Steve heard Tony chuckle. “Just a Rather Very Intelligent System, or J.A.RV.I.S. He’s my computer system.”
“Uh, it was more than fine, Rogers. I’ve been thinking about this for a while.” Tony’s comment had started out blithely, but it was clear by the end of his sentence that he was serious.
Tony reached back into the bag. “And Peter did this sketch of the two of you. It’s actually really good…” Tony smiled weakly at Steve, “…you’ll like it when…” he choked a little on a sob quickly forming in his throat, “…when you wake up…” he finally got out before rubbing Steve’s leg. He delicately placed the sketch on the table next to the bag.
Sam waited for Steve to continue. He had to have done something else after the party because now Tony was reconsidering how he treated him.
Steve hugged Tony as he gently pressed up against his lips. After a few seconds, Tony finally eased up and kissed Steve back. Eventually, the mounting sensuality of the kiss between them caused Tony to break away, still holding on to Steve’s arms.
“Hey…” Sam stopped in his tracks abruptly, making it obvious that he could feel the tension in the room.
“I’m so sorry, but I want to help, for real this time.” Loki pleaded as he backed away from Tony’s thrashing.
“I’m only working on this because my dad began it. He couldn’t even figure out how to get the damn thing to work.”
Tony smiled through the kiss as he managed to pull Steve toward his bedroom. He walked ahead of Steve, trying to get to the room as quickly as possible, yet too stunned to comprehend that he was finally going to be with his crush.
Tony held onto Steve tighter, commanding himself to take it easy. Steve barely noticed as he continued to kiss him, taking his time.
“I’m sorry I’m late. I changed seven times, and then I realized I hadn’t showered after my work out, and—anyway. I’m sorry. Hi, Tony; hi, James.” Tony nodded, too overwhelmed with relief, still, to speak.
Other than the actual timeline, perhaps the most significant divergence between this Tony’s life and that of the MCU took place during the so-called Time Heist. Stark and Captain Rogers did end up visiting the 1970s, but they were prevented from leaving immediately due primarily to their utter incompetence as spies. As a result, Stark discovered his father’s use of the time stone. He also spent more a significant amount of time with Steve Rogers, which seemed to all their relationship to recover somewhat from the events of the Civil War.
did. Personally I’m not sure I’d take help from you even if you offered it.” Anger, Peter had also learned recently, made him say really stupid things, the kind of stuff that he never could have even imagined Before. It was usually directed at Steve, but Strange was a promising new target who deserved it at least as much, if not more. After all, Steve might have been able to do things in the past that would have prevented Tony’s not-death, but at least he hadn’t led him right to it, made him feel like there was no other option.
, not ever again.) The only thing more unendurable than staring at all of these traces of Tony in this space that he’d loved best in the world was the thought of leaving and returning to find them all carefully hidden away, like Tony had never existed in the first place.
“I’m not one for speeches. I usually leave that to the big guys, and yes Nat that includes you,” Clint grinned. Despite his earlier bravado, there was a shakiness in his smile that made Tony ache in a pleasant sort of way. “But Phil and I…we were talking a few weeks ago about the various safehouses we’ve been in throughout the years. For so long, safety was always like that for me, for most of us: moveable, impermanent. Usually with some accompanying weird smells in the carpet. But as we were talking it really kinda hit me that my safe house isn’t a physical space anymore at all. It’s people. It’s everyone here, especially you; every day I get to wake up and love you is…well, not much makes me humble, but that does.”
None of which meant that Tony didn’t agonize about the whole thing. He changed outfits seven separate times before winding up in the same pair of jeans and dusty rose button down he’d started off in. (The latter was a little bolder than Tony would have usually chosen, but he was still working with Mark II’s closet, and the guy had apparently been a little more adventurous than Tony tended to be.) Clint met him at the elevators in a pair of black jeans and a clingy green sweater, so Tony had at least managed to guess the vibe. Rather than stepping into the penthouse, though, Clint crooked a finger to beckon Tony into the elevator with him. (Dummy, who had supervised the whole getting-ready process, rolled up behind Tony in an attempt to subtly nudge him forward.)
If the moment hadn’t been so intense, Steve would have wished for a camera to capture the almost dopey look of surprise that came across Bucky’s face then; it was right out of a comic book or a silent film, right down to the slack jaw and the huge, wide eyes. Bucky was often as guarded as Natasha with his expressions, but then Tony Stark had always been something a little different, hadn’t he?
However annoyed she might be, Dr. Domen did apparently trust Steve’s word. She asked no further questions about the circumstances that had ended up so dramatically altering their timeline. And though she did have some choice words for him about ‘using the cell phone number she’d given him, with strict instructions to call if and when she was needed, preferably
Tony could hardly formulate an argument to that when his brain was syrup-thick with submission and contentment and
And as always, let me know if you have other questions or concerns or would like to see a tag added.
forbidden from entering, Tony won’t have thought to restrict the entry of his own tech. I’ll follow it in, get whatever information out of him that I can, and then bring him up to you. In the meantime, you lot need to figure out how you’re going to ensure that I don’t regret doing that. Got it?”
With nearly anyone else in the world, this remark would be the height of unremarkable. Anyone else might not even look up from the book they were reading on their tablet, especially since Steve knew for a fact that Bucky loves Sally Rooney. But Bucky is not, has never been, just anyone. He easily disregards the casual tone of Steve’s voice, hearing the eagerness bordering on desperation behind it.
In addition to the characrerization of Wanda in this chapter, I also borrowed something else: Tony visiting hospitals and snuggling babies is 100 percent comics canon.
“But would you be able to rest?” she’d asked, soft and sad and hopeless because she'd already known the answer, and so had Tony.
“Sometimes yes. Other times not at all. Even before you got here, I already had a tendency to constantly compare my past and my present.” Tony nodded, familiar by now with this tendency in both Steves, though surprised to hear one of them admit it. "My therapist, a big part of what we’ve been working on is learning to recognize and either celebrate or mourn changes and similarities without becoming fixated on them, or forming judgements based on them. It was…harder than I thought it would be to get there. But I’m glad I did.”
“Well you’re gonna wanna do more than ‘behold’ them. We’re not going back to the Tower until you’ve finished at least most of that.” Thor’s hands, which had found their way onto his own body to brush against the rope, landed with a guilty thud on the table, rattling the dishes and sending a few drops of coffee onto the table. As Steve wiped up the mess, Thor shovelled half a pancake into his mouth. Once he swallowed and his system finally seemed to register that there was food in front of him, Thor cleared most the plate without further problems.
“Well, I thought maybe I could consult.” The words didn’t even come out with any bitterness. Hell, maybe all of them would have been better off if they’d stuck to Natasha’s original recommendations and kept Tony at a distance from the Avengers Initiative. “I know we have to be careful about the overlap with SHIELD, but since Cap runs it and all, I thought maybe—your Tony did great work, but I don't think he ever got far with nanotech, and I’ve done some pretty great things with that. I could upgrade the team's suits, maybe take a look at their weapons…” Tony trailed off, somewhat appalled to realize he had somehow progressed from offering to begging.
Peter was looking to his left out the window, a blaring signal that he was trying to lie or hold something back which Tony had only semi-successfully managed to train out of the other version of the kid. He found himself extremely grateful for it now, because otherwise the hostility from someone who had only ever been polite bordering on deferential to him in the past might have been enough to scare Tony off. Instead, he tried for slightly bored politeness, and attempted to remember that this wasn’t his Peter. This was a stranger, an isolated, scared kid no less, one he would scare the hell out of if he rushed in too fast.
“Steve I swear to—” An admittedly masochistic part of Steve wanted Natasha to have the chance to finish her threat, because he was morbidly curious who or what, precisely, she would swear to; God definitely wouldn’t make the list. What happened next, though, was better.
She set the vase down quietly on one of the delicate little side tables, and for a moment it almost looked like she might get away with it. Most of the others were busy painting, or arguing about light fixtures, or, in Clint’s case, gleefully sorting the toys Natasha had bought into piles. (She’d never seen Clint so excited by an organizational task before.)
The response however caused the other reporters to shout their own follow-up questions. Rhodey had to prevent himself from glaring at Tony; Bruce was looking around anxiously; and Steve was doing his best to look content.
Tony laughed nervously before Steve gave him a hug again. “Oh well…” Tony closed his eyes as he smiled to himself, letting Steve rub his back for some time.
But before Tony could finish, Steve had placed both of his hands on Tony’s cheeks, pulling him in close for a kiss.
“Okay, let’s get some sleep.” He turned his head to kiss Tony on the cheek before Tony sat up to finish undressing.
Pepper shook her head. “Steve cares about you, Tony. He’ll talk…I bet he’s trying to give himself some time to have a productive conversation. You just need to give him the opportunity, okay?”
Back in the simulation, Steve noted to himself, as he helped treat people in the mobile clinic, that Tony still looked apprehensive.
“I’m too busy to date.” Steve quipped. It was true; Steve was too busying trying to figure out his growing feelings for his lab partner to really consider dating anyone else.
Steve shrugged as he tried to figure out what Bucky was trying to get at. “All she told me was that you mentioned we used to be serious…”
“Actually, I’m glad you’re here, Banner. I think we should start out as early as possible,” Tony shuffled some files on his desk, “the quicker we get in, the quicker we can get out.”
“Tony…it’s okay…but just know that I care about you, okay?” He then reached out across the table with one hand.
Tony let go of Steve, but Steve held onto his waist, kissing Tony on the cheek, which almost caused Tony to giggle from the attention.
“You were going to ask me if Steve and Bucky are dating, right? They’re not, not to my knowledge anyway. And I don’t think they ever have. Steve treats him like a brother than anything else. Also, Steve…” Sam trailed off a bit, but Tony picked up on it.
The escort led Tony into the room where he was coldly greeted by Whoberis, Lupho, and a couple of their associates. As soon as the door shut behind him, Tony flashed a toothy grin at everyone.
“Like I said, I don’t want to get into the middle of it, but I wouldn’t worry about Bucky.” Sam smirked before clapping his hand on the back of Tony’s back. He then walked over to where Steve and Bucky were standing. Tony looked over and saw that Steve had quickly glanced over to smile at him while he was in a conversation with one of his classmates.
After some time, the uncomfortable feeling that had been between Steve and Tony when they first started spending time together again disappeared finally. Steve was beginning to feel the same way he had when he used to have dinner with Tony and Peter during most of the week and when he had stayed with them while he was recovering from surgery.
Tony cursed to himself as he walked past a chatty group of undergraduate students standing outside one of the labs encased in frosted glass.
Steve glanced over at Tony who was fidgeting a little but managed to settle into a comfortable stance with his arms crossed. Steve remarked to himself how handsome Tony appeared, but this time he didn’t reprimand himself for thinking so.
“No need to worry, Stane,” Loki brushed past Obadiah has soon as he finished dressing, “anyone in the lab?”
“Okay, I think we’re going to have to keep a look out on Thor. He’ll try to go rogue on this with Loki, especially considering he hasn’t heard from him since his arrest.”
“Come over around 5:30. I need to make sure Peter works on his homework before he goes to bed.” Tony watched Rhodey rise out of his chair to head toward the office door.
Thanos grinned, slowly turning his head to look at Obadiah. “Good. Everything is finally going according to plan.”
Tony watched them leave, smiling to himself before jogging after them. “Also, what the heck is a ‘healthy’ pizza?”
“Yeah, I’m beginning to think that’s more likely the case.” Tony joked back, walking over to kiss Steve before repositioning himself underneath the robot with Peter again.
Steve blushed. He shuffled around a little before answering. “Aw, well. Thank you, Tony.” He grew suddenly quiet as he tried to process this interaction.
Tony slapped an armrest with glee before handing Steve the device. “I’m sure you’ll remain just as handsome as you are right now, Rogers.” He coyly remarked.
There inside, nestled in some shock resistance material that wouldn’t do much if it did explode, was Thanos’s super weapon.
thing you could help me with.” He grinned widely before continuing, “you could take a shower with me, you know to save water and money, or whatever.” He ended by waving his hand around casually.
Peter nodded as he shifted back and forth on his feet, making it apparent that he had something else more important on his mind.
Steve nodded again as he tried to unclench his muscles. As he felt Tony continue to rub his body, he reminded himself of how patient Tony had always been with him which eased Steve even more. He then felt the tip of Tony’s finger rub him before entering slowly.
Tony grinned at Steve, but his internal turmoil turned his expression into a half grimace. “And risk you falling on your face in front of everyone—wait actually that might be really entertaining.”
“Wait, you know I’m asking you to marry me, right?” He smiled weakly, disheveled from the quick kiss and trying to get his thoughts in order.
Bucky had once mentioned to Steve while the three were out for drinks. Both Bucky and Steve had served in the army together prior to Steve entering law school at Columbia University. However, their paths ultimately diverged; Bucky chose to continue his military career while Steve sought to pursue his dream of becoming a public defender. While serving, Steve had risen to the rank of Captain, which led to his ubiquitous nickname that stuck after he was honorably discharged. Steve found the nickname to be annoying at times; the unit was a team. Yet, even he could admit that his nickname had its moments of endearment. Almost all his closest friends referred to him as “Cap”, especially when he was in a stern, yet nurturing mood.
“Tony, how can I—we trust you,” Steve pointed to everyone else in the room as he corrected himself again, “if you’re not honest about the project?”
As soon as Steve finished inputting the sequences, the device generated the information for the codes they needed to enter into the vault’s access panel, but the numbers were a jumbled mess.
Ever since Steve began staying over at Tony’s, Sam had been super supportive. Bucky, while not as vocal as Sam, seemed like he was fine with Steve’s current relationship status. Steve found some time to devout to his oldest friend, but he would still have to cancel on Bucky more than he wanted to in order to spend more time with Tony. However, Bucky appeared fine with it; he hadn’t said otherwise. Steve figured that his oldest and dearest friend would at least tell him if he had an issue with Tony. He hoped so, anyway.
Steve looked back at the elevator again before turning to face Tony; his expression becoming even more perplexed.
As Tony spoke, he accidentally locked eyes with Steve who was standing close to the stage. He looked like he was enjoying himself, sipping out of a glass as Tony gave his presentation. Something about seeing Steve’s face in an otherwise dimly lit crowd almost made Tony forget his lines.
“Bureaucratic nonsense.” Tony walked through the holographic image as the device pulled apart to reveal the vibranium core.
“You know that’s not what happened. I know I’m not aware of the details, but it sounds like something shady is going on and there’s a security breach or whatever. Tony had nothing to do with it.”
Steve waited nervously next to the car, crossing his arms, trying to seem as cool as possible as he waited for Peter to appear. He looked around and smiled at the other parents before the school bell rang way too loudly.
“Mr. Stark! It’s so great to see you. Late night, sir?” The employee looked back and forth between Steve and Tony, seemingly unaware that both were completely disheveled.
After rubbing Steve’s arm, Tony retrieved his phone from a console. “I just need to put you on the school’s list for pickups, because you know, stranger danger.” He shrugged with a grin before rapidly typing in Peter’s school’s number for maybe the hundredth time.
Alternative Universe set a few years after the end of Synergy, and Peter’s high school is planning a trip for the honors students to spend a week in Venice. Tony and Steve, being the parents that they are, wade through normal relationship drama/comfort while also trying to save their kid from a deranged ex-Stark Industries employee who also so happens to be Peter’s science teacher.
Obadiah stopped Tony with an outstretched arm. “Anthony, good job anyway.” He sneered, making it clear that his tone was deeply sarcastic.
Tony sighed as he moved his eyeglasses to pinch the bridge of his nose. “No, Steve. Don’t say that. I had a great time with you. I just…” Tony finally removed his eyeglasses before setting them down on a table next to him. He exhaled before scooting his chair closer toward Steve, who appeared both guilty himself, yet somber.
Tony and Peter smiled and high fived each other as the robot moved slowly. However, suddenly, a terrifying noise arose from the robot, causing Peter and Tony to back away further, somewhat panicking from the robot’s startling state.
Tony grinned before reaching downward to unzip Steve’s pants. He felt around a bit, eliciting a sharp inhale from Steve. Tony looked at Steve, lingering before he finished unzipping his pants. He rubbed the back of Steve’s neck a bit longer before adjusting his body so he could lean downward near Steve’s crotch; he could feel Steve’s heart beating wildly.
Pepper continued to hold the door of the elevator shaft open. Tony could tell that she refused to leave until they agreed on the party.
Clint waved his hand around without really responding as he walked up to the console Tony usually used. He stopped before pulling out another crumbled piece of paper full of instructions Natasha and Bruce had given him about some sequences they needed for something, but Clint couldn’t really remember.
Steve shook his head again, this time a little too vigorously, as he turned to walk back toward his office without motioning for Tony to follow him. He let Tony in first, who paused before entering.
While weary of diagnosing Tony, Steve figured that maybe his friend was suffering from some form of post-traumatic stress disorder himself. There was a person in his group sessions who often mentioned their relationship with their mother as the source of their struggles with mental health and Tony’s mannerisms were similar to theirs. Steve reminded himself of how horrible and alone he had felt after his mother died, and the amount of help he received to overcome it.
“Ready whenever you are, Tony.” Bruce’s voice filtered in through both Steve and Tony’s earpieces. Bruce was sitting in a van with Thor and Shuri outside of the mansion, watching the rest of the team’s movements inside via a live stream.
Tony was in sitting his office, pretending to look through some documents Pepper had sent him that he needed to sign. He groaned loudly to himself as memories of the Hamptons house during his childhood kept popping into his head. The memories were then followed by the last argument he had with his dad before his parents died.
Tony laughed quietly to himself at the last statement that was more of a thought than anything. Steve looked even more disappointed, but then Tony told himself not to get hung up on it as he tried to explain.
Another period of uncomfortable silence passed as the room was only filled with the sound of muffled crying from both Tony and Steve. Tony stopped himself by inhaling and exhaling deeply, telling himself he needed to turn around, face Steve, and explain himself. After all, he did owe him that.
“Shuri, I know you were busy with that stupid face thing, but did you manage to make any sense of these random numbers?”
Steve looked stunned, although he eventually smiled back. “Sure, I would love to have dinner with you and Peter. I thought I wouldn’t ever get to meet him…” He trailed off, sounding dejected.
But before he could really get anywhere, suddenly the back of his head felt weirdly numb. As Clint tried to process what just happened, his knees buckled underneath him as he fainted.
He moaned even louder as he felt Steve through the fabric of their clothes. Tony unzipped Steve’s jeans, feeling Steve through his boxers before pulling his cock out. He kissed Steve one more time before leaning downward to meet the tip of his cock, rubbing it with his thumb before using his mouth.
Tony shook his head again before backing up one step. “I don’t know…the device won’t generate the detonator.”
“…I’m-I’m really sorry about last night, Steve…that won’t happen again…” Tony started back up, “…but I wasn’t sure I would hear from you outside of work…you know since I can’t seem to keep my hands to myself…”
Fury sighed heavily as he watched his agents scour the remnants of Thanos’s abandoned testing area. Ever since raiding the lab the day before, S.H.I.E.L.D. agents had been searching all over for any sign of Thanos’s super weapon, however, they had yet to find anything substantial.
“…Peter’s going to have to be my top priority, no matter what…” Tony smiled, but his expression was equally stern.
“First, T’Challa’s sister’s name is Shuri.” Tony corrected as he leaned forward, “second, does the name ‘Thanos’ ring a bell?”
“Yes. It’s very exciting. I’m interested in seeing what it can actually do.” Steve moved out of the way as Bruce ducked in front of him. Bruce nodded vigorously with a huge grin as soon as he finally stood still.
Steve mimicked the nod as he glanced over at Tony who was busying himself with something on the console while still rotating his shoulder. Steve walked over to join him.
“Uh, it’s not Mr. Barnes, Mr. Rogers…” Steve’s assistant entered the office, slowly closing the door behind her. She looked to be on the verge of trying to contain unbridled excitement.
“Yes, it’s been discovered that the company has been struggling with safety precautions since the Synergy program's inception. A source close to the program has told reporters here at Metropolis that there was a recent explosion in one of the company’s labs and a member of the team was seriously injured.”
Steve smiled as best as he could. He pushed his body into Tony, pulling him closer toward his chest.
Everyone in the conference room “ooed” and “awed” as an exploded holographic image of the Synergy device rotated above the table. Tony was standing in the front with Fury, waving his hand about as he explained the team’s latest work to the Stark Industries board, Pepper, and Obadiah. He could see Obadiah watching him intently down at the opposite end of the table, but it didn’t bother him like usual; he knew Obadiah was waiting to interject to poke holes in their research.
Obadiah huffed as he spun around on his heels to exit the office. “Right, expect a report back soon.”
“Jesus. I don’t want to talk about it, Bruce.” Tony knew his friend was referring to his behavior during the first simulation.
Also, it had helped when Bruce pulled him aside earlier that morning to vaguely explain that Tony was going through some stuff lately that wasn’t limited to Synergy. Although Steve had figured that was the case, it was good to receive verbal confirmation from one of the people who knew his lab partner the best.
Steve listened intently to Obadiah as he was being led away. Even if Steve had known what Obadiah had said about their relationship, Tony knew Steve would still behave professionally considering that the fate of the project was on the line.
“Hope you don’t mind. You might lose your mind if you only get to know me…well, you might anyway.” Tony grinned as he zoomed into a section of the device.
Tony's face betrayed how annoyed he already was with the conversation, but figured Pepper was not too far away, so he decided to play along to prevent a frustrating start to their meeting. Besides, since Synergy was in such a precarious position, Tony still couldn't afford getting into an argument with Obadiah, especially after the explosion in his lab.
After a while, Bruce could feel himself becoming more relaxed, finding himself laughing and opening up more.
Steve stood at the bottom of the staircase as he continued to glare upward at Tony; Tony had never seen Steve so angry before.
Thanos stopped laughing to grin at Tony. “You’ve wasted all your time here with me…” He vaguely explained.
Steve looked over at the clock on his bedside table to check the time before settling back down into the bed, now watching Tony sleep soundly. Steve grimaced as he began mulling over last night again.
Steve nestled his nose even more into Tony’s neck as he tightened his grip around Tony’s cock. He was trying to give himself a moment before he went any further.
Relatively speaking, the party had been tame up to that point until Thor began passing out glasses of his homemade concoction he called Jörmungandr. Everyone, except Steve, drank a glass or two (or three) of it. Whatever it was, however, had been more potent than what had been at the bar and it definitely showed.
Tony nodded before kissing Steve again. He could feel his anxiety over their relationship melting, but his old doubts continued to fight against his reassurances.
It had been painfully obvious from the time the two had first met each other that both Natasha and Bruce were attracted to one another. Yet, neither one admitted it. Tony, with the help of Rhodey from time to time, would tease Bruce about it, but would also try to give him advice. Tony appreciated how cautious his friend was; he wished he could exercise the same judgement when it came to relationships.
Steve nodded as he took his time entering the kitchen. He watched Tony looked through one box then another.
Tony perked up at Steve’s nickname. “’Cap’?” He asked as he shoveled more food into his mouth, forgetting that Steve had been a captain in the military.
Steve waited as he heard May let out a subdued sigh. “Peter’s fine. He’s sleeping. Are you sure everything is okay?”
“That’s because Steve likes me better.” Peter joked as he motioned for Tony to resume their positions underneath the robot.
Steve kept a firm hold on Tony with one hand while using the other to run through Tony’s hair. “We were watching you from the helicopter…you got caught in the reactionary blast…”
Tony nodded wearingly. “I’m okay. Did you see anyone drop off some mail? I got this letter in my private mailbox.”
To keep operations at Stark Enterprises hidden from Obadiah during the Synergy closeout, Tony had been working more often in his home office in the penthouse. The office’s software and hardware were protected by an intricately constructed security system that only Tony had the access codes to. Also, if anyone attempted to break into the system, J.A.R.V.I.S. would self-destruct once triggered. However, Tony preempted losing his beloved computer system by creating an encrypted system that was only accessible through Peter’s wristwatch.
Steve turned his head to look at Tony. He laughed again before getting off the bed to follow Tony into the bathroom.
Rhodey and Pepper were dancing near the front next to Sam and Shuri. Bucky was laughing at Steve as he awkwardly danced with his friend and Clint was near the back of the balcony trying to get his wife Laura to dance, but he was too excitable while dancing.
“He’s good…we, uh, went to the New York Hall of Science Sunday. Thanks for asking. Rhodey’s watching him for me tonight.”
… Tony hoped. Steve blowing up on him earlier in the week was still weighing heavily on his mind and he couldn’t focus.
The rest of the night was more pleasant than both Tony and Steve could have hoped for. After dinner, the three of them hung out for a bit in the rec room where Peter kept most of his toys and failed science experiments, before Tony begrudgingly broke up the party to announce that Peter needed to finish his homework before going to bed.
“Stark,” Natasha called sternly through everyone’s earpiece, “there are some numbers here that don’t look like the information for the medical supplies…I’m not sure what to make of it. I’m sending it to you and Dr. Banner now.”
“So, what’s the plan? When do we start?” Thor clapped his hands before rubbing them together. To Steve, he looked the most excited.
“As you can see, as one of my esteemed colleagues describes it, the device itself is both lightweight
Steve chuckled before tilting his chin downward to kiss Tony. He swayed a bit, leading Tony along with him. Tony held onto him before Steve suddenly spun him around. Tony laughed as Steve then quickly pulled him against his body. The tense atmosphere in the house dissipated as Steve shimmied against Tony to make him laugh which seemed to work because Tony appeared to be enjoying himself. They danced to a few more songs in the living room before calling it a night.
As Tony closed the door to Peter’s bedroom, he felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. As he retrieved it, he saw that he had received a message from Steve.
Tony tapped on his earpiece. “It looks like the situation is more serious than expected. I think it’s probably best to have the three of you wait outside the park when you arrive then we can switch places after the specs are generated.”
“I can’t let him near the device. I have Bruce in the lab right now guarding it and deflecting him, if necessary.” Tony sighed as he glanced upward at Pepper. Her expression looked pained.
Steve nodded before walking further into the office, taking his time. He glanced around, spotting immediately a framed photograph of Obadiah with a younger-looking Tony on top a bookshelf next to one of the huge windows in the office. Steve made a mental note to himself; he had overheard Tony complain once or maybe twice about Obadiah. Steve hadn’t pressed him on it, but he could tell each time that there was something deeper to Tony’s tension with the man.
“Please don’t tell me you’re going to start calling me ‘Cap’ now too, Tony.” Steve glanced meekly over at Tony.
“Hey, I’m just glad we managed to get Steve out to celebrate.” Sam smiled at Steve as he raised his glass toward his friend who returned the gesture.
Loki whistled to himself as he emerged from his bathroom, heading to his kitchen to make something to eat. He continued to hum loudly as he whipped together a sandwich before hearing a ping from his tablet, signaling that he had received an email. The tablet was sitting on top of the table in the small area he had partitioned off for eating.
Tony watched him as he finished, thinking about last night. “Hey…so I wanted to get your honest opinion, since you’re so wise.”
Tony half grimaced, but he only crossed his arms before shuffling around a little, feeling uncomfortable while trying to figure out how to escape the balcony without resorting to scaling the walls.
“We broke up about a year ago. She was my last serious relationship. She was around when I adopted Peter, so they know each other pretty well. I’m actually surprised we’re on good terms now.”
Peter rolled his eyes as he jumped out of the car, motioning for Ned to follow him. The boys bolted toward the back of the truck to make sure their robot was still in one piece. Tony hopped out of the driver’s seat side to assist.
What if he messed up this thing with Steve? They weren’t serious, which made it easier for Tony to process somewhat besides having to stave off panic attacks around Steve.
“Obie, you’re very quiet.” Tony eventually observed aloud with a slight edge to his voice although he was sure not biting enough to make the situation any more uncomfortable than it already could be.
He looked up at Steve again who appeared to be waiting for him to contribute. Tony sighed as he placed his glass on the counter behind him.
“Nope. Even though I would love to tell you I told you so, I’m sure bruising that pretty face of yours because you’re stubborn is more than a blow to your ego.” He grinned at Steve before turning around to retrieve a first-aid kit from the bathroom.
“Uh,” Tony started, clearing his throat a little, “I’ll need to schedule a meeting with the executive committee to officially tell them about…well…you know…you and me…”
“Come on, big guy. You can let off steam in the lab.” Bruce motioned for Shuri to follow them to their lab.
Steve walked to the middle of the space near the fireplace. He crouched down once he approached the boxes, hesitating before opening one. Once he finally dusted the flaps off to open a box, he found another stack of albums and a bundle of papers tied together. Steve carefully removed the albums, looking through them before moving the papers aside. Immediately, he eyed what looked to be a jewelry box at the bottom of the box.
Luckily Tony knew how to retain a pleasant expression as he mentally screamed with anguish and frustration. He felt himself approaching the verge of reacting with anger, knowing he should have never let Steve go and now he was talking to Steve’s girlfriend or whatever because of it, but Tony still wanted to confess his love toward him. Nothing made sense as Tony stared blankly at Sharon who had no idea that she was causing him so much torment.
Steve sighed as he looked back at the bedroom door again. “Yeah…I think I’m getting the same impression…”
Tony rocked forward before leaning downward to kiss Steve’s neck. Steve tilted his head to the side to look at the bottom half of Tony’s body. His eyes traced from Tony’s arm behind his body to his hand, realizing that Tony was fingering himself as he kissed Steve. Steve couldn’t stop staring; he watched Tony’s fingers move in and out of his body which was causing Tony to moan louder than usual.
A smile crept up on Bucky’s face. Something about it was both relieving and unnerving to Tony. Bucky lingered before laughing to himself again. Tony shrugged as he tried to decipher Bucky’s mannerisms.
Steve shook his head defiantly as he watched Tony walk toward him. “It’s not about the money, Tony. Synergy can save lives, that’s what it should be used for. Think of the damage you’ll be adding to if you let the board hand Synergy over to—”
Tony held up a facial alteration device, just one of the few he and Shuri had constructed to test out before the press event.
As soon as Steve recoiled from the comment, Tony knew he should have kept the retort to himself. Steve glared back at Tony and Tony could feel everyone else staring at them.
Tony looked upward at Strange and smiled weakly. He appreciated the reassurance, but then his personality took over, trying his best to change the subject.
Thor crossed his arms.  “I think they’re toward the end of the month. Maybe a Friday or a Saturday?”
Tony walked back to the kitchen. “Yeah, so where should I plug this in?” He glanced around the apartment space; the apartment was one of those renovated post-Second World War where there were only three or so outlets available.
He glanced at the bedroom door to make sure Peter didn’t come barreling back into the room. After one last moment, Tony breathed deeply as he unfolded the letter:
Peter jogged toward Steve, carrying a giant bowl covered in saran wrap. Tony caught up with him, taking the bowl so that Peter could greet Steve without losing the dish they brought for dinner.
Steve turned to Tony with a nod before accessing another elevator to get to their suite floor. They rode the elevator to their floor before it opened into a gigantic foyer.
“Yeah, Rogers.” Clint was just behind Thor, “it was too much pressure being the best looking one in the group while you were out.”
“Hold on everyone! Chill for a sec…” Tony held his hands out to get everyone to stop talking all at once, “Of course I don’t want to tell you what to do, Shuri, but I honestly think cancelling the wedding would be a mistake…”
Tony walked over to stand next to Bruce as they let Shuri mentally gather her thoughts. Shuri sighed as she walked with her coffee mug over to the console to show Tony and Bruce an image of Synergy’s core.
Tony waited for Sam to finish his conversation before walking over toward him. He patted Sam on the shoulder.
“It is nice.” Tony lingered before turning to face his console. They continued working until Fury called the team in for another run at the simulation.
Tony nodded, trying to focus on exactly what he wanted to say, but it sounded like whatever he had to say wouldn’t matter now that Steve seemed closed off to him.
Obadiah directed his anger toward Fury who was standing in the back of the room with his arms crossed.
Tony quipped as soon as he entered the lab, nearly making Steve jolt at the sound of his voice. He smiled at Steve before walking over to a table with the Synergy device rested on top of it. Eerily silent, Steve stood rigid in the middle of the space, resting his hands on his hips. Steve watched Tony pick up the device and turn it around a few times. After a moment, Tony stopped what he was doing to look at Steve.
“This is probably one of those instances where being a hero just makes you look ridiculous.” Tony teased, yet communicated that he was serious about Steve’s continued recovery.
“I agree with Tony, Bruce. We know that Thanos is trying to replicate a core similar to this one for his super weapon. And if we let an outside company bid on the remnants of Synergy including the core—"
Tony grinned as he found his notebook he kept for Peter’s quota. “You think you’ll be able to stump me again, Parker?”
“I’ll have a nurse send in the discharge papers. You’re very lucky, Mr. Rogers.” Strange carefully patted Steve on the shoulder before quickly rushing out of the room to get to another patient.
Obadiah slid his hands into his pants pockets, sporting the same disturbing grin from before. Steve felt unsettled by it.
Both Shuri and Bruce nodded before circling the main console. Tony waited a second before walking out of the main space to head to the space he shared with Steve. As he entered, he felt a hand on his shoulder.
Tony was left staring dumbfounded as he watched Steve leave. Although the statement sounded innocent enough, something about it made this lonely Tony feel not so lonely in the moment. He smiled somewhat to himself before turning around to face the bar counter.
“Tony, you’re great. Steve’s lucky to have you.” Was all Bruce concluded with before Tony heard him tapping on his tablet.
Tony nodded as he slipped his hands into his jeans’ pockets. “Okay.” He had no clue what Pepper was up to, but he could sense that he wasn’t going to like what he was about to hear.
Steve laughed, repositioning himself directly on top of Tony again. “So are you…” he whispered, kissing Tony’s neck before moving to his lips.
“Uh…well…,” he started, shuffling around in his chair. He looked at his wristwatch, trying not to lock eyes with Steve.
Tony, in order to stop himself from kissing Steve back, placed a steady hand on Steve’s before freeing himself. This time he looked upward and stared intensely, trying to plead with Steve.
Tony looked downward at the record player, removing its plastic covering before reaching for a few records next to it. He fumbled around a bit until he found what he was looking for, sliding the record out of its case before placing it on the player. Steve watched Tony as the record began playing Diana Ross’s “You Are Everything”.
“The trick is,” Tony continued as he rested a hand on Steve’s ass to turn him over slightly, pulling his suit down more, “not to ejaculate all over the place the first time. Then you can the second time. It’s more a feeling than anything else.”
“Hey, Peter,” Tony injected into Steve and Peter’s energetic conversation, “have you shown Steve that comic you’ve been working on?”
The day he had recovered the diary, he had refused to read it, almost completely forgetting about it until now. Tony wasn’t sure what the point of reading the diary would be; nothing would change his feelings toward the way his father had treated him and the thought of reading the diary right now would only exacerbate his anxiety over failed relationships.
Steve moaned quietly as he pushed more into Tony; Tony’s scent and thinking about being as close to him as possible sent a surge through the base of his body.
Steve was watching the movie, but he was also thinking about the last simulation run through. This second time, both he and Tony seemed to be working fine like they had his first day. It was almost as if the impatient Tony from before was an anomaly.
And to add to the pain, about a month ago, before finally deciding to see Steve again, Tony had received his invitation to Shuri’s upcoming wedding with Sam. He had considered not going, but he had developed a close friendship with Shuri outside of work and he couldn’t allow any of his petty drama with her fiancé’s best friend ruin her and Sam’s day. Tony knew it would be tough seeing Steve, even at the wedding, but he also knew he needed Steve on Synergy; he was the one who had worked with the device the most and it was only right to have every single original team member back on the project. Besides, Steve was a consummate professional and would do the best he could do to make Synergy viable again.
“Obie.” Tony nodded at Obadiah, looking the other way as he sipped out of his drink. He smiled like usual, but something about it felt off to Steve.
Tony stepped a foot forward as the faces filling the space morphed into new faces. “But at Stark Industries, we’ve done just that…”
Tony shifted again to look at Steve. He grinned at him, but just enough for Steve to relax a little.
As soon as Steve slipped into his bed, he checked his phone to see if Bucky had called. After a string of messages from a couple friends wishing him well and one from Bucky admonishing him for not picking up his phone, was a message from Tony, sent a few minutes ago.
Bruce shook his head again, reaching out to get Tony to calm down before he said something he would regret. Steve looked back and forth between them, alarmed by Tony’s tone and Bruce’s demeanor.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Rhodes needs to chill more often. Besides all the shit that’s happened so far, the device is
Steve turned slightly to look at Tony who was staring at Mr. Beck. “That works for us, right, Tony?”
“Uh, it’s great actually,” Tony took a moment before continuing, “so, um. I hate to do this, but could you watch Peter for me for a couple more hours? Steve….” Tony took a deep breath, “…Steve asked me back to his place—”
“Please, call me Nick. We’re colleagues.” Fury smiled as Steve reciprocated awkwardly. He felt silly being so personal with someone like Fury, but he appreciated the offer.
Tony gasped as he used both hands to hug Steve’s neck, drawing him close to his chest. He could now feel Steve’s hand near his crotch, fumbling a bit with the zipper on his pants. Tony chuckled as he unzipped himself for Steve before tugging on the hem of Steve’s shirt.
Tony nodded again as he motioned for everyone to pack up their things. “Okay, Rogers, stand by for the info for the detonator and we’ll get the fuck out of here.”
“Nice to meet you, Riri.” Tony began scribbling down a message in her notebook, “what do you study?”
“…uh…maybe…” Steve looked downward, shuffling from side to side, “I’ll have to see how I feel…might need to go home to get a good night’s rest…Peter’s better about this now, but you know how excited he gets whenever I stay—”
Steve sighed, knowing he needed to get to the point. “Sharon, I’ve really appreciated our time together,” he began slowly, “but—”
As he began cleaning up his work area, Tony thought back, again, to what Bruce had said about Steve “liking” him. He was now obsessed with the thought; he knew that if he didn’t remind himself to play it cool, it would consume him, and he would never get anything done.
“Then, we’ll celebrate again when I’m back in town for your graduation.” Bucky motioned toward Steve and winked before he gave the waitress the same order from before.
“Aren’t you going to say something?” Steve had meant for the question to sound like a joke, but it came out more distressed.
Steve sighed as he tapped his phone in his hand a few times; he was sitting on the edge of his bed thinking about what to do. He had to make a choice: even though their relationship had ended poorly, seeing Tony was important to Steve, but the way Tony was last night without owning up to his past actions dredged up old feelings Steve had thought he had dealt with.
Tony laughed. “Seriously, though…I love you, and I’ll be back, okay?” Tony caressed Steve’s face with his thumbs, before leaning in for another kiss, “you can’t get rid of me that easy.”
Tony crossed his arms as he listened; he knew that if Steve wasn’t on the team, he probably would have disbanded the project without further debate. Although not too concerned about his own safety, Tony was concerned about others, especially his team, despite what people perceived about him.
Tony turned slightly, looking downward at the diary, taking some time before shaking his head quickly.
Steve laughed as he let go of Tony. He rubbed Tony’s arms before limping to the other side of the kitchen.
Steve smiled back as he hung the towel he was using to dry his hair on a chair near the bed. He then walked to the other side of the bed, taking the towel wrapped around his waist off which earned a wide grin from Tony.
Steve watched, jealousy and anger boiling in his stomach as he could only stare. He should be the one holding him. The words not lost to him either as he remembered SpiderMan and how close he seemed with Tony. He wanted to scream.
- I would have picked up - he said but the words seemed empty, devoid of any meaning. - I didn't know if you would have picked up either - he opened the phone, and looked at the battery. He always kept it charged.
-Yeah, it was pretty stupid Steve - Tony interrupted, his jaw set and a determined look in his eyes - Yes, you should have told me. Even then, in front of that fucking screen, you could have stopped everything to tell me. I trusted you, Steve, I even - he stopped, the confession at the tip of his tongue, the words never spoken out loud now heavier than ever between them. - I could have helped, even way back, when you and Tash had all that mess with SHIELD, Icould have helped with the fallout. I could have done something. I could have done more. I always did everything for the team. For you Steve. - he broke down. His voice cracking and he looked down, hiding his face from the camera, trying to compose himself.
It was ok, he didn't need to say anything. - I love you Tony, and I'm not going to walk away again. I'm not going to let you go. - he promised.
Silence again. It was kind of ironic, how back then they couldn't shut up and now they couldn't speak. But he had stayed silent for too long. He had kept his feelings close to his chest, guarded, when he should have kept Tony there, in his heart, in his arms. He wanted to shout it from the rooftops, he wished he could be that guy, be there to kiss him. To finally kiss him. To feel Tony come undone between his fingers, just as he had dreamed for months. He was Tonys and he would make Tony his again. - I'm coming home Tony - he looked right into the chocolate eyes of the man that had given him everything without asking for anything in return. - and I'm fixing this. I'm getting you back. -
- And why didn't you?! - Tony shouted, the rag that had been forgotten in the table now in his hands, searching for something to anchor him to the now, to stop him from spiraling down.
He waited. And waited. And waited. Nervously, he looked at the clock displayed on the hologram, a couple of minutes had passed. He could wait. He would wait. Hours, days, weeks if needed.
Tony saw it, saw the frustration and longing in those blue eyes. The clear blue of the sky, the faint glow of his arc reactor. His hand raised too, instinctively trying to hold the others hand and he too only felt the distance. The emptiness. They stayed silent for a couple of minutes. Looking at each other. Noticing the subtle changes they had had during these months apart and Tony would be lying if he denied that he too missed the supersoldier. But now there was so much between them. The distance, the lies, the secrets and people. There was other people too now. -I don't want it like this. I don't want it to be like this. I loved you Steve. I did. - he finally said. It broke his heart all over again.
- Steve - he gasped. He had waited so long to hear those words. To feel that burning blue eyes fixated on him. To feel loved by him. But a tiny voice in his head told him it was too late. Tony was done waiting, he was done wanting. He was done with Steve. He touched his lips, still tingling where Stephen had just kissed him. And where Steve was soft and sweet behind closed doors, hugs in the dark and barely-there kisses on the temple when no one was looking, the sorcerer was fire, he was long conversations over a cup of coffee in the common room at broad daylight. He was loving touches out in the open, hand-holding on galas and fundraisers. And he was tired of hiding. He was tired of being Steves secret. He wanted to be Stephens declaration. A statement loud and clear to the world.
- Because I've been stupid. Because I'm sorry. Because I want you back Tony. I want everything. I want you. - his hand reached to the hologram and went right through it, nothing but air between his fingers. He clenched his fists in anger, frustrated by the distance. Distance that he had put between them. Distance that Tony hadn't tried to breach either.
-You are aware that you will have to sign the Accords Mr. Rogers?- the king had asked as they walked through a concurred corridor, he led Steve into one of the conference rooms they had in the palace.
-Stephen?- the Sorcerer asks, incredulous. It has been a while since Tony called him by his name. -What happened?- uneasiness rolling on his stomach.
- No Tony! NO, It's not like that!! It was never like that!! Bucky and I, we are not like that. He was the only thing I had left from my past. He was the only one I had in this time. -
-Tony?- he called, loud and sure of himself, he squared his shoulders and looked right at the engineer, ignoring completely the dark eyes of the other man. He felt a kind of sick satisfaction when he finally looked at him, shock in his eyes.
- Yes, yes I did. I called Vision. I called Pepper. We weren't even out of that damned place when I was making sure someone was coming for you Tony. And it broke me. It broke me because I wanted to stay. To take you in my arms and make sure you were ok. -
Tony shook his head, carefully avoiding looking at Steve in the screen. And he wanted to talk, to let this Stephen-guy know he was there. He was there in Tonys' life and perhaps still in his heart. His words however didn't come, his tongue felt dry as those scarred hands moved up and down on the geniuses arms, a motion meant to be comforting. He wasn't going to just stand aside. He loved Tony. He did with everything he had and he was going to get him back.
He motioned with his hand to the hologram to start and a screen appeared in front of him, three dots appearing in the black screen as the dialing tone started ringing in the speakers in front of him.
He took a long breath, steadying his heart. He had to do what was right. He had to talk to Tony. Apologize and beg, if it came to that. He wonders where it all went to hell.
Horrified, Tony put his hands down, the hand repulsors disappearing into his skin - I can't Steve. I can't anymore. - he said, a sad broken thing that Steve was sure he could only hear due to the serum and his enhanced hearing. The mechanic in the screen hugged himself, rubbing his own arms as if seeking heat, comfort.
The anticipation he felt related specifically to Tony, though, was so intense and had taken such a long time to unfold that it was starting to become a paralytic rather than a motivator. Steve didn’t realize it had gotten quite so bad until that morning. He had started to clean off the surface of the island in his kitchen, speculating that perhaps he and Tony would end up on his floor rather than the penthouse once their date had ended. (The penthouse was for all intents and purposes a common level now, and then team would have absolutely no shame about waiting for Steve and Tony to come back from the gala.)
As fantasy-Tony adjusted his position to hover over the dildo, real-Tony began fucking himself in earnest. This time he didn’t bother restraining his moan, too busy pressing back against his fingers and then up into his fist while he imagined being watched by a hungry set of eyes.
We leave the team in a better place than we found them, and with big events on the horizon. It's the end of you great unfinished symphony (you sent for me)!
Steve arrived at therapy feeling almost cocky. In the past 48 hours he had scened with one of his partners, an involved, incredible scene that Nat had texted to inform him Thor had been dopey with subtonin over all day; then yesterday he had made it through an entire conversation with Tony. More than that, he’d actively helped Tony with several portions of his contract that had been giving him trouble. Sure it had been difficult at times to be on the outside of that dynamic, but maybe that would be changing soon too.
“You don’t gotta convince me, man. Fuck that’s gorgeous.” Clint had made his way into the living room to stare hungrily down at Tony, whose lazy gaze finally found his. The smile he gave Clint when he finally registered his presence was wide and toothy, and Clint grinned back. “Hey there, sugar cookie. Aren’t you so sweet, hmm? You bein’ a good boy for Bruce?” Tony ducked his head, hiding his face against Bruce’s leg as both Dominants chuckled. The rest of the team was in motion, assembling food and drinks and blankets and anything else Tony could conceivably want.
“That’s what the cross-training is for. Wakanda has a system for training subs and Doms to be able to move between multiple orientations depending on context. Princess Shuri is a submissive, and T’Challa is a submission-inclined Switch, but neither of them has any trouble using Dominance in their day jobs. The Wakandans won’t release details about how it works until the agreement is finalized, but it’s a combination of social and medical interventions; they’re completely harmless and entirely reversible, and they allow people some degree of choice over their headspace.”
“Yes, Clint.” The other man rewarded this particular response by trailing a slow finger down Tony’s spine, hard enough not to feel like a tickle but gentle enough to have Tony pressing back into the touch, seeking more.
“Where’s your favourite place you’ve ever travelled to?” Tony nearly applauded himself. It was such a
Partner and I found a house and are moving in this weekend, so comment replies and #AskStrange responses might be a bit delayed. But they are coming, I swear! Your comments, kudos and questions continue to be a singular delight; I couldn't ask for better readers. Have a wonderful weekend, y'all!
He’d been light and careful with the crop the night before; despite Tony's skepticism, Steve really had done little more than warm him up, so he was unsurprised to find Tony’s skin unmarked. Well, not entirely; there were two bruises forming on his shins, and Steve had no idea how those had gotten there. His hole would probably be a little tender, too, Steve should check again for any tearing or—
I owe dixiehellcat a debt of gratitude. Natasha is SO HARD TO WRITE sometimes, and I was super blocked but being stubborn about trying to finish before I let myself do anything else. Then she invited me to read the latest few chapters of her own work, and not only was that fun and excellent, but the break also helped re-set my brain, and allowed me to get this chapter out on time when it really didn't look like I was going to. Thanks, dixie!
“I should have realized. He never explicitly said, but he didn’t correct me or anyone else when we assumed that he was doing some long-distance Domming with other members of the team. It’s not perfect, that kind of thing, but it’s enough to get us all by on long-term missions.
It wasn’t until a tight, crisp set of knocks landed on the heavy wooden door to his rooms that he even glanced at the clock on the nearest wall. What he saw produced a sharp inhalation that didn’t manage to satisfy Steve’s suddenly burning lungs at all; it was nearly noon. (Not now, it couldn’t be starting already.) Steve bid the man carrying a heavily-laden lunch tray entrance in a voice that barely sounded like his own. From the thick leather gambeson he wore, ornately designed to illustrate numerous military victories, delivering Steve’s meal was rather below his pay grade. But the soldier appeared to have no problem with it, arranging Steve’s plate and cutlery with as much care and attention to detail as if the task were far more significant. Only when the food was laid out on Steve’s table to his satisfaction did the man turn to address Steve directly.
to adore the guy, but he was also somewhat of an expert at dodging Phil when the situation called for it. (Typically it involved the words ‘okay, this looks bad.’) He could figure this one out.
“No, Ms. Parker. My name is Tony Stark—which I know you’re not going to believe, and I can give you any kind of proof you need later. But I wanted to let you know that Peter is here, and that he’s safe.” The quiet sound of a bell chiming preceded the loss of almost all of the other ambient noise; she seemed to have stepped inside a shop or something, which meant that there was no distracting from how absolutely lethal May sounded when she demanded,
Tony made a jagged, broken noise. But he didn’t voice a single word of argument, and that was all the confirmation Steve really required. (He wanted Tony, would always want Tony, but he wasn’t who or what Tony needed now.) Rhodes tightened his grip on his friend and nodded just once. If Steve wasn’t mistaken there was a respect in the man’s expression that he’d never earned from Rhodes before.
“Yeah whatever. Let’s just get some pizza or something. There has to be somewhere that will deliver out here, right?”
“It’s too hard on him to be on his knees for long stretches; he limped through most of yesterday, and I’m not having him in pain like that again,” Clint explained calmly. “We’re in the middle of a conversation about alternative postures. Ooh, did you bring food from that place on Bleeker?” Tony’s angry flush grew darker at the way Clint casually moved between topics, as if their disagreement was equally concerning to him as their lunch plans. (It wasn’t a tactic Steve would have used, but then he and Clint had always been different Dominants. Clint courted conflict and resistance from his subs in ways that often seemed pointless on the surface, drawing them out by turning himself into a temporary antagonist.)
“Don’t debase both of us further by lying,” Thor snapped, hurt and anger at Steve rather than at himself colouring his tone for the first time. Steve pressed a soothing kiss to the back of his neck, then turned it into just enough of a bite to ensure he had Thor's full attention.
The others called out greetings as she stepped inside the room. The space was really coming together now, offering an elegant mix of opportunities for both comfort and experimentation. It wouldn’t have worked for the other Tony, and that truth made the permanent ache near her ribs that would always be his absence twinge, but the thought mostly brought about relief. If this didn’t demonstrate unequivocally to this Tony that they knew and valued him on his own terms, nothing would.
Peter had long since given up figuring out how it was that Gwen was able to move so quickly and quietly. However, the pained expression on her face when she moved to sit down across from him was entirely new. He frowned, wondering whether to broach that subject or his grovelling first. Remembering how irritated Aunt May used to get when she felt like Uncle Ben was trying to rugsweep a mistake he’d made, Peter went for the latter.
The movement of Steve’s hips slowed instead, and even Tony had been alarmed to find himself nearly sobbing. Steve, of course, was almost inconsolable. But at that point, at least, he’d been frantic to give Tony whatever he needed, which included not discussing the matter any more that night. He’d held Tony close and let him sob, stroking his hair and murmuring soothing nonsense.
Tony wanted to protest, in a kind of submissive-allies kind of way, the idea of Natasha being punished for something that had clearly been the result of bad communication more than anything else. But then he saw the way her eyes closed again, this time with something that seemed to resemble relief. (Bruce had this. Whatever this was, Bruce was just as capable of making sure that Natasha and Clint got what they needed as he was when it was Tony on that bench.)
I don't think there's any content notes needed for this one. There are mentions of asexuality and sex work, but both in supportive contexts; the third ask also contains a reference to the potential intersections of religion, sexuality and orientation. I should warn that all of these particular responses are more informative in nature; a vision may be posted later in the week (depending on whether it ends up in the main chapter or not during editing, to be honest!) As always, let me know if you have any questions or concerns.
Phil and the rest of the team support Steve in the aftermath of his intensive therapy session. Tony and Clint enjoy their first scene together.
For once, it was a boon that there was a permanent gaggle of reporters camped outside SI’s headquarters. He made small talk with them for a couple of moments, answering mostly inane questions about Steve and how he and Tony were ‘settling in.’
the suit, J,” he sighed. “Well played, Pep.” The next thing he knew, Rescue was lifting Tony off his feet and depositing him on top of the bench that had just nearly given him a concussion. None of the bots made even a noise of protest. (Damn, he really had pissed off all his allies here, hadn’t he?) “Holy shit, Pep, what the hell?”
How could he not, though? Rhodes’ style of Dominance was like nothing Steve had ever really seen before. For the others, including Steve himself, non-sexual Domination was part of a broader whole, but Rhodes took a clear and deep fulfillment from those interactions all on their own. He was brilliant, which Steve knew on an abstract level (the guy was a literal rocket scientist after all), but where Tony could never stop himself from showcasing his genius, Rhodes was so controlled and strategic about deploying his own that it almost lulled a person into a false sense of security. He felt like just another one of the guys, right up until the moment where he swerved and did something you could never have predicted, like getting Tony to cook or to
“Sam! You bastard, are you aging in reverse or some shit? Or is it the lack of proximity to this one,” Clint pointed to Steve, who rolled his eyes, “that has you all dewey-skinned and fresh-faced?”
Tony considered this for a long time. He spent so long blaming individual players—Steve, mostly, though Bucky and Wanda and Clint also made the occasional appearance—that he hadn’t really put a lot of thought into how far back the dysfunctional dynamics between them all stretched back. Steve had been self-righteous and hypocritical, yes, and he had also been painfully young and broken, asked to lead a team of equally volatile and damaged people when he could barely figure out how to put one foot in front of the other in a new century. Coulson’s death had brought them all together, yes, but more trauma had hardly been enough to keep them that way long term.
He and Dr. Domen had covered this numerous times by now, but it still hurt to admit it aloud to someone beyond the team. Still, if his apology was to be more than words, they needed to start by letting Pepper (and to a lesser extent Rhodes) in.
Someone mentioned last chapter that it felt like the team had been apart for ages, and I kind of agree! I hope their reunion felt good to you all.
Tony nodded, stealing another spoonful of ice cream as he surveyed the scene. Most of the techs were gathered around a screen that depicted someone (or something, he concluded quickly based on the environment) moving through some very sludgy water. Every few moments, a series of readings would appear in one corner; the bot (and it was a bot, there was no way a human would be safe to interact directly with this kind of environment) was moving through a positively toxic mixture of salts, acids, benzene, residual bitumen and hydrocarbons.
Like many things related to so-called ‘True’ Dominance and submission, there are elements of truth and mythos woven together. Popular representation would suggest that all Trues need to give or receive regular punishment. Now, to some extent it’s accurate that those ranked at the more extreme ends of the spectrum do tend to require correction as a part of their regular routines. However, the form of that correction can vary among Trues just as widely as among any other orientations. (For instance, correction does not have to be physical or sexual, and it is definitely not accurate that all True submissive require more intensely painful punishments, or that all True Dominants prefer delivering such correction.)
Steve had no desire to ever interfere in or dictate the terms of Tony’s relationship with Peter, but he also wanted to ensure that his partner had enough time to make a decision that he wouldn't come to regret. So he said the first thing that came to mind (which was the first thing his own Ma, or Bucky’s, would have said.)
“Seriously, Brucie, you’re either going to feed me or I’m going to make off with that plate of desserts and not be seen for several days. Make up your mind and do it quickly.”
Fully prepared for a teenage show of temper and defiance, the last thing Tony expected to spend his evening doing was comforting that same teenager through something resembling a panic attack. The kid asked dozens of questions, primarily about the measures Tony was taking to protect himself from the brother of the woman who had killed the other version of himself. While it was humbling to see the kid’s layers of defenses fall so quickly and completely away at the thought of something happening to Tony, it mostly made Tony feel almost frantic to set things right again.
“Not this time, sugar cookie. Let’s just get you back in bed and we’ll talk more tomorrow, alright?”
Nearly all of them were like that. Steve could have stared a bingo card of the major themes that came up in each and every message: the workplace is for work, cross-training is evil, you’re a True, don’t you know? The boldest of them even brought up Tony directly, ‘reminding’ Steve that his own submissive hadn’t always embraced his orientation, but he’d been so happy once he did! Did Steve really want to deny that kind of healing journey to others?
Tony’s skin was still a hypersensitive wall when Clint abruptly shoved into the bed behind him. It was the first time he’d been able to feel more than the other man’s hand since the whole thing had started, and Tony pressed backward gratefully, making needy, whining sounds that were raw and wrecked even to his own ears.
SHIELD’s director, when Tony finally dared to look at him, appeared as if he’d aged several lifetimes in the span of a few minutes. Then he leapt gracelessly to his feet, nearly tripping over the coffee table and careening briefly into Natasha, who reached out and steadied him with Thor’s help.
“You alright there, sugar cookie?” Clint had teased, running his fingers through the unruly thatch of curls at the base of Tony’s neck. (God his hair looked so good longer. Steve couldn’t wait to get his own fingers in it.)
“No one doubts that Tony Stark was a good man, Steve. Or any of the folks you knew in the 40s, either. But they were all people—fallible, imperfect people. You aren’t sullying their memories by recognizing that.”
This Stark’s issues with food are certainly a major distinction, as Bruce Banner has alluded to. James Barnes has also noted that the previous version of Stark was more inclined towards anger and an occasionally vicious temper than the one from the so-called MCU.
Loathe as I may generally be to explore Stark’s psyche, even I can admit that I can see the appeal of his dynamic with Rogers at the current moment. Enjoy, poster!
want my help. I’ll do the dishes okay? Or I’ll hire someone to do them. Either way, look, they’re gonna get done, alright?”
“Not today, Captain Tightass. My employers are extremely generous, and they want to see the job done right. It’s so good to have corporate sponsorship, don’t you think? You ever thought about going branded?” He threw his replica of Steve’s own shield (which was never going to stop bothering Steve, no matter how many times the team pointed out its inferiority.) Steve dodged, and watched as the offending copy ricocheted off the wall and toward the Hulk. Which, God help it if it connected. (Maybe Steve would finally be rid of the thing after all.)
"Damn, of course you are. I’m sorry, Tony. I think after everything you had been through we were all focused on trying to make sure you got a break. But I should have realized…” He shook his head. “Did you have something in mind?”
“I’m not a fortune teller, Stark. I can tell you the outcomes of any particular path, but even now there are a multitude of ways this conversation might play out, all of which have various benching webs of consequences that follow.”
They kind of exploded their way into the bedroom, the door colliding loudly with the wall. Dummy, who had apparently been the only one smart enough to wait for them on Steve’s floors rather than the penthouse, made an outraged beep. Steve babied the hell out of Dummy, so Tony fully expected this to be a distraction that took a quarter of an hour to resolve at least, but Steve barely stopped kissing Tony long enough to level a stern glare at the bot and then point toward the hallway. Dummy beat a hasty bath toward the living room, pausing only briefly to wag his claw in some kind of wave/salute thing that Steve apparently recognized enough to visibly struggle against his urge to smile in response.
Content Notes: This chapter follows almost immediately from the last MCU!Peter chapter, and as such is still dealing with the effects of underage drinking. You will probably want to give it a miss if that’s a trigger area, because it would be pretty hard to read around. Otherwise, no warnings I can think of!
“Occasionally they come in handy for some things. Like, for instance, when I ask them to store a whole shit ton of Stark weapons I recently captured—the last known major store of ‘em left anywhere in the world, in fact—without asking too many questions.”
The word pretty now instantly brought to mind the lacy underwear Clint had bought for him. Tony had barely had time to enjoy them before everything had gone down with Peter, but he’d still caught sight of them occasionally, sitting harmlessly among Tony’s regular underwear as if they didn’t send a slow shiver down his spine every time he spotted them.
Ah, an interesting question. The previous version of Stark had provided a brief outline of events related to Stave’s betrayal (that he had engineered Stark’s abduction and, when that failed, procured an arc reactor by force and attacked.) However, until the events outlined in the chapter from this week, no members of the team aside from Agent Coulson were familiar with the full details of those events.
“Okay. If that’s the case then I’m the one who decides on punishments, not you. So what I need from you right now is to tell me what happened that made you think you need discipline, and then I need you to trust me to take it from there.” Thor growled, and the skies outside the window darkened ever so slightly.
It hadn’t actually been Coulson’s idea, though he really should have thought of it. No, it had taken Bucky Barnes storming into Phil’s office a few weeks ago to set things in motion. Furious and devastated in equal measures, Barnes had ranted for close to an hour about learning that while his counterpart had still killed Howard and Maria Stark, Tony’s version of Steve had chosen not to inform of this fact, resulting in a physical altercation that had left Tony half dead at Steve’s hands.
“Ah, the energy shield. Yeah, of course you can. You can tell me if you have questions about it, too, though I wasn’t directly involved in that one. I’d like us to be sitting, though; JARVIS, can you transfer the data to a screen closer to the couch, please?” The hand at the base of Tony’s spine turned directive, exerting just enough pressure to lead him to the corner of the shop where the couch sat. “Before I go any further though, we’re going to need to have a brief conversation about boundaries. I’m familiar with the ones you’ve already established for the usual education sessions, but since this is a little more…experiential, let’s say, I need to know about any limits you have, specifically arout praise and pet names, and non-sexual physical affection.” Bemused, Tony shrugged.
“Alright. My mistake. Would you like to come back to the bedroom with me, Tony?” It was the kind of invitation he’d been waiting weeks for. He wanted to strip off right there in the living room for fuck’s sake, but Tony also wasn’t a genius for nothing.
“Don't worry about it, Big Guy. Intimate situation for you, literal apocalyptic-level dry spell for me, it happens. Doesn’t have to mean anything.”
He could have excused this frightening display of care and forethought as just a Coulson thing, except that they
“Oh yeah?” Clint’s eyes darted up briefly from his sketch, almost like he was afraid to spook Tony out of the disclosure by looking directly at him.
Making up for it the only way he could think of, Peter mumbled his thanks and then took a massive bite of pancake. It was thick and buttery and he could tell without even glancing toward the kitchen that the pan had been seasoned with bacon grease, just like it would have been if he was at home in Queens.
“You eaten yet?” Bruce asked, gesturing to the yogurt, fruit and granola he was now assembling in careful layers into several identical clear bowls. Tony blinked, the easy contentment of earlier fading slightly.
“It’s not petty. You don’t resent us for having something, you’re scared that you’re losing something, or that you’ll never get a chance to have it. I felt that way too, you know.”
The whole thing, Tony would always insist, would never have even happened in the first place if Sunset fucking Baine hadn’t been at the fundraiser. It was his first public event since being outed as a sub, so the whole thing was charged and shitty enough without having his ex girlfriend walk in all cat-9 and covered in leather. He’d tried to refuse her a dance, but she’d bet (correctly) on the fact that he hadn’t told the team anything about her; when she’d ‘shyly’ requested to cut in on Steve's dance with Tony, Cap had been more than willing to hand him off.
“Oh honey no, no I’m not angry at all. I’m just…I’m surprised, and trying to think, and I’m not always good at doing that out loud the way you are, especially because I’m also extremely turned on right now.” Tony’s cock pulsed hopefully between his thighs, and he bit his lip before uncrossing his legs again, letting them dangle over the edge of the bench. Bruce raked his eyes over Tony with unapologetic interest, and Tony felt himself harden further under the regard.
Content Notes: Now that Steve's back in the Tower, we'll occasionally start to see more explicitly sexual interactions between the team. That includes this chapter, which involves a scene between Steve and Phil. Specific warnings for that scene include what might be read by some as a forced and/or unintentional orgasm. (Phil is attempting to avoid orgasm in a particular situation because he would prefer it happen differently, but Steve makes it nearly impossible for him to hold off.) There's also impact play involving the use of a belt.
“Better,” Steve said honestly. The bath would help too, he knew. All that skin to skin contact, plus the opportunity to make Tony clean and comfortable would cut through most of his remaining worry and discomfort. If he managed to get some food into Tony afterward Steve would probably be back pretty close to baseline. “I’m really sorry. I didn’t know this would happen, it’s been forever since I dropped that hard.”
Clint winked when James looked over at him. James maintained his serious gaze for another minute and then he pressed a kiss to Clint’s forehead. He stayed there, touching his forehead to Clint’s.
“One day that could be nice,” he said, though he didn’t entirely see himself living the village life. He yawned, shifting, and he gasped in pain, his hand going to his side. “It’s fine,” he quickly told Tony. “I just moved wrong.” He was feeling heavier and heavier, exhaustion threatening to take him more so than sleep. He wasn’t sleepy, he was tired. Two very different states of being.
Back at the office, Steve paced behind his desk, hands clasped together behind his back. He was waiting for the call. He knew—he wasn’t sure how but he knew—that Clint and Natalia were with James. He knew they would probably tell James what had happened. He also knew James was going to be furious but it was a consequence he was willing to endure because the longer James didn’t tell him, the more important this felt.
Tony bit back a sigh. He liked hearing him talk and it helped but there were just so many words to hear and react to. Still he hummed every now and then, indicating that he was still listening. While Steve was talking about Ireland he remembered the summer in Italy—the memories that had been from so long ago they must have been altered in his mind. He remembered the bright and warm sun, many people talking and laughing, some music in the background. And then he saw a flash of Howard’s face and the blood spatter behind his head. Tony opened his eyes in shock and sat up straight.
“I realize,” Steve began, “that I’m not as kind to you as I could be.” Clint snorted before he could stop himself and Steve gave him a small smile.
“I don’t do inactivity well,” he said, leaning his head back. The doctors said he had another four weeks. When he tried to protest, Sarah had all but threatened him so he shut up. “Four weeks is an awfully long time to do nothing.”
Steve woke up in a cold sweat, covering his face with his hands and breathing in and out slowly to calm his racing heart. He wasn’t sure how many it had been but if he had to guess he would say that was somewhere around the thirtieth nightmare he had had about Tony. That one had even involved Clint.
James turned around and tucked in his shirt, grabbing a tie. His expression was its usual blank default and he nodded in agreement with Steve’s last statement and then he smiled.
“Well, I mean there’s also food. And music. Sometimes people just come in to talk and don’t even order anything. You can sit at the bar and chat with me or one of my other bartenders or have your own little group at a booth or table. Owning a bar is kind of like having a party at your house every night. It sounds exhausting, and sometimes it can be, but it’s mostly fun. For me at least.”
The night had brought with it nightmares, which weren’t unexpected. Clint had lashed out and cried for people James didn’t know. Army friends, he figured, but didn’t ask in case it made the situation worse.
have to worry about liking each others’ friends since they were already acquainted. Even Chief Fury had signed off on the relationship after meeting Tony one morning when he brought bagels.
Tony thought about giving Mr Rogers a call, seeing as Howard had left earlier. Having a way with numbers, he'd  memorized it from the piece of paper and called it.
“Uh.” Tony thought about it for a second. Steve said he had a great time. They kissed for a few minutes at the door after Steve had gotten dressed again. Tony had his number but Steve had his as well and technically Tony asked him out so it was Steve’s turn if they were going to do things that way, that is.
The first time Tony was aware something might be going terribly wrong it was confusing as hell, since everything seemed to be going…well, more than alright. Natasha was on top of him, riding Tony’s cock and the toy she’d attached to him with flawless ease. The entirety of her small, powerful frame glistened with a fine layer of sweat as he watched her thighs, the same thighs he’d seen his own Natasha incapacitate many a bad-guy with, ripple as she raised herself up high enough that Tony nearly slipped out of her, and then slid smoothly back down, enveloping him in wet heat once more. Every movement was patient, precise and calculated, as if no force on Earth could have distracted Natasha, or made her move a single muscle before it was exactly what she intended.
I should note that in recent decades, there have been broader challenges to the ranking system. Those identifying as ‘un-oriented’ (analogous to an asexual mode of identification in other universes) have begun to rally around calls for legalizing a ‘0’ classification. Trans-oriented individuals, or those whose hormonal make-up is strongly unaligned with their psychosocial orientation, are also lobbying for a change to the classification system that privileges self-identification and makes mandatory hormonal testing optional.
“He shouldn’t have been alone.” Natasha herself had seemed surprised by her words, and the fierceness of the outburst; given that it was the first time Coulson had ever seen any kind of emotion creep through when Natasha was in mission-mode, he couldn’t blame her. But it left Phil feeling warm and satisfied to see such concrete evidence that Natasha was growing attached to Tony, protective even.
Steve battered heavy bags in the gym until his knuckles bled. With how heavily Tony had reinforced them, this took much more doing than it used to, and he wondered with a clinical kind of disinterest if he’d managed to break one or more of the bones. JARVIS announced Rhodes’ and the team’s arrival just as he was wrapping them up, though his lingering discomfort was probably evident based on the exasperated glare Coulson shot his way. (Bruce, Steve noted, was absent, and he was probably lucky for that.) He didn’t wait for Rhodey to speak, wasn’t in the mood for pleasantries even with a man whose company he genuinely enjoyed.
“So, Mr. Parker. Tell me about a challenge you have encountered and how overcoming it has shaped your personal and educational journey.” The rebuff, if that’s even what it was, was a gentle one. Gwen’s usual cheeky grin was firmly in place, and when Peter answered the practice question, she listened with her usual focused attention. She even asked follow ups which felt more personal than any actual decathlon interviewer would have posed, and he found himself talking more candidly than he ever had with anyone but Ned.
“…perhaps.” Steve rearranged them so that they sat back to back. It felt a little absurd, but not being able to see Thor sort of had the effect Steve had heard sometimes happened when one of a person’s senses was removed: the others became hyperaware, as if to compensate. He felt intensely conscious of the pace and sound of Thor’s breathing, the delicate sniffs that indicated he might be near tears. Steve felt Thor’s shoulders shake as his partner murmured,
“Maybe…maybe this time I will be. For long enough to make sure that Tony’s kid is going to be alright, anyway. I owe him that much, don’t you think?”
It was a lofty, ambitious goal, and one it would likely take a long while to reach. For now, Phil returned his attention to the more immediate concerns of the distressed submissive at his feet. Rejecting Tony now and reminding him that his Dominants could easily provide for themselves without his assistance would be the wrong track, he knew that instinctively. But so too would anything that would play too heavily to the dynamics they’d just been experimenting with. Some kind of middle ground, then, a way for Tony to still serve without feeling too overtly used.
“Name Toomes ring any bells?” Tony was rarely still except in sleep or deep subspace, but he hadn’t moved a single inch on the couch after sitting up when Peter’s arrival had been announced. The position gave Peter the higher ground, forcing Tony to look up at the kid which he normally avoided at all costs. That combined with Tony’s unusual stillness forced an air of calm into a conversation which constantly threatened to turn into something explosive. Steve had been the Director of SHEILD for long enough to recognize the de-escalation moves for what they were, but he’d never expected to see Tony so aptly modelling them.
“I’d assumed you’d want me naked,” he commented, mainly trying to redirect his own attention away from the scrap of fabric in his hands. “I mean, they usually—”
Steve studied Phil for several seconds longer, then laid his head on Phil’s shoulder with a weary sigh.
“No, it’s not—I’m thrilled he’s here. That you’re both here. It’s—really neurotic, even for me. Go back upstairs. I’ll try to find some wine somewhere else in this damn Tower to spare my pride and be up there in a minute.”
Those of you keeping up with Dr. Strange's responses to questions will already know the background that Steve will be thinking about regarding Sam Wilson, but a warning for those who haven't: it concerns mentions of harassment based both on race and orientation. (If you want to skip this, stop reading at the paragraph that begins "And then Tony had died..." and pick it up two paragraphs later, the paragraph beginning "You're really not the best friends, are you?"
Steve couldn’t recall what, if anything, Tony had actually been looking at, or if he’d had any holoscreens open at all. The next thing he knew, Tony had sprung to his feet mouthing a word Steve didn’t quite catch, and then exited the office in a quiet whirlwind.
“Is there anything else I need to know to be able to safely care for your body, Tony? Any other pre-existing conditions, major traumas? I know this is hard, and you’re doing really damn well.” The same part of Tony that had practically come at the very thought of being called a good boy was in raptures at what he sensed was a rare piece of praise from Clint. He suddenly felt a whole lot more naked, and made to adjust his posture, mask at least some part of himself from Clint’s sharp and knowing stare. Just like in his fantasy, retreat wasn’t an option.  In seconds, Clint’s hand was at his hip, pressing him just slightly into the couch in a silent warning.
“So what happened up there? Was it a little weird to actually get the thing you wanted, Peter showing up and everything? It wouldn’t mean you don’t care for him if that’s the case.”
Steve watched Tony take it all in. He tried to imagine it through the eyes of someone for whom orientation hadn’t been a fundamental shaping force, but that kind of…what had Domen called it, denaturalization? It was harder than it sounded, just as challenging as envisioning a world without water or touch or the bright warmth of the sun.
I in fact answer to both. I reject only the most absurd of Stark’s numerous nicknames. And my evening is going quite well, thank you for inquiring.
Would it ever be enough, just one more look at Peter, at Rhodey, at Pepper or Cap or Nat (god he hoped Nat was there)? Tony had an addictive personality, after all, was he really strong enough to see all of what he’d loved best about his home universe and then leave them behind forever? Was that even what he wanted to do?
“I trust you. More than anyone. And this…” he gestured down to the housing unit glowing in his palm. “I gave this to another you, once. I told him to use it to hide from what was coming, because I knew we’d already lost and I wanted to hurt him as badly as he’d hurt me. I want to give it to you because you’ve given me hope. I don’t have to be Iron Man here, you’ve made good on that promise, made me feel like the rest of me matters. Is worth something.”
The hammer thing, at least, turned out to be true, though the alternative was in some ways just as terrifying: Bucky climbed down off a perch carrying what looked to be a Chitauri-hybrid weapon. He kept his distance from Tony, the way he seemed to know (or had maybe been told) he had to, but the sight was still disconcerting to say the least.
“Don’t work him up after everything we just did to get him calmed down, Clint,” Phil chided. Then, without warning or any disclaimer at all, he reached forward and took Tony’s balls in his hands. The pressure was so light it was practically non-existent, but the entire area was so sensitive that the intensity was immediate and consuming.
“Tony kind of…broke. None of us know exactly what happened, he was with Pepper and Rhodes and even they don’t seem to completely understand exactly what pushed him over the edge. But he had what sounds like a breakdown, both of which lead to panic and subsequent challenges with food.”
“That’s not how this goes, Tony. You don’t play us against each other like that. If you have a concern with something Clint is doing, you take it up with Clint. You only go to someone else if your Dominant is doing something dangerous like refusing to respect your safe words or hear your concerns. Is anything like that happening right now?” Chastened, Tony shook his head, though stubborn defiance still ran through every line of his body. Whatever they were struggling over, Clint was going to have a hell of a fight on his hands.
Now, though, I’m inclined to think that Tony was simply ahead of his time. Since his return, he has been repeatedly vocal in his critiques of the coverage of so-called ‘True’ orientations, and particularly the frequent erasure of the other partners in his relationship. He also spoke out against the regressive politics of groups like CNOW, which seek among other things to roll-back the limited protections and recognition that trans-oriented and un-oriented peoples have made in favour of a return to ‘traditional’ models.
Before Peter could even register that bizarre transition, the girl he’d seen in the video with the starred tee and tiny shorts had blasted off from the ground a few feet away. She appeared to be capable of independent flight, and she was
“Of course I will. You fell asleep before I could give you much aftercare, so I thought the wake-up might be a little rough. Tell me what you need.” He drew in a long breath, praying vaguely to anyone who might be listening that this wasn’t about to blow up in his face. Then he pointed at the dresser.
“Are you okay to talk a bit about last night?” Steve asked as he drew Tony’s foot into his lap for a combination wash and massage that had his head wanting to tip back again. The thought of having to actually formulate words made Tony vaguely pouty, but JARVIS had told him that debriefing a scene helped some Dominants through their drop. (Steve needed him. He could do this for Steve.) “Can you tell me something you liked?”
“Don’t worry about the results, Thanos. We’ll have them in due time, trust me.” Obadiah was hyper aware of his partner-in-tech-crime’s penchant for abrupt bouts of anger. Often, he did his best to avoid a possible tirade. But today, he could hardly stand the way he was being treated; he was going out on a limb while Thanos sat tinkering at his desk.
Peter banged on it a few times, perhaps a habit he had picked up from watching Tony work in his lab over the years. Peter then walked around the robot a few times, his head bobbing up and down as he scanned for any faults in the robot’s circuity before turning around with a thumbs up at his dad. Tony reciprocated the gesture as Peter ran back over to stand next to him.
“Hey, Pep,” he began, drawing out Pepper’s shorter nickname, “this is super short notice, but are you busy tonight? Something came up and I need someone to watch Peter for me for a few hours…” Tony trailed off, fully expecting Pepper to tell him to fuck off.
Tony watched Rhodey’s face morph into that all-too-serious expression that Tony swore to god Rhodey only reserved for him.
“Yeah…you’re right…” Steve nodded slowly as he rose from the sofa to stand with Bucky. Bucky let Steve walk ahead of him before sighing heavily again.
“So…” Shuri zoomed into the image with her free hand, “there’s something about an external device, which I originally thought was just the chip that I embedded the failsafe codes in but I don’t think it applies now…the notation was something about…another function in the device…but I’m not too sure…”
Steve was riding the subway back to Brooklyn. He needed some alone time before going back to the Tower to have dinner with Peter and Tony. Tony had sent Steve a message offering him a ride, but Steve declined; he knew he would end up confronting Tony and he was still struggling with how to cope with Tony rejecting him.
“…I don’t know how to bring it up because he’ll just get all weird and sentimental. I just want him to know that he can split his time between his friends and Tony…that’s all…when they were fighting, that was the most I had seen Steve in a while…”
Steve grinned back; he knew Tony was joking but something about the offer was obviously appealing. However, he was afraid of misreading the proposal as sincere when it was obvious, well to him anyway, that Tony had to be teasing him.
As they danced, Steve drew Tony close to his body; the atmosphere between them drowning out the ambient noise surrounding them. Tony placed a hand on Steve’s chest, caressing him lightly before looking up at him slightly as Steve simultaneously looked downward at him.
“Uh, yes. That was just…a friend of mine is in charge of my kid today and he was just updating me on their whereabouts…” Tony explained, stumbling.
. Please arrive at Stark Industries in the Research and Development department at 8am. There will be a security pass for you in the lobby.
Tony thought about Steve during the entire board meeting instead of paying attention to the agenda which included some paltry events and more Synergy close out.
“MMMMMmmmmmmMMM!” The robot let out again as the arc reactor glowed strangely. But before anyone could react, the robot turned swiftly to the side, knocking into the table next to it.
Steve sighed, but he was relieved that he wouldn’t have to lie to Tony about May answering the phone. “We’re fine…I’m just calling…” he glanced at the bedroom door, “…I’m just calling to see how Peter’s doing…”
“Just trying to be open and honest.” Tony heard Steve behind him, but he pressed forward, trying to change the subject as they walked.
Peter sighed, but then he laughed. “But then you stopped it, so it evens out some how?” He shrugged with a nervous smile.
“So, we should go get a super late lunch. Then I’m thinking we should grab a drink after. Anyone else?”
Tony had his sunglasses on as he walked through the Morningside Campus of Columbia University. He waved at the student who recognized him but briskly quickened his pace to avoid getting caught signing autographs.
“Nothing happened…I…just wanted to let you know…” Tony looked downward before looking up at Steve, grimacing.
Tony hesitated before reaching across the table to take a hold of Pepper’s hand, which she accepted.
Tony’s eyes widened as he suddenly remembered firing several employees a while back who had been trading company secrets with rival companies.
“This, the Synergy device, will assist in that endeavor.” Fury pressed another button on his clicker which made the device pull apart in perfect unison. Everyone, except Tony and Fury, gasped as the pieces flew across the room.
“You called me ‘Mr. Stark’ the first time we officially met.” Tony gently reminded Steve of the team’s orientation day at Stark Industries.
Tony wondered to himself as he rode the elevator down to the lobby. After reaching the floor, Tony stepped out to walk to the private mailbox for the penthouse.
Steve and Tony looked at each other before staring at Strange who looked incredibly dumbfounded by the mysterious specs.
Sam wasn’t as careful with it as Steve had been when he first discovered the envelope that morning after his usual run. After some careful consideration, he decided to wait for Sam to get back from work so he wouldn’t be alone if it contained a letter of regret.
Steve leaned up against a counter. “Tony, we don’t have to do this now…you’ve been driving for a while…why don’t you take a break?”
Steve took his time straightening up as he watched the boys play their game. “Ned, do you have any allergies?” Steve asked as he limped to the kitchen sink to fill a water glass, “I’m planning to start dinner soon, but I wanted to make sure we didn’t make anything you’re allergic to.”
Bruce sighed as he removed his glasses. He turned slightly to look at Tony and Steve through the window.
Steve rolled his eyes at Tony before smiling at Peter. “I’m fine, Peter. Thank you for checking in on me.”
“Yeah. The blonde you said. So much life experience for a thirty-something. He should be interesting to get to know.” Rhodey nodded slightly as he continued to read through Steve’s file, never breaking eye contact with the folder.
“This is a significantly smaller version, so whatever is emanated stays composed. But I’m trying for something bigger.” Thanos responded as he turned around to exit the safety room.
Steve nodded back as he let Tony hug him against his body. Tony turned him over onto his back, moving on top of him as he kissed Steve deeply, feeling all along his body. Steve kissed Tony back, rubbing his backside as Tony pushed downward into his body.
Steve pushed downward even more before moving a hand to slip underneath the band of Tony’s briefs. He pulled the fabric down before doing the same with his own, rubbing Tony with his body.
Steve laughed as he tapped the tablet a few times to look through Bruce’s notes. “Well I appreciate that, too.” He turned slightly before addressing Bruce again.
Obadiah walked briskly out of the building as he pulled out his phone from the inside lining of his sports coat. He groaned to himself, realizing that he was receiving a call, and not one he was looking forward to.
“I have to make sure someone can watch Peter for me for a few hours, though.” Tony pulled out his phone, still smiling weakly. Steve wasn’t sure, but it looked like maybe Tony was grateful for the invite.
After finally breaking away from Thor, Tony rotated his shoulder a few times. “Of course, we are, Gandalf the
“You know, Natasha asked me the same thing.” Steve peered at the two as he took another sip out of his beer. He wondered if he should be worried that everyone kept asking him about Tony.
“Steve’s met Peter already, right?” Bruce asked. His question might have been innocent, but it was arresting to Tony.
Tony nodded as he followed Steve. “Maybe, Rogers. Although I’m trying to leave as quickly as possible…so over this press shit. I need a serious nap.”
After some time as the rest of the guests filtered in, the ambient noise hushed as music began playing. Everyone turned as they watch the bridal party walk through the space and up to the altar. Tony trained his eyes forward once Steve appeared, paired up with one of Shuri’s best friends before splitting apart to stand at the front on opposite ends.
As Steve spoke, Tony blinked a few times again, his brain suddenly piecing together a conversation he had a long time ago but one he had completely forgotten until now, sparked by Beyoncé’s voice.
Tony shook his head, stopping on the other side of the room with his hands on his hips. He then spun around with an outstretched arm, pointing to the door.
Obadiah paused again, resting one hand on his hip. “I’m doing the best that I can here. You should tell your father that.” He added curtly, clearly frustrated with the call.
Tony leaned backward as he crossed his arms. Maybe it wouldn’t be so terrible having such a distractedly good-looking person working closely with him every day. Steve might even turn out to be a horrible person and Tony would only have to work with him on a professional basis. He nodded to himself that that would probably be the case. Well that and Steve could probably have anyone. Why in the world would he be interested in Tony?
been caught up in the moment. Although he felt initially weird about pretending to be married to Tony, knowing that his more unreserved spy partner had suggested so in order to get a rise out of him, the thought had grown on Steve as the night progressed. Upset with himself for misreading the situation, Steve had thought that maybe the moment on the dance floor would serve as the perfect opportunity to show Tony how he truly felt. However, he had no idea Tony would react so poorly.
“I say this out of love and deep respect because you are one of my dearest friends,” Tony began with a deep sigh, “but slap my phone like that again and I’ll throw you out too, Banner.”
Tony watched Steve’s chest rise and fall with assistance from the ventilator. Tony wiped his eyes as he watched Steve, thinking about the first time they had used the Synergy device together. He waited, now thinking he should try to catch up on work before taking a break to read to Steve.
“Hey…” Tony inched closer toward Steve as the group slowly broke up after the photo, “I think I’m going to head back to our suite to chill for a bit…maybe do some work. Feel free to do your own thing, though.”
Steve backed away from the couch as Tony stood up. Tony walked toward him, but Steve kept backing away.
“And yet, he sprinted out of the penthouse like I was toxic waste.” Tony had turned his head to only retort his friend before looking upward at the ceiling.
Tony hummed back before quickening his pace along Steve’s cock, working with one hand and his mouth. Steve bucked upward slowly into Tony’s mouth until they were both in a good rhythm with each other. Tony kept going until Steve let out a muted cry, exhaling deeply as he came into Tony’s mouth. Tony waited before using his tongue to slide up Steve’s cock.
“Jesus, Captain Rogers. Pretend this is a top-secret military combat mission or something. I can’t have you being all loosey goosey on me.” Tony smiled upward at Steve, now holding on to him with his hands on Steve’s hips.
Steve turned his head slightly to see that Tony was standing behind him, holding two cups of coffee. He handed one to Steve with smile.
He bit his bottom lip and squeezed his eyes shut, just waiting for Tony to explode. But instead of righteous anger, all Steve heard was hysterical laughter.
Steve smiled as he pulled Tony even closer to his body. They made out before the elevator doors opened into their suite’s foyer. Steve reached out to hold the door open with one hand while still holding Tony at the waist.
Tony recoiled as he walked behind Steve back toward the elevator, watching Steve turn around to face him.
Bruce shook his head a few times. “What would make you say that? Why don’t you ask him? You may be pleasantly surprised.” He tried, attempting not to make it obvious that he had already discussed the trip with Steve.
“Fuck,” Tony swore as he pushed Steve up from his body then pulled him back down, “these are too difficult to open.”
“Have Ms. Potts sign it.” Bruce removed his eyeglasses to rub the bridge of his nose as he motioned toward the frightened intern to exit the conference room.
Tony sipped out of his coffee mug before placing it on his desk. “J.A.R.V.I.S., show me the specs to the Iron Man suit.”
It took some convincing, but Thor had persuaded Tony to let Loki meet with the team. Thor and Clint had blind folded Loki about an hour ago before escorting him to the premises so he was unaware of the location of the new lab.
Obadiah rose from the table. “Thank you for keeping us in the loop, my boy.” He began as he poured himself some more coffee.
Bruce nodded. Tony could tell that he wanted to ask for more detail, but eventually let it go. Tony knew that if he told any of his friends that Steve had told him that he loved him and he didn’t say it back, they would give him a lecture about his relationship patterns, and Tony didn’t have the mental capacity to deal with that and Synergy.
He sighed as he pinched the bridge of his nose. “Don’t we need him to do all the legal shit? Why would hanging out in my lab help him with that?”
Tony was sure he looked taken aback by Steve’s action, but it made him smile slightly. “Well, uh, thanks, Rogers. I can’t believe you remember something like that…”
Agent Coulson nodded before tapping a few times on his earpiece. He exited the room as he began talking to another agent.
“Please don’t tell me you’re weird about sharing beds.” Steve chuckled. He leaned over toward his bedside table to grab a book. Tony continued to stare for a moment longer before answering.
Tony turned to look at Steve watching everyone else. “Uh, you know, you might be right, Rogers.” He acquiesced.
Tony groaned as he ran a hand through his hair a few times before shrugging. He shuffled back and forth on his feet, trying to decide on what to say next: should he apologize? But then he wouldn’t find out the truth about Steve and Bucky because he knew Steve was keeping something from him. There was no way Steve was this nice and reasonable.
“Oh, uh…” Tony quickly followed him out of the café, reaching out a hand to stop him, “Steve, wait. I’m sorry.”
“This is obviously top secret and doesn’t leave this room…,” Tony paused, “…but I’ve got Banner and Shuri building a new device.”
It had been like this for the last few days. Whatever tension that had settled between them before had returned and Tony feared it was getting worse.
“Okay, enough of that. We need to figure out what we’re going to do for dinner before it gets too late.”
“Cap, just say that to him in person. I’m getting the feeling that’s all he wants…definitely sounds like he’s willing to listen now…”
“Hey, boss,” Happy interrupted what felt like forever between Steve and Tony smiling at each other, “I gotta get you back to the Tower for that board meeting.”
Steve nodded before breaking free from Tony’s grasp to place both hands on Tony’s face. He smiled downward at Tony before kissing him again which nearly caused Tony to melt all the way down into his shoes.
“Okay, here’s the deal...,” Fury began, producing a clicker to show the team some fuzzy footage of Thanos constructing his weapon at Hammer Industries.
Steve stepped toward Bucky and Tony. “Thanks for the invite, Buck, but I think Tony and I are planning to take it easy today—”
Sharon nodded, smiling as she firmly shook Tony’s hand. “It’s really nice to meet you, Mr. Stark. Your place is really nice by the way.”
“I think maybe around 5? We’re getting an introduction to the project then a tour of the facilities.” Steve answered before sipping his beer.
Tony grinned. He placed his tablet on the bedside table. And suddenly, as he leaned to the side with his arms crossed, there was that alarmingly charming smile of his.
Steve groaned loudly as he removed his hands from Tony’s shoulders. The two of them were sitting on Tony’s bed: Tony was on the edge with his legs hanging off the side and Steve was behind him giving him a massage.
Tony nodded as he helped Steve sit up in the bed. He walked over to the other side of the room to grab a wheelchair.
bad. I thought you wanted to play spy with me?” He grinned slyly, arms resting on either side of him.
Bucky sighed; he looked behind himself before facing the bed. “Sam should be here any minute. He had a deadline today and his boss is being a jerk about letting him leave early to see Steve.”
Steve wondered to himself as his ears strained even more without making it obvious he was eavesdropping.
He found a police officer near the entrance of the building, scratching her head as she communicated with her bomb team inside. Tony walked up to her with his hand outstretched, but she didn’t take it.
got this.” Steve turned to look at Tony who was still facing forward, but with his hand on his shoulder, waiting for the doctors to let them in.
“I-I was planning to take Peter to Central Park this weekend…would you like to join us for a picnic or something like that?” He offered meekly, although he still felt shaken up by their conversation.
As he listened to Steve, Tony choked back on that persistent sob that continued to form in the base of his throat whenever he become emotional about Steve. He nodded back a little too vigorously, looking downward and away from Steve.
“…I’m okay…” Tony let out quietly, “…I’ll be out in…a minute…” He waited, listening for Steve before sighing again.
He then kissed Steve one last time before shuffling off the bed. “Also,” he turned to face Steve, “I need to get a couple hours in the lab before the meeting today…or try to anyway.”
Steve shuffled around as Tony made a move to join him on the opposite side of the bed by practically climbing over him. As he felt Tony settle next to him, Steve let out an uncomfortable-sounding sigh.
Steve pulled out a stool next to the island. “Oh, did I tell you that Sam, Bucky, and I are planning to get a bigger apartment when Bucky accepts his new assignment?” He settled on the stool, seemingly unaware of the bomb he had dropped on Tony.
“Even in fucking death, Howard Stark is obsessed with his image.” Tony slowly added, still looking downward.
Tony started groaning as he leaned forward to kiss Steve before kissing the underside of his chin. He moaned some more as Steve felt that wet slick feeling between the two of them. Tony straightened up again, rocking forward faster, holding onto himself as he came.
“Tony, you need to let yourself enjoy things more often. You don’t want to introduce Steve to Peter because you’re already thinking—no
Then, without any warning, Tony slid an arm around Steve’s shoulder, which prompted the latter to blush right on cue.
“Rogers! Help me over here.” Steve turned to see that Clint was calling for him, crouching near a simulated woman who was holding her side and writhing in pain.
Steve took a moment before leaning inward to embrace Tony again, kissing him once more. They could hear the music playing inside the loft transition softly, leading Tony to start swaying with Steve. Steve pulled Tony closer to his body as they danced to the music together. After some time, as the song slowly wound down, Steve kissed Tony, taking his time, feeling him gently.
Steve stood paralyzed with horror as the whole scene unfolded before him. Should he wait to go in? Where would he wait? Should he make sure Tony didn’t accidentally kill himself? But before Steve could gather himself, he heard a couple knocks on the glass. It was Tony.
“Yes…the same floor with the device. No—but close enough…excellent…and he won’t be much of a problem…”
“Well, you’re my teammate. Your safety is important to me, Tony.” Steve’s expression was kind and innocent.
Both Steve and Tony looked at each other simultaneously, prompting a mutual smile. Steve’s face reddened as he looked away from Tony.
Tony managed to convince Fury and the team to keep the new revelations concerning Loki to themselves which included excluding the full executive committee. Tony hated keeping Pepper in the dark, considering everything she had done for him up until that point, but he was afraid that the information might leak to Obadiah who would then use it to his advantage.
Now Synergy was possibly being taken away from them and Steve had trouble trying to parse through his emotions as it related to Tony and the project. From their conversations, Steve knew that Tony would do his best to keep the team safe, but Steve never thought Tony would give up so easily. Something about it, along with not hearing from Tony all week, bothered him.
Tony twisted his body around so he could face Bruce more directly. “How about this,” he began, a bit wobbly from the Jörmungandr, “I’ll ask Rogers out if you ask Romanov.” He attempted to hold his arms outstretched with grin as if he had just easily figured out nuclear fusion.
After talking at dinner, Tony and Steve walked together to the party T’Challa had put on for the wedding guests, not really chatting to one another as both were trying to digest the serious conversation they had at dinner. However, despite this, something about the atmosphere between them had shifted greatly; they barely parted ways as they approached the venue, lingering as if wanting to say or do more.
“You almost killed someone!” Tony was now struggling against Steve, “do you know how many lives you put in danger?!”
“Please don’t turn this into a bigger deal than it already is, but…” Tony shook his head as he leaned backward in the booth.
Steve watched Tony shuffle through a few playlists before landing on one he was the happiest with; Al Green’s “Let’s Stay Together” saturated the lab. Tony spun around and sauntered back to the table in time with the music, resuming his position on top the table after retrieving the wayward rubber ball. Steve grinned as he continued to observe him; it was nice getting to see this side of Tony.
“Hello.” Steve murmured, raising a hand to wave slightly. He immediately shoved it back into his slacks to avoid looking silly.
Fury tapped Clint’s shoulder to get him to move to the side. “Okay, let’s get to business, shall we? He then shared the screen with images of Thanos’s lab after the raid, “we raided Thanos’s lab after an anonymous tip, but we came up short.”
“Hey guys.” Steve started as he approached Sam and Bucky who were leaning against a small high table, “I’m taking off.”
“Uh, would have been better if you had stayed for breakfast.” Tony tried for as facetiously as possible without grilling Steve.
“I wasn’t playing with my phone. Important Stark Industries business, mind you.” Tony shoveled some food into his mouth to avoid talking any further.
Steve, baffled by Loki’s strange demeanor, waited for him to reenter his lab before walking past to head toward his own. He remembered that Tony had told him not to worry about Loki, but he knew he needed to keep an eye on him in the future.
Although Steve had been mostly preoccupied with learning the ins and outs of the Synergy device, he was also consumed with learning how to work best with Tony. There still had been no major fight between the two, not even a little spat. Steve reminded himself of his conversation with Bruce and everything seemed to be working fine. He had even noticed that although his lab mate hadn’t really apologized for the first simulation, Tony was trying to be a better teammate. Steve took it for what it was; he was still getting to know Tony.
Generally, Bucky liked that Dr. Gagnon was willing to revise his theories about the mess that was Bucky’s psyche. So many of the shrinks that he’d tried working with after surrendering to SHIELD had been so desperate to make him fit molds they already had that he hadn’t felt like they were really willing to hear him, or to account for all of the truly unique circumstances that had brought him to where he was. (Either that or they were entirely too eager to get their names on papers about the very specific and new conditions they wanted to attribute to and name after Bucky.) Gagnon was nothing like any of them. He seemed entirely uninterested in naming or classifying things for one, and he was imminently practical in a way that reminded Bucky weirdly of Steve’s Mom. He didn’t stir things up just for the sake of it; he focused only on the goals Bucky had said were important to him as markers of his recovery.
“You keep saying ‘you.’” Phil phrased the observation as a statement, not a question, which meant he already knew Steve’s reasoning and was forcing him to make it plain to the others. (Phil was a great handler, and also sometimes Steve sort of hated him.)
“Whatever differences there are between you and the other version of Tony I knew, I don’t think either of ever really had a safe place to make mistakes. Testing your Dominants is a way of doing that, of learning again and again that you can fuck up and they’ll punish you so that you can atone and then let it go.” This bit of insight had been both stunningly accurate and rather terrifying (would Tony really always need this? had he always been searching for it, even before he’d ever been a submissive in the sense that this universe meant it?), and he’d been relieved when Rhodey had shortly changed the subject to their respective plans for the day.
Over time, Natasha had learned the value of open and honest communication. Oh it didn’t come easy to her, certainly not the way it did to someone like Steve who would practically flay himself open for anyone who asked nicely. She would always be at home in the shadows, in the carefully woven tapestry of truth and fiction that living a life like hers so often required.
“It’s…well, honestly it’s a bit unsettling. You know, of course, that the world is going to go on without you. And I have nothing but praise for how you all have bravely borne a world devoid of me—except the sports teams, someone told me I should yell at all the sports teams.” He paused for the obligatory laugh, then added, “I’m still adjusting and catching up. It’s a process.”
“Fucking ages but how the hell is that my fault? You people insisted on stopping the sex, remember?” This, at least, got Bruce to drop his hold on Tony’s package, a fact which was somehow disappointing and relieving at once. His dress shoes clicked quickly against the tile floor as he made his way around to the front of the table.
It took a while after that for the two of them to do much more than grip one another, each pretending not to see the other’s shining eyes or taste the hint of salt on their lips during the desperate kisses they exchanged. But eventually Tony had recovered enough that he started to press more heat and desire into his touches; slowly, Steve began to respond in kind.  Though his gaze never entirely lost that hint of awe that being handed the pseudo-arc reactor had given it, his touches became less gentle and more urgent and demanding. They parted from what had felt like an endless kiss so that Tony could gasp in some breath (so sue him, he didn’t have the lung capacity of a super soldier), and Steve grinned sheepishly.
“Neither do I. But as I explained on the phone and as I know you confirmed with him yourself, Steve is aware of all the things that matter. He knows who I am, where I come from, and he knew that I was strongly considering getting the bloodwork done before Stark Industries makes the request official. I just…look, I don’t know how superheroes are in your neck of the woods, but they’re a bunch of nosy gossips here. If they knew I was doing this they’d be breathing down both of our necks, and I’d have no space to process whatever the results are on my own.”
“Uh, no. She was pretty twitchy when she left the Tower in that way she only gets when she’s really falling behind on work. Leave her be, and pull up everything reliable you can give me about how I should be helping Rogers through this.” JARVIS said nothing, but the requested countdown (one hour, seventeen minutes, thirty four seconds) appeared in the requested spot, and seconds later the projections of the ongoing battle were joined by a host of scholarly and popular media articles about managing Dominant-deprivation.
“I’m sorry. If I had known what this was I would never have brought you in on it so soon after Peter.”
“I…sure, yeah, of course. Historically, North America has forbidden orientational interactions in the workplace, The argument is that this prevents abuse, like say if a Dominant supervisor leveraged a submissive’s headspace to force them to take on more work than they wanted to, for instance.”
“Makes me kind of want to die from embarrassment. Being held open like that, for that long, so that you and everyone else could see…fuck, Steve.” He half wanted to beg for it to happen right there, no matter how sore his ass would be, and Steve seemed to realize that because he got Tony sitting back in his original position and ran a soothing hand through his wet hair.
The AI that Shuri had running the palace (or rather assisting in its running—she and Tony had had many hours-long debates over the safest and most ethical uses of technology, most of which had ended in one of them flipping the other the finger and then both of them cackling) had announced Talia’s imminent arrival nearly two minutes ago. But he still let her stream-of-conscious babble continue for another thirty or so seconds before making an overdramatic show of jumping up as if startled. Talia glared and flipped every light in the room on; Steve could practically feel his pupils constricting in protest.
The quiet, though. Anyone who served long enough learned that the quiet was what you really needed to fear.
“Sure. That’s the one with Hugh Grant as Prime Minister, right?” May had hit him on the arm and made a sound that resembled both a laugh and a sob. It was a contradictory and ridiculous noise, and for the span of a few thudding heartbeats Peter wanted to beg her not to go. She had been the closest thing he’d ever had to a true constant, and the thought of losing her now felt like falling through the sky the day of Thanos’ first invasion, but without the knowledge that Tony—or anyone—would catch him. (If this is what real adulting was supposed to feel like, then he was pretty sure his generation was actually under-stating how shitty it really was.)
“What are you like? As a Dominant, I mean. Clint implied that you’re…easier than he is, but I still don’t totally know what that means.”
Tony’s—heavy blanket out from inside a rarely used ottoman. He meant to hand it to the other man, but somehow found himself winding it around Tony’s shoulders instead. Tony started, but then sank into the couch with a quiet moan.
“Oh, when he was on guard dog duty at the hospital—you really gotta quit that by the way, Tony—he came in and had a word with some of the folks in HR about the workplace orientation program. I don’t know exactly what he said, but they have since found themselves substantially more motivated to actually follow the new laws. It’s been really nice.”
“Thanos. Stabbed me with a piece of my own armour, actually, which was just insulting. Then I was…well, not able to get it treated right away, so it got infected a few times. Bruce mostly has a handle on it. I’m on a shit ton of antibiotics and there’s painkillers if I want them, but I try not to. There’s, he has some kind of topical thing he puts on it at the end of really bad days, it kind of numbs the area a bit, but—” Steve knew exactly the stuff Tony was talking about, and he was on his feet and halfway to the med wing before he realized he hadn’t actually asked if Tony wanted it. But he was in pain, surely he’d excuse Steve being slightly overbearing if it meant getting some relief?
just the one time though, Stark?” Strange asked. The scorn and annoyance that had coloured most of his conversations with Tony were absent now.Strange had asked, it seemed, because he seemed to genuinely want to know what Tony thought, which was enough to make him tamp down on his urge to snark rather than give the inquiry any real thought.
In seconds that felt like they spanned lifetimes, Strange opened the portal he’d come through and drew an object from his desk, setting it on the table in front of them.
“Yeah, I can sort of get that, I guess. More than I would have even a week or so ago, anyway. Except that before I could ever really get too swept up in that, that gratification, I also kept getting that feeling, you know like I was reading someone else's lines? And I have not a single damn clue if that’s just nerves or if I really screwed something up last night, but I still feel kind of wrong. So to answer your original question…yeah, I don’t know what i need from you right now. I’d love it if maybe just this once you could just give me the answer.”
But wait, Jana, you’re saying, that little speech might be eloquent, but what does it really have to do with orientation? Put simply, everything. He could easily have critiqued the fact that by asking for this private medical information to be released, Stark Industries is plainly grasping at straws to try to distract from their own participation in a cover-up that endangered public health. Instead, he went after the very conception of biological indicators like bloodwork as objective, wholesale measures of identity. He shared intensely private, personal information to remind us all that who we are—our hearts, our souls, whatever you wanna call it according to your own belief systems and values—that can’t be easily measured and charted on graphs.
Steve woke early the next morning, like always. Lazing in bed, drifting in and out of consciousness just long enough to press lazy kisses or extra blankets onto the body next to him, that was another indulgence belonging only to Before Steve, that other version of him who had taken as much pleasure in these quiet moments of domestic intimacy as he did the most intense of scenes. Clint, however, was snoring away contentedly, and Steve still had a duty to right by the archer. So he prepared a simple but filling breakfast of toast, bacon and hash browns, the ones cooked in bacon grease that Clint coveted above all other breakfast foods.
The goddamn blueberries were delicious. Tony was pretty sure they were from the Prospect Park market. He hadn’t managed to make it there in years, but in his Merchant of Death days he’d frequented a stall run by a middle aged, no-nonsense couple who always had absolutely killer produce. It was so good that they tended to run out of the best stuff early in the day, and when Tony had tried to bribe them into setting some things aside for him or a minion to pick up at a more civilized hour, the wife (Helen, maybe?) had tartly informed him that they didn’t give two figs who he was; if he wanted blueberries he could be there first thing in the morning just like everyone else. He’d gone every Saturday he could manage, and even at his most hungover, he’d never regretted making the trip.
“Your Dominant asked you a question, buddy. You go tryin’ to play us like that and I don’t got any problem with refreshing your memory on how that spanking felt.”
“Crescent wrench. Lincoln welder. Pliers. Jack hammer. Snap-on ratchet.” He repeated the inventory like a mantra, over and over and over again until the tightness in his chest released, leaving behind only exhaustion and frustration. He wanted them here, damn it, he had chosen everything: this universe, this location, these people, why couldn’t he just let go of the rest of it already? “Fuck. Natasha, I’m—”
“G’head, JARVIS. And Nat? Want dumplings. Can we have dumplings? Are there any of those frozen ones in the freezer, the ones in the little trays with the dip thing?” This startled a laugh out of both Natasha and Bruce, the latter of whom proceeded to seize Tony by the hair just a bit more roughly than normal and plant a lingering kiss on his lips.
“I’m sorry, Tony, I wasn’t trying to stress you out. I would have explained and we would have started this morning but you were already so upset and trying to process the sub-high that it felt cruel to add anything else on top of that. You withheld medical information that you agreed in your contract to provide, so that we could keep you safe. So you’ll have to earn back that trust with me; until you do, JARVIS will be confirming the things you tell me in check-in.”
2. Most Asgardians are indeed Switches, or at least that is the closest classification that would apply. Some, however, identify very strongly with only one ‘side’ of their kink. So there are some, for instance, with strong affinities for bondage, but who (unlike Thor) are only interested in either being bound or doing the binding. Partnerships do tend to be most common among those with identical, or at least complimentary interests. For instance, Thor once enjoyed a long-term partnership with an Asgardian whose primary interest was in temperature play. The variety of Asgardian textiles that lend themselves to these purposes allowed for a fruitful and mutually gratifying bond. The other possibility is, as you have noted, that kinks can evolve. It is rare for an Asgardian to completely abandon their primary kink, but others can take on a significant secondary role, or the exact nature of that primary kink may shift.
Even as he asked, a part of Tony didn’t want to know the answer. Steve still didn’t seem upset, though; he was actually smiling just a little as he chewed, which was a reassuring if entirely unexpected sight. Tony didn’t think he’d ever seen Steve smile when he thought or talked about Mark II before.
“Yo, Dummy, you wanna argue with the refs or you wanna line up for another round? That is,” Tony added, glancing at Barnes as casually as he could managed, “if you’re up for it.” Barnes beamed, a wide and toothy smile that Tony could never have even imagined on his own version. For a few seconds, the throbbing of his head felt very far away.
Tony set a second mug down next to his own, filled them both, and slid one across the island to Clint before climbing up to sit next to him. (It still came as a shock, sometimes, to realize how deeply they all missed their Tony. Steve wore his own pain with such naked constancy that it was comparatively easy to forget that the loss had been more than just Cap’s.)
Content Notes (these are majorly spoilery, but there are also some heavy potential triggers in this one): Tony reveals the full backstory about the other Tony, Howard, and Fletcher (the SI Board member whose name he knew he recognized from somewhere.) It includes Howard using the soul stone to try to manipulate or 'cure' D/s Tony of any orientation, which caused irrevocable damage to his soul. It's certainly not meant to be a one for one allusion to things like conversion therapy, but there are obvious resonances and connections to those histories. If you need to give that section a pass, the most explicit discussion takes place in the paragraph beginning "The Howard in this universe manipulated the time stone too."
“Sweet sweet, my tongue sweet to answer she and it surprise me how I want to touch she teeth and hold she mouth on that word. I regret every moment until I see she next.”
“That’d be great, Tony. The team and the folks at SHIELD do the best they can to maintain everything, but we haven’t honestly made any major improvements to the team’s gear since…well, it’s definitely been a while.” (The pause was unlike Coulson. Another trace of Mark II. Another gap inhabited by his ghost. He sounded like he’d been great and all, but Tony was really starting to hate the guy, which just took self-hatred to a whole new level.) “And even if you're not an active member of the team just now, we should still have you sit in on training more often. You were a huge help during the mission the other day. JARVIS, pull up the Avengers’ master calendar, please?”
am very much aware that you’re a submissive, Tony. I think it’s you who needs some clarification,” he said. “Kneeling is nice, and you look gorgeous on your knees for me, but it’s not like the posture itself is somehow magic or some shit. It’s the message behind it that matters, the surrender. You can give a Dominant all of that just as easily in ways that won’t leave you in pain for days afterward. Understand me?”
It was midday on a Wednesday, so the park wasn’t as hectic as it sometimes got, but there was still plenty for Tony to see and take in. A few tables away, a young submissive knelt at his Dominant’s feet. His head was in her lap and he appeared hazy and half-asleep, a sure sign of either drop or very intense subspace. Across the courtyard, a Dom led a sub on a collar and leash to join a couple at another table. The subs immediately curled up next to one another on a patch of grass, like cats lounging in a sunbeam, as their Doms laughed with indulgent fondness and discussed the previous night’s hockey game. In the area cordoned off for sexual play, a submissive took a switching from two Dominants while several others gathered around to watch. Tony’s eyes were everywhere, gathering as much information as he could without lingering too long on any particular group. Steve would have given quite a lot to know what he was thinking just then, but he let the other man settle in at his own pace.
Content Notes: Some pretty big feelings in this one, as you likely assumed because it's me, but I don't think any other content notes required. As always, feel free to reach out with any questions or concerns you have before, during, or after reading.
“I can assure you of the authenticity of the message as well as the identification of its sender,” Strange said gently. “I imagine you have other questions?”
Tony stared out at the crates, sucking in a gulp of air so large he didn’t even know his shitty, post-Afghanistan, post-Siberia lungs were capable of it. Rhodey had found them, found them
The deceased Tony Stark was a category 1 submissive. And a category 10 dick (though apparently I’m not supposed to vocalize such thoughts about a dead person.)
Sorry for the one day delay, but as we're getting pretty close to the end of the story, I wanted to be extra sure I was happy with the chapter before I posted.
“It’s been really bad, hasn’t it? Ever since the press conference?” She sighed and took another long sip from her coffee cup, which on closer inspection had at least three different shades of lipstick on the lid. (Had she been refilling the same disposable coffee cup for days now? Ew, Pepper, no.)
“Glad to see they were unsuccessful, Ms. Potts. Now pull up the memo you were talking about and let’s get to work.”
Steve stood, watching, caught between a hundred feelings he couldn’t begin to parse until Bruce called his name.
“Tomorrow?” he proposed. “I’d say tonight, but there’s…I have to do something, first. Is that okay?” Thor smiled, the one that illuminated all his features. (Maybe it made sense that the watch so often made Tony feel warm, given that this particular expression had always done the same, heating Tony from the inside out.) Then, telegraphing his moves widely and giving Tony plenty of chances to refuse, Thor lifted his hand and pressed a gentle kiss to the back of it.
. Steve half expected for something about his internal confession to give him away; he waited for the questions, for the look of disgust or betrayal to curl Phil’s lip and shutter his eyes. The ball landed in Coulson’s palm with a quiet smack of metal on flesh, and he briefly curled his fingers around it before flattening his palm again, awaiting the next burden.
“We’re going on a field trip. Get dressed and meet us on the 27th floor.” In his own world, Tony remembered with a pang, R&D had taken up all the of the floors in the 20s; he’d been considering a hostile takeover of some of the corporate offices on the 30th through 35th floors right before Ultron had rendered the combination of ‘Tony Stark’ and ‘research’ too dirty for even his team to touch.
Looking at the contract now felt weirdly nostalgic for how relatively  short a time it had been since he’d filled it out. He’d been so scared then, of all of this but especially of what the contract itself had represented, pages and pages full of questions Tony didn’t have the knowledge or skillset to answer. Not that all of the exploration related to the contract had been bad, he grinned.
And, it transpired, exercise with Rhodey didn’t necessarily mean running. After they ate, Rhodey brought him down to the shop where they suited up in Iron Man and War Machine and took flight. (He wondered with a fond pang just how much of a heart attack this would be giving Steve.) He would have been happy for a directionless wander through the skies, but Rhodey seemed to be flying with a particular location in mind; Tony’s attempts to ask prodding questions about their destinatio, however, were interrupted by Rhodey’s delighted and detailed inquiries about the Bleeding Edge armour, which he hadn’t seen in person before. Tony promised to add at least some nanotech to War Machine, which made Rhodey downright giddy until they both realized that Tony might not have the chance before—if he…
Tony had seen Clint’s work with implements, remembered the intricate patterns he’d left on Bucky’s skin, so if Tony been in a place to be able to articulate a guess as to what was coming, he would have expected something similar. Instead, Clint was three hits into his set before Tony realized with a jolt of fear and awe, that Clint was hitting him in the exact same place every single time. Each blow, aimed precisely in the middle of Tony’s ass, was identical, the pain building up and up and up.
“Hey now, I was just waiting to see how many variations you would go through before stumbling upon the existence of my first name. After the last coupla days I sorta think we’re there, Talia, don’t you?” Talia flushes again; this time it stains not just the tips of her cheekbones, but also the tips of her ear and in splotches down the side of her neck. But by far the prettiest and most noticeable thing about her expression is the smile that she doesn’t bother trying to conceal. Steve’s chest aches with something that is almost equal parts jealousy and joy, which is the best ratio he thinks could be expected of him right now. (And if the most wounded and tender parts of him also want to warn them, want to beg both Talia and Masdee to jealously guard every second they have together…well, if nothing else it’s proof that Bucky is wrong. Steve doesn’t
Convinced it had been hours, Tony asked JARVIS for the current time; it had been a mere 47 minutes since he’d woken up. He was, he realized with an almost pleased surprise,
Content Notes: (Spoilery) This chapter contains the use of a safeword (yellow, specifically) by Tony. The events of its use are not, at least in my view, traumatic or in any way violent, and you can obviously expect that his partner will respect its use. However, if this is a triggering area and you want to try to read around the storyline or get a redacted version, just let me know! And as always, if you have questions or concerns before or after reading, I'm always here to chat.
“I wasn’t sleeping,” Peter shrugged, because he had a harder time bothering to lie first thing in the morning. “Is this all for us?” Even for a super-soldier and another enhanced person, the spread seemed excessive. Steve laughed and set a plate down in front of him.
Bruce settled them across from one another on adjacent cushions on the living room couch. For a moment Tony considered offering to kneel for this little exercise (it honestly seemed like the more natural way to do this), but decided that would be giving rather too much away. A few seconds later, Bruce held out one of the garlic-stuffed green olives. Tony opened his mouth, and then bit down on the olive and Bruce’s fingers hard enough that the latter yelped and drew his hand back.
Watching all of this play out was diverting enough that Steve didn’t obsess about Tony the way he’d expected to. After everything Tony had been through in the past several days, they’d been prepared for just about anything in terms of a reaction, and Tony taking some time to himself (even if it was colder outside than Steve would have liked) was on the tame side. And Clint, endlessly flexible and capable of handling Tony even at his worst extremes, was ready and waiting downstairs.
I hope you all enjoyed it. Thank you for taking this journey with me. I can't really express my love and gratitude for the kindness, support, and community you all helped create in and around this verse. Sharing it with you has been a joy and a privilege.
“Tell me your safewords,” Bruce said in a voice near a whisper, his hand sliding down to Tony’s low back as he guided them down the stairs.
Tony didn’t speak, but he rose to his feet and started undoing his belt buckle. Rhodes quickly engaged Steve in a conversation about several pieces of art hanging throughout the house, undoubtedly to make the moment seem as low-stakes as possible.
“Aren’t you gorgeous,” Steve murmured, stopping to tweak at Thor’s nipple. The motion was clumsier with the mitt on, but Thor didn’t appear to mind all that much. “All this power. All this strength, held here for me in these ropes. Rope you
Another round of painful vomiting had followed this declaration, which basically destroyed any chance Peter had of arguing with this unflattering description. Instead, he’d settled for attempting to pry a promise out of MJ that she wouldn’t call in Steve or anyone else, no matter what. It wasn’t really a fair request to make, some part of him knew that. MJ seemed truly and honestly scared now, and as brilliant as she was it wasn’t as if she was some kind of expert in the interactions between Thor-juice and Peter’s unique physiology. He couldn’t quite bring himself to care just then about what was fair, not when his entire life as of late felt like a parade of ridiculous misfortunes. MJ had sighed, tucking his hair back out of his face and thoughtfully not commenting on any particles of…stuff that may or may not have adhered to any of those stands.
episode,’ which was unsurprising. Steve had fallen in love with Leo and his Big Block of Cheese from the first time he’d seen it, and his attempts to convince the team the show hadn’t inspired Community Day was…well, a big fat lie on his part. The Avengers, Steve felt, suffered from the same problem as those in the upper echelons of government in a lot of ways. When they only appeared for showdowns with aliens or possessed robots or other larger-than-life villains, it was easy for everyone to forget that the team’s most important commitment was to the people. They then started to think of the Avengers not as people, but as remote, godlike deities, and that kind of disconnect just wasn’t good for anyone. It made citizens feel like their daily lives and problems were unimportant, and it made them forget that the team were fallible and (mostly) human themselves.
“Participants,” JARVIS said, in that same flat tone from before, “will need to extract the ring from the maze to continue.”
Not just @SteveRogers! The whole team is SO in love! #RespectPolyRelationships #AllLoveIsTrue #IBelieveTonyStark
I truly never thought I would be answering questions about Tony Stark’s sleeping arrangements, though truly I should have known better! I really should demand a raise…
“We gotta go tell him he’s awesome!” He stood on wobbling legs, yelping in outrage as Thor hooked an unfairly huge arm around his waist and plopped Clint into his lap.
Silence blanketed the room again. Eventually, fearing his knees would buckle on him, Steve made his way to the chair across from Domen. His legs shook on the way down with a kind of exhaustion he didn’t know he was capable of feeling any more.
By this point they had spent plenty of time together, especially once Tony had started haunting SHIELD HQ. Talking to Steve was as easy as it always was; their conversation had recently jumped from the expected length of Rhodey’s visit (two glorious weeks of his honeybear!) to an argument about condiments prompted by the globs of ketchup Steve was squeezing onto his fries from the bottle he’d brought with him. But of course even familiar teasing and gentle touches were different now, because after so long of first ignoring this thing between them and then putting it somewhat on the backburner, they were really doing this. And not only had Steve initiated the entire evening, voluntarily taking part in the kind of event that Tony was used to the Avengers scoffing at or ignoring, he had also brought them here first, effectively shattering Tony’s heavily scripted (and likely doomed) vision of what their first date was supposed to be and replacing it with something so incredibly natural that he felt like he’d been with Steve his entire life already.
A long time after the evening in question, Peter (with MJ’s help, because parts of the evening are largely inaccessible to his memory after the fact) will create a timeline mapping out the stages of drunkenness involved in the consumption of Asgardian liquor. The first stage is a kind of giddiness that he suspects in hindsight were more the result of successfully sneaking out of the Avengers compound with stolen, otherworldly hooch than the actual liquor itself.
“I will not be able to offer an explanation that will make your loss less painful, Mr. Parker. You know the facts. You are well aware of what was at stake, and I won’t insult you by explaining why Stark made the choice he did in that moment. I come, instead, with a message.”
“He hasn’t been in to SHIELD since, but I figured he just needed a couple days off to focus on some of his other duties. And JARVIS said, or at least suggested, that he was with you,” Steve finished, pointing at Natasha. She arched a manicured brow and shook her head.
He was not, however, accustomed to said cursing being in Russian, or to finding Natasha alone in the workshop in the middle of the night, wielding a large knife while clad in a pair of worn, soft gingham pajamas.
“No, you know what I would regret? What I do regret? I regret digging a child out of relative obscurity in Queens, dragging him across national borders and asking him to fight against half of you lot in a German airport hanger. I regret promptly abandoning that kid and nearly getting him killed by yet another villain I managed to create. I regret that child still ending up feeling so—so obligated or attached or whatever that he followed me into space to fight a megalomaniac without a second thought and ended up fading into dust in my arms. He has this thing, you know, this supernatural sense of when danger’s coming? So he felt it. He felt death coming for him at the ripe old age of sixteen, and he begged me to stop it. I couldn’t. I didn’t.”
And Steve jumped in his seat as he felt something wet on his hand, startled he raised his hand to his cheek, noticing that he had started crying. - Tony, I'm sorry - .
And those words kill Steve because he did leave Tony. In spirit and heart perhaps not, but in body he did, he walked away and didn't turn around, even though he was dying to. Perhaps he did kill someone that cold winter day. Perhaps it was their relationship. Their love. - Tony stop - he says louder this time. And he finally does.
T'challa only nodded at him and started to walk towards the door -Good luck Steve - he said before closing the it behind him.
- No Steve, I'm done. I won't wait anymore. I stopped waiting when you left me there to die. - and Tony realized, just as he spoke the words for the first time, that it was true. - I loved you Steve, and I guess I will do for a long time. But I'm better now. I don't want you as my... I don't love you like that anymore. -
- He comes by the lab sometimes, when he is not working or consulting. He brings me coffee just like I like it, one sugar, no milk. Also donuts, he brings me a lot of those. He is a doctor, neurosurgeon. At least he used to be. We... we used to date. Way back, when I was just Tony. No IronMan, no Avengers or aliens. Before all the madness. -
- I'm sorry Steve, I guess i didn't love you enough to wait all this time - he said, looking down at his calloused hands. He fumbled with one of his pockets and took at the phone that he had left. - I carried it around for months, I waited for you to call. I was too stubborn to do it myself, too afraid that you wouldn't pick up if I did try to call. - he turned it around in his hand, idly toying with it. - It ran out of battery a while ago and I didn't bother to charge it. I knew by then that you wouldn't call. And I knew I couldn't. -
- I was scared - Steve said. Somehow he felt relieved to say it out loud - I was scared of how it all will unfold, of how I felt for you. Of all these things you made me feel. I was scared that this was all too much. -
- You already said that - furious chocolate eyes looking directly at him, tears streaming down his face too. He looked ready to fight and then he looked aside, that fire leaving his body just as fast as it had come - and I'm sorry too. I was... - he trailed off.
They stare at each other silently, seconds turning into minutes. They are still crying, they are still thousands of kilometers away. Tony is still hugging himself and it's too much, he turns away, his back to the camera and Steve can see how his body trembles with the silent sobs that escape him. Steve is still clenching his fists. He doesn't know what to do.
Steve grimaced, but nodded, he had read the first draft, finally understanding why Tony had done what he did. They had always had this difference of opinions about how to lead but he now knew better than to just lash out and blame it all on the billionaire. Steve figured that with the Amends the New Avengers were drafting they will finally have a more reasonable scheme, less government control. Because in the end, Tony had been right in saying that they needed some sort of control. Someone to held them accountable for their mistakes. He felt his stomach drop, just like that first time he realized that they had left everything to IronMan, the fallout of Siberia, Lagos, and that damn bunker... Bucky still couldn't look him in the eye. "We just left him there Steve... alone..".
- There is someone else - he said, looking straight at him, those chocolate eyes sad - I'm seeing someone-.
They stayed silent for a couple more minutes. Steve studied the wrinkles around Tonys' eyes, he could have sworn they weren't this pronounced when they last saw each other. Laughter. They were more prominent when Tony was laughing. - I am not giving up -
Tony huffed, the angry expression back on his handsome features - How can you say that you love me then Steve? How, when it is clear that you have already chosen another? When you have already moved on?! - he was screaming now.
-I miss you- he said because it was true. Because he was tired of pretending that he didn't in front of the team. He was tired of the looks Natasha gave him, of the worried glances Clint would direct at him whenever Tony was mentioned. He was tired of Wanda and her detached words, of Sam and Scotts' looks of understanding. They didn't. Nobody understood. Nobody but Tony.
-What... is that Rogers?!- he asked, and suddenly understanding he pulled apart from Tony, holding him at arms length -Are you ok?- he asked again, and Steve felt he was missing something by the way they looked at each other in a silent exchange of words. -Ok, ok. I'll leave. I'll come back later, ok?- he whispered, right above Tonys' lips. He kissed him and turned around, not even looking at Steve and exiting through the portal.
He had finally gathered the courage to talk to T'chala, asking for his help to get in contact with Tony.
When the screen went black he closed his eyes. He was determined now, he had the objective clear in his mind. He would do whatever he had to. It was just a matter of time before he was back at the Compound and he was going to fix this.
-You had me - the accusation, along with the past tense made Steve look up at Tony again. His blurry vision made him blink so he could focus on the brunette on the screen. - I tried so hard Steve, so hard and you just threw me away. Left me to die alone and broken. Did you even think of me when all of that happened? Or were you just thinking about yourself? - Tony was now standing. His hands on the table that could be seen on the screen. The fire in those eyes reminded him of the heated arguments between them right before it all fell apart and Steve held his ground. He stared right back, determined even more now than ever to fix this between them.
, but he can't stop, he had started and can't stop. And now he is crying for a whole different reason. Because although he and Stephen are not official, they do have something going on. And Steve is right there, looking at him with his beautiful blue eyes, now red from all the crying. - He takes me on dates, he was there in the bunker, after you left. He was there with Viz, they ehh... they rescued me. He likes my music. - he adds, because he never knows when to shut up.
It was really simple, Steve had to apologize to Tony, just a sincere ‘Im sorry’. It was all it had to be, all that it needed to be and then they could start mending this thing they have had between them since the Chitauri invasion. It all seemed so long ago. The complicity and silent understanding, the easy talks and friendly banter, the almost kisses and couch cuddles. The sleepless nights shared with hot chocolate and coffee (one sugar, no milk). Steve missed all of it. He missed Tony.
Then Tony appeared, all movement and muscles and alive. He looked up, finally realizing that the call had connected and with a flick of his wrist the music dropped to almost silence. He was whipping his hand on an old rag, the light from his chest and odd triangle instead of the circled blue light that used to lull him to sleep. With a leg, he pulled from under the table a stoll and sat on it, right in front of the camera. He was wearing a light tank top and dirty gray pants. The chocolate warm eyes that were looking back at him were also different. Wary. Cautious. Steve's heart broke as he realized that not all things were the same.
- Steve, please stop - he implored, Steve hated seeing him so sad, so broken. All because of their actions. Of his inaction too. - What about Barnes? - he asked after. An accusatory tint to his words.
In the hallway behind them, part of the ceiling came crashing down and a few seconds later, both of their radios broadcast the voice of Captain Rogers.
Tony didn’t know what to say to that. He knew they were close but he didn’t know that the two of them were especially close. “Yeah,” he answered. “But I can get you something to eat if you’d like. Or drink. Or both?” Despite what he said, he held on to Steve’s hand tightly.
When O’Shea finished explaining, Steve stared at him silently, and then looked up at Jones and nodded. Jones grabbed him and yanked him out of the chair and towards the door. O’Shea was begging Jones in Gaelic to be understanding. He had family back in Ireland who needed that money but if that were truly the case, he would’ve just asked Steve. Everyone knew for family matters, it was not unlike Steve to give out a little extra to help. This was not a family matter—O’Shea was just greedy and devious.
Sarah looked at him with a loving gaze and reached out to touch Tony’s cheek. He did move away a little but managed not to flinch.
Steve knew he wasn’t happy with that answer. He could see the worry in his face. Tony wasn’t hard to read once you got used to his expressions and mannerisms but Steve knew nothing he could say would change how he felt. He’d have to see Sarah’s reaction for himself.
He was also still battling the feelings Fitz’s unexpected presence had dragged up and every now and then a tremor shook his entire body as the memories were forced upon him.
“Not a wink.” James nodded at Steve’s bruised knuckles. “What did that poor sandbag ever do to you?”
Sarah didn’t reply at first which made him more anxious and nervous and it only got worse when she put down her cup and got up. Did he say something wrong? Was she upset?
“Well, just make sure to call often and I’ll put the phone to his ear,” Natalia said, smiling. Clint leaned to press a kiss to her hair. “By the way, how’s life without that cinder block on your leg?”
Tony sat outside in the waiting room with the rest of Firehouse 616 and 21. Captain Danvers was pacing impatiently, and Tony was sure she was going to wear a hole into the hospital floors. Bucky was still at the scene with OFI and the police, determined to personally see everything through.
He gestured for her to take a seat on the couch and he poured her a drink—whiskey on the rocks, exactly two ice cubes, and a slice of orange on the rim, which he cut for her. He handed it to her and she thanked him but didn’t trust whatever was happening.
“No, everything’s fine, I just…” How did he tell him exactly what he’d been doing without it coming across as extremely creepy? Or, perhaps even worse,
“I see that my help is needed badly. Really that bad?” He snorted and shook his head. “I can’t wait to see it all.”
Clint showed Benni where to scratch and watched the little boy imitate it. Lucky did his equivalent of a smile, tilting his head happily at the scratches.
Steve found those eyes he loved so much a few seconds after waking and he was deeply, deeply ashamed. “I wanted to forget for a while. The first part is always fun, the second part… not so much. Tony, I am so sorry.” He wouldn’t say he didn’t mean any of it because he’d meant all of it. Not that he didn’t want Tony around but just that he wanted to be left alone.
“So I give him a break from his arsehole father,” he said, his accent always skewing more towards Irish the angrier he got. Dugan nodded, understanding. He’d grown up with Steve. He remembered Joseph Rogers. Steve sighed. “Anything I need’ta take care of, Dugan?”
So maybe if the man said ‘jump’ I’d ask ‘how high.’ That’s not important here, Natalia. Measurements, now.” He held out his hand, opening and closing it impatiently.
“Which are you thinking?” Steve asked, looking down at the two watches in James’ hands. One was a Patek and the other a Rolex.
Sarah had given Tony the extra set of keys in case of emergency. If this didn’t count as an emergency, Tony didn’t know what would. He took the keys and left the house, nearly jumping when a man stood right in front of him. It was one of the men James had introduced earlier.
“Fewer tall buildings,” Steve commented, “and definitely no Times Square. Just wait till we get to Ballycastle. No tall buildings for miles.”
As soon as he heard Benni's voice Tony was awake. Not that he had really slept. His eyes were closed and he dozed off every now and then but that didn’t count as proper sleep. Tony sat up and looked at Benni with a soft smile, leaning in to kiss his forehead.
Steve dropped his head, looking away from James, taking a long drink. Why did he care so much? Just because he knew what it was like to be on the other side of a belt? Because Tony seemed like a good kid? Because he couldn’t get him out of his head?
“If the boss man says so…” he gave back with a small smile. He wanted to help them but then again, he’d be gone for weeks. Before all of this he had cleaned up the books, so it should be easy for them to keep them organized. That was his only consolation. “I’d like it more if you told me more about the place where we’ll be staying?” It was worth a shot, right?
Tony leaned into the warm touch and sighed happily. Couldn’t he stay like that? It was easier than so much of Tony’s pain.
“I never knew. Can’t even really remember it and Win and I were good friends,” she said, speaking of James’ mother.
The only good thing to come out of that long meeting was how much it got Steve’s mind off Tony. He had barely thought about him all day. Maybe this was working,
“I love you. Thanks for the coffee. Need or want anything from the city?” he asked, his fingers scratching lightly at the back of Tony’s neck, moving up into his soft baby hair and back down.
“Why would I ever stop trusting you?” he asked but he wasn’t expecting an answer, he was just letting Tony know that it was a ridiculous notion. Tony was his now and forever and nothing would ever change that. Steve would make sure of it. “I won’t but I might just be a little biased and tell you more about our future instead.”
They were stalling, straining to hear any sound in the background that might help them narrow down his location in relation to the list of buildings owned by him that Gao had provided. A train? A ship? Heavy traffic? Anything.
James and Steve had each taken some time apart when they received the photos yesterday. Clear-headed and somewhat calmed, they had rejoined the group that afternoon. Steve’s knuckles were scraped and bruised and he had snapped at Sarah when she insisted he clean and bandage them. This one time she had left him alone, understanding that the last thing he needed was his mother nagging him.
Knowing Phil would be taking care of the place lifted a weight off his shoulders and he could more fully focus on their upcoming trip. He could think about what possible surprises James might be planning and what kinds of gifts he would like to bring back for everyone.
Sam, Bucky, and Steve stopped at a pizza shop on their way home to pick up an easy dinner, worn out from another day of serious calls. In the winter it was mostly ice-related calls, spring and fall saw a lot of the construction site issues, and summers were children trapped in cars and, when the fires got really bad, temperatures soaring into the hundreds.
Steve watched Tony’s unusual behavior, confused, and even Benni didn’t seem to know what was causing it. Without thinking, he moved to put an arm around Tony and help him walk a little more quickly back home.
“Tony, Tony, Tony,” were all the words Steve could manage during the come down. Reluctantly, he pulled out of him and collapsed beside him, a hot mess. He was breathing hard and he looked over to check on Tony.
. It was the very same look Steve used on others but this was the raw, pure, original form and he shut up immediately.
Tony leaned in to kiss Steve’s nose. “Dinner should be ready soon. You’re not going to sleep on an empty stomach. Go shower and come downstairs, alright?” Two more days and they’d head out.
Bakuto cleared his throat. “In the next two hours, I want every file you have on myself and the other bosses. You can leave them with Loki. I’m fairly sure you know his address, James.”
Just then Sarah and Benni came in and they had help carrying the groceries. James was behind them with two paper bags of groceries in his arms.
Not long after they arrived back at James’ office and were going over the documents gifted to them by Gao, the phone rang. Dmitri answered, immediately tensing and looking over at James.
“I was looking forward to meeting you. Cooking a big festive meal with Sarah for guests—I was so excited.” He thought about eating something too but he couldn’t bring himself to do so. He wanted proper food, a nice cup of tea afterwards. He wanted to brush his teeth, put on his soft pyjamas and let Steve hold him.
When he got back to the office, he went in to finish up some work for the night. It was mainly his own personal account-keeping of the going-ons of the others. They may have been working together in some weird way, had some strange alliance only by word-of-mouth, but that didn’t mean Steve had to trust them.
“You’re a smart man,” James said in between kisses, making his way up Clint’s opposite side now, “who can do anything he puts his mind to.” Clint smiled, bathing in the praise and affection. “Except,” James continued and Clint listened closely, “try to convince me that you’re anything other than everything I want.”
James was moving his fingers lightly over Clint’s back, drawing circles and other shapes to calm and comfort him. Only an hour ago, Clint had woken up thrashing, having dreamt that the men had come in again, and he tore out his IV.
Steve finally realized that Tony wasn’t woken up by the music so it must’ve been something else. “Nightmares?” Steve asked him, desperately trying to take the focus off himself.
“Sure do, little buddy. Sign language. Heard of it?” Benni shook his head no and Clint lifted his hands and signed ‘This is ASL,’ explaining what he had said.
Their luggage was loaded onto the ship and they took with them their carry-on items, Steve carrying both and Tony holding onto their tickets. He gave them to the man who requested them and they made their way to their room.
“You’re the last of ‘em,” Steve said, holding his side, his head pounding, but he stood up straight. “Killed the rest and now I’ll kill you too.”
Steve actually laughed. He couldn’t help it. If only Tony knew how quickly Steve would burn anything and everything he needed to do if Tony told him to. If only he knew how much Steve wanted to talk to him over anyone and everyone else. Before Steve could reply, Tony was speaking again and it took him a second to realize he’d spoken the words in Italian and then once again Tony beat him to the chase but honestly, that time it might’ve taken Steve a while longer to respond because Tony slipping into Italian was one of the few pure joys in Steve’s life.
“Yeah, he asked me to move in about two months ago. Three months? I think two,” he said, trying to remember because it honestly felt like he’d been in that house for a very long time. Living with Natalia in their crappy apartment with their evil neighbors seemed like a lifetime ago.
“Well,” Clint began, his eyes closed until the room stopped spinning so fast, “I was alone in my last room. They didn’t even ask me if I wanted a roommate. Thought I would ask you.” He turned to look at him, wondering when—if—they would bring food.
They headed to Clint’s room and as soon as he was close enough to him, he took Clint’s hand. “If I didn’t hate hospitals so much I’d stay to keep you company.”
Steve walked into his home, a little wet from the pouring rain outside, and leaned against the wall. It wasn’t like he didn’t expect his life to be like this. It was more that he wouldn’t mind a month or two without a huge, life-threatening issue. That would be nice.
The fact that it was him who made Steve curse in Gaelic turned Tony on even more. Just when he thought that wasn’t possible. He leaned up to wrap his arms around Steve’s neck to pull him closer as he moved himself against Steve, trying to silently encourage him to thrust. Well, not silently but without actual words. It didn’t take much for him to feel close and he hated and loved it at the same time.
