“You started snoring, so yeah.”
I don’t wait for an answer, instead pushing past him and heading for my workshop. I don’t know what I’m doing, but Steve’s trailing behind me, so I guess I have to commit.
— and then the other. I skid to a halt on the roof.
"It's gonna have to be good enough." Natasha brandishes her pistol and cocks it. "I'm going in. Cover me." She doesn't wait for a response before sliding down the hill towards the side of the facility.
⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅
T: Ha, with our schedules? That's basically abuse.
“Wait—”
I think it's time to log a new memory.
"This place is practically a ghost town outside of that control room, Sam," I say. "I guess it's possible there's less of them than we thought."
I wince.
I sit up against the headboard and attempt to collect myself. The darkness is suffocating, so I click on my desk lamp and blink through the harsh yellow light it emits.
"I know I sprung everything on you, and everyone, at once."
There are times when I feel like my rigidity is who I am, at my core. But there are other times when I wonder if it’s who I
⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅
“Scott, when you’re done disabling security, I’ll need you to plant a bomb in their assembly room.” He uses his finger to circle a portion of the map. “That should be around here somewhere. Once we have the schematics, we’re blowing this place to kingdom come.”
I scan my keycard to get into the pool room, immediately squinting against the fluorescent glare. Tony’s sitting on the ledge, PJ’s rolled up to his knees, feet dangling in the water. He doesn’t look up to greet me. He just keeps staring down at his reflection.
The likeliness of getting back to sleep now is slim to none, and closer to none— given that I haven’t been able to swing it, yet. I usually use these rude awakenings as an excuse to get up early and start working, with the knowledge that I’ll probably fall asleep at my work station sometime in the afternoon, regardless of how much coffee I force into my system.
“You’re not slick, you know,” he says.
“Obviously.”
“Shit, right. Uh…we’ll just tell them you were in the area and we’re carpooling to save gas money, or whatever,” I say, turning the volume back up.
The cold metal sends goosebumps coursing across my skin.
He nods his head towards my arm, which is disassembled on my desk. I’m recalibrating the palm repulsor, since it’s a little stronger than my left, and the last time I tried flying it looked like I was wearing a sneaker on one foot and a stiletto on the other. I mean, if you’re gonna go stiletto, you gotta go all the way.
“I’m sick of beating around the bush. What changed since I came over? What did you mean that night, right before I left?”
"Be careful, Steve," Sam adds, resting his hand on my other shoulder. Worry has etched deep lines into his forehead. "Bring him back."
My feet and ankles feel stiff and heavy, and the knot in my stomach has only grown tighter.
"It's gonna take a while to get used to that," Natasha says, coming over to give Steve an affirming pat on the shoulder. She smiles at me. "You guys are cute together."
"Password?" F.R.I.D.A.Y chirps.
"Hold on tight," I say. "We're flying out of here."
I try to stifle my laugh. “Bullshit. Wanna tell me why you’re really here?”
I let out a long breath. “Okay. Okay, okay. I’ve…been having dreams, lately…”
"Like a burger. Can we stop at McDonalds?"
“You know, I wouldn’t be as worried about you if you hadn’t moved out to the middle of nowhere,” he says. “Can I ask what inspired that?”
“Pardon?”
“Is there a problem?”
"No, no, it's—no, I'm sorry, I just didn't...wow, I didn't expect that," I say, sputtering through the words that refuse to congeal into a single cohesive sentence. "I love you too." And then I'm smiling, and he's smiling, and I think we're both tearing up. At least, I am. I sandwich his face with my other hand and plant another kiss. "I love you," I say when I pull away. Another kiss. "I love you." Another kiss. "
He rolls over to me. I have to say, I kind of enjoy watching America’s favorite poster-boy scooting his way across my floor. He folds his arms across my work table and peers at my organized chaos with that indifferent yet slightly disapproving expression of his, and asks,  “What’cha need?”
Steve and Rhodey charge to the left, Sam takes the right, and I fly to the top of the tree line to get a better vantage point. Red lights flash from the small windows, one of which Natasha has already blown open with her gun. An alarm shrieks in protest— It seems Scott's apprehension was warranted.
Blame is a slippery slope, and one that I’m more apt to fall down while sitting through an endless flight. Maybe I shouldn’t have said anything.
"You're funny, man. You know this is serious, right?"
I take a long, indulgent sip before answering. “I’m not laughing.”
I turn to my counterparts. "Can I...get a few minutes? Alone?"
"Steve."
"I love you too," he mumbles. I almost can't hear it.
The left gun adjusts its aim and fires. In a moment of over-confidence and raging adrenaline, I duck out of the way of one beam and directly into the other's line of fire, allowing a stray beam to carve into the small of my back. I yelp and fall to the side, flipping around just in time to send another pulsar blast towards the offending target—
Not all nights are created equal. Some are endless voids, begging to be filled with something other than restless busy-work and distractions. Perhaps sleep would fix the problem, but it also happens to be the root of the issue; the longest nights are always the ones when my brain is too loud to sleep.
───── ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ ─────
“Hey, you said it, not me.”
Steve watches me for a few minutes as I finish cutting up the carrots and slide them from the cutting board into the wok.
⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅
I shake my hand out. The repulsor springs to life. I lift off of the ground slowly, and to my relief, evenly. The energy distribution is perfect.
Nat frowns into her glass. “We’ve all lost so much. But Tony…I think he’s had the hardest recovery.”
"Not as long as
"Oh, Steve. You should know by now that things are never 'settled down' with me."
T: No, I'm sorry, I probably shouldn't have brought it up.
“When aren’t you?”
Sam shakes his head and turns to Natasha. “Nat, once Scott gives the all-clear, you’re going to sneak into the control room through this window—” he points again, “And download their schematics.”
His eyes widen like a child that’s just been given the green light to gorge himself on Halloween candy. He turns back around in his seat and I can hear passionate crinkling, followed by Scott tipping the whole bag into his mouth like a shot.
“Well, nightmares, I suppose. About the snap. About…both of the snaps.”
It's a long walk. None of us offer to break the silence, not even Scott—and my apprehensions are only solidified when we crest the hill. The facility is a massive brick of a building. Flat, expansive and rectangular, built mostly of steel with very few openings beyond a couple tiny inlaid windows. Most of the traffic seems localized on opposite sides of the building, where operatives are coming and going in single-file lines. It's a bottleneck, tough to get into under normal circumstances, and the only element playing into our favor is that of surprise.
"Tony." I grab a fistful of Scott's shirt and force him to face me, in the moment not apologetic for the wince of pain I caused. "Where is he, Lang?"
But what if...
"Yes sir." He scrambles to perch on the stool across from me. His backpack is heavy enough to throw him off balance, so he swings it around to cradle it in his lap.
I try to go back to sleep under the assumption that he just went to use the restroom, but as minutes tick by without his return, I start getting antsy. I crawl out of bed and step out into the hallway, immediately wishing that I had put on anything other than my boxers; there’s a draft circulating through the house, and it sends goosebumps crawling up my bare skin. “Tony?” I whisper. No response.
“Hey, whoa, are you okay?” Rhodey says, grabbing my arm.
. The king requests it.”
“It’s okay. I just got worried when you didn’t come back.”
"Mhm."
I freeze. It's a reflex, more than anything. My thumb hovers on his cheek. "Wh—what?"
He turns to look at me, and his surprised expression melts into a smile. "Well, well, well. Look who it is. The one and only Captain America, in my hospital room...tell me, did I sign up for the make-a-wish foundation? Is this a subtle way of telling me I'm gonna die after all?"
"Scott?" Sam repeats, louder and more insistent this time. The panic is spreading; it's not localized to me anymore, it's palpable in the air. "Scott, you son of a bitch, can you hear us?"
"Shit," I say under my breath. "That can't be good."
“You don’t know the half of it.”
I stare at his prosthetic.
It’s about a hour drive to get to the facility, and we’re split into two cars— Sam, Scott, and Rhodes in one, and myself with Tony and Natasha. Tony had tried to insist on flying there in his suit, but the idea was quickly shot down— about as quickly as he would have been. It’s not worth the risk.
They brandish their glasses with a hint of apprehension.
He extracts his phone from the cheesy mess and salutes with it, stringing mozzarella across his face. “Yes, sir.”
“It’s a screwdriver, Cap. If you think I’m gonna trust you with my ‘fancy’ stuff, I’m taking you to the hospital for head trauma,” I reply, and then gesture to my hand that’s sitting on the table. “There’s a plate on the base of my wrist that I need you to unscrew. I’d do it myself, but I’m working with…minimal assets, here.” I do a singular jazz hand.
The nurse leads me down a long, sterile-smelling hallway, stopping at his door and stepping aside to let me enter.
I sit up rigidly, hit by the force of his words. “What? No. I like you, Tony. Sorry…I thought that was obvious when I invited you on a date.”
"What are you looking at?" he asks. "Do I have something in my teeth? Hospital food is terrible, did you know that? I think I'll have spinach between my molars for years to come."
“That’s not—”
The sounds are getting louder, and the pressure in my skull is heightening to an alarming degree.
that resonates through my head as their body makes contact with the wall. There's no time. There's no room for weakness. Regrets have to come later.
───── ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ ─────
Bruce strays from my side, giving me a pat on the back on his way past. I nod.
I hold up my shield and point the jagged edge towards his leg, watching as the confusion drains from his face.
“Yes, Tony.”
Sam chews on this for a second. "Or..."
"I do. I'm not fucking leaving you."
"Or they're evacuating."
"I wish it had been under better circumstances."
I don't have time to admire my handiwork before I'm jumped from behind. My attacker wraps their arms around my neck and squeezes with all their might, and all I can do is engage my thrusters, sending both of us rocketing backwards. I try to ignore the ungodly
This time, it's because of what I'm leaving behind.
⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅
“God, this is the pits. I feel like I’m back in high school. Can I just kiss you already?”
“Okay.” He turns it down again. “Lets say, hypothetically, they accept that. Are we just gonna pretend to not give a shit about each other for this whole mission?”
I wince. “Nick Fury, what a surprise. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“Right,” I parrot. “No, yeah, Grandpa needs his beauty rest. Wouldn’t want to keep you up past…” I check my watch, “10pm.”
I wrap my arms around his waist and tug him close. "Of course not. You'd never unpack anything if I didn't oversee it."
He turns his head a little. I think he's trying to look at me. "That's not for me to decide. But I'm with you, no matter what you choose to do." He yawns mid-sentence and flops a limp hand onto my face. "No matter where you go."
"Steve's Sweet Ass."
“Anything for you, dear. But really, The Life of Iron Man makes a really good coffee table book…”
"Nah, I just feel like we need to ride off into the sunset or something to really top it off."
“No?”
"Scott!" Rhodes shouts. "Jesus, we need to get him to a doctor. Now."
I heave a sigh and, clinging to Tony for balance, drag my left foot underneath me. It sets me into panicked motion once again, struggling to keep both of them in line. They want to go backwards or forwards independent of each other, leaving me to shuffle in place. Tony squeezes my arm tighter.
I shoot him a glare with enough fire behind it to melt this whole damned pond. He counters it with a wink.
He contemplates this for a moment, nodding slowly, scratching his beard. He seems to come to a conclusion, because he extends a hand and says, “I’ll teach you.”
I hop into the bathroom and crank the water as hot as it’ll go without leaving third degree burns, then disconnect my arm and cover the shoulder piece with a shower cap. I need to figure out a better system for that. If anyone else saw me like this, I think I’d die.
Everything is a blur, made hazier still by the smoke catching in my lungs. The door is a foggy beacon guiding me to the light. I run towards it. Run, run, keep running. I don't allow myself to stop until my feet hit the grass, and I collapse to my knees in front of Nat and Sam. They're yelling something. I can't hear it. One final shockwave washes over us as the facility finally implodes on itself, and I bend over Tony in an attempt to shield him from the flying debris. He turns his face into my bare chest.
“Fair. We also learned not to put our picks in the ice.”
“So…what did we learn?” he says once we’ve slid to a stop.
Tony’s standing on a platform, in the process of being bundled up in his Iron Man armor. An older model, not nanotech— an old trusty, I would suppose. He turns to me and opens his helmet. He looks about as tired as I feel—dark under-eye bags, red eyes, lips are pursed into almost a straight line. The garage door is open, letting in gusts of frigid night air, sending fresh bumps sprawling across my body. I rub my arms.
“Come down real easy, sideways. I got you.”
"Jesus, that sounds like a wedding vow. I know we're moving fast, but not that fast..."
“Think you’re gonna be alright on this mission?”
I sit up and pry the guards off, tossing them in the snow next to Tony’s. My blades shine against the glare of the lantern. They’re taunting me, reminding me how real this is. I consider sitting here for the rest of the night; I mean, the seat of my pants is already wet, I might as well be Tony’s cheerleader from the sidelines. That doesn’t sound so bad.
⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅
The waitress fills our glasses with ice water. I thank her, take a sip. “Maybe I was saving it for someone special.”
“Oh. Uh, wow…thanks,” I say. Is that the best response I can come up with? He’s making me flustered, and he’s not even in the room. “Sorry for calling so late. And then falling asleep on you.”
"Doesn't look much like a facility to me. Is it so top-secret that I can't even see it?" I say.
I brace myself against the counter and stare into the mirror. A tired man stares back at me. My eye bags give my emotional baggage a run for its money.
I sigh and pull up a barstool for myself. "The bar is a metaphor, Mr. Parker, sit your butt down."
“You have no faith, Cap. When have I never been honest with you?”
SHIP: Stony
We both whip around to face Sam, standing in the doorway, looking like he just crawled out of a zombie apocalypse. His eyes are nearly glued shut, and he’s leaning against the doorframe to keep himself from falling down.
"That's all I ask."
“I’m good with this,” I say. Mostly because I don’t want to let go of his hands.
───── ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ ─────
I reach over and set my open hand on the table, leaving it there until he hesitantly lays his own hand on top of mine. I give his a squeeze. “I want you, Tony. Can you accept that?”
I rocket out of the trees, weaving between their fresh barrage of beams, and send a couple of my own in retaliation. The middle gun explodes on impact. Satisfying.
“Really, it’s fine.”
My hunch is correct, he gravitated back towards the wall of alcohol.
I throw an underhanded punch. The bag swings backwards, and I counter it with double the force. Somehow, it’s still not enough to knock it off its chains.
I give him a look, as does Sam. Tony’s leaning back in his chair, nearly far enough to tip over, and is nursing a margarita he ordered from room service. Sam clears his throat.
“Probably Fury,” Steve counters.
"So what you're saying is, you're a freeloader."
Steve hands me a pair of crutches, which I'm eager to accept. Even hobbling feels so freeing. He hovers by my side and lends a hand for support when I need it, and I pretend that I don't until I get to the stairs. Then I'm appreciative of his chivalry.
Rhodey nudges me gently. "So, Steve, you gonna help keep this one in line?"
"I'm not—"
"Sounds perfect," I say. "I have a toast I'd like to make."
Fat snowflakes swirl lazily in the air and melt as they hit my skin. The whole yard is swathed in a white blanket, covering everything like a fluffy layer of soundproofing. It looks picturesque. Fake.
“…And then I decided to catch up on my reading…still there, Tony?”
My phone rings while I’m blotting the sweat from my forehead. I check the caller ID—Tony’s face stares back at me, that blurry selfie he took when he put his contact in. “Hello?”
"Eh, I'm pretty much a pro at limb regeneration at this point, I think I'll manage."
“It also wasn’t a question, Tony. I’ve put up with your little vacation for as long as I could afford to, but it’s time to suit up and step back up to the plate. I expect to see you at the airport within the next two hours,” Fury says. “Oh, and make sure to pack some T-shirts, you’re going to California.”
Tony lowers his brows and rocks his chair forward to land, loudly, on all legs once again. “No. I’ll do it.”
“Alright, let’s see what we can do,” I say under my breath.
He doesn’t respond.
It’s an unassuming envelope, addressed simply to
LOGLINE:
"I'm sorry, Steve." His voice breaks. "I didn't want this to happen. And I— I didn't mean to say the things I said. I'm sorry I couldn't—"
still alive," I say, sidling into the room fully and closing the door behind me. I pull out the flowers from behind my back—an array of red and yellow roses—and he makes a grabbing motion.
I watched her die. One of Thanos’s lackey’s speared her straight through the heart. That day, I could’ve sworn it kept going straight through mine.
“Smartass.”
"Whatever the hell I want to, I suppose." He runs his fingers in small lines up and down my back. "Move in or not...I hope you'll be there for that. Whatever it is."
My shield snaps.
It's like a switch. Suddenly, he's considering me in a different light. "Me too." A silence passes, and he fills it with a deep sigh. "You know, Steve...it's not the first time I was faced with death."
I scan his face. I don’t think he’s joking this time, either. “You
I take a tentative step forward, placing my right foot on the edge of the ice. It immediately slips out from under me, and Tony has to throw out his other arm across my chest to keep me from falling flat on my face. “Steady, Cap, you got this.”
"Tony—"
His hands trace circles around my hips. "We should tell them."
I pull up to a red light and take the opportunity to shoot him an incredulous look. “What, you’re not suggesting that we tell them, are you?”
“Stranger than usual?”
“For the first time? Very. Like, right now? Not at all. Though I probably still have morning breath, so I don’t know how much of a pleasant experience that would be for you.”
⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅
He hands the smoldering metal back to me."Do it now. Don't hesitate."
“Well, in that case, you’re welcome.”
I kill the thrusters, spread out my arms, and fall. Backwards, spread-eagle. Eyes closed. Letting the wind pass through me, around me, whispering sweet nothings in my ears.
S: Sometimes. It's been a long time. A long, long time.
“Is this a joke to you?” he snaps. “Is this all a joke to you?”
"Tony, what are you doing?"
“What made you change your mind about the party?”
“I want a refund. What made you change your mind?”
“What are you talking about?” Tony says, flashing me an incredulous look.
"Steve," Tony says again. "This isn't a question anymore. You have to go while you still can."
I turn back to the stove and use my microphone to stir the sizzling veggies. “Goo Goo Dolls. Interesting choice,” I say. “I would have expected, like…old person music.”
The idea that maybe I just want to see his face again pops up in the back of my mind. I push it down, save it for later. Tony’s been taking up residence in my thoughts for far too long already, I don’t want to give him the satisfaction of knowing he keeps me up at night. I like to think I’m above that.
," Sam snaps.
This isn't the fight I care about. What I wouldn't give to take him aside, lay it all on the line, apologize and hear him say it back—instead, I'm left with unanswered questions and no time for answers. Do you still see a future in me?
"Tony, I know how rough this last mission was on you, but—" Nat starts.
He peers out the passenger window, and I follow his gaze. It looks exactly as I remember it when I was young, except for the fact that it’s now squeezed between two giant office buildings. It’s a modest restaurant, with very few bells and whistles beyond a touch-up paint job on the rotting trim. The windows are foggy and radiate warm orange light that reflects off of the snow. The neon “open” sign is missing it’s “O”, but it’s glowing nonetheless.
───── ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ ─────
I close my menu and hand it to her. “Two eggplant parmesean’s, please.”
No response. I slap his cheek gently, to the same result, and then once more, not so gently. He spasms into consciousness and lets out a shout. "Wh—what's—"
I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to fully predict Tony's next move, though I can say with decent certainty that I've gotten better at rolling with the punches. He has a way of keeping me on my toes. (Exhibit A: the signed copy of The Life of Iron Man he gift-wrapped and hand-delivered to me the other day. It's now sitting on my coffee table as promised.)
“I’m listening.”
"No one could have expected it," I continue, "But, uh...unexpected things happen all the time, and it's not always bad. Sometimes things happen, and it's confusing at first, but in the end you decide that you still love and support your friend and don't want to hurt his feelings. So you reserve your judgment for when he's turned around and out of earshot. You know?"
“What made you agree to this mission?”
“No, we’re not,” Tony says. “We’re fine. Right, Steve?”
I wish I could bundle up this moment and keep it in my pocket. Steve's eyes shining like the reflections on the ocean, soft music wafting on the breeze from someone else's speakers, junk food dripping grease between us...none of this would come out in a photograph, but it's worthy of a frame.
[Another pause]
“It’s scary as hell, but…yeah, I think I like it.”’
"Give me the shield."
He flies upward for what feels like ages before I feel him turning forward, leveling off. He slows down a bit, just enough that I can open my eyes again and squint against the wind. When I look down, I can’t help but utter a “Wow.”
Tony dips down and starts flying almost vertically in the other direction, then swoops back up again before hitting the treetops. A shout escapes my lips, followed by dazed laughter.
“Hmm, but do I trust you?” he says, and this time I’m almost positive that he’s kidding because his smirk has broken out into a full-faced grin.
Rhodey shakes his head.
I return to the cabin with as much poise as I can muster. Rhodey is sitting alone a couple seats back, and I take the opportunity to slide in next to him. He glances at the dark spot on my pants and raises an eyebrow. “Rough flight already?”
"Waiting for your signal," Natasha replies.
I reach around him to point at the screws, and he dutifully gets to work. It doesn’t take him long. He manages to pop open the panel, revealing an intricate system of wires, sensors, and a couple override buttons. “What now?”
“No, right, of course not, because that would be…bad? I’m unclear. Why are you here?”
“Don’t answer that.”
⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅
I can’t help but remember the feeling of Tony’s warm breath on my neck as he gave me instructions, standing so close that his body brushed against mine. All those little looks, those little comments. Words I used to believe to be empty, but that night, felt so loaded.
“You’re going to shoot yourself in the face one of these days if you’re not careful.”
He stops sharply, spraying shaved ice behind him. “Wait, really?”
"I'm not gonna pass that up," Nat says.
Tony: How cute, on a scale of 1-10?
I take a sip of my drink. It’s a little too fruity, with a bitter aftertaste that kicks me in the throat.
He glides back to the shoreline. “You’re not fucking with me? The great Captain America can’t ice skate?”
“You can skip the formalities, Stark. You’re needed back in the field. We’re on the verge of busting a new Hydra facility, and I need you to be there.”
“Uh…no?”
“Technically, you could’ve.”
I bust through a door at the end of the corridor and stumble into what looks like a storage area, filled with metal shipping containers and about fifteen operatives engaged in combat with Sam. They don't notice when I enter, though it seems they have other priorities; one of them yells something indiscernible, and runs for the back door with the others soon in tow. Sam sends a few final shots their way before dropping down from his flight and staring after them, obviously as confused as I am.
T: Ooh, Mr. America said a naughy word! Am I rubbing off on you, already?
Steve stands and makes his way over to my other side, wrapping an arm around my waist. Partially, I'm sure, because I've begun to wobble, though the gentle squeeze tells me it's also more than that. It's an acknowledgment. Our own personal celebration.
It works. We work.
“Heh, yeah,” I say. “Right.”
“Do you have ice skates?”
“The feelings are mutual, Tony. It’s not about pity.”
I kiss his neck, right below his ear. He turns his face into the back of my head and tightens his grip on my waist.
“It’s a mom-and-pop type establishment,” I say, as we pull up alongside Antones. “Not exactly the fanciest—” At this, he makes a tutting sound, “—but it’s one of my favorite restaurants in the city. It’s been around since I was a kid. So, you know, a really long time.”
"Thank you," Steve says, pointedly ignoring my previous statement— though his smirk gives him away. "Have a great day."
"Listen, Pete, I'm sure the news has reached you already..."
Steve raises an eyebrow.
“I— you’re— here. Huh. Um, did we…?”
have to be,” he says, frowning. “It’s unreasonable to expect you to go back before you’re ready.”
"What do you want me to do, kick it?"
S: I'm moving out.
He stands up and sidles out of the aisle, disappearing behind the back curtain. I sink deeper still into my chair and try to stop my legs from shaking. We’re in for a long flight, and I can’t imagine myself sleeping, so I’m gonna have to get used to it. Or, at least, pretend that I’m used to it.
"Get the fuck out!! Now!"
"Nat, what's that fucking download at?"
The building rumbles again, a tremor coursing from the depths of their facility. They must be planning to sink the whole place, get rid of all the evidence; including me.
“Yeah?” I say, arching an eyebrow. “Come to any conclusions?”
Another pause.
“Thank you,” I say, after a long bout of silence.
“…extremely important. Sam will fill you in on the rest of the details when you arrive.”
I cup his face in my hands and plant a slow, gentle kiss beside his lips. “A future.”
“You know how I spent those five years after the snap, Steve?” he says, then continues before waiting for a reply. “I spent those five years working myself to the bone trying to figure out how to bring everyone back. I spent those five years sleeping for two hours a night, and dreaming of all the ways I would make Thanos pay. And then we did make him pay…and I don’t feel better.”
He picks up his fork again and chases a slice of eggplant around his plate. He stabs into it with an ungodly squeak. “Then what is it about? What made you change your mind? You know, about me?”
“Tell me when, F.R.I.D.A.Y.”
The moon is almost full overhead, filling the valley I’ve nestled myself into with a wash of blue light. I can see nearly everything, though there’s not much to see beyond miles and miles of snow-frosted trees and the dirt road that leads to my house. I follow that road until it branches onto the main drag, and then keep going. Past more trees, towards the mountain.
Sam glares at us. “Well, you should get back to sleep. We have an early morning.”
The raw, genuine concern in his voice is enough to yank my heartstrings straight out of my chest. “Yes. I’m…yes. Better now, thanks to you.”
S: Aw, come on. We could get one of those tiny ones you could fit in a backpack.
“I just…sorry,” he says. “I don’t know what to say to that. I was expecting…”
I consider his eager face, his genuine smile, and calculate the likelihood of this being the timeline in which I manage to say no. The odds are slim to none. I suppose that’s how I got into this situation in the first place; he’s very persuasive, and I’m too soft to disappoint him. I take his hand.
"I'll settle for a burger."
“Of course.”
"Halfway. You think it jumped to 100% in a few minutes?"
"See? You know me so well."
"Well, first order of business...how about that heist? Boy, what a stinker. But hey, celebrate being alive, right? Cheers to that."
I shift my weight from foot to foot, visually contemplating the sequence of bad decisions I’m about to make. I invite Steve to step inside with a flick of my head and, to my surprise, he accepts. I close the door after him. “Can I get you a drink?”
He doesn’t respond to that, giving way to a tense silence. I’m not a fan of tense silences. They make me…tense.
“Dance with me, Tony.”
I consider Steve for a long moment, and then turn back to my desk, raising my hand to dismiss the program. It would be easy enough, just a quick flick of the wrist and they'd be neatly filed away, my little secret until it comes time to draft my will.
I line up the cut, brace the shield with both of my palms, and plunge it through his leg with all of my strength. He screams, but I can't hear it. All I hear are explosions. Rumbling. The symptoms of the time we've wasted, signaling our closing window of opportunity.
My mind is still clouded, reeling from what just transpired. I’m also a little winded. It’s like Tony sucked all the air from my lungs. I shake my head. “You’re unbelievable.”
I curse myself. Of course giving my life up for the sake of humanity was easy, because it didn't matter if I died as long as I took Thanos with me. I was kamikaze. Blinded by revenge. I had nothing to lose. Nothing mattered except killing one person, and as much as I hate to admit it...humanity came second. My death came second.
That hasn't stopped him from planting some delicate roots.
I outstretch my repulsars and send out blasts all around the room, not much caring where they land. My vision is starting to blur, head spinning like a top while I'm frozen in place. I keep shooting until someone's voice crackles again in my ear.
"Please, I'm not gonna give you the luxury of missing me. I'm moving back into Avenger Tower. Effective...soon, I don't know. Forgive me for not smoothing out the details, I just came up with it on the spot. Impressive, no?"
“Basement, with Nat and Rhodes.” He points to the back of the room. “It’s the door on the other side of the staircase.” He grabs my arm before I go, and I turn to face him again. “I gotta warn you, though, he’s in a…strange mood tonight.”
"I've noticed."
I brush off the log next to me— resigning myself to my regrets and a damp ass— and sit down. I try to put on the skates as quickly as I can despite my shaking fingers.
"Good. Because your first lesson is..." I squeeze his shoulder and lean in slightly, lowering my voice to a conspiratorial tone, "There's always a next time."
It’s not Tony that greets me, it’s Bruce. In all his green glory, all smiles, wrapped up in a red Christmas-themed cardigan that’s got reindeer on it. He’s pinching a beer between his fingers. “Steve! Hey, buddy!”
S: Are you jealous of a dog?
“Upgrades,” I offer. “I was actually in the middle of working when I was so rudely interrupted. Wanna see?”
“Well, it’s good have you back, in any case. Sam’s been doing recon for a while now, he says the place is crawling with operatives.  I thought we cut off the last of Hyrda’s nasty heads, but I guess they live up to their namesake. They’re quick to rebuild.”
He smiles. It's weak, but there's a renewed spark in his eyes. "Is that even a question?" I match his smile, however fleeting. We don't have time for sentimentality. "This is going to hurt. Bad. Can you take off your armor?"
"Can you build another one?" I ask. My voice is trembling worse than the facility. My whole body is trembling.
"Hospital," I wheeze. "Now."
“Right.”
"What?"
I wake up to the sound of rustling sheets beside me. “Tony?” I murmur. If he heard me, he doesn’t make it known. The door creaks open, spilling dull light into the room, and I catch a glimpse of his silhouette stumbling out before I’m left in darkness once again.
I stop at the base of the stairs. “Tony.”
He exhales a short laugh. “Understood.”
“You don’t have to lie to me, Steve. You’re not even on the same planet right now.”
He taps the reactor on his chest and the nanites shrink away, leaving Tony in only his shirt and jeans, which are dark with blood. His upper thigh is exposed, just enough to make the cut. I turn back to him. "You'll bleed out."
"Slow going," Natasha replies. "It's not even a quarter of the way downloaded. You're gonna have to buy me more time."
It takes me a minute to get my bearings again. I’m drenched in sweat, my blankets are halfway off the bed and tangled around my legs, and I’m gulping in air like I just ran a marathon. Every muscle in my body is tensed and ready for action. There are no actions left to take.
It’s quiet. Not silent, thanks to the AC/DC playing on low volume over my bluetooth speakers, but there’s a distinct lack of…Steve. Of anybody, I suppose. He’s the first person to come over. Not that people haven’t asked to see the place, but I’ve kept my distance since the final snap— the one that managed to fix everything except myself— and I’ve grown used to my heightened independence.
“Are we arguing? Ooh, our first spat as a couple. This is exciting.”
The California sun is so bright, and so hopeful.
Scott's voice returns, this time accompanied by labored breathing. "All set. I think."
“Stop distracting the driver.”
“Not a word.”
⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅
He frowns. “It’s not that.”
I bring up Steve's folder. Hundreds of logs of various lengths pop up. I lean back in my chair and let it roll away from my desk, clasping my hands behind my head. "FRIDAY, be a doll and shuffle all, won't you?"
I hang up and set down my phone. God, my heart rate has only increased, I don’t know why I thought that’d be a good—My phone is ringing. It’s the National Anthem. Shit.
"Your earpiece is broken," I say. "Take it out and come with me. Things are about to go south real fast."
I have a toast I'm going to try to make. My famous overconfidence is wavering now that I've been presented a window of opportunity, a lull in conversation. I've been lubing up my public speaking skills with cocktails all night, downing as many as Steve will allow me to ingest without inducing another Christmas Party Fiasco (his words, not mine, I think that was some of my finest work). I suppose I'm ready as I'll ever be.
He moves slowly and with purpose, guiding me in a slow circle as we sway. He closes his eyes and sings along under his breath, and I stare at him. It’s not just his face that’s perfect; everything about him is effortless, sure of himself yet understated. Everything inside me that’s wanted to punch him in his perfect nose from day one and take him down a peg like the rest of us, is now replaced with an ever-present urge to kiss him. To try and break off a piece of his quiet confidence and keep it for myself. Maybe his love could scrub me clean of all my impurities.
I step inside and close the door after me, faced once again with the emptiness of my apartment. I’ve only taken off one of my shoes when I hear something outside that catches my attention— I roll up my blinds just in time to see Tony flying away, fully gussied up in one of his nanotech suits. I shake my head. Smiling despite myself.
She nods. I pick up my bouquet from the table— it's smaller than I'd like, the best I could do while staying within a close proximity to the hospital— and follow the nurse through a pair of double doors. I hope the two of them don't think it's strange, buying him flowers. I mean, Nat bought him a stuffed bear, and Rhodes got him a semi-sarcastic helium balloon, so maybe it evens out. I don't have the energy to over-think it. The romantic ambiguity of my bouquet feels like an insignificant thing to worry about within the grand scheme of things.
Tony looks back up at me. There’s a fire behind those dark eyes. “Why now? Do you pity me or something? Is that all this is? A pity party for a broken man?”
“You know I’m already awake now, right? You might as well tell me what’s going on.”
For a moment, I consider calling him, asking him to meet me somewhere, talk, spew all my problems onto a willing ear. Just a moment, though.
“…Eleven.”
I drop my hand.
“Cool, thanks. Be there at 6. Bundle up, buttercup, I don’t wanna make another capsicle.”
Another long pause, on both ends.
He’s quiet for a while longer, alternating between staring out the windshield and passenger window. I catch the motions out of the corner of my eye. It’s strange; for so long I’ve known Tony as a colleague, an enemy, a hesitant friend, yet I’ve never been so hyper aware of his presence. Every sniff, shift, adjustment of his seatbelt, it’s all a concrete reminder that we’re really doing this. This is actually happening. Oh god, I wish he would pinch me. Or punch me. Either one would feel more familiar.
“Heh.”
“Me too.” I tap the sides of my thermos with my fingernails. “I’m learning to just enjoy the moment.”
He doesn't argue further. I reposition my shield and grit my teeth. Tony warms up his thrusters. This time, I push with everything that I didn't even know I had. All my remaining strength, determination, desperation. The pillar shifts further, and Tony sends out a strong blast from his repulsars—still, it's not enough. Even with our force combined, he doesn't budge. He disengages, but I refuse to stop. I can't.
“My pleasure.”
“What time?”
"Their system's tight. I can only hope I pulled the right plug."
He tries to pass me the backpack filled with borrowed items and dollar-store toiletries, and I just push it back into his hands. "Keep em. You can huff my gym shorts if you get lonely."
He reaches out again and takes my hand. I perch at the edge of his bed. He doesn't say anything for a while, giving me time to drink him in. I feel like I'm seeing him in his entirety—every breath, every twitch of his finger, every slight contraction of his facial muscles. His hair is a mess, and there's a strand that's sticking straight up. It wiggles when he turns his head. You'd miss it if you weren't paying attention. All I want to do is pay attention.
“Good.”
“We’re fine!” me and Tony snap in unison. Our eyes meet, and Tony’s eyebrow arches.
to missing it."
I break into a smile and grab him by the lapels of his fancy jacket, pulling him into a kiss much different than our first. This time I’m ready for it, and Tony seems almost unsure, though his lips quickly soften to match mine. When I back off, his mouth chases after me, brushing my chin in the process. He keeps his eyes closed for an extra second.
I pull up to a stop on top of Mount…I actually don’t remember what it’s called. I’ve been calling it Iron Mountain for quite a while. Small mountain, impressive view. I open my helmet, taking a deep breath of the cutting night air, and release it in a visible cloud. I dust some snow off of a rock and take a seat. There I remain, scanning the valley, the roads, the twinkling lights of the nearest city in the distance, until I can’t feel my face anymore and need to fly home.
“Thanks, Gordon Ramsey. Means a lot.”
“I know, I know.” He runs a hand through his hair. “Wishful thinking, I suppose.”
And then he actually does punch me, lightly, on the arm. “Punch buggy,” he says. “No punch backs.”
I twist my torso as much as I can to get a better look at my captor: a concrete pillar. I grit my teeth until I feel my jaw pop. There's no time for this. I barrage the pillar with blasts from my repulsars, to little effect other than a fresh influx of pain and an ominous groan from the catwalk.
I clear my throat. "You know, there's...something else I should probably add to my toast. If you'll humor me."
“Gonna have to be.”
Everyone raises their glasses, and the room is filled with a chorus of overwhelming positivity. It chokes me up a little bit, looking out at a crowd of friends and knowing, for certain now, that they'll refuse to leave my side for anything. And then Steve sets his glass down and grabs me by the chin, pulling me into a kiss.
“If you take me to Olive Garden, looking like
“Bad leftovers, am I right?” I say, capping it with an uneasy laugh.
“I mean, calling them ‘blasters’ is a little diminutive, don’t you think?” It’s equipped with fully functional heat-seeking lasers, a pulsar ray, and a few other tricks I’d rather keep hidden up my metal sleeve, mostly because Steve would give me a whole spiel about “safety” and “regulations”. Yawn.
Steve: Well, there's not much to talk about. We were a small family. Never had much. Never needed much.
“Nat checked up me last week. See, I have this little thing called a cell phone, maybe you’ve heard of it?”
Steve’s phone starts ringing.
"Tony, can you get there?" Rhodey says.
I hit a button on the wall and watch my garage door creak open as I step onto my assembly platform, allowing myself to be swaddled in the only constant in my life. I need a test run. I need some air. I need to get a fucking grip.
"Maybe if you were wearing ass-less chaps."
“I surely don’t.” I pick up my menu and scan it as if I don’t already know what I want. “I recommend either the lasagna or eggplant parm. They also have really good ravioli here.”
I laugh and plant a couple kisses in quick succession—first on his lips, and then a couple on his cheek and neck for good measure. He hums and rakes his blunt fingernails through my hair, which is something he's taken a liking to doing lately. He likes that it's grown out a bit in the last few months, and seems personally offended if I mention my need for a trim.
"I still don't know either of you very well but yeah, love and support!" Scott shouts, pumping his fist in the air. I blow him a kiss.
Tony, unmoving.
I stare down at my thermos, through the plume of steam it’s expelling. There are little marshmallows bobbing at the surface.
Like Steve. He seems happy, all smiles and gentle touches on Nat’s arm. He has such a great smile, and under normal circumstances it would warm my heart, but today all it does is wrench it. It’s like he’s shoved a knife between my ribs and is twisting it further with each passing moment. The worst part is, it’s not his fault. He’s doing exactly what I wanted him to do. I shouldn’t be the one sulking.
The recording comes to an end, and there's a few moments of silence before it cycles to the next one, dated for a couple months later.
I grab him by the shoulder, rough enough to recapture his attention. “I don’t need your book, Tony. I need you to be honest with me. Can you do that?”
“I’m fine, just—I’m fine.” I dart back to the bathrooms, where I immediately fall to the floor in a desperate attempt to ground myself. I stay kneeling until my breathing starts to regulate again, and my vision starts clearing up, and the room is no longer spinning around me. I pull myself to my feet and flush the toilet. Wash the dirt off my hands, splash water on my face. Pat myself dry. Talk myself down.
───── ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ ─────
He keeps talking. I stop fighting it and close my eyes, letting his words drift through my subconscious until I, too, drift off and find myself dreaming of criminally boring errands, narrated by the one and only Steve Rogers.
"Is that your backhanded way of asking me to move in?"
⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅
Sam rolls up the paper with a snap. “Dismissed.”
I watch him recede out of sight and brace myself as another, stronger tremor courses through the catwalk, shifting the pillar slightly and sending a fresh surge of agony up to my hip. It only confirms my suspicions: this building is going to come down on top of me one way or another, and fast.
“Take a seat, Mr. America.”
“Looking forward to it.”
───── ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ ─────
I fall in after Rhodey, and I think Steve's behind me. I try to ignore the burning feeling in my stomach, and the tightness in my chest. This is fine.
I can see Rhodey controlling the flow of guards, who have started flooding out the door like homeless ants. Steve is making quick work of anyone that gets through Rhodey's fire— He already has one on the ground, and another knocked backwards with a shield to the chest. My breath hitches. Steve fights like a deadly ballerina, hyper focused and graceful, allowing nothing to deter him from his goal. And god, his ass looks so good in those pants.
He furrows his brow. "What is it?"
“This is so embarrassing.”
My second cup of coffee turns to lead in my stomach. “Ha. Good one.”
I sigh. Consider the can of worms open.
"You're sure?"
He whips around to face me, stumbling over his own feet and catching himself on the counter in the process. Tipsy like a first-time drunk. “Cap! You’re, ah, still here. Good, good. Goooood,” he says, drawing out the last word as if he doesn’t know what it means.
"You bastards," Natasha interjects. "I can't believe you managed to keep this from me for this long. The clues were right there, too—I should've known from the second you two started bickering like a married couple."
“Good. Any other objections?”
“About what?” Tony pops the cork. It goes flying over Rhodey’s head, who scrambles to cover his face.
He just looks at me.
“800 feet until impact.”
“You aren’t scared of heights, right?” he asks.
“It’ll be easier when we’re moving. You can’t just stand here forever,” he says.
I finish assembling my arm and stretch it out, rotating it gently until the shoulder clicks into its proper place. It’ll do for now. I check the time; it’s only been an hour since he left.
“I can’t answer that for you.”
"What are you gonna do after things are all settled down?" I ask.
“Irrelevant.”
He launches into some rambling story that I immediately tune out of. I take a seat in an empty row opposite Rhodey and look out the window, eventually pretending to take a nap so I don’t have to see the judgment on my friends faces. I don’t sleep, as expected.
He knows how to draw out my smile. The warmth spreads through my core, permeating every fiber of my being. "Tony Stark, I wouldn't miss it for the world."
“You’re good, I think I’ll keep you. How do you feel about assistant? Maybe errand boy?”
───── ⋆⋅☆⋅⋆ ─────
Lang was already admitted, thanks to Rhodes, and got a couple stitches in his shoulder. They wrapped him up real nice, prescribed him some painkillers and some serious down-time. Sam took him back to the hotel— which we've been forced to extend our stay at— leaving me, Natasha, and Rhodes to wait for the all-clear to visit Tony. Of course they need to make sure he's stable before we can go see him, but my anxiety spikes with each passing minute.
A sigh, now, that makes his whole body shudder. “Okay, what now? What does this mean for us?”
The whole time, my mind is somewhere else. It’s
“I feel like a baby deer.”
I reengage my repulsors and spin to right myself, rocketing forward in a horizontal path once again and knocking some snow off of the treetops as I pass by.
“Alright.” He starts recounting his day with agonizing—and appreciated— detail. Woke up at 6, hit the gym, got lunch at that deli,
“What size are your feet?”
The bathroom the door is open, and the lights are off inside. He’s not in the kitchen or the living room, and it’s too dark to see anything beyond the basement stairs. That only leaves one place I could imagine he’s gone.
S: Un-ratable. He was a super fluffy, some kind of German Shepherd mix. I swear he winked at me, Tony.
No time like the present, I suppose.
Tony blinks, seemingly in slow motion. “Doing what?”
Tony.
With that, I follow his directions down some rickety wooden steps and into a cement-floored room, lit by a few incandescent overhead bulbs. It’s sparsely decorated; there’s a large circular rug, a few armchairs and a couch facing a flatscreen TV, some unopened cardboard boxes, and a bar on the other side of the room that Tony, Natasha, and Rhodey are currently congregated around. Nat sits on a barstool, nursing some sort of cocktail, and Rhodey’s leaning against the counter. Tony stands behind the bar, mixing something. His face is already flushed with the warmth of a few drinks. He looks up when I enter, and I swear his smile falters for just a moment. Then its back to beaming.
“I don’t think you actually want me to do that.”
“Uncultured. Who even let you in here?”
“You’re halfway there. Keep going,” he says.
I whip around to face her. “Stay clipped in, I swear to god.”
And then there are three, because Steve is sitting on my couch.
“Then I’m sure you wouldn’t mind footing the bill?”
“Goodnight, Tony.”
“Hey, Bruce,” I say, giving him a hearty smack on the bicep. “How are you?”
I extract a finger from my suit to press it up against his neck. He's still got a pulse, at least. "Scott, wake up."
"Are you ready?" Steve says under his breath. He's standing by my side, nearly shoulder-to-shoulder, still not meeting my eyes. Tense. Shield forward. A soldier, ready to fight.
I squint at him. “You’ll teach me.”
Tony splashes his feet idly. “You know, Cap, I was thinking…we’re at a hotel, why not make the best of it? We’ll get our own room, single bed, and pretend it’s an accident. You know, forget all the other stuff.”
It took a few prototypes for Tony to settle on a design that he's satisfied with—a fleeting sentiment, anyway— and for the swelling to go down enough for him to start constructing a more long-term model. He's nearly done, save a little tightness in the knee joint that puts some extra spring in his step, literally and metaphorically. He revels in the extra mobility regardless.
My smile dissipates. I step a little closer, still holding onto his arm. “You okay?”
“I can’t figure you out, Tony. I really can’t,” he says. “I can never tell when you’re flirting, or just egging me on, or when kisses actually mean something to you, because it certainly meant something to me. Meanwhile, you were drunk to the point of standing on the bar screaming Brittany Spears songs.”
“Nat’s been helping me expand my music taste,” he says.
"You're the one that invited me inside."
Right, the point.
Scott shuffles out of the way and I stalk past him to the bathroom, shutting the door behind me and leaning against it. I can feel the low thrum of the plane vibrating through my skull. When my brain’s been thoroughly scrambled, and the ginger ale has had time to thoroughly soak through my pants and my briefs, I grab a fistful of paper towels and get to work sponging up the mess. There’s only so much I can do. I’m cursed to have damp jeans for most of the flight, I guess.
I massage my temples. It’s far too early to be nursing a headache already. “Why don’t you go ask, Scott? And while you’re up, see if you can get me a Margarita.”
He comes around the island to stand in front of me, less an an arms length away. Up close, the inch or two he has on me feels like a foot. “Okay,” he says, taking an authorial tone that sends chills down my spine. “Here’s what’s going to happen.”
When I exhale, it dissipates.
“…Is it the nightmares again?”
“Mhm?”
“Don’t be like that. Look, I didn’t mean— ”
"Oh, I'm— I can't drink, Mr. Stark," he says. It's painfully sincere. He's worrying the strap of his backpack, which is slung across his chest like a cross-body bag, and he's having trouble meeting my eyes.
“Excellent. Hold on.”
"Outside of what the Avengers think, just between you and me..."
He mouths something, but it's overshadowed by another, more insistent tremor that courses through the facility and sends another pillar crashing to the ground nearby. The pillar topples half of the ceiling in it's descent, showering us with stray rubble that I can only attempt to block with the remains of my shield. Tony takes in a sharp breath and folds his hand over mine.
“Sounds about right,” he says. “Need any help?”
And now there's something in my life that comes first, and I'm leaving them, for what? Because I wanted to prove something?
⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅
“Right. I’ll follow you,” I say, standing and giving Tony a lingering glance over my shoulder. He won’t meet my eyes. I suppose I should stop trying.
“What are you doing later?” I ask.
who I’m talking to. That’s the problem.”
“If I don’t get back into it…If I can’t just, get over this…then I don’t even know who I am anymore.”
That’s when my phone decides to vibrate itself nearly off the counter. I release Steve and pick it up, glancing at the suspicious lack of caller ID while Steve dusts the flour off of his shirt. “Probably spam,” I say.
Tony: What song was that?
Silence settles over the table.
Tony turns back to me. “What are we waiting for, then? Don’t just sit there and make me hungry.”
She offers a rueful smile, shakes her head. "I'm saying good luck."
"Right, sorry dear."
“Um…Yes? Physically, yes. Otherwise…Uh…Sorry, I know it’s late. I probably shouldn’t have called.”
“Falcon’s already on site,” Nick Fury explains from a projection at the front of the cabin. “He’s been monitoring suspicious activity for the past week— they’re transporting large shipments of unknown materials back and forth to a high-security facility, we’re talking off the grid, incredibly secretive. We have reason to believe they’re manufacturing weaponry there, but I can’t speak for what kind of weaponry, so be on your guard.”
“Want to try skating on your own?” he asks after completing a few laps.
“You’re coming over to my apartment next Friday. 8PM. We’re going to go out to dinner. No binge-drinking, just us, just honest conversation. Agreed?”
I accept it and take off the lid to find a brand-new pair of figure skates, bright white, staring back at me. I raise an eyebrow at him. “You, uh…didn’t need to buy these, you know. We could’ve gone to a rental place, or something...”
That's when something hits me. Something large, solid, heavy, coming down too fast to stop. I'm thrown the rest of the way onto the catwalk, barely managing to toss Scott to the side before I'm crushed into the metal with enough force to knock all the breath out of me, suit or not. There's a nasty crunch, and it doesn't take long at all to figure out it was my leg, not the floor. Agony floods from my ankle to my hip, reverberating in searing waves through my whole body. I know what broken bones feel like. This is worse. I can't move my leg at all, but it continues to be compressed; whatever is pinning me wants to keep going. It wants to take me with it.
“What, are you a realtor?”
He steps out of my workshop and waves on his way up the stairs. I salute in response.
“What?”
Tony downs a shot and slams the empty glass down on the bar so forcefully that I’m worried it might shatter. Thankfully, Tony’s glassware seems about as thick as the brick wall he’s built between the two of us. “F.R.I.D.A.Y, pour me another round,” he says, words thick and slurred, and waves his hand dismissively when his AI begins to warn him against getting more blasted than he already is. “No, no, don’t get up. I’ll pour it myself. Want somethin’? Whiskey, brandy? I have a nice Chardonnay if you’re a wine guy….”
A flash of blue fills my visor. I've barely registered it before I'm spiraling out of position, knocked aside by a sudden force on my right shoulder.
Sam points into the woods. "We're walking the rest of the way. I've routed a path that should avoid any tripwires. You all know your positions, right?" He waits for our nods and one-word confirmations, before turning and beckoning for us to follow. "Good. Lets move out."
"They're taking too long," I say. "I should go in there."
He unzips his duffle bag and pulls out a couple lanterns, one of which he nestles in the snow bank and the other which he slides out onto the ice. “For you,” he says, passing me a shoe-box.
"Steve—"
“Yes dear?”
I tell myself that it's okay. That I'd seen the end before, already stared it down and accepted it. I could do it again. I have to do it again. This is how it ends, for real this time, and I just have to lie here and wait for the inevitable. I should be a pro at this by now. But I'm not.
“Good, good,” he says, when I manage to stop flailing. “See, you’re alright. Wanna try to push off?”
When the dust settles, I feel Natasha's hands on my shoulders. She's still trying to say something. My ears are ringing.
“Funny.”
No response.
“Oh, for the love of god, Steve—the kiss meant something, alright? Is that what you wanted to hear? It fucking meant something and that scares me. But I really, seriously, think that you and me…maybe…we could be something. I don’t know. I’ve never—look, I’m rusty, okay? Cut me some slack.”
He nods with enough vigor to bounce a loose lock of hair directly into his eye. I wait until he's stopped fussing with it to speak again.
I take a deep breath, smooth out the napkin in my lap. “Okay. Look. I don’t know how to explain it, but…you’ve got this… drive. This spark. I overlooked it for a long time.”
I don’t blame him for not wanting to come out, to tell our friends and colleagues before he’s ready. It’s not that. I just can’t quiet the doubts in my head telling me that from his perspective, we were never going to be anything more than a casual affair. I curse myself for getting so invested.
“Tell me something, Steve.”
Tony sends a follow-up text.
The drive there is mostly devoid of conversation; I don’t think either of us have the right words to say. There are so many things we’ve swept under the rug for so long, that peeling it back is anxiety-inducing. Tony fills the void with 80’s rock blasted over the radio. He knows the words to most of the songs. I sneak glances at him every now and then, looking away when he tries to catch my eye.
I'm chuckling to myself until the next log comes on, and the smile immediately drops from my face. It's a segment of a conversation I have nearly memorized, now. One that I've gone back to on multiple occasions, and that leaves me with the most to think about.
“You’re not a charity case. I checked in on you because I care about you, not the other way around. And are we ignoring the fact that
“Pasta,” he repeats.
⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅
Ship: WandaVision
Without warning, Tony releases me— regardless of my shouts— and glides away from my grasp. I’m left spinning my arms like a pinwheel in a last-ditch effort to stay upright. “Tony!! What the hell?”
“You know I’m right.”
“They fit?” he asks, once I’m all laced up.
═══*.·:·.✧ ✦ ✧.·:·.*═══
“I haven’t heard a peep from you in months, Tony. Not many have. Am I wrong to be worried?”
My pity-party is rudely interrupted by a glass of something bubbly being shoved into my face. “I couldn’t get you a Margarita, but I got the next-best thing: ginger ale, and two bags of peanuts,” Scott says, as he spills most of the soda on my pants. I jump and make an inhuman noise, something between a squeal and a grunt.
T: Do you miss them?
“Kick-butt” was originally “Kick-ass”, before it was messily scribbled out. I shake my head.
“What can I say?” He shrugs, smirks. “You really do have America’s Ass.”
“Got it.”
Is it getting hard to breathe in here, or is that just me? Can Rhodey hear my heartbeat as clearly as I can? Is it getting hot, or is my palm just sweaty?
I let out a loud bark of laughter despite myself. “Really? I lay my heart on my sleeve, just to get a ‘that’s gay’?”
"Okay." He slings it over his shoulder and leans in for a kiss, which I eagerly accept. I'm only using one of my crutches, so I allow him to be my anchor, pushing against his broad chest and running my fingers through his hair. I gather it at the crown of his head and give a gentle tug.
"You look good, Tony."
I don’t feel like I’m getting it, but it’s a little less intimidating when I let him do all of the work. It’s enough of a challenge just to keep myself steady while he propels the two of us around the pond. I do manage to push off a couple times with minimal success, though. Followed by a couple stumbles.
Tony starts skating backwards. Showoff. “Good. Then get down here, dummy!”
I wake up to a headache so strong I would think it’s trying to split my head in two. I wipe the crust from my eyes and check the time on the watch I apparently never took off before going to bed—I also, apparently, didn’t change at all. I’m still wearing my dress shirt, halfway unbuttoned and rumpled to hell, and jeans. With a belt. I had to have been hammered to sleep in goddamn jeans and a belt. It’s also late; a good chunk of the day has gone by and my stomach is gurgling ominously as if to confirm that yes, I did indeed skip breakfast.
“Mhm. Good thing you’re a looker, or I’d report you to the authorities. I’m feeling generous tonight.”
He’s opened his visor and is staring out at the valley with a blank expression on his face.
⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅⋅☆⋅
“Oh..of course.”
“…bly good at kissing? Thanks, I know. Been practicing in the mirror for years.” He gestures to his lips. “The trick is to keep ‘em loose, especially when your opponent is stiff as a board.”
I snort.
He’s still watching me, chewing slowly.
"I feel like overcooked broccoli. I wanna get out of this bed and go home."
He turns to me once we're both settled in the car. "How do you feel?"
“Goodnight, Tony.”
He slaloms through the air with the grace of a trained pilot and pulls up to a stop on Mount Heremar. He lands on his feet and kneels down to let me slide off, unclip. My limbs feel like jelly, so it’s all I can do to stop myself from stumbling backwards. Tony extends an arm for balance, which I accept.
His tone worries me. It’s far too serious. I set down my own utensils and fold my hands in my lap, giving him my undivided attention. He sighs and runs a hand over his hair— which hasn’t moved an inch the whole night— and says, “Why now?”
Perhaps there was a hole in my plan to sit next to the person who knows my tells. It’s hard to hide things around him, especially when I’m in such a muddled head-space.
