“Then we’re on the right track,” said Dean, mounting the porch steps. He paused at the front welcome mat, which bore a Christian cross beside the ominous words,
Cas and Past-Cas entered to the inelegant display. Cas sighed once and moved by them, while Past-Cas tipped his head curiously but said nothing.
“She had these pamphlets,” Dean said, voice breaking through. He tipped his head back against the whitewashed wall. An anvil’s weight pressed on his chest, his ribs aching and straining, his lungs emptying. He hadn’t seen past the front cover, but he didn’t have to. They didn’t look like hate on sight—not like a pscyho’s découpage ransom note, no blatant calls for extermination, not even an overly-alarmed exclamation point to be found. Instead they presented tidy columns of facts. Fact: homosexuality is often caused by past sexual abuse. Fact: homosexual and bisexual men will die younger than regular men. Fact: homosexuals can and should overcome their attraction to the same sex.
“Cas and I will go scrounge up some supper,” said Sam, taking the keys to the Expedition. “The clerk mentioned a decent family restaurant. Should be back in half an hour. Don’t kill your double.”
“Never, Cas,” said Dean, letting the smile ease onto his face. “You don’t know it yet, but I want to look after you.”
Dean’s brow furrowed. “You got the wrong year,” he said. “You said it yourself. I’m nineteen.” Old enough to serve in the army. Old enough to vote.
It was at that moment that a golden seam opened in the corner of the library. Dean jerked his head up from the tumbled array of boxes.
He had her with that final, casually mentioned point. She didn’t turn welcoming all at once, but she got a satisfied look in her eye and nodded her head. “I heard Jacob MacPherson was selling. You bought the farmland off of him, then?”
“I mean that I got a lot of baggage,” Young Dean said instead. Past-Cas’ careful glance around said he was considering that too literally. “As in, you know, emotional baggage.”
“Enough,” Cas repeated. With Dean he could place a hand on his arm, thumb stroking in an idle, soothing gesture. “Teen-Dean? We shouldn’t have said anything. We
He could almost see Sam nodding his head, taking the moment for just what it was. An admission of affection. Of vulnerability. Countering the usual restraint. It wasn’t always easy for Dean to say when he appreciated something.
“This one,” said Cas, flipping back a couple of pages in the book he’d been reading, then sliding it across the table. “Here, I’ve read it over more than once.”
so upset about it,” said Sam. “It sounds like it’s some reassurance to you that Dean hasn’t done anything about it.”
“Seriously?” Dean bitched, crossing over to the desk, hands raised and kept clear of his pockets. “I’m not a shifter. I don’t want to cut myself. Cas, just show her you’re an angel. Do a party trick.”
“For starters, speak to me in your own time,” said Cas. “Tell him he needs to fix your memory, and to do it right. He still obeys the rules. He’ll know it’s the right thing to do.”
No one else seemed to find themselves fit to answer. Dean felt Sam’s eyes on him, but Dean wasn’t really seeing anything. His own past he couldn’t change, not without losing who he was. Not without risking things he didn’t want to give up. But Young Dean…
“Sounded like mumbo-jumbo to me,” said Dean, staring down at Past-Cas. Young Dean knew that expression. Concern and confusion but, more than anything, guilt. He should have stepped in the way of the spell. He should have been the one to take the brunt of any pain. Even if what would only disable an angel would kill a human, it still should have been Dean. He was the grunt. He was expendable.
Lagging behind with Cas, a little drunker despite having matched Dean drink-for-drink, Young Dean tilted his head back to look at the array of stars in the dark mountain sky. His breath misted out above him. Heat came off him in waves as the night air cooled away the scent of bar and beer.
Some days he had ideas about what that might be. Other days he pretended he’d never entertained the notion.
“I’ll wake him up,” said Dean. “Not having daylight in here might be throwing off his natural clock.” He brought the mug of coffee with him deliberately. Not to offer to Young Dean—not a chance—but to deliberately taunt him with the smell. It was guaranteed to get him up and moving.
“There’s more of them,” said Young Dean, even though he wouldn’t look directly. He stared straight ahead at the road, shoulders tight, sweat at the collar of his t-shirt.
“Aw, I got a little brother that’s fifteen,” said Young Dean. “Wish he was here. He’s a great kid.” But talking about younger Sammy, the one Young Dean really knew, made him feel too strange and wistful, so he forced himself to push away from that line of thought. Focus back on this poor girl having a shitty day and try to make it a little better. “What’s your name?”
Dean could barely speak without forcing his words. Looking at his beer bottle, thumb pressing slowly along the seam of the glass. Spoke tersely in the direction of the bottle like it had offended him in some way as he said, “I was talking with the kid. It came up that he’s just shy of this bad time with Dad. I’d call it a fight, but a fight takes two people.”
He charged his phone in the kitchen as he started to cook. Dean didn’t like having Young Dean loose in the bunker, but someone had to make dinner that night and if Young Dean had any sense he’d be doing griffin research. Hopefully with Sam, not with Cas. That just felt safer. When Dean gave the call for dinner—a perfunctory “Grub’s up!”—the three men came from different areas altogether.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Jody,” said Castiel, and he actually shook hands properly. Dean couldn’t help watching intently. He almost always had eye on Cas in some regard, but it felt more charged now than before. He wanted Jody and Cas to get along. Needed them to. The people he cared about in this world were limited, and relationships were rarely straightforward given the high-stakes game they played. Cas was unwittingly responsible for the death of Claire’s family and had even briefly existed in Claire, and Jody might hold it against him even if Claire didn’t any longer. To see them being perfectly polite, curious about one another but not guarded, eased something in him
“Unless they’ve used considerable energy travelling twenty-two years and bringing someone back to the present with them, of course,” said Cas. “What brings you here, Dean?”
“A library book,” said Dean. “Look, it’s not important. Or, it is. It wasn’t really about a book. But the point is, I don’t want to send him back there. If we could send him to just after it happens so he doesn’t know, or if we could intervene so that Dad never finds that book and never explodes, you know, I’d give anything to do that.”
“Oh did he now?” said Dean, nodding his head. “Not that the portal-knowledge he’s got ain’t dodgy and all—that’s another discussion—but the kid was just looking for something to drink. The only thing left in his room is an empty whiskey bottle. I’m surprised he’s sober enough to drive. Hell, he probably isn’t.”
“Ah,” said Sam, still awkwardly holding his books. “Hi. Dean said you were here. He thought, uh… Good to meet you.”
“Essie,” he greeted with a too-wide, yet completely genuine smile. His lanky arms draped around her in a familiar hug. For her part, Essie widened her eyes expressively at Dean and Cas and gave Reid a few ginger pats on the back.
“I could ask you the same,” said Zachariah. He was short and haughty, with a brown beard and weaselly eyes. He looked like he’d just walked off Wall Street. Perhaps he had. “Who can tell me,” he asked, looking to the other angels, “what is wrong with this picture?”
“What’s the difference?” Cas asked, looking between them while Sam rolled his eyes and dug into the popcorn.
But Bobby, Dean must’ve known Bobby would be okay. What would he care? He wasn’t John. Dean wasn’t his son, his legacy.
Young Dean used the broad edge-tip of a machete to draw a symbol in the sand. He carefully followed the drawing on a folded piece of paper he’d brought with him from the past. Once complete, he unstoppered the concoction Wallis put together the evening before. He poured it cautiously over the pattern, never crossing a line more than once. He set a clear, swing-top bottle of moonshine down in front of his symbol as it began to glow an eerie green.
“Final question,” said the third hag, hands wrapping around the neck of the bottle. She looked to the sky, eyes narrowed, careful in the choosing of her riddle. Her eyes opened wide again, all too pale and fishlike. “
“Containing thousands of souls from Purgatory damaged me,” Cas explained, answering not to Eliza, but to Dean’s perturbed expression. “And being God left its marks. My wings, in this world, may be restored, but my true form betrays many of my past transgressions.”
“So much will happen differently,” said Cas. “The bulk of our concerns and battles might not even be relevant.”
Dean fell back against the soft grass with his hands on Cas’ shoulders, never letting Cas get away from him. Here. Definite. The hard, familiar shape of his body and the pillowy softness of his lips. The way he pulled a hand through Dean’s hair just hard enough to make him gasp into Cas’ mouth.
“You could’ve just… said that,” said Dean, giving his attention back to picking the lock. “No need to burn off your whole hand.” He focused on working the lock, mouth running. “I
Young Dean’s summoning spell needed twenty-four hours to ferment. Wallis prepared it in her plant-filled living room, sitting cross-legged in front of the coffee table. She worked with the blithe air of someone baking cookies or putting together a jigsaw puzzle. Betty Everett played from the turntable, with Wallis bopping her head from one side to the other while breaking seabird bones into a bronze bowl. The cheerful beats of “The Shoop Shoop Song” sounded through the room.
“And make me ride every horse trail in… are we in Colorado?” Dean nodded. “Colorado,” Cas affirmed, kissing him again.
“You calling me paranoid?” Young Dean asked. Cas looked ready to soundly disagree again, but then Young Dean flashed a smile. He could be self-aware enough to joke about it. And it made Cas smile too, looking away, the fight going out of him.
“Oh,” said Young Dean. Yesterday had been Thursday but today was Wednesday. Because life made no fucking sense. “So, what do you do on Friday night?”
“It wasn’t normal,” said Jack, arms crossed over his middle. The night brought a chill with it. Jack needed to start dressing for the weather. Couldn’t count on grace to compensate. “Whatever happened that night. We’re investigating. We need to stop it happening again.”
Cas half-laughed. “What you never have.” He leaned in, closing the distance between them, pausing a hair’s breadth away like he might have to stop. Might have read this wrong.
Cas stood with one arm flat against the doorjamb, like he needed its help staying upright. The fact his eyes were open at all seemed more out of stubborn habit than anything else.
want to carve a deer. The desire seemed a little sadistic and reminded him of his time in Hell so he didn’t think on it too long. Like all the other things he tried not to think about, it always came swinging back into mind. If the butchery was allowed, would it even be real? Did it matter if it was or wasn’t?
“It’s just, me and Lanie have been ‘friends’” (Wallis put extremely exaggerated air quotes around this word and dragged it out with a deepened, comical voice) “for six months. I am a certified
“No,” said Dean, voice breaking. “You.” He swallowed hard, stood up, arms folded tightly over his stomach as he paced a few steps closer. He wanted to be in his orbit. He wanted to look Cas in the eye and see if he could find some trace of the one he knew. “But you haven’t met me yet.”
“I guess we’re staying here, then,” said Dean. He turned to retrieve his bag from the Impala, checking his phone as he went. He had four missed texts from Essie.
Something sprouted in Young Dean’s chest very suddenly that felt delicate and new. He looked down at his feet. Swallowed hard. “That’s good,” he said. “I’m glad he has that.” He sniffed against the cold air. “You know, sometimes I think even me and Sammy are at odds. In my time, I mean. We fight like all brothers, get over it like all brothers, too, but I can sometimes see him changing. His fights with Dad keep getting worse. And, you know, this one time he ran away entirely. On my watch. Ran away to Flagstaff, of all places, and I know he was mad at Dad, but how could he… I mean, did he want to get away from me, too? And then I see the way he turned out—it’s great we’re together now—but if he went off to Stanford, I mean if he left the life while Dad was still around?” Young Dean shook his head, letting out another long breath. “I’m thinking of the little brother I know right now, and I hate that he’s going to leave me, you know?”
“Dean! Sam!” From above them, Young Dean looked over the edge of the broken floor. “Get out of here. What are you doing?”
Young Dean stretched out as much as he could in the back of the car, head pillowed by a bundled-up flannel. He slept a little, and by the time he woke up and had a bit of supper—just an hour out from Deadwater—at last reported that he was feeling fight-ready.
But already Cas draped Young Dean in his coat. Meanwhile Sam rubbed at his temple and watched the road with far too intense a focus.
Dean needed a moment, head cocking. “Wait. You mean ‘girlfriend’ like straight women say ‘girlfriend’ or you mean like…”
Castiel returned to Room 14 of the Golden Eagle Motel. Dean looked over from pouring a second cup of coffee as Cas took off the winter boots, snow pants, and the blue winter coat that Dean had worn the night of the griffin hunt. His own pair of dark brown leather gloves he set aside separately. He wore his usual dress clothes underneath, sans blazer or overcoat.
Then the wind died, and the colours of the world returned to normal. Young Dean, Past-Cas, and the egg were gone. No sign of them remained on the canvas of the mandala. The last of the wind-swept leaves settled at Dean’s feet.
Young Dean didn’t know how to refute that, biting on his lower lip while he thought. “Well,” he said at last. “Both things can be true. You’re a good man and a coward. But if you don’t like the second part, then stop being so chickenshit.”
» just taking a moment to say thanks for the lovely comments so far. I really love to hear about what works and resonates, and it makes me so keen to share what's next
“If you’re looking for griffin info,” said Sam (making that clearing-throat-cough that said he was getting his emotions under control), “you can also see what I’ve pulled up here.” He maneuvered his open laptop so that Young Dean could easily see and read the open page on the screen. “Just press this down arrow button to read more.”
As blood seeped into the dry ground, the glow of the sword faded. The wind rose to bring in black clouds, covering the twilight sky. They opened to rain on the parched earth.
“There’s a summer bed on the screened-in porch for Teen-Dean,” Sam said. “You and I are in the main bedroom. Dean and Cas will pull out the futon in that little office.”
Dean furrowed his brow. Cas wasn’t a great liar, he hadn’t even had to know him long to know that much. Which meant he genuinely didn’t understand. Had he erased his own memory of Dean? Or…
“That is not possible. If you were needed there, the powers that be would issue that interval of me, or some other angel, the command to fetch you. They would not do something so monumental just for a social visit. I am surprised they issued the initial order at all.”
“Dad doesn’t know you picked me up,” said Sam. A question and a conclusion at the same time. “Dad doesn’t know about any of this.”
As the sky above the ocean darkened ahead of them, the white of the sand appeared lighter, the grey-green of the windblown dune grass tuned higher.
“That’s the egg,” said Sam, pointing at once to the image at the top of the mandala. “And that’s ‘eros’ below it. The spell mentions that.” His fingers dragged down to the image in the same place at the bottom of the mandala. “And there’s ‘vita,’ the Tree of Life. Dean, you’re a genius.”
“Cas,” he said, and the word didn’t break the spell, but Dean saw a flash of black from the corner of his eye beyond the diner window that did.
“You’ll get your turn,” said Wallis, wagging her finger. “And don’t underestimate my charm in getting him to open up, Mr. Winchester. Make yourselves at home, in the meantime.” Wallis slipped out the door, the sea breeze already blowing wisps of red hair from her face.
He lost the fight against his tears. For a minute his breath came in catching, uneven rhythms. Even after it swept past, he kept his head against Cas’ shoulder, not wanting to face what he’d just copped to. Not wanting to face himself.
Sam surveyed the avalanche’s path with a pained expression, looking for any sign from the snow of what to do next. He had nothing. “Teen-Dean has to be okay,” he concluded at last. “I mean, you’re still here, right? If anything happened to you that changed the timeline, we’d see that. So Teen-Dean’s still out there.”
Dean wore that afflicted look, that mix of torment and upheaval. He’d been taught, like a monster, to constrict his own emotions, to blunt how those of others affected him. To cope by avoidance. Love was the most perilous feeling, the one that others could abuse.
Young Dean looked up from his painting when Dean reentered the living room. There was a question in his eyes, but he didn’t ask. Maybe he figured he didn’t need to. The kid was so certain that this egg-fix would be the answer to everything, that it would herald the end of suffering. Dean didn’t know about that. This new world would still be full of landmines and pitfalls. Foresight would only take him so far when every small decision might radically alter the world. Even this love he had for Cas, this thing he was so certain of, would find new ways to snarl and tangle over life’s inevitable complications. There’d be fights and misunderstandings: they were too good at those to avoid them entirely.
Sam looked around, taking in the blue of the sky, the gentle stillness of the orchard. “Well, our world doesn’t seem any different,” he said. “And you? Your memories all the same?”
Claire gave a faint shake of her head, too much of a realist to resist. “It is the way it is,” she said. “It’s weird, though. Uncle Lawry dying, my dad always said that was what brought him closer to his faith. Is this something Lawrence remembers?”
“It’s crazy how far ahead you are,” said Dean. “Think about it, Cas.” He gave a nod at his past self. “In this version of things, I’m not even due to meet you for another eight years. That’s a long wait.”
“My grace is fading,” said Cas, as simply as he might have said they were running low on milk. “The immaculate maintenance and restoration of clothing was taking too much effort. Laundry is much easier.” He turned towards the kitchen, unconsciously leading the two Deans along after him.
“Right,” said Sam. “There are a lot of things that have arbitrary cut-offs. Drinking’s one. Apparently a lot of trust funds don’t activate until 21 or 25, even 30.”
“It’s the least I could do, Rachel.” He leaned in a little. “Honestly, it’s my dad’s credit card, and he’s—”
Scott wheeled the bike in and leaned it against a wall. He took the seat Dean had been in earlier, ignoring the laptop on the table as a sign of recent occupancy. He let out a breath, gave an uneasy smile. His hands trembled. Dean shifted his posture, still solid, assessing. Jack looked to Dean, then mimicked the stance.
Dean licked his lips. “What I saw that day, Betty, the thing that helped me, it was an angel of the Lord. He changed my life.”
“Dean,” said Past-Cas. Young Dean walked by him into the small room. Past-Cas followed, oblivious to common social barriers. Young Dean carelessly stripped out of his shirt, swapping it for something with longer sleeves to sleep in.
we find Jody.” She looked down at her phone, typing in a text. “You have a phone? What am I saying, of course you don’t have a phone. You’re prehistoric. I’ll keep looking for Jody. Tell Dean to call me if he learns
“Way more time has passed for me than has for you, Sammy,” said Young Dean. “And I’m not an idiot. Cut me a break.”
“Betty Higgins is the kind of human that professes to spiritual belief, but gets it wrong on every count,” said Cas. “She does not stand in for most of humanity.”
“I think I’ve got, like, five more in here,” said Dean, stacking a few more boxes haphazardly in a hand.
Young Dean put on some of the cologne, applying it just the way Dean still did these days. He paused for another moment of consideration, then gave a satisfied nod. “I needed some clothes after I showered,” he explained. “And thought, what’s yours is mine, right?” He still had a damp sheen to his hair. He looked younger than ever to Dean, given that at nineteen he was slighter and didn’t fill out his clothes the same. Dean was still lean, but Young Dean was fresh out of his last growth spurt, and didn’t eat enough besides. Fresh from the shower, his skin just looked young in that rosy, elastic way that youth takes for granted.
“I don’t know exactly why you’re drawn here,” Dean said honestly. He couldn’t explain the crack in the foundation of Heaven, how Cas followed a light and it led to Dean. “But I think you and I are connected, whatever that may mean.”
Dean stopped walking immediately. He dug into his pocket for his wallet. Flipped it open and worked a picture out from under a plastic covering. Eli watched Dean’s face carefully again and Dean couldn’t care enough to overthink Eli’s obvious curiosity. He handed over the picture.
Dean shrugged a shoulder, took a pull from his beer. “Not everyone in a bar is twenty-one,” he said.
“How did you figure out that part?” said Dean. “I sure as hell didn’t know this stuff at your age. Hell, it ain’t exactly easy now.”
“The future isn’t promised,” Cas agreed, lifting his coffee to take a sip. “It isn’t about the details, though. I understand what you’re really saying.”
They had Past-Cas’ powers on their side again, which would be helpful when they knew where to go, but it felt like they were starting from square one. They laid maps of the Sierra Nevada mountains out on the island in the kitchen, trying to track down reports of abandoned mines or underground tunnels that the Arimaspians might favour. Seeing the Santa Lucia compound gave them a better idea of what to look out for, but it was still a significant stretch of land to cover.
“Nah,” said Young Dean. He lifted both his hands. “Here’s the great thing about the Atlantic Ocean. It’s got two sides.”
Wallis, halfway through the door, noticed he stopped. She rested her hand on the doorframe and followed his gaze down to the figure. “Isn’t she lovely?” she asked in a bright voice. “It’s a sheela na gig.”
“Yeah,” said Sam. “I even… Jeez, I even asked him yesterday if Dad was okay with all the school stuff, the Advanced Placement and the college applications. You know what he said? ‘It’s not up to him.’”
“Nothing to me,” said Young Dean with a shrug, although being so free of an agenda left him antsy. “But if I’ve gotta hang around here till tomorrow night, I need to get out of this bunker. How do I even know I really am in 2020? Other than your fancy tech, I haven’t seen jack.”
They finished eating and took a call from Jody. Little progress on either side, but Dean had to keep hoping that they’d find something soon. When he hung up, although they were all ready to go, he looked at the angels and said, “Why don’t you two go on to the car? I gotta talk to Teen-Dean for a sec.”
Cas tried to be sympathetic and honest at once. “Some may have known,” he said. “And kept it from the rest of us. We are here to free you, Eliza.” He beckoned Dean closer.
Cas helped Young Dean get to his feet. Young Dean leaned against him once he was standing, but then figured out his balance. He looked at the sword in its scabbard, then drew it part of the way out.
“On the bright side, if you don’t hear from me, it’s probably just a sign that nothing terrible’s happened.”
“When are you going to tell Sam?” Young Dean asked, a glance around confirming they were the only ones nearby.
“No that’s not— He’s my dad’s—” It still felt weird to refer to his older self as his father, but it was the only thing that made sense to an outsider. “He’s my dad’s friend.”
Scott gave a humourless laugh and a shake of his head. “I’ve shut myself off to all of that,” he said. “I think it’s a little too late for me.”
Dean worked his jaw. This was, of course, one of those things none of them talked about and pretended wasn’t going on. Knowing about it was one thing, acknowledging it was something completely different. “I just thought he wouldn’t end up with my problems,” Dean said. “He always talked about how much better he’d live out his life. Maybe some things are just inevitable.”
“Just in flashes,” said Jack. “In the window, on the street, or standing in the room for a second. Like a…”
“What the hell, Dean?” Sam’s exasperation was merited: he’d been following the story with focused intent, despite the unbelievable incidents and wildly veering courses. It was like trying to put together a jigsaw puzzle, only to discover the box had a completely different picture on the cover. “Then what did he use you as a punching bag for?”
“I don’t know if I even have hope anymore,” Young Dean admitted. “I’ve tried and I’ve tried. Every damn option available to me. No risk I wouldn’t take, and I got nowhere.”
“How isn’t my soul stained?” Young Dean asked Cas, voice breaking. His green eyes implored Cas. Cas knew. Back at Schaffer’s bar, Dean had treated him like a john, couldn’t have been clearer in his intent, still carried sixty-eight dollars in his shirt pocket. It was a cardinal sin of some kind, wasn’t it? Sex without love, befouling the body, disrespecting God’s creation with the low-life pick-ups Dean found in dive bars and alleys.
“Dean,” said Sam. “I was thinking about Teen-Dean and Dad splitting ways, and I just… It was because he told him about Cas, right? About…” Sam exhaled a long breath, squinting up at the overcast sky. “About being in love with Cas.”
“I think it used to overwhelm me on occasion,” said Cas. “There was so much I was trying to understand about you.”
The hallmark of a Mexican Standoff was that all parties could lose, all things being equal. A gun pointed at each player, with only one likely to walk away from the fight and no good choices to make. Not to shoot meant to risk being the victim. Being the first to shoot often meant certain death. The moment you spent your shot on one threat, the remaining player took care of you and walked away safe and free. Unless you changed the rules of the game.
“I’d give it a little,” said Sam, climbing the steps to head inside. “Trust me. You’ve never had to deal with hungover you.”
“Not a bit,” said Dean. He looked away from the pool game and the uncanny sense he got from watching his own moves put to work. “Apparently we’re all living in Bisbee,” said Dean. “Our younger selves, anyway.”
and knew this man cared for him somehow. It was a given and it was unconditional. Why he should, Dean couldn’t fathom.
Young Dean made a considering sound around a mouthful of food. “Some days more’n others,” he said. “I mean, go through periods where it’s just like: gotta make rent, gotta go to the store, gotta get Sammy’s head out of his books before his brain explodes.”
Young Dean stared for a long moment, a look that brought into question the chasm between two identical minds at different stages; twinned drives with differing stakes. “I guess you’d know,” said Young Dean, turning away at last to leave the room.
They were silent for the first fifteen minutes of their drive, chewing up the open highway with no real destination beyond.
Every minute Dean looked at him, he’d swear Cas couldn’t be more gorgeous. But this moment. He didn’t want to forget this moment.
“We do if they’re dicks,” said Dean, looking over his shoulder. He locked eyes with his younger self, didn’t like it, and looked back to Castiel. Under his breath he said, “This was a bad idea, Cas.”
Young Dean smiled and shrugged. “Well it’s not up to him, is it?” he said. “Anyway, I was just coming to check on that portal before I go to bed. Make sure nothing’s gonna fall in.”
Young Dean half-expected it and relaxed. He leaned back on his elbows on the bed. “Hey, Cas,” he said.
Cas placed a hand on her arm. Light came from the edges of her wounds and she choked in a sound as her posture shifted. She stood taller and straighter, no longer tense with pain.
“He has this influence on the land,” said Young Dean. “He’s dying—but never quite—and the world around him is half-dying too. Same goes for the Thralls. He’s got this influence over their minds. It starts slow, you wouldn’t have known it at first. Eileen would’ve sounded like herself when she was still in contact with you. But he already had control of her mind. The longer they stay, the more dead inside they are. Some of his Thralls he might’ve had for years. They won’t seem very aware, but don’t let that fool you. He can rustle them up to be powerful if there’s something he wants them to do.”
Instead of the haunted silver woods of Tír na nÓg, Dean stood in the coolness of a familiar gorge. Water ran over rock and birdsong carried through the trees, but there was no one here besides him and Cas.
“Getting the egg may turn out to be easier than getting food in this town after eight o’clock,” huffed Sam. “The family joint kept us waiting almost forty minutes, till they admitted their short-order cook walked out on them right before we got there, so then we drove over to the pizza place, which had closed down early, and then, when we finally found somewhere—”
“You could remove the dragon tears,” he said. “Dragon-based ingredients are amplifiers—scales, tears, blood—but to communicate from your respective temporal planes is
“Except years from now I’m fucked in the head,” said Young Dean. “And won’t even touch the guy I’m in love with. So that’s working out just swell.”
Dean crossed to the teacher-librarian, Ms. Odobo, who dutifully clicked across the screen again. Despite her total disinterest in work, she had pulled up an obituary and a news article in under five minutes, once Dean gave her the name and year.
(I’ve drawn it so it’s very symmetrical) you’ll notice in the back there’s some irregularities. That’s just so the universe could be closed or open. It’s a bit hard to draw a picture of the universe that’s not closed so I pretend that it’s closed for a bit then goes off to infinity round the back.” I just loved that.
“I don’t know why you guys keep asking me if I’m sure,” said Young Dean. “Like you really think I might back out. When I agreed to leave 1998, my mind was pretty made up then.”
After hours of riding Dean let go the reins and lay flat against the horse’s back, easily carried by her, looking up at the sky. It looked like on Earth, blue and arced high above him. But this was Heaven and there was no atmosphere, no weather, no gravity, no place in the universe. A mimicry of the world he once knew where there was desire and danger. A world of triumphs and terrors; of midnights and high noons.
Cas tipped his head to the side curiously. Dean gave a faint shake of his head, nonverbally indicating that millennial pseudo-wicca was a whole conversation not worth delving into. Not that it could be said he much of an understanding himself.
“I was onto the Grail by this time. He said he couldn’t give me it, probably because it can only be won, and since the Fisher King didn’t seem to be on this plane of existence yet, I had the idea about going to your world. So he helped me with the portal stuff. He tracked down witches with the right kind of power. That’s how I ended up meeting Rowena.”
The bed wasn’t roomy, for two grown men. Dean didn’t mind that their bodies brushed as Cas settled in on his side, Cas’ knee knocking gently against his leg. He could feel Cas’ gaze on his profile and turned his head, studying Cas’ face in the low light. It took him a moment to bring his hand to Cas’ jaw, rubbing his thumb over the ridge of one cheekbone. Another to lean forward and find solace in a kiss that felt like sun on the blacktop, like the purr of an engine, like one favourite song after another. Like the sum of every good thing he’d known.
It was also where Cas had been last. Dean couldn’t stymie his impatience any longer. He just wanted to know if there was some answer there, some trace sign of Cas’ appearance. Neither he nor Jack said anything about the underlying motivation for this side trip, but they didn’t have to.
“Saguaro National Park, right by Tucson,” said Young Dean, starting the car as the others buckled in. Dean reached for the pine-tree-shaped air freshener hanging from the rear-view mirror, frowning at it.  Young Dean kept a stash of them at the ready for whenever the cigarette smell resurfaced.
“He kept it from getting me,” said Waylon. He looked down at the ground. A blush filled out his high cheekbones. “He got in the way of it. It should’ve… Fuck. It should’ve killed him. But it didn’t.”
Dean placed his hand on Cas’ jaw. He met his mouth in a kiss. He dragged a hand up into Cas’ short, dark hair. He hadn’t kissed a man before, didn’t know the scrape of stubble or the feeling of broad, flat planes above him. But this was Cas, whose mouth was warm and tender, kissing away only to brush his lips against Dean’s once more.
Young Dean shifted into a ready stance, hands rising and hovering, but not yet tightened into fists. “So when I lay you flat out,” he said, “I don’t have to worry about leaving permanent damage. Good to know.”
Castiel frowned, considering the vehicle briefly before giving up on discovering its supposed singularity. “If you say so.”
“I wouldn’t say it if I didn’t mean it. I don’t think there was anything you could’ve done different.”
Cas glanced heavenward again, thoughtfully shaking his head. “They sealed off the Gates as soon as I arrived,” said Cas. “They won’t even let souls in until I’m gone.”
Cas squinted up at the stars. He could have responded with irritation, but a beat of rest shifted their mutual temperament. He mirrored Dean’s tone instead. “Forgive me if it takes a little time to sink in,” he said. “I’ve had four and a half billion years of thinking otherwise.” He tipped his head to look at Dean. “But I will believe you.”
to do it, Young Dean didn’t feel like playing nice. “There some hunt out there comes with an application form, proof of education?”
Young Dean came away from the whitewashed wall, looking curious now. “That’s something we wanted to ask you about, actually,” he said. Meanwhile Dean moved down to work on the third lock on the cell. “Did you find a way to come here as yourself? I mean… without taking someone as a vessel?”
“Was that the foreskin?” Dean asked. He backed up, eyes on the glowing portal as he navigated sightlessly to a writing desk. Without needing to look behind him, he lifted the lid of the desk, took out a gun, and aimed it in the direction of the tear in the world. For a moment, the gold grew brighter.
Cas preferred certainty and his face showed it: wary, with a furrowed brow and lips parted in an unposed question. The older Cas didn’t wear that look so much, so comfortable in his own skin and in dealing with the unexpected whims and blows of life with the Winchesters. Dean forgot how much he liked the look and it made him laugh, glancing away.
“This is absurd,” said Cas, getting out from under his blankets to stand, to cross between the two Deans.
The path sometimes narrowed, sometimes flattened. At times they were required to scale up a rocky patch, mindful of each step, unable to afford the dangers of a foot getting caught in a crevice, or snow giving way underneath.
Dean shrugged and started the car again. The windshield wipers kicked back into action. “Eh. I won’t miss ‘em.”
Rachel came out from her place of safety, scuttering over the snow down to her father’s side. “No, Dean,” she said, though her shaking voice betrayed her. “I can do this. This one last thing.”
to ride in the backseat of the Impala so that he could stretch out and believe he was in his own world as he read
Dean elbowed Young Dean’s back as he came back up the path, spurning them all on inside. “Essie says, ‘Hello, sweetie.’ Since when are you sweet?”
“Hey, what do you think of this one?” Dean asked, passing the yearbook over to Jack. He glanced at the teacher-librarian, who was back to looking at ideas for building a potting shed or greenhouse out of reclaimed windows.
“Thanks,” said Young Dean. He took the book, then crossed over to one of the cozier looking armchairs. He sat with his legs crossed under him, the book balanced easily on his lap. The chair kept him in Castiel’s line of sight, and Young Dean looked up at him a few times before he devoted himself to reading.
But he was still sapped of energy, with the low pulse of a headache throbbing in the back of his skull. Being on his feet for all of fifteen minutes left him exhausted. He stopped at the end of his bed, where the sheets were mussed and clammy-wet from his feverish sweat.
Sam didn’t offer up any other ideas, but how could he? It was a barely formed notion in Dean’s own head. Finally Sam said, “You gonna ask Dad about it?”
Young Dean shoved the sword back into the scabbard, examined the leather carrying strap, then pulled it over his head so the strap ran diagonally across his chest, the sword on his back. “I need to eat,” he announced.
Young Dean pulled his shoulders back to stand straight, trying to counterbalance his own inebriated sway. His surroundings closed in on him again, reality solidifying. The din of the bar, the curious attention of the pool players, the cautious look on Cas’ face. It was enough to make Young Dean feel pale; his eyes turned wider and he swallowed hard, looked away, suddenly too alert. Like a glass of cold water had been poured down his back.
“Right,” said Dean. “He was just a teenager the first couple times he came around here, so the name stuck. Teen-Dean knew your grandma back in his world, I didn’t know her here. That little token you’re holding might just be the same one you have.”
Before Dean could interject with a dubious response, Jack said, “Start at the beginning. It helps if we know as much as we can.”
“I’ve always wanted brothers that don’t hate me,” said Holden. He looked over at Dean. “I’m the black sheep. But you don’t hate me, right?” He patted a hand against Young Dean’s cheek, deliberately obnoxious, and Young Dean shoved him away.
Cas rolled his eyes and crossed slowly down to Dean. “So dramatic,” he said. He reached out a hand. For a moment he merely cradled Dean’s jaw, a smile in the corner of his eyes. Like he loved Dean despite what an idiot he was, or perhaps on account of it. Then his thumb brushed Dean’s cheek and the cartilage in Dean’s nose fused back into place, the blood disappearing. Cas offered his hand down to Dean and helped hoist him back up from the ground.
He understood once he stepped inside why Essie said she’d need his help with the sigils. The wall of her front entrance might look to the untrained eye like some kind of arty accent piece. Running all over the desert tan wall were neat columns of sigils painted crisply in black. They were generally uniform in size, with a few of the more detailed, larger ones working tidily into the pattern. In some ways it wasn’t unlike what the Men of Letters had done to safeguard the bunker, running runes and sigils in even lines along the molding, but he’d never seen it incorporated so neatly into someone’s home before.
“I guess we don’t strike it rich in the future,” Young Dean said. “I mean, I’d figured that much, but I kind of hoped for an end to the cheap motels.”
Young Dean re-entered and took a seat with a fresh beer in hand, giving a satisfied sigh after the first swallow. “It’s almost like you know my favourite kind of beer,” he said, holding it back to look at the label.
Whether at the accusation or the rough actions, Young Dean had the grace to look shocked for a moment. Scared, almost. But then he swallowed and the look in his eyes cooled. Like he’d checked out. “Go ahead,” said Young Dean. “Say it. You’re only saying it to yourself, after all.”
Groups of people finally started to exit the theatre. The late-show crowd, mostly groups of friends and date-night couples. The wagon wouldn’t be familiar to Sam, so he got out and stood. He held an arm over his stomach. Leaned a little more against the car than he’d have liked.
Dean laughed, teetering on the edge of hysteria and only barely holding himself back. “Maybe,” he said. “Thanks,” he added. “You don’t know it… It’s an honour, really. Just to walk with you.” His own body posture guided Cas’, turning to walk what he supposed counted as West in dreamland.
“I haven’t forgotten jack-shit,” said Dean. “I know everything you’re thinking about right now. I’ve been there, in your head. Now I’m not saying you’re not fucked up. I’m not pretending shit hasn’t happened to you that you wish hadn’t. Things you don’t want to think about, things you don’t want to feel. I still gotta shoulder some of that shit, and other things too. Worse things, some of them. I’m not gonna sit here and tell you it gets easier or you get over it or any of that bull. But you’re a good fighter, even with stains on your soul, and that’s what’s gonna get us through.”
“Right, but… That means this was all supposed to happen. This all already happened. Because you checked out that book.”
Dean frowned a little. "Uh, Cas?' He said, touching the caption. "Um, maybe this wouldn't be the best things to write for little kids. Maybe a little less big words? And kind of scary things are in here, Cas."
Cas finally angrily took his hand off his shoulder and sighed roughly. "Please put four rattles in the cart."
He suppressed a cry of joy at the sudden feeling of privacy and kissed the blonde with vigor, tangling his hands in her hair and savoring the moment alone in his mind.
I finally caught a glimpse of a fledgling once, when Castiel walked by the room with a small baby with a shock of red hair and white wings in his arms. But this was all I saw for a long time.
Calcifer shrugged. "I dunno. Begging, eating. Sleeping on that thrown out matress out back in the alley." He looked a little weary all of the sudden. "Kinda just taking it day by day."
He looked so peaceful sleeping- his dark hair was getting longer, Dean realized. Had it even grown when he'd been an angel? His hair was a bit wavier now that it was longer, it appeared more tousled. His corneas darted back and forth under the thin skin of his eyelids, his eyelashes fluttered against his cheeks. His curled fist was resting a few inches away from his cheek, and one of his knuckles twitched, something from his dream.
. Castiel popped each bullet open easily, as his inhuman strength was back with the returning of his grace. He packed the gunpowder onto the raw flesh until the entire stump was covered in the black grit like a steak covered with pepper and-
"Hi..." Tobias started uncertainly, running his free hand nervously through his mousy brown hair, and Dean cocked an eyebrow irritably.
"The Darkness has been growing since I first found you." The angel admitted to him as he came closer cautiously. "It's now at one hundred and fifty milliliters-"
Castiel dragged himself and Dean's body up the last few steps to the medical cabin, and weakly knocked on the door, clutching at his stomach. A woman opened the door, her dark brown eyes flying wide as she saw him. "Dean-!" She close to yelped.
"Oh, my God." The poor man said, scrambling to get up. Chuck had seen that expression of recognition before. He was probably going to need to make a lot more grocery trips from now on.
Just thinking about it was making his heartbeat kick it up a notch- lessons were one of Jack's favorite things in the whole world. He could nearly hear the squeak of the pen on the whiteboard now, the scribbling of his own pen as his hand flew to keep up. He tried to keep patient where he sat as Castiel left, and resisted the urge to follow him.
Cas still said nothing as he lowered his eyes to the egg, resting his hand gently and tenderly on its top, still keeping it pressed to his body.
"Not everyone yet. But I think so." Tobias answered, sitting up on the edge of the bed. "Sorry you didn't get to see it."
We'd gotten halfway through dinner before I even knew why they'd finally pulled me out of that hellhole.
His mental projection of Cas materialized on Chuck's bed just across from his, sitting criss-cross and holding his ankles as he furrowed his eyebrows at Dean.
Bobby frowned and jabbed a finger at him. "You better take care of your brother, kid. If I find out otherwise your ass is grass."
They were running, but the incline was impossible as the loose, black sediments kept them slipping down over and over again. "Claire!" It was Cas's voice this time, barking out and coughing on the soot. "Claire,
Tobias propped his elbow on the headboard of the bed and looked down at him. "I don't know. Think you can pull 'em out to this dimension yet?"
"Fuckin' finally." Crowley said irritably when he saw Dean had finally come into the dungeon. "I'm starved."
While Castiel was gone, Dean noticed there was blood in his mouth after he coughed. There was blood in the toilet water, too, but he couldn't tell from which end. It could have been both. When Dean's stomach finally was settled enough to look in the mirror and splash cool water on his clammy face, that's when he noticed it.
"Thank you, Cas. I feel a little better now." Chuck said as they began to walk up the stairs leading to the house. "Take care of those little angels for me, alright?"
Cas simply hung his head, resting his chin on top of the egg. "I'm useless." He breathed, hugging the white egg close to his chest.
"You've eaten?" Cas asked in his gravelly voice, one hand still clamped to Dean's shoulder. Jack could remember when the two rarely touched- that seemed so strange to him now.
"Castiel Winchester, you answer me!" Dean hollered agrily, pounding with his fist. "Open this fucking door
"Dean-" Cas began, his voice very low. He let out a dejected huff of air. "I'm going to sit you up now."
A second went by when Dean had no idea if his friend was alive or dead. Dean crossed his fingers, even though he knew it was dumb to believe in luck, and muttered under his breath "C'mon, Chuck. Not you too."
had that drive. He would always have that drive. That was why he became a ghost in the first place, right? And how hard could it be to take down
The little archangel finally smiled a little, turning around to face them and shuffling his wings, rubbing them against each other. "Really..?"
"He is not a stranger. And my babies need his energy, Dean. Please." His eyes were boring into him. "He deserves a home. He is-
Bobby slowly came to, he'd been moved to a chair and his head struggled to lift off his chest as his vision swam. "Tobias..?" He asked, and he felt a large hand touch his shoulder.
Cas's face flushed red with an embarrassed blush and he looked angrily at Dean. "I don't think you understand the severity of the situation we're in! We are supposed to be thinking about taking down Lucifer and be saving Sam, not thinking about...
Bobby frowned. "I wouldn't rely on angels to bring you back to life time after time, boy. It's dangerous to put your life in someone else's hands like that. One of these days you'll get stuck here. Now, what you came for, it better be important."
"Because..just- ugh, fine!" Dean zipped down his pants and instead intently stared at a water blotch on the ceiling, just working off the sound of it hitting the water in the bowl.
Cas swallowed and continued. "Because that's all it is, Dean. A vessel." He finally looked up and met Dean's eyes, which were narrowed in concern.
always made Dean so much more relaxed. Jack didn't know if he knew this by deduction, or by the surface-level mind reading he was trying very hard not to do. Dean said he wanted privacy in his upstairs, but Cas said his door was always open. It was harder than Jack thought to switch gears, but it was probably good training, or they wouldn't have him doing it.
Just as Dean had finally started to drift to sleep, he heard a very loud thud from the living room. Grabbing for the shotgun under his pillow, then letting out an audible growl when he realized he couldn't easily turn off the safety, cock it, or even aim with such a shaky and inexperienced hand. He dug around for his demon knife instead. How hard could stabbing something be? God, his head was killing him.
Dean sighed an held Cas closer. Cas knew he was not a very verbal person when it came to this situations (as he had just shown), so this was the only way he knew how to confess.
Cas finally dropped the towel, rested the egg on the bed and tried to pull on the boxers, swaying a little as he tried to get in both leg holes at once. Dean put a hand up to sheild his eyes. "One foot and leg at a time, Cas."
Dean chuckled and wrapped his arm around Cas, holding him tighter. The angel shuffled slightly and his legs slipped to tangle with Dean's. They already shared a brain, so any awkwardness or discomfort of the situation was eliminated.
grace within him. Jack even knew the two of us were connected, sense our bond. His fetus- I could read its thoughts. He’d bonded to you long before he was fully developed— Jack knew before he was born into this world that you were his dad, too.”
, the angel's voice came from within Dean’s head. Their nonverbal communication was no longer a one-way street, not since their bond had strengthened, and Dean had let Cas in. It had come in handy on hunts, but it was moments like these that Dean cherished speaking with thought the most.
Cas again stood up, waiting for Dean to show him where to go. Dean closed the fridge and the pantry, and made his way to the bathroom, Cas following him silently.
"Yeah." Dean mumbled, bringing his own arm around Cas's back. "I guess it's hard work. Especially that some people are a little wary of me, well, because I'm rooming with you. With angels being the bad guys nowadays and everything..."
“I’m close,” Cas nearly whimpered into the side of Dean's neck, his hips briefly stuttered out of rhythm. Dean's hand slipped over the warm skin to the small of his back and pressed, guiding the movements to become deep and slow again. Castiel gasped quietly, a fearful tinge to the noise that Dean was used to when they first started this, back when the angel easily became overwhelmed by the physical sensations of orgasm.
Chuck was waiting for them at his desk, and Sam, Dean and Kevin where escorted into the room by a few other fallen angels.
FNF also snuggled up to each other, piling on dirty blankets and yawning and falling onto the crooks of other's necks or falling back into other's chests with arms wrapped around theirs, the fire in a trash can glowing orange and finally calming down to pulsating coals, and
"What do we have to, you know, do for this, uh, bonding thing?" Dean began nervously, this time looking away.
"Well, I got around fifteen people here, maybe twenty, and I just saw you guys pick up Calcifer a little while ago, so.." Chuck scratched the back of his head of unruly hair as he heard a porceline crash in the kitchen, followed by a timid 'Mr. Chuck?'
"Sam!" Castiel's throat was too constricted, making the call much quieter than he would have preferred. He coughed, the air was still heavy with pollution and he could feel it aching in his lungs. Dean's clammy cheek bumped along his shoulder with each hacking cough. He cleared his throat and tried again.
"Why didn't you tell me?" Cas's voice had raised to just under a yell. His hand shot out and he gripped and shook his shoulders. "
Dean pulled open the bedroom door, thank God he hadn't locked it behind him. Cas was curled up around the tiny dark-winged baby and sobbing, his chest squeezing in and out, tears streaming from his eyes.
Jack worked hard at his assignments, and didn't feel like they were for nothing. He was lending a helping hand with Hunt research, and Sam also had a whole course set aside that they were working through about his angel side, and how to harness his powers instead of fear them. After his accident with Mary, it took him a long time to feel comfortable with trying to use his powers again. Practical lessons were all done with Cas, but Sam's information helped him stay calm whenever he practiced.
Chuck rubbed his forehead, looking a little overwhelmed. "You haven't even seen the backyard yet. If there's such things as
Jack looked using his inner eyes and saw Castiel, the real form underneath the human body he'd been gifted by his vessel Jimmy so long ago.
Awestruck by the opportunity, Jack wordlessly took his seat and turned the notebook to the first blank page in front of him. The page was so perfect and fresh looking the way it was, Jack suddenly felt overwhelmed by the idea of marking it up and ruining it.
"I know. Shirts are tricky." Dean tugged a little roughly downward and his dark head of hair popped out of the neckhole, quickly followed by his head. Cas's eyes were downcast, his cheeks tinging with pink. He was embarrased, and he quickly reached and tucked the egg securely into his hands once more, hugging it as if for comfort.
"You promised me Crowley would be gone by time they hatched." Cas kept frowning, and the two brothers let out little sighs of relief in the front seat.
"It's okay," Dean chuckled and reached for his hand, sliding his calloused palms over his skin with a faint shushing noise, feeling up to his elbow and back down before clasping his hand between two of his. "Since you're up there, you'd already know I secretly like it. Not needing to say stuff out loud for you to understand. Well, sometimes."
Then came the wings. Dean felt them burst unexpectedly from his back with such force that the raven feathers snapped and flung directly at Katie's face. Dean saw her skin ripple as they made contact, and saw the reddish flush of blood at the sting. Her mouth was a surprised O.
Sam's footsteps tended to be quite loud, seeing he wore an enormous shoe size and wasn't exactly feather-light. The one person who remained in this house would have heard them by now- but she continued to cower. No bother. He'd find her.
"I didn't know that this was going to happen, Dean." Cas sunk down onto the foot of the bed and similarly clasped his hands together. "Jimmy was my first vessel, and I've never done anything like this with him."
"Okay, okay." I muttered, putting my hands up to sheild my eyes from the lights. I didn't say the phrase just waiting to roll off my tongue,
Before the stifling silence it had been screams and cries for help and tears and begs for mercy and forgiveness. Then, it all cut off, clean, just like the slice across his neck. And it hurt, like a knife had carved that ability straight out of him, and the invisible appendage was still bleeding.
"It looks like I picked a fight with a potato peeler and the peeler won," Dean complained as he examined himself in the mirror, wincing every so often as he dabbed Neosporin onto the angry red, irritated sores that riddled his cheeks and forehead.
Dean watched whilst propped against the doorway, obviously skeptical, but it didn't really seem like that whole thing was just for show. He wasn't even asking Dean to remove his handcuffs to dress his bloodied hands, a trick Dean thought he might try.
"I had something else in mind," Sam flashed a dark smile and before she could understand what was happening, he'd swiped one of the blades from the operating table and had slit open her stomach. Along with the blood, something pure black like ink began to bubble up out of the wound. The creature wearing Sam and part of Dean licked its cracked lips.
The tall ex-angel gave Dean a little half-wave as the Impala rumbled away. He rung the doorbell, and Chuck answered the door with a weary smile. Tiny bloodstains were on his shirt, he was just helping a clumsy angel put bandaids on his hands after he'd sliced a few fingers attempting to cook.
"I just got off the payphone with someone from the other crew a few miles away, SHW? We met them a few weeks ago? Remember them?" The girl with the pixie cut spoke up again.
"Where in the classification would you put me?" Cas asked innocently, looking up into Dean's face. "A friend?"
"Hey, the Hunting business ain't about looking pretty." Dean replied. "-Just want to keep you safe, Cas."
"Dean, Dean!" Crowley rolled his eyes and tugged at his handcuffs. "He chose to do that to himself, remember? I was the one you two snagged, it's not
Cas nodded, and for the first time didn't resist as Dean softly pried the egg from his arms and sat it on the bed. "Alright, come here, I gotcha..." Dean helped to slowly lower him onto his stomach, careful not to move him too much so the cuts wouldn't re-open, and he pulled the blanket up over his bare back up to his shoulders. His bare skin shone a gorgeous, smooth color in the yellow lamplight. Like the rays of the setting sun reflecting off of sun-kissed skin, Dean thought. Cas sighed contently, his eyes fluttering closed.
Cas felt his eyes getting heavier. "Maybe I will see the humor of this situation when I see a mirror." He yawned loudly. "I'm tired, Dean."
!" He was about to call for help, but of course no one else would be able to see, hear or feel him. Cas still had just one thing- Dean's body. And he needed to bring that body to the medic's cabin immediately.
The angel left the room, and Dean closed his eyes and rested flat on his back. Thank God for memory foam. It was eerie how he could tell where Cas was at all times, as if he were a separate body part. Just like he'd always know where his pinky toe was, he could feel Cas in the same way.
If I ever get my demonhood back I'm sicking my hellhound Growley on their asses. (I wonder how my precious little puppy is doing. Hmm.)
"Geez, I feel creepy." Dean laughed. "How did you do this all the time without feeling the least bit creepy?" Dean reached out and softly curled his fingers around Cas's palm, smudging his thumb in soft circles on the back of his hand.
They hadn't expected for Eggy to hatch so soon, so the men of the bunker hadn't really prepared for the babies yet. Last night Dean had to pull every extra blanket he could find to make a soft little area for the fledglings to sleep temporarily, but they needed a crib and they needed some way to get Cas more energy.
"Shh, Samandriel. It's because they're dirty." He replied patiently, and the redhead crossed his arms but let Cas gently pull the dried chunks of mud from his feathers.
And once he'd dressed the wounds, putting an copious amount of neosporin and using up almost all of his bandages, Cas's body began to wrack with sobs again, as he covered his face with his hand. "My f-fault.." He choked, as Dean frowned and rubbed his dark hair dry slowly with a towel, the messy tufts and wet spikes sticking up everywhere, Dean finally draped it over his shoulders.
"Sorry, Katie, I don't know if I can do this right now-" He forced himself to say, and her embarrassed expression nearly made Dean faint as he saw blood vessels in her face dialate and blood poured in, red and white blood cells swirled sporarically like snowflakes in a snowglobe as they were displaced into tiny spots in her cheeks.
"No!" Cas reeled up and punched the mirror. Cracks like a spiderweb formed in the silver, shattering his features like a picasso painting.
He swallowed back that tight feeling in the back of his throat. His hand slid from his shoulder to gently cup the nape of his neck, and Cas felt a soft warmth in his stomach at the brush of his slightly calloused fingers, resting there so warm on the back of his neck in such an intimate gesture. Cas swallowed and met Dean's eyes, a flutter briefly in his stomach at the way he was looking at him, concerned. Like he cared, really cared.
Castiel folded a wing around the Nephilim child. The tiny angel's wings were jet black among their roots, only their outer parts a snow white.
Dean groaned softly as he felt a familiar, biting scrape of a knife over his forearm. His head lolled back, and his eyes fluttered open. He was in a different room this time. He felt warm blood dribble from his wound, and he blinked a few times and finally looked down to see his wrist was cuffed with the same thick, sigiled band of iron that they'd used on Crowley.
Cas suddenly was feeling nervous as the man rung up his items. Where could he hide his stash? And would Dean see them in the car? This was a bad idea.
what to do, you know?" Chuck sniffled. Instead of sitting behind a desk and trying to keep it together, he was now on the floor with his back resting on the couch, a cup of steaming tea in his hands and a blanket on his shoulders.
Dean chuckled happily. "Oh, relax." He smiled, propping his head up on his elbow. "You're doing just fine."
Dean stroked Io's silvery wings, which shuffled happily as his hand passed over. Dean smiled. "What about these guys? This can't be their true forms, right?"
"Good morning, Dean." Chuck greeted happily, his blue eyes bright and well-rested for once. Dean couldn't remember him looking so chipper. His face suddenly fell as he remembered. His abandoned house, the tents flapping in the wind. The blackouts he'd complained about.
"Red! Stop spilling the flour on the floor!" Dean scolded as yet another heavy cloud of white splattered in a powdery explosion to the floor.
Cas opened his eyes just a peek. He saw a blurry image of Dean holding something, a wrapping of blue blankets. "Are angels into reincarnation?"
"Oh my God..you're God!" Dean deducted, a wide smile splitting his face. Chuck shifted his feet in embarrassment, a shy smile on his face.
He picked his way through the room on any open carpet spots he could, careful not to step on any of the angels fast asleep on the floor. He bit back a sound of surprise as he felt someone's fingers curl around his ankle. He whipped his head back and saw an angel, a man who appeared around eighteen or nineteen, his eyes open and glassy with sleep.
Cas watched over Dean's shoulder as Dean worked quickly to dress the kid's large black wings, wrapping and taping splints and trying to be as gentle as possible as the kid, he looked like he was in his late teens, maybe eighteen or nineteen, layed out on the bed.
Cas heard Dean's gruff inner voice through the memory. He saw Dean's arms in front of him as he climbed up the roof.
They ate their egg sandwiches quietly, watching the sun rise as they leaned up against the shiny black car that, oddly enough, Jack learned he should treat like a member of the family.
"Yeah." Bobby answered, frowning too and pressing harder onto the pillow so no one would have to see his new wings.
Dean waited a few days before he could get up and walk again, and head out to the food court. When he finally did, it seemed like every eye was on him. Dean felt pissed off, why were they all staring at the band-aids on his face? And he knew he looked pretty tired, but these people lived with zombies roaming the frickin' planet for God's sake! And they stared like gaping fish at him as he kept his eyes glued to the ground and made his way to the little window to get a bowl of oatmeal.
Next to him Iofiel cut down a angel twice her size and shot her two older brothers a irritated glance, puffing a bit of dark brown hair that had escaped her ponytail out of her face. "Boys! Stop fucking around!" She barked out, jabbing another in the stomach and pushing him out of the way with a loud grunt.
Dean let out a soft moan as he felt that familiar dick slide all the way home. He’d never had anyone else inside him like this- he’d used toys or fingered himself, after a one night stand long ago introduced him the wonders of a prostate. Back when he was selling his body, he’d suck dick for fast cash but his ass was strictly off-limits. That was what made him walk away with his straightness intact, he’d tell himself. And when he was tortured in Hell he was raped with objects, but never a body.
"You know, Dean...I admire your optimism. But I don't think a liquid consisting of mostly sugar and caffine will bring them back." Cas spoke up softly as Dean began to bag the items.
"Thanks, Dean. And if you ever need more food for those little babies of yours, I've got twenty or so fully charged batteries." Chuck laughed half-heartedly and made his way to his kitchen, where three newly human angels were staring at a broken plate like guilty little kids, not knowing the first thing about how to clean up.
He didn't even hear the sound of the tap for at least a minute. Finally, he rapped on the door. "Cas? You okay in there?"
Chuck wrote as he'd never written before. He barely had time to smooth over his little ginger cat's fur as she headbutted him once again, begging for attention. Chuck's hands flew across the keyboard.
They way Dean ate made him sick. He devoured the three sandwiches he'd had, barely even taking the time to chew properly, even though he struggled to eat with just one hand that did not slow him down. After he'd consumed the three sandwiches at a rapid rate, and went on to pour the bag of chips into his mouth, polish off the entire rest of the jar of pickles and then, when everything else was gone, he shoved whole pieces of bread into his mouth by their middles, folding them over and swallowing them after only a couple bites.
"You have the capacity to house an archangel, but I believe I was using my grace too often and since I'm not your true angel and you're not my true vessel, it overwhelmed your body. I needed to be more gradual." Cas explained with a sigh, and Chuck's hand pushed through Dean's short hair. "I'm very sorry I hurt you."
"What are we supposed to say, Lee? Oh, hi Dad, surprise, we're older now and back in the past...fix his wings please?" Tobias asked, but his voice was surprisingly gentle.
"So, you got the wings strapped on again, huh?" Dean asked quietly, a smile on his face, yet his eyes were sad. Cas looked up at him, slightly confused at that sadness behind his eyes, and nodded very slightly.
Dean still heard his desperate cry, ringing all around the ashy wastelands, echoing in his head. That had been fully his contribution to the dream, he knew that for certain.
Leo finally peeked uncertainly out of the door, where his siblings would be waiting for him. He didn't know what they'd think about what he'd done to the old angel, if they'd disapprove, if they'd think he'd gotten carried away.
"Mmm. Vat's Goov." He said with a full mouth, and Dean clapped him on the back. "Keep up the good work, kid."
Dean, Cas and Sam were in Cas's bedroom, the brothers were working to try and set up the crib as Cas sat on the bed with the four children sleeping all around him. He sipped on some freshly brewed coffee, put down the cup and set up a baby in his lap, Io this time, and took a soft-bristled brush and worked through the downy feathers, humming softly to the olive-skinned baby as she began to pull from his energy supply, Cas yawned and took another sip of coffee.
"Get more sleep, Cas. I think a lot of this is because you're exhausted." Dean bobbed Leo a little as the baby began to squirm. "Six solid hours, okay? You're not allowed to leave this room until you do."
"Think this is far away enough?" Dean turned to Cas and lifted an eyebrow. The ex-angel nodded, hiding his split knuckles a little in embarrassment, bringing his fists closer to his body.
Dean suddenly felt all his anger melt away when he realized Cas's intensions were pure. "Thanks for trying anyway." Dean grunted, wiping a hand down his face.
Calcifer gently ran a finger down the line of down. "Yeah. He's getting six wings. Eventually." He confirmed, and Cas nodded, looking at Bobby with concern.
Back on Earth, Dean made sure everyone was asleep before he pulled a book from the shelf, Cas's long-abandoned scrapbook. And secretly, he slipped in a few more photos and wrote a few more descriptions, smiling to himself as he slipped in a photo of Tobias with his new set of wings and a picture he'd taken of baby Leo sleeping with two other time-twins in a pile by the fireplace. He coughed into his hand to try and stop his goofy smiling, even though no one was watching, and hid the book away again.
Fuck, it felt good being taken care of like this, Dean thought, tightening his arms around his mate as the angel drove into him again and again.
Dean jingled the keys and rolled the cart over to start unpacking things into the backseat. "Kay, we'll be home soon. Just don't go.." He looked, but the guy was already fast asleep in the passenger's seat, his head lolling back on the headrest with his mouth slightly open, his hand limply resting on the egg in its little kangaroo pouch. "Ah, goddammit."
Castiel removed his coat, tie, unbuttoned his shirt and draped them all neatly on Dean's desk chair, like some kind of slow, domestic strip tease that he did each night. The angel walked up to him unabashed, like he'd never worn clothes to cover up in the first place. It was the little details like this coming together that wove the story that he wasn't actually human.
“You are you.” Cas didn’t bother hiding his annoyance. It permeated his voice. “I suppose it makes sense that you’re at odds. No one hates you more than you do, Dean.”
It was almost strange that there was no awkwardness, no self-conscious doubt. It was so achingly easy to rest his head against Past-Cas, who sat up against the wrought-iron headboard. Easy to let the angel pull a blanket higher over Young Dean’s shoulder, to have Past-Cas’ fingers glide through his hair. As near as Young Dean dared to get.
It was just past noon and they hadn’t settled on a course. Young Dean and Jody were making a case for starting their search at a stretch of road that had been closed off for a decade when Dean’s phone rang.
“Our lives will never be normal, Dean,” said Sam. “Yellow Eyes has been gone for more than a decade, and we’ve tried normal. Both of us. It doesn’t work. Because there’s normal and then there’s real. Dean and Cas? It’s absolutely not normal, the amount of time they’ve been dancing around each other, but it’s sure as hell real. I think they both know that, deep down.”
It took Dean a moment. He had to really dig. Dismissing old cases, old hunter contacts, till finally it came to him. “Essie the librarian,” he said. “Yeah. Yeah, actually. I remember you. That was, what, a million years ago?”
“You knew,” Young Dean said, looking across harshly at his older counterpart. “We ain’t pure. Innocent. When were we ever? You’re going to have to go back a long way before you find a Dean that hasn’t killed a man, killed a hundred monsters.”
Being left at the boys’ home. Being sent away when John hit the limit with him. Being benched on a hunt. Separation from Sam.
This made the girl from the porch perk up. She rose to her feet, hopping down to join Lanie, who held out one arm to keep her at bay. “She was my nana. Oh, I’m sorry to be the one to tell you. She died three years ago.”
“Great,” said Young Dean, flashing a smile. He stood, waving his empty bottle. “I think that deserves another round of beers.”
“Why don’t you two grab a seat?” Dean said to Sam and Cas. “Me and the kid will chat.” He didn’t know what Young Dean might have to say, but there was always a chance he didn’t want others to hear it. Sam especially. There was more that Cas knew, sure, but even then, Dean hated to hear it dredged up in front of him. Having these conversations with his younger self, while still brutal, at least stayed relatively private.
Past-Cas straightened and looked over his shoulder, appearing at once disoriented and sweetly pleased with himself. He gave a nod. “You’re welcome,” he said.
“You’ve disrupted things long enough,” said Zachariah. “I’m afraid we can’t do that.” He feigned a look of misgiving, smarmy pride seeping through. “I’ve already authorized the execution.”
“I was in a bad way, near bleeding out, surrounded, no exit. And then she comes in and it’s like nothing can touch her. Anything that tried to attack her missed, and she’d plant a hex bag that’d do ‘em in, move on to the next as cool as anything. Gave me something to drink that would stop the bleeding—I knew it was some kind of magic potion but I was so scared of death just then that I’d have taken anything—and she said some spell with a couple of apple peels told her where to go.”
“He gonna be sick?” Dean asked as he approached. He knew his own iron stomach. He knew how much it took to be ill, and he didn’t think Young Dean had gone
Dean scowled at him. “It is terrible,” he said. “If I have to do much more of this, I’m gonna be sick.”
His skin changed in tone, the quickening of the blood below bringing in the first flush of life. His eyelids remained closed but fluttered like a dreamer’s. His chest rose for the first time, lungs filling.
No one had spoken to him like that before. At once so resolute and searingly earnest, like an impossible promise that could be kept. Even John Winchester wouldn’t say such a thing. His line was self-sufficiency, fostered by a kind of fatalistic paranoia.
“Actually, I don’t think he does,” said Dean. Maybe he was projecting. Something about this Other Dean, this younger version of himself, put him off. Young Dean and Sammy could connect, they seemed to like each other, to find their dynamic almost at once. Young Dean was somehow still the proud older brother, even if Sammy had almost twenty years on him. “I should know. If I was me, I wouldn’t actually want to know anything about my future.”
“That’s enough,” interrupted Dean. He was watching Sam, now. Sam, whose eyes followed the exchange, expression increasingly concerned. Dean had no idea how he would explain his way out of this one.
see them are that you break your contract with the kid, you stay away from our friends and family, and we keep your bones securely stashed.”
“Yeah,” Sam said, noncommittal. He thumbed at the pages of his book. “Maybe you just saw something on TV,” he said. “It probably came up on one of those dumb Sunday shows like
Dean just watched Young Dean like he didn’t trust him. He looked away when Young Dean’s attention returned to the rest of the group.
“Sam,” Jack said in an undertone, returning to his side. He wasn’t nearly as secretive as he thought. “I didn’t get him a present. I didn’t know.”
Cas shook his head, looking down, smiling sadly. “Dean, I love you. I love you like it was the thing I was created to do. I’ve loved you for years, and so deeply it echoes back through the ages; such that it seems I was made for this love even before you existed. I want to be the thing that saves you. I want to be what protects you from every sorrow. But I can’t promise you that there won’t be hardship and disagreement and loss and mistakes and all the
Cas thanked him before he left. Expressly. Knew it wouldn’t matter because Dean wouldn’t remember and did it anyways so that he could hear it once. He could’ve just not. Dean wasn’t supposed to recall any of this. But now he did and he thought of the way that Cas held him outside Schaffer’s bar.
Dean wiped at his cheek again, carelessly smearing dirt from his hands across his face. It didn’t matter to him. How could it, when nothing mattered beyond Castiel? Besides, it fit. It marked him as a mourner, like one who had freshly thrown dirt upon the beloved’s coffin.
Still, Dean didn’t want to do any damage to Young Dean. He had to be fit to fight in the coming days. The purpose of this was to see where he stood, and give him some pointers. Years of experience taught Dean maneuvres that worked for him specifically, things Young Dean might not have worked out yet. He’d forget it all later, have to learn it again the hard way, but Dean could at least send Young Dean into this fight with a greater advantage.
“We are taking Castiel with us to Heaven,” said Zachariah. “We are going to scrub his mind of every single memory of Dean Winchester. Every precious moment, every private thought. We are going to restore him to his, shall we say, prelapsarian state of being. And what I want
“And what are we expecting at the base?” said Young Dean. “What’s our game plan? How many Arimaspoi will be there? I’m not gonna lie, I wasn’t thinking strategy at
“Yeah, well. You find it,” said Dean. He unfolded his arms, giving up his standoffishness at last and coming over to stand beside Young Dean. “It’s a good album. You can put it on.”
“Reassurance?” Young Dean echoed. “I’m forty-one, in love with my best friend, and in the closet about it. Raising kids with him and then living down the hall from him, separate bedrooms, like some goddam monk. I’m a scared, spineless piece of shit. I’m supposed to find that reassuring?”
“Long story,” said Sam. “Look, I got away from those one-eyed dicks but the rental car died in the middle of the desert. I don’t know where I am. I haven’t had signal. I climbed to the top of this hill for a better lookout when suddenly I got one bar. You can still hear me?”
“What do you think she meant?” Young Dean asked, looking up at Holden again. “‘An angel made of clay.’”
Dean wasn’t going to bed without a beer. Anyone could’ve predicted that. It wasn’t really a surprise that Cas appeared in the kitchen before Dean had a chance to shut himself in his room.
“Soon as I reached Sioux Falls,” said Young Dean. “I was telling him all about time travel, the griffin, the whole story, and it just… came out naturally.”
“He’s all mixed up with feelings. I don’t think he knows what’s what anymore. Hell, maybe I don’t even know.”
Young Dean’s feet landed on the asphalt directly outside Schaffer’s. Cas was still with him, and he still remembered all that happened the past few days. It was 1998 again. The cars and trucks in the lot looked older. A payphone stood to the left of the bar entrance.
Ahead again, a darkness grew between the trees, between the mist. It made his eyes feel old, the way he couldn’t see a shape at first, though he knew it
Dean opened the cell door, and Cas offered Eliza his hand. She stepped out into the hall and shivered, head tipping back as she took in a deep breath. The cell, covered with sigils, had effectively blocked her from many of her powers.
“Sounds like a honey trap for every shitty monster we’ve ever faced,” said Dean. “Your liability would be through the roof.” He glanced over at Young Dean. “Hey, you and Holden seem pretty pally. You ever—”
Dean hadn’t realised when he said it. How it sounded. Like forty-and-more years from now they’d be doing this, lying in bed beside each other. Suggesting they spent a whole life together, never having parted. He hadn’t meant it that way, but then Cas had answered…
“Can’t believe it,” said Dean. “Can’t believe that’s the very next thing I have to send you back to.” His eyes focused on Young Dean again at last, really looking at him. “I don’t… I don’t actually want to. You don’t deserve it. If you never heard the things he has to say, you’d be better for it.”
Bobby nodded slowly, his eyes drifting to another part of the room. “If all you want to do is catch up,” he said. “What if we found a way to simply give ‘em a call?”
“I’d pity the poor Siberians,” said Dean. “She knows a lot about angels, though. We don’t want her to catch up with Eliza again later, or find this world’s version of you.”
What was real in Heaven? He was. The deer he shot with John wasn’t. Baby? Baby wasn’t. Cars didn’t turn into horses and cars didn’t go to Heaven, even if by all rights Baby deserved to be the exception. The roads he travelled on weren’t fixed, nor were the landscapes. None of it real.
Dean tried calling once more an hour later, as they drove East out of Kansas, but it went to voicemail again. “Teen-Dean,” he started to say, the tone of his voice already a reproach. Sam swiftly took the phone out of Dean’s hand.
» keep in mind that I add tags as I go, according to characters and themes that appear. I do my best to tag things that people may either seek out or wish to avoid, so feel free to make tag suggestions if you think there's something important I missed that could misrepresent my fics
“Yeah, we’ll stay here and keep an eye on it,” said Dean. He put an arm around Jack in order to clap him on the shoulder, adding a squeeze for good measure. “Wish I’d brought hot dogs.”
“Then I did what I needed to,” said Cas. He slumped back heavily across the foot of the bed, still in his coat and clothes.
Dean considered this, conceding with a nod. “Yeah,” he said. “Yeah. You’re probably right about that.”
It was how with barely saying anything, John managed to stir up Dean’s shame and self-hate. He’d been to the future and seen the light, he’d spent most of his drive preparing himself for this argument. He thought he knew better; newfound self-awareness and a sense of the future that John couldn’t even conceive of. And yet, he was right back here. Right back to feeling small and despised and torn open.
Jack wasn’t Sam. Not a brother Dean could take out his bitterness on. John never hid his moods and frustrations from Dean. Had relied on Dean to fix a bad mood when it came on and did nothing himself to allay it. Dean didn’t want to be like that for Jack.
, Samwise,” said Dean. The patronizing tone, frequently used to accuse Sam of embarrassing displays of nerdiness, was undercut by the confession: “God, I sometimes wish it was, though.”
“So you’re saying,” Sam interrupted before they could get at one another’s throats, “that if anything goes wrong—if for whatever reason the sword doesn’t work out and we can’t kill this Fisher King—we can still save people? Get them away from his influence and back to their lives?”
Sam returned from his shower in fresh clothes. His skin was deeply marked with tan lines from what he’d been wearing that morning, but he looked more whole again. He plugged his charger and phone into a wall, then sat in at the kitchen island.
He didn’t know if Cas heard the last part. The voice of Bon Jovi from the radio alarm woke him sharply, the dream evaporating. “No,” he said. “No, no, no…” He turned over onto his stomach, pressing his eyes shut tight, wanting to trick himself back into sleep, back into the same dream. Panic had such an instant hold on him that to fall asleep again would be impossible, and he knew it, but he refused to open his eyes. “Cas,” he whispered, fingers gripping his pillow, trying to block out the morning sunlight through the blinds and the sound of the radio. “Cas, I hope you can hear me. I’m here. I been here. I’m saving you.”
“I should’ve known that it would want to hurt somebody in my place,” said Scott. “I accepted its offer, but that was never gonna be enough.”
Cas didn’t usually fall asleep first, but the use of his grace today must’ve overtaxed him, left him bone-weary. Dean sighed. He trailed his fingers up and down Cas’ forearm a couple of times, still thinking of the talk he’d have with Young Dean in the morning. Because Cas was asleep and would never know it, Dean took his hand and brought Cas’ knuckles to his lips to kiss once.
“We seek a special sword,” said Young Dean, voice rougher from the burn of the moonshine. “The Claíomh Solais. Do you know it?”
“You remember that sword?” said Young Dean. “I think I picked up its trail in my time. I think we can find it here.”
“Well, kid,” said Dean, and Jack looked up as well as Elijah. “You’ve been a help. You’ll see us back again. We’ll get this sorted out.”
“Then how do we find them, Sam?” Dean demanded. Shouting like he could call down another avalanche, offer himself up to it this time.
“I’m going to catch up on some research,” said Young Dean. An unequivocal statement. He waited for Dean to counter it, to say he’d been given an order, boy. To say he knew better.
Dean looked down at the book in his hands, tracing his fingers over the shape of the sigil. He didn’t have an answer.
“We should address his wounds outside the cave,” said Cas, eyeing the passage warily. “So we aren’t cornered if something decides to come for the egg.”
“Mmhm.” Young Dean’s shoulders lifted in a heavy sigh. “And Dean, future-me, he knows how he feels. He’s gotta. I’ve seen the way he acts. Protective and jealous over
“I dunno, I guess he was pretty cagey,” said Sam. “I was probably the last person to talk to him? He wanted to check on the portal in the library before he turned in.”
“Alright, alright, that’s enough. You made your point,” said Young Dean, pushing at Sam’s shoulder. “Well, guys? What’s our game plan now? I was counting on the Grail, but if the angels are scared of you, Cas, can you just go up and bully them?”
He dreamt of a town in the mountains. He dreamt of the monstrous wings of a deadly creature. Black talons and a gruesome beak. He woke with the phantom pain of a slice across his stomach. A strangely displaced pain, as he’d only seen it. It hadn’t happened to him.
“We’re good,” said Dean. Bobby’s innocuous-seeming questions cut to the quick. If there was something to worry about, if it had anything to do with Sam, Dean wouldn’t hedge. Dean was wise enough now to see it for a hunter’s shorthand, the fastest way of knowing this wasn’t a crisis. “I got a favour to ask, Bobby.”
He was up ten right now. Better than being down money, but he had a couple nights to make up for with the motel and they would come around tomorrow asking. He wanted another round, wanted to double his take, but he’d played all these guys already and they weren’t biting. He leaned on his cue, trying to rustle up another match out of Barry, the one with a look in his eye like he had something to prove, but even Barry looked at the pool table and shook his head. Maybe they’d take Dean on again after the hotshot had a few more to drink, make for even competition against the old fogies. Dean had already played the challenge card, played the cloying card. He couldn’t look desperate, so he resigned himself. A long night of beers, till the guys turned drunk enough and one of them decided he had it in him to win this time. Whatever. It was Rick’s shout, and the pretty waitress brought around her tray with bottles for the table. Dean joined in the chorus of flirtatious howling after her, then laughed and brought the beer to his lips.
“Believe me,” said Jody, peeling an orange and handing Claire half. “Essie’s sudden hunches are better informed than most people’s lifelong pursuits.”
Jack ground his back teeth, unable to push himself out of this cycle of his thoughts. Dean again felt that Cas would know what to say. He’d figure out how to help Jack forgive himself. Nothing Dean said so far had taken.
“Huh,” said Dean. Not apocalyptic at all. A radio played in another room, the announcer’s voice fading out as Gordon Lightfoot’s “Sundown” took over. “This is nice,” he said.
“That’s what caught me about this,” said Holden. “She brings up the Creation of Adam, who was made from dirt or clay. She was upset at the idea of ‘imitating Creation.’ Maybe Castiel isn’t the first angel to think of bypassing a living human vessel.”
Young Dean fixed a smile full of cocky bravado on. “The one and only,” he said. “Not a teenager, though. I’m twenty-one.”
“I do?” Dean caught his own words, flashed a breathless smile. Darted his glance away only to look back at Cas. “Maybe save that one for later,” he said.
“No,” said Young Dean with a snort of a laugh. “First, uh, Cas, remember?” Dean remembered. He just couldn’t picture what it was like, having to get by in the world without Cas, now that so much had changed between them. He’d want to be faithful, but he’d get lonely in ways that went far beyond the physical. The thought of being without Cas made him want to reach for the hand next to his. He settled for a brush against the back of his knuckles. Cas looked at him; they didn’t have to speak to understand.
“You would’ve,” Dean said for him, for once not willingly obtuse to the fact. “I get it. Your free will activation code didn’t kick in till too late for him.” He gave a loose nod of his head towards the sleeping quarters where Young Dean would be.
Like retirement, there were no days off. One bled into another. He visited John and Mary’s place again. John had taken himself off to drink and shoot at the range behind the Roadhouse. He was proudly working on his intoxicated aim, what with no risk of injury or fatality to concern him. You could get drunk in Heaven, but you couldn’t get a hangover. Lots of people Dean knew here spent a lot of time drinking.
“What does it look like?” said Cas, ignoring that the stampeding pace of the hunt no longer disturbed the air, but shook the ground below their feet, closing in. “Tell me about it. Picture it.”
He only paused on the page with a full-colour image because it was a circle. Not because he thought it would lead anywhere. Some of the small pictograms inside the concentric circles were these dinky little figures, almost laughable, and the writing was all in Latin and a heavy script. What caught his attention was the picture at the top of the circle, a man inside an oval, with wings spreading out behind. He thought of angel wings, first. A sentimental notion. Him, the man, and Cas, the angel.
“Got enough heat back there?” Dean asked Cas, uselessly adjusting the vents. An old car like Baby, beautiful as she was, didn’t always handle temperature evenly. With Cas it wasn’t much of an issue—he seemed to be whatever temperature he wanted to be—but it was a different story with Young Dean.
He went automatically for the driver’s side door of the Impala. He paused with his grip loose on the door-handle, looking through the open window. His old polo belt sat coiled on the front seat. So that's what happened to it. “That little scamp,” he said. “God, I wish him well.”
Cas passed a hand over the side of Dean's head, hovering just past his ear then settling again. Some kind of angel magic. “He won’t hear you now,” said Cas. Dean went sleeping on.
“This mission is more than you understand. Even I am more than what you can understand right now.” The demeanor softened. He had Dean’s attention, after that stern outburst. “And we may be requesting too much of you. We discussed it, all of us, and tried to find a way around it, but Dean believed you could handle it. I’m just asking you to listen before you make up your mind.”
“Two of them,” said Zachariah, looking between Sam and Young Dean. “And if they end up as collateral damage, we’ll bring them back when they’re needed. The rest of you? This world has no use for.”
"I will protect it with my life." He didn't like how everything was so new, his voice vibrating his throat and humming behind his ears.
"You don't write in it, Jack." Sam finally pushed the double doors open. A skylight had been opened, spilling natural light in a circle over Castiel. The angel stood with his back to the door, dark and damaged wings spread out wide. He'd taken off his trench coat, just in a white button-up with the sleeves halfway rolled. Jack could see the gaps where Castiel was missing the most feathers. His left side was the worst, with so many missing feathers it reminded Jack nearly of a skinny human's arm, blackened to a crisp.
There stood a young man, he guessed around nineteen or twenty, and he was just about Sam's height when Sam was his age, close to six foot two. He was wearing a plaid flannel and jeans. He was smiling at Bobby, his eyes were a pale blue and he had brown hair that was pulled in a side-part, some of his bangs flopping onto his forehead in a classic 50s haircut. He was handsome, and even though he didn't physically resemble Sam or Dean, Bobby knew their was a connection somehow. He just couldn't put his finger on it.
"Half past midnight, Sam? Really?" Dean scolded, and came up to clap his hand heartily to Jack's shoulder. "C'mon, kid. Curfew."
the kind of attention you've been getting as the camp's leader, which is all strictly business. Attention like you mean the world to them, attention like talking softly about meaningless things. That's what it seems to me like you need, Dean."
Dean flipped around so the two were no longer facing each other and scooted closer to the edge of the bed to widen the gap. He was still frustrated that the angel wasn't doing nearly enough to try and find his brother, and if he couldn't tell where he was, couldn't he be doing something else?
Sam snorted a little and gave Dean a bitch face, finally ducking out of the room to go find the grumpy ex-angel.
Dean's peridot eyes were sad as they flicked up and met Cas's eyes once again. "Yeah, it'll scar." His voice was soft.
"Oh, how nice of you to show up!" He rasped huskily. He must have really been yelling for a while. And his hands looked all bruised and the knuckles had split open, his wrists chafing from banging while handcuffed. "I've been at this for hours! Couldn't you fuckin' hear me?" He coughed and Dean roughly clinked down the pile of pancakes.
Dean's eyes narrowed in suspicion. "Why would you wear out your whole damn voice and kill your hands like that just to tell me that their
Cas once again opened his soul and felt the little one begin to feed right away. "He'll be fine, Dean. With a little sustenance and sleep."
Dean eased down with a loud sigh to prop himself up by the elbows, a few pops coming from his spine, neck, elbows, old injuries coming back in their little ways.
Sam and Jack watched as the light glowing red from within traveled across his chest, past his collarbone, up to pool into his throat. It began to shine at the back of his mouth, behind his teeth. Dean pressed his lips up to the angel's, sharing a part of his grace that he always carried within him, which he so fondly referred to as "the reserves".
"Shit, Mr. Mittens." Chuck spoke up, readjusting his glasses with his another hand as he looked at his messy desk, drained teacups everywhere, papers strewn, crumbs from a bag of chips he scarfed down for lunch. "We're in a whole lot of trouble now."
his fingers tugged at the tie around his neck. Once it came undone he pulled at one side and it slipped into his hands. He grimaced as he looped it over Dean's shoulder and tucked it under his armpit, and with a harsh couple of tugs he made it as tight as possible before tying it.
Leo shook his head. "We need dad, Bobby. When I move them, I can feel the bones shifting around. What if I'm misaligning my bones or something?" He desperately reached for his brother's shirt. "Please. What if I can never fly again? What would happen to me then, huh?" His eyes filled with tears. "I'm already the smallest out of everyone. Please."
"It was from an accident, Leo. Cas was trying to do a good thing, and someone hurt him for it." Dean answered, and a concerned frown immediately formed on the youngest fledgling's face. His deep black wings clumsily flapped in surprise and splashed some water around the tub.
"Chuck?" Dean swung open the front door of the bunker. Behind him, two winged kids pattered across the hall, shrieking and laughing. Dean, embarrassingly enough, was wearing an apron.
"Well, shit." Dean ran his hands through his hair. He was interrupted from saying more as the door banged open behind him. Calcifer was grinning, wearing nothing but a pair of Sam's plaid boxers that were quite baggy on him. His blonde hair fell in wet curls.
He ran a hand through his greasy hair. "I'm the only guy who can fix all of this, apparently, and I don't know where to even start. I have to save my children, and..."
Cas smiled shyly at him. "So, is it okay that I kissed you sometimes on the back of your neck when you're falling asleep?"
"Well, obviously you guys are both alive. And there's supposed to be only one prophet at a time." Sam pointed out.
"Not yet. We have to wait for them to dry, okay? We don't want your siblings pulling at them or hurting them." Cas explained, and Bobby pouted.
"I should get to the quadruplets soon." Cas spoke up, his voice almost misty. "They're going to be getting hungry again."
"...I didn't kill her." I said, hating that I actually got a twinge in my heart when I saw Kevin's expression of elated disbelief.
Cas wrapped his arm around Chuck's and helped to steady him as they began to walk back to the house from the garden. The ex-angel's mind was reeling. What if in
It was frustrating and the desktop was speckled with grey eraser crumbs, but slowly a picture of wings was emerging in front of Jack's eyes.
"Hey, "The Darkness" can't tell a joke like that!" Dean surprised himself at how much better he felt when he was smiling. "Cas,
Dean couldn't quite remember the moment when he'd actually woken up. His eyes were partially open and he squinted through his eyelashes, the only thing in his field of vision was a slowly spinning fan, way up above. One side from the pentagram consisting of several crossing chains had come undone, and the hanging chain was clinking against the slow-spinning fan blade.
Dean still wasn't used to the sensation of his missing arm, and even now it burned. He could tell exactly when Cas would come back into the room. He tried to focus on anything else but the burning, twisted muscles in his missing arm.
Dean finally finished with his ribs but didn't dress it. "Shoot. I told you I was going to teach you how to shower today, right?"
"Sure." Dean agreed. He felt a lot better with knowing Cas was here with him once again, it put him at ease. "And Chuck...thank you."
angels all being my kids. They sure act like it. It's just a little hard to imagine it's not just fifteen but fifteen hundred that are all mine." Chuck scratched the back of his head. "Not to mention all the humans..and all the..
The baby finally dropped to all fours. Cas's eyes lit up. "Yes. Move here, toward father. Come here." He beckoned him closer with the excited flipping of his fingers.
At the register, Cas tried not to think about how much he was costing Dean as the numbers beeped higher and higher.
"De," Sam squeezed the syllable from his lungs. "Cas...can't hear..y..'nymore." He rasped, a slightly curled finger tracing the path of a flaming, streak of fire as it fell in a line toward the Earth.
Castiel's eyes flew wide for a second before he stood back up and stopped Dean from standing up. "No! No, uh, just stay here." He sputtered. "I don't know what will happen to you if you get closer to the source. Outside."
Dean pressed his lips together. "I've been meaning to ask about that, Cas. Why can't me or Sam or Kev help out with that? The whole energy thing?"
Red. What a strange color for blood. It used to be silver, up in heaven. Silver with a pearly sheen like mercury, but more beautiful than that. Dull, ugly, iron, human red, red, red.
"Cas, I don't know why but I...I can still feel it." Dean began numbly, trying to flex both of his hands into fists again. His missing arm that had once had the Mark still burned, liked it was somehow twisted behind his back. His heart had started to pump quickly, and he could hear the rapid beat from behind his ears.
"C'mon, Cas. Let's just get the hell out of here." Dean said, dusting off his hands and leading the cart.
"Will it leave a scar?" Cas asked, but felt stupid right when the phrase had left his mouth. Of course it was going to scar.
"Help me to the car with these, and we'll grab a few energy drinks and some coffee on the way home, okay?"
"Like, sleepwear. Nice, comfy stuff to sleep in. Then you change out of it when your day starts." He smiled a little. "Of course, you don't absolutely need pajamas. I like to go commando. Well, not in those nasty motel beds. At home, though."
"Haha. Sorry." Chuck laughed in embarrassment and rubbed the back of his neck with his free hand. "Cas is, uh, he's very...
It was a horrible selfie, just the very corner had part of Cas's face, he had this squinty-eyed expression on, as if he were confused. The bright white egg was in its little black carrier, and his arm was obscuring most of the photo. A little arrow was pointing to the tiny bit of Cas in the picture, and it had the title "Father." Then the caption said-"Dean got me this to carry you around easier."
Bobby pulled away. "Now, don't be callin' me grandpa, boy. I'm in my fourties now." He said gruffly, and he looked Tobias up and down. "How in the hell you get here, anyway? You better not be dead. I'll kill you again right now if you pulled that on your father, whichever one it was."
"It's just that, this one has a pair of wings but a line of down reaching all the way down his back. Like he's meant to sprout more or something. I didn't know if this was Gabriel or Raphael in a new body or something." Dean shrugged and Cas felt his head spinning a little more. "Well, in that case, I say we name 'im 'Bobby.' "
Dean and Sam exchanged a glance. Cas handed the baby off to a nearby angel and stormed through the house in search of Chuck.
"NIGHT, JACK." Dean called through the door. Jack just squished his face deeply into his pillow and didn't respond.
"Don't look," He mumbled to himself in embarrassment the first time he had to take a leak after the angel had possessed him. He zipped down his pants zipper and could feel the angel's gaze burning like someone looking over his shoulder.
Castiel brought him down to the center of his chest, where grace had started to leak from a singular opening, unlike humans, a flawed secondary batch of God's creatures who were created with two.
"Okay, Dean. My bad. Our bad. We should have let you in on it, we just- didn't think we needed to. Things don't go well when we hide things from each other, I should know that by now."
"Daddy!" Leo insisted this time, his blue eyes sad and his light eyebrows tipped over his big, innocent eyes. "I had a question!"
Dean groaned loudly and rolled his eyes so hard his head came with it, as he swiveled around and went out of the dining cabin towards his own once again.
"I miss you, man. I miss your stupid little head tilts and confused glances and intense stares. I'm sorry for all those times I got mad at you for personal space." Dean perked up as he actually felt Cas's hands slip into his, he felt his calluses scrape against his and his fingers squeezed gently.
Cas felt his cheeks begin to burn, he could still feel the ghost of Dean's touch on his neck. "I...yes, I understand." He turned away and looked at those bright yellow streetlamps again. He was suddenly so nervous, unconciously smoothing down the shell of the egg again for comfort.
Dean cleared his throat. "It was..yeah, uh, they were nice." He stared down at his hands and cleared his throat before looking up once again.
Sam's lips twitched upward again. "Sorry to burst your bubble, kid." Sam said. His eyes were always so kind when they were on him, but they carried deep pools of hurt in them, always. "We're using something different today."
"We haven't even let him out of the dungeon for a while, Cas. Why are you bringing it up all the sudden?" Dean once again met his eyes in the rear view.
Cas yawned but complied, the egg snuggly fitting into the black, padded baby seat. Cas moved around a little, rotated- he observed the small pouch, he especially liked that the edges were padded. It held the egg in place, making sure it was cushioned and didn't bump around.
"Thank you, Seraphiel." He sighed and popped the pills into his mouth, taking a few gulps of water and shutting his eyes again. The three men came into the room, and Chuck peeped open his eyes behind those thick frames once again.
"I know. It's going to be over soon, I promise." Cas had to restrain himself from petting his wings like he was so used to, because the third and forth wings were around halfway out of his back, downy and wet and seemingly shapeless brown bulges.
"I promise you I'll repay for the supplies." The ex-angel spoke up after they'd been driving for a while, heading back home with a car full of supplies stuffed in the backseat and the boxed crib stuffed in the trunk.
This person staring back at him looked nothing like he really did. Without a body, Castiel was tall, completely andeogenous, with long arms and legs. He missed the white ring of a halo around his head, which used to have long, beautiful black hair that swayed around his straight, pale hips.
Dean just did it to calm Cas down. He looked at the list- looks like they got everything they'd need except the crib and more clothes, they'd already bought the socks and underwear. Cas moodily put space between Dean and himself as he went to push the cart again.
"Cas, we gotta talk." He breathed. The angel sat down on the edge of Dean's bed, and tipped his head to the side.
"Overwhelmed" would be an understatement. Cas had absolutely no idea what to do. Dean never thought he'd have to explain so many things in his life.
"When did we agree that it would be called 'Code Red'?" Sam let out a huff of air, somewhat resembling a laugh, and ran his hand through his long brown hair.
Chuck wrapped the blanket tighter around his shoulders. "You know I didn't write that stuff. I would at least have had more monster hunting in it." He finally smiled just a little.
"How have you been, Chuck?" Sam asked when he saw that his friend was back on his feet and not a crying, gloomy mess like the last time they'd seen him.
but shit if it hadn't been a long time since he'd fallen asleep with someone inches away breathing softly in and out, their body warmth spreading over to his side. He'd missed it more than he'd thought. Cas's soft breathing lulled him to sleep, and Dean couldn't remember sleeping deeper.
the wind bit at the apples of cheeks and tips of noses and everyone smelled of body odor and dumpsters but they still pressed tight to each other and pretended they didn't mind.
Chuck nervously sighed and spoke up again. "Shit, Dean, I saw everything!" He sounded overly concerned at usual. "How's Sam? And Cas? Shit, how are you?"
"Get that bowl, Cas." Dean's voice was strained, and he turned away from him once again, hiding his amputated side from view as he leaned defeatedly against the bedpost. "I'm so tired of fighting this."
"My stomach felt hot because of the alcohol, and you said that was normal, but- it also feels hot sometimes when I'm with you. My stomach gets warm and I feel like there's insects in there, crawling around...I don't think that's normal, Dean. I think something's wrong with me." Cas's head nodded sleepily, his blinks getting longer.
"Because I am one." Tobias answered, and suddenly the room was full of brown, his six stacked wings open and spread wide. Tobias grinned innocently as if to say 'see, grandpa? Nothing to worry about.' Too bad Bobby didn't see his expression. He crumpled to the floor like a puppet whose strings had been cut, in a dead faint.
“Love you, Cas.” Dean croaked with his eyes closed, that hiss of “s” so gentle in the quiet of the night. The angel got a gentle fistful of hair and Dean's head tipped back as Castiel captured his lips deeply again.
"Yes. But it's going to be much more difficult with four." Especially because the smallest one needed the most.
Dean took a glance at Calcifer, who poked a dimple in his cheek in parody and flashed his brightest smile. He was still holding that ridiculous 'Homeless Hipster' sign. Damn, this guy was cheeky as hell.
"I know you a hell of a lot better than you think I would." Tobias spoke up. "In the future, expect me to visit you a lot. I was named after you, you know." The young archangel cleared his throat. "Go back to the roadhouse. Everyone will be there, including me and my siblings. We start planning at oh five hundred."
And, two weeks later, when Leo disappeared, they knew exactly where he went. And that there were no 'secrets from the future' after all, that he'd been kidding around. Once again, he was able to come back within a day.
Cas looked down at the yellow-and-black camera and began rolling and winding it up again noisly. "Documenting." Cas replied, as if it were obvious.
"Want to, uh, show me the rest of your scrapbook?" Dean pressed off his knees to stand up once again and he offered Cas a hand.
Dean spoke up for him, he'd turned around after he sent Red pattering down the halls wrapped tight in his towel.
"Now you'll heal faster." Cas said softly. He had a tenderness in his expression that overwhelmed Dean a little bit.
"Well, I like Io better. It's like one of Jupiter's moons, right? You know, that might be a good sign. Jupiter was the main God in Greek mythology, and it might mean she's going to be a good follower of ol' Daddy-o. Kinda like a moon."
"There's the Chuck we know." Sam smiled at him. He hated seeing the little guy in such distress. The three of them felt like maybe he wouldn't be that bad of a father, despite being single since high school without any action for the same amount of time.
The young man looked relieved that Bobby had been so quick. It skipped over a lot of awkward explaining and disbelief. He smiled again, it was a little crooked. "Hi, grandpa."
He felt a gentle had curl over his shoulder, and softly rub his back in a circle. "Dean, I'm...I'm extremely worried about you." Cas knelt down closer and curled a comforting hand along the base of his neck, swiping his thumb gently over one of his slightly swollen lymph nodes in the back of his neck. "You're not well."
Cas wanted to hold his hand that lay between them on the seat as Dean drove one-handed. He settled on letting the sides of their pinkies touch instead.
"Ran out of butter, I see." Crowley's voice rumbled grittily. "But these are still good on their own."
Cas closed his eyes as a light breeeze played across his cheeks an combed through his hair. "I guess." He shrugged. Dean didn't move his arm, and Cas wasn't quite sure what to do.
Castiel smeared his hand over the side of the lump of ash, and the silver handle of the car door very dimly shone back at him, covered in grime. The door groaned and then squealed in protest as the angel wrenched it open. Jet black ash broke into several tiny waterfalls from where it had layered about half a foot deep on the roof of the car, streaming down to form tiny mounds on the ground before trickling to a stop.
"I mean, all I know is that you're not supposed to interfere or something, right?" Sam spoke up, scrutinizing the white egg.
"Hey. Six hours of sleep without a baby feeding off your energy. I forgot to add that before." Dean twisted away just a little. "Go to sleep, Cas."
"Okay," Cas agreed softly. He was much closer to Dean this time, compared to the wide gap that had been there before they'd gone to sleep. Some of the angel's body heat seeped over to Dean's side, but it made Dean feel a bit more comfortable and safe, as much as he hated to admit. "I will see you in the morning."
Dean cleared his throat. "Okay. We'll take the stitches out when we get home, then. And clean everything else."
"Dad..." A rotting hand covered in soot curled around their ankle. Finger bones and red, bleeding flesh could be seen over the thick coating of inky black dust, and Claire's head emerged from the soot-covered earth. Her face looked like it had been rotted away, her eyes yellowed and without light coming from them, like the vacant stare of a fish on ice. She began to slip away, like the ash had turned to water and the tides were dragging her away.
"Nope. Sound proof." He tapped the walls twice with his knuckles, and he looked pissed as he said the next thing. "And sorry if you got a little hungry," Dean shot out, his voice dripping with sarcasm. "I swear, you've got the patience of a four year old. You're my prisoner, remember? Don't expect first class service."
Chuck smile half-heartedly back. "And you didn't even have the consideration to throw me a baby shower."
They were back on the roof of the bunker the night Dean had found him and brought him back. Cas saw his own silhouette, a little hunched back and messy hair against the backdrop and orange-yellow streetlamps strung up like pearl necklaces, and the smaller and cleaner white-light pinpricks from up in the vast, dark sky.
Dean felt that strange lick of jealousy again and cleared his throat. "Well, Cal, it was nice that you could help us out, but we've got somewhere else for you to go after you're done feeding the kids. A friend named Chuck is taking in angels, he offered to give you a place to stay."
"What an asshole," Dean laughed, as they watched he kissed an older woman on the cheek and got a few crumbled bills.
"Okay." Cas replied softly. He came up and touched Dean's shoulder. Dean turned to look up at him, still a little flustered. "Before we go-" Cas took his head between his hands, cupping over his ears, and softly kissed each and every little sore with soft lips. Dean could remember his mother kissing his 'booboos' when he was little, and he swore for a second it felt like her. Maybe that was Cas using his memories of her touch to make his kisses. The best part was he felt no pain- a real touch would have made it painful.
He pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed. "Sam, I know. This whole thing is just going to shit, but I'm trying my best to hold everything together, okay? I know right now is pretty much the singlehandedly worst time for Cas to have...have kids or whatever, but there's nothing we can do."
"Sister," He spoke, the wind from his lungs ticking his windpipe, his breath felt sharp and wispy on the back of his throat and he was so aware of absolutely everything all at once. He felt hair on his face, he felt his tongue in his mouth, he felt the cloth on his body, the shoes squeezing his feet. And he felt a bleeding hole somewhere vaguely in his chest area, gaping wounds that ripped down his back, the loss of what made him an angel.
Then, before Dean could stop him, the ex-angel had thrown himself at Crowley and was throwing a flurry of hard, swinging punches, a sick whumping and skin-on-skin sound.
"Hey." Dean hated to see his brother so upset, and interrupted him with a touch to his plaid-clad shoulder. "Better late than never, right?"
"My...my wing-cuts hurt." Cas explained timidly, still hovering by the doorway as if he were ready to turn on his heel and leave any second. "May I come in?"
Cas stiffened. "I was lost then." He said in a husky voice, clearly very angry he'd brought that up. He looked away and bit his lip, pausing for a second before speaking up again.
Cas looked over, confused, he was holding olive-skinned Io in his baby carrier as she curled a tiny hand around his finger. "Yes?" He asked, pausing in front of the door.
"Of course you deserve us." Tobias's voice was very gentle as he tucked his much shorter father tightly into his chest. "You're the best dad ever."
He didn't see but heard Dean slip onto the side of the bed. "What didn't you like, Cas? I mean, don't get me wrong, but that vessel of yours isn't
"Can I ask you a question about Eggy, then?" Dean changed the subject. Cas sighed but couldn't help but have a little smile creep onto his face.
Naarai's grace, which was white and throbbing, on the dark brown soil like the splatter of a teardrop, faded and died.
"See?" Dean spoke up. "You're not useless. You've got Eggy there to take care of." He snaked his arm around his shoulder and shook him a little, playfully. "See? You've got a damn important job to do."
"Yes, yes. They're all dears. I'm sure I'll be fine here, you take care of those little angels and I'll watch over these fallen ones, okay? And if you find any more, you'll know just where to send 'em." Chuck stood up, all five foot eight of him, the blanket still around his shoulders like a little kid huddling up in the cold.
"I will not interfere. I will draw myself fully out of your conscious and observe other things. You will have the body to yourself." Cas sighed and Dean could practically hear his eyeroll in his voice. "I will comply with your 'sock on the door' principle."
"Casts are damn expensive, and frankly, I don't want to waste precious grocery money for my family on you. Understand?" Dean threatened, using his best drill-sergeant voice. But there was that word again, family. Dean made a mental note to stop being so goddamn sappy all the time, that Kevin wasn't his little brother (even though he acted like it ninety-nine percent of the time), that Cas didn't used to be part of his species and the little critters in that egg he kept with him certainly weren't Dean's in any way, shape or form.
Dean frowned a little. "Oh. I guess that's too bad then, huh?" He wished he could help, he felt bad that Cas was so worn out all the time now.
"Dean, you are...I swear..." Chuck rubbed his temples, but his face broke into a smile. He opened his eyes again, nodding at Sam's flustered face peering out from behind the door.
"I want brown wings like Bobby!" Red whined, and Dean just chuckled as he began to rub his shoulders dry. "
Tobias fell back into his chair and crossed his arms. "Uh...it's complicated. I guess my main father is Castiel. But him, Sam, Dean, Kevin, all four of them raised us."
"Okay, Chuck. I'll let him know, I guess. See you soon." Dean chuckled and lifted Red by the armpits, the baby's skin wet and slippery, as he pulled him from the tub and transferred him to a fluffy towel, laying him down on his back, drying his shock of red hair and his shiny limbs with a fluffy washcloth. The baby squirmed and kicked his legs impatiently, wailing and making grabby-hands as his soaking white wings twitched underneath him, kicking as Dean tried to dry his chubby club-like foot.
"It seems like the only explaination. He's been gone for so long." Cas look sad as he gently stroked Bobby's light brown hair, frowning. The tiny angel squirmed and made little noises, nuzzling closer to the ex-angel.
Cas struggled to hold the squirming and screaming Red on his lap. "Being an angel and possessing the qualities humans define as 'angelic' such as kindness and perfect behavior are two separate things, Dean." Cas answered, shushing the baby gently as he cried. "Their teeth are growing in and their wings are also getting stronger and growing in feathers instead of down. It's painful and uncomfortable, Dean, they can't help it."
"This better be important. I'm taking care of four crazy-ass babies and I finally got around to sleeping, kid." Dean said gruffly, sweeping his tired eyes up and down both of them.
"Sorry, baby. What did you want to ask?" Cas asked, finally pulling the kicking Red from the bathwater and handing him to Dean, who restrained him by pulling him into a towel.
Dean grumbled in embarrasment and stuffed the carrier back in the box and tipped it into the cart. At least he had an excuse to buy it now, not like he was, you know, like the new angels's parent or anything. Pfffft. No way.
Dean began bobbing, kissing the tiny forehead and making his way from the room. It was very obvious to me what was going on when Dean touched Cas softly on the shoulder, his touch lingering.
"Don't worry. You're just back in the Men of Letters HQ, remember?" Dean shot out. He knew that look on his face- the ghost of a nightmare still ramming his heart against his ribs. He said nothing as he steadied his breathing, just looking at Dean with his blue eyes half-lidded.
"Yes. I believed you would be aware of that by now." Cas answered, pulling away and tilting his head a little.
Dean sighed. "There's no easy way to say this, Cas, but...uh, we found out that Chuck is God. He just didn't know it."
Dean only met his eyes for half a second before looking away, he chuckled half-heartedly and shook his head. Cas frowned and took his hand away again and tucked it into the pocket of his coat.
Dean knocked him lightly on the shoulder with his fist. "Good. Well, you can uh, just enjoy the view, I'll be in the bunker cooking dinner. You can come down when you're-" He was about to say ready, but he changed his mind halfway through. "When you're done."
gardening that's definitely it. But if it keeps them happy, then I'll be happy." He smiled serenely and kept scratching the tiny cat's tiny white chin.
Bobby again looked confused. "So, I already did it? I mean, I was able to? Like, in the future I had done it already?"
"They find it fun? All babies find the toy enjoyable?" He demanded, and Dean put his palms up to show innocence.
One of Cas's palms curled around where his shoulder met his neck, and gently squeezed there. He pressed his other palm flat over his shoulder blades and helped to pull him to sit up straight. It gave Dean a head rush, as a tinny ringing suddenly filled his ears and black splotches overcame his field of vision. There wasn't much to see in the safe room except a wall with pinned articles from a case from a long time ago, and Cas. Cas looked very worried, a tiny wrinkle had formed in between his eyebrows and he ground down on his teeth, Dean could see the slight ripple in his jaw.
Dean had screamed at the top of his lungs, rushing forward and planting his palm over the bleeding gash, it was sticky with warm blood and the deep split sickened him.
Bobby still had that look of disbelief on his face when the muffled whump of wings sounded in the air and the kid vanished.
Dean was sitting on the floor, surrounded by empty containers and wrappers. He wiped a bit of mustard from his mouth with the back of his hand and his eyes met Cas's, and for the first time the angel detected a bit of fear in his gaze.
The eldest brother frowned and sighed. "I know. I don't know what we can do except wait for them to heal."
me, Sam!" Chucked choked out. "I'll I've been doing is sitting on my ass my whole life and writing books!"
"If you could add only around half of the sugar, Dean's body needs mostly healthy things right now." Cas butted in, peeking over the counter again. Dean groaned.
"Alright. Let me take a little peek." Calcifer gently took the baby from Cas, who seemed overjoyed at the new energy source, letting out tiny coos. Calcifer sat down on the bed and brought the child up to his chest, examining the wings and the long lines of brown feather down that went all the way down his small, pale back.
Dean tried to imagine if the egg would fit inside that little baby pouch. It sure would make things easier on Cas, going hands-free. And not that Dean would admit it, but he was terrified of the angel accidently dropping it, even though he knew it had to be stronger than the average egg, he still worried.
"Uh, I haven't forgotten about Sam. He just can't get solid foods down right now." He looked Cas up and down; he was filthy. Maybe he could jump in the shower as he cooked.
Cas nodded. "Oh. Well, yes." He didn't want to admit to Dean, but he was nervous about showering. The porcelain floor was too smooth, and what if he slipped? And the water from a shower was so loud, from what he'd observed. Would that shooting water hurt? And what if he messed up with which bottles he was supposed to use? He would not be able to ask Dean about the bottles because he would be naked and it would be indecent for someone to see him naked.
"I know, Cas. Because you've always pulled through. You told me that you thought you might..opt out when you got rid of the Leviathans, when you killed your family members. Remember that, Cas?" Dean urged gently.
"Well, here's where you're crashing for now." Dean shut off the Impala and showed Calcifer Chuck's front porch with a sweep of his hand. "Just don't be too much of an asshole to him, kay? He's a cool guy."
Sam folded him into a secure hug, Jack's cheek pressed to one of his favorite textures in the universe, the softness of a well-worn flannel. Jack squeezed his eyes shut tight and hugged back, and a moment later felt a squeezing pressure at his other side as Castiel joined the hug.
"Please," Cas felt a dry patch in the back of his throat, and his ribcage squeezed painfully in and out and he hacked into his fist, and he tasted iron in the back of his throat."Bring Chuck Shirley here immediately."
"C'mere, we'll go to the kitchen. I'll fix you up something to eat." The dark-haired man hesitantly stumbled off the side of the bed and waited, his eyes boring into Dean. Dean felt extremely uncomfortable as he began to make his way to the kitchen, the mute man silently shadowing him.
"I'm here to tuck you in," Castiel announced in his gravelly voice. This made Jack's lips curl into a small smile, his eyes tracing Cas as he walked up and took a seat in the cushy armchair next to Jack's bed.
Jack tried hard to focus, but it was hard. He had just been so much more in touch with his human side lately... he snuck a peek at Cas, who appeared upside-down to him. Castiel was patient, meditating with his eyes closed as he waited.
Castiel beckoned for Jack to lie down, and he eagerly rested against him and snuggled his cheek into his lap. Castiel marked down another few strokes then paused to run his fingers over Jack’s dark blond hair, resting his palm on the side of his head. Castiel smiled softly at him, rubbing his thumb in a slow arc along Jack’s cheek.
One day Io had been playing down in the living room with her toys, and she'd seen a huge black spider rushing toward her, and she got so scared that she'd accidently telepathically burst all three of the floor-to-ceiling windows.
"Dad." Cas tried the word out on his lips, and he looked almost confused as he kept his eyes downcast. "Dean, I feel sick."
Cas nodded, he couldn't stop himself from gently running his hand over the fledgling's light brown hairs. "This is going to hurt him?"
"I'll try not to." Dean replied softly with a smile, and he ran his hand through the angel's soft hair, letting out a satisfied breath. He'd never exactly had a complete-feeling soul.
When a plan went south and Dean lost five good men and women in a failed raid, he couldn't stand to talk to anyone else in the small community for days. He shut himself off in his cabin, and Chuck respected his distance by staying elsewhere for a few nights. It was just Dean, well, and his mental projection of Cas. The angel gave Dean soft, comforting touches, smoothed his cheeks when tears fell (even though it did nothing to actually smear away the small droplets of water), told him that things were going to be okay. It was an accident, and he shouldn't blame himself. He was doing much better as a Leader than anyone else could have done.
It hit Cas how grateful he should be that he was found so quickly, invited into a home with people he trusted with his life. All of the other Fallen were either alone or with complete strangers.
Chuck lifted a finger lazily, his pale eyes following as the bee flew and touched down right on the very tip. "And a stinger, to fight and defend their colony. But even that, it seems trivial to us, doesn't it? Their colony, their reason for living?" Chuck continued to explain.
They gave me two meals a day, a kind of brunch and dinner. Before the babies hatched, Kevin or Sam would come let me out and I could eat dinner with them with my hands loosely cuffed so I could handle a fork. But now, I was never let out.
Chuck immediately looked very uncomfortable, if not a little sad at the same time. "He didn't tell me."
"I know you're not a child. You're my friend who's in the middle of a rough patch, and I'm just trying to help you in any way I can. Adult to adult, okay?"
Dean already saw some of the filth rubbing and smudging off onto the covers. Oh, well. He'd need to do laundry sooner or later, and Cas couldn't just angel-zap himself clean anymore. Dean swallowed as he remembered. God, things were going to be so different now. He felt a kind of achy feeling when he came to that realization.
Dean gave up on examining the onesies and just grabbed all the packs of clothes within reach; yanking off packs of blue clothes with sailboats and seagulls, green clothes with dinosaurs, dark blue with white and red rockets, yellow with teddy bears.
There was a beat of silence. Dean stared at Cas, raising his eyebrows. Cas stared back solemnly, and when Dean screwed up his face and shrugged again he tilted his head slightly to the left. "
, Castiel. You're exactly the kind of angel I need. My children are all fallen. But when we begin to work and put them back in the sky, Castiel, they will be modeled after you. You were never flawed, or different, you-"
"It's just...it's overwhelming, I don't know. I don't like it when the focus is on me." Dean stuck the fresh bandages on one by one. He sighed when he was finished and turned to Cas. His hands were shaking, and he clasped them together to get them to stop.
?" Sam spoke up, a little flustered. "And you didn't think to tell me about this..angel egg thing before?"
"How much longer are you gonna keep up this 'homeschooling' crap, Sammy?" Dean pretended to argue, crooking his elbow over the seat next to him. "You don't turn out right if you don't get your heart broken a couple a' times by the school hotties. Everyone knows that."
!" He spat, almost in disgust. "Intercourse is supposed to be between two people who love each other, and you have never loved that woman!"
Chuck sighed, shaking some more chili flakes into the kettle. "I think so, Sam. It's just going to take a little while to adjust." The brothers nodded, and Chuck spoke up again.
"So, by exploded, do you mean like, internal bleeding and something bursting, or full-on I have to powerwash the walls kind of-"
"But..Io 'n Red 'n Leo don't have four whole wings and I'm just a weirdo!" He cried out, his four wings drooping with despondency on his back.
The next thing Dean saw was the inside of one of the small trash bins from the kitchen, as his stomach spasmed and he spewed all of the food he'd wolfed down a few hours ago. His throat gulped not on his accord, and with another heave more stomach acid and mashed food sprayed into the can in front of him. Dean let out a low moan, and was surprised to hear another moan overlapping his at the exact same time.
Vessels were not only for the human's sake. It was dangerous for angels to come to Earth vessel-less, and if there was prolonged exposure, impossible to survive.
"Phantom limb syndrome." Cas explained quietly. "I thought that might happen to you. It was...torn away quite violently."
Chuck finally crawled to his feet and grabbed his teacup. "The least I can do is start making dinner." He sniffled, shuffling his way toward the kitchen. "Everybody's probably pretty hungry."
about you." The hand in Dean's squeezed softly, seemingly not of Chuck's bumbling accord. "You scared me too, Dean." Chuck's voice grew softer, and it was getting easier for Dean to tell by now who was talking.
Cas looked up, confused as he squinted his eyes. Kevin lowered his smartphone. "Sorry. It was just really cute."
Cas bit down on his teeth. "I do not wish to look at him right now." He turned away slightly to protect the egg.
Cas curled his hand over Dean's shoulder, lightly squeezing to try and comfort him. "Okay," He hummed softly. "I'm sorry, Dean. This will all be over soon."
The ex-angel forced his eyes shut, a few unshed tears popping out and sliding down the crinkles in his cheeks, as he sucked in a breath and rattled it out once again.
The two were quiet as they nodded, and Bobby hesitated before turning around, spreading out all four of his tiny eagle-brown wings before folding them clumsily to rest against his back.
And Dean could almost see Cas stiffen as he clammed up, zipping his lips and throwing away the key. It seemed to be his default for whenever things got too heavy on him.
Cas wasted no time in scooping the tiny child up and bringing him to his chest. His breath caught in his throat; the wings were black. Just like his used to be.
"Healing." Cas answered, feeling the slice from the mirror over his ribcage throb as well. His back pained him less every day, but it was still a minor annoyance.
"Let go, papa! I want to go play!" Leo whined. "He said he was going to tell me secrets about the future!"
She teasingly stole most of the quilt from him and wrapped it around her own shoulders. He didn't mind her little antics. She'd been one of the angels that had almost died from infection of her wing wounds, and Sol had taken an active part in helping her get back to health. They'd found her feverish and half-dead already, and now she was alive and kicking, just had some pretty large and twisted scars on her back.
Sam took a step and realized the man was no longer next to him. "Cas?" He asked gently, turning to face him. "Are you okay?"
There was no doubt now, he knew. The Darkness made humans so incredibly ravenous that they'd begin to crave human flesh very, very soon. And Croatoan would rear its ugly head, as prophesied.
He obeyed, splashing a little as he turned around. Dammit, two long lines along his back were blackened and crusty with scabs, a little red trickling out, the skin around it very pink and puffy, puckering along the edges, the clear signs of infection.
"Cas, listen man. You can't keep doing this. You have to try and be stronger. You can't just break down whenever you're scared or overwhelmed. You have four angels who need you and you have to pick yourself up. Yeah, I know this whole situation with heaven and Chuck and all that sucks. And I know you might need a few more hours of sleep a night, but you can
Cas paused for a split milisecond when he heard that title. Castiel Winchester. He remembered on the roof, when Dean said he was family now. He considered putting the silver shard down and letting himself open that door.
"Jack-" Cas's eyes squinted deeply, a flash of pain across his features when he finally did look at him. "You've been living like a human, eating and sleeping almost as much as they do. I should have known you needed to feed, but- I had no idea it had gone this far. Why didn't you tell me?"
to protect them. I don't know if there are any more angels out there, and if I fail...maybe there never will be."
. His ceiling fan lazily spinned above him, and he looked at his mounted guns. Damn, it felt good to be in his own room and not any more dingy prisons carved out of the ground below the bunker.
The pairs of blue eyes met. Cas pressed a kiss to his forehead and spoke directly to him. "Leoniel, you will grow big and strong, and one day and you won't only crawl but will run and fly and look evil in the eye and tear out its heart." Cas said firmly.
Tobias let Leo duck his head into his chest, his fist clenching onto his flannel as he shuddered out a few shaky breaths. Tobias put a hand above his shoulder blades and smoothed it down.
"Well, they told me that the car we saw drop Crowley off belonged to the Winchesters, the black Impala with the CNK in the license plate. They've been seeing it around their area. That's not all." The girl pulled a folded piece of paper from her shabby coat pocket. "The map we jacked from those demons we took care of a few weeks ago? Look."
look. "Well, that's good, right? Like, if you'd done it with Sam we'd know where he is right now- It would probably be a good idea if we got separated, and well...whatever. Maybe that other part will help with all your emotional constipation."
"Oh, my baby. They get so exhausted for a few weeks after their second set of wings come in." Chuck leaned down and very gently tucked the toddler to his chest, barely disturbing him like he'd done it a thousand times before (which he probably had.) He softly stroked the two pairs of eagle brown wings, which fluttered slightly in his sleep. "I remember when this happened to little Gabriel. He threw such a tantrum." He had a faraway look on his face, his eyes growing weary, absent-mindedly stroking his wings again.
"Sure." Dean said, straightening up again. "Sure, I'll send 'im in. I don't know if he'll want to answer your questions, though." He lowered his eyes, just staring at the prints on the quilt spread over Sam. "He hasn't said a word to me yet."
"Last stop Crowley." Dean muttered under his breath. "Should I..? I mean, one missed meal isn't gonna kill 'im..." He voiced aloud.
"Hey. Open your eyes, or you're going to miss it again, sleepyhead." Dean rolled his shoulder again.
"Alright, Chuck!" Dean clapped him on the shoulder. "Way to go! Keep working on that, buddy. God on a first-name basis...hell yeah."
Everything was quiet, inside in head. Stifling and unnatural and lonely. His gracless body ached from the loss, newfangled pain squeezing through his veins, his body screaming just from the sensation of blood pumping through his body.
"So, I mean, you need more energy, right?" Dean asked as they waited for the woman to finish their checkout, endless monotone beeps as the blue lit number climbed higher and higher.
Sol nodded. SHW crew: Still Heaven's Warriors. Most crews, no matter how small, chose names for themselves. Garrisons always had names in heaven, it would be strange without them. SHW were all right. Not the friendliest little group Soloviel had encountered, but they seemed bitter because of the losses they'd suffered. Too many of them had to be taken away to hospitals for their horrible infections, never to come back to the crew. He heard a few had even died on the streets.
"...And you can, what, burn this stuff out of me?" Dean looked down at disgust at his own bare torso, going on to place a tentative hand over his stomach.
"I know, I know, it took us a while." Dean chuckled. "But what me 'n Cas have, Sam... it's. Uh." Dean paused to swallow dryly. Why
"Take a couple of swigs. It'll take the edge off, I promise." Dean began to pick at the corner of the old athletic tape that was holding the bandaging in place. Cas obediently took the opening between his teeth and tipped it backward, swallowing and then screwing up his face and sticking out his tongue. Dean slowly began to peel away the bandaging- the semi-healed lacerations had torn open again, and Dean scowled. It looked painful.
"Uh-" Sam clearly was not expecting him to say something like that. "Uh, okay sure Cas," he stammered. "Like, right now?"
Cas tilted his head to the side. "Angels are warriors, Dean." He explained, almost looking ticked off that it seemed Dean had forgotten.
Cas hummed softly in response, rustling in the sheets again. "Should we try and sleep again?" He asked softly. "I don't know if I can."
"Yes, you dummy." Dean smiled, and opened his mouth just slightly. He could see a white glow from deep down in Chuck's throat, and then behind his teeth and leaking out between the gaps, and finally a bright white light that twisted and sailed like some kind of bioluminescent mist made its way into Dean's mouth, and instinctually he breathed in. He felt Cas back again, his warmth filling his body and soul. He closed his eyes and breathed in all the way, until the very last little tendril of grace had entered.
He shut off the water and scrambled out, just in time to be hit by another vision. This time, he saw blazing teardrop-shaped comets falling slowly through the purpling clouds, leaving white streaks in the sky as they plummeted toward Earth.
"Winchester!" The sort-of-ex-demon was screaming out, banging his fists on the door. "Winchester, god dammit!"
?! I'm useless now, Cas! I don't have an arm, how the hell am I supposed to help you? I can't shoot a gun, I can't fight, I..." He trailed off, shaking his head. "You should have left me, and looked for him. You should have left me to die in that car, if it meant you could have rescued Sam."
Cas already felt the small angels beginning to pull from his energy to feed themselves, seeing earthly food would do nothing for their growth. He was able to manipulate his soul in a way the humans didn't know how, opening it up and letting them take anything they needed without barriers.
"Don't worry about it, Cas. I used to bathe Sammy all the time when we were little, he was way less cooperative." Dean chuckled a little when he remembered how much Sammy used to splash around and whine and complain.
"Mm-hm." Cas's eyes were drooping closed, but he reached for the egg by his arm and tucked into loosely into the crook of his elbow. "I like the memory foam. It's like sleeping on a marshmallow." He mumbled, snuggling his cheek further onto the pillow.
Dean's wrist sagged with the gun he was holding. "When," he barked out, a bad feeling pooling deep in his gut. "How long do we have to prepare?"
"Hey." Dean said softly. "Cas, look. Things are just...what they are right now. Don't beat yourself up about it, okay? We can figure this all out. We can find Sam, get this Darkness bottled up or whatever...you get me?" He struggled to sit up- it took a lot more ab muscles that usual- but managed to shift and get his legs dangling over the side of the bed.
His eyes opened just in time to see a little something pull themselves from the shell of the egg, moving olive-skinned limbs and making tiny noises. The fledgling had silvery wings, still downy and somewhat wet, and Dean gently scooped it into his arms.
"Fine. Come here. But you're doing all the talking, understand?" Tobias's tone was soft as he moved to get a better grip on his brother, holding him close in his arms. The two disappeared with a flap of wings.
Those were the first words Cas heard as he came to. It was neither Sam nor Dean's voice, but Kevin's. Cas felt his arm had been dressed with bandages wound all around his forearm, and a bag of red was hanging from a little metal pole. He felt stiches in his aching side.
Dean was barely conscious as Cas held his wrist and guided his trembling hand, dipping it into the blood and leading as he drew a strange symbol on his own chest. "Now," Cas gritted his teeth and gripped both sides of the bowl. The sigils flashed white for half a second before the metal shattered and the blood radiated outward in all directions, the lines speeding along the floor like snakes. These ropes of blood began to draw more symbols as it rushed along the concrete in every which direction, finally coming to a standstill as it closed to surround the two of them in a large circle. Dean couldn't help but cringe at the way it looked similar to the way the blood had moved to create a portal to open hell. This must have been something pretty damn powerful, too.
Dean bit down, his jaw protruding. "You know what it feels like when it's infected, right? You'll let me know?"
"Still in heaven, doing door-to-doors, trying to get something together. We didn't intend to meet you here, it was only because Leo got hurt. I'm sorry about that." Tobias sat down and ran a hand through his mousy brown hair, letting out a sigh and stretching out his long legs. "I don't know what we're doing. I don't know if we can do this."
He let Dean wrap a towel around him, and Dean was reminded of what he was on bath duty for Sam when he was little. His black hair dripped onto his face and the towel and he shivered.
"No, it's all right." Cas replied, wincing a little as Dean began to peel away the second bandage. "It's kind of hot. In my stomach. Is it supposed to feel like that?"
"Cas." Dean panted out, coming up the slight incline and plopping down next to him. "What's up, man? First you're all excited to show me your scrapbook, and then you run off like a friggin' axe murderer is after you."
"You fell asleep shelving books?" Dean put down the blade on a bookshelf and offered his hand to help Cas up. "That's kinda weird. I didn't think you needed to sleep anymore."
"Please," The young woman begged in a whisper, tears free-falling from her eyes without needing to blink. "Don't kill me." She hugged around herself even tighter. Empty cans and wrappers were piled all around her from food consumed long ago.
Earth was poisonous. The atmosphere was chock-full of sins and evil and tainted molecules, unlike the pure, gentle, saline atmosphere of Heaven. Earth was filthy. And to try and survive unsheltered, in an atmosphere like Earth's, grace would die quickly. Within the hour, Cas estimated.
The noodles once again unwound off the ex-angel's fork and plopped wetly onto the plate below. Cas only stared at it dejectedly. A vein was practically pulsing by Crowley's temple with annoyance.
“Of course.” Castiel interrupted to agree, fingers sure and nimble as they circled Dean’s hole with lube, pressed in with a squish and began to twist and scissor. “If that’s what you want.”
She pointed with a finger peeking from a black glove with the fingers cut off at the radius drawn on the map. "That's where SHW has been seeing the car around. We know there's something going on down there for sure now. We just don't know what. What do you say, o mighty leader? Should we all take a little road trip?"
Dean knew he had a point. But they couldn't just let the guy go, right? What if he reverted to be a full-blooded demon? It was
Cas suddenly had his hand firmly on Dean's shoulder. "I want these 'rattles'." He said in a threatening voice, practically growling.
Dean didn't say another word, simply got to work. He placed Castiel's limp hand over his shoulder and held it there, slipping in beside him on the armchair. Dean's nose buried into the dark curls just above the angel's ear and he whispered something into it, he snapped his eyes shut as the handprint-shaped brand on his shoulder began to emit the softest glow.
"That doesn't make it okay!" Chuck's scruffy face finally peeked out from the blanket, the fabric hooding around his head, as the she-angel who had her arms around his shoulders gave him a kiss on the cheek. "What the hell am I supposed to do? I didn't even get confirmed! I haven't been to church in fifteen years!"
Cas blushed a little. "Now that's just not fair," He complained. "It was an emergency situation. Anyone else would have exploded."
Cas thought about running away, but it wouldn't be fair to Dean to cause him even more worry. He chose to hide away somewhere out of sight instead.
"Worst nurse ever," Dean mumbled, still trying to joke. The corner of his lip ticked up into a smile.
“Jack loves you so much,” Cas whispered, skimming his lips along his bare back, and Dean hiccuped involuntarily as a sob made his body jerk. “He knew even before he was born that I was his true father. I didn’t know why I was so weak as I stayed by Kelly’s side— he was siphoning grace from me. It’s
selling it. ('Talk about a friggin' lazy graphics designer.' he'd muttered, taking four of them and putting them in the cart.)
"I'm okay, Aziraphale, thank you." Chuck took the large hand off his forehead, squeezed it gently and reassuringly, and pushed farther into the house.
," Dean put on an awful English accent and gave Cas a shit-eating grin as he threw his arm out in an open gesture. "Ah?
Dean grinned. "As long as you're feeling okay. Hell yeah, who doesn't want to be on a first name basis with the Man himself?"
"You need release." The angel snaked his hand around the back of his neck, just the way Dean loved. "In more ways than one."
Jack leapt up, happy to be dismissed and excited like a little kid by the prospect of being tucked in.
"It's fine, Dean. I don't know if I really want to know." Chuck stood up from the chair at the side of the bed and patted his ankle as he swung around the side to leave. "Feel better soon, Dean. And Cas." He smiled at the two of them.
"We're ready for you." Sam's lips twitched upward into a smile when he saw how Jack gasped and stood up so fast his knees knocked on the table's edge.
The light was fading, like a glowing coal, throbbing in and out of light. He held out his hands, and she slipped a tendril over his palms. A weight came into existence, and he held the object that she'd given him securely to his chest, the object surprising fitting perfectly to the curve of his human body.
Great. He had a sick brother, a half-cured demon in the basement, a prophet of the Lord, and a mostly-mute baby in a trenchcoat. Not to mention Eggy.
And when Sam ran the rest of the errands with him, the question about a change in ownership just kept itching at the back of his mind.
"I know you weren't." Dean answered, and tried to reach out and take the angel's hands, but he stopped himself. "I wish I could feel you." Dean admitted, squeezing his hands together instead. "I wonder how long it's going to be until I think of you as looking like
Dean was not very good at comforting people. Kevin wasn't quite sure what to do with this person he just met, and Sam was struggling to comfort the man who was clearly in a crisis.
When his face did come into Dean's view, Castiel was peering down at him with a small frown. He looked even more disgruntled than normal, his hair was a mess and he still had dirt smeared on his face.
Dean snorted and finally wriggled down into his own sleeping bag. The kid just sounded so much like Cas sometimes.
"Your heart rate is slowing already." Cas commented. "Cuddling can release anxiety. You have had quite a heavy burden, being the leader of this camp."
Chuck half-heartedly indicated to the garden chair opposite of him, but the angel stubbornly remained standing. A second of silence passed. A breeze blew through the garden, the scent of the roses and lilies and hydrangeas filled their noses. Cas's hands were balled into fists as he stood rigid. Chuck took a deep breath of the perfumed air. And something changed in him.
"Hi...um...my name's Tobias, and this is my little brother Leoniel. And...uh...we need a little help." Tobias said, and without even thinking he slipped out a few of his eagle brown wings to help support his little brother better, as Leo began slipping down, wrapping the wings around him.
Jack nodded, knowing better by now than to ask what today's subject was. He'd only find out when he walked in, the walls plastered with pinned newspaper cuttings, textbooks opened to their sections and tabbed with colorful post-its or striped with highlighter, the books lined up in a row from the table's end to end.The smell of the bunker's wood mixed with old, sometimes even ancient, papers and of course Sam's squeaky, chemically dry erase pen. Half of Sam's whiteboard would start stuffed with bullet point topics, the other half blank for notes during the lesson. Jack only had a few more pages until his notebook was full.
." His head gave a throb and Cas gingerly touched it. Being a human was absolutely dispecable. His eyes fluttered shut.
"Are you alright," Cas ended his question in a hard tone, scrutinizing him with a squinty stare as he steadied him with one hand and used the other to cup the side of his face as Dean's eyelids fluttered.
" He scanned the area, looking for anything that could signify the presence of the younger Winchester. He dipped his head into the bloody cave of the car, but it was empty. He looked for any human-sized lumps covered in ash, or signs of him getting out of the car and leaving...nothing. Not even a single footprint, unlike the deep trail of footprints the angel had made on his way to the buried vehicle. It was like he'd vanished into thin air. The angel couldn't feel him nearby, either.
He reached out and lightly touched his shoulder where skin was still intact, funneling a bit of his grace into healing the skin over, just so he could stop the bleeding for now. The regrowing of the limb could come later, when he'd have more time to concentrate. He tilted his head to the side in confusion and withdrew his hand.
Meanwhile, Cas was grabbing as much booze and beers as he could with the forty dollar budget, on top of the case of pain killers that rattled satisfyingly in his hands. Dean didn't understand that he needed them. Hell, just his blood pumping through his body had hurt at first. He needed these.
Cas began to cry. He didn't quite know when it started, but as he looked at the pale forearm that used to have that big, ugly healing line...tears streamed down his cheeks, and once again Tobias pulled him into a hug.
