as Tony has been feeling the past few months and he wants to. He wants to believe that there is away Steve means what he’s saying. That there’s a way, in this universe, where Howard, and Obie and Ty were
“You stupid bastard,” there’s rage in Bucky’s voice like nothing he’s ever heard before. It makes his eyes snap up to look at his best friend, and the glare in his eyes makes him rear back in shock. Bucky has never directed that much anger at him before.
“Yes,” Rogers said easily. He ignored the room’s sudden tension and cast them a serious glance. “I think it’s about time we discussed some things.” He met Tony’s eyes when he said his next point. “I believe this talk is long overdue, and most of it is my fault. Hindsight is twenty twenty, as they say, and it’s something we should have done a long time ago. It’s time we fix things, like we were meant to, as a team.”
, and I should have—I knew, in the back of my mind, that you were trying to help. I knew that I should have stopped and listened, but you—
“I know,” Steve murmurs into his hair. “I still want to, though. So, I’ve been doing a lot of thinking. I realized that I’ve been… stuck, still after all this time. I don’t want to make the same mistakes I’ve been making since I woke up, so I think… I think I need to stop. For a while.”
,” he snaps when the archer snorts derisively, “
“I’m okay, honest,” Tony says with a small smile.
“We’re just trying to keep you safe, Pete,” Rhodey said quietly.
at the suggestion. The little piece of plastic and glass and circuits was all he had left.
is the first thing that Rogers notices. So much of it. Rooms labeled as the armory and the laboratories and something intriguingly called the
don’t answer when he calls. He’s been calling, for two years now, and
“I’m gonna be taller than you, soon,” Harley says mischievously as they pull away. He wipes his nose on the back of his arm, and Tony makes a disgusted noise. He pulls a handkerchief from his back pocket, and Steve will ask about that, and hands it to the boy. Harley rolls his eyes but takes it with a smile.
. Do you hear me? You can stop, Steve, we’ll be with you the whole time.”
Tony pulls away and motions for Steve to follow him. He kind of wants to hold the other man’s hand, but something keeps him from it. Maybe he’s finally learned, but he feels as though he can’t do this the way things usually go for him. He can’t push and prod and go too fast, burn it all out before he has enjoyed it; he’s already lost Steve once, knows how easy it is, he won’t make the same mistake again. So they walk in companionable silence through the cemetery. Leaving behind the more opulent monuments to wealthy folk long gone, Tony leads Steve to his favorite part of the grounds.
“You’ve not been summoned. You cannot simply present yourself there,” Vision said, and there was an edge to his voice. It was confirmation enough to know that the android was less than thrilled with him, too.
C) If anyone has found me on Tumblr lately as of today i am off it (deleted the app on my phone and everything) because honestly my writing and Tony are some of the only things that bring me joy lately and having that much hate and vitriol is honestly just making shit worse.
, and even, surprisingly, babysitting. Though he’s only been brave enough to spend a half hour with Baby Nate alone. He’s not afraid to admit that the other children sort of intimidate him, especially Cooper and the Harley boy, so he’s managed to keep his distance. Baby Nate, on the other hand, had decided that barring his favorite uncle, Steve would suffice. Which is good because Tony had locked himself away again and the soldier figured the baby’s father might actually weep if he had to walk him up and down hallways again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Last night. I was going to talk to you then, but—”
He talks about his struggle with substance abuse. With his recovery after Sunset had leaked a personal video of himself. He talks about his incredible support team, his closest friends whom he jokes he holds jealously. There are no pictures of Tony alone, only with the woman whom he assumes is Sunset and Steve viciously scrolls past them, but then…
“How did she find you?” Steve asks.
“They’re back, though. That’s gotta be weird.”
“I asked him to,” Tony says and he distracts himself with blowing raspberries on Baby Bart’s cheek just to hear him giggle. “You saw the others, Sam,” he says before the pilot can object. “They hated me, that first day. If they’d known I had a hand on that they would never had accepted. The only reason they signed is because it was T’Challa who presented the accords and not me. They would have thought I was… manipulating them, somehow. You didn’t choose Cap because you knew him longer, Sam. You chose him because he was
The bitter part snaps back. Tony suppresses the urge to giggle nervously. Maybe he should talk to a professional about these boxes he has in his head, you know, in case he steps out of the “eccentric” and into the “raving lunatic” category.
“what happened? When you—” Steve asks softly, his hands gripping the couch cushions.
have had to face those things alone, and that he would be damned if he was taken away from doing something
Peter follows him into the room, his steps hesitant, and follows Tony to the rocker without a word. Tony is able to nudge him to sit down, and then carefully crouches in front of his boy, bundle in his arms. They’re both quiet and solemn as Tony passes the baby onto Peter’s arms even though he’s protesting weakly about dropping or hurting her. Tony shushes them both, because Peter’s freak out is starting to make the baby fuss and it’s not going to help any if she starts crying right now. Finally, she’s in Peter’s arms and he looks down at her wide eyed.
“Even if he were still… there,” Natasha presses on. Steve understands, she’s always been the most pragmatic one, the one to look at the bigger picture, but this isnt’ helping. He sees it in the way Thor’s hands tighten into fists, and the change in Rhodey’s posture. “we don’t have the resources to send out a rescue—”
Because the world hadn’t seen it fit enough to just give him the heartache that Steve caused. No, it had to take more too.
Tony smiles, this time. Maybe
because you didn’t give a fuck!”
After a few minutes of walking in silence, and Sam chuckling at the trail of mini-me clothes on the way, the pilot chooses to breach the silence. “It was you, wasn’t it?”
, Clint, what did you think? That Nat and I didn’t think to call you? We,
“A second chance,” there’s a surprising amount of emotion on Lang’s voice. Tony makes a mental know to revise his file in more depth. “You gave them a way to redeem themselves.”
in the other and—he was
(See the end of the chapter for
. It’s so… perfect. “What is this? Ginny, you’re a smart girl, what does it say on the sign outside?” there’s another groan from Steve, and a synchronized sigh from the mothers in the room.
“That’s very good, sweetheart!” she praised. “Your Uncle Tony’s pretty smart, huh?” she asked the baby, and Tony blushed. He let his eyes roam around the kitchen and noticed the others weren’t paying any attention to them. It made him breathe easier until he caught Barton’s stormy eyes on him.
It gets worse from there, and even though weeks and months and years pass, the tide of grief doesn’t abate for Steve. He knows, logically, that he can’t blame himself for the choices Tony is making. How he chooses to deal with his emotions. Yet pain and heartbreak aren’t logical, and in the darkest hours of the night when he can’t sleep and Sam isn’t there to talk him off the ledge he asks himself what he would do if Tony made as choice he couldn’t take back. He wonders who is there to keep Tony from his.
helping, Rhodey,” Tony’s voice had sounded so earnest. As though it was something he was trying desperately to believe himself. “I just—I know I can get it to work. I made the damned thing. I can fix—“
handling it.”
“That’s a dic-“Sam’s eyes went wide when four pairs of a tiny eyes turned to him.”-tator move, man. Lang would totally rock the Pacific Waters.”
Laura Barton kicks ass, and I'm sad to say that while i wrote this I kept thinking "He's so nice in my head'; it's definitely OOC" (brownie points if you leave me a comment and tell me who you think I mean.)
The kitchen falls silent at that, except for the sound of Nate babbling and the girls discussing colors, but the rest of them don’t say a word. Steve, looking up from feeding Nate a cube of melon, looks up to notice the dark expressions on the boys’ faces. Peter looks especially ticked off.
Tony’s laugh startles out of him, and he throws his head back to express his mirth.
but that’s neither here nor there. He pushes his welding mask back down.
“Yes, he was the resident bioengineer if I am not mistaken. His research and expertise was a bit more helpful than our other
, you should,” Rhodey bites out. One of his hands grabs Tony’s him and pushes him behind him, a little roughly.
Steve is having a good enough life in London, five years after, when the unthinkable happens. He’s managed to make a few friends, Xavier and his maybe-husband Erik who are professors at some institute in New York but spend a lot of time in England. A sometimes air-headed guy named Brian Braddock who is, frankly, hilarious and reminds him a little of his best friend. And then, of course, there’s Peggy.
Feeling like he was in a dream-like state, Tony did nothing but comply. Sam motioned to the sit next to him, and smiled when Tony complied. From the other side of the table, Rhodey raised his eyebrows at him.
Clint stares after him a second, clearly debating whether following him or not would work, before he comes to a decision. His eyes seek Steve’s, to see if he can deal with the Tony situation alone, and then rushes after his son when the soldier nods. Laura looks torn before Steve motions with his head for her to follow them. She asks that he call her when he finds their wayward genius before following her boys.
“And him?”
Thankfully, nobody he meets the next day had ever cared enough to ask how he was doing so he would probably be okay.
“Not anymore,” Carol says tightly. “Look, I can tell you my sob story later if you want. Though I don’t remember much of it, and I don’t think telling you is going to be much help. Right now, we’re entering Terra’s solar system and we will be there soon enough. So how about a plan before we get there?”
He can’t sleep.
Steve swallows thickly as he watches Tony stand there, surrounded by nothing but his machines, and looking close to breaking. He’s swaying a little bit where he stands, and the arm wrap around his middle and the one he brings to wipe his face are shaking. Steve tries to figure out what is going on and is growing more concerned by the minute as Tony just stands there, before the room around the genius flickers. Steve blinks, and the next thing he knows the room has changed.
offering to be better for someone like the merchant of death. “And I know,” the soldier continues before the mechanic can interrupt again. “Tony, I pro—“
he was made privy to them; he wants to think it’s because Tony trusts him now at least that much, but a part of him thinks it’s got nothing to do with trust. Maybe it’s because the mechanic thinks he should know a bit about the remarkable woman who was taken away from him by Steve’s best friend. The thought hurts because the blond doesn’t need Tony to do that. He doesn’t need Tony to tell him who Maria was for him to feel like utter shit about what he’s done, and especially when it obviously hurts the mechanic the way it does. Steve has never really seen cry before; even in Siberia he’d kept a tight lid on his emotions. Had refused to let Steve and Bucky see the pain the surveillance video caused him.
“What are you telling me.” Steve’s voice is harsh and unforgiving as he takes a step towards the android. “You better not be—”
running around in his head.
, and seeing the same pattern with Sunset.
,” Rhodes says with a chuckle, and Steve can see it. Doesn’t even have trouble imagining it. “That’s when I got to see the pattern, you know? I had been an asshole to him before, but once I started giving him attention? He just—exploded. Anything I mentioned I wanted, it would miraculously find itself into our dorm room. If I asked him out to get pizza with me, he’d pay for the whole thing and leave a ridiculous tip. If I wanted to get to a party, he’d blow a hell of a lot of money on alcohol so I could take it with me. If I needed help with my homework, he’d offer to do it for me. It was—it was
“Rogers,” the man starts and he’s still not looking at Steve. The blond doesn’t know why, but he keeps quiet. There’s a look of introspection on the other man’s face that advices the soldier that he best keep his mouth shut. “I would threaten you, but that’s not quite effective for us. Anything I might want to do to you, Tony can do a thousand times over even if he never would. No matter how much you deserve it. So, that’s not what I want to talk about. Though I hope it goes without saying,” and the Colonel turns to look at him and Steve is man enough to admit that he feels fear crawl down his spine. This isn’t Rhodes, Tony’s platypus or honey-bear or whatever other affectionate name he wants to call him, the man in front of Steve now is Lieutenant Colonel James Rupert Rhodes, War Machine. This is the man who’s fought in the Air Force longer than Steve has even been awake, this is the man who has piloted a suit of armor, fought robot armies, taken care of Tony Stark for years. “That if I ever catch wind of you doing this sort of shit again, I will take whatever piece my brother leaves of you and obliterate it. You got that?” At Steve’s shaky nod, he looks away. “Now, I’m going to tell you something. Something that Tony might hate me for sharing, but I’m going to do it anyway. Because I see it, you know,” there is pure anger swimming in Rhodes’s eyes. “I see the way you still look at him like
? Is that what I am to you, Steve?
“I promised myself I wasn’t going to yell,” Steve exhaled, addressing the chandeliers now. “But we find ourselves here again. I don't think there's anything I can say that you didn't hear since the last time."
“What?”
A man with shaggy blond hair comes over, scrubs Tony in the head and offers another line. He’s built like those surfers paddling around the beach in the mornings. Steve could take him—twist his arm and shove him off. While Steve can't hear it due to the bass and the screaming all around him, he can see that they're all laughing. Tony shouldn’t be with them. They have a gleam in their eyes that speak of vultures.
“Oh, right. I’ll bring you something back.”
“Tony, it’s fine. I’m glad you did. No one has done that for me in a long time. Thank you.”
“Rogers?” Tony croaks, pocketing his hands to stop it from shaking. “Do you remember — is it you? Is it really you?”
Steve tugs at my hair, then runs his hand through it. He flips me so I’m on my back and he arranges my legs to wrap around his waist.
Steve pauses, sets his utensils down, and nearly walks out.
“Would you know anything about that? Home. Home cooked.”
“Steve didn’t know we were coming over,” Bucky replies, setting the pizzas down before walking up to Tony to shake his hand.
“Noted, Sir.”
Natasha sits on the rolling chair, perches her sock-clad feet onto the table and gestures for Steve. He sits on the sofa across from her.
Steve tried to follow Harley, but Peter blocked his path. “Pops, you should let him go. Just let it go, alright? The more you chase and push him, the more he’ll run away.”
To wish you were here.
Steve laughed and slicked his aching dick with both of their spit. Then, for good measure, he fingered Tony again, pumping in and out, hard.
Tony's hand scratched at his back, hard and insistent. Almost pounding. There’s a beat that stretches, on and on, and Tony gasps, scratching at Steve’s shoulder.
Tony's long finished his omelette, but there's a side of half-eaten French Toast he continues to pick on, stripping tiny sections with syrup sticky fingers.
“Yeah? You wanna be an actor?”
He wonders when exactly the Compound started feeling uncomfortable, whether it was before he told Natasha,
Tony bought it for him their first year together. It’s a vintage piece, large, and looming, taking a good portion of the living room. Against the wall was their collection of records purchased in second-hand stores all across Manhattan.
“And to be old and in love.”
She braided her hair today.
“But you’re the longest that’s lasted.” Steve squats, pulls my head and slaps me just once, like it’s meant to be a pat on the face.
Across the way, the Sheriff is chatting with a kid, Tommy Shepard.
Tony bit his lip. Hard. He wasn’t going to cry. He would repeat the mantra until it was true.
Steve was overwhelmed with the impending grief because what if—
He’s mumbling apologies, “Oh god, Tony, I’m sorry — I’m so sorry, fuck, please.”
We’ll all wear Tony Stark’s face as he kills us.
That’s okay, too.
He laces his boots and stands up, knowing that his cock tastes like Tony. He puts his jacket on, knowing the way Tony kisses his lovers. There’s nothing left. No more clothes to put on. No more stalling.
Morgan was sitting on the lap of a sedentary Iron Man suit. It was Mark VII, the suit Tony wore when he redirected the nuke to the portal in the Battle of New York. They were on the floor and one of Tony’s—no, the suit’s—hand was on her waist. He wondered if she placed it there. If she arranged them like that. Tony used to do that whenever she sat on his lap.
He ran back in time to flick the pancake as it bubbled up, all the while whistling a tune. As he turned around, he found Tony sitting on the barstool, forehead slicked with sweat.
But we are a dying breed, so it doesn’t matter. Steve will have all of us, and he’ll reach the last of us, and then, he’ll have no Tony Stark to hold at night.
“Explain,” Red Wolf demands, a hand on his hip.
“Where to?”
Steve wrapped his arms around the suit and fell apart once more.
be more. Easter. Birthdays. Shit, even mundane things like Open House and parent-teacher conferences. Fucking parent-teacher conferences where I have to sit
“Is that all?”
winghead.
“All the good ones are.” Samuel winks and circles them to jump into his truck. He rolls down the window and waves goodbye. “I’ll come by Victoria’s tomorrow and show you around town.”
He leans against the doorframe, still in the shadows of the hall, and palms his dick. He tries to control his breath, but they pay him no mind. He wishes that it was him instead—imagines himself in Rumiko’s position. Steve would fuck Tony the way he’s begging to be fucked.
He was so fucking angry at the world. He’s helpless to the rage inside him and this bloodthirst. He wanted to put the Captain America suit back on, rip out the stars and stripes and just go fucking kill something. He felt sore all over, overwhelmed by his own tears and the sound of Morgan and Harley’s sobs. Peter was stoic as ever beside him, a hand on Steve’s shoulder.
The world, the universe, made something of its self, and even in war, these mountains were still standing. He turned to Tony, overwhelmed with the need to get closer, to be a little braver, to lean against the suit. Tony's faceplate pulled up with a hiss. There was a grin plastered on his face, so wide and deep, his gums were showing. "Hungry?"
Steve raises his head and smiles. He pulls out his own case and match sticks.
“I’m not thirsty,” Tony replied, catching the way her fingers twitched on the hem of her dress.
He arranges Tony to the settee, then grabs a soup bowl, whistling the entire time, like he’s slipping into character.
Steve sighs, no other choice bur to march on forward and get dressed there. With the towel wrapped around his waist, he walks out, only to catch Tony sitting up with the pillows piled on his back.
How many times has Steve seen that mole in the showers, in the Mansion, between missions, when Tony’s stripped off his shirt, walking to Steve shirtless? Walking away from him? Walking to someone else?
Tony hums, eyeing him for a beat, then seems to find something of approval. He hops from the chair. “I’ll walk you out.”
His body is heavy with the weight of being in the town square. It’s too bright out, and his eyes hurt every time his sight lands on the window of the Sheriff’s office.
“Let her go, please,” Peter Parker begs. He raises both hands, defenseless. “Uncle Ben, please.”
He’s reduced to a series of organs that function to sustain a life half-lived, a life that doesn’t matter to anyone but Steve. Just command signs to his brain.
“You’re a dangerous man, Tony Stark.”
Others are rolling hash by cutting a pale business card and rolling it as a filter tip then placing it on the translucent paper. With deft fingers, she places the hash on a line then rolls the paper three, four times before offering it to the friend beside her. A match is lit, then its smell fills the air for a second.
Tony nodded, holding his hands up for Steve.
Five years later, the book he left open is still on the same page. He reads the passage carefully, then puts the book aside.
Someone told him he should listen more, and he’s taken the advice to heart by biting the inside of his cheeks, waiting three beats to make sure that a person is done talking.
“Still, it’d be better if Rogers was around,” Sheriff Red Wolf says, tone wistful. “I was wrong about him, called him a crazy son of a bitch —”
“It is. It is a good life. Somehow, we have that.”
Peter and Harley were fourteen and twelve, respectively. Steve wondered how many more birthdays Tony would miss. Forty? Fifty? How many more Christmases would Steve spend without him?
Manhattan was busy on an average day. Millions of people crowd in subways and push each other off on the streets. But since Tuesday evening, the city mourned the loss of Tony Stark. All the major news outlets covered his death while social media erupted with mostly positive descriptions of his life and subsequent death.
Tony couldn’t shake the need to tell Steve how he felt. He never wanted it to be like this — he never wanted for Steve to die. There were so many things Tony preferred not to remember, but his brain filled him now. Non-stop, images of Steve screaming at him in the cell, the veins on his temples bulging.
Tony shook his head. “No. Can you?”
Steve prefers me pliant and needy: desperate for his arms around me, soft for his kisses, nearly distressed for how much I want him to be inside me. But he also likes when I resist, so I turn away from him, and he grabs me by the hips, pulling me to him until he can get on top of me.
“You’re welcome.” Steve shuffles his feet, lost. The music's too loud and it smells like sweat from the barracks. The double doors are open, but there’s no breeze to alleviate the heaviness of the smoke. “I was just passing through.”
“You’re gonna kill me, aren’t you?” Tony smirked, moving closer to Steve. “Yes, you have permission to hold my hand. You don’t ever have to ask from now on.”
Steve peppered more kisses on his face, careful not to shake Tony too much in case he got dizzy again. He went to the kitchen, took out the ingredients for a full on American breakfast and got to work.
Tony remembered thinking, she must have been in a lot of pain to make the leap. While desperation was present in her features, she was determined, as if this was all she had left to give.
It’s a different fight this time. A harder battle because they’ll want to hold each other, be gentle in the right ways, be rough in the ways that feel good, because Tony’s always liked it when Steve fucked him hard and raw until he was cross-eyed and unintelligible, babbling about how wonderful and handsome Steve is and biting his bottom lip so he doesn’t spill how much he loves Steve, so much so that he’d swallow the world to keep him safe.
He has that spirit about him, the sort that you follow anywhere because you’re too blind to see that he's simply just a son of a bitch who lets silly things like love dictate him.
“Uh, I,” Steve begins, feeling embarrassed. “Just a few days.”
The elevator doors opened, revealing Natasha and Bucky’s grim faces. They nodded, held the door open, then got in, pressed the close button. He felt breathless as the elevator travelled down.
They stay silent.
Tony hits the first key, then the rest follow. He hums at first, getting settled. Drunk out of his ass, he sang outside the station, timing it so that Steve was in the station, feet up on the rickety wooden desk, reports in hand. The best nights were when the oil lamp burned low and there were no other men locked up in the cell. Steve would invite him over to sober up or walk him home.
The last time he was in a station, he was a kid, not even a man. Trains reminded him too much of blood on tracks and mutilated bodies. Even with his tenure as Iron Man, he never got used to the way life left someone's eyes.
“You did, sweetheart,” Steve says, nearly in tears at being her father. “Thank you.”
“Oh, we’re going to pick on Tony? That’s what you wanna do today? And here I was about to offer to suck your dick.” Tony wiped the frothy bubbles from his temples and rinsed the shampoo off Steve’s hair.
There’s no more hiding.
He’s always watching me and cataloguing my every breath. He tracks each movement, from the tilt of my head to my gait.
The door rings open and close. The barkeeper nods and continues washing down the bar. Outside, there’s the sound of critters crawling through the night. Late February has always been chilly, especially with the winds coming from up north.
“Thank Sam for the name.”
Overcome with want, Steve grabs his ass, squeezes it, hard, then sets him down on the bench. They didn’t have time to work Tony open, but Steve gets down on his knees, opens Tony wider, and licks his shaft. He sucks the head, and when he looks up, it’s to see Tony’s heedy eyes, pupils wide and dark. His chest is flushed and he hands heavily. Steve works a tongue to swirl on the head, flicking his tongue over the slit before dropping down to put one of Tony’s balls inside his mouth.
“Boyfriend?” Tony raises an eyebrow, pats his pockets, then leads Steve out to the dance floor. “Girlfriend?”
Failure, though, that's another beast. You ever read Samuel Beckett? He was after your time, Irish playwright who had a tragic view of life. He's a funny man. Though, you might not like him, Steve. He's probably too much an absurdist for you. You're an idealist in an ugly world and really, that stubborn optimism of yours pisses me off. But I admire it. Respect it. Even if I disagree. Beckett says there's no meaning of life and accepting that well...that leads us to freedom. A different freedom than one you might think of, Steve. You’re dead, so you’re free. The rest of us are held captive in this reality. Suspended animation, Reed might say.
He sinks into the feeling, letting go.
Be safe
“It isn’t supposed to be like this.” He choked on the words, letting himself break down in the way he could never do in front of his kids. “He’s not the one that has to go on and keep on living. Fuck.”
It's a hologram. But it’s almost close to the real thing.
Tony hummed, a soft laugh shaking his form. Steve wanted to hear the sound again and again. “Yes, you do, never stop telling me things, I want to hear everything you have to say Steve, every thought, every promise.” Tony swallowed, turning to him, eyes still so brown and expressive. “We write our own scripts. So don’t forget you’re the protagonist, alright? You’re the hero, you’ll overcome this.”
Steve didn’t have a fundamental moment to pinpoint when it began.
He blinked, whipping his head back to Tony’s eyes. He didn’t even know he was staring at Tony’s lips. He could watch the man talk for hours and not hear anything he said.
“No, no, hell no, I see your face. I don’t wanna start this conversation.” Tony holds up a hand, shakes his head. He takes the soiled napkin and flicks it to Steve’s side of the table with a huff. “We’ve only been here a day, I don’t wanna start now.”
Fuck. I guess grief makes a man mauldin. Carol got sick of me sitting in the conference room with all the paperwork I have to do for SHIELD now so we went on a walk throughout Midtown. The place you like, you know, the one by St. Patrick's Cathedral, where the baker makes bagels with extra sesame? It’s gone. Didn’t survive Ultron’s attack. The family moved to New Jersey though, restarting their business in a place that doesn’t get attacked as much as New York. Maybe that’s for the better.
Tony crashed their mouths together, fucking his dick in Steve’s closed fists.
“I don’t know. I’m so. I’m so sorry. I don’t know. But we will.” He kissed the top of Morgan’s head.
Yes, that was a good plan. Routine was important to the process.
Pitt'o Nili is cuffed and taken for questioning.
Steve didn’t believe him at all. Instead, he twisted and grabbed Tony’s chart attached to the bed frame. He reviewed the doctor’s assessments: concussion, sprained ankle, and two fractured ribs.
He can’t decide if he wants Tony to come on his face or his mouth, but he wants Tony to see the evidence of his spunk dripping down Steve’s cheeks and jaw. It’s not possible—it can’t be—and so Steve just sucks Tony off. He flicks his tongue on Tony’s slit, then mouths at the head of his cock. Steve’s not above pretending that Tony’s moaning his name.
Clint looks like he's in pain, as if the noose wasn’t tied properly. Maybe Steve wanted it to hurt, wanted to prolong Clint’s life as penance.
He thought he’d left this behind in the cold wetness of a bunker he’s tried to forget.
He offers help when it’s needed and stays within his own little corner otherwise, hunching his back to make himself smaller, appear less threatening.
He wants to be wrong, but he’s probably right.
It’s lucky, really, but he doesn’t allow his growing bitterness to stop her from her animated tales of working part-time in her family owned establishment.
“Loud and clear,” Barton says with a clenched jaw before Tony can say anything in response. He turns to give the mechanic a steely look. “shall we?”
briefed on what will be needed to be done. Not to mention the fact that—“his eyes flit briefly to Tony and the man in question gives an almost imperceptible shake of his head, and the king sighs. “A bit of Doctor Banner’s research may be helpful make his recovery faster and safer.”
“Stark,” Sam says quietly. His eyes scan the plans again, as though he’d missed it, but he doesn’t see it. Steve looks, too, his heart pounding in his chest. He even looks through all the rooms in red, but his name is not on there. “Maybe he’s back at the tower with Pepper.”
can’t
those people.” The phantom feel of dripping blood assaulted Tony,
It was, as it turned out, the blow that burst the dam.
“Ah, so they told you about that,” Tony says.
“I think I’ll finish this in the lab,” he tells Rhodey quietly as he grabs his plate. It once again brings the conversation to a halt, and he hates it. he hates that they can’t have a normal day without him fucking it up. God.
“I’m sorry,” Peter says after what feels like an eternity of Tony’s heart being torn in his chest. “I know—I know how hard this is for you—” Peter’s breath hitches in his chest. “I don’t mean to make this any harder, I just—”
, God, he couldn’t breathe and there was debris on top of him, and everything was dark and he couldn’t do anything…
to come collect him. Those two hours and fifteen minutes had been the worst of his life. The thermal undersuit had barely kept him alive as the freezing cold of the bunker seeped into his bones. With the weight of the metal, the jagged pain that he knew would scar on his chest, and what was sure to be a hell of a concussion Tony had honestly thought he wouldn’t make it. It wasn’t just the physical beat down that he had taken, but the fact that every time he turned his head there was the glint of the sun on vibranium and all he could think about was “
“Wow, you must be
So Bruce tells him what happened, and it takes both Natasha and Vision to get him to let go of the phone and sit down at what the man on the other line is telling him. The ringing in his ears is back, and he knows that Sam and Wanda are trying to talk him out of his impending panic attack, but he can’t hear shit of what they’re saying because all he has, stuck on a loop, are Bruce’s words.
Tony, but that Tony was different. Tony was bright and loving and bubbly and smart and capable, and he would find someone else. He would move on.
“Us,” Steve says, adding salt to the wound with a clarification they both know is unnecessary. He feels cruel, with the other boy’s full body wince, and the way he takes a step back.
“Tony, what—“Steve starts, wide eyed. He had known that they didn’t have the best relationship. Had known that there was a lot of bad blood there, still, but…
“I’m sorry,” the words sounded like they were punched out of him. “God, Tony, I don’t have words for what I did. I thought I was protecting Bucky, I thought I was protecting
“Well,” Steve finally managed after an awkward silence. “We can order in. You all heard, Coulson,” the name tasted bitter on his tongue. It wasn’t merely the surprise on finding that SHIELD had lied to them,
“She was the one that taught me how to throw a punch. But anyway, I’m digressing. So there I was, being unceremoniously carried into the kitchen, kicking my little hobbit legs to make Jarvis let go of me when I see her. I swear to God, I just went
, but he’d heard this sound before. This fake, broken laughter Tony sometimes did when he couldn’t handle what was going on around him. He’d heard it back with Ultron, once, and shortly after they came back.
Tony is beautiful in the mornings. He’s gorgeous any time of day, but he’s especially beautiful when he’s the first thing Steve sees. His curly soft hair is tousled and the morning light filtering into their room makes his eyes go molten and bright. His lab-roughened hands come up from between the sheets and grab hold of Steve’s face.
“Rhodey?” Steve asks, begs, as he closes his eyes and cups a hand at the back of the baby’s head.
“I, uh, yeah… I can… yeah, I can take her. C’mon, bug,” the pet name passes through his lips without him even knowing, and he winces. Lang gives him a surprised stare as Cassie gives him a final hug and runs towards Tony.
“Dad? You in here? The lady said to be careful ‘cause you guys might be sleeping or something even though I thought that was kinda crazy because like you just got here,” ah, yes. His blabbermouth that sometimes impersonates as his soon who had been bouncing off the walls in excitement for a solid three weeks. Tony gets off the rocking chair, carefully like the bundle will explode, and moves to the door. He’s still going out there. “And honestly, with something this important why would you even be sleeping. I didn’t want to say anything because oh my God—"he’s finally noticed Tony in the doorway. “That’s a baby. Oh my God, she’s
2) I have a lot of anger towards Clint Barton right now, okay. Like I love my son and everything, but he can be a right douche sometimes.
But now here Tony is, with a tiny, squishy-soft bundle in his hands, and a sense of love so strong he has only felt twice before. He’s been unable to do anything but stare adoringly down at her the whole hour he’s been here. He could have taken her home, but the sudden hit of love/protectiveness/awe that had filled him from the moment she was placed in his hands kept him.
For a long moment, they merely stared at each other. The other man’s eyes were stormy as they looked into Tony’s eyes. The mechanic realized with a start that the other man was younger than him, though the creases near his eyes spoke of the same stress Tony felt. A pang of sympathy hit Tony as he remembered the file he had compiled of the other man when Ste-
A phone. An album. A life. A heart.
In the morning, Tony wakes up to the incessant beeping FRIDAY had chosen to alert him to a new video called. He scrunches his eyes tightly shut in an attempt to shut the outside world enough to stave off the headache. The sounds of the blender comes right on cue from DUM-E’s station, and Tony groans but can’t help chuckling tiredly immediately afterwards. Damn faulty bot with adorable quirks.
Laura has baby Nate in her arms, his eyes huge as they stares at his father and sister, and Cooper is standing stock still next to her. His eyes are tearing up, but there’s a scowl on his face as he stares at his father. When Clint’s face comes out of Lila’s hair, he meets the eyes that are so like his own, and Tony has to look away at the pain there at his son’s rejection. He gets to his feet, Lila still cradled protectively in his arms, and takes an aborted step forwards. The whole room has gone silent, and when Tony meets Tasha’s eyes he says that he’s not the only one affected.
Though the glass is reinforced, and he knows it, Steve can still hear Tony’s voice. Sometimes the goddamn curse coursing through his veins is actually helpful. He stands there, wide eyed, as Tony shakes his head sharply and makes a rolling motion with his hand. He’s wearing some kind of glasses that wrap around his head and light up with a faint blue light. “Roll it again.”
“Where did he go? He’s not answering his phone,” Peter is tapping at his device frantically as Harley does some complicated finger movements over a StarkPad.
“I didn’t,” the Captain says and he looks sick. “I didn’t tell him, and that’s on me. In Siberia—“
“I’ve been failing you for so long, Tony. I was your captain, I was your teammate, and I didn’t trust you. I didn’t see that you needed us just as much as we needed you. You gave us… Tony, you gave
and to feel how right it feels to be back before he moves on to the war room.
“It was already underway,” the King says, and sounds as though it pains him to admit. Tony doesn’t know if his father had been an advocate for those regulations as well. He hopes not, for the young man’s sake. “In the very early stages, General Ross had managed to throw enough of his influence on his plans that he had sufficient backing from many members of the UN. It wasn’t until opposition rose from sitting, and new members invited to speak, that him and his followers backed up from the harsher protocols they wanted to introduce. What you all saw was a hard won compromise to provide more opportunities to enhanced individuals. Not just punishment, but reintegration if the case were to come up someone having outside influence exerted over them,” here, T’Challa gave a pointed glance to two members of the group sitting around the conference table.
he didn’t
if he tried, but does he? No, because he enjoys my suffering.”
“Tony-bot likes to say naughty words,” a young voice chirps in. Tony turns to see Ginny now sitting next to her brother and he grins at the watch strapped to her skinny little wrist. Score for that vintage. She’s looking at Scott as she says it, so he assumes that he’d enquired about their argument. Cassie, who’d been sitting next to her father, nods in confirmation. “So Momma made the rule that he has to drop a hundred dollars into the college funds.”
Finding the Starks’ lost takes him a while. The place is big, and there are twists and turns, and long stretches of dilapidated headstones. He forces himself not to read them, irrationally afraid that he might know some of them, and pushes forward on his quest. At some point, he finds a groundskeeper to ask for directions. The old gentleman stares at him with narrow eyes, but eventually points him in the right direction. Maybe he gets a lot of tourists. Smart men and ladies who like him for his inventions, maybe even swear in their name the way Tony does with Tesla, or the curious masses who liked that he was handsome and elegant and probably didn’t care about his brain.
3) I will probably never like Wanda because of what she did to my baby, but I understand her weariness of being back at the compound.
Tony chuckles at the name the children had given T’Challa. Though they haven’t met yet, officially, they had been interested in him after watching some news segment. Still, though, that particular cat shouldn’t be out of the bag quite yet. “Yes, well, we all helped. Now, we have to go so the adults can talk for a bit.”
Steve had had enough conversations with Wanda to earn some insight into the younger man’s thoughts. He had asked her, early on, about the relationship between them, about the boy who had tried to protect her… the reason she had joined them to begin with. Pietro had loved her, Steve knew this, desperately and completely, but that had never blinded him.
Steve grits his teeth at what the supposed reporters say about him. Sam and Bucky try their best to turn the channel when they’re around but that still doesn’t keep him from obsessing over what the other man is doing. He knows that Tony moves away to California to take over his family’s business, sees the cover on Times and every other magazine of him posing with his godfather. Even through the makeup and the lighting, Steve thinks he looks exhausted.
And God, that is not something that he wants to think about at the moment. He has enough useless shit to occupy his time these days. He swipes his hand carelessly to the side to dump the files back on their databases and turns his attention back to the arm. He loses himself in metal and circuitry for a good while there until FRIDAY’s voice pulls him out of his zone. His ear-splitting music gets cut off, and then he can hear his girl’s disapproval loud and clear.
“I am so sorry, Tony,” Steve says. Earnestly, passionately, clearly sincere. Tony wants to push him away and berate him and scream, but he can’t. he leans forward and for a while second the mechanic thinks he’s about to kiss him, and he’s torn in whether he wants to or not, but the blond merely rests their foreheads together. His eyes are wide open, though, drinking the sight of the other man. Tony could drown in that gaze.
“Try being one, kid,” Tony says as he adjusts Baby Bart.
“No,” the boy says and when he turns around Tony can see the determined set to his jaw. “No, I
. And I’m so—I’m so scared,
But there is also pain, and he pushes that solidly to the back of his mind. He can’t afford to destroy Peter’s enthusiasm. It’s the first time since—since, that Tony sees him this happy. His smile hasn’t been this wide since before. For the first time, Tony can say without the shadow of a doubt that his soon is happy, and he doesn’t want to mess this up with his issues. So he takes that pain, and that bitterness, and firmly locks them in a cupboard. He forces himself not to think about the hug, gaping hole of where a third person should be celebrating.
“I’m—” he takes a deep breath, squares his shoulders the way they told him to in training, and meets Tony’s eyes. Then falters.
Peter makes an inquiring noise but doesn’t pull away.
“Well, what are you waiting for?” Harley said with a pointed look. “Baby Bart wants you!”
“that doesn’t excuse the mistakes I made, Tony. All the ways I hurt her, and the team, and you.”
Nebula.
“Of course I fucking know you, Danvers,” Tony can’t help the small smile that comes out.
“It’s still Dora, she was like four, how was I supposed to know she’d notice?!”
“Steve,
Tony, on the other side of the glass, slowly falls to his knees. He hits the ground with a whack! Of bone on linoleum and bows his head. He grabs hold of his head and holds tight. Those same gasping noises hitching out of his throat. On his side, Steve does the same. Both hands on the glass as he struggles to take an even breath and his insides churn with guilt.
. And you know what, it wasn’t with Ultron. Thor told you all that I was right, and if I had never tried then Viz wouldn’t be here with us, so fuck you.
Ross, as always, is sitting in a place of prominence. Where he can direct and control the way that the meetings, and by extension the faith of Tony’s friends, go. Tony’s hand goes to his pocket, where it curls around his phone, and he gives a predatory grin to the General. Underhanded and dirty has never been his style, he had always preferred to go for the direct approach, but he’s learned in the past few months since Ross came to him with the Accords. He can swim as well as any of the sharks now, and if there is anything that his father and godfather hand taught him, it was to be the best at everything you learned.
So Tony woke up. Tony got his chest patched up. Tony got a cast on his arm and a brace on his ankle and wrist and a hell of a lot bandages and butterfly band-aids. Tony got the card to a therapist that he let fly out his window on his way to the airport. Tony got a new job with the Security Council, and another one with the Accords board, and yet another as a consultant for the defense team for the Rogue Avengers, and he was still building, and creating and designing.
life when did this become my life? Colonel Rhodes, you’re seeing him too, right?!” Tony can discern the voice even before he hits the kitchen. The kid rambles almost as much as he used to when he was that age, and it immediately puts a smile on Tony’s face. Rhodey and his dastardly plans that always seem to work. The man knows Tony won’t stick around long unless there is a reason for him to do so.
apparently refused to do just that. When Peter opens his mouth to start talking, all Tony can get out is a weak “Stop”
He can’t even muster the energy to pretend offense that, like Sam, that seems to be the first image of him when it comes to interacting with Tony.
Worse of all, in the middle of his bed on top of the cheap fitted sheets he bought from Costco because they felt more familiar, there was his shield.
“No,” the other man says with a last chuckle. “The pardons, the Accords, everything.”
Tony had loved him, fiercely, and now he had to mourn his loss.
,” he spits out. “But oh, did I know what it meant. Jarvis just looked at me and said ‘you know the drill, young man,’ he only called me that when he wasn’t too happy with me. So,” he shakes his head again and pretends the moisture in the corner of his eyes isn’t there. “I got to know what soap tastes like real quick.”
“Stop,” Tony forces out. They can’t keep going around in circles. It’s as though they’re just reopening the wounds to watch them bleed, but not changing anything in the process. Tony can’t stand to hear any more empty platitudes. He can’t stomach being reminded of Pepper and Ty and everyone else whom he has let down. He needs this to be different. “Steve, just stop. I don’t care about your apologies. They mean squat to me if you—I—if
“You’re moving on, though, babbo. I want to do the same. I want to—I want to be okay, for you, for the squirt—I just don’t want—”
“Daddy come play!” Cassie said as she caught sight of her father and a mischievous glint came into her eyes. The other man’s eyes went wide.
He’s so caught up in trying to control his breathing that he doesn’t feel the comfortable weight around his shoulders as soon as he probably should have. Needless to say, however, that he almost gives out his location with a shriek when he realizes that he’s not as alone as he thought he was. There’s something soft and warm that he can feel even through the armor, and when he turns around all he can see is crimson. For a second, and sue him he’s in an alien spaceship shaped like a donut with a squid evil pilot and a wizard he’s allowed to feel out of it, he think he’s passed out. He had hyperventilated a little too hard and now he’s made himself go unconscious.
“Christ, you are delusional,” Stark chuckles, an incredulous expression on his face. “Is that what you think this was? Me throwing a hissy fit over some enhanced with unpredictable powers? What I did, I did for her and everyone else like her. What I did was to protect her, despite the fact that she fucked me over so bad I still wake up in a panic almost every night
“Okay, good, you got him. Now, put it down,” Tony rolls his eyes and places his hands on his waist. Steve has to bite his tongue to keep from commenting on the pose. Tony catches his eyes and glares regardless so he guesses that he’s not quite successful. “Har, eyes up here,” the genius says with a snap of his fingers. Steve recognizes the fond-pretending-to-be-insufferable tone from the time he’d spent around the genius and the bots. “How did you get here? Don’t you have a project or something to be working on?” Steve also recognizes the pretending-to-not-have-kept-tabs tone. Apparently, so does the boy because he merely rolls his eyes and slings his potato thing over his shoulder like some type of western hero.
He’s just finishing feeding Nate his fruit, and the girls had eaten whatever Wanda had made for them and were chatting amongst themselves, when Laura, Natasha and the king walk into the kitchen. Steve perks up at their entrance when Laura lets the girls know they’re needed in the living room and makes a beeline for him. He hands the baby over when she extends her arms, and she gives him a look. Laura had been mostly friendly to him, apart from that first day back when Clint had been a dick, but they’re not really close enough for him to know
“Wanda is a kid, Cooper. She might be older than you, but compared to guys like your dad and me, she is still so young. And after what she’s gone through, she needed someone to protect her. To mentor her and love her like nobody had really loved her since her parents died. She lost her brother in the fight in Sokovia,” Cooper inhales sharply and Tony realizes that this is something Barton has never shared. He feels like he’s overstepping, but he’s already told him the truth. He reminds himself to mind his mouth from that point on. “Pietro… he was her everything, you know? She would have done anything to protect that idiot,” Tony chuckles lowly at the memory of that silver blur. “And then I came along, and made this…
“if anyone’s a hobbit here it’s you, old man,” Harley says with a sass only rivaled by the two men present, Clint Barton, and a cryogenically asleep super soldier. “What with the hairy feet and shortness.”
And it’s all it takes for Tony to break down. To cry like he did that day, alone in the snow with a jagged wound on his chest. But it’s better, too, because Tony isn’t alone. Tony has his kid, and that’s all that’s enough. Peter is more than enough.
“I’ve spoken to her,” Phil says quickly. There’s a grunt, and then the familiar sound of his taser. Tasha smiles. It’s nice to know that some things never seem to change. “She seems to be under the impression that she’s helping. Giving him some time to cool off.”
failings. I won’t let them.” The words felt like ash in his mouth and Steve knew that he was lying. They felt exactly like telling Tony
When he reached his room, Bucky silently shouldered his bag and closed the door firmly behind him. Steve stared at the dark wooden barrier between himself and his best friend and closed his eyes. He took a moment to center himself before continuing to his. His hand, he noticed, was shaking when he reached out to grab the knob. It was the only one that had a knob, and a key hanging from it, and he had to swallow the sudden lump in his throat.
So that’s what leads them here, on a cold late-November night in front of Tony’s apartment right before Christmas break. They had made plans, months ago, to spend the break together at Tony’s Manhattan condo as a trial run for… well, it’s all moot now.
Still, he stays in his seat as they file out of the room. Natasha stands shoulder to shoulder with the king. Vision maintains his position standing to the side of the chair Wanda is occupying, one hand on its back rest, and looks solemnly at the others. He seems tense, though, as much as he always is. And Natasha’s face is set in grim determination, the way it is before a mission, and Steve feels dread coiling in his stomach. Clearly, this wasn’t just a friendly gathering for lunch.
“How can you be so sure?”
The mirage Steve says.
“But you’re not ‘cause you’re coming with us,” Cooper says mischievously. A giggle on his other side lets him know that Lila has now joined them. Tony rolls his eyes at her, and she gives him a big smile.
“Babbo?” the word barely makes it through the static that seems to be permeating his com link. Tony leans back against the wall of the
“Right,” Tony says quietly. He gives one last apprehensive glance at Wanda’s fingers, and accepts a squeeze from Tasha before he makes his way to the exit. “I told you,” he can’t help but tell T’Challa as he leaves. The king gives him a resigned look.
“Excuse me?” Banner says politely, his hands clenching on the tablet.
Steve feels unease trickle into his stomach just watching them. They’re clearly worried about their wayward genius, and he’s probably about to be yelled that. Scratch that, he’s pretty sure Peter might call out the suit so he can beat his ass, but he has to do it. Tony has been hiding away for days, and clearly giving him space wasn’t their best course of action. He could be hurt, if not physically then at least emotionally, and God knows what state of mind he’s on. He could be such an easy target out there, alone, in
All that was left was this, what he feels now. the dark and cold. Having been made used to it two years ago isn’t helping him at all. He still feels it, deep in his bones, the cold. The loneliness. He feels as though being surrounded by family should feel different. This isn’t it.
I had a pretty good first day of uni so y'all get a present too! LOL
(See the end of the chapter for
for me no matter what, and I—I didn’t mind, I guess. Any—anything you all gave me, I figured it was enough, but,” Tony chuckled quietly. He felt like laughing, really, as the realization made itself a home in his heart.
he chokes out again and again.
do it. An overwhelming part of himself feels like it’s his
I feels-vomited all over this fic. So sorry.
“I sense a story there,” Peter says in a clear way to roundabout ask to be included on the joke.
” Peter jabs a finger at the Captain and any trace of hero worship is gone, “did to him then you’re nuts!”
, and was put out of commission for a while. I was handling another problem when the Accords were proposed or I would have been here to try to aid you all. I’m sorry about that,” Steve turned to look at him, but found that Phil wasn’t looking at him at all, but rather at Tony. Something squeezed in his chest when he saw his genius nod back solemnly. But I am here now, and I have been made aware of the situation. It wouldn’t be the first time I’ve had to deal with damage control of this kind, and I figured you needed all the help you could get, Ms. Maximoff.”
But before Steve can finish the thought, there is a shrill ring that seems to echo in their confined space. His eyes widen as he pulls it out of his pocket, hands trembling, and gingerly holds it in his hands. He suddenly feels like it’s 1936 again and he’s trying to run away from a pack of boys who’d taken an issue to his mouth. He feels as though the air isn’t making the whole trip it should be taking into his lungs.
“Yes, co-cap, yes!” Ned says, and Tony feels Peter’s whole frame go stiff under his hand. Ned, on the other end of the line, mutters a quiet “oh shit!” before he starts in on the apologies. Tony cuts him off quickly, muttering something about calling later, as he hangs up the call with shaking fingers.
to be Captain America. Sometimes, on his worst days, he smiles at the jokes and feels his stomach turn at how plastic and tight it feels on his face. He doesn’t refute the comments, but oh, are they wrong about them. The truth is that Steve’s penchant for being awake so early wasn’t because of the serum. It had more to do with the mornings when his chest felt tight and on fire as another bout of cold hit his skinny, sickly frame. It was due to another fever that woke him up too early. He’d liked being awake early when he was a kid and his Ma was sleeping off another double shift on the cot next to him. He’d lay there and look at her, play with her hair and massage her bony shoulders. Sometimes, if he was lucky and his Ma or Buck had the time, he’d get the treat of having a good book to read or a new sketchbook and pencils to crack into.
, Rhodes doesn’t say. The implication isn’t lost on either one of them, regardless. “But he started cutting back, he started taking his classes seriously, and… well,
. And he wants to listen, dear God does he want to, but his heart. his battered, stupid, treacherous heart won’t let him. Steve looks so fucking sincere. Looks just as broken and tired and
“My fault,” Tony croaks out. His eyes have that glassy unfocused look that Steve remembers from his panic attacks. He wonders if this is the same look Tony got in that bunker in Siberia when they met the Maximoff twins, he wonders if anyone would have noticed or if anyone would have cared. He has to bite his cheek to not curse at the unfairness of it all. “All those people died because of me. Because of my fear. I killed them, Steve, don’t you see? I killed them, and if there had been any way for anyone to shut me down before I made Ultron, everyone would have been fine. Tasha, Bruce… Charlie would still be alive if I hadn’t—“
is the one that betrayed you in that bunker.”
“Hi, Danielle,” he responds softly.
. I kept secrets from,” Tony screwed up his face as the pain flared in his chest. “Shh, shh, listen. I kept things from you and I was
He notices the hair, first, peeking over the step that leads from the hallway into the war room. It’s not as curly as Peter’s no, but it’s almost the exact shade of brown. There’s her little, tiny forehead too. Not as pale as Peter and Steve’s but still not the same olive as Tony’s. Her big, brown eyes, though. God. Those are almost identical; not in color, no, but they’re just as big and the lashes just as dark and curled the way Tony’s are. She raises her head a little more, a chubby little fist going up to his mouth as their eyes meet. She can’t be more than 10 months, but her eyes are bright with understanding. She tilts her head, and then she’s scrambling over the step.
Lang doesn’t say anything, and Clint doesn’t seem willing to let Lila go so Tony pats Cooper’s head and ushers him out in the direction of the exit. “Buh-bye, buh-bye,” Nate is singing now while opening and closing his little fist. Tony chuckles at the kid’s antics as he goes.
Also, I've noticed a lot of comments from you guys (I'm trying to respond as best I can but yeah, still depressed and still shitty work so it's slow coming,) apologizing for not having English as your first language, and guys... my dudes, lights of my life, English is not my first language either LOL so don't you worry. I read, re-read, 10000000x read, love, and appreciate every single one of your comments. Thank you for your invaluable support.
,” the man all but begs. Tony can’t tear his eyes away, though he feels numb. “I was wrong. I may not have lied, but I wasn’t truthful either. I should have told you. I am—I was your friend, and I kept something so important for you. I can’t—I should have—I’m
” Tony’s hologram says. The soldier jerks in his seat, his head snapping up to look at him. The rest of the room goes silent, and they fade from his periphery. He only has eyes for him.
He braced himself against the wall, and turned on his heel. He didn’t exactly feel like company at the moment, so he popped into his room to change into his workout gear quickly, then made his way to the gym in the communal floor. The lights were already on, and there was a punching bag on its hook when he got there, and he thanked FRIDAY. He ignored the almost sigh she gave him in reply.
. But don’t you ever,
“He’s not my friend.”Clint says at the same time Tony bites out a contemptuous “You’re not my fucking friend.”
“Actually, he might not be anymore,” Rhodes says quietly. The entire room falls silent with a heavy kind of tension. Steve’s mind stutters to a stop.
“Well, someone has to tell the captain how to get his head out of his ass,” Phil bites off on the other end. There’s another thud, and a gentle female cheer. Tasha is surprised at the vehemence of his tone. If anything, Phil has always been a Cap fan. It’s nice to know that it is not blind to the man’s faults; not to mention the fact that the agent has always had a soft spot for their resident genius.
And when the weight of how much
There was a band playing the theme song from Hey Arnold and free food today! Also, my fiction writing professor looks like Kurt Vonnegut (!!!!!!!!!) and he was like "Have you all read 1984 recently? WE thought that was bad, huh? This shit is scary."
“You’d have to forgive us, your majesty, but we didn’t exactly part as friends,” Sam tells the king. He’s still got an arm around the archer, but he doesn’t seem to be making much effort to restrain him. Tony guesses it was more so that he wouldn’t arrest Barton for assault or whatever.
I have no excuse but I swear to you—“
That’s how they stay. Both on their knees; broken, alone and afraid.
“Couldn’t even make it fifteen minutes, huh?” she says when they pull away. Peter laughs from where he’s sitting between Cooper and an amused Harley.
Steve thinks as he remembers the pain and betrayal he’d seen the last time they were face to face. And there is another Steve Rogers. This one in a darker uniform than Steve remembers, and an expression on his face he doesn’t recognize. It’s not—it’s not serious; it’s worse. It’s uncaring.
The rest of the meal went without a hitch.
“Mr. Dad?” Peter interrupts quietly. Tony’s mouth snaps shut. “You don’t have to explains. Sometimes—sometimes things just click.”
Tony flexes his fingers at his side, wonders for a second if he’s doing the right thing, but then meets the kids’ stress behind Barton. Sees Lila holding tightly to Cassie’s hand on one side and Ginny, partially hidden behind her, on the other. Sees Peter stand behind Harley and Cooper, a hand on one of their shoulders. Listens to Bart-Bot’s even, content breathing behind him and knows he owes it to
There is a long beat of stunned silence in the room as the words settle between them. He hears Sam’s sharp intake of breath. Hears the couch creak as Bucky leans back onto it like his strings had been cut all at once.
“Now!” Rogers almost barked when the other man didn’t. He sent an apologetic look at Cooper when he noticed him flinch. “Tony, please, join us for dinner. Everyone will be civil.” He cast a meaningful look across him to where Wanda was sitting.
Alas, he knows this is the only way. The threat won’t go away just because Tony is on Earth. He knows that, he’s
“FRIDAY,” he says and he can’t keep the fervor from his voice. “It’s good to hear your voice.”
But he knows that Tony isn’t okay. They don’t have sex until their fourth month of trying, and though Steve has never lent any credence to the gossips about promniscuity, he remembers how good they were together. He remembers Tony’s body, the ways it reacted to his touch, and he can’t help but miss him. He doesn’t want to push him, and he doesn’t think he has a right to ask, so he lets Tony set the pace. Gives him his time and hopes Tony isn’t regretting them.
When they pull away, Tony’s eyes are red rimmed but he hasn’t cried yet. Steve grabs hold of his hand again, and runs a soothing thumb over the back of it. Tony looks down at the movement for a second before he takes another fortifying breath. “And then when that was all over, I didn’t say anything when you decided to bring her back. I saw the way you protected her, so I just—I didn’t say anything, but let’s just say that there was more than one reason I went back to Manhattan with Pepper,” he’s avoiding Steve’s eyes as though he’s ashamed.
“Torture,” Tony says pathetically and lets his head fall  onto his desk. “She’d torture and then dismember me.”
“We’ll get some with Tony later!” Peter hollers back from the hall.
“Yes, Tony. I’m absolutely, one hundred percent sure. They just confirmed with me yesterday. We’ll set up an appointment, yes?”
Tony had been doing it alone for the past few months, after all. It was about time one of them began to repay in kind.
Then he rushes out of the office, cell phone in hand to ask a very important question on his way to the garage:
“Tony,” Steve says from behind him before he can walk away. He turns, and the soldier looks both solemn and concerned. “You don’t have to. You don’t’ owe us anything,” his eyes go over his shoulder and glares at the man behind Tony
,” he spits the word out like a curse. “I thought I needed to finish the program as quickly as I could, and damn the rest.”
“Yeah, we can try,” Tony says softly. Steve gives him a small smile, tiny and broken and infinitely filled with pain, but an attempt nonetheless. “Now, could you—could you go tell Rhodes that I’ll be awhile? He can take you back to the compound.”
“Is that why?” Tony says, and there’s a bite to the words but it’s not as harsh as it usually is nowadays. The soldier braces himself for what is to follow. It’s his due, anyway, he dug this grave all on his own. “Because you didn’t know her? Is that why it was so easy for you to… to lie? You didn’t know her?” Steve opens his mouth to answer though the panic in his mind doesn’t let him think of any coherent response, but Tony continues with a harsh, bitter laugh. “What am I even talking about? Even if you’d known her there’s no guarantee you would have
Steve covers Tony’s babbling mouth with a shaking hand. The other man is working himself into knots, something that Steve has never seen him do despite the fact that he has been witness to Tony’s panic attacks. His hands have dropped from his contact with Steve and he’s clawing at his forearms with increasing intensity, he’s close to hyperventilating and the manic way his eyes are darting around them makes Steve feel incredibly unsettled.
“Yeah, you just get your cuddles, Tones. Just—just rest. We’ll talk after.”
“Hmm,” she said with a raised eyebrow. “So you have no idea why my children and Cassie came yelling ‘to the general!’ into the kitchen?” Tony burst out laughing before he could help it, and she shook her head at him though she looked fond more than anything.
Sam: Steve. It’s important.
Tony recites quietly.
. What do you mean why?”
“Thought you weren’t that kind of doctor,” Steve says with a half smile.
“Ana?” Steve prompts, there’s a grin on his face and his eyes are soft, and bright blue.
Tony shrugs and tears his eyes away. He doesn’t think he can force the words out. He doesn’t think he can tell Steve that he wasn’t sure how he would react. How he thought maybe he’d think he was mocking him or trying to hurt him by bringing up this secret connection they had. He doesn’t dare to say that, after the effort and all the money he gave to acquire Roosevelt’s pens, he’d felt that any effort at connecting with him would have just hurt them both. He’s not enough of an asshole to say the words and see the pain they’ll cause the other man.
There is forced conversation after that; clearly it is all for his benefit. Rhodey asks Peter about his and his biology club. Peter, in turn, asks about how the exoskeleton Tony build has been working out for him. The air tenses at that, and Tony can sense without looking that this is something Steve is actually interested in. From what he’s heard from Rhodey, Sam has been unable to face him up until now, and the vindictive part of Tony is sadistically happy at that. Though the sane part, the one that is thankfully been in control since that day in Siberia,
“Yeah,” the pilot says with an easy grin and musses Baby Bart’s hair. “Though I think you’re over estimating them. Redwing causes more trouble.”
“Unc’a ‘Ony da bestest!” the boy said and patted at his chest affectionately.
He gets out of bed, nudity be damned, and rounds the corner of it to sit next to his lover. Tony doesn’t flinch away, thank God, but his sniffling turns to sobbing and he curls tighter into himself. Steve’s eyes sting as he looks at him, his heart constricting, but he doesn’t let himself cry. Tony needs him to be strong right now and Steve would do anything for him.
to apologize for. I’m the one that hurt you. I’m the one that made you think that I could ever—I wouldn’t, Tony, I wouldn’t do that again. I was just—I know, okay, I
“I don’t know that I would have done things differently,” Steve says after a long stretch of silence. It feels stupid and inadequate and endlessly cruel, but… he’d thought telling the truth to his friend was cruel, too, and look at where they were now. He’d taken so much from Tony, his trust and openness, the team, hell, maybe even his sanity… the least he could do is give him his honesty. Blood shot eyes, full of surprised hurt, turn to him. Steve swallows and trains his eyes on Maria’s name. “I’m too stubborn, too pigheaded sometimes, to see beyond what I think is right. It used to be good, that tenacity, or at least that’s what I wanted to believe, but now, after… I thought I was doing the right thing, protecting Bucky like he used to protect me when I was smaller. He was vulnerable, his mind cracked open and everything in shambles. I’ve felt like that before, well maybe not exactly like that, but I understood what it was like to wake up somewhere I couldn’t recognize and feel like I didn’t even know which way was up, so finding out what had been done to him and what would have happened to him—“
“I think it’s bullshit,” Rhodey says, and Tony can hear the barely controlled fury in his tone. A corner of his mouth ticks up at the surge of protectiveness from his brother. Though it’s tinge with guilt and bitterness as a hand goes down and fists at the Colonel’s thigh.
“I think you need to rest,” the blond says and Tony exhales. It feels too much like relief. The Captain’s tone isn’t its sharp bite, no command in it, but more like a suggestion. It’s nice, the mechanic thinks, because now he can hear the undercurrent of concern in his voice. “Plus, I don’t think Rhodes will be very amenable to me hitching a ride with him,” he gives Tony a wry smile.
There’s nothing for him to fix here.
“But you don’t choke me. You don’t spank me until I’m purple —”
He thinks of Tony, and if he’s somehow doing what the rest of the world seems to insist on: living this new life post-Snap. If any man could do it, it would be Tony.
“No, no, god, you can’t leave things alone, can’t you,” Tony’s voice raises an octave higher, and he’s sitting up, forward, all the forced casualness from earlier slipping between them as the words come out: “You don’t get it. They’re mine. Us. Back home. We’ve made a life for ourselves. After everything. Without you. Without you. You hear that? Without you. I’m not saying this to hurt you. I’m really not, but remember that you left. You. You weren’t there. It was —”
They did have that. There was just a time limit.
“Only if Tony built a time machine.” Steve stared at the Iron Man suits encased throughout the workshop's walls.
Do you prefer longer or shorter chapters? I have some that are 9-15k long and I'm trying to decide if I should divide them in half. Let me know what you think!
“Do you want breakfast?”
When he returns to the hotel room, Tony’s stepping half way in from the balcony, leaving the door slightly open. He glances at Steve, something uneasy on his face that is quickly replaced by neutral expression.
He was awake now, learning to live with the understanding that grief made people do awful things.
“Come eat,” Steve says, setting the soup to a tray and bringing it to Tony. He pauses. “What’s wrong?”
—faster, Ru, come on—faster, please,
“STARK!” Natasha strides beside him, firing bullets at the Skrulls, but they’re warriors, well trained. Bullets seem like child play.
I love you, more.
The doors opened, and Tony stepped forward.
And along with it, Tony’s health.
The last time he was here, he was doing a study of still life. There’s a vase with flowers, and five years later, they should have withered. There’s no magic to it.
“Nah uh. The only work you’ll be assigned is figuring your shit out, solider.”
“God—uh—fuck.” Tony twists, half his body turning to Rumiko. Steve’s never heard him like this before. He’s only ever imagined it in his weakest moments, when he lies in bed at night and jerks off to his fantasies of Tony.
Steve sighed and let Tony continue. He felt for the note in his jacket pocket, reading through the thoughtless musings. He pulled a pen from his briefcase and wrote two words: Tony Stark.
Tony waited. He took the television set apart, again and again. He strode across the room and read the week old paper with crusty eyes.
Steve,
“I do, and I love you.”
“You wanna get out of here? You seem uncomfortable,” Tony throws a hand at him, then the rest of the room.
Sometimes love was easy. Sometimes it was all about heartache.
All in all, Steve lived a pretty quiet life despite the public scrutiny as Captain America. No one paid Steve Rogers any mind if he was out of the suit and cowl. He sort of learned how to avoid the press after missions and found an acceptable time he had to stay at SHIELD functions before he could leave.
He tried to smile in the mornings over breakfast. He’d sipped his coffee and asked them about their plans for the day, but their eyes all drifted to the empty chair on the breakfast table.
“I’m not angry,” Tony replies, shortly. His sunglasses are still on, and Steve wishes he could see his eyes even if they’re flashing or narrowed. He smirks, and it’s a barely there movement.
The kids all looked up at him feeling guilty.
“Of course not, Steve.”
“It’s a gem from Hala,” Carol explained, putting the necklace on Morgan.
Nomad is what he goes by now, and perhaps Natasha is right, he’s gotten too good at running away. Survival might just be an excuse.
Tony glares and rubs his hair. “Ok, sir. I thought you said these gray streaks make me look distinguished.”
The sun is climbing high. The bedside clock flashes a few minutes after eight. Outside is a picturesque small town: vintage-looking shops with paint peeling on the corner posts. An antique looking mailbox sits near a bright fire hydrant. The exposed brick walls across the street have ivy weaving over the terrace across the street.
Steve is a leader and this country’s moral compass. He stands with his back straight and he listens attentively. Everyone trusts him. It’s Captain America, for fucks sake.
“I exist just to please you, do I?”
The night is long, and there’s always time for whipping.
“And I’m not done with you yet.”
“You should sleep more,” Steve laughed, shaking the bed with the force of it. “But yes, darling, I can blow you.”
Tony's breath caught, and his heart, the rotten thing, fell into shambles. He unlaced their fingers and pushed Steve's hair back, finally giving into the desire. His fingers followed the line from Steve's head, down to his cheeks, wiping at the wetness there.
“Who are you to decide that? I love you, I do,” Steve promised.
While Steve was oscillating from nervousness and wanting to jump out of a building because he was so fucking happy, Tony was inconsolable. He wanted the entire brownstone baby-proofed. This wasn’t a difficult task considering they had the bots put guards on the windows and the kitchen area. They were probably overreacting, but it was so much fun teasing each other into making sure they both closed all the cabinets. Tony finally took his loafers from the entryway and put his shoes in the closet.
“Why?” Steve turned to him, stepping closer. He wanted to put his hand on Tony’s shoulder, so he did. “It’s true. You’re a good man.”
But then again, Steve lost the right to refer to him as the latter.
“Alright. I won’t start.” Natasha offers her palm and Steve places the cigarette butt there. “See you soon.”
He had a black eye but he couldn't remember how he got it. Maybe it was when he stumbled out of bed, fell and hit the side of the table. Or when he slammed his face down the toilet bowl to vomit. He had trouble sorting out the dates. Day and night bled onto each other without remorse for his sanity.
“And what if I am?”
It was a small ruby stone, the size of a penny.
“Didn’t have to. It’s all over your face.”
“What did he say?” Peter hugged his waist.
Please let him have it. It wasn’t Tony. But it
“Just watching out for me, yeah, yeah, I know how it goes with you, Steve.”
Steve,
Tony laughs, and it hurts to hear him sound so content with his life. Steve is happy for him. Really, he is, but it seems like the rest of the world has moved on except him. The jealousy in his chest aches and it takes awhile to soothe it down. He wishes he was a better man.
Steve smiles, proud of how Tony’s gotten to this point. There were times back when they all lived in the Tower where Tony would go for days just drinking smoothies and eating trail mix.
“Honey,” Tony says the endearment, a thousand different memories of them exchanging the word somehow relieves the tightness in his chest. They have that, still. But the word comes out jagged, wrong, without the same affection. All that’s here is the desperation to hold on, make it right.
Steve and their kids.
They smiled more with Tony.
He can see the man-made lake by the main building. There’s a set of swans, moving to the flow of the water, a perfect picture of calmness.
Peter isn’t there.
“Do you want to leave?” It hurts to say the words out loud. “I could turn back, I could—“ he scrubs a hand through his hair. “It’d be another couple of hours.” And Steve knows that at any time, Tony can tap the arc reactor on his chest and leave him here, in the middle of nowhere, with no other company but the howl of the coyotes in the distance. Tony could fly back to the Compound.
He nods, understanding why she stayed, why she’s here, hurting but determined to stand her ground, rebuild the shattered parts of her, even if the process is gruesome. Steve wishes he could be a little more like her. But Steve is Steve, and sometimes it's easier when you refuse to stare at yourself in the mirror and question how you can get better, whether that’s even possible.
His feet take him to his old office. He pauses on the entrance for a brief moment, then turns the knob to the left, and pushes the door open.
“Is that what you want?” Steve waits patiently. He runs a finger through Tony’s bare shoulder, softly scratching at the space where his flesh and prosthetic meet. He’s a man whose body is filled with scar tissue. Steves has the time to explore Tony’s body now.
I wish I didn’t.
He wonders when he started crafting them, brick by brick.
“Oh, not this again,” Tony sighs, feeling the beginnings of another headache. “We’ve sent Banner to Dr. Strange’s abode. Tell me there’s not another crisis. If so, do me the honors of assuring me that it’s simply a robber or some misguided vagabond.”
“Miss Barnes, I swear on my father that Dr. Reed Richards sent me for you. I’m off to alert Dr. Strange as well.” With that, he runs off towards the Savage Mountains, gone in an instant.
Tuesday was the blackest day of his life and its darkness bled through all the days that followed.
“Goddamn it, Tony,” Steve twists the strands of his hair, pushing it back, then pulling again, like he can’t decide. He’s always been a determined man, pragmatic at best. He’s always made decisions easier than Tony ever has, and now, Steve’s decided on a brutal thrust, and Tony lets him, chokes on his dick, allows Steve’s heavy breathes to wash over him. Steve’s cock hitting the back of his throat, balls slamming on his chin. “Why, Tony, why do you have to—why, just. Fuck,” Steve keeps repeating, both hands on Tony’s neck, dragging Tony’s face to his cock.
Tony wonders how he got here, to this moment where Steve wears a fond expression but the heaviness of his hands around Tony’s neck means something else.
“You’re the one who decided you couldn’t wait.” Steve drops a kiss over Tony’s head and pulls him closer. Tony sets down the glass and rearranges himself so he’s in front of Steve, his back pressed to Steve’s chest. Most days, they find themselves in this position, standing on the veranda, watching the sunrise, or sitting by the docks, watching the sun dip into the horizon.  Steve tightens his arms, happy.
Tony shrugged. “I deserved it.”
“Nothing ever is,” he says. “I wish it was.”
“I wasn’t ready to see you back in Asgard,” Steve said. “I didn’t react well. I’m sorry.”
Steve looked down at his left hand. The multicolored Christmas lights flicker on the vibranium ring. He cleared his throat, nodding over at Bucky and Natasha sitting on the loveseat across from him.
Then, his eyes go wide, realizing the veracity of the scene. There’s blood on his hands, but he barely pay it any mind. He drops to his knees and tilts to wipe away the blood on my face.
“Can’t blame a man for wanting to get fucked as the sun goes down, Stark,” Bucky deadpans. “We just wanted to see what all the fuss about outdoor sex.”
Steve pushed from his heels and jogged over to Tony. “I smell like I’ve been in the sun for the last three hours while my husband was running around town doing whatever it is he does.”
Steve climbed in, no care for getting his clothes wet. He pulled Tony into his arms, embracing him as if the single act could erase their sins, rewrite their mistakes.
Sometimes, the serum could be good. Steve remembers everything: from the way his shield clattered on the cement at the bunker, to the hits he took from aliens to his own team; all of this is seared into his brain. Sometimes, it isn’t quiet.
Steve sat up, fluffing the pillows before bringing Tony to straddle his lap. He stared up at Tony, pleased and humbled for how their lives have unfolded. “It’s not crazy. It’s—”
“Everything ok?” Steve hedges closer. His hair sticks to his face. Sweat drips from the nape of his neck.
Across the way sat Peter and Harley who didn’t look like Steve either. They didn’t share the same blood, but that didn’t matter. Genetics were nothing; he and Tony believed everything came down to nurturing—showing his kids that they were loved, reminding them they were cherished, even if sometimes Steve forgot the words, too consumed by his grief.
You are
“Merry Christmas, Tony,” Steve whispered, closing his eyes and tucking his head further into the pillows.
You asked me a question at the end of it. You know. You, in a cell, screaming out a question I couldn’t answer at that moment. I couldn’t take off the helmet because you’ve always read me too well. You’d try something. You’d see me. Couldn’t have that. Sometimes I hate that you can do that. Read me is as easy as you throw the shield. But if that’s true, why couldn’t you understand. You know me. I know you. Half my adult life, Steve. That has to mean something. Right. I thought. Well.
“I’ll make you another one,” Tony smiles. “If that’s what you want, baby. I’ll do it.”
Steve lifts him up with ease. He doesn't even have enough energy to walk, much less fight off the hands that wrap around his waist. Tony is arranged on Steve's lap like a child's putrid rag-doll.
“And Riri Williams, too. Funny, how she calls herself Ironheart. There’s your legacy, Tony Stark.” The man who wear’s Steve’s face smiles, a vicious thing. He looks so much like Steve, he even smells like him. Every sorry day Tony wakes up, he has to remind himself that this isn’t Steve.
alive, whole and maybe, Tony’s.
kid with a gun. wants to be great. shot me in the neck. heh.
“I’ll handle it,” Steve shook his head and walked away with determination he didn’t feel.
“You think I’m gonna let you do all this superhero stuff yourself? Punk. So that’s your guy, huh?” Bucky shoved a knife back to its leather sheath.
He smiles at Tony during dinner and laughs at all the correct beats, doing his best imitation of acting like a normal, adjusted man. He engages Bruce in a short conversation about plants and ignores Riri and Kate’s raised eyebrows.
“You heard the lady,” Sam says beside him.
Carol sighed. “What we’re saying is you don’t have to do everything yourself. You don’t just have to manage, you could—”
Steve groaned, twisting his head to kiss Tony’s forehead. With renewed effort, he pumped Tony’s dick in a quick pace, taking his large hands to jerk him from the root of his shaft to his cockhead.
During lunch, all of Steve’s focus is devoted to keeping his hands still. He’s never been jittery. Not really. This might be a new development around Tony Stark.
It could be like this, Tony thinks. But it won’t be. Tomorrow, they’ll wake up, Steve will get dressed and go underground. Tony knows where they’ll both be and they’ll inevitably fall to punches instead of desperate kisses. The world is like that sometimes. They’re not the poetics of two star-crossed lovers, but they’re not lovers to begin with. Friends, once upon a time. Now, just two people seeking comfort in each other before they say goodbye.
“I still like it.” Steve walks up to him and sets a hand on Tony’s waist. He presses their foreheads together.
With his enhanced senses, he hears the sizzle on the industrial stoves inside the building, the banging of table tops as people settle into their seats, the scratch of an ink pen sketching the urban center at a distance.
He took his last along with Steve’s heart.
“I could be persuaded for another kiss,” Steve hauled Tony to his chest and rubbed his back. He was so warm, Steve sought him out the same way a sunflower followed the sun. “You know, you’re bound to wake up the minions.”
“We can try.” There’s no doubt that they’d both get pulled into missions and wouldn’t be able to resist.
Steve ducks into a restaurant down the street, eats the kimchi and orders some fried rice. Taking out his notebook, he sketches a photo of Tony Stark while waiting for his meal. He prepares for the evening, double checking his list of supplies.
its the best i can do.
“Detain them if at all possible,” Red Wolf commands, sprinting past Danvers. “Stark, get your coffin! Your suit!”
He wouldn’t be as well adjusted to all the violence that comes with being an Avenger without Tony by his side.
There are three words on the tip of Tony’s tongue but he doesn’t do Steve the disservice of uttering them. It’s not enough.
Steve continues the assault on his stomach, and Tony jerks, trying to even out his breaths and hold it in, but it's useless. Steve is rocking against his back, and he's arranging Tony's body, forcing Tony's legs shut. He grunts, slipping his cock between Tony's thighs, thrusting in and out at a slow pace. "Fuck. You feel how hard I am?"
Living with blood on his hands is his penance.
Tony is quiet, pensive even.
After Steve finishes, he steps out and examines his reflection. His beard has grown out again.
Harley shook on Steve’s side, wiping his face on Steve’s shirt. “No, pops, we don’t wanna go. Come on, please.”
He hates green. Blue is his favorite color.
“Tony,” he says, voice relieved. Like waking up Tony Stark isn’t a mistake, but a dream. Tony thinks Steve said something about dreams last night. “Good morning. How are you feeling?”
“Pops, you alright?” Peter asked, stepping away from where he and the armor sat side by side on one of the workshop tables. It looked like he was working on his web fluid project.
“Odd things have been happening, Stark. I tell you. First, Banner destroying the fields on the outskirts! Where I have family, too! Suddenly, we got Parker walking on brick walls, then, now this kid Tommy running faster than human possible? That’s just the things we’ve seen. There’s so much more we don’t know.”
Steve.
Some evenings, Tony lies in bed, eyes tracing the patterns of freckles on Steve’s back. Sometimes, Tony’s brave enough to trail his fingers on the constellations that can be found all along Steve’s shoulders and arms. Tony breathes, heart heavy with want.
There are no photographs on the walls, not even an empty mug. There’s no difference between this room and the motels and hostels he’s stayed in the last couple of months. The last few years, really. There’s just the queen bed and its white sheets with two flat pillows and a floor lamp. All that’s missing is the bible inside the side table.
It’s a familiar feeling: bile rising in his throat, the feeling of his tears about to fall. Steve forced himself to smile. He opened the door, placed the tray on the side table before helping Tony into bed. Steve padded over with the tray of food as the kids came running in.
Back inside, Tony rushes to his bed, grabs a set of clothes, then slams the door shut like a decision made final. Steve wishes he could pry the door open, pull Tony into his arms, make him understand that Steve is truly happy for him, only he doesn’t understand the way his heartstrings are kept taunt, ready to splinter.
“There’s blood on your pants,” Steve observed, voice empty.
He’s the face of America even when he couldn’t answer a journalist’s question without stumbling through his words and introducing each sentence with “Erm,” or “Um.” He had a script from a SHIELD PR employee memorized, but he struggled to spit the words out.
Steve wished he could be like that, too.
Tony settled into bed, sipped a glass of water and wished he could trade the bottle of Valium on the side table for an ounce of cocaine. Tony pulled the armor’s undersuit over himself and laid in the coffin of his own making.
Steve swallowed the lump in his throat and shoved the proffered dish down his throat.
for the love of all good things, alert us when the kids are on their way home.”
Tony made a disgruntled sound, sitting forward and settling his legs on the coffee table. “Well, I guess I was up anyway.”
“Hey.” Steve waved like an idiot.
The dim lamp light casts a shadow on his face, highlighting that sharp jaw and immaculate goatee.
Tony doesn’t know how long time passes. He used to keep count, back in the first few weeks.
“Old habit I guess.” Tony’s eyes dance across the room. Everywhere but Steve.
“You’re thinking too much, baby. Pay attention to me.”
“She’s like a hurricane,” Tony had laughed, full and filled with joy, so much so that Steve couldn’t help the heaviness blooming in his sternum. “Blows me away, you know? Like that one Neil Young song. She’s… She’s something, Steve. You’d like her.”
Moving his limbs is a difficult feat. He stares at his toes. He thinks they would be cold, but he can’t feel them anymore.
Tony nods. “She has no questions to answer for.”
“You’re human. Don’t think you’re not, Steve. You may have the serum, but you can die like the rest of us.”
Steve’s nostrils flare and there’s that lovely furrowed brows that twist at the challenge. With his large hands, he pushes Tony back to the bed. “You just wanna get fucked.”
“We should get you to medical first, Tony. Romanoff and Barton, too.”  Steve shook his head, heart bursting. Tony took everything to stride, even when he was hurt and upset. Even when he didn’t need to offer Bucky a hand and pull him up. Steve admired him. One day, maybe, he’ll be a man half as good as Tony Stark.
“Yeah, it’s fine, Tony.”
She placed it on Tony’s ear and giggled.
“Yeah.” Steve swallows and stares at the looming building. It used to be home. “How is he? Does he know I’m here.”
you. They see you’re barely holding it together.” Natasha walked over and perched on the couch’s arms, still nimble after years of being out of the field.
Tony had more clothes than him, hence, the extra large walk-in closet. The cupboards holding Tony’s shoes and briefcases are now empty. There was too much space. Too much empty space. Too much.
Now, the planes of Tony’s chest are hard, his shoulders broader. He’s a lot stronger, and even more devastatingly handsome. The whole world agrees with the statement, but very few have seen him like this: in sweat pants with a hole in his shirt, teeth stained with coffee.
“You don’t have to.”
Later, when they’re both naked and flushed together, breathes heavy with want, Steve grabs Tony by the waist and carefully presses him against the shower’s tiles. The sun is setting now, the cutting on the outdoor shower’s roof lets in the colors of the sky. It’s a haze of lavender and pale oranges. Tahoe in the summer is warm, but in the evenings, it cools down, and a slight breeze greets them.
Morgan shrugged with a frown. “It makes me feel safe, like dad’s watching me. Like he’s here.”
This is alright. He’s shared cots with men before. They’ve seen him skinny and naked before the serum. Hell, Tony’s likely caught a glimpse of Steve in the communal showers at the hangar when they all lived in each other’s pockets. It’s just soap.
They stayed there, silent but for Steve’s stifled cries. The kids were pained and soon enough, Morgan’s sobs echoed in the room. She moved the suit to grip her shoulders to a faux-hug. Steve’s heart broke again, centimeter by centimeter, all the blood gushing out of him. He wished there was actual blood dripping from his body because at least then, the pain of loss would be tangible.
His hair was still pristine. Steve couldn’t have that.
Veranke raises her head. She’s smiling with Jessica Drew’s face.
He doesn’t know what was happening outside these four walls. There’s no electrical wirings in his cell, no blankets in case he tries to hang himself again. Warmth is a privilege reserved for men with dignity.
Minutes tickle pass until the low static from the radio registers a local station.
“I sure do like the feel of your come dripping out of my hole throughout the day. You like that, don’t you, Steve?”
“Choices can be overwhelming.”
God, it’s been over a year since he’s felt Tony’s lips against his own.
The bruises will fade tomorrow, but the cuts on his thighs will remain for days until they scab over.
Steve intertwined their fingers and brought Tony’s knuckles to his lips. He kissed each one and twisted Tony’s ring with his thumb. “How are you feeling today?”
“We should stop lying to each other, then.” Tony sighs.
One step after the other, and then he's out of the lab, foregoing the elevator to climb the stairs three at a time. He jogs out the hall and into a side exit, the feel of the shield light in his arm. But his heart feels heavy, and then he's running out into the concrete then into the grass.
Steve sighs, makes a move to touch him. Explain maybe, and there are words coming out of his mouth. Tony cannot hear him. He cannot see this man wearing Steve’s face and looking at him like he’s hurt, as if Tony is at fault for not commending his actions.
Bruce leads them down a row of carrots and broccoli, then with a smile, he explains, "I promised Tony and the girls I'd make curry tonight."
Yours,
Even now, he can’t look away. He’s still breathless when those blue eyes land on him.
Not now, not when it's likely unwelcome. He waits for a few more minutes and watches Tony visibly organize his thoughts. His eyebrows quirk and he mouths something silently.
He needed to get their affairs in order. But he couldn’t leave his bed. He hasn’t taken a shower in days. He hasn’t even brushed his teeth or bothered to wash his face.
Steve walked away. He’d see it again tomorrow.
It was Asgard all over again. Tony’s mind had attempted to provide him context. Back then, it gave him the glimpses of life after he got Extremis, impressions of people's reactions to him. But his mind was catching up now. He sought Steve out in Asgard, placed a hand on his shoulder.
“There are things I want to say. Should say. I —“
“No.” But Steve steps forward anyway.
Tony turns to a closet behind his desk, rests his hand on the keypad, and pulls the knob to reveal the shield.
Morgan has a Spanish water dog in her arms, and while small, with enough training, the pup should be good to run around the property at a safe distance.
Steve couldn’t imagine the future without him. Another forty-one months, maybe Steve would live another forty-one years without him. It’ll be alright, he promised himself. Little by little, he’ll stitch himself together.
Now, when they fuck, Steve doesn’t spit on him or stop him from coming. There are no rules. Steve stares at him the entire time and his eyes are an awful blue that Tony wants gone.
Tony flattened his tongue and drew circles on Steve’s rim. “Hmm, you taste so good, Steve.” He pressed two thumbs on the edge of the hole, putting slight pressure before letting one dip inside. Tony licked a wet stripe in his asshole, once, twice, before pulling away.
Tony’s hips shuddered and he came with a loud groan. “Oh, Steve. I get to do this for the rest of our lives, baby.” He pulled off, opened Steve’s legs wide, and sucked his cock. Tony fingered his ass, fucking his come back inside.
“Well, why don’t you show me how grateful you are?” Tony smirked, rocking his hips against Steve’s as they kissed.
Tony found a park bench and they sat side by side, shoulder to shoulder, even though they had no reason to be so close to each other. Steve didn’t complain.
The Tower and Compound has changed, but it’s the people, the friends and family he’s claimed along the way, that made it more than just slabs of wood and concrete put together. That’s what made it special.
“God, you’re my dream.” Tony slides a hand through Steve’s hair and pulls him back to suck his dick. “God, Steve. Fuck.”
Steve’s confusion might be evident because Riri rolls her eyes and adds, “Not America the country. Miss America? America Chavez?”
“It’s 1am, Tony.” He pressed up for another kiss on the corner of Tony’s lips.
“I will,” Steve says, watching the way Tony rolls his shoulders back, once, twice, three times. He must be sore from a day of sitting in the car. “Are you not gonna eat just because Riri and Kate aren’t here?”
“Tony.”
“There wasn’t much use for moving it around. We got a lot of empty rooms these days.” Tony trails off, glancing back at the portrait of the original team roster. “Not staying, huh? Guess I might have to repurpose the room after all.”
It could have been hours or days. He remembered Carol linking their hands together and crying, and he remembered the look of shame that passed through her expression before he closed his eyes.
“Damn you.” Tony stuffs a wrench to his pocket, some bullets. “You’ll die otherwise.”
Tony could still track him down even without the phone. But he didn’t.
Steve trained me on what he likes: a tight fist on the base of his cock and small licks to his slit. Sometimes, he enjoys my teeth lightly scraping his shaft.
“I had a bad day,” Steve says, frowning, and until now, Tony wants the curve of his lips to be inverted into a smile.
“We’re a happy ending, alright? Even if I’m gone. You still get your happy ending. Finish it for us, okay? Live a good life, Steve Rogers. I’ve
“Yes, god, what I would do for coffee.” Tony leaned forward, putting his chin to hand.
Steve choked off as Tony dragged his hips back and stopped his thrusts. He pressed Steve to his back instead and loomed over. He was such a gorgeous man. In their years together, his temples have grayed and there were new lines on the edges of his eyes. But wow, what a life. What a world and blessing to grow old together. They had all the time in the world now.
“And I built it,” Steve quips back, leaning down to kiss Tony softly on the lips. Just as he’s about to pull away, Tony bites his lips, once, hard, then licks his mouth open, deepening the kiss.
Steve laughed, stepping up to walk beside Tony. Life was good. Steve belonged somewhere—to a team, maybe. One thing was certain: he and Tony were friends. They’d lead Avengers together.
Steve shakes his head with disappointment. But it’s not like finding Tony on the other side of their debate. Their little war.
Tony comes deep down Steve’s throat.
“Well, hell, according to Tony, Steve proposed over coffee,” Rhodes says.
Steve swallows around his dick, pulls off, and spits on Tony’s softening cock with a smirk. He drops to Tony’s side and pulls Tony to his chest. Like old times.
Tony has the white pill between his teeth and he’s grinning with his gums. So Steve does what he’s wanted to do for ages, he twists and presses their lips together. He feels Tony swallow the pill, dry, no liquid to wash it down, but it doesn’t matter because his mouth is opening and they are exchanging spit. Steve leans further in, chasing Tony’s lips and urging him to his back.
When he stepped out of the Compound hanger and nearly sobbed with relief. Home.
All heads turn to see Kate Bishop on the roof of the saloon, armed in her bow and arrow.
Imogen flicked the diamond ring on her left hand. "My sister keeps trying to set me up on dates. I've finally given in and went. I've been seeing this woman for three months now. I think I'm having trouble forming connections. I don't want to get attached. I don't know. I'm not really there. I don't really try in the relationship and I can already tell that she’s getting tired of it. I’m not there. I don’t think I’ll ever be ready. Just. It’s stagnant. It’s not like
“Yeah, you can say that.” Tony’s on the tip of adding something else, and Steve would know, because he’s spent years studying Tony Stark. Fighting beside him — fighting with him, being in his periphery, and being away, watching him from a far instead. Now he’s back again, like the world can’t keep them apart. What the chances that it would be the two of them who survived the Decimation?
“No.” Steve felt his lips move into a matching grin. He stood up, offered Tony a hand. “You lead, I’ll follow.”
It doesn’t get any easier no matter how many times he has to do it.
Is this how it felt to be suspended in animation? I’m at a facility in the Red Sea. All these animals swim around, no care, filter in and out. Breathing. Being. I can't think. Who am I without a brain, Steve. Without thought. I'm losing it. I'm losing. And now, it's this. It's. Fuck. Gone.
Scared for when the memories of you will become far and between. Locked up in some distant galaxy no suit or Quinjet can get to. I’m sorry. I never said that. Always thought apologies too difficult like peeling the suit, piece by piece, and all that’s left is you. Well. Me. And that’s scarier. Nothing more awful than looking at myself in the mirror and knowing what the rest of them think is true.
“Years.” Tony’s eyes stay on him. Not a glare. Confusion, maybe. “And now, you what, come here, say you’ll need a place to stay for a few nights and leave. You do see what that looks like, right?”
Steve gets off on the closet town, another thirty miles west. Turns left, right, right, left again until they find the small-three block downtown area. On the corner is a three story hotel, the only one in the street. The vacancy sign has bright neon pink lettering.
The limo passed through Harlem where there was a community event in honor of Tony, and then, there was a local memorial in Central Park. This was Tony’s turf and his hometown made sure he was remembered.
and the rest of us down. How many times do we have to go over this? I told you earlier—You don’t know the proposed alternative, Steve.” Tony flattens his hands on the counter, trying to control his shaking fingers. They spoke at the Avengers Mansion just hours ago and a trip to memory lane did nothing. They’re barely holding onto the tatters of their friendship. “Do you think it’s easy for me to be on the other side? To be away from you—from all of you?”
Tony smiles, and there’s a slight coloring to his cheeks, as if he’s still not used to being complimented.
“Could be.” Steve sighs, and looks at the landscape out west. They’re surrounded by land and sea, barely sketched under the too blue sky.
Tony didn’t deserve this, he knew that. His heart was pounding so hard.
Monsters didn’t crawl under the bed and wait to come out once it was dark. All Tony had to do was wake up in the morning, look at himself in the mirror, and find the places in his reflection that he couldn’t stand to look at.
“It’s time for training, anyway,” Natasha adds, gesturing for Riri and Kate to follow her. “Let’s go.”
Harley shoved a headset over his ears, barked out some codes, and then, Mark XLII moved from across the room. It stood over Steve, it’s long, powerful torso looking menacing and all at once, so much like Tony. Steve could picture Tony in there, with a smirk, as the armor offered a hand.
Perhaps, that’s what coming home must be like to some people.
“Goddamnit. I thought they were kidding.” Steve recognizes Sam’s voice barking outside.
They dried themselves, chatting idly about the mission. Steve wrapped a towel on his hips, admiring Tony’s fucked out expression.
“And you’re the fancy poet I happen to be in love with.” Tony fucked him in short, hard strokes.
He opened the bedroom door with unexplainable dread late because the left side would be empty for the rest of his life. He was so used to Tony’s tossing and turning that he had the fleeting thought to adopt a dog just so there was a regular heartbeat beside him at night. The fact that he’d spend the rest of his life sleeping on the right side of the bed, without Tony, choked him up.
“You can’t threaten me anymore. Everyone is dead. My people are dead. I’m not the first. Just kill me. Find another one. You have the rest of us locked up, so get someone else. I’m sick of this skin.”
Steve presses him further down the dilapidated beams. “Did you forget who taught you how to fight?”
“Fuck, what are we—gonna—I have to tell the kids.” Steve pressed their foreheads together and kissed Tony three consecutive times. A hard press on the lips, an attempt to quench his fear that this would be the last time. This was all he could do. “God, Tony, we just got Morgan. You can’t—you have to be alright, Tony. Please.”
“Let go, let go, for me, let go,” Steve chants, mouthing kisses at Tony’s cheek. “You can do it, I’m here.” The words sound so gentle, a vivid contrast to the brutality he’s often shown.
Rumiko pulls out, the dildo bobbing on Tony’s right ass cheek. She turns and waves Steve over with a wicked grin.
They munched on their breakfast, no talk between them. New York was already too loud.
Dinner is a quiet affair.
“Please Stark, all anyone’s got to do is take one look at you and they’d see.” He gestures to Tony, and he must see something pitiful because he sighs.
Steve picked up the tinted sunglasses with shaky fingers. He swallowed, plastered on an encouraging smile and offered it to Peter. “Well, try it on. I bet it would look good on you.”
One morning in late April, Steve woke up.
She pushes him over.
Things have changed.
“You’re done when I say you’re done.” Steve strides over, kicking the blade towards me.
Another train passed through.
“Tony,” Steve, no, It says.
“Relative. I’ve come to understand that happy endings are relative.”
This time, Tony can say farewell.
He hangs up his hat on the hook, fingers drifting down to feel the strength of the oak wood. After his boots are kicked off to the side, he unbuckles his belt and shucks his pants and sweat-soaked shirt off. His eyes catch the hanging lights and the photographs between the bulbs. The wire has photographs clipped with a clothespin.
Time. It goes by.
But he’s a weak man. He took the final bite from the icecream cone, lips sticky, then turned to Tony.
Steve is leaving again. He should be used to saying goodbye by now, but he isn’t.
One Tony doesn’t have the answer to.
Tony took a part of him and Steve will never get those jagged fragments back. That’s fine, too. He could say goodbye to parts of himself as long as those pieces belonged to Tony.
“You barely know me. Is it safe to be so invested?”
Carol jumped up from her spot and ushered me into the kitchen for some leftovers. None of us can cook, no surprise there. Didn’t want to wake Jarvis. And there’s no time to learn anything other than a basic stir-fry. But you always made something half-way decent. Especially when it came to pasta night.
“Any way, whatever way you want.”
Bruce comes out, glasses perched on his nose, hair mused. He’s reading something on his tablet, side stepping a plastic bow and arrow on the floor, and when he looks up, he smiles at Steve.
Steve kicked off his work boots, shucked his jeans down to his thighs, and let Tony pry it off him. His socks came off next. With Tony’s guiding hand, Steve moved forward and planted himself down on the lush patch of grass. The grass tickled his arms as he wiggled his ass in anticipation.
Steve opened his mouth, letting Tony’s tongue slip in. The kiss turned rough, wet, and playful only the way in which Tony could accomplish. He laughed as Steve pushed away the vest and tore off a button from his dress shirt.
Steve took the sponge and washed Tony’s back, reaching up behind him, moving his arms around to get at the side of his ribs.
At least, when he had missions with the Avengers, Tony gave him the complete run down, asked for his input on strategy, and didn’t bother him with mission reports. “JARVIS will handle it,” Tony said, looking smug. “Just read it over, sign it, and we’ll send it over to SHIELD. God, it’s like you all are still in the dark ages with your paper copies and filing system.”
. It kills me to know what we’ve become. How we’ve gotten to this point.”
“Yup,” Tony says.
Tony shuts his eyes, tries to remember to thrill of flying.
He had so many things to be sorry for.
“To clear the air?” Steve gives a half-shrug.
There’s a half-eaten peanut butter sandwich on her side.
Tony peers up at him with an open mouth. Steve is compelled to bend down and suck on his lips. Steve lets go of his cock, dropping both arms to frame Tony’s face. Their cocks touch and he rocks back and forth, hiding his face on Tony’s neck.
But that’s the choice of love, wasn’t it? Knowing that the loss was inevitable, but choosing it anyway. Bullshit, Steve thought.
Steve’s the same. It isn’t until he’s run out of the country did he realize Captain America and the shield is just his own line of defense because it’s frightening to peel back his skin and show the world the scars the serum has rid off. There aren’t any more scars on his arms from chicken pox.
“I sure hope that’s true,” Steve says. “You see some things in war. It changes you.”
He was somewhere in the outskirts of Gatheru, gazing at the stars and cursing them for bringing a Mad Titan to their planet.
The hazy colors of late February are blue and streaks of grey. Shortly, the stars will come out, marking the end of his time here. He still likes it here, but it’s just a pit stop, he thinks, if it’s true that home isn’t a place but a person, he doesn’t know where that is.
Half the town is still recovering for Banner’s appearance as giant green monstrosity.
He let it fester, information darting from one memory to another. Jumping and jumping. He kept leaping across different times. Tony closed his eyes and pressed a hand to his forehead. The other was still stapled to the bed.
“No,” Tony shook his head, petulant. “I’ll go with you.”
He stands quickly, catching himself on the side table, and he stumbles to the window. Red Wolf waves from down from the ground floor.
Steve stares, unsure how to proceed, because this is Tony’s lover giving him permission to have Tony’s ass. But he understands the unnamed stipulation: it’s just once.
Even in the distance, he can hear Tony's voice, light and amused. It's different from his tone when speaking to Avengers or the press. He octave is higher and he quips out a sarcastic remark throughout the exchange. Steve hears children laughing.
“Sounds delicious,” Steve says, pausing before adding, “I had some in Satara. It was too spicy for me. I swear, the waitress said I was red in the face."
“They’ve already seen too much, no use in adding more.” Steve lets the nicotine calm him, and his fingers finally steady. In the distance, Tony’s pulling away from the engine and closing the lid.
Tony’s close enough that their shoulders almost touch. Despite a couple of bumps, the sand is soft on their feet. The smell of salt and seaweed fill the air when they settle down near the shore. Tony leans on his hands and smiles up at Steve.
“Yes. It’s a lovely place,” Steve says, pressing a hand over his forehead to shade his eyes from the sun.
“Yeah.”
“Sir’s workshop.” JARVIS clarified.
He catches himself and grips the wheel too hard. He presses the gas pedal, releases, presses it again, and he rushes too quickly. Tony’s sharp exhale pulls him off his trance. He slows down. Inch by inch the meter’s number falls lower and lower.
Steve will give himself a moment, then he’ll go through the motions.
Steve stayed silent. Instead of replying, he held Tony tighter, hoping that somehow, his fingers around his dying husband would stop his last breath from ever coming.
His nose was running with snot, just as much as Tony’s. “We already spoil them, baby. They’re gonna be a mess and Harley will roast you for not telling him about this.”
Tony eyes him for a beat, and he must see something, because squares his shoulders, determined, then pushes his chair back. The sound of wood drags against the floors. He glances at Steve, and Steve knows that it means stay put, watch guard, and maybe reading quick expressions like this they’ll both never unlearn.
I am Iron Man.
“Fine.” Steve raises a hand and sighs. He drops on his knees, and straddles my waist.
He put his palm under the water and watched it flow over his wedding ring.
Steve’s never been a patient man, so he bites the inside of his cheeks and traces the bow of Tony’s lips. He kissed it this morning, last night before bed. He wants their lips to meet now.
“I will clarify that with Ms. Potts, sir.” JARVIS paused for a beat, no doubt sending Pepper the message. “She said,
He thinks back to all he’s witnessed these last three years since the Snap. Sure, there’s been minor battles here and there, no crisis. There was chaos after half the world suddenly disappeared. There were jobs to fill; hospitals and community organizations were short-staffed. The list was endless, and yet, he expected the world to stay grim, disillusioned like him.
Tony sits up, bringing It to his lap. It’s still Steve’s face. Tony caresses Its face. Follows the curve  of Its — Steve’s — eyes with his index finger. “You came here to conquer us. Don’t lie.”
There’s a hand on his shoulder, then Natasha’s turning him, eyes all too knowing.
Steve blanched. Did he ever make Tony feel like he didn’t matter?
She stayed silent, lips turning to a pressed line. She shifted closer, wrapped an arm around his shoulder, then rearranged them so Steve’s head was on her lap.
“I’ll prove it to you, Shellhead.”
Thank the gods for Happy Hogan battling off the wild boars and dragging Steve’s body out of the pen while Fisk and his hired guns were distracted by Tony’s shouting and uncoordinated shots at Bullseye. Hogan had taken his father’s carriage and sped off to the Savage Mountain for Strange’s abode.
Tony’s sharp eyes are on him, and Steve wants nothing more than to just fall back into the love seat and stay silent, let the scene pass. But he doesn’t have the right to treat this place like home.
is what tears him down. The guilt of his mistakes; guilt he shouldn’t even have to carry alone.
, and the thought of how Vision had ended up. He kept circling back to how Wanda had looked with that collar on her neck, and the guilt and anger warred in his chest.
“Unc’a ‘Ony, cowors!” he said, and sounded proud of himself. “Ye-llo!” he said and pointed at Laura’s blouse. Tony grinned down at him, bursting with pride. Score!
Blond hair and steely grey eyes swim in his field of vision. Christ, he’s all over the place today. Stone hasn’t made an appearance in a while
He looked out the window for a few more minutes before he took a deep swallow of his coffee, grimacing at the coldness of it, but being loath to waste it even now. When he heard feet padding towards the kitchen, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath to center himself. The way he did before a battle. He knew that he was dealing with his teammates, his friends… hell, most of the time he called them his family, but he knew this was still a point of contention amongst them. He
“Shhhh,” Tony says against his hair as he rocks him. Cooper sniffles against him and buries himself a little deeper, hiding his eyes. “Coop,” Tony says softly once the kid has calmed down. He runs gentle fingers through the boy’s hair. “Listen to me, because I’m about to tell you something very important. Your father loves you. Shhh, listen,” he says again and makes the boy look at him straight in the eye. “He loves you so damn much, Cooper, you and your sister and your baby brother and
“Papapapapapa,” she babbles as she grabs hold of his cheeks in her clumsy little hands and tries to bring him closer. Steve gives her a little skimo kiss, out of habit, and she giggles and slaps his hands against his cheeks. “Papa ‘tee,” she says and this time it sounds more like a name. Steve can’t let himself hope it is what he hears.
“Buck?” His voice doesn’t sound like his own. It’s small and scared like it hasn’t been since he was a little twig of a boy getting beat into the ground.
Don’t let them bulldoze you
“Don’t,” Tony says raggedly. He feels a phantom pain in his chest, and he rubs at the annoyance. It’s been happening enough lately to bring him a twinge of concern, but he doesn’t have time at the moment. The fight for the Accords and the others and especially Barnes’s freedom is still not won. He doesn’t have the
“Um, speaking of loyal--?” a voice behind him asks and Tony feels his chest seize up. Usually he’s one to play the dramatics just for funsies, but this time it’s actually true. The voice sends his chest into contractions that are probably not good for his health but what the
“Then who the hell is? Who’s going to defend her?” He snapped, and the others shared another look.
that it happens, hates that he’s that vulnerable in front of some of them, and he can’t really blame him. Not when he’s the one that put him in that situation in the first place.
“Sure, I’ll brave the sharks while you get them,” Tony responds distractedly. He’s going over the finer print one last time, obsessively if Natasha is to be believed, so that there are no objections of any kind from the other side.
“Hello? Steve? Cap, is that you?” but it turns out his whirling thoughts are for nothing. He can’t even think of how insane it is to heart
Peter crouches down at the edge of that platform where they are and leans over to look at where the alien has Strange levitating; one of the spikes has pierced his cheekbone and Tony has to resist the urge to just drop down and yank it off. It looks painful, and the man might be the only person who could get his child back home where he belongs. If they don’t do something to help him soon, they’re going to be even worse sitting ducks than they already are.
“He’s right, you know,” the king tells tony once there is quiet in the room again. The mechanic turns his eyes back to T’Challa but doesn’t say anything. “They owe you their freedom. Hell, they might even owe you their life.”
Being in the communal floors still makes his chest tighten though he doesn’t feel his hands tremble anymore. After that first meeting, and after Rhodey had gone Barton hunting and had gotten the coffee table snapped in half, things seemed to have simmered down. Everyone seemed to have reached an agreement about staying out of one another’s space. Though sometimes he would run into Sam on his way to coffee, and after the first couple of days where the other pilot would just look at him, now they would smile at each other nicely enough. Sam had even gone as far as apologizing for Rhodey to
, he thinks over and over again.
“Parents never do,” Tony said gently. He imagined a harried looking man that looked just like him, and a brushed kiss against his cheek. Promises of holiday visits and empty manors. He shook his head to rid himself of the memories.
“Not Ross, boss,” FRIDAY says and then does that weird sound that Tony equates to a giggle whenever she says it like that.
“Mrs. Keener,” he says solemnly. She gives him the patented unimpressed mother look that both her and Laura, and ironically Pepper, have mastered. He tries to give her his charming smile, but he’d be lying if he said he’s not shaking in his metaphorical boots. She approaches him, and he has to make a conscious effort not to take a step back. Rather than the ear pulling he’d been expecting, though, she envelops him into an official Keener hug. Tony sighs in relief against her hair and basks in her citrusy scent.
He thinks almost hysterically. He doesn’t have to, though, because after a deep breath Tony speaks.
Next chapter is gonna be so hard to write, honestly. What have I done to myself?
“I’m not Bucky,” Tony said, and Steve reared back. The mechanic tilted his head to the side, mind running a mile a minute as he focused on the other man. “I think I see it now.”
“Daddy!” Lila yells as they make their way inside and God, she’s already crying. Her dark braids swaying behind her as she runs to her dad. Tony sees the surprise and devastation on Barton’s face for a second before he’s running out to meet his kid half way.
“Peter,” he says quietly and nudges his boy a little when he makes an affirmative noise. It hits Tony, like a punch to the gut, to see Peter’s face. His eyes are swollen and his cheeks and nose are all red from his crying, he keeps biting his lip in that he’s done since he was very little and didn’t want to cry. “Hey, bambino, look at me, huh?” Tony chucks him lightly under the chin, and Peter forces his head up. “I—I understand, okay? It’s hard for me, too, every single day. I—I’m going to tell you some stuff, yeah? Because, Petey, this idea you have right now? that you have to okay, and you have to move on? It’s not—Peter, that’s just not true, okay? These kinds of things—love is so strange, bambino, love doesn’t work the way you think it might. When you love someone, the way you love your father, well… it makes things so much harder.”
“I have no business meddling in that,” Tony said, and his voice was tight. He wasn’t meeting Steve’s gaze, and the soldier blew out a breath.
Also, please suspend disbelief for those of you who know how university housing works. Cause i sure as fuck don't lmao. I'm living at home in the meantime so... ya know, LOL
“Do you think I’d be that—“
let that happen. I was supposed to be doing the right thing, and I put my teammates in a maximum security prison. I may not agree with Barton on most things, but…” he trailed off with a shrug. Steve didn’t say anything, but he leaned down to give the man another chaste kiss.
But one look at the solider takes the wind right out of him. There’s desperation replacing the determination he’d had. The increasingly tight grip he has on Tony’s face, as though he’s afraid that he’ll dissipate as soon as he lets go, is something the mechanic is intimately familiar with. Steve looks tired, so
“Yeah?” Rhodey says, coming up to Tony to hand over his youngest so he can get some baby cuddles. They always make everything better, after all. Morgan doesn’t even stir as she’s handed to her father, and Tony smiles. “You wanna talk to your brother about it?”
Steve wants to curl himself up, and disappear into the seat. He forgets, sometimes, how young Tony had been. He forgets the weight of everything that felt on his fragile shoulders when he lost his parents. He forgets that Tony knows his same kind of grief.
“It’s helping,” Tony’s voice had sounded
“Hi baby,” she said, though she made no move to take him from Tony. “Did you have fun with your Uncle Tony?”
that got them back. You don’t have to put up with their crap. They don’t get to yell out and—and make you feel like
and the desire to
, because watching them together? Watching Tony mock arguing about something on Harley’s report card or watching the casual way in which he slings his arm around either kid? That was something Steve had never been blind to. Tony was a great fucking role model, and he is so grateful that he is allowed to see it.
The memory hits him like a train. All the things he’d heard, but hadn’t thought about at the moment. The fact that the armor’s voice modulator had been on, probably so that Steve couldn’t hear… couldn’t know how vulnerable he’d been. Steve hadn’t thought about how it was probably
Steve heaved off his chair, already having a plan in mind, and began to make his way out of the room. When he was at the door, Natasha called him back. Her voice had a warning in it. “Leave him be, Steve,” was all she said, but the soldier didn’t have to ask who she meant. He shook her head and moved out of the room.
to work this out. To set an example. To be what Jarvis and Yinsen thought he could be.
They go to Sam for advice, and the very first thing his friend does is hug them both tightly. He especially gives a tight embrace to Tony who closes his eyes and bites his lip to keep from crying. Once they’ve calmed down, and Steve and Tony explain what has been going on, Sam refers them to a colleague of his by the name of Phil Coulson whom he promises will keep Tony’s name under wraps. He makes sure to tell them that if Coulson isn’t a good fit then he will help them find someone else.
at all.”
“Now hang on a second, jackass,” Lang said and grabbed for his arm. Tony raised an eyebrow and look down at the hand gripping his. For a second, there was a flare of panic at a stranger grabbing for him, but the sound of the children in the next room helped calm him down. “Sorry,” Lang said sheepishly, and let him go. “Force of habit, the being an ass part. I didn’t mean to say that I was doing this because Mrs. Barton forced me to. I was always going to, but I wanted to know just how much you’d done for my little girl. I know you went to find her as soon as you knew I had joined Cap. I wanted to know why.”
Steve buries his face into Tony’s soft hair, holds him tight with his ear pressed against his chest, and wills him to believe him. That he is there. That he loves him more than anything. That he will never leave him again. That he shouldn’t have the first time.
“You sounded the
“Living quarters location, activated,” the same coldly detached voice says again. Next thing they know, the coffee table has lit up with a schematic of the compound’s architecture. It makes Bucky jump back in surprise, and Natasha puts a hand on his shoulder to keep him in place. They all move forward to take a look at it.
“You weren’t even there!” Cap complains with a laugh.
“I’m sorry, Steve,” Sam’s chastised voice had pulled him out of is reverie. The man wore a guilty look on his face.
Howard smirked at him. “You—you would have died. For any of them.”
Rhodes looks at him with a blank expression for a long time. Steve, feeling guilt curl in his stomach, does all he can to look back. He knows,
“Mission report: December 16
? The spy that betrayed me?! Tell me!” Tony cried, his whole frame shaking and with no more care for the tears rolling down his cheeks. “
The mechanic feels tears well up in his eyes and his throat constrict. He doesn’t have the heart to tell Steve what he’s really thinking. He doesn’t have the energy to look at the guilt and devastation on the other man when he says the words. That he can’t, that he doesn’t know how, and that he’s been cast as the villain so many times that he doesn’t know if he’s just lying to himself when he thinks it’s a lie. That he doesn’t think he’s good, that everything he touches turns to cinders and ashes; he can’t get the words past the lump in his throat. So he does the next best thing. He closes his eyes and leans his head against the soldier’s chest, feels those steel band arms wrap securely around him and clings on. It’s not a solution, not by far, but for right now he just wants to remember his Aunt Peggy with someone else who knew, and loved, and appreciated her as much as he did. He just wants to feel tethered down again after feeling adrift for so long.
“They have their reasons and responsibilities,” the king responded, and Steve heard the message loud and clear.
Tony, who had shoved a handful of popcorn into his mouth, in haled a kernel the wrong way and started choking. Peter squawked and started patting his back with a guilty expression on his face. Tony tussled his hair to show him that he was fine before taking a big gulp of his drink. His hand instinctively went to his hip, where
“Yeah, Shellhead, together.”
“No, Tony—“
Harley whistles impressively at that, and then giggles like the little shit he is when Tony can do nothing but pout. Steve grins down at him and for a moment it looks like things might actually get better from here. Tony has never been big on symbolism, but he decides to be optimistic about his outlook with the way things are at the moment. The sun is high and bright outside the panoramic windows, and for once most of the people he truly cares about are all together, if not happy, then at least with the possibility of being happy sometime sure. A
“Hey,” he says again, this time to the Colonel, as he takes a seat while Tony bustles around the counter with his cereal and coffee. “How ya feeling?”
“It can’t wait until tomorrow?” the man asked and there was a quiet note of warning in his voice. Steve ignored it.
“Hungwy, ‘Teve,” the baby said with the cutest pout on his little face. Steve couldn’t help but lean down and give his nose a little eskimo kiss.
Tony shakes his head but he scoots closer to him. Steve hesitantly puts his arm around his shoulders, and Tony buries his head under it. He doesn’t stop sobbing, and Steve is afraid at the way he sounds like he
“That’s not true, and you know it, Anthony,” T’Challa interjects quietly. The way he says it, irrationally, reminds Tony of Edwin Jarvis and he bites his tongue. “You and I both know that if none of you had signed it would have been infinitely worse for you all. Ross was out for blood; yours or theirs it wouldn’t have mattered. In lieu of Doctor Banner, any of his team would have sufficed. You, Mr. Stark, have a wonderful mind; the genius title, as you have often reminded the public, was not self-awarded. You saw through the good public servant persona of the General, and identified the threat within. You did what you thought was best, what you thought would damage the least amount of people. You tried to save them—“
“I don’t want to move on. I don’t want to love someone else, Buck. I can’t. I don’t want to forget.” He laughed, the sound broken and pathetic. “I can’t forget. Eidetic memory. I see him every night. Before I close my eyes. When I look at Morgan. See Peter. Hear Harley.”
