I don't want to give anything away, but next chapter finally gets to the good stuff. *wink* *wink*
Steve stayed on the bed, still deciding whether he should leave. After a while, he got up from the bed to walk out onto the balcony. He found Sharon speaking with Natasha, but there was no sign of Tony. Steve told himself that they should probably stay at the party a little longer, just not to make a scene before heading out.
“I know you didn’t want to have this party, Tony. But it’s great so far.” Steve practically whispered. He was close enough to Tony for his lab mate to hear his hushed voice.
Tony laughed hysterically, nearly dropping his tablet. Bruce watched Tony double over but then walked away in a huff as it became clear that the latter wasn’t going to stop anytime soon.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Banner.” Tony spun around to face the bar counter. He felt Bruce settle next to him. Tony blushed, having been caught once again staring at Steve while also remembering that he had accidentally grazed his lab mate's hand, which felt nice, to say the least.
“You got your answers ready?” Rhodey asked both Steve and Tony with a smile.
Peter nodded quickly as he peeked out from underneath his covers.
“Love you too, Steve.” Bucky answered through the hug.
Tony nodded, trying to focus on exactly what he wanted to say, but it sounded like whatever he had to say wouldn’t matter now that Steve seemed closed off to him.
“I got into a bit of trouble with the iron patriot just now.” Tony whispered to Steve as he motioned with his glass to indicate Rhodey.
Steve sighed. “Just trying something new.” Was all he could manage, wanting to get out of the store as quickly as possible.
Tony groaned. “I already told the owner I was coming
Sam looked behind himself through the room window at Steve and Tony before looking back at Bucky.
“I’ll try not to.” He heard Tony whisper, before feeling him kiss the back of his head.
“This, the Synergy device, will assist in that endeavor.” Fury pressed another button on his clicker which made the device pull apart in perfect unison. Everyone, except Tony and Fury, gasped as the pieces flew across the room.
Strange scoffed as he finished packing up his medical bag. “Tony, for as long as I have known you, you’ve never been fearful of embracing the unknown. Why not with whomever you’re seeing now?
Bruce sighed. “What about it?”
Tony sat up straight in his chair, pointing angrily at the test marked with an “F”. “And this was a few days ago? Why didn’t anyone call us?” His voice raised a little. Steve reached over and rubbed his leg to calm him down.
“Bruce, is all right if I speak with Tony for a few minutes alone, please?”
Tony turned his head toward the direction of the bathroom; he listened to the shower running. He sighed once more before staring upward at the ceiling.
Through the kiss, Steve could feel Tony holding back, so he restrained himself from pushing back. But before anything could go anywhere, Tony straightened up and away from Steve to flop onto his back. He groaned loudly, slamming the palms of his hands to his forehead. Steve shuffled so he could look more directly at Tony.
The scientist kicked the tablet across the space before turning back around toward the object the team had been working on the past few months.
“Look, Rogers. I can tell why you would be apprehensive about something like this.”
Tony turned to reach out and kiss Steve. “Thanks, baby. I can definitively use this.” He placed the journal on the bedside table before facing Steve again.
Steve took a moment before leaning inward to embrace Tony again, kissing him once more. They could hear the music playing inside the loft transition softly, leading Tony to start swaying with Steve. Steve pulled Tony closer to his body as they danced to the music together. After some time, as the song slowly wound down, Steve kissed Tony, taking his time, feeling him gently.
Peter nearly fell out of his chair. “It’s
“What’s so funny?” Steve asked, genuinely curious.
Steve waited a bit longer before taking the elevator back down to the lobby to switch elevators to get back to his suite with Tony.
“I’m sorry you felt that way.”
With a frustrated groan, Tony turned over onto his side to face the side of the bed where Steve usually slept. He hated it whenever they were apart, especially at night. Tony groaned again as he turned over onto his back to stare up at the ceiling.
“Hey, Tony. How’s dinner?” Rhodey sounded weary on the other end of the receiver, which meant that it was Peter’s bedtime and it was usually a chore trying to get the nine-year old ready for bed.
Tony sighed. Peter wore a wristwatch Tony had designed for him that included J.A.R.V.I.S., and Tony had forgotten that he had the computer programmed to keep him informed of Peter’s usual arrival on specific days of the week.
Tony looked up from the drawing he was studying to leer at Steve. “Why?” The suggestive tone in his voice seeping, “do you just want to kiss up, rub up and feel up on me all night?”
“Hi, Steve!” Peter added.
Tony laughed. “I know you keep them in the top drawer, so I just lifted them when you weren’t looking and shined them up for you.”
Steve nodded as he crossed his arms. He looked downward and away from Tony before looking up.
“Um,” he now felt like he was on the verge of crying from all the emotions he was beginning to feel, “why don’t you make sure you’re ready to go? Banner and Rhodey are coming over early, so we can hang out with them for a bit.”
Steve threw his hands in the air with a huff. “Well, what was I supposed to call you when I first met you? I’m sorry I have manners.”
That entire day, Tony mulled over Steve’s actions and their fight up until that point; it was true, although it took Tony a while to admit it to himself, that he had kept Steve from fully expressing himself, but Tony had felt so hurt by Steve not listening to him. Also, ever since getting to know Steve, Tony had to remind himself that he was old-fashioned and perhaps Steve thought a hand-written note would show his sincerity.
Sam shrugged. “So? Where have you been sleeping?” The question provoked Bucky to laugh even louder than before.
Tony laughed again as he shuffled around. “Rogers, you really need to stop doing that…” He teased before turning his head somewhat to face Steve.
“Or, uh…” Tony started as Steve sat down on the sofa he had slept on the night before, “I don’t mind if you nap on the bed with me, Rogers…I can tell you didn’t sleep well last night…you also seem anxious…”
“Hey, Rogers.” Tony greeted with a smile as he waited for Peter to get out of the way so he could also greet Steve.
Tony shook his head. “I know that, Steve. I’m just trying to say—”
“To solve this crisis, Stark Industries is teaming up with the Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division, or S.H.I.E.L.D. for short, to—”
“Uh, Cap…” Bucky watched Steve rest his elbows on the table before placing his head into his hands, “you all right?”
Obadiah crossed his arms as Tony watched him take his precious time. Tony hated it whenever Obadiah did this just to make some ridiculous point.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Yeah, Steve. You and Tony are a nice-looking couple.” He almost said in a derisive tone, but it appeared that both of his friends hadn’t picked up on it.
Steve looked downward before looking up at Tony; his smile was half shy, half intrigued. “Tony, you just gave me an important assignment and that’s all you can think about?”
“All of what?"
Tony shook his head a few times as he pulled on a shirt. “I have to drive back into the city.” He grabbed a few things from the nightstand before putting his shoes on.
Steve felt miserable; based on the fight that had erupted in front of the team, it was obvious that both were still reeling from their conversation in the lab earlier that day.
“Tony, why wouldn’t I want to meet Peter? He’s important to you.” He said with a smile, albeit his tone reflected his concern.
rigorous work.” The sentence came off just as condescending as Tony’s had, if not more.
Steve nodded. He stopped working for a moment to acknowledge Tony. “I’ve never been a parent, but I’m sure it’s tough. Nice to have people around to help, though.”
Tony’s eyes widened as he realized his friends were once again talking about his dating life behind his back.
“We’ll need Stark and Rogers to go to this sector. There’s an old factory where we could test the device while it sends specs back to Dr. Banner’s lab.” Fury used a pen to point to a section of the map.
“…I got in?” Steve barely managed as he tried to process the good news. He turned around to face Sam who had the hugest grin on his face.
They remained quiet for some time before Steve shuffled around.
Tony chuckled, kissing Steve before propping himself up again. “Okay, wait. Let me do it right.” He sat up, holding the box out toward Steve.
Tony nodded in agreement; he
“They’re not dating, you know.” Sam cut to the chase as Tony was consumed with his thoughts.
“We worked out the blast radius and no one is going to get hurt. I promise, Steve. Trust me on this.”
Shuri shook her head. “We can cancel that, Clint. Maybe a government lock down is a good idea, just in case…”
Steve lingered before approaching. Quickly, he thought it would be better to just leave and send Tony a text later, but he didn’t want Tony to take any offense to him leaving without saying goodbye. Steve scrunched up his face before crouching down near the couch. He hesitated before tapping Tony on the shoulder.
Bruce nodded as he switched mental gears. “Oh! Did you get an invite to that tech expo?”
Sam laughed. “Also, thanks for taking me with you, Cap. Although, it probably would have been better to bring a
“Okay, I’m sorry, Tony…I didn’t realize that was over stepping boundaries…”
Steve nodded slowly, looking back and forth between Strange and Tony.
Tony shook his head with a coy expression. “You know we can’t talk about that. Government secrets or whatever.” He turned to a degree to grin at Rhodey who only rolled his eyes.
Hey, Rogers. Be in the lab at 8am. Thanks.
She spun around quickly to march out of the kitchen with Gamora following closely behind. Nebula walked up to Obadiah, holding her silencer out.
“Steve,” Tony took a step away from him, “I don’t think I can do this…I thought I could, but I can’t. It’s difficult enough working with you every day. I can’t even function normally whenever you smile. I totally screwed up, but I knew—know that this can’t work.”
“Tony…” Steve breathed into Tony’s neck as his hands continued to roam.
Tony stopped pushing and rubbed Steve’s side. “Just relax, baby. I got you.”
Steve smiled a little too wide, too astonished that Tony had said yes, but that he also sounded a little excited.
“What?” Tony laughed heartily, “It’s true. I just witnessed it.”
Tony hugged Steve back. “…Steve…” He began again, placing both hands on Steve’s arms to look at him directly, “…I…uh…really care about you, too…” He winced from everything he was feeling toward Steve but couldn’t bring himself to say more without bursting into a stream of tears.
The scientist rested his hands on his hips, grinning slightly.
Tony tried to return the expression but his conversation with Obadiah and his weird chest pain turned his face into a half grimace.
Steve could hardly control himself as he felt Tony’s body squeeze him as he lowered. Steve instinctively bucked up into Tony’s body, trying to slow down, but the sensation was too great.
“Got it, Stark.” Natasha’s voice answered back.
Tony turned to face the entrance of the lab. “Uh, I’m going to grab a few things from my office, okay? I’ll be back before you leave.”
After finally breaking away from Thor, Tony rotated his shoulder a few times. “Of course, we are, Gandalf the
Tony entered the room first but was soon pulled over and down toward the bed. Both men fell on top the sheets together with Tony landing on top of Steve. He felt Steve feel the middle of his back as his forehead pressed against his neck.
“Sam!” Steve groaned loudly as Sam ultimately ignored the previous command.
, not the other way around.” Tony pointed back at Steve before turning around to walk away from him. He exhaled before placing his hands on his hips. By this time, the rest of the team remained absolutely still.
Hammer nodded quickly before looking around the restaurant. He lowered his voice as he leaned inward.
Steve could tell that Fury was over whatever Tony was serving, but the older man never flinched. Steve appreciated Fury’s doggedness especially when dealing with people who seemed to have an inflated sense of themselves.
Bucky laughed. “That’s beside the point. You’re still acting weird,” he stepped toward Steve, simpering, “so, whatcha got
“…can I show Steve the robot we made? The better one?” Peter asked.
Bruce readjusted his eyeglasses before answering. “I think they’re safety uniforms.”
The guard opened the door. “Mr. Stane,” he pointed to the carrier, “your—”
“Steve, I don’t think I made this clear before,” Steve felt Tony move the hand behind his ear down to rub his waist, “but I don’t care. And honestly, you don’t seem that awkward…well with me anyway.”
Steve smiled as he leaned next to Tony. “I don’t mind.” He placed a hand on Tony’s waist.
“Tone!”
Rhodey chuckled on the other end of the receiver. “Yeah, he’s fine, Tone. You wanted me to call you when we got to the museum. So, I’m calling to let you know that we have
“I’m here if you want to talk about it…” Steve let out quietly, however the hesitancy in his tone was evident.
Steve knew that he was possibly referring to someone taking the opportunity to sabotage the device while out in the field. Even so, without delay, Tony began to read the solved equations out loud for Steve who inputted them into the device.
“Uh, okay. I’m not use to smartphones or tablets.” Steve mimicked Tony’s motions.
Steve had also learned during the tour that Tony was a recent adoptive parent, which came as the biggest shock of the day. He overheard Bruce asking Tony about someone named “Peter”. Steve had figured it was either a colleague or another friend of theirs, but Tony answered by mentioning Peter’s aunt and his middle school art class. Natasha then had the decency to whisper to Steve that Peter was Tony’s adopted son.
Steve stood up and instinctively pulled Tony into a hug, which was awkward from start to finish. Both lingered longer than either thought they should while also realizing quickly that that was the first time they had hugged each other in a long time.
“Talk to me, Tone.”
He grumbled.
Tony has a habit of getting a
“…you’re probably right…everything is such a huge mess…”
Steve shook his head as he placed a hand on Tony’s arm. “I’m not saying to ignore Peter…it’s just when you get really excited about something like this…well…” He stopped before elaborating.
Tony joined Steve at the railing. “Yeah…” He then turned to face Steve, “thanks again, Rogers…”
Loki placed the tablet on the table in front of him. He thought it might be easier to tinker with the device’s hardware rather than plant another one of Thanos’s makeshift explosives. That way the Synergy team wouldn’t see it coming until it was too late. But somehow, he would need to get close to the device.
Bucky patted Steve on the shoulder again as Steve mulled over his friend’s advice. Before the beginning of his last relationship, Steve had taken his time and almost didn’t ask Peggy out. Usually, he was never the type to rush into things, but he was also concerned he would miss out on something that had the potential to be something special if he continued being cautious toward Tony. Yet, he wasn’t sure how to balance his more reserved personality with dating effectively. However, perhaps taking a new approach wouldn’t hurt.
Obadiah promptly sat down on the couch without further hesitation.
“Tony, what’s the hold up?” Bruce's voice filtered in through Steve’s and Tony’s earpieces.
The two grew silent for a moment, but Tony could see Sam staring at him as if something was bothering him. Sam then looked around before inching closer toward Tony to lower his voice.
“Your father wouldn’t have let this happened…” He coldly added.
“How was dinner?” Pepper gathered her jacket and purse, which were sitting on top on an avant-garde-looking statue.
Tiberius shrugged with a huff. “Actually, I received a personal invitation from Obie…but it would have been better coming from you, Tony.”
“Tony, you need to let yourself enjoy things more often. You don’t want to introduce Steve to Peter because you’re already thinking—no
Thor pressed his ear against the door to listen in. “He is in here.”
Tony smiled down at Peter. “Okay, then finish breakfast as you wait.” He motioned for the nine-year old to head out of the bedroom to the kitchen. Peter sighed before breaking out into a mad dash toward the kitchen.
Steve laughed as he patted Sam on the shoulder. Sam nodded before ascending the stairs.
Tony screamed in his head as he smiled at Steve, grateful that his husband always managed to relieve him of awkward situations.
“Please set yourself up over there. And don’t touch anything.” Tony pointed toward a console near a table, ignoring his lab mate’s bewilderment. Steve winced as he walked over toward the console and set his things down on a nearby table. The table was disorganized, but Steve figure he could clean it up after Tony felt comfortable enough for him to contribute.
“You know what,” Tony started, “I think Barton has a point.”
After a few moments of some inevitable awkwardness, the two chatted about Steve a bit longer before going back into the hospital room.
One of the staffers rushed Tony up a temporary stage area as another walked up to the microphone to get everyone’s attention.
Steve smiled, fully knowing what Tony was referring to.
“Banner, we’re inside. I think it’ll be best for the rest of the team to stay put outside while Rogers and I get these specs. We’ll send them to you and Thor then switch places…no telling how sensitive this thing is…” Tony whispered as he motioned for Steve to wait for him to clear the area before they entered the basement.
Steve turned his head somewhat to look at Tony. “Also,” Tony continued with a grin, “remember when I said it’s okay if you don’t get it the first time? We can try again.” He turned to face upward at the ceiling.
“And as you know from reading the initial dossier, the device is equipped with a vibranium core. This seems to be the only metal that not only keeps the Synergy device operating at efficient levels, it also keeps it stable.”
“Sam.” With a nod, Tony handed Sam a cocktail who graciously accepted it.
“Loki…I know…you had something to do with the lab explosion…” Thor explained quietly, never taking his eyes off his brother.
"Why? Afraid you're going to lose it?" Lara shook her head.
could be heard all over the place and S.H.I.E.L.D. agents could be heard shouting orders. Steve looked at Bruce, thinking he might have a possible explanation for this, but the scientist looked just as puzzled as he was.
"Yeah," Bruce agreed. "Thanks for trying, though."
"Wow, you sound cross," Oswin commented.
"Case? What case?" Pepper shot out a hand to stop him.
"Christ…" The anguish in Clint's voice is clear. "He has them shooting at civilians?"
Originally posted to FFN on 1/7/19.
"You're right," he said. "I don't know what it's like. I've never been through anything close to this, but I know it's not worth taking your life over." Tony squeezed his eyes shut and pinched the bridge of his nose.
"Why did you stop it?" Things were silent for a moment as Tony waited for her to add to her inquiry. She didn't say anything else, so Tony took the initiative for himself.
"Battle?" the Other questioned. "Against the meager might of Earth?"
In less than a few moments, their bliss was interrupted. The main doors opened with a loud
"Not safe for work." Tony gave her a disbelieving look. "It's also personal. I don't want to talk about it, just like you don't want to talk about what's bothering you."
"It's not like we set out to almost get scammed," Bruce defended.
Duran thought as she approached her.
"He doesn't have his key," Steve pointed out. "He left it in the room." Lara brought a hand to her forehead.
"Casse couille." Tony didn't even bat an eye.
"Is this about the Avengers?" Pepper asked. "Which I know nothing about."
"My boss just had a talk with your boss," he said.
Nightmare, he thought. It was just a nightmare. Despite his attempts to reassure himself, Tony couldn't help but be reminded that it wasn't just a nightmare. That happened to him less than four months ago, the only difference being that he hadn't died. He had fallen back through the portal and the Hulk had caught him before he had hit the ground. He was still alive, but it felt like he couldn't escape that moment.
"Yeah," he said. "I'm okay, for now."
Originally posted to FFN on 9/30/20.
"I don't know about that," Fury said. "But it is powered by the Cube and I would like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys."
Tony's eyes went back to Steve's. He could see that his boyfriend was looking for assurance straight from the horse's mouth, but for some strange reason, Tony couldn't find the words to say. He just kept looking at his boyfriend, blankly. It was honestly the most assuring expression h could manage with the turmoil of emotions churning inside of him. Steve looked at him with a sad expression and placed a hand on Tony's cheek.
"Why do you do this to yourself, Tony?" Pepper asked.
"Pay up, Barton."
"New York City Police Department Central Communications Hub, this call is being recorded, how can I help you?" If he wasn't in a public place and on the phone with the police, Tony would have given a "Hallelujah" at that point.
"Wha?" was all Knežević was able to get out with his jaw dangling freely from his skull.
Carol had a frown plastered on her face the entire ride to the hospital. Despite her insistence to the EMTs that she was fine and that they should be focusing their resources on the people who were actually hurt, they refused to listen to her and essentially forced her onto a stretcher. Well, "force" was a bit of a strong word. It was more like she had no other choice. If she fought back, she'd hurt them, so her only option was to suck it up and go along with what they said. However, that didn't mean she couldn't be angry about it.
Lara was dead tired. She had been working this counterfeiting case for weeks and just two days ago she had gotten the break she needed. She hadn't been home since then and the most sleep she had gotten was a forty-five-minute nap at her desk somewhere around three AM on Friday. It was now edging close to five o'clock in the evening on Saturday. The sooner she got some food in her and into bed, the better.
"Alright, Tony," she said as she leaned back in the chair and took a fistful of pretzels. "What have you got?"
"Hey, I would proudly die for this dog," Clint said as he took Steve's hand. "He's the best boy and deserves all of the protection and love in this world."
"Well, this isn't an 'I told you so' moment, Hogan," Rhodey explained. "This is going to be absolutely devastating to Tony, provided he doesn't know about it yet."
Shoving his own personal worries and hang ups aside, Tony tried to immerse himself in the excitement of the day. Keyword: tried. He had very little success in doing so. Part of it was the migraine that he had been fighting for several days, part of it was the fact that he had started off the day on the wrong foot. First thing in the morning he had to hit the talk show circuit with several pre-taped appearances and a live interview on
Tony Stark. Iron Man. That Tony Stark."
kind of a showman," he said. "I just figured if you knew you were going to die, you'd want to make a big show of it."
"You may not enjoy that," Bruce remarked.
"You see," he said. "I don't get a suit of armor. I'm exposed, like a nerve. It's a nightmare." Tony felt a pang of sympathy rush through him. He didn't know what Bruce's exact situation was like, but he could understand having your whole life changed by a single event.
"I wouldn't say that," Freeman tried to defend.
"Your father." Loki bitterly raised a finger in correction. At that point, Thor let him go. "He did tell you my true parentage, did he not?" Slowly, Loki walked past Thor, rubbing a particularly sore spot on his back. He couldn't look at Thor's face and see his reaction. Either Thor would accuse him of lying or already know the truth. Loki didn't want to see which look he'd give him, anger or pity.
"You sure that's a good idea?" Natasha asked. "I mean, you open something to the public and the public usually finds a way to mess it up."
"Any threat," Everhart questioned. "So, that doesn't just mean a hostile invasion of Earth by extraterrestrials?"
Have you ever gotten drunk and then gotten behind a wheel of a car, crashed it, and tried to put it back together as police sirens ring out in the background? If you haven't, congratulations! You are more responsible than most of my family members! If you have, then you understand how I feel about this fic right now.
Tony saw a look cross Steve's face that he hadn't seen since the time Pepper figured out that he was bi; sheer panic. Tony's first instinct was to get up and comfort him, but the knowledge that he would probably fall over and crack his head open if he tried kept him from doing so. Luckily, Carol caught on and smacked Fury on the bicep.
Securing the belt as tightly as she could around the metal brace at the door, Lara once hoped to all dear goodness it would hold up if someone tried to enter through one of the other two stairwells. It was an easy and effective way to barricade a door in the event of an active shooter, so she had to assume that it could withstand some stress. Just in case, though, she made sure for the eighth time that the door was locked and pushed another table against it just to be sure. She knew that to escape, the door to the emergency stairwell wasn't going to be reinforced, but JARVIS promised to lock it once she left, so she had to hope that bare minimum of protection was enough.
"I, uh," Bruce stammered as he scratched the back of his head. "I think I need a minute."
"And there's one other person you pissed off," he said. "His name was Phil." Loki raised his scepter to fire at him, but Tony fired off one of his gauntlets before he could. Loki was pushed back with an agonized groan.
"Crystal, ma'am," Tony responded. "And might I thank you for ruining the moment?" Romanoff rolled her eyes.
"That wasn't one kiss," Steve pointed out.
His name was Thanos, commonly regarded as the "Mad Titan". Not much was known about him, other than his reputation for going from world to world, eliminating half it's population and leaving the survivors behind reeling in his wake. Just the simple mention of his name in some parts of the galaxy would strike fear in the hearts of millions. Loki was one of those millions. His heart slammed in his chest as Thanos got up, descended his throne, and walked over to Loki to regard him.
"You listen well, brother." Before Thor could continue with what he was saying, a streak of red and gold swooped in and flew off at a high speed, but not without taking Thor with him. Loki was left standing there staring at nothing but a cloud of smoke and dust.
Steve shifted positions to try and get a bit more comfortable and accidentally knocked his compass off the bed. Luckily, he caught it before it hit the ground and it suffered no damage. He flipped it open to make sure it was okay, though. It was the only possession he had left in the world, after all. When he opened it, he found himself faced with the image of Peggy Carter.
"Patience, Captain," Dr. Fox said. "Director Fury will be in to explain everything once you're good and rested. So, I'd take the opportunity to take a nap and catch up on some much-needed sleep." Steve heard the doctor turn and start moving towards the door. Steve had just one more question he needed to ask.
At first, Lara thought something was wrong with the TV, so she turned the volume up. That ended up not working, though as she cranked it up to a hundred and still no sound came out of the speakers. At least, from her perspective it wasn't. It took her another few moment to acknowledge that the sounds of the world were being drowned out by the sound of a thousand angels screaming at the top of their lungs directly in her ears. Wincing, she probed her ears for blood, but upon inspection only came back with earwax. Taking that as a good sign, she wiped her fingers off with her shirt before inspecting the remote for the button that turned on closed captions.
"I've been in prison for twelve years." He said. "I don't know how to use that." While Oswin rolled her eyes, the kettle started whistling in the kitchen.
"He should be fine," she said. "Come on, I'll show you where he's at."
"No, you don't," Rhodey asserted with all the confidence in the world. Tony was about to offer a rebuttal before JARVIS stopped him.
"It's because I always win." She smirked at that.
"Oh yes," Nina said. "She wouldn't shut up about him. The prick promised her some money if she helped him move some chemicals he bought, and not only did he not pay out, he also blew up her house! Can you believe it?"
"That doesn't make me feel better," Tony remarked. "Just say what it is."
Kidnapping: To steal, carry off, or abduct by force or fraud, especially for use as a hostage or to extract ransom. It is usually unlawful and/or against the person's will. Steve didn't
Feeling through the rest of her hair, Carol found it was only the first inch and a half or so that was singed. In annoyance, she started to pull and pick at the ends of her hair until the singed bits came out and crumpled away. She hoped it would make her feel more comfortable, but all it seemed to do was make her feel even grosser and look like a crazy person when the privacy curtain was pulled back and a woman stepped into the space.
"No," Tony said. "You still haven't said anything to convince me, so I think it's still justified." Natasha sighed.
"They have conference rooms available to rent out," she said. "I was thinking once we've had time to settle in, we can use one of these spaces to have our meeting."
"I'm not entirely sure," Lara admitted. "I was waiting for Cabe in the security office. All I know is that there was a bio-hazard on the first floor of the penthouse.
"I'm fine," he assured. "Outside of a few minor scrapes, nobody's hurt." Steve let out a breath of relief.
"Tony Stark?" A familiar voice said on the other end of the line. "This is Agent Coulson from S.H.I.E.L.D." Tony pulled the phone away from his face for a second to let out a curse.
Since the last author's note was monstrous, I'll keep this one short and sweet. Be sure to review, comment, leave kudos, favorite, and follow.
"Don't worry about that," Cranston quickly assured. "You can take that home to finish up and bring it back next session. I don't want to keep you if you need to be heading out of here real fast."
This was where the compromising position came in. Right off the bat, Tony noticed that none of the doctors had disclosed to Barton that the powder was likely Ebola and H5N1. That unnerved him a certain extent, mostly because it meant he knew something about Barton's health that Barton didn't know himself. Technically, that wasn't Dr. Smith's fault. The make-up of the powder was a threat to Tony's health, too, so it wasn't like she revealed private information. There was no HIPPA violation there. It wasn't against the law to figure out something for yourself.
"I'm sorry. He seemed like a good man." That was the truth of it. The few interactions he had with Agent Coulson were awkward at best, Steve could tell he was truly dedicated to the idea of helping and protecting people. That was enough in his mind to make the loss tragic. However, he could hear Tony scoff at that.
"I let my concerns for you cloud my judgment," Natasha explained. "I let my feelings drive my decision-making. I'm not supposed to do that. I'm
"James," she said. "Go to your room."
Fighting through his anxiety, Steve started to force the words out of his mouth.
"We won't," Tony said. "Which is why we have to go."
that teased 'Tony Stark's dark secret.'"
It didn't take long for Charles to figure out the button on top opened a secret compartment. He pressed it and the silvery-blue shard slid out. Confused as to what it possibly could be, he tried to pick it up by pinching it between his two fingers. What followed was completely mind-boggling.
Clint heard that clearly. The door in front of him flew open so hard, he was sure he could hear the hinges pop. A bunch of voices started shouting over each other. It was hard to make sense of what was being said, but he could clearly hear the words "Agent Romanoff" included somewhere in each sentence. Natasha seemed to ignore their protests as he heard her speak.
As the kid radioed his supervisor to let Tony through the door, Tony's cell phone began to play "Shoot to Thrill". Checking the caller ID, he saw it was Pepper and answered the call.
Everything looked as he remembered it, at first. They had cows grazing in the field and the other animals were in their respective pens, either lazing about or waiting to be fed again. Clint smiled and fixed his gaze on the farmhouse. He just knew Laura and the kids were inside, anxiously waiting for him to come home. Only a dozen or so yards separated him from his family. Clint ran as fast as he could to close that distance and make it home.
"Am I?" Fury questioned.
"I know," he said. "But I've made my way through public appearances while extremely ill before. It'll be a walk in the park."
The Avengers are off to D.C. to do some press, but it's clear something's brewing in the background.
"Steve, we
"Okay," he said.
"Why?"
"Yes and no," he said. "He knows I have well-founded fears of the mental health system, but I've never told him the nitty-gritty of it. What I heard… It was just awful. It was one of the few times I saw my mother cry. There wasn't much that could upset her, but what they were doing to the people there; what they were doing to
From that day Charles Elias Mozzarella ceased to exist. He would be reborn as the prophet of a new religious movement; Daniel Adoniram.
"I put him in the bedroom over there." Carol pointed it out to Jessica and the two of them went inside. There, they found that Stark had rolled over onto his side and had pulled the quilt and the blue blanket closer around him but was still out like a light.
"Roger that," Tony whispered back, knowing there was no way she was going to relent again. Through sheer force of will he tried to get his stomach to settle down. It wasn't entirely successful. There was probably nothing on Earth that would settle his stomach, at least until he was over the withdrawal symptoms, but that didn't mean that he still couldn't try.
"Yes," Steve nodded.
"I handled a serious situation the absolute wrong way," Lara said. "Of course, I am."
"Hey," he said.
"That sounds good," he said. "I'll make sure everything's set up beforehand."
"Does Tony know, though?" Steve looked down at Pepper's question.
"Absolutely."
"Just give it a little more time," Rhodey implored. "Tony will come out of there just fine and you'll see that there's no reason to fear for him." Slowly, Steve nodded.
"Now can we be done with all of this sappy bullshit?" Tony asked. "Because this detoxing thing has me really emotional and if I cry again, I'm going to be pissed."
"Schaffer, enough!" Pepper's voice reverberated off the walls. The board members turned their attention to her while Tony kept his gaze firmly on Schaffer. "None of this relevant to anything we are talking about. It's just a poorly veiled attempt to attack Mr. Stark. If you do not want to be ejected from this meeting immediately, I suggest you keep your opinion of Mr. Stark to yourself and keep all comments relevant to the topic at hand. Understood?" Tony shot the other man a challenging look.
"I'm sorry," he said. "But what does that translate out to?" Lara opened her mouth to answer, but Steve cut her off before she could even begin to speak.
The plan was simple. The S.T.R.I.K.E. team would enter through the front door, then split off into two groups. One would proceed to the second floor using the eastern stairwell, while the other would use the western one. The lab Subarian worked in was roughly in the center of the second floor, so the plan was to spread out and surround the lab from all sides, effectively blocking off all the possible exits. Natasha was the one tasked with making the arrest. Steve had to hold his tongue about his concerns. He just had to have faith that his teammate wouldn't do anything irrational.
Honestly, Natasha didn't know what to think. She knew Fury had his secrets, but to hide something like this; that there was another powered person out there who could have been an immense help against the Chitauri? What was he? Insane? S.H.I.E.L.D. was partially compromised. Stark had almost died taking that missile up into space. Coulson
"I know," Tony said. "I just can't seem to shake it."
leave the floor. There was just a problem with the elevator's control panel where you had to hold down the "close doors" button while pressing the button for the floor you wanted to go to. (They were going to fix it, but eventually, everyone got used to the small annoyance to the point where they didn't even notice it anymore and since the maintenance guys weren't under pressure to fix it, they let it slide by the wayside.) Apparently, this had been explained to him before, but he hadn't been paying attention. At the time, he was more concerned with switching between thoughts of how handsome Tony was and his general alarm at being attracted to someone else. Being able to escape in the event of a fire wasn't the first thing on his mind.
"Right," she said. "Well, you better get to it." She then walked out, shutting the door behind her. Tony turned to Steve, gently taking his hand.
"That's when he left?" Hill asked.
"Huh," Clint said. "That's surprising.
Originally uploaded to FFN on 7/6/18.
The limo started to slow down and the flashes of cameras started to seep through the tinted windows. Lara's mouth became a hard line.
"They let you read a book about picking locks in prison!" Oswin exclaimed and laughed at the same time.
"My God…" Audrey said in a soft tone filled with horror. Stephanie buried her face in her sister's side and sobbed long and hard.
Immediately, Tony was on his feet and racing into the bathroom. By the time he got there, though, the feeling had passed. For a few moments, Tony stood in the middle of the room, shaking. He kept waiting for the nausea to return, but it didn't. His heart pounded in his chest as he looked around the room and slowly lowered himself to the floor.
"It's okay," Bruce assured. "I didn't mean to startle you."
"Get in line," Rhodey said. "I've already called dibs on the first ten rounds."
what struck the tower." Natasha's face snapped into surprise. Carol gave Tony a slightly annoyed look, but he just shrugged. "There are eyewitnesses and security footage. No point in trying to hide it." Carol let out a relenting sigh.
"You're not going to find him if you're panicked like this," Natasha said. "You just need to focus on breathing for a few minutes, alright?"
"Why not?" The question was said slowly and carefully. Steve was not trying to come off, whiney, and demanding. Appreciating that, Tony took the time to consider the answer to that question.
"No," Tony admitted. "But I'll be back before she even notices."
Me: *sigh* You're lucky you're cute. *scratches cat*
"Can't say I don't agree with him, though," Lara said.
Originally uploaded to FFN on 10/5/20.
"Do you want to see how the media's responding to you guys?" she asked. "Or would you rather stay in the dark until you're better?"
They took a cab to Union Station. Although D.C. hadn't gotten snow in a few days, it hasn't gotten warm enough for the snow they already had to melt, either. As such, they didn't want to walk there, so taking a cab seemed like the best option, especially when you considered that Lara was wearing open-toed shoes.
"Bruce and I went to Union Station to get ice cream and almost got scammed by a cult." Hill, Natasha, and Clint gave the two of them strange looks.
"I don't have time for this," she said as she turned around. "Banner, restrain him." Clint scoffed at the notion.
Steve felt like he had screamed that in his mind for the millionth time that night. He tried to compose himself, but his answer still came out more nervous than it probably should have.
"Kind of impromptu," Tony said. "It leaves in a couple of hours, so I need to run everything down with you quickly and get ready."
Steve stared at him. Crime capital? When had that happened? How had he not known that? And he’d chosen to take them
Of course. This fucking hotel. Why didn’t Steve pick somewhere else? Anywhere else? If he had just sucked it up and asked Tony’s advice when he was planning this vacation, he could have avoided this in a heartbeat. All it would have taken was a three second search and Tony would have said, ‘nope, pick another hotel Steve, and call the local authorities while you’re at it’. Then Tony would be here now, probably sitting with his feet in Steve’s lap and looking at him with those impossibly warm brown eyes of his; the ones that just looked at you and
Steve fixed him with a look. Tony looked back at him belligerently. Steve knew he was pestering, and coming off as overbearing, but he didn’t like the thought of Tony all red and burnt and in pain. And he was the first to admit that when it came to Tony, he did get rather…protective. Who could blame him though? It was a knee-jerk reaction since Tony’s own survival instincts and general common sense when it came to standard things like eating, sleeping, and not putting himself in harm’s way appeared to be almost at nil. Sometimes he wondered how Tony would have survived if the rest of the avengers hadn’t moved in. He probably would have cooked up an evil AI or something by now.
When he closed his eyes that night his lumpy bed which smelled faintly of Doritos, he told himself it wasn't bad all things considered. He was here with family. All he had to do was hide his crush from Steve, hide everything else from everyone else, and things would be fine. Tomorrow could only be an improvement.
Okay, now Steve was slightly more concerned. He sent a group text saying he was going to look for Tony and Nat messaged back that she and Bruce would check the local hospitals, and Clint and Thor said they’d check out the beach and local malls. Steve started with the bar they’d gone to the other night. God it would be terrible if Tony had relapsed, but right now he just wanted to find him. Nothing could be more terrible than the sinking feeling in his gut the longer he went without hearing from him. It was that slow slide that your body picked up on before your brain. Because you knew something was wrong, you could feel it in your bones, but at the start you could convince yourself that nothing awful had happened, that there was a perfectly good explanation for all of this. But the longer it went on the more that feeling rose to the forefront of your hind-brain and insisted you took notice. That this wasn’t just a bad feeling you could shake off, oh no. Something
And once he was confessing his love, done blowing Steve’s foundations to rubble, done filling him with sudden shaking hope, Tony promptly passed out. Steve was too stunned to be mad about it. Though he was sure he’d be mad again later about Tony’s possible concussion.
“I could if I put my mind to it,” Tony sulked.
It was also wrong. Steve was his best friend, and Steve was asleep and didn’t know it was him. Who knew who he was dreaming about, but he hardly expected they’d ended up cuddling in the night as a part of Steve’s master plan to win him over. He definitely wasn’t worth that.
Perhaps you didn’t hear me when I said my friend is missing. His name is Tony, and I – we care about him very much. He is
(See the end of the chapter for
“I also think that when we get him out of this, you should tell him.”
“Getting a little friendly there, Cap.”
“He always insists it’s not a big deal,” Steve finished for her. Even when he was hurting.
Tony crossed his arms over his chest. “Hating something right now would.”
Tony’s fingers stroked over his where he had them wrapped around Tony’s waist. “Not your fault, Cap. Went to get ice – went to get fucking
“All I know is what’s on his reservation details, and that we took you because you stumbled on our operation, and we figured we’d take him out so no one would go looking for you but somehow he managed to survive when we set his room on fire. Pete was out back and he said he saw this psycho jump out a second-storey window like it was
“Do you want me to shut up or do you want me to tell you who this is, because I’m honestly confused here-”
“It’s not what you’re thinking-”
“I’m Steve Rogers, room two-oh-three. I’d like to review your security footage. My roommate, Tony, had gone missing and I haven’t been able to locate him.”
Nat moved directly into his line of sight, until he was forced to look at her, with her serious face and her pigtail plaits.
His dignity was never going to recover from this.
“I know.” He looked down. “I – I love him Nat.”
“Cut the snark, Captain sassy-pants. I know you too well for that.” Tony narrowed his eyes at him. “And for the record, you have worn far more embarrassing things than I have. So if this is an attempt at hiding away all this natural beauty? Not gonna work.”
I think it started with my nursemaid Bessie. Now Bessie, there was a real kick in the-”
“Uncle Iroh, all the way.”
“Okay let’s go people,” Natasha ordered, directing the boys to setting up the net and blowing up the volleyball. When it came to picking teams however, Tony bowed out.
She bared her teeth at him. “Don’t think we’re not going to talk about the fact that you’ve been sick and didn’t tell us Tony.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Leave a kudo or a comment if you liked~
“Tony…” Steve began hesitantly. He squeezed Tony’s captured hand between his own. “You know I’ve always thought the world of you-”
The next thing he knew, a pair of strong hands were unclipping his seatbelt and he was being dragged into Steve’s lap. He knew he should open his eyes, should protest the indignity and insist that he was an adult, he could sit in his own seat just fine, but he didn’t. He didn’t feel undignified, he just felt safe. Captain America’s arms wrapped around him felt a thousand times safer than whatever protection a flimsy seatbelt could provide. Steve tucked Tony’s head into the curve of his neck, and he inhaled. Though he teased Steve – long and loud and often – about smelling like apple pie and freedom, Steve mostly just smelled fresh; like whatever laundry detergent he used, with a slight hint of sweat.
“Thor, Hawkeye? Anything up there?”
“What…is
“Fanculo la mia vita,” he hissed, going rigid in his bed.
Bruce sighed. “Okay Pepper, can you keep looking into things on your end? We’ll let you know if we find out anything more here.”
And there you have it! I had this silly fluff piece sitting around in my WIP folder for ages and thought I should finally finish it. If you enjoyed, leave a kudo or comment xo
“So you…you didn’t mean it?”
Tony managed a rueful smile. “I may also be a bit tired. There’s a lot going on at SI at the moment.”
Natasha smirked.
“Someone has to keep you out of trouble,” he said. His voice came out deep and rasping. “Not that I’m doing such a great job of that, clearly.”
Only dimly aware of anything that wasn’t Tony in his arms, he relayed their position over the comms before turning his attention to Tony’s injuries. He was bloody, but most of it appeared to be bruising. There was a gash on his head and Steve was guessing he had concussion. He was holding his ribs funny enough that Steve bet they were bruised too. God, he had half a mind to go back for Greg and-
Fury looked at Steve, crossing his arms. “I didn’t say anything to you all when I had the hunch because I was pretty sure there was one last person involved…Loki finally fessed up whoever contacted him in the first place and let him back into Stark Tower the day of the lab explosion.”
“Because,” Tony grinned, “I must retain the softy parent,” he then pointed toward the outside of the car at Steve who was patiently waiting for them, “and the hard ass parent dynamic,” he then pointed to himself, “your dad knows the deal.”
Steve’s eyes widened from the accusation. “Buck, what the heck are you talking about?”
Steve’s eyes widened. “Really? How can we even do this if we don’t have control over the project? Also, the Synergy device—"
—who had broken into his lab that one time said about the obsolete chip with the embedded failsafe codes. He then mentally connected that to something he had missed in his dad’s schematics the last time he reviewed them at the resort.
“Tony, I understand…” He moved his hand up the length of Tony’s arm, “honestly, I don’t think I would be lying in your bed right now if I thought you weren’t a good parent…” He smiled back at Tony, noticing that the other appeared uneasy.
Tony smiled as he realized that Steve was letting him take care of him in some small way. “Of course, Steve. Should I call it now?”
“I’m getting
Peter groaned as he tried to grab Ned, but the latter had evaded his grasp by taking off toward the main entrance to the school building.
it’s because you keep treating me like a criminal.”
“Steve? Are you okay?” Sam sat down in front of him with his own mug.
“Um…,” Clint started in a low voice, leaning on Natasha, “are we still talking about the failsafe…?” He murmured, dragging out the words with cautious-laden bafflement.
Tony smiled wildly, feeling the warmest feeling inside. He typed back a reply before turning the screen off. He then turned over onto his back, trying to fall asleep, but all he could think about was Steve. He glanced at his phone before grabbing it again, tapping a few times until the message from Steve appeared. Tony stared at the message before hugging his phone to his chest before placing it back down on the table. He then turned back over on his side to face Steve’s usual side of the bed, still smiling.
“I’ve only really been in one serious relationship...” Steve shyly admitted, glancing away from Tony, turning pink right on cue.
“She doesn’t know who I am!” Tony vaguely exclaimed.
“Hi, J.A.R.V.I.S. Didn’t know you lived in Tony’s penthouse, too.” Steve grinned, now used to addressing the computer as if J.A.R.V.I.S. were human.
“Tony, I know we said we weren’t getting each other gifts this year because of the trip to Malibu and our recommitment ceremony, but I got you something.”
“Uh, Synergy has the ability to reprimand—replicate! Ugh, sorry…any material possible due to its vibranium core.” Steve managed to add as he watched the hologram simulate creating items.
Tony had held up a hand, shaking his head. “It’s okay.” He turned around quickly to walk toward a heap of a ruined console to avoid having Steve see that he was becoming upset.
“Okay, okay, thanks.” Tony quickly cut J.A.R.V.I.S. off who was still reading the email.
“Night, Peter.” Steve called after, feeling warm inside that he was getting along with Peter.
The team managed to treat everyone who was involved in the accident before Fury ended the simulation. Everyone on the landing, except Obadiah, clapped at the end.
“Uh, Quentin—”
Both Thor and Shuri nodded knowingly, but Clint sat up in the chair he was lounging in, looking extremely confused.
“Sorry I’m late. But you know the deal, Fury, when you asked me to work on this thing. I have other matters to attend to.” Tony smirked.
“I thought that, or…ugh…” Tony shook his head again as he tried to figure out what to say without further ruining the night, “it’s not meaningless to me, Steve…I’m…I’m just so fucked up right now, but we’ve always clicked when we were together…even through the rough times…and I haven’t been with anyone since you…” Tony trailed off as he rambled, not really sure how to explain himself.
“Tony, are you okay?” Steve asked quietly, using one hand to prop himself up so he can look down at Tony again.
Steve nodded, turning the ring around in the palm of his hand. He admired it once more before absent-mindedly slipping the ring on one finger. He glanced over at Tony who had been watching him the entire time.
Steve gawked at Bucky which prompted him to laugh uncontrollably again. He then patted Steve on the shoulder.
Thor stared at Steve before turning around somewhat to face the group.
“…but there might be something you never thought you would do that we could enjoy doing together…”
“What’s Dr. Banner talking about, Tony?” The words sounded so stern that Tony couldn’t even look Steve directly in the eye.
Tony rolled his eyes with a brusque laugh. “Everyone always says they’re worried about me when they should be worried about themselves.” He drained the half pour before slamming the glass on the counter. He then turned to march out of the kitchen.
Tony nodded slowly; the feeling he had earlier when he was on the bed with Steve appeared again and he couldn’t make up an excuse this time.
Steve shook his head. “Don’t know what?”
Thor straightened up in his chair as he decided on his next move. Ever since the lab explosion, Thor had an inkling that maybe Loki had something to do with it. Although he hadn’t heard from Loki in a while, ever since the team had received the list of mysterious numbers and figured out a possible connection to Thanos’s weapon, Thor knew he needed to try a different tactic with Loki to get him to talk. He knew he had been too harsh with him in the past.
“What?” Tony looked to his side, expecting to see Bruce. He grimaced before glancing behind himself to see instead an extremely annoyed Bruce far down the hallway.
Tony chuckled with relief as he saw that Steve had accidentally sent him the same message twice. He typed back a cute response—well he thought so anyway—before turning his phone off again. He resumed looking up at the ceiling with a silly smile on his face as he drifted off to sleep thinking about Steve.
“I have located Mr. Stark in his home office.” J.A.R.V.I.S. responded.
had a chance.
Tony turned around and kneeled to look slightly upward at the nine-year old.
Ned patted Peter on the shoulder as they gazed upward at the construction going on the school’s new gym. The building was nearly finished, which was good considering that it would be finished for state-wide science competition, but it was also marked by the three rather large and galling words: “Stark Athletic Center”.
“This chip has the failsafe codes embedded in it. I want you to be in charge of it.” Tony explained quietly.
Steve shrugged. “I don’t know, Mr. Stane. You tell me.” He then turned to walk briskly out of the conference room.
As Tony explained dinner, Steve, upon entering the kitchen, immediately spotted a small child standing on top a step ladder below the stove top, stirring something in a huge pot with a giant wooden spoon. Steve stopped short from entering; meeting Peter was now the real deal.
“Steve, we can’t take you
“Uh, yeah. I would like that.”
“Mr. Lieber, I presume?” One of the women, Lupho, held her hand out for Tony to shake.
But instead of offering any opinion or surprised response, Sam only nodded as he looked back down at his sheets of paper and Bucky only nodded before going back to his coffee. However, Steve could tell that his friends wanted to say something about him spending more time with Tony rather than getting to know Sharon better.
“I think it’s good for building team morale.” Thor cheerfully chimed in. He was taking up most of the space near the front where Fury and Bruce were crammed. Fury was practically pinned to the front against the table and Bruce was half sitting on the table and half standing.
“That leaves Rogers with Dr. Banner.” Steve smiled at Bruce who acknowledged him with a kind, yet nervous looking smile.
“Don’t feel stupid, Steve…I’ve done that so many times…” Tony smiled weakly at Steve.
Tony smiled to himself as he jogged after Peter.
Tony scrunched up his face. “No, I do not.”
“Even in fucking death, Howard Stark is obsessed with his image.” Tony slowly added, still looking downward.
As some other event guests emerged from the building, Obadiah straightened himself out, feigning the phoniest grin, before chatting with the guests.
“I, uh, well…” Tony began. Steve picked up on his tentativeness almost instantaneously. He reached out a hand to rub Tony’s shoulder.
Tony stood in place, now waiting for anyone to add to the conversation, but it appeared, after a moment of complete silence, that the conversation had ended. One of the women’s associates walked up to Tony, motioning for him to exit the room. Tony continued to smile before spinning around to exit the room. As soon as he was out in the hallway, the door slammed shut behind him, nearly knocking him off balance.
Steve smiled, but not too much in case Peter was over talking about art. “Really? I would like to see them someday.”
“No, Tony. I screwed up,” Steve’s tone turned serious again, “I was so concerned about trying to help you that I didn’t think to consider how you might react…I don’t know if you’ve noticed this about me, but I have a tendency to want to ‘rescue’, I guess, the people I care about…I know it’s annoying…Bucky tells me about it all the time.” He laughed louder this time, which Tony appreciated.
Tony laughed heartily. “Let’s not get
Steve walked to the bed with a rectangle shaped item covered in neatly wrapped wrapping paper.
Tony yawned as he scrolled through the data on his tablet. It had been a few days since their first simulation run through and he had barely slept. Actually, to be honest, Tony was too terrified to drift off to sleep; the painful memories associated with his recurring nightmare were too much to bear. And now all that anxiety had spilled back over into to his professional, and possibly dating life.
Steve watched Tony perk up at the comment, his expression working from emotion to emotion before settling on uncertainty.
At the sound of Tony’s weary sounding voice, Steve almost launched himself out of the chair he was sitting in next to Tony’s bed.
Steve cracked a slight smile as he slipped his hands into his pockets. “I guess someone needs to keep you safe.” He waved once more before turning to head toward the exit.
“It’s really great to see you, Tony, but I thought we were spending some time together tomorrow night?”
, Rogers. Don’t talk down to me, okay? Last time I checked, I was the one who hired
Steve looked over at Tony with a nod, immediately noticing that something was amiss about his lab partner’s demeanor. Tony seemed agitated and a little nervous. However, Steve couldn’t quite process it; he was also having an off day. He was having trouble focusing on the simulation while still agonizing over his dream about Tony.
Steve looked back at Tony who barely seemed present. Steve had wondered if there was something going on; that morning Tony appeared hardly responsive and edgy. Steve had figured his lab partner was having a rough day and decided not to press it.
“Okay, I would like that.”
“Why does it take the government so damn long to get anything done around here?” Tony repeated his usual line as he stood behind the holographic image. Steve was standing at the edge of the stage half-facing the crowd.
Steve, holding Loki with one hand while the rest of his body was outside of the car, glared at Thor.
“Hope you don’t mind. You might lose your mind if you only get to know me…well, you might anyway.” Tony grinned as he zoomed into a section of the device.
“So, what do you do?” Steve asked as he tried to process what he found off about Loki.
“Tony, just wait. Let’s see what Fury says before getting Obadiah involved. We might be wrong.”
“Well, then. It
Steve was standing next to the only bed, staring down at it. Tony joined him at the bed, now starting down at whatever had captured Steve’s attention. There, on top of the bed, was a teddy bear holding a giant red heart, snuggled on top of a bed of roses.
Steve smiled before shaking his hand. “Nice see you too, Mr. Beck.” Steve continued to smile, unaware of the awkward situation that had occurred only seconds before his arrival.
He walked up quickly to the console, producing an instrument he usually used to hack codes. He looked behind himself again, accidentally dropping the instrument on the floor, swearing loudly. He looked behind himself once more, waiting a moment before continuing to break into the device.
“Everything okay?” He heard Steve call.
“…fuck…” Tony gasped.
The space fell silent as the three contemplated the possibility. After a moment Tony clapped his hands together.
Tony coughed before looking briefly back at Fury, who remained still, but calm. Tony then turned to face the board.
“I’m sorry, I won’t joke like that in front of you. I didn’t realize it upset you so much…”
Steve laughed with a huge smile as he leaned downward to kiss Tony. In that moment, it felt as if all the tension between the two finally melted away. As Tony held onto Steve at the waist to draw him nearer toward his body, pushing upward slowly, that vulnerable feeling resurfaced.
Tony clapped his hands together, trying desperately to change the tone in conversation. “Okay, I’m going to see what more I can find out about these buyers.” He pulled out another tablet from his bag and handed it to Steve. “Why don’t you look through the building plans at the event, so we know our way around before we get there.”
Tony nodded as he looked down and away from Steve. Steve waited, not sure if he should add more.
Rhodey eyed Tony suspiciously before going back to what he was talking about before. Tony listened to Rhodey for a bit before excusing himself to go outside on the balcony.
“Wanna go back inside? I’m sure everyone is wondering where you went.”
Obadiah sighed as he spun around to face Fury. “Can’t you override the system?” His voice raised a little, but he still managed to sound unflustered, although a tad exasperated.
Bucky shrugged. “He just told me he wanted to talk.”
of June.”
. Tony groaned to himself as he gave Obadiah the most disingenuous smile.
“Is Howard your father?” Steve asked, almost muttering.
Tony slouched in the couch with his drink as he rolled his eyes. “Yeah, so? Relative to how long
Fury stepped toward the table. “Gamora, here, sent the team that list of sequences and the coordinates to the lab. Once we made the connection, we had to get her into productive custody since we know that Thanos is prone to eliminating loose ends." He turned toward Gamora who nodded back.
“Peter,” Tony patted Peter on the head after he let go of May, “why don’t you get your things together?” Peter nodded quickly as he dashed to his bedroom.
Tony stared at her. That was the understatement of the century.
Bruce rolled his eyes. “Come on, Tony. Really?”
Although everyone was concerned about Clint’s wellbeing, they all nodded or murmured in some form of agreement with Fury’s statement.
“Look, Steve. I don’t know why you’re being so hush-hush about your relationship with Tony. We
Steve wondered to himself, as he lingered a bit before turning over on his side to face away from Tony.
Obadiah rolled his eyes as he jogged to keep up with Thanos. “Thanos, your weapon can be sold to people who will pay more than you realize even for this. That’s what we agreed on. If you go any further—"
On top on bearing witness to Steve freaking out that Sam had caught them in bed, he had been beating himself up all weekend over falling asleep at Steve’s. Rhodey had been more than okay with staying late with Peter, but Tony was fearful of turning into his father. There had been countless times in his childhood where he had been left alone with a nanny when he should have been spending his formative years with his father.
The water splashed around as they held onto each other, their bodies grinding against another; Steve was trying to hold onto Tony as he pushed down, at one point almost losing his grip, but then Tony repositioned himself for a better hold.
Steve noticed that his friend’s usual content disposition had slowly morphed into a look of concern.
Tony pointed toward Steve. “I wanted to give you something nice and maybe embarrass you a little in front of your friends.” He winked before sauntering over to the grand piano, making a show of it as he settled in.
“Right away, Sir.” J.A.R.V.I.S. answered promptly.
“It’s been a while, Tony.”
Tony backed away a bit. “Ty, even if I
“No that didn’t go well at all. Well it did then it didn’t.”
Peter and Ned high fived each other before Tony handed Peter the tablet they used to control the robot. Everyone took a step back as Peter tapped a few times on the tablet. It took a second or two before the reactor in the middle of the robot’s chest lit up. The robot’s body dipped up and down, swerving side to side.
Tony nodded as he backed away awkwardly to give Steve some space, suddenly remembering that this would be the first time Steve visited him at his place since the party.
Tony laughed as he motioned with his hands to settle Peter. “Yes. I don’t know when he’ll stop by, but you might get to see him for a bit before going over to your aunt’s. He knows you’ll be here.”
Tony dropped his work bag down on the desk with a heavy sigh. “Well, you must be
I can save humanity by destroying it and rebuilding it again. It must be done. Humans are selfish, so they must be destroyed."
Later that evening after eating their home-made pizza and cleaning up the kitchen, Steve and Tony tucked Peter in his bed. They then spent some time out on the balcony before going to Tony’s bedroom.
“J.A.R.V.I.S. Play something for me, please.” Tony mumbled with a sigh.
“You know, I would not be surprised if you get hit on by one of your teammates. If that happens, your head will explode.” Bucky grinned.
To: Erik Selvig (
Steve rolled his eyes. “You better watch it, Tony. Not remembering someone’s name like that may come back to bite you.” But he laughed to show that he was being facetious.
Tony thought back to how elusive Steve had been about Sharon every time Tony mentioned her.
“Okay, let’s try standing up straight, shall we?” Tony chuckled as he held onto Steve before his lab partner toppled over. He gently pinned Steve up against one of the inside walls of the private express elevator in Stark Tower, resting a hand on the small of his back. Steve giggled; the usually moderate drinker was reeling from the number the Jörmungandr had done on his constitution.
was fucking hot.”
Steve hugged Tony as he gently pressed up against his lips. After a few seconds, Tony finally eased up and kissed Steve back. Eventually, the mounting sensuality of the kiss between them caused Tony to break away, still holding on to Steve’s arms.
Although he had told Steve to leave him alone, Tony thought Steve would have at least tried to call him. It got to the point to where Tony would turn his phone off during the day yet impatiently check it in the evening, thinking Steve had finally called him or sent a message. But as each day passed with no word from Steve, Tony fumed and now Obadiah was making moves to take control of Synergy.
Tony reminded himself.
Shuri chuckled as she finished gathering her things. She reached out her hand first to Tony then to Bruce.
“Tony!” He repeated, “...are you all right?” Steve hesitated before putting his hands on Tony to turn him over.
Tony grinned. “Was it okay?” he repeated, “that was
Tony sighed before mustering up a genial expression he usually saved for fans. He turned around to face whomever had addressed him.
“Okay, help yourself. Our dining room is too big for three people, but Peter and I are putting on airs for you, Rogers.” He turned around to address Steve with a smile.
started seeing someone else?”
Steve, face bright red, shook his head. He hadn’t thought about the possibility of becoming romantically involved with anyone on the team. To him, Synergy was only about helping people on a national and global scale, not a hook-up scene.
Tony sighed as he rested his hands on his hips. “What’s up, Banner? You wanted to show me something?”
Tony watched Steve approach him, too paralyzed to really go elsewhere. Steve continued toward him until he finally reached the table. He smiled slightly before holding out a hand.
“End simulation.” Fury called as he reappeared above the team, hanging his head as the house disappeared. The tablet Tony had thrown onto the simulated couch dropped to the metallic arena floor with a loud clack.
“Yeah, I know, but we have to switch elevators to get up to the penthouse.” Tony smiled sweetly at Steve, caressing his cheek before dragging them to the opening of the elevator.
“We just received this, sir.”
bad at dating…” Bucky laughed to himself which eased Tony. He could tell that Bucky was trying.
“I think you sold everyone with your presentation, Tony. But the faces were
Tony rolled his eyes, making a move to walk away from Bruce. “I really don’t know how that relates to Synergy, but we’re fine.”
“Tony, I’m sorry…it won’t happen again…” He whispered.
Tony sighed. “It’s not just because of Synergy…” he stopped for a moment to look downward at his feet, “…when we were at the house…Steve found one of my dad’s diaries…I told him to throw it out, but he kept it and read it instead…”
“Jesus, Banner.”
Steve stepped forward to prevent Tony from trying to grab Thanos. “Why did you go through all that trouble to damage the Synergy device when you needed it to build your weapon in the first place?” He stepped in front of Tony to keep him behind him, “and why have Loki almost destroy it in the lab explosion?”
Steve backed up against the edge before sitting down. Tony then gently pushed him further onto the bed so that Steve was now lying down. Tony laid down on top of Steve as he kissed him.
“Tony, oh my god.” Steve let out as he tightened his hold on Tony. Tony held on, grinding downward, gasping and moaning.
Fury clasped Tony’s shoulder. To Tony, it felt like the grip was on the verge of crushing it, but Fury only held on tightly. Even so, the feeling made Tony squirm.
“Do you two need any help?” Steve asked, putting his hand on Tony’s shoulder as he approached the stove.
helping people, Tone. It’s in your DNA.” Rhodey joked as he flipped through the discarded file.
Steve winced; he hadn’t expected Tony and Peter to involve him in their project. He also wasn’t sure how he would be able to contribute.
Tony chuckled. “Peter’s been talking about asking you to be in this thing for a while now.” The comment made Peter’s face turn beet red.
“We’ll tell the board that the core was destroyed in the lab explosion.” Tony added before finally turning around to look back at Bruce and Shuri.
Tony watched her, feeling somewhat thankful that Shuri cared about him, although it was becoming frustrating that everyone did have their own opinions about his relationship with Steve when he was still trying to figure out what he wanted from Steve.
“Tony…I really…don’t understand…” Steve paused, “…why you don’t…trust me…”
Steve crossed his arms as he glared at Tony. “What, Tony?”
Clint was there to celebrate after a forced leave of absence due to his injuries and Fury was almost ready to let him return to his full tasks with Natasha. Bucky was in town to train for his new assignment; he and Sam had watched a live stream of the presentation in Berlin with the others at the restaurant as they waited for the rest to arrive.
“And!” Tony sat up straight, waving his drink around as he almost splashed some on Bruce, “Natasha was giving you eyes while Barton was singing!” He nearly shouted. Both Tony and Bruce made another face at each other before ensuring that Natasha was also out of ear shot of their conversation.
Steve grinned before sending an affirmative response. Although Sam had complained a few times about Tony’s behavior following the first failed simulation, Steve knew his friend had been secretly hoping to meet Tony.
“How is everything so far?”
Bruce sighed as he dipped his eyeglasses downward. “Yeah…I have no idea what the hell I’m looking at, Tony…”
They were silent the entire walk over, yet still holding hands. As they entered their building, Tony accessed the elevator to their suite, stepping to the side to let Steve in first. Steve stepped inside the elevator, turning to hold the door open for Tony.
a softy parent, Tony. Steve agrees with me,” he retorted, “remember how worked up you were about that trip to Venice?”
Steve laughed as he leaned inward to kiss Tony again. Tony scooted downward in the bed as Steve laid down on top of him.
To say that Thor had an interesting place, would be a disservice to Thor and his place. Any visitor would have certainly believed they had been transported to a Viking lodge; it would have been tough to debate whether Asgard were a myth after experiencing such a set up.
Steve watch Tony slowly rock back and forth on his heels. Steve could hear him breathing deeply as if he were doing breathing exercises.
Steve shook his head again. “That’s okay. I’ll take the subway. Thank you, though.”
Tony hung his head low, now unable to stop tears from streaming down his face. He leaned over the console, crying to himself.
Tony stepped forward. “Listen, Thor. I want to find your brother just as much as you do. However, we need to figure out a plan. That’s the only way.”
Tony waited before it became clear that Steve had ended the call. He nearly dropped his phone as he looked hurriedly around the kitchen, not really sure what to do next as he tried to process what he would say to Steve once they saw each other. Without really thinking, Tony ran to his bedroom, ruminating on whether he should change his clothes, but decided against it. Tony then jogged back to the kitchen, thinking he should probably prepare some sort of a snack plate for the two of them, but then decided against that as well, telling himself that such a move might make it look like he wasn’t taking the moment seriously.
the private one. One of his employees entered the elevator with a heavy yawn before recognizing he was an elevator with Tony.
Tony leaned backward in his chair as he considered the thought of his friends discussing his personal life behind his back. Was he upset by it? No, not really. Actually, it was kind of nice that his closest friends were looking out for him on a daily basis. He was only a little irritated with himself for being so obvious again.
Steve nodded back as he let Bucky drag him toward Sam and some in-laws. Tony watched them leave before looking around the space. A few guests were dancing and eating while some had congregated outside closer to the water.
“I can’t believe we’re getting to see the Synergy device in action...” The intern had loudly whispered to the nurse, earning a grimace considering how grave the situation was.
Steve swallowed a lump in his throat as he nodded back at Tony. “It’s all right, Tony. I think I need some down time, too.”
“Sign in.” The security guard at the desk used her pen to point toward a sign-in sheet on the counter.
“It means,” Bruce sighed, “one of us will need to go back down there and set the device straight, or it won’t generate the denotator before Thanos's weapon explodes…”
Sam was sitting at Steve and Bucky’s kitchen table, leaning over several sheets of paper that comprised his wedding plans with Shuri.
“Well you would know better than me, but don’t give up yet. Even if it doesn’t work out with Steve, you’ve seemed a lot happier lately. That’s something to be proud of.” He smiled at Tony.
Steve made a slight noise, turning his head away from Tony, obviously embarrassed.
Tony laughed as he walked past Steve to get to the console. “Not yet, Cap. I need to calibrate the suits before testing it with the system software. Just hang tight.”
“I think it would be good to host an event for the board soon, maybe at the end of the month—” Tony groaned loudly, but Pepper continued, “—just to show that there aren’t any hard feelings between you and Obadiah.”
“Cheers, Sam. And thanks.”
Steve stood paralyzed with horror as the whole scene unfolded before him. Should he wait to go in? Where would he wait? Should he make sure Tony didn’t accidentally kill himself? But before Steve could gather himself, he heard a couple knocks on the glass. It was Tony.
“Sam’s here…” Was all Steve could say, totally paralyzed.
Tony swiveled back and forth in his desk chair. He shuffled through his notes as he tried to concentrate on his work, however his thoughts kept returning to his brief interaction with Steve in the lab. Their time together had been a lot more pleasant than he had expected. Also, Tony had been extremely impressed with Steve’s quickness at picking up the tech.
“There it is.”
“Where are you going?” Tony half-whispered, half-shouted after Steve, trying to get him to slow down by gently grabbing him by the arm but the other had yanked it away defiantly.
“Because…” Tony began but struggled finding the right excuse. Peter continued to watch him, waiting for an answer. Tony turned to look at the drawer with the letter before looking back at Peter. He quickly looked away, eyes scanning the room as if searching for a logical answer, but he came up short.
“Are you okay, Tony?” Steve whispered against his ear.
Tony was standing over a pile of uncleared debris in his lab, trying to calm himself down.
“That’s not fair,” Tony teased, “Steve’s always on your side, Parker.”
Once the elevator stopped on the level where the Synergy labs were located, Tony bolted out into the corridor, jogging toward Bruce’s lab.
Tony pulled a small device out of his pocket and clicked a button. The propellers on the helicopter began spinning; it almost felt like they were in a war zone with the surge of adrenaline that shot through Steve at the sight. He immediately got his wits about him as he hustled after Tony, ducking his head as soon as he reached the helicopter.
“Remember when,” Pepper began again, “I told you to talk things through whenever you can? You should be having that conversation with Steve right now instead of parsing through something that’s really nothing….”
Steve thought for a moment. He sighed as he settled on giving Tony the benefit of the doubt. However, Steve now understood what everyone seemed to be referring to when discussing working with Tony; the man was impulsive and insistent. He took another deep breath before entering the lab.
Steve continued to rub Tony before unbuttoning Tony’s shirt slowly, slipping a hand underneath the fabric of his shirt to feel his skin. Tony moaned softly as Steve rubbed and pinched his nipples with both hands before using one hand to rub his body as the other kept feeling his chest. Tony pushed his body into Steve’s, rocking forward and back, moaning quietly from Steve feeling him.
Tony straightened up with a grin. “Nice try, kid. You were supposed to do that anyway.” He reached over to ruffle up Peter’s hair who groaned over Tony messing up his hair and that his bargaining proposal fell flat.
The crowd around the stage audibly “ooed” and “awed” as the faces changed again.
The security guard gave him the once over before looking through a series of unclaimed badges in front of her. She finally found Steve’s before handing it over. She pointed to the sign-in sheet again.
“Well, I’m very happy for you, Anthony. This one
Sam wasn’t as careful with it as Steve had been when he first discovered the envelope that morning after his usual run. After some careful consideration, he decided to wait for Sam to get back from work so he wouldn’t be alone if it contained a letter of regret.
Steve nodded to indicate that he was also close, hugging Tony’s body with both hands as he began to grind faster against his body. Tony gasped then groaned as he came, prompting Steve to do the same. Steve stayed on top of him, letting his body convulse a little as he came on Tony’s stomach.
“MMMMMmmmmmmMMM!” The robot let out again as the arc reactor glowed strangely. But before anyone could react, the robot turned swiftly to the side, knocking into the table next to it.
Tony squatted to mess up Peter’s hair who made small noises of protest.
"I don't think Lara would have gone for it either," she said.
Seeing as the cake was already paid for, no one saw any harm in digging into it anyways. Steve was glad when he saw Tony reach for a piece. Sugar probably wasn't the best thing to throw on top of alcohol, at least he was getting food in him. The rest of the meeting went smoothly with mostly everyone enjoying the cake (though, it came off as too sweet to those with enhanced senses), Lara looking at the food longingly, and Freeman going over the basic dos and don'ts of interacting with the press. They finished up in just under two hours and as they walked back to their room, Steve began to try to talk Tony into taking another nap.
"Hold on," Oswin said. "It's probably safe to take my phone out now." Once again, there was a blur of motion as she pulled the phone out of her pocket and turned the camera on herself. He was greeted by the image of her smiling face. "Hello again."
"Well," he said slowly, pausing for a moment to swallow hard. "As you know, this past week didn't go as planned…"
Natasha squeezed her eyes shut. Stark was perfectly sober and yet she still was getting nowhere with him. She could start to feel a headache forming behind her eyes.
"Yeah, we'll be fine." Pepper nodded and promptly left, disappearing down the halls.
"Ask for her number, you moron." Steve didn't know how to respond to that, but luckily an answer came to him in the form of the chiming of his cell phone. He quickly opened the device to his inbox to see that he had a new text from Tony.
"Sure," he said. "What is it?"
"Fine," she said. "I'll get you a cheeseburger, but in exchange for that, you have to let me do this."
"I could go to Target and get some stuff to keep us entertained," Lara offered. "You know, like games or whatever."
"In the morning," he reciprocated.
The sheets and bedding were very non-descript, plain white; the kind you would see in your average hotel room. The shine of the silk that the duvet was made up of was the only clear indication of luxury that could be seen. Well, at least from that angle. The man squatted down to retrieve what looked like a vent cover resting on one of the pillows before straightening up again. Then, the screen went black again.
Happy then pulled the door open from the outside and Tony stepped out into a world that solely consisted of bright camera flashes and forty different versions of "Mr. Stark!" People tried to reach around the metal barrier to try to get a handful of the billionaire playboy philanthropist and reporters shouted out a myriad of questions that all seemed to blur together with the cheers of the crowd. Tony took it all in stride; smiling, waving, and making remarks that he could barely hear. Before he knew it, he had safely made his way to the backstage area and he could finally breathe again.
"Yes."
However, at that moment he had nothing to keep him disconnected. He had already checked the cabinets when they came in, before Steve had whisked him off to the bedroom for a nap. No complementary wine and nothing else alcoholic whatsoever, just bottles of sparkling water that cost twenty bucks a piece. There was Listerine in the bathroom, but Tony didn't consider himself that desperate. At least, not yet. To distract himself, Tony opened his phone and began to look through the Ultron project files. Some mindless coding was probably just what he needed to calm his paranoid mind.
"Yeah," Bruce said. "Not only is the dog joining us for dinner, but I think she's going to take Lucky home with her." Lara scoffed at the suggestion.
"How so?" Steve asked.
"I'm fine," Tony panted out. "I'm fine."
"Okay," he said. "Will you help me look?" Natasha smiled.
"Okay," he said. "Now I need to get that out of my mind. What were you saying?" Lara let out an aggravated sigh.
"Still, it worked," Oswin said. "You've got to give yourself credit for that, though. Wait… How did you know all of that stuff about the codes if you only guessed that one at random?"
Remember kids, just get some proper sleep. It really does wonders.
"Just worrying is all." Tony frowned and pulled his hand back.
"Oh, there's my room," Betty said, gesturing to a door that was now only a few feet ahead of them. The number on it matched the one on the sheet Hill had given them. Crossing the distance, they both came to a stop outside the door.
The first kiss was chaste, but then they went for a second, and a third, and after that Tony lost count. The kisses were so heated and passionate that they seemingly melded into one another. Steve's hands roamed all over Tony's body, squeezing and grabbing onto whatever they could. Tony let out a distinct moan of pleasure. All thoughts of anything other than Steve left his mind. A layer of sweat began to form on his increasingly heated body. The friction was intense. He could already feel himself getting…
Then JARVIS' voice came through the speakers.
"Of course." Pepper started making her way to the door. "Bye Steve," she called over her shoulder. If I don't see you again, have a safe trip."
"This woman told me there was an explosion at your house! She said you were dead!" Nina began sobbing so hard, Oswin didn't think she could breathe. She moved her hands to Nina's shoulders and spoke in a gentle tone.
"That's all?" he heard Romanoff ask.
"I was already awake," he said. "So, if you were going to try to prank me…"
"No ma'am," he said, slowly backing off. "That'll be all. I'll just start drafting a statement we can give to the press when we're allowed."
Before he left, though, he did run into Betty one last time and they chatted for a bit until she had to leave to get on her flight back to Virginia. During their conversation, Betty asked if she could have Lara's number. Apparently, she thought it might be weird for her to get invited to a stranger's wedding, so she figured that they should talk and get to know each other beforehand. Bruce saw no problem with that and sent Lara's contact information to Betty over text. Shortly after that, they parted with Betty catching her flight back home and Bruce going back to the Tower.
"Regardless of what it is or is not, it still presents a hazard to the well being of your daughters." Knežević scoffed at that.
"And this is free?"
"No promises, Romanoff."
you going to be doing?"
"Next to nothing. They just asked me if I agreed with a bunch of vague statements and told me I was depressed. I walked out of there before they could sell me anything." She sighed. "That wasn't as fun as I was expecting, but at least I didn't get told anything that I was afraid of hearing."
"The maid," he explained. "She's the only other person here. I'm going to get some blankets to help start warming you up. Do you need anything?" Tony shook his head.
"I won't," Steve said. "But still…" Tony sighed.
she exclaimed in her head.
"Uh," Lara said, trying to find the right words in English. "Not… Panicking?"
"Alright," Steve said warily. "What's this plan?"
Slowly coming to, Carol couldn't help the flash of panic that came over her as her unfamiliar surroundings came into focus. Thinking for a moment that this could be another instance of memory loss, she forced herself to calm down by taking deep breaths. Once she was breathing easier, she took herself back to the last things she could remember.
Lara hit the send button before she could think about the message too hard. She didn't want to sound too much like she was prying, or that she wanted Bruce to take her along. After all, if he didn't, it would just come off like she was fishing for an invitation and she didn't want to make Betty feel like she had to invite her. That would be incredibly rude. Plus, she didn't want to make it seem like she was interested in Bruce, especially since the last thing she should be doing right now was dating. She had a feeling that if she added that ball to the twenty-seven that she was already juggling, she'd drop them all.
"Noted," Lara said. "But seriously, don't storm off like that. We're on a tight schedule you know."
He was going over the evidence report once again. He had it memorized word-for-word, but he was still afraid he missed something. The saying "insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results" was flashing through his mind when the phone rang.
"I didn't tell the kids you were coming," she said once she was calm again. "I wanted it to be a surprise, especially since you were going to bring the dog. I just couldn't wait to see their faces light up when they saw you… The kids are doing fine, by the way. It's sloppy joe day in the cafeteria at school, so Conner's excited, and the teacher at Leah's daycare let it slip that they're going to be finger painting today, so you should be getting yet another crudely painted picture of a butterfly while I get a paint-stained toddler to clean up."
"Nothing," he eventually came out with. "It's probably just irrational paranoia."
"Romanoff, I think you need to back off a little bit," he said. "I think he might be having a panic attack."
"Well, I can easily see the Bangles driving anyone crazy." Lara glared at him.
"How can you be sure?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sir, are you sure?" JARVIS asked. "I don't detect any faces at the timestamp indicated."
Steve tried to come up with a reasonable explanation, but all he found was a whole lot of nothing. His emotions were running higher and faster than he had ever experienced before. It felt like the world was closing in on him. He needed to get away. It was becoming too much.
"I hope you're right," she said, keeping her gaze locked in front of her.
Natasha moved as swiftly and silently as she could. She could tell Clint had noticed her presence a while ago but waited until she was right behind him to whip around, an arrow positioned to fly from his bow. Natasha had anticipated this, grabbing ahold of the bow and stepping out of the way as he fired. She tried to disarm him by twisting the bow out of his grip, but that only earned her a punch to the stomach.
After getting into a fight with Steve, Tony left their room and was subsequently kicked out of the hotel after he crashed a party. Steve doesn't know that and thinks Tony is asleep in the bathroom.
"I'm fine," Tony assured while wincing slightly at the dark reference. "I have a little bit of a cold, but I'll live. Just need to take a shower before I have to catch my flight."
Rhodey picked the phone back up and tried dialing Tony again. To his displeasure, he just got the same message from JARVIS. Frustrated, Rhodey next called Happy Hogan – Tony's chauffer – to see if at least he had heard from Tony at all.
They were lying in bed, together, again. (It wasn't like it could be helped this time. Steve only had the one bed after all.) All they were really doing was talking… And kind of cuddling… Not that either of them brought attention to that fact or even admitted that's what happened, but still, it was rather nice. Probably a little too nice as Steve apparently let his mind get carried away. At one point, Tony shifted forward and it brought his face tantalizingly close to Steve's. Steve could have sworn that Tony was going to go in and try to kiss him, but at the last second, Tony pulled back, leaving Steve lying there red-faced and confused. Tony didn't say anything about it afterward or the next day, so Steve just had to assume he was just reading too much into things.
"Maybe not," Steve said. "But any insight you could give as to what you were thinking, and feel would be appreciated. Plus, it would probably help to talk about it. What do you think?"
"It is not," Lara said. "It's mostly doctors hooking up with and
"Sixty-five years." The shock hit Steve instantaneously. He gripped at his chest as the air in the room started to thin.
However, in the fall out of his umpteenth near-death experience, he realized how much his actions had hurt the people around him, especially Pepper. So, in the weeks following he tried to be at least more honest with her if anything to amend and restore their friendship to where it was before. He no longer had intentions of pursuing a romantic relationship with her. He couldn't, not after what she said to him.
"Have you talked to Stark about this?" Natasha asked.
"Gee," Clint said between hacks. "I didn't realize that. Thanks for the helpful advice." Natasha rolled her eyes before her attention was taken away by the other end of the line picking up.
"If you wanted to answer questions without an attorney present, you do
"That's what Pepper said," Stark noted. "It's also why I had to promise that if I knew I was dying again, I would tell her."
"Yeah." Tony leaned up and gently pressed a kiss against Steve's cheek. "Goodnight, Steve." Steve quickly responded by placing another nice, soft, chaste kiss against Tony's lips.
"Yes," Steve said.
"Could someone survive that?" Natasha demanded to know.
Tony looked back at Steve. When their eyes met, he saw something in Steve's eyes that he hadn't before; hurt and disappointment and (amazingly) Tony knew right away that it wasn't directed at him. Tony's mouth formed a tight line.
Steve thought.
"What do you want?" Clint tried to look as innocent as possible.
Originally uploaded to FFN on 9/22/20.
"And if someone is missing and someone else knows where they are, then they're supposed to
She knew "Code Gray" as it got called often; it signaled a combative person somewhere in the building and an extension of that was "Code Silver" – a combative person with a weapon. "Code Green" was a situation involving the Hulk and she only remembered that because Tony and Bruce sat her down shortly after the Battle of New York to explain to her what she should do if she found herself caught in the middle of such a situation. Luckily, that hadn't happened (
"Shit," Stark remarked. "I know Steve's wary around doctors, but I don't think even he would go that far."
"That's simply not going to do," he said. "The press wants answers now."
"I didn't taste it myself," Tony said. "But I'm sure Bruce learned his lesson from the first time he made us curry." That lesson being Super Soldiers with enhanced taste buds and exotic spices don't mix. "I wouldn't worry about that. Besides, you're glazing over the important part." Steve raised an eyebrow.
At first, the intruders resisted only with words. By Lara's guess, they were demanding Wallace to get the elevators operational for them. Likely, Wallace refused, and he was struck on the back of the head with the butt of one of the agents' rifles. The blow didn't knock him unconscious, but it clearly took a lot out of him as his left hand went to protect the spot that had been hit while his right hand supported him as he leaned over in a kneeling position. Lara narrated the events to the 911 operator, who put in a request for an ambulance along with the police back-up, which according to the operator, should arrive momentarily. That ended up being too long.
the resort staff forgot to change it at the last minute. But just tell Sam and they’ll fix it, dude.”
Hammer rolled his eyes but ordered anyway before turning to face Tony directly. “So, what do you want to know, Stark? You already poached a few of my people and don’t think I didn’t notice that you managed to convince the sister of Wakanda’s King to join your team.”
Steve carefully turned onto his back. Tony began snoring loudly, squirming a little until his body went completely still. Steve watched him settled until he turned his head to stare at the ceiling. He scolded himself once more before squeezing his eyes shut, trying to succumb to sleep, feeling dejected.
“…may I suck on your cock?” Steve let out without wavering.
“Tony?”
Tony shrugged. “I vacation there sometimes. But of course, it wouldn’t be a good idea to go there now. You know with trying to stay low while spying on international dealers and what not.” He waved his hand around.
“Check to make sure that earpiece is working properly. Would hate to be out in the field and they start malfunction—”
Both Steve and Tony hopped into the employee express elevator to get to the mezzanine level with the helicopter.
see you tomorrow.” Tony made sure to clarify with emphasis.
“Rogers.” Tony placed the device down on a table before rounding it to walk over toward Steve. He stopped a few feet in front of him.
“Little bit higher.” Rhodey held one hand to his ear.
Bruce stayed silence before continuing. He was leaning against a table, mimicking a thoughtful pose.
Tony lingered near the elevator as he thought about this event. It would be an absolute nightmare to put on given that the team was already swamped. But then, as he roamed around the penthouse for a bit, checked on Peter, and readied himself for bed, Tony began to think that maybe the event could serve another purpose: he could probably use it to get closer to Steve.
“Rogers, hang back for a second.”
Steve nodded. “Well…someone’s gotta keep you safe, Tony.”
“I made out with Steve when we got back to my place after the party…” Tony let the words drag out as he continued pouting at the desk.
“Jesus, Rogers. I can’t believe I’m about to admit that the last safety uniforms did
Tony was in his autopiloted helicopter on his way back into the city, thankful he didn’t have to pilot the damn thing because he was too upset about Steve.
“Also…” Tony started up again, feeling some sense of further relief, “I’m sorry Peter isn’t here today…I’m never going to hear the end of it when he gets back home tonight.”
“Sir,” J.A.R.V.I.S. began, “Mr. Rogers is in the lobby.”
Steve nodded, still smiling, so much so that it was easy to forget that he and Tony hadn’t spoken to one another since their breakup and that he was kind of seeing some else at the moment.
His heart had long stopped racing from nerves; it was now racing with excitement and possibility. He felt a hand caress his shoulder again. He looked over to see Tony smiling at him.
Everyone grabbed their bags as the cabin door opened. They piled out to find T’Challa standing some ways away from the plane, flanked by his personal bodyguards. With a broad smile on his face, T’Challa was reaching his arms out, wearing a demure set of traditional Wakandan robes.
“Tony, hold on.” Steve let go of Tony before racing after Thor.
Under each printed name was a very distinct signature. Steve stared the longest at Tony’s, wondering to himself what the tech giant was
“I think you should leave.” Steve responded sharply as his voice lowered.
Another reporter managed to wedge herself past Happy’s waist, awkwardly holding up her tape recorder but with fortitude.
nothing for your ass.” Tony persisted.
Since childhood, Steve and Bucky had always been close. They graduated high school together, attended nearby universities for undergad and entered the army together. Steve stayed in the hospital with Bucky when he lost his arm after a combat mission. Bucky had taken bereavement leave to visit Steve after the latter’s mother died from cancer following his first year of law school.
“…this is probably the reason why it’s taken me so long to be in a serious relationship…or even make one work…” Tony admitted, looking away from Steve as he forced down the sob in his throat again before turning to look directly at him again.
Steve held his hand out toward Strange. “Thanks for all you’ve done, Doctor. Tony’s been telling me that you’re the best.”
.” He answered causally.
The scientist shook his head quickly. “No, sir.”
After some time, Tony slowly closed the diary, glancing upward at a wall clock to see that he had been reading for a few hours. He looked back down at the diary before slowly getting out of the chair to sink to the floor. Tony couldn’t believe that his father never told him how he felt. He clutched the diary to his chest, feeling his face becoming flush as tears started to stream down his cheeks. He wiped his eyes, but then he began to cry hysterically from the pain.
Tony keep rocking upward as Steve could feel himself getting hard from sucking on Tony. He pressed his body further downward in the bed, rubbing himself as he kept squeezing and licking. Tony kept one hand in his hair as the other met Steve’s hand on his body, caressing it as he pushed his hips forward.
“I think what I miss the most about being with someone is the feeling of being absolutely vulnerable.” Steve offered as he placed his hands on the table. Tony could feel the tone in the conversation seriously shifting.
“…would you like to get lunch tomorrow? Like with me, I mean. I’ll treat ya…” Tony was crossing his arms again; his expression was sheepish which caught Steve off guard.
Pepper nodded slowly as she made a move to exit the conference room. As Tony followed her out, he reached out a hand to gently stop her before she could leave the room.
“…hey…I brought you some things…” Tony said softly before rummaging through the bag.
Steve nodded before answering. He could sense Tony slowly disengaging himself from the conversation.
the time. It’s been a little less since he started seeing Sharon, but I can tell he misses you, Tony. You really did a number on him.” Sam explained quietly.
Despite protests from the group, Tony finally decided that it was better not to pursue another project since Synergy was such a failure, and Steve hadn’t seen Tony since the team disbanded. There were many times Steve thought about texting or calling Tony, but he found it too painful and confusing in the beginning to follow through.
Obadiah rose from the table. “Thank you for keeping us in the loop, my boy.” He began as he poured himself some more coffee.
Steve, ever since becoming close to Tony and working well with his team, staunchly believed in Synergy's importance and ability to actually save lives. While he agreed that the device should be at its safest, he feared that the program would be terminated if the team didn’t press forward.
Tony blamed himself.
Tony clapped his hands. “Radio!” He then turned around to face Bruce to continue their conversation. Bruce looked even more sad and confused than Tony had left him.
Steve inhaled deeply before continuing. He moved a hand to rub Tony’s chest.
The restaurant Pepper chose to have dinner seemed like a decent enough spot. It was an old Italian restaurant that wasn’t too far away from Stark Tower and not too crowded. Tony appreciated the gesture on Pepper’s part. Even though he was really only popular in the tech world, Tony would still get recognized on the street from time to time, mostly by tech bros emulating his style. Or trying to anyway.
Steve frowned. “Tony! That’s not funny. I thought you were going to hurt yourself.”
Fury looked directly at Tony and Bruce. “This can’t happen again,” he wagged a finger in their direction, “just fix it expeditiously
“Steve?” Tony stayed in the shower, “what’s wrong?”
“I have to make sure someone can watch Peter for me for a few hours, though.” Tony pulled out his phone, still smiling weakly. Steve wasn’t sure, but it looked like maybe Tony was grateful for the invite.
“Hold on, Rogers.” Tony repeated.
“Okay, ‘jumped’ was probably not the right choice of word. I was just teasing you. You were very nice and polite, despite being hammered—uh, well, that was until we got back to the penthouse. You were all over me.”
“…so…uh…” Tony started, looking down at his hand which was now on top of Steve’s other hand before looking back up at Steve, “…it doesn’t sound like you and Sharon are serious…”
Tony let out a sigh. “That and everything else bugging the shit out of me.” He glanced quickly as Steve with a feeble smile.
“Chaos? Explosions? Intra-company turmoil? No this isn’t a segment on the newest action film, but it turns out Stark Industries’ Project Synergy has hit an
Steve sighed as he sat back in his chair again. “Sam, I already made a big deal about bringing Tony along.”
Steve finally gave the pillow up as he let Tony kiss him. “Was it okay?” He asked quietly.
Steve nodded; he was just as timid as Tony had been. “Sure, I would like that.” He answered with his own reticent smile.
“What do you think?” He asked, giving the nine-year-old a quick nod and a sly grin.
Steve’s face turned a shade of pink as he nodded.
Steve nodded, knowing that Tony wouldn’t allow any more room for debate. “So, uh…,” he coughed as he continued watching Tony work, suddenly feeling his heart race, “I know you said you needed to figure out what your plans were for this weekend, but would you and Peter like to come over to my place for dinner?”
Steve blushed as he turned to face Tony, trying to remind himself that Tony’s personality was inherently flirtatious.
“Hey, Tony.” Tony turned to see Shuri walk into the conference room T’Challa had set aside for the team to work on Synergy. The rest of the team would be arriving the next day for the wedding, so Tony, Shuri, and Steve would be video conferencing with the rest of the team with Fury.
on time.” Fury motioned for Tony to join him at the front. Tony plopped his sunglasses into the breast pocket of his blazer before sauntering to the front of the room. Natasha sighed heavily; Bruce nodded; Thor smiled; and Clint rolled his eyes. Steve was the only one who hadn’t reacted visibly to Tony’s grand entrance; however, he did glare a little at Tony as the latter finally joined Fury.
He was suffering from lack of sleep and had almost called in sick at the public defender's office. As his mind raced since Tony left last night, Steve came to the realization that he had gotten too close to Tony since they started spending more time together, too close to the point that for a brief moment when they were on the couch, Steve had considered accepting Tony’s advances.
“Okay, whatever. I don’t want to make a fuss about it because this is supposed to be about Sam and Shuri, so I’ll just sleep out in the living room area.”
“I’ll set up an appointment for the both of you to meet the therapist, sound good?” Mr. Beck’s expression remained the same as he rummaged around in his desk for a pad of paper.
The morning after hadn’t been any kinder to Steve. He spent the whole night tossing and turning in his bed, thinking about Obadiah’s accusation. He figured maybe mentioning something to Sam in the morning would alleviate his concerns. Besides, it was probably time to come clean about his growing feelings toward Tony.
Tony stopped for a second as he watched Steve walk ahead of him, feeling the slight sensation in his chest but he managed to will it away before catching up with Steve.
Tony sighed. “Pepper told me once that I was attentive and caring when she and I first started dating. I feel—felt closer to you…and I even told you about my relationship with my dad…” he sniffled, “but then I accused you of sleeping around with your best friend…I yelled at you over my dad’s diary…I’m not secure enough to have a honest conservation with you…of course, we were never going to work…”
chatty, baby.”
Tony waved before walking quickly off the stage handing the microphone to Pepper. Both Rhodey and Pepper were trying to talk to him about how great the presentation was, but Tony needed some space. He nodded as he listened, but he could feel his chest restricting, almost as if he were close to fainting.
On the way over, Tony had been trying to find the best thing to say to Steve, but it was obvious from their exchange in the lab that Steve was about to confess that he wasn’t really into Tony, essentially playing games with him the whole time, even if unintentionally.
“My god, Rogers…” Tony stopped in his tracks as a smile crept onto his face, “this uniform looks so good on you!”
Bruce rolled his eyes as he appeared to be coming up with possible scenarios for his future date with Natasha. Steve was listening, but his ears began to pick up on a conversation next to their huddle.
“Take the elevator up to the seventieth floor.”
Tony straightened up, walking around Peter to lean up against the elevator doors, crossing his arms.
Tony eked out a small noise of disbelief as Steve pulled them further onto the bed. Tony settled on top of Steve as they kissed each other, getting lost in the kiss before he straightened up a bit to look down at Steve.
“Sam? Aren’t you—”
Peter spun around to face Tony who was smiling at the nine-year old. Tony then reached downward, hoisting Peter over his shoulder.
Tony wondered to himself as he rode the elevator down to the lobby. After reaching the floor, Tony stepped out to walk to the private mailbox for the penthouse.
Tony groaned, swiping his hand around at nothing.
Obadiah rested his hands on his hips as he turned slightly to listen to Steve.
“J.A.R.V.I.S., try running these numbers for us and we’ll see what we get.”
“Oh wow, first time in a long time.” Steve chuckled, alluding to past events in which others had also wondered about his relationship with Bucky.
It was the day of Steve’s graduation and Tony had spent the entire morning trying to figure out what to wear to look like he hadn’t spent the entire morning figuring out what to wear. As he shuffled through outfit to outfit, he kept replaying his chat with Steve from the beginning of week. Something about it bothered him; was it so bad to think people possibly thought that they were sleeping together? Tony intellectually knew why Steve was concerned, but emotionally he felt hurt.
Tony felt his chest constrict again as Steve caressed his arm. “Uh, I’m just exhausted…I had an extremely frustrating day that I don’t want to get into…” He half-admitted.
Steve hung his head before pressing the intercom to the lobby in Stark Tower. It was late, perhaps a little too late.
Natasha placed a hand on his shoulder to get him to look directly at her. “Dr. Selvig. You have to cooperate.”
Steve chuckled. “I don’t want to invade your personal space, Tony.”
Steve heard Tony chuckle with Peter. “Just
“Does this feel all right?” Tony whispered, hugging Steve again, “just in case you roll over some more…”
Tony chuckled, but stopped quickly as Steve continued to glare. “It’s because you’re old-fashioned for someone your age and
Pepper hugged him tightly before sitting back down at the table. Tony slowly pulled his chair out before joining her. They sat in silence for moment until a waiter came up to their table to take their drink orders.
He knew he wasn’t right for Steve; he had made the right decision. However, as the song played on, and Tony was unable or unwilling to change it, he began crying, thinking about Steve. Maybe his friends were right.
Steve looked back and forth between Bucky and Sam again, his expression becoming more distraught.
“Now please tell me you’ve seen
“Yes, of course!” Obadiah quickly stopped what he was doing, rising from the desk to shoo the guard out of the office as he welcomed the carrier inside. The guard tried to response, but Obadiah slammed the door in his face.
“Hey, Parker.” Tony joined him on the bed to lace up his shoes.
Tony looked at Bucky and nodded. On top of still feeling hurt that Steve probably wasn’t into him like he had thought, now he was feeling a tinge of jealousy brought on by Bucky’s otherwise straightforward statement. He had gotten to know Steve pretty well since launching Synergy, but that would never seemingly compare with his relationship with Bucky. And something about it irked Tony.
Steve kept his grip on Tony, taking his time before answering. After a moment, Tony realized that Steve was really asking for reassurance as it related to their developing relationship. He looked downward with a smile before looking back up at Steve who looked like he was waiting for Tony to give him some very unpleasant news.
Steve nodded slowly as he rose from the table. Bucky sighed, but then started teasing Steve to get him to lighten up. Soon after, they left the apartment to grab dinner at their favorite diner from across the street before heading to the local movie theater.
Tony tapped on his desk with one finger as he decided what to do. “Send this to Banner and Shuri. It may help to have some more eyes on this to make sense of it.”
As Steve stepped into the elevator, he knew he cared about Tony and wanted him in his life. He hadn’t regretted last night; he missed Tony, too. But from their argument, it felt like Tony wasn’t willing to commit. Steve knew Tony was keeping him at a distance; he thought that maybe if he communicated to Tony how much he cared about him, maybe that would show Tony that he could be vulnerable with him again.
After settling at a table that was in the quieter part of the restaurant, Steve and Tony remained silent for some time. The atmosphere had changed, making the space between them more intimate. Tony wasn’t sure how to start the conversation back up without saying the wrong thing. He was afraid he would bring up everything that had happened after Thor’s party.
Tony straightened back up again, grinning at Steve as he squeezed his waist with both hands, taking a moment before reaching over toward his bedside table. He let go of Steve to lean over some more, before losing his balance as he tried to open the drawer, but Steve caught him by the arm.
?” He asked incredulously, squinting at Bruce.
“Good morning,” the robot started, “I am happy to be here.”
Steve nodded as Tony pulled out his tablet to find equations from Clint and Natasha. “Everything looks normal…” Tony had mostly said to himself.
Steve sighed. He figured it was time to be honest.
“Just let me call Rhodey to let him know I’ll be out a little later than expected.” He excused himself as he nearly sprinted to the restrooms. He almost dropped his phone as he called his friend, making a mental note that his phone was now at thirty percent.
Steve shrugged. “I stumbled across it, but Tony was the one to point it out. It was more a team effort than anything else.”
Tony shook his head quickly. “No, I’m okay. I didn’t want you to think I was only thinking about sex now—or uh…” He cringed from accidentally saying his thoughts out loud.
Steve slowly withdrew his arm which allowed Tony to rushed off to the bathroom, nearly slamming the door behind him.
Also, again, was he so sure that Bruce had been serious? He wouldn’t put it past is friend to tease him insistently about Steve, given that Tony did the same with Bruce’s attraction to Natasha. No, Bruce would be more sincere about this because, well, Tony’s track record with relationships is…poor, to say the least.
bit better than you.”
Fury pulled Tony to the side as everyone exited the room. Tony groaned loudly; he knew he wasn’t going to like what Fury had to say from the man’s facial expression.
Sharon nodded. “We’ve talked about Peter a few times.”
“…me too, Steve.”
Steve stared at Tony in silence; something about his facial expression felt unnerving to Tony.
“Are you sure you’re all right, Tony? You’re quieter than usual.” He teased toward the end with a genuine smile.
Steve considered his friend’s claim. He supposed that was also true, but he didn’t feel like getting into it.
“Tony! Wait!” Bruce was holding Tony by the arm as Tony struggled to get to Steve.
Tony put Peter down on top of the step ladder. “So, how’s it looking, Parker?”
“Hey, you’re the one who agreed to continue your dad’s legacy project.” Rhodey huffed as he picked up another file, this time he looked more intrigued than he had been with the previous file. Tony took notice.
Steve reached out for his coffee. “I think I’m going to head back home, Tony. There’s something I need to finish for a case before the weekend ends…” He turned toward the exit without letting Tony respond.
But having Steve around was what Tony wanted. He couldn’t stand being apart. “Okay…” Tony finally gave in, “you’re right, Rogers…”
Tony repositioned his body to lie halfway on top of Steve, pushing downward slightly to rub up against his leg. They remained like this: Steve moving his hands up along Tony’s body and Tony using one hand to cradle the back of Steve’s head while the other was rubbing against the inside of his hip. Steve bucked upward into Tony as he scooted up the bed, drawing his legs up against Tony’s sides as he placed his hands on Tony’s face.
“What can’t work, Tony?” Steve asked quietly.
Also, it had helped when Bruce pulled him aside earlier that morning to vaguely explain that Tony was going through some stuff lately that wasn’t limited to Synergy. Although Steve had figured that was the case, it was good to receive verbal confirmation from one of the people who knew his lab partner the best.
Steve stopped stretching to stare dumbfoundedly at his friend. “What? Just now? What did he say?”
“Tony,” Shuri joined Bruce and Tony, “I don’t know if it’ll work, but try jamming the center of the core with something…it should give you five to seven minutes to get away from the device if it does get triggered by the weapon…”
Steve looked at Tony before looking down at the drawing. “What? This? The Iron thing?”
As soon as Tony uttered the name, Hammer’s face went completely white. He cleared his throat a few times as he fidgeted in his chair, obviously visibly uncomfortable by the topic.
Steve nodded before walking further into the office, taking his time. He glanced around, spotting immediately a framed photograph of Obadiah with a younger-looking Tony on top a bookshelf next to one of the huge windows in the office. Steve made a mental note to himself; he had overheard Tony complain once or maybe twice about Obadiah. Steve hadn’t pressed him on it, but he could tell each time that there was something deeper to Tony’s tension with the man.
Tony laughed at Steve, waving a hand before turning to face the console. “I can’t work unless I’m listening to music, just trust me on this, Rogers.”
Peter nodded. “Yep! Let’s do this.”
Tony untangled himself from Steve to turn and face him directly. Steve was smiling, albeit his expression was reserved.
“…Tony…” Bruce kept his hand on Tony’s shoulder. He looked behind himself to see the rest of the team waiting outside in the hallway. He then looked down at Tony before squeezing his shoulder once more before letting go.
“So, I’m thinking later today we could show Bruce the algorithm to see if he has any—”
That mid-afternoon, Obadiah had emailed Steve, asking to meet with the latter at his most convenient time. Steve thought the request was strange; this would be the first time he would have a one-on-one with Obadiah since starting on the project.
Oh dear...can't possibly think of any misunderstanding resulting from this...
Steve nodded slowly, feeling a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach, however he knew it was no use trying to force Tony into something he didn’t want.
Tony tried to look away from Steve but was failing miserably. He gave his tousled lab partner the once over, remarking to himself how hot Steve looked.
…Tony wondered to himself before searching for Steve in the main part of the mansion. He found Steve chatting with someone at the buffet table.
delicate.”
“Tony, it’s all right. I understand, okay?” Steve nervously chuckled before he freed a hand to run through his hair. Tony felt like interrupting again; he didn’t want Steve to completely pull away from him.
Natasha’s eyes widened with disbelief. She grabbed Dr. Selvig by the arm before using a secured-mobile phone to call Agent Hill.
“Fuck. I need to pick him up. I forgot to schedule a pickup with Happy. But yeah sure.” Tony sighed with so much anguish in his voice that it caused Rhodey to look up from Steve’s file, startled.
Bruce nodded slowly, but instead of responding he picked up his tablet to go back to his work. Tony stared at him, making it obvious that he knew his friend wanted to say more.
Obadiah paused again, resting one hand on his hip. “I’m doing the best that I can here. You should tell your father that.” He added curtly, clearly frustrated with the call.
Peter sighed, shaking his head. “Ned, we’re more than screwed for the competition.”
Tony scrunched up his face, but then his face relaxed as he proceeded to tease Steve again.
save lives but will also make this world a better place.” He ended with a charming smile.
“I don’t trust that teacher.”
now.”
After a second, he propped himself up, looking around at what he could see in his office from the floor. He looked down at his dad’s diary before looking past the desk to see the time on the wall clock.
“Fuck! I gotta get Peter. I almost forgot.” Tony’s relaxed smile turned into a look of determination as he jumped out of his chair, grabbed his things and rushed out of the office.
Tony made a face before laughing to himself, knowing that Bucky was only trying to get a rise out of him. He turned around to sit down in his chair.
“It’s got soul.” Tony tried to add smoothly, but it was clear that his excitement and the Jörmungandr had over ran his composure. He sunk down into the couch before stretching out his arm to point at Bruce.
Tony smirked as he crossed his arms. “It took some convincing, but everyone else is on board, including Fury.”
“Friends?” Tony spun around to face Steve, “
Before their argument, Tony had made plans to see Steve that night, but he figured those plans had been ruined by his rampant paranoia. During the work week, Tony had managed to avoid Steve by either working in his office or scheduling as many meetings as possible, yet Steve never made a move to reach out to Tony which was making him feel just as horrible as he did the last time he saw him.
“…but…I just wanted to say…that…and…I’m sorry it’s taking me so long to say this…I think…” Tony sighed as he hung his head. Even with Steve unconscious, Tony couldn’t say that he loved him out loud.
place!”
Steve chuckled. Tony had noticed that Steve remained still the closer he scooted.
Tony waved Rhodey off as he continued to smile. “Of course. I just want to see my friends happy.”
Steve was tempted, but he wasn’t sure if he should. Everyone who had whatever the drink was seemed completely out of it. Besides not a fan of drinking, Steve feared he might do or say something stupid around Tony.
“I didn’t get a chance to talk to you about the assignment before the meeting. It sounds like Steve is doing fine.” The two of them walked out of the room into the hallway.
“…you’re right…but he probably doesn’t want to talk to me now…” Tony relented, “we’ve been avoiding each other all week…”
“Do you know when they launched Sputnik?” Peter asked, mispronouncing the name of the famed Russian satellite.
Tony shook his head as he uncrossed his arms, indicating that he was done with the conversation. He marched past Steve toward the bathroom before Steve stopped him gently with an outstretched arm.
“Okay team. We’re trying out Rogers’s and Stark’s algorithm today.”
Steve’s expression stayed the same, signaling to Tony that he knew he was joking about Steve’s first day at Stark Industries, but chose not to call Tony out on it. Tony silently gave himself some credit for making a flirty move that wasn’t too overt.
“Rogers! Help me over here.” Steve turned to see that Clint was calling for him, crouching near a simulated woman who was holding her side and writhing in pain.
“Uh, who died?” Tony asked. Although he was still perplexed by the situation, he tried to ease the tension with his usual charm.
Steve walked up to the boys, trying to crouch down on the floor, but his face contorted, feeling every sore muscle on the way down. As soon as he made himself somewhat comfortable, half kneeling, half standing, he stuck out his hand to introduce himself to Peter’s friend.
As he walked slowly to his apartment, Steve contemplated cancelling on Tony; he didn’t understand why they were drifting apart and why it was so difficult to discuss it.
“What in the world—?”
“No, it’s okay, Steve.” Pepper responded with a smile, squeezing Tony’s shoulder before walking up to Steve.
Tony crossed his arms. “Okay…so there’s this random scientist, Thanos, building a super weapon…what does that also have to do with Selvig damaging the Synergy device? Wouldn’t he need it to help build this weapon?”
“So, I think everyone here knows who I am. I’m Steve’s ‘significant’ other. ‘Significant’ in scare quotes, of course.”
Tony frowned at the message before quickly deleting it. He then drew in a deep breath before exhaling as he tapped on the phone icon in Steve’s contact profile to call him. It rang once before Steve answered.
Tony waited before rising from the bed. Once he reached the bathroom, he realized that he had taken the letter with him. He looked down at his hand before walking the letter back to the table, laying out it flat, reading over it again.
“Don’t worry about the results, Thanos. We’ll have them in due time, trust me.” Obadiah was hyper aware of his partner-in-tech-crime’s penchant for abrupt bouts of anger. Often, he did his best to avoid a possible tirade. But today, he could hardly stand the way he was being treated; he was going out on a limb while Thanos sat tinkering at his desk.
“I think your phone ended up on the floor, Tony.” Steve grinned.
of how serious the situation is, okay? This isn’t my first rodeo, Cap.”
Steve nodded as he walked into the foyer, taking off his jacket before folding it over one arm.
“…that’s what we needed…” Strange vaguely explained as he approached the device.
“Ah, Mr. Stark,” the restrained prisoner greeted as Tony and Steve walked inside the room, “and, Mr. Rogers.” His tone was unnerving.
“So…what does that mean?” Clint asked as he leaned forward in his chair.
Tony then flipped over onto his back as Steve rubbed some lube on himself before squirting some onto his fingers. He kissed Tony softly, helping him to get comfortable before he used a free hand to position Tony directly in front of him. Steve rubbed Tony’s waist as he leaned forward, and Tony lifted his body and his legs for Steve, moaning as Steve’s fingers entered.
Loki chuckled. “There’s no need to get angry about all of this, Dr. Banner.”
“…and I know there’s no competition between the two of you, but Tony didn’t even talk about his family with Pepper. Not the way he has with you…he told me.” Bruce finished, trying to smile at Steve who was sure he looked miserable.
day job, right?”
Steve knew that telling Tony that he loved him was risky, but he never thought Tony would break up with him. Steve also thought that Tony would reach out to him eventually, but he hadn’t heard one word from Tony in over a year, and Steve didn’t want to make things worse by constantly calling his phone or visiting Stark Tower unannounced.
“I’m surprised I haven’t received a stream of messages from Peter.” He chuckled.
Tony turned to stare at Bruce, now panicking because he had forgotten that he might be paired up with Steve again.
Tony squinted at whatever Steve was referring to, recognizing the file immediately. “Ah, you found my birthday database.” He winked at Steve.
Steve wrapped his hands around Tony’s waist, pulling him close to his body as one hand stayed on the lower half of Tony’s backside while the other travelled upward.
Steve turned around. He was near his bed with his arms crossed. “You can use the outlet in here.”
“Good Morning, Mr. Rogers.” J.A.R.V.I.S. greeted.
Tony looked at Bruce. “What do you think, Banner?”
Tony clapped his hands together. “Okay thanks.” He started gathering his things along with placing the Synergy device into its carrying bag. Before exiting the lab, Tony stopped short to address J.A.R.V.I.S. once more.
“Thanks for that charger, Rogers.” Tony muttered, snapping then pointing a finger at Steve.
“Yes,” Bruce brushed himself off with a smile, “it was indeed.”
“Fine. But we have to keep it on the low, okay? Pepper would kill me if she found out.”
Steve stayed where he was, but he shook his head. “No, it’s not, Tony. All of this was out of our control…”
Steve turned to face Tony. “Dr. Thanos might use his weapon in less than a month, Tony…we have to let people know…maybe the government could issue a lock down—”
Sam chuckled lightly. “He doesn’t like it. But it’s still a good way to describe his stern yet encouraging moods.”
Ever since he started seeing Steve, Tony had been drinking less. However, there were times, like this one especially, where Tony needed something to calm his uneasiness. He poured himself a drink, downing the pour as soon as the whiskey filled the glass. Tony stared at the empty glass as Obadiah’s voice and memories of his dad popped right back into head. He sighed, pouring himself another glass.
Shuri nodded but she winced. “Well…” she used two fingers to zoom into the image of the weapon before enlarging the list of numbers, “there’s a small pattern to these numbers that resembles some coding I found in the weapon…”
“Everything all right?” Tony looked over to find that Steve watching him.
Tony nodded again before leaning forward. “We are too—uh,” He pulled out his phone to check any new messages from Steve, reading a message that Steve was still running late, “my husband should be here in thirty minutes or so.” Tony quickly added before putting his phone away.
safely, please.”
I meant?” Bucky laughed as he slapped Steve on the arm a few times. Sam laughed also, but Steve only glared.
“Hey, Rogers!” Tony greeted.
“Tony,” Bruce leaned over the table, “the board is going to lean toward selling the device to a weapons contractor. They’re not going to give it to the government, which means we won’t have any say. Can’t we do more?”
“Rogers…I appreciate your enthusiasm….” Tony started as he watched Steve approach him.
Tony leaned back on the stool. He posed thoughtfully again as he stared Peter down. Peter managed to keep a straight face as Tony took his time answering.
Tony felt his eyes well up as he thought about last night and all of his insecurities. Tony closed his eyes as he began crying again, knowing fully that he needed to let Steve go so he wouldn’t have to suffer through any more drama.
Tony sighed heavily. Where should he begin?
Tony grunted a non-committal reply.
“Actually, I have a fantasy of my own…” He started.
Steve shook Fury’s hand firmly. “It’s good to be up and about.”
Steve sighed again. “Tony, you’re making this more awkward than it already needs to be.”
Tony nodded slowly as Steve started rubbing his back again. “We should try to get back to sleep…” Steve offered softly.
Tony sighed. “…well, it could take out more than just a city block…definitely more than a police precinct and the buildings surrounding it…”
“The first day of work is always the most memorable. I believe we are on the verge of something great!” Thor exclaimed loudly, tightly holding on to Tony.
Steve shrugged as he tightened the hold he had on Tony’s waist. “Like I said to you before, Tony, it helps having the right partner.” Referring to their last dance.
Steve handed Tony a pair of sunglasses he had produced from his work bag. Tony hesitated before accepting the glasses. He thought he had left them at the restaurant but had been too lazy to retrieve them. Besides, they weren’t the only pair he owned.
“…I just—I’m not good at this...” Tony sighed again. There was no way he was going to tell Steve how he felt. He knew he would be rejected.
I proposed.”
“Hey, Rogers.”
“This betrayal! Wait until I get my hands on him!” Thor shouted, as he paced back and forth, fuming.
“…well…um…” Tony stumbled, making Steve feel even more anxious, “…a-are you sure…?”
“Hello, everyone, I’m sure you’re excited to hear some great news today…” He paused before shuffling around some papers.
“Would you like for me to stop updating you on Mr. Parker’s expected arrival?” J.A.R.V.I.S. coolly asked.
“Uh…thanks, Shuri…” He then shook his head, trying to grin to mask his true feelings, “I’m not used to getting relationship advice from you young people.”
“I know. I’m just not sure...” Steve muttered. He shuffled a bit on the couch until he felt something poke him from underneath. He shifted to find a pair of sunglasses wedged in between in the cushions. He groaned to himself, recognizing that they belonged to Tony.
Tony ignored him as he stepped outside of the restaurant to call Fury.
“Also, try not to touch anything, Rogers. I know how grabby you can get.” Tony teased as he watched Steve unpack his bag before walking over to the Synergy device.
“Hey, Tony. I’m glad you could make it.” Steve offered, still smiling at Tony.
Tony sighed, waiting before pushing himself out of the bed. He dragged himself out of the room toward his office before stopping at the entrance to the kitchen. He sighed again, sulking into the kitchen, plopping down on a stool at the island.
Tony had to stop himself for a moment. He wasn’t even sure if Steve was interested in him, although the whole being vulnerable thing at dinner and now this suggested otherwise. Or maybe he was just being nice? Maybe Steve felt sorry for him because he was such a maladroit and could barely function around other people who hadn’t already known him for years.
Tony stepped a foot forward as the faces filling the space morphed into new faces. “But at Stark Industries, we’ve done just that…”
Steve glanced around, blinking rapidly as he tried to remember where he was, but the room didn’t look familiar.
Steve crouched down in front of Tony, trying to hold him still as Tony shuffled about, trying to get his wits about him, but he was in severe pain.
“It’s really nice to see you, Natasha.” Bruce started as he sat down awkwardly in his chair.
“We also managed to steal Dr. Blake away from an astrophysics lab in New Mexico.” Fury explained, refusing to use Thor’s nickname.
Steve nodded slowly and Tony feared that they were about to have the break up conversation now. However, Steve only looked at him; Tony could tell from Steve’s expression that he missed Peter.
“Yeah, that sounds great, Steve.” Tony answered, now sounding more like himself.
As Shuri finished explaining, Tony and Bruce looked back and forth between the other and the device, nodding and verbally responding in agreement with Shuri’s findings.
After the meeting, Tony drove himself to his newly formed Stark Enterprises in Queens to meet Bruce who was secretly working on the new Synergy device.
The other end of the receiver went absolutely quiet as Steve waited for Tony to answer him, the tension becoming unbearable as the silence grew longer.
