At some point John had given up completely on Mary. Even went as far as to delete her number from his phone. Although he wasn’t entirely sure, he thinks that he had managed to drop Lestrade a message telling him he was fine and had found a new job. John didn’t mind his new job. It was what he always reckoned he would do once he had returned from the army. Come back to England and get a cosy job as a doctor. It didn’t give him the same satisfaction as it once did, it gave him nowhere near as much as working with Sherlock had. But it was a job. And John needed a job.
The skin of John’s hips were a mess of scabs and scars. Some were silver-white streaks flecked over his hips, some were thin, skin-coloured lines tentatively dotted around his waist and stomach. The newer ones were a vast array of angry-crimson slashed and thick purple scars stretching down his ribs and playing over the top of his stomach. Three were fresh. Oozing, open wounds pulsing out blood in fat viscous droplets that ran over his sides in a race to the floor. Dried blood had been smeared around the cut by his shirt, forming patchy red spots that were already dry and flaking off his skin.
Sherlock was shocked at the single syllable. It was hesitant and his voice had wavered on the lonely word. Sherlock lifted his face from John’s neck to stare at the back of his head.
The slightest hint of a smile nudged at John’s lips over the absurdity of anyone using a semi-colon in a text. It was barely a minute before the usual black car pulled up outside and John was driven in silence to a surprisingly modest looking house. By modest he means by Mycroft standards of course. The house stood alone on its own piece of land, unlike the rows of semi-detached or terraced houses that lined the usual streets of London. It was reasonably big and painted a rich creamy colour with black beams making a simplistic but pleasing pattern. It was surrounded by lush, neatly trimmed grass and systematically placed flowers. As the car drew up through the open black iron gate and up the paved driveway to a large empty space near the front of the house. When the car pulled to a stop John didn’t hesitate in stepping out, not bothering to turn when the car immediately drove off. John walked up to the impressive looking oak door, banging the iron ring knocker. The door opens after a minute and John was surprised to see Mycroft standing there instead of an elderly austere-looking butler.
Sherlock moved his head from John’s hair to nose down his temple, settling his mouth next to John’s ear.
The second day had confused Sherlock. John went about the exact same routine and Sherlock had decided to be a bit more daring. He followed more closely behind John, trailing behind him on half empty streets. Sherlock was certain that John knew better. The army doctor had always seemed hyper-aware of his surroundings, even more so after meeting and working with Sherlock for so long. So, for the doctor to seem almost as if he were ignoring Sherlock’s existence. That’s not to say that he was. Sherlock had noticed the differences in John.
“Again?” The voice that responded was bitter and angry. “You planning on leaving again so soon? I would have thought you would wait at least a day before abandoning me again.” His sarcasm was coated with poison, a venomous concoction of hurt, betrayal and angry desperation lacing each syllable. Although Sherlock knew it was a tactic to avert suspicion from himself and redirect the conversation, it was still said earnestly and hurt Sherlock to hear it.
Pinpricks of light broke up the black ocean of the night sky, Sherlock stood in his black trench coat across from 221b Baker Street. He wasn’t sure what time it was, but he had taken reassurance in previous nights in just standing and watching, as if he were the protector of the flat. Sudden movement shook Sherlock from the daze he had been in as he watched John leave the flat and stride off into the streets of London with more determination in his step than Sherlock had seen since he had returned. Waiting a few seconds, Sherlock took after him at a leisurely pace, his long strides keeping just far enough away to be inconspicuous.
His clothes hung off him as if they didn’t fit and his shoulders slumped along with his bowed head, making him look defeated. He seemed to march with a wearied sort of exhaustion that coloured the air around him. John’s already white skin seemed so pale it was almost translucent, and he no longer appeared to be the social butterfly he always was, his interactions with others seemed purposefully limited. Sherlock could see the pain he was hiding under his well-constructed mask of normality.
John groaned and dragged a hand down his face, he needed to move. His eyes were gritty and he felt the annoying prickle of stubble covering his jaw. With a great deal of effort, he managed to heave himself out of his chair, which he had begun to sink into, and shuffled his way to the bathroom. Upon turning on the lights he immediately regretted it. The harsh, white lighting made him squint as he turned to the mirror.
His face was gaunt and haggard. Bags and dark rings hung from under his eyes and his skin was gaunt and pale. His dirty blonde hair was exactly that as it lay limply, plastered to his clearly defined skull. John’s usual collection of baggy clothes hid the shape of his body but the way they seemed dented inward showed that he had lost weight. Not sleeping, not eating, staying inside all day. Textbook signs of depression. John scoffed.
Sherlock tried to hike him up so he was standing but to no avail. Each time John would just slump back into his leaned over form. Eventually Sherlock began to lower him down. It was difficult and John’s faced pressed more firmly into Sherlock’s chest the closer he got to the ground, briefly Sherlock wondered if he could still breathe. After a minute, John was lying face down on the floor, Sherlock grabbed his shoulder and the back of his head to slowly turn him over.
Sherlock nuzzled his nose into John’s fair hair, inhaling deeply against the soft strands.  It had grown since they had last seen each other. It scared Sherlock how easy it was to support John’s weight. When the duo had lived together Sherlock had remarked on more than one occasion John’s impressive and well-maintained physical build. However, as the man hung limply in the circle of Sherlock’s arms, he felt shrunken and wasted away. There were no hard planes of muscle under Sherlock’s hands. His endearingly rounded face was gaunt, and the skin looked stretched over his skeleton.
Sherlock could feel his collar growing damp with each laboured breath of Johns open mouth against his throat. He tried to turn to the side, feeling the compulsive need to check on his friend. Just then John’s steps faltered, his legs stopped cooperating entirely and the two of them pitched forward. Sherlock barely caught them before they fell to the ground, he planted one foot in front of them, swivelling on it to catch John into his chest as he fell. The position was awkward and John’s head knocked painfully against Sherlock’s jaw as he caught him, sending a hot spike of pain through his skull. It seemed that John was well and truly unconscious at this point. John began to slide down Sherlock’s chest and he tried to wrap his arms around his middle, desperately clinging to his own forearms where they were circled just under John’s arms.
“Sher-Sherlock? How are y-you here. I saw you fall.” John stuttered. Sherlock stroked the back of John’s head, cradling it like a precious artefact.
He pulled his phone from his pocket, eyes scanning over his messages. His first reaction was to go to Mary and take comfort in her warm embrace but at the moment the thought of her worry and coddling didn’t appeal much to him. The next choice was Lestrade. He and Greg had become friends over their mutual link from Sherlock. John trusted him and regarded him as a close friend but the John felt a similar reluctance to be surrounded by his worry and grief. That only left Mycroft. Usually John was sceptical at best about the older Holmes but at the moment his usually irritating lack of emotion seemed welcoming. John pondered how best to word his message to the usually detached man before settling on:
Today. Today he would look for a job. Not wanting to be able to convince himself otherwise, he grabbed his coat and headed out immediately.
Dragging his hands carefully from where they had steeled around Johns pecs, Sherlock placed a feather light touch along the edge of one of the newest cuts. He probed along the length of it, barely applying any pressure to it at all. It was widest near the middle and when Sherlock placed a gentle poke beside it, watching the skin cave in, like the walls of a great abyss being sucked down into it, he half expected John to hiss or wake up. He flicked his eyes up to John’s face but his expression had not changed. John’s eyes were heavily lidded, sunken into his skull, his mouth was slightly open, just enough to see the square edges of his teeth.
“I can’t,” John’s voice cracked on the second word and the sound of it immediately shut off Sherlock’s anger. Taking a deep breath, Sherlock moved his head closer to John’s once more. His mouth settled just behind John’s ear, not touching him but close enough for him to feel the warmth of his breath. Another shiver went through him.
. John flinched, they were his own words but the hatred that accompanied them always hurt him, the truth that accompanied them. Because it was true and ever since Sherlock had died that little voice had been there, taking every opportunity to mention how John was never smart enough to keep up with him, never on his level, always in the way just generally not good enough. John had tried to ignore it at first but there was truth in every word it said so John just absorbed it now, letting it play on repeat in his mind. Mentally shaking himself John decided to take a shower in attempts to appear to be a functioning human being. His beige jumper stubbornly stuck to his skin, reminding him just how long it had been since he had showered or changed clothes. Once undressed he stepped into the tub, turning on the shower and angling it away from him until the water heated to a comfortable temperature. Stepping under the spray John felt his tense and aching muscles relax. The hot water felt like it was washing off the past few days, the steam clearing John’s head. Tears slipped unbidden from his eyes, mingling indistinguishably with the water. Soon his silent tears turned into great, body-wracking sobs that tore from his throat. John poured the strain and stress and sadness of the past few days into his tears, leaning against the cold tiled wall for support.
John stood abruptly, albeit shakily, and began to stalk away from Sherlock. For a split second when he turned his eyes flickered from the door to the hall to the bedrooms as he briefly contemplated which one to go for. Before he even managed a step forward Sherlock was up and trying to grab him from behind, similarly to how he had done so on the bridge.
"Finally!" His voice was so deep, gooseflesh crawled over John's skin. "My omega! Mine!" Sherlock rasped, then took John in his arms, hugged him tightly.
John felt a little discomfort, but Sherlock's talented tongue distracted his attention from it. Sherlock sucked him more intense, when he felt John's channel started to constrict around his finger.
"Victim is in her late 30's. Professional person, going by her clothes. I'm guessing the media, going by the frankly alarming shade of pink. Travelled from Cardiff today intending to stay in London one night from the size of her suitcase. She's been married at least ten years, but not happily. She had lovers, but non of them knew she was married. The rest of her jewellery has been regularly cleaned, but not her wedding ring. The inside is shinier than the outside. The only polishing it gets when she works it off her finger. She doesn't work with her hands, look at her nails, so why does she remove her ring for? Not one lover, she'd never sustain the fiction of being single for that long time, so more likely a string of them. Simple."
Sherlock watched the street from the window. It was odd to being in the flat again, still it was familiar. He was at home, safe and sound. He was waited for John, he couldn't imagine how would the doctor react. Mrs. Hudson screamed and screamed until she fainted. Sherlock didn't assume John would faint. What would John do?
"Then you could cherish the look of surprise on my face. Because I'd surprised and a little disappointed. Of course you wouldn't be able to cherish it for very long. Ciao, Sherlock Holmes!"
"You are more snappish as usual. You snarling everyone who come near to me, even poor Mrs. Hudson and scenting all the time, not only me, but every corner of the place. You marking your territory, and your temperature..."
"Hands on the nape of your neck! Kneel on the ground and don't move!" The man has an American accent. There should be more on that phone as a few picture. "Open the safe now!" He told to Sherlock.
The picture was made at 221B Baker Street's basement. They found a pair of shoes there, when the phone ringed again.
"I know your instincts tells you, you should take care of me, but I'm not your alpha. I don't looking forward a relationship, I'm married to my work."
Finally he saw John at the street as he walked to the flat. His heart beat fiercely. Oh, God! He missed John terribly. He wanted to run to him, hug him close, but he can't. He had to wait to John do the first step. John was in the flat, Sherlock felt it.
John immediately marched into the room. Sherlock lay  on the bed paler like ever. His eyes were shut. Watson climbed on the bed next to him in doctor mode. He examined his pupils, checked his slow, weak pulse. His skin was cold.
"Oh. Nothing exciting. The same  squirrel wheel day by day. My mate is pregnant by the way." John's heart heavily dropped.
"Oh, my God! Look at the poor man! You didn't think I was interested in you? Why? Because you are the great Sherlock Holmes, the clever detective?"
Sherlock tried to talk with Lestrade the next step, when John informed him, according to the GPS of the smartphone the phone itself located at 221B Baker Street.
"Sherlock! Anything from the menu, whatever you want, free. On the house, for you and for your date."
"Did I just text a murderer?" Frowned John. "What good will that do?" Suddenly his phone started to ringing.
I know I updated a long time ago. I was busy and I suffered with stone in my kidney. Anyway thank you who still reading it!
He wanted to bite his neck, John felt in his core, so he quickly grabbed Sherlock's chin. He didn't intent to provoke a fight. However he was a soldier, alphas was stronger in its state. He simply cupped his alpha's face and kissed him.
The detective forced him to look into his eyes. It was unpleasant. Even without it the genius could read him well.
No, no, no!!! It was only yesterday when he put John in danger. His alpha was still in alarm. He felt his vision turns red, and the fangs in his mouth ready to kill.
Soon they were both completely naked. Sherlock turned all his attention for John's scent glands. He licked and bit the skin around them playfully, as if he had tried to find an ideal location for the mating bite. The idea was so tempting, but he had to wait.
"Whoa! I don't..." John touched the bridge of his nose. " It's not my instincts. Maybe I'm not functioning well as an omega, but I'm a doctor, and as a doctor, I tell you..."
"I've played four times. I'm alive. It's not chance Mr. Homes, it's chess. With one move, one survivor."
"You can't be that ignorant, Sherlock! You stayed in alpha mode not just a few hours. It's dangerous! That's what I told you for a long time. You can't deny your alpha's want."
Sherlock's state was unchanged. John got several text messages from Mycroft, but instead of reading them, he throw the phone to the wall.
Later, he started to work with the Scotland Yard, as a consulting detective. It helped him to keep his feelings in check.
"Oh!" The detective got a brainwave. "She never lost her phone, she planted in on him. When she got out of the car, she know that she was going to her death. She left the phone in order to lead us to her killer."
The doctor touched the other man's face. Sherlock stopped sulking. John kissed him and Sherlock kissed back.
"I understand, dear, I've got a hip." She went to the kitchen and John started to read the newspaper Mrs. Hudson left on the table.
"I know you are an army doctor and you've been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know that your limp is psychosomatic... and I know, that you are an omega for sure." John froze. The hell? How did he? "That's enough to be going on with, don't you think?"
"Is that a British Army Browning L9A1in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?" A thin man in Westwood suit appeared. His fan, his enemy. "Jim Moriarty. Hi!" Sherlock pointed the gun at him. "I have a snipper to dirtying  hands instead of mine." Little red point danced around John's head. "I gave you a tiny glimpse to my world. I'm a specialists, like you."
Mycroft looked after them for a long time. Yes, he made a great choice, when he picked John Watson from the many omegas for his brother. He hoped it wasn't too late.
"Once you told me, you are not a hero, but you were the wises and best man I knew. And nobody can convince me you are lied. That's all. I was so lonely, I own you so much! I only wish you wouldn't be dead!" He broke up with tears.
Yes, he would. John's heart clenched. Sherlock was sad because he thought Irene is dead. John wandered if he knew she is alive, that kiss would have happened between them at all. They didn't talk about it. It never happened again. John tried to approached, but Sherlock drawled back. He must thought it was a mistake.
Sherlock was shaved and his hair was cut. He worn cleaned clothes. He started to feel himself human again. He lost weights and had wounds on his body, but he didn't mind. He will see John soon. He was exited. He demand a picture of John, and although it was black and white, Sherlock stared it fascinated. Mycroft cleared his throat.
"Do you think I'm a cheater? This is why you are sad? You think I tricked you too? Moriarty manipulates all of you! Don't you see what's going on?" In the end of his speech he shouted and hit the table.
"Oh, I wouldn't say that. The bullet they just dug out of the wall's from a handgun. A kill shot over that distance, that's a crack shot. But not just a marksman, a fighter. His hands couldn't have shaken at all so clearly he's acclimatised to violence. He didn't fire until I was in immediate danger though, so strong moral principle. You're looking for a man with a history of military service, and nerves of steel..." Than he just saw John next to the police cars. His heart beaten faster. Oh, yes! He has to be the one who saved him. "Actually, you know what? Ignore me. Ignore all of that. Just the shock talking."
"No. Just looked like one. Everything destroyed in the place except a strong box, a very strong box, inside with this. It's not a leaf bomb."
"I will explain everything in print." Kitty said as she shoved a dossier to John with full of articles. "Sherlock is a fake, he invented all the crimes. He invented James Moriarty, his enemy."
Before he could realise what he was doing, Sherlock sharp fangs were in Moriarty's throat. The criminal's crimson blood spurted everywhere. When Sherlock could hold back his alpha, Moriarty lied dead, his eyes bulged. Sherlock breathed hard. What should he do now? He stood at the edge of the roof. He looked down. He saw John gets out from a cab. He reached for his phone. He has to speak with John for a last time.
"Not anymore! He tried to shut me down! I wont let it happen again!" Saw his mate's terrified expression, he changed tactic. "You don't have to be worry, I will take care of you. I love you."
"I have a sponsor. For every life I take, money goes to my kids. The more I kill the better off they'll be. You see? It's nicer than you think."
"I called her back to figure out what do you really feel. If you wanted to be with Mary, you wouldn't be here." Sherlock smirked.
John felt a burning sting on his nape. Sherlock bit him, he realized. Deep down Sherlock knew - even is alpha state - he couldn't bite on his scent glands. But the alpha had to bite, it was written in his core, so he chose a neutral place. John saw stars, he felt the hot pulsation in his groin, but his knees gave up, he spread out on the mattress. Sherlock followed, he leaned on his elbow, not to push John. His thrusts were short and fast.
"He planned it thoroughly." Sherlock paced up and down on the street. "People will believe him because he incorporated the truth with his lies. I have to do something."
John panted, his eyes were closed. Sherlock leaned above him. John counted on the kiss, he wondered what would he taste like on his alpha's tongue.  But John felt copper mixed with salt. What the... He looked up, then he saw the blood on Sherlock's lips.
"You can't tell me what to do!" Sherlock rubbed his chin to John's head. John pinched the bridge of his nose. "You can stop it."
"Right." Sherlock watched the floor, he felt a massive vertigo, so he grabbed the doorframe. He can't cry in front of John. "I excuse for robbing your time."
John poured from the lube again into his palm. He gently oiled his partner's penis with it. Sherlock shivered at the touch. Maybe the omega wants him after all.
"So? There's hospitals full of people dying, doctor. Why don't you go crying their bedside and see what good it does them?"
"So I think you will move back to Baker Street." John offered his neck beyond self-awareness, Sherlock purred.
John went out to the kitchen, Sherlock followed close behind him, like he was afraid John will be disappear again.
Moran is a dead man walking. His time is counted. He is the only barrier between him and the way home.
"There's a name, that no one says. And I'm not going to say you it either. Now, enough chatter. Time to choose."
He stepped close to John and bent his head down. He gently nuzzled his temple, rubbed his cheek to John's. His mind chanted JohnJohnJohnJohnJohn. He should do the hardest step first: leave John.
"So that's it?" Asked John as soon as Sherlock closed the door. "You just give up after two trial, because I didn't fall in your arms immediately?
John was standing in the kitchen with his feet rooted to the ground. He made a tea when a heavy smell hit his nose. Sherlock stood in the living room, naked, his cock proudly erected. His eyes were yellow.
Sherlock's visit on the Yard was successful. Their chin was dropped. Even Lestrade gave him a hug. Everything went too easy, until now.
Sherlock stood face to face with the serial killer, an old man in poor clothes, and glasses. The devil has so many faces. The detective knew, if he call the coppers, the murderer would never tell him with what he persuaded the victims to commit suicide. And he wanted to know, he ached for the knowledge. He wanted to understand. So he got in the taxi.
"How sweet! I can see why you like having them around, people do get so sentimental about their pets. So touchingly loyal, but oops... Rather shown your hand there Dr Watson." A red dot shown on Sherlock's head. "Got ya! Do you know what happens if you don't leave me alone? "
"You're dying, but there's still time to hurt you." Sherlock stepped on his gunshot wound. " The name" Now!" He roared.
Just then he realised... Who do we trust, even if we don't know them?  Who passes unnoticed wherever they go? Who hunts in the middle of a crowd? The taxi driver came for him.
They started on their way, when a black car stopped them. An elegantly dressed man with umbrella got out from the car.
Mrs. Hudson's voice also seemed weird, when she called him that day. She told John she has to visit her sister, so John would stay alone in the flat for few days.
"Of course not! Your damn overprotective nature!" He caught John's arm. "What if I will hurt you badly, and you'll want to leave me after? But I won't let you! You will hate me..."
"I made a mistake. I sent something to Sherlock for safekeeping and now I need it back, so I need your help."
"You said that the victims all took the poison themselves, that he makes them take it. Maybe he talks to them. Maybe he used the death of her daughter somehow" guessed John.
"Your inspector friend and his company found nothing. He escaped." Mycroft gave Sherlock a picture. "Do you heard about her?"
"I understand." John said gently as he stroked Sherlock's hair. "I'm still sure we should give a try. So if you would pick up your lazy butt, we could arrange the shopping, to be ready to your rut."
Sherlock yanked John with him into the pool. The fire heated up the air. Debris and ashes felled from it.
"Good evening, Mycroft. Try not to start a war before a get home, you know what is does with the traffic." Sherlock said goodbye to his brother and leaved with John by his side.
"But I don't feel it!" Sherlock yelled in despair. "I thought when I'll get back to you, it would be okay, but it's not. How could I bond with you without an alpha?"
"I have this theory: all hearts are broken. My brother only interested in omegas once. It wasn't serious, however my brother deeply disappointed in relationships. He didn't thought feelings are right or necessary, cause he was broken. He didn't listened to his wolf anymore, he said it gives him false impressions. But when he met you..."
"Maybe she left it at home." Sherlock was annoyed John always tried to find easy explanations to his questions.
"A little bird told me. You looks good." John doubt that. Mike poked with his head towards John's cane. "I see you are limping. Foot shot?"
"What do you normally say? You've texted him a lot." He knew this, as well as that he sounds jealous, but he can't control himself. Irene only smiled, she was satisfied with herself.
"Gas leak." The room was ruined a bit, and ventilated better as before but Sherlock was fine, only that mattered for John. "How is Sarah? Is her mattress comfy enough?"
"As ever, I'm concerned about you. We have more in common that you'd like to believe. This petty feud between us is simply childish. People will suffer. And you know how it always upset Mummy."
"Yes, I'll heal you." He smoothed John's ribs with his hand, while he also paid attention to the doctor's nipples.
"No." Sherlock get closer to her and touched her wrist again. "Because I took your pulse, elevated" whispered to her ear. "Your pupils dilated." He took her phone. "I imagine John Watson thinks love is a mystery to me but chemistry is incredibly simple and very distractive. When we first met, you said disguise is always a self-portrait. How to review the combination to your safe your measurements, yes, I knew. But this is far more intimate. This is your heart and you should never let it rule your head." As I would never let John rule my heart, I just can't. "You could have chosen any random number and walked out of here with everything you've worked for. You just couldn't resist  it, could you? I've always assumed that love is a dangerous disadvantage. Thank you for the final proof."
He went to the swimming pool where Carl Power died. He understood all of the puzzles were a diversion to the Bruce-Partington project, but he got it.
John clung to his black coat as he slept. Perhaps he had a bad dream again. So Sherlock carefully lay down next to him and spooned John from behind. The doctor didn't woke up, but he stopped sobbing.
"Yeah, but that was ages ago. Why would she still be upset?" John gaped his mouth in outrage. "Not good?"
"I'd told you, but you know what? I already did. Think!" In that moment few armed man pushed John through the door.
"It isn't the same phone. It's new. Someone tired a lot to got one looks like the same. Your blog has a wide community."
Sherlock Holmes wasn't an ordinary alpha. He desperately tried to suppress every instinct, what his inner alpha tried convince. He didn't act territorial, nor get interested about omegas... Dull, useless gender, really. However, he had an omega friend once, Victor Trevor. He was charming, funny, clever even. But when they used to get older, things changed. Sherlock started to feel strange desires, he wanted to possess. His parents told him, it's natural. Sherlock don't wanted this feelings. Especially, when Victor told him, he is not that kind of alpha, as any omega would want.
Sherlock blinked at John with awe. Mating with John was everything what Sherlock longed for, but he wasn't sure he would be able to.
"Shh. You're perfect." He lay on the bed with John on his chest. He sight satisfied. He nuzzled John's forehead. "Lovely. You are lovely. I love you so much."
"John comes home with me." A deep voice grumbled from behind. Before John could turned around, Sherlock grabbed his hip and dug his fingers on it.
Sherlock found himself laying on the ground and John hit him wherever he could. The detective let him. He didn't even tried protect himself, only clutched John's jacket as he feared John would vanish.
"I don't talking about the man from the Military, I talking about you" Shouted Mycroft. " She is a criminal. She spied for Moriarty, and stabbed  you on your back at the first opportunity what given. Why is she so special? Because she is smart? Smart enough to trick you? This is what excites you up? I choose John for you..."
"Yeah, okay, I did. But the flirting is over Sherlock. Daddy's had enough now! Show you what I can do. It's just a friendly warning. Back off! Well, I have loved this, playing our little game."
"You said, you have cameras! You see, he is not okay!" Shouted John. He started to undressing. He has to warming up Sherlock with his body heat, it would be more helpful, than blankets. In the end, both of them was naked. John lay on Sherlock, stroking his hair while covered his face with soft kisses.
"I know what you think. But Irene Adler is only a shiny little thing, what get Sherlock's interest for few moments. It was frivolous, trust me. Flirting with The Women was easier, because it wasn't real emotions behind it. Sherlock Holmes was nothing, only a big intellect without a heart. And you are that heart, Dr Watson, what he's missing. He can't live without you."
John done what Sherlock told him, there was a languorous beauty on his face what filled the alpha with adoration. He cuddled him, his doctor pulled his face into Sherlock's neck.
"I'm in shock, look I've got a blanket!" Sherlock resisted. "And I just caught you a serial killer. More or less."
"Says Mr I slept on you naked all night. And you didn't even bothering with underwear." Even Sherlock's neck and ears were crimson colour.
"That's enough!" John's voice was rigid. He stood on the stairs, worn a jumper with jeans. He heard Sherlock arguing himself, and it upsets him. "You two want a lobotomy? Cause I can arrange it!"
If it was the last night, I would tell John... but I can't, and maybe I never will, because it's complicated and terrifying, and this... this is more simple. He couldn't answer, because a tall and muscular man came for him to take him to his brother.
John sliced his meal like he wanted to murder the chicken again from which the food was made. Sherlock looked him intensely.
It's been two years. Felt like forever without Sherlock. At first his smell was felt on his clothes, furniture, especially on his leather chair. It comforts John a little. But now nothing remained after him. John packed all of Sherlock's stuff in big boxes, even the skull.
"For God's sake!" John started to pull his jacket while Sherlock's alpha enjoyed the doctor closeness.
"Mother. Our mother. This is my brother, Mycroft." John was speechless. There are two of them. It's tragic. "Putting of weight again?"
Sherlock ached for touch him, but he didn't dare. When he took a step towards John uncertainty, John backed away at that moment. He kept the distance between them. It hurt Sherlock.
"Mrs. Adler." There was something very strange in this woman. He can't read hear. Even her smell was confusing. Is she an alpha or an omega?
He was thinking about suicide yesterday... What has changed? He desperately tried to hold on anything to frees him from nightmares, self pity and the throbbing pain in his leg.
Ms. Adler was impressed. She made her admire obvious. John felt himself the third wheel, so he left. If Irene Adler was who Sherlock want's, he won't stand in their way.
"I told you I'm able to handle you." He pressed a kiss to his lips. "Sleep! You will need your strength."
"Good shot." Sherlock told him with his "I knows everything" look. "Need to get the powder burns out of your fingers... Are you all right?"
This chapter is managed to short. I had no more inspiration for this, but I didn't want to wait any longer with the updating.
John felt his alpha licked and nipped the skin of his inner thigh. His cock hardened. Sherlock licked the tip of it.
John felt a finger penetrated him. He counted something else, something much bigger. He didn't expect the alpha be so thoughtful and patient. Sherlock caressed the skin of John's back and the doctor smelled soothing hormones in the air.
John looked down at his leg confused, and realised, he forgot his cane at the restaurant. Sherlock only smiled, until Mrs Hudson wouldn't come to inform him, there's the police in upstairs.
"Lying on you is very good, indeed." Sherlock's voice became serious. "Okay, let's try. But swear to me, if I try to hurt you..."
Sherlock can't breath. He stood in the middle of the room numb and frozen while John left. His chest started to hurt. It hurts so much, like he was shoot in the heart. He collapsed.
"I was so lonely. I felt myself useless. But when I met you, and we started to solve mysteries together, and you healed my psychosomatic limp..."  Maybe it wasn't the right thing to say, it happened with the intellectual part of Sherlock after all, but the alpha only smiled.
"Oh, I get it! You are married to your work." John told in frustration. "You want me to be yours, but you don't want to give anything in return.
Disguised as an attacked priest, Sherlock walked in Mrs Adler's sitting room, to find her naked as a fresh born lamb. In a minute, he dropped out of his role.
"No!" Sherlock firmly refused his help. He got him into enough trouble already. "Go home John!" He used his alpha voice, it was a command.
"God, Sherlock!" He grabbed his lover's hair, and trusted deeper in his mouth. "Sorry! It's too good."
"John..." He said his name softly. His own eyes fixed on John's lips. He leaned closer. First his nose touched the doctor's, his warm breath danced on his cheek while his hand wandered from his blogger's chin to his nape and the other to his hip. John breath was cut off. Sherlock's lips found his. It was tentative and gentle, not tongue or teeth involved. He stroked his face with his long fingers, while also kissed the good doctor's eyebrows and temple. His doctor... Sherlock propped his forehead to John's. They stayed that way for a while.
"Thanks." Mike suddenly stopped walking, like he had a very good idea. "Would you like to visit St. Bart's?"
Before John could realize what is happening, Sherlock threw him on the giant bed and lay on top of him. He licked into the doctor's mouth immediately and rubbed his groin to the other man's. John moaned loudly, raised his hips, totally forgot he should protest. The pleasure was so intense, he could cry. This was Sherlock, his alpha, the man he loved. He still loves him. Of course he loves him. He would always loves him, now and forever, no matter what would happen or what he would do... The bastard!
The detective tried reach the water surface with his blogger after the explosion. He dragged John out. The doctor coughed water up. His head hurt. Someone leaned above him.
"The killer must have driven her to Lauriston Gardens. He could only keep her case by an accident if it was in the car. Nobody could be seen it without drawing attention-particularly a man, which is statistically more likely. So he'd feel compelled to get rid of it. Wouldn't have taken him more than a five minutes to realise his mistake. I checked every backstreet wide enough for a car five minutes from Lauriston Gardens, and anywhere you could dispose of a bulky object without being observed. Took me less than an our to find the right skip."
The funeral was spent in a blur to John. He still saw Sherlock's dead body before his eyes. Sherlock in blood. All of his beautiful face, and his soft black curls were covered in red. He touched his hand to check the pulse, but other people carried away him from Sherlock. Was his hand always that cold? He didn't remember.
"Sherlock?" The concern in John's voice brought the detective to himself. "Don't you feel your temperature gone higher?" As he asked, the smaller man put his hand on Sherlock's forehead. He hummed thoughtfully. "Yes, it almost one hundred percent sure, you going to be rut."
John opened his mouth. Sherlock's tongue licked inside his mouth softly. John started to move his hip. He rubbed his cock to the skin of the alpha's stomach.
But Sherlock has other idea. He gently turned John underneath him while his nose touched John's scent gland.
While he selected the food, out of the tail of his eye he could see someone slipped a letter under the sitting room's door.
"Yes, you are" She was typing on her phone. "There. I'm not dead. Let's have dinner." She sent it to Sherlock.
"No, Sherlock!" John started to panic. Sherlock lifted his head up, he watched his omega face intently.
"I think you know the answer exactly." Mycroft interjected. "He would rather die, than watch you with another person."
"I didn't knew, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself says military. You trained at Bart's, so army doctor, obvious. Your face is tanned, but no tan abroad the wrists. You've been abroad, but no sunbathing. Your limp is really bad when you walk, but you don't ask for a chair when you stand like you forgotten about it, so it's at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic, wounded in action then. Wounded in action, suntan-Afghanistan or Iraq."
On the paper Sherlock's name was written with beautiful letters. Female writing, obvious. And what is inside?
"Shhh. I take care of you." Told Sherlock as now two of his fingers slid in and out from John's hole.
"You all right?" He took the parka off from John with rapid movements and tossed it far away from them. "Are you all right?" He desperately asked him again. It costed all of his self control to not scenting or petting John right there.
There was a little present box. Sherlock retreated to his room. The box contained her mobile. Sherlock called his brother immediately.
"Who'd be a fan of Sherlock Holmes?" Well, that's get better and better. "You're not the only one to enjoy a good murder. There's others out there just like you, except you're just a man. And they're so much more than that."
"Well, which one then? Just so I know whether I could have beaten you. Come on! Play the game." Oh, he knows Sherlock's weakness. The detective picked one of the bottles. "So what do you think? Can you beat me? Are you clever enough to bet your life? I bet you get bored. I know you do. A man like you. So clever. Bot what's the point of being clever if you can't prove it?"
Everything happened so fast, but when a warm tongue licked a wet path under his chin, John felt it was time to take control a little. He took Sherlock's face between his hands.
"I'm thinking on it for a while. I have feelings for you, you know. Of course you know, and I know it's one-sided. I understand. As you told me once I'm old, broken... Why would you wanted me? But I won't stay pine for you. I will respect myself. I move on."
"Come here Sherlock!" John breathed heavily. Sherlock knelt down to him, nuzzled into his neck immediately.
"Simple. You don't have a smell. It's not natural, you needed to cover it with drugs. Why would an alpha or a beta covet their scent? You were right. The police don't consult amateurs." He proven. He proven John, he is a clever alpha.
Mary Morstan worked as an assistant next to John. She was a beta, kind, smart and funny. She dragged John to cinema, took him walking in the city, invited him to have dinner. When John asked:
"I have cameras in the flat, you know. I see everything, I have take an eye of my brother. You left, he collapsed."
"Her coat slightly damp, she's been in heavy rain the last few hours. No rain anywhere in London that time. Under her coat the collar is damp too. She's turned it up against the wind. She' got an umbrella in her pocket but it's dry and unused. Wind was too strong to use her umbrella. We know from her suitcase that she was intending to stay overnight but she can't have travelled more than two or three hours because her coat still hasn't dried. Where has there been heavy rain and strong wind within the radius of that travel time?" Sherlock shoved his phone to Lestrade. "Cardiff."
"You can move." The alpha dick stretched him uncomfortably from inside, but he didn't want Sherlock has to wait.
Kitty was a little surprised when she saw her two uninvited guests on her couch, but her shock was nothing compared to the detective's and his blogger's when Jim Moriarty appeared in Kitty's flat as Richard Brook.
The entrance of the flat opened, and Mrs Hudson welcomed them. Sherlock stepped forward and ran up the stairs. He waited until John slowly limped after him, then led him around the flat.
It was true. Mostly. But sometimes he felt irresistible desire to crave inside John, to being bond to him inseparably. However he knew John is extremely loyal to him, he got himself he wants to close John in their bedroom so that only he could see, touch and speak with him.
"Of course she had a suitcase. Someone else was here, and took it. So the killer must have driven here. Forgot the case was in the car."
"Since you..." John went rigid, and Sherlock knew the unspoken answer immediately. When he "died", John moved to his room. He saw John sleep in his bed, and John thought that bedroom as his own. Fantastic! Sherlock was glad. But he couldn't allow John to remember his "death" to be angry or sad again. So he tried to divert his attention.
"I said, no. You were close, but you enjoyed the game too much. It would be fine, only sentiment you didn't count with. Sentiment is a chemical defect found on the loosing side. "
"The guys will keep looking, or you could help us properly and I'll stand them down. Sherlock, this is our case. I'm letting you in, but you do not go off on your own" argued Lestrade.
"I'm not his date!" John denied vehemently. Angelo didn't bothered himself, and told John how Sherlock saved him from prison.
"Before you met with Sherlock, you considered your own suicide. If you did, you would never known him. I know you see everything in dark now, but good things will wait for you, if you give yourself time." Good things? What good things? John looked at Mycroft as he would be crazy. "I remind you I have cameras in the flat. I recommend you don't do any stupid. Oh, and don't mind search after your gun."
"So you trusted better in Molly and few homeless instead of me?" John wasn't only angry, he was deeply disappointed in Sherlock. "Oh, God! Your parents also knew, that's why they didn't came to your funeral."
As John packed the food they bought, he wondered it wouldn't have been better if he had let Sherlock's alpha bite him. John wanted to wait with the bonding - besides it had to happen with Sherlock's permission - because it was more successful and stronger if it happened during a heat. The bite out of heat caused pseudo heat, and although bonding was still possible, it wasn't natural.
So when he heard a knock on the front door, John was relieved. But instead of a black curly head, a blond one appeared in the flat.
"Sherlock's business bloomed since you two works together." Mycroft told John. "I just recommended him a case." He got up from John's armchair an gave him a file. "Andrew West, a civil servant was found dead at the station this morning, he was worked on a missile defense system for the Ministry. Bruce-Partington project. The project was on a pen drive, it's missing. West could take it with him. It must be found, before it falls into wrong hands."
John told Mrs. Hudson he would move out from the flat to move together with Mary. He didn't want to Mary live in Baker Street, it just wouldn't be right.
"Sherlock, would you please explain me, because I don't understand!" John  turned to him, but Sherlock was too angry to do something else as snarling viciously to Moriarty.
"Well, the older one did. But Sherlock helped me to get rid of from my enemy, so I can come back to you."
John turned and faced with the genius. Sherlock nodded at his brother and started to led the doctor towards the corridor. His room placed at the end of it.
John stopped beating him. His expression reflected shock. He wanted Sherlock to be alive of course, but he can't just forgive so simple what Sherlock done to him.
"But we both know it's not quite true." Sherlock blinked. He started to sweating his shirt over. "Well, I'd be better be off. So nice to had a proper chat."
The bedroom's door opened unexpectedly and a familiar figure came in. John sighed with relief, he almost forgot his anger.
"I don't. I just like to watch them all competing. Aren't ordinary people adorable? Well you know, you've got John."
"It would be useless, John. I consulted with a gender specialist. His opinion is only the chosen omega can move out from this state."
"The hell?" He quickly checked him. "What's wrong?" Sherlock pressed his head to John's abdomen. "What is this tantrum about? You scared me. It was only a drink with a friend. It doesn't matter he is an alpha." John massaged his scalp.
"I know. And this is just loosing." He showed her what he typed into the phone, what was the code. I am Sherlocked. He gave the phone to his brother. "Kept the contents make up for any inconvenience I may occurred you tonight."
A taxi arrived outside and it caught Sherlock's attention. Nobody getting in, and nobody getting out. Why a taxi? Oh, that's clever! Sherlock jumped up and ran out of the restaurant, John ran out after him.
"I can't take all the credit. Jim Moriarty says hi! He helped me a lot... to deal with the Holmes brothers. He calls you the Iceman, and your little brother the Virgin."
"Sebastian Moran. He is your last target. When you are done with him, you can return back to London." MH
"What about these suicides then, Sherlock? I thought that would be right up your street. Three exactly the same.
"You did an excellent job, Dr. Watson. Like Sherlock never lived here." It was a cutting remark from Mycroft.
The Woman started to read aloud her texts she wrote to Sherlock, while John tried to cover his hurt feelings.
"Then let your alpha guide you, for God's sake!" Sherlock seemed considering it, finally he stood up. He went to John, and cuddled him.
It took a couple months, but Mycroft’s team finally found them hiding in Montana. Sherlock arranged the flight and packed John’s things himself. It was easy since he hadn’t brought much with him when he moved back into Baker Street all those months before. It pained him to see his friend leave but he knew it was for the best. John still wasn’t sure.
“No, I wouldn’t be in the same room as her.” John let himself smile a little, he could see the cogs in Sherlock’s brain working, but it wasn’t clicking, not yet, he’d have to spell it out for him.
"He has to know. He knows everything." Sherlock said quietly, causing John to raise his eyebrows in surprise.
Sherlock whined and John laughed, loudly. That sound did echo through the halls, so much so, that Molly opened a door at the end of it.
“Nice talkin to ya.” She said quietly, swiveling around in the room looking for something to do before she gave up and headed to her own room.
"Well..." John breathed, "Good... Very good." He sniffed, settling into his chair across from Sherlock.
“It sure has.” She smiled widely, “But uh, yeah... I guess I’ll just make my way to a hotel of some sort. Didn’t think this trip through completely.” She laughed awkwardly, tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear.
"Really, Sherlock. His name is Gregory." His arch enemy had his hands stuffed in his pocket, "And no, I came to see you. Gregory just told me you were here."
"Yes, when you bonded... Was it an instant love connection, or?" John asked and waiting for his answer.
He ran down streets and through alleyways, remembering that first run through London with Sherlock, how alive he’d felt. This was easily comparable to that. This time he knew what he was running for. He was running towards his future, his unpredictable future. Baker Street wasn’t far, he made it in no time, at least that’s how it felt. As he stood outside of the door, catching his breath, he heard the faint sounds of violin music coming from the flat. He smiled, the tune was slow and melancholy.
However it was real, it happened, and they had to continue on with their lives. They had to be who the world expected them to be, they had to be the consulting detective and the blogger, they had to help the helpless.
“You’re in London.” She replied simply, “There’s no one as brilliant as Sherlock Holmes in Providence, Rhode Island.”
“Well?” Sherlock asked, barely looking up from his thinking pose where he was laid out across five chairs in the waiting area.
"And another thing, Anderson, I will not allow your incredible stupidity..." He stopped suddenly, realizing it was just him and John and they were alone... And in a different part of the hospital, "Oh." He lowered his finger, which he found suddenly stiff.
It's bloodlines, you could have found another person with one of them before John." He squeeze Sherlock's hand and Sherlock looked down, his brow creased in confusion before he realized.
John stopped listening, he closed his eyes, concentrating as hard as he could, he opened them for a split second as Sherlock said,
"What?" Lestrade asked, Mycroft shot him his 'we'll talk about this later' look and he closed his gaping mouth.
"This is... Crazy," John said, thrusting his back against the couch, but soon finding he felt cold without Sherlock's shoulder pressed into his and sat up. George smiled at this action.
“It’s it obvious?” He stopped his pacing, glancing up from the floor to Sherlock, his eyes threatening, “I just wanted to show you that I’m real. That the video wasn’t some pre-recorded prank.” He stepped closer to the detective, “I’m here, Sherlock. I’m not going anywhere.” He shook his head, his smile still wide, “Not ever.” He whispered, stepping even closer to the detective before John shifted in front of him, creating a barrier between him and Sherlock.
“Eighteen years ago.” She replied sadly, looking down at her twisted hands, “I was two, she gave me up.” She shrugged, smiling sadly at the two men.
"You were the one who agreed to this ridiculous article, and now you're nervous that Moriarty might use the knowledge of our bond against us!" Sherlock droned as John stood before him, worry budding in his gut.
"I'll go... But I'm not going far. I'm not going to come back just in time to..." He rolled his eyes, searching for the most ridiculous thing, "I don't know, to watch you fall off a building or something." He walked to Sherlock, taking the man's face between his hands, "Don't get too close to him, he could very well push you, and then where would we be?"
"Puns, so boring." He ran a hand through John's short blonde locks, letting that hand rest on the side of John's face, just at the crease of his neck, "Don't ruin the moment." John smiled incredulously up at the detective, and he used his own free hand to pull the man's face back down to his, increasing the passion of the kiss a bit more than before. They stood there, on a frozen street, kissing one another for the second time, as though they'd never be able to again.
"Therapists." He scoffed to himself and sighed. He supposed he could write about his immense amounts of research on soul mates. His time training to be a doctor meant sitting through a lot of classes on the matter. Slowly, he began to type.
, living our lives." He shrugged and before he turned he stopped and smiled, "You know where we live, I expect to see you there later tonight. For the story." He smirked and turned, heading back to his seat. Kitty stood in the halls, baffled before it clicked, with a smile, she was off.
"Are you alright." He said, desperately staring into his eyes. John closed his eyes and brought his hands up to take Sherlock's off of his face. Their hands lingered together for a moment longer than John would have ever admitted to. It grounded him, Sherlock's hands in his own; he released them upon realizing that he shouldn't be thinking these things about his male flat mate.
believed in soul mates once, and that was only because he didn't know how anyone could put up with his idiot older brother.
"If you already know what I'm thinking, then we have no need to discuss this matter further." Sherlock said, still refusing to look at John as his fingers played at his lips.
"Sherlock." He shouted in an accent very close to John's, "I knew it. I knew I was right all along." His visions with John were much shorter and he smiled as he released the soldiers hand, he looked to Sherlock, "If I were you, I'd do what John wants. His future, with the way he's thinking now, is much brighter for the both of you." George raised his eyebrows as he turned and walked back to his chair, "Think about it Mr. Holmes. Either way you're going to fall, you just have to decide which one will be better."
“ID, passport, ticket.” The guard said, bored with their job. John stood there, clutching his bags and his passport and his ticket, and suddenly he didn’t care anymore. So what if Sherlock wasn’t there, not everything was about fate. He looked at the guard and shook his head, backtracking. After quite a few steps of walking backwards, he turned, breaking into a full sprint across the airport. He dropped his ticket on his way, but it didn’t matter. Maybe someone would pick it up and get a free trip to Montana.
He said to John, hoping he could still hear him as he stood, preparing himself for his rooftop encounter with the consulting criminal. He ascended the stairs, stepping through the door to find Moriarty sitting on the edge, listening to Stayin Alive. He rolled his eyes, this man was insane.
The surge of passion that coursed through him in that moment was enough to send Sherlock right over the edge of his orgasm, but he held back, knowing that John was just getting started and wouldn't want it to be over so soon. But the possessiveness that he'd just born witness to was overloading his senses and he couldn't figure out what to do with himself. Years of training his focus had just been overruled by a few simple words. Suddenly he was achingly hard and the hand John had wrapped around him wasn't enough contact, the simple tugging wasn't nearly enough friction, he needed more. He needed to feel full, to feel whole.
“I was at a pub watchin a match when it interrupted. Haven’t been to the Yard yet. Got the call about Mary and hurried over, picked up Mrs. Hudson along the way.”
When he looked sideways at Sherlock, he saw the man tilting his head, no doubt trying to deduce what he was about to say, but John knew he wouldn’t see this coming, he couldn’t possibly. He had no idea of John’s feelings for him, he couldn’t have, or he would have been acting different toward him. Sherlock’s poor self-esteem no doubt had something to do with the fact that he couldn’t see what was right in front of him, and for once, though he hated it, John was a little bit thankful.
Moriarty was a certified dick head. John thought to himself as he stared down at the bomb strapped around him. He knew he might one day die for Sherlock Holmes, but he never imagined it'd be like this. A crazy Irishman yapping in his ear and wearing a parka in a pool. Such an interesting turn of events.
"Because we wanted to get away from Lestrade as soon as possible?" Sherlock asked, and John looked up at him, they allowed themselves to laugh for a brief moment, until the brevity of their situation set in.
"Sounds lovely." John smiled, crossing his legs and awaiting the beautiful music his mate was about to make.
He completed via thought. John laughed, shaking his head. He leaned forward and set his cup on the table after taking a big drink. When his back hit the couch again, this time his arm was up and snaking around Sherlock's shoulders, pulling the man closer to him. The moment his finger tips hit the detective's shoulder, a spark of sorts shot through him, calming his nerves in an instant. It was as if all the chatter and neurons firing in his brain ceased, and he was at peace. John felt it too, not as much as Sherlock, as his brain never moved that much. Sherlock rested his head beneath John's chin, closing his eyes. Before the cup fell from his hands, John grabbed it, setting it beside him on the couch,
“You’ve brought someone, not Mary.” The detective said, leaning back from his place at the kitchen table where he was experimenting on a finger.
“Alright, Sherlock, uh, mate...” He winced slightly at his use of the friendly term, it wasn’t the first time the word felt foreign on his tongue, “I’ve been thinking, and it’s time for me to move out of that flat I had with Mary.”
“Oh, who’s this?” She smiled wider, walking more into the flat. Olivia stood, offering her Sherlock’s chair, “Thank you.” Mary said, taking the seat, a protective hand still resting on her stomach.
"Indeed we do." Though he was mildly certain he already knew what they were feeling differently about. His side tingled with the urge to lean over and press against John; for the moment, he allowed himself to give into the need. He and John refused to look at one another, but he could hear in the back of John's mind, a small inkling of a contented sigh.
There was a brief squint of Sherlock's eyes as they released one another's hands and they realized simultaneously that neither of them were surprised, and also that neither had been expecting a thing.
“This won’t do.” Sherlock sighed, picking her up and staring into her face, “We’ve got to do something about that.” Violet smiled, drool dripping from her mouth down onto Sherlock’s trousers. He followed the trail of liquid, looking back up after it his, unamused.
"Well then I'm not going, either." John concluded, looking past Sherlock to the client from the previous day.
"Well you said a client contacted you, I'd assume they weren't lying." Sherlock stared across at him, his eyes flitting around to the other patrons and employees.
“Moriarty is comparing himself to the fairy tale character Rumpelstiltskin, the one who makes deals in exchange for the first born child of a person... And...” Sherlock stopped talking as he saw Mary’s face change.
Sherlock said and John stopped walking as he turned onto Baker Street, the cars were moving and people were walking.
They climbed the steps to 221B and stumbled inside, still unsure of how they felt about the recent events. John was staring at his hands, the burns were beginning to fade. Sherlock was doing the same, staring at the backs of his hands. The burns on him, however, were not fading. Not at all. John glanced up at Sherlock, and again, thought he could see an aura surrounding the man. It was almost the same as it was at the pool, only this time it was pulsing quicker.
“He’s already collected.” Mary shook her head, “I... Did a few things for him in return; Took care of a few people-” She held her hand to her head, breathing heavily.
"Care to give a statement?" She asked, pulling out her recording device, "You and Sherlock, just friends?"
"That might be the nicest thing you've ever said about him." John laughed and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“I do.” He said, heading up the stairs. Olivia looked around, taking in all the features of the entry way before following John up the stairs.
"Yeah." John said again, softer this time as he looked up at Sherlock, their faces dangerously close to one another's. He could hear Sherlock's hear rate increase, and was sure the detective could hear his as well as there were no other sounds around them to take away from the super hearing. John's tongue darted out, quickly wetting his lips and Sherlock knew instantly what was crossing his mind, and he wouldn't have had to be a mind reader to know.
"Freeze him." John whispered, wondering why he hadn't done that already. The cab arrived at Bart's and he got out, looking up to see Sherlock holding Moriarty out over the edge. He quickly pulled him back and John continued to listen to their conversation. He got an idea and pulled out his phone, dialing Mycroft, but first he hid behind the ambulance station, knowing there was a sniper somewhere out there that was aiming at him.
"Oi, shut it." He said, Mycroft stifled a laugh, "John, when Molly first got 'ere... There was a moment when you moved out of nowhere... One second you were next to uh... Jeanette, and the next you were behind her."
“What does he ever want?” Sherlock asked, “I just can’t fathom how he did it.” He scoffed audibly at himself, “He shot himself in front of me, and now he’s back?” He shook his head,
"Shut up." John said, breaking Sherlock's thought. The detective stared at John intently, their eyes meeting in a half gaze, half stare down. Sherlock furrowed his brow for a moment, trying to listen into what John was thinking in that second.
John said, his shoulders slumping, he didn't move his hands from his waistband. He had his fingertips on his gun,
"And in the fourth year? How did you two finally establish your connection?" John was enthralled, he'd never heard the story.
“She could have.” John cut him off, his eyes staring daggers into the detectives, “Okay, she knew...” He stopped, calming himself again, “She knew exactly what it was like for me after I watched you...” He cut himself off, but Sherlock knew how that sentence ended, “And she put me back together, so she knew. And then she shot you. She knew I’d find you. She couldn’t have possibly been thinking about me in that instance, because finding you near death...” He shook his head, going back to his researching. Sherlock smiled sadly across at his friend before looking back to his own computer.
“No, what?” John laughed, cutting off Sherlock mid-sentence, “I don’t, uh, what I mean to say is, I don’t want to find a new flat.”
“They’ll be ecstatic.” Sherlock smiled, genuinely smiled at John, “They assumed they’d never be...” He stopped his sentence, John understood him.
John had tears streaming down his cheeks, as did Mrs. Hudson, who was still watching them, holding her hands over her heart. Sherlock began slipping John's ring onto his finger as he continued.
"What were you saying, Sherlock?" John asked, Molly looked to the blonde doctor and opened her mouth in slight confusion before looking up expectantly at Sherlock.
"Because Mycroft paid for this," A scoff, "It's a two week stay in New Zealand," Another scoff, "And I want to have you on that plane." John answered plainly. Sherlock almost scoffed again until he registered what John's last sentence was, and when he did he breathed in deep to quell the fire that he'd just remembered was kindled already, "I can feel that you know." John said, smiling to himself.
"Sit, sit!" The Teller said, "You'll find that the closer you are at the beginning of your bond, the better you'll feel. the nausea you're feeling, John? It
“Oh you don’t have a place to stay?” Mrs. Hudson asked, her fretful look returning, “You poor dear.”
He’d had doubts in his relationship with Mary from the moment a disguised Sherlock came back into his life, and he should have listened to that gut instinct that told him to run. It told him to go to Baker Street and never look back; yet he ignored it, because he’d gotten himself engaged and made vows, and it was a mess from the start.
"Just go back to bed, would you." He turned around and stomped up the stairs to his room, if Sherlock was going to his mind palace, it would take all of John's concentration not to follow him there. He would rather sleep.
"That'd be too easy." John said, half smiling at the aggravated detective. He found him mildly cute when he got like this.
"John?" He heard the unsure voice of Sherlock Holmes ask after a few moments, he opened his eyes to see Sherlock sitting up, looking around confused. John sighed in relief and stepped forward.
John dragged his fingertips lightly down from Sherlock's hips to his thighs and a shiver ran through him, the slight ticklishness he had sent his whole body into a mess of goosebumps. John hummed in pleasure around him and Sherlock could feel his erection as if it were his own, which technically it was. The loop of sensation was almost too intense, and yet oddly it still wasn't enough.
"You'll save me." Sherlock smirked, "It's your specialty." John shook his head and leaned in, pressing a chaste kiss to his forehead. Sherlock let his eyes fall shut for that moment, reaching up and grabbing onto John's wrists. He removed John's hands from his face and held them together, kissing his knuckles before John finally pulled away.
"No." John shook his head, the word came out as a low growl, his smile slightly angry, slightly annoyed, his eyes shining as he looked up at his mate, "Don't cheapen this with your rude facade, you know exactly what I mean. You are... You have-" He sighed, using his free hand to pinch this bridge of his nose. Sherlock opened his mouth to speak but shut it again, feeling John's inner turmoil. He tilted his head in slight confusion, though understanding dawned on him as John looked back up at him again.
"Why are we running?" John asked when they stopped to catch their breaths, "We froze em, everything around us freezes... So again I ask, why are we running?"
Sherlock was busy posting deductions on his website about the random people in the waiting room of the hospital when Lestrade, Molly and Mrs. Hudson all appeared at once. He looked up from his phone and immediately rolled his eyes, not wanting the hugs he was sure he was about to get.
"Increased understanding of sarcasm," John joked, turning to look at Sherlock, who was staring at him, his eyes gleaming with something, "What?" John asked.
"Sherlock!" John called after the detective as he watched the cab pull away from the yard. With an annoyed grumble he caught the next one, clenching his fist nervously as he glared out the window on his way back to Baker Street.
Seeing Sherlock at the tarmac was particularly hard, because he knew what it meant when Sherlock said six months. He was going to die, there was no doubt about it. This would be the last time they’d see each other, and this time there would be no tricks and no goodbye phone calls. That was it, there in front of that plane. He shook the man’s hand, though he really wanted to hug him, but thought it’d be inappropriate, Sherlock didn’t appreciate hugs. He’d hugged him once, that was at his wedding, and he received no response, so that was the last time he’d tried that. Then his worst nightmare came true.
If John got what he truly wanted from Sherlock after all this was over, Molly would surely never come round again.
He’d imagined that he would hear those words from those lips in a more private setting, perhaps across candle light at Angelo’s, or over a cup of tea at Baker Street. He’d thought they would be said to him, and only him. Not to Molly Hooper, and certainly not to prevent her death.
"Sherlock!" He shouted, squeezing his eyes shut and waiting, waiting for the sound that would mean the end of everything, but it never came. In fact, there were no sounds at all. He opened his eyes, his breathing rapid, but it hitched the moment he saw it. Sherlock was suspended in the air, a few feet away from the pavement, "Sherlock." He said quietly, running up to the frozen man, "Did I..." He reached out and touched him, a laugh escaping his lips. He looked around, everyone else was frozen as well. He doubled over, breathing heavily, the weight lifted off his shoulders and he let a few tears of relief slip out as well, "You bloody great git!" He growled, reaching out again and trying to decide the best way to pull Sherlock out of the air. He first pulled on the detective's arm, but then decided it might be easier to just turn the man into a standing position, his legs on the ground, so that's what he did. He bent the detective's waist, moving his legs down until his feet touched the ground. Though he was frozen, he wasn't any lighter, so John struggled a bit in the process of moving him. Once he had Sherlock standing, he thought that was a bad idea, thinking what if he continued to fall at full speed when he unfroze him, then his legs would be broken.
John slammed into his bed, not caring if he seemed childish. He sat with his back against the headboard, his arms crossed, trying hard not to be angry with Sherlock's brush off of his sentiment, but he couldn't help it. He knew that what he felt was real, it wasn't an illusion of the bond. It was genuine.
"No, it's the cafeteria. You didn't think we'd allow you to force us upstairs?" John pulled Sherlock into him, twirling him around the empty floor, "Plus there's more room for us to dance here." Sherlock suddenly grabbed John's hand, spinning him around and dipping him, John laughed, tossing his head back and going with the flow.
"What's going on?" Molly asked quietly, leaning into Mrs. Hudson, who was watching the boys with wide eyes.
"Doesn't surprise me." John grinned widely across at his mate, "I should have known something would be going on here."
“Shouldn’t your priority be protecting that new baby of yours?” Moriarty asked, turning his gaze to Olivia in the corner of the room, “Oh! Is that her nanny?” He asked suddenly, he then began to walk lightly to them and Mary stood, creating a barrier herself, this time, before John could move.
"That makes no sense." John shook his head, but decided to lay the detective flat onto the ground, so it wouldn't matter if there was any gravitational pull when he unfroze him, there'd be absolutely nowhere for him to go. He stepped back after he finished and admired his handy work. He was about to unfreeze things when he stopped, wondering if when he unfroze them, would Moriarty also unfreeze. He looked up, deciding to run up there and take Moriarty down while he was frozen. He ran up to the roof, walking out to see the frozen criminal, his hand in the shape they would be if he was holding a gun in his mouth, but the gun was gone. He laughed, walking up to face the monster. He lowered the man's hands, laughing again at the wild look on his face. He then turned, clenching his fist, he thought, he might as well. He reared back and swung that fist with all his might, punching the consulting criminal straight in his face.
“Of course I do, you’ve repeated half the words that I’ve said about you back to me just now in your speech, and you can’t believe that I love you as well?” Sherlock’s voice held a hint of humor that John didn’t miss, but he couldn’t find it in himself to laugh, his heart raced, his palm was probably sweating against Sherlock’s cheek, but he couldn’t move.
“Well, I’ve weighed the outcomes of a lot of different decisions, and I came up with that one based on the idea that you and I...”
“So in fact-” John stared as deja-vu settling in, John thought back to when he asked Sherlock to be his best man, “Y-you mean-”
"It's occurred to me that I wasn't upset because you were showing off. I was upset because you practiced without me. You sod." He stood, smirking and John walked to him, mouth agape.
"I would hope your skills as a Detective Inspector would help you to know when someone is lying." John smiled, and Lestrade almost punched him.
“Olivia, wait!” Mary shouted, handing Violet off to John as she followed her other daughter down the stairs. John hesitated before placing Violet on Sherlock’s lap and running after them. Sherlock opened his eyes at the added pressure, looking down at the cooing baby who was leaning helplessly against his arms.
; to stop everything." He responded briefly and quietly. John stayed silent, listening to the thoughts running through Sherlock's head. He decided to calm them the best he could, so he began running his free hand through the detective's hair. Sherlock groaned in response and closed his eyes. John listened as his thoughts ceased and all that was left was the hum of appreciation.
"Sherlock." John said suddenly and the detective opened his eyes, looking down at John, "What just happened?"
They wandered around, blindly fumbling from one place to the next, never realizing their full potential. Until one day, The Great Holy Being in the sky split everyone in half, giving them a new purpose: to find that other part of themselves.
John told him, squeezing his arm slightly before turning back to Mycroft, who was staring across at the two men incredulously.
“Enough, enough. Let’s get this baby out of you, already.” The detective demanded, pushing one of the nurses out of the way and holding up Mary’s foot on his own, John shook his head, laughing as Sherlock shouted, “Now push!”
He said without glancing up. John sighed, wrapping his hand around Sherlock's wrist. They sat there for a few moments, feeling nothing but each other's heartbeats.
"I know, it's strange, for someone who pays so much attention, you don't pay much at all. And that doesn't make sense. But it makes so much sense." John said, confusing himself slightly.
John rubbed his hand down Sherlock's front, landing along the front of his trousers, which were beginning to grow tight. Sherlock let out a throaty groan at the contact,
"Holmes." He said, annoyance in his voice although it was still early in the day. The voice on the other end began to spout off a story about photos and a dominatrix.
Sherlock warned via his thoughts and John slowly stopped laughing, reaching over and patting the detective twice on the shoulder.
"Why should I? You just wanna arrest me, you wanna figure things out about me!" The man shouted, his hand shaking.
“Yes, good.” John replied, taking Mary’s hand into his, “Come on, Mary.” He began to walk with her to the stairs before turning back, “Sherlock!” He shouted.
"No. They were two men as well." George said, "What I'm saying is, your families are two of the originals, your names have been in this since the beginning, since the formation of the bonds. It may have been predestined, but not by any deity."
"Yes, but I knew you'd start deducing my reasoning behind coming here instead of going to our regular place like Angelo's, which I admit, might have been better suited. But I was aiming to impress, and even now, I realize, was a stupid idea."
"No, he let me move in with him. I didn't want to go back home, for obvious reasons. He said to come stay with him. And things escalated from there." He sighed and John knew story time was over, though he was completely interested in it, "What's this all about, John?"
“Yes.” John laughed, “No not in a bad way, though. Thank you.” He said, looking at her again, laughing harder at the way she hugged the boxes to her, her face wide eyed and confused. Once he calmed down he sniffed, wiping at his eyes before looking at her again, “I’m okay, thank you though, really.”
“I suppose... H-how did you find out where I live?” John asked, turning away from the door slightly before looking back.
“Kay!” Olivia shouted, “Night!” She waved, though he couldn’t see her and as the door to Sherlock’s room shut, she folded her hands in front of her, looking down at them sadly,
As much as he wanted to see his daughter, he didn’t want to leave Sherlock behind even more. He knew if he left now he’d never come back, it was as if he’d be going into witness protection. At least that’s how Mycroft made it seem.
Still they carried on, and John thought it was all over the moment Euros told him he’d have to kill one of them; though they shared much over the years, there was still a small fraction of doubt inside of John. He didn’t think he mattered to Sherlock, not as much as Mycroft. His level of intellect could never compare to that of the elder Holmes, even though he knew Sherlock thought of him as superhuman, even though he knew how much he meant to the detective, though his deduction skills were not nearly as refined. Mycroft was still family.
“Olivia Green.” She said softly, holding out her hand to the elder Holmes who shook it slowly, no doubt deducing every detail of the girls life, his eyebrows so high they were almost to his hair line.
"No one will believe it." John said, suddenly snapping out of it, looking around he was in his own cab.
“Yeah.” Mary said, an accent returning a bit, “We’ve already grown accustomed to having you around, besides, who else will babysit for us? Sherlock?” She began laughing and John turned quickly.
"We just need to figure out what." John sighed, climbing into the car before Sherlock. Sherlock closed the door and leaned against the side, running his hand over his lips as he stared out across the passing houses.
"No, inspector." Sherlock said, not looking up from his work on the computer with the camera, and it progressed from there.
John reminded him and he looked down at his sheet wrapped around his body. With a scoff he tugged on a suit and bound out of his room.
"Who cares." Sherlock responded, interlacing his fingers with John suddenly, making the blogger smile and his stomach flip, "I felt that." Sherlock said, looking back at the man.
He heard the faintest whisper from Sherlock in the back of his mind. He looked over to briefly lock eyes with the consulting detective who looked bored to death, listening to a conversation between a very knackered Mrs. Hudson, a slightly sloshed Molly and a completely sober Lestrade.
"Undoubtedly, it would seem she has an affinity for her assistant and I'm sending in the American's." The elder Holmes stood, shaking the other man's hand and with a raise of his eyebrows, left.
"Could be good," He sighed, "Plus, if we get really good at it, we can go bother Mycroft. Rearrange important papers on his desk."
"I will never get used to that." Molly laughed, shaking her head, "How long were we frozen?" She asked.
ringing through his mind. Mycroft stood emotionless and finally spoke again, "That's the last time I'm trying that." With an eye roll he stepped around the stunned John and entered the flat.
“What about you? Sharing a room with your child wouldn’t be unheard of, but it would certainly be unfavorable as she gets older.”
“R stands for Rebecca. Clearly.” He shook his head, not wanting to let on that he knew what it the A stood for as well, “A.G. Though.... Annie Green... Why couldn’t I figure that out?” He then turned to Sherlock who was glancing at him sideways, “You did, though, didn’t you?”
"I'm sorry, Mr. Holmes. I shouldn't have allowed myself... It was just so tempting." George called after the two men, making them stop in their tracks and turn back around.
He arrived at the flat, only to be met with Sherlock arriving behind him in a cab. They shook hands, nothing happened, nothing at all.
Then he died, like the bloody prat that he is, he went and jumped off a building. John grieved for two years, sometimes he’d think he was still grieving his loss. He closed his eyes at night and saw him walk towards him, enticing him to visit that first crime scene with him, then he’d look up and see him falling. Then he’d wake up, and it didn’t matter that he was alive, he still felt like he’d be dead.
“You wouldn’t clean your room, you crazy git.” He laughed to himself, settling down against a pillow, he shuffled awkwardly, getting the blanket free from beneath him and as he made himself comfortable he turned onto his side, turning his face into the pillow. As he closed his eyes he inhaled deeply, the familiar scent of smoke and chemicals filling his lungs. As he breathed out he sighed a name, not just any name, the name that meant the most to him at that moment, the name of the person he’d just discovered would do anything for him, “Sherlock.”
"He didn't. Not at first. He said the bond was a distraction and completely inconvenient. But then, I caught my wife in bed with another man, and well I guess I was sending such horrible feelings through the bond, Mycroft came right to me. Said he was worried I was being murdered or had been kidnapped. Said he was relieved it was just my wife, and had I asked him, he would have told me she was cheating on me. It was so painfully obvious."
"There we go." John growled, standing as well, just as Mrs. Hudson walked up the stairs in a hurry, a worried look plastered on her face.
“I know.” John said into Sherlock’s coat collar, “I’ll miss you.” He managed to say, they remained in the embrace for a few moments longer, finding a strange comfort in each others touch. Something new, they’d just discovered, and yet had no more time left to study further.
"You are." John set his mind at ease, "But I told you, that I could absorb powers. I said I was like Rogue from X-Men."
"Sherlock Holmes and John Watson!" He exclaimed, clapping his hands together, smiling brilliantly, "I've been waiting for you!" He stepped aside and ushered them in. John's eyes fell to the man's feet, which were covered by fuzzy blue slippers. Sherlock took notice of, well, everything. From his Einstein-esque brown hair to his ratted robe to the flannel PJ's he wore beneath it before finally landing on the fingerless gloves he had on his hands.
. Some believed they'd found theirs, but their brains were obviously clouded by adrenaline and dopamine far too much to realize that it was a false chemical reaction. Those who hadn't found love, or a soul mate, wandered around miserable and depressed, usually resulting in suicide or drug use. He'd almost allowed himself to fall victim to that, but soon realized that he was
“Ah, right, Sherlock.” He hurried up the steps and Mary and Olivia hurried after him. They all ran into the flat to find Sherlock on the floor with Violet, trying to teach her how to hold her head up on her own and crawl.
"No!" She replied, turning the corner and almost running into Mycroft who scooted quickly aside as to avoid the woman. The elder Holmes ascended the steps and reached the top, coming face to face with the doctor.
“If you don’t hurry, you’ll miss your flight.” Sherlock warned, backing away from John after they’d released each other.
"Jeanette was wrong, you're a rubbish boyfriend." He sighed and with a wink he descended the steps, leaving an extremely surprised and slightly blushing John in his wake.
John rolled his eyes and did as Sherlock said, closing his eyes. He and Sherlock stood in the middle of a busy sidewalk, their eyes closed, facing one another. People passed and stared, some whispered, a few took pictures. But they didn't notice. Sherlock was completely inside himself, and John was along for the stroll. They walked the same path they'd traveled to start time again before, down the stairs, through the halls until they reached that same door.
"That was them, late 1800's London. John Watson and Sherlock Holmes." George revealed and it snapped Sherlock from his thoughts, he glanced up from his hands.
His heart broke and reformed itself, only to break again; and then he ended up in the bottom of a well.
"Tell em the truth." John shrugged, "We're mates, we froze time, left you unfrozen. And we ran away." Greg sighed and walked to them, handing over his gun.
“I had no other choice, believe me, when I say this, it was for the greater good.” Her accent had completely vanished and John stood, awestruck.
“The couch would wreak havoc on your back after a long time. I’m sure we could invest in a pull-out, but even then, it would be horrible for-”
"Oh, of course." Sherlock said, stuffing the ash tray back into his jacket. He stared out his window, wondering why he'd stolen an ash tray. He supposed it was for the comedic relief. He felt John shimmy closer to his side and felt instantly warmer.
John sighed, stepping back just in case the fire did spring to life again, not wanting to have his eyebrows scorched off. Sherlock wrapped a few fingers around the frozen fire, cupping it in his hand and turning around to John, holding it up.
"Not completely. I just know a lot about it. I had to take classes. Soul mates 101, Bonding 111. Things such as that. My favorite was History and Mythology of Soul Mates." John smiled into his food, "Did you know there were two men in the Victorian era that were supposedly so strongly bonded that they could automatically teleport to the others location. Apparently they were policemen, so it came in quite handy." John grinned across at his flat mate as he took a bite.
"Oh, is that her?" Sherlock took a sip of his tea, looking to the side, John hesitated for a moment, not knowing if Sherlock was being facetious, or if he really had no idea.
"Until we meet again." Mycroft hummed in response, John turned to watch him take out his phone as he strolled to the crime scene. He turned back to look at Sherlock as Greg ran up to the elder Holmes.
"Not at all, Dr. Watson. You're here because we need your consultation." Said the equerry, Mycroft rolled his eyes. Sherlock stared coldly across at his brother, though inside he was practically beaming with pride.
Though as he sat across from Sherlock, Rosie asleep in her pack’n’play upstairs in his old room, a cup of hot steaming tea sat on the table beside him, his shoes were in the corner, kicked off when he’d gotten more comfortable, as were Sherlock’s. Their feet were so close to one another’s, and he was reminded of his stag night, the two of them so casual and open, careless in a drunken stupor. He longed to be back in that simpler time, but longing was pointless, and did nothing but stave the inevitable.
John posted his entry and sighed, deciding that would keep his therapist happy, he stood, wobbling a tad on his cane as he did so. With a deep breath he decided it was a glorious day for a walk, and so a walk he would take.
“Your mother’s gone missing? Oh you poor dear.” She held her hand to her heart, a look of heartbreak crossing her face.
“That I am.” Mary replied quietly, averting her eyes quickly from the girl, “So, where is he?” She asked as if expecting something.
“She’s begun to push finally, they’re thinking the baby could be here in a few more hours.” He said, smiling. Molly and Mrs. Hudson let out noises of glee, Molly nudged a sleeping Lestrade who perked up, rasping something about police tape and crime scenes.
“Of course, I love you.” His voice was softer than John had ever heard it, even when they were in that horrible place and he had to say it to Molly. There was no one telling him to say it softer, it was all him, and it was the most sincere he’d ever heard him.
“You...” He reached up, his hand cupping Sherlock’s cheek. The detective leaned in to the touch, “What, Sherlock?” He began pulling his face down to his, so they were centimeters away from one another.
“Holy shit!” She shouted, nearly falling off the couch, “The hell! You’re back!” She exclaimed, hopping up and hugging the detective. He stopped dead, his arms stiffly at his sides as she had them pinned down, “I thought you were being exiled?”
after realizing you'd experienced my memories." He scoffed in response, standing from the couch, "This is absolutely the most ridiculous thing I have ever experi-eeennnce-OW!" Sherlock said, stopping his pacing as he felt an intense pain run along his shoulder and down to his leg, "Is that! Oh dear god!" Sherlock collapsed onto the ground in the fetal position.
"No." John growled, turning around to face the detective, "You're being called because you know Moriarty better than anyone. You can put him away." He walked to Sherlock, prepared to straighten the man's tie, but then remembered-
have gone to 221B Baker Street to meet the mysterious Sherlock Holmes... But this wasn't a normal situation. Neither of them were normal, he could tell.
“I agree.” Sherlock’s response was quick and easy, John blanched a moment, nearly losing his train of thought.
By the time they took the case in Baskerville, they'd developed the ability to see in the dark. They weren't sure if that was a normal thing, or if it was because a lot of their cases took place at night time, and they were adapting. Sherlock favored the latter.
"Oh, come on. It's not like we haven't noticed." Molly said, smiling, looking between the two men. Mycroft turned and raised his brow at the pathologist.
By the end of that day, John Watson had killed a man to save Sherlock Holmes. He wasn't exactly sure why, well yes he was, he did it to save the brilliant man with whom he was sharing a flat. But he told himself it was something anyone, with a background in the military and weaponry, would have done for a... Friend? A new friend. They were walking away from the crime scene when the same man who tried to get him to sell details about Sherlock showed up.
"Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson?" A large black man stepped through the door, dressed in a nice suit. Two other men were with him, they all three stared across the room at the blogger and the detective, "We'd like you to come with us." He turned back to one of the other men, "His room's down there, fetch him some clothes." He disappeared down the hall and the black man turned back to them, "Your presence has been requested."
"I don't know, but I think," Sherlock sighed and helped John up off the floor, moving him over to the couch in the nicest way possible, "John, I believe we've just... Uh.." The consulting detective was having a hard time admitting he was wrong.
"So it suddenly happening makes you feel a bit bonkers? I get that, I do." John replied softly, trying to send good vibes to the man next to him.
“Yes, yes, hold your bloody horses.” He growled, opening the door. A young girl stood before him, tears running down her face.
"That might be important." John said, looking to Sherlock, "Let's just... Close our eyes and concentrate." They both did just that, they closed their eyes and concentrated on unfreezing the world around them. Sherlock did it his way, traveling down the stairs of his mind palace and searching for the room marked abilities. John followed Sherlock, glancing around all the rooms of the palace. Sherlock didn't seem to notice John in his palace before, but once John's amusement went through him, he was aware of the doctor's presence.
"Oh great, more lore you didn't know about! Mates transfer pain to one another, perfect." Sherlock scoffed as he plopped down onto the couch, throwing his foot onto the table in front of him and massaging his thigh. The pain began to go away suddenly and that's when Sherlock realized John was sitting on the couch, his eyes closed, breathing steadied in concentration.
“Mary’s what?” He asked, looking to his wife who was now rubbing at her face with one hand, the other gripping her stomach.
"Yeah." He growled, his free hand gripping Sherlock's arm, "We need to get this cuffs off as soon as possible before we end up falling into the Thames." Sherlock brought his free hand up to feel John's head where he'd impacted with the ground, bringing it away to find it clean.
There was more that they had to be, though, they had to become the men they were meant to be. He had to learn how to be himself, his true self, Mary’s message be damned. Who they really were, did in fact matter, and he couldn’t hide from his own truth any longer.
"It is of dire importance, or else we wouldn't have come to you." Sherlock urged, when the phone rang.
"Sherlock," John said, after 20 minutes of silence in Baker Street, "What the hell was that? You experimenting with some sort of chemicals, or something?" He asked and was immediately aware that if it were chemical burns, he should try to clean them off. He ran to the kitchen and grabbed a flannel, running to Sherlock and grabbing his hand. He started to wipe away at the tops of his hands, but the grip he had on the detective soon started to burn too and he pulled back, "Bloody hell! Sherlock, what is this stuff!?"
Both men stood in the doorway, almost reluctant to part. John hugged Mycroft again, short but packed with meaning before he clambered back into the car that drove him there. As the car drove John through the winding streets of London and back to Baker Street, John felt a mix of light-heartedness that was being dragged down heavy sadness.
“Fine, I suppose,” his voice was fragile but John could tell he was trying to push more strength into it. John gave him a sympathetic look, eyes urging him to say more.
The walk was long and difficult. John barely contributed to it as his legs were stiff and unmoving, Sherlock had at some point slung his arm over his shoulders and began marching him like the wounded soldier he once was. The entire journey John had kept his head bowed so deeply his chin was pressed against his chest. Whether or not his eyes were open, Sherlock was unsure. Sherlock had taken the time to reflect on the situation.
Really sorry for the long break. Also sorry that this is mainly a filler chapter. The next one will be good though I promise.
Even though John’s hair had always been an almost dusty blonde, it held more grey than blonde and was longer and scruffier than his usual short style. Sherlock felt as if he rather preferred John’s hair a little longer, the thought of being able to run his fingers through the long strands appealed to Sherlock. His face seemed unnaturally pale. Usually John maintained a healthy tan, how he did so in London was a mystery within itself, but now his skin was almost translucent in how pale it was. His veins were clearly seen as a map of blue and green rivers running under his skin. Bags hung under his wearied eyes, they were so deep into his skin they looked like they had been carved into him. His eyes almost looked bruised by the dark circles that coloured his face.
Everyone around him seemed relieved at his return to reality. They felt like they needed to check up on him less and so John was still allowed his own time of isolation when he got tired of the world for the day. John seemed better, he really did, but he really wasn’t. Most of the time John felt this harsh overwhelming guilt. Guilt for not noticing what Sherlock was going to do. Guilt for not stopping Sherlock. Guilt for not telling Sherlock everything he had ought to when he had the chance. Guilt for daring to move on without Sherlock. Some days John felt ‘normal’ but John didn’t really understand what normal was. He couldn’t remember the last time he referred to anything in his life as normal. Ever since he met Sherlock everything had become so far from normal and that was ‘normal’ to John. But now, without Sherlock to constantly drag John into horrifyingly mysterious situations John was just meant to be an ordinary person again. And he had forgotten how. Sometimes, more than sometimes, John wondered why he bothered. Why he tried to force himself into a mould that he doesn’t even know the shape of. Why he pretended that he could ever move on when Sherlock became such a part of his life, such a part of him, that he lost a part of himself with Sherlock. Why he bothered to live when he didn’t want to anymore.
