“Anthony! Good morrow. Have you come to join us for the first feast?” Thor said with a smile that was not meant to be in place early in the morning, especially when it was accompanied by a mess of hair that looked to be a bird’s nest.
The red fox nodded and made her way to the center of the spot where she was closest to everyone while still keeping a reasonable distance away.
Shortly after them, farther to the sides of the arrangement, were the two betas who brought fame to their names for their quick wit and precise aim. Betas who were on equal stance with alphas in skills. Falcon and Hawkeye walked with an attitude that said calm but an aura that whispered threat. To the middle the Wasp and Ant-Man followed, carrying with them mixtures strapped to their sides, waiting to be released and sting and burn anyone in their line of sight. Those unlucky enough to get hit were to soon discover how well their insect names fit.
two figures Tony instantly recognized. Two figures he would recognize anywhere. Because they were faces that haunted his past, haunted his present, and now would haunt his foreseeable future.
He forced himself to open them again. He needed to see. He couldn’t hide. Not from Stane. Not from Hammer. He couldn’t anymore.
Tony would’ve enjoyed staying out longer. All they had done was talk and reminisce and cuddled together without a single shift of mood or a move to initiate a heated tumble on the grass and dirt. In fact, the thought of it never once crossed Tony’s mind. He had spent hours alone with Steve and they had just talked the whole time. Was Steve truly real?
The yearly racing event of the little old town Tony called home always got everyone ecstatic, including the town’s own centaur and even faun population that helped host a majority of all activities. Tony being included on that list. He had taken part in the Hunt Race, or really it was better known as the jumping race, on the first day of the festival. The ‘opening ceremony’ if one would. He won with little problem and kept his crown as champion for another year.
Sure they had shared a table and had talked a bit and changed their stranger status to that of acquaintances, but this was their shelter and centuries of survival had engraved the instinct to defend their den deep in their subconscious. So in a silent agreement, they had decided going to their shack was a bad idea, and in another silent agreement with the Avengers they also decided staying in the common area was also a bad idea. Unless, of course, they wanted a repeat with all the betas and omegas surrounding them.
“What happened?” Tony said as low as he could, hoping Thor was the only one to hear. He didn’t want to appear rude.
The voice sounded familiar. A familiar he didn’t think he’d hear in a long time to come. A familiar that reminded him of home, of a good home and friends that were family and made him feel protected and secured and… and
Years later and Tony still hadn’t figured out how he had earned Rhodey as a friend. Perhaps that was where all his early years of luck went to. Finding the alpha. If that were the case Tony would go through years with Hanmer as his alpha all over again if it meant getting Rhodey. He managed to survive it once, what's another go at it for the sake of finding  Rhodey?
Tony understood the dangers. Hydra was in no sense perfectly organized, but it took a certain amount of skill, or a very strong leader, in order for multiple packs to follow the same path. Mutiny was a very big possibility, but somehow many Hydra packs have managed to avoid those all together. That alone in itself was enough to garner some respect. And their numbers all the more reason to respect the war packs who took the fight to them.
Upon hearing the ultimatum, Thor argued on Tony’s behalf as well, not wanting to be ignored by his brother forevermore. Loki would keep his promise. He knew it. His father knew it. All knew it.
Eventually the alpha finally went to sleep. Tony not far behind. Secured in the knowledge that he won’t get left behind just yet. That he still had some time to enjoy before it all crashed and burned around him.
Tony gave a slight turn in order to look at the coat and boots in a different angle from the mirror recently placed in his room. The short coat with the color of crimson was beautiful and well designed, the daffodil buttons and edges really strengthening the intensity. The onyx long boots, reaching up to his knees and shaping his legs made a beautiful contrast with the white pants it wrapped around. The pants themselves were tight and left nothing to the imagination when it came to his thighs, hips and rear. Thankfully, the coat was long enough to cover part of his rear, but it couldn’t do anything to hide where it connected with his thigh, and now that he was finally noticing Tony was amazed to say that he had gained weight. His thighs had not  been as big before, and neither had his ass. In fact he never recalled his face being filled out, either. His sharp cheekbones were still there, but they weren’t as noticeable now, and his arms were bigger. His stomach was even sticking out slightly, and as he squeezed into his pants he noticed a small pouch just below his navel.
“I don't want to leave Bruce.” Avengers or not, Tony wasn't going to leave behind the first friend he'd made since Hammer happened, since Rhodey left for his Military pack, since Pepper left for her business pack and Happy followed her.
When they pulled away it was to their awake team whistling. Natasha shouted a “напиток!” with her mug raised. Everyone did the same and took a swig. Steve had no mug to hold up, but he wanted to join in. He moved his arms so one forearm was under Tony’s butt and the other on his hip to hold him steady and lifted him up high.
is the last word I would use to describe your scent,” Jarvis said. “I would also note, your cycle’s pheromones have drastically changed in comparison to the last few previous to us joining the Avengers. You smell similar to that of vetiver mixed with that of sandalwood and cinnamon. A most alluring smell in comparison to your previous.”
Tony watched the interaction, grateful that it had shifted away from him. He guessed since the two betas were seemingly very close they were either mates or very good pack-mates. Either way, they appeared to be enjoying themselves, even if Sam did have a disgusted look expressed for Clint. In his eyes there was fondness but mostly it was obscured from trying to push Clint off, who was now sitting on his lap.
The red falcon that Tony assumed was this Redwing nodded, as if able to understand exactly what was said. He wouldn’t be surprised if the red bird could. Jarvis was proof enough birds, or even wild animals, in general, were capable.
Still, watching the two beta pairs openly showing endearment, no hesitation or disgust whatsoever, made Tony envy them. He longed for it. Quietly stared at them wistfully. What he would give to have received the same treatment years ago.
Steve continued sucking on the spot, letting go to latch his lips just an inch away and begin again, expanding the bruised skin. As the alpha did it a fourth time Tony couldn’t hold back anymore and with the little strength he had he threw his weight down, hoping the action was enough to encourage the alpha to lie on his back. It was a slow process as Steve wouldn’t pause his assault on Tony’s neck long enough to do what Tony wanted, but eventually the alpha was flat on the bed and Tony was draped over him. The new position gave Tony more leeway and he eagerly made it known by grinding their hips together and making them groan.
As if on cue a trill echoed through the forest. A trill created by Jarvis. It wasn’t the signal they were waiting for. It was the exact opposite of what they wanted. It was an alarm, Jarvis warning them of what was to come. Soon enough a blaring horn rang and assaulted their ears and the ears of any living creature of the forest. It wasn’t Jarvis and it certainly wasn’t meant for them.
When Tony’s eyes adjusted from the light of the newly lit torch it wasn’t an improvement from the darkness. He would have preferred staying in ignorance than knowing where exactly Hammer wanted to lock him up in the fort.
The only reason why Tony was given a chance to see Bruce’s shifted form was the sheer luck of being the targets to a late-night attack. For some reason or another, there were packs made for the sole reason of raiding travelers for their items, for their coin, to capture and sell as slaves or used as sex slaves, or to just attack and kill for the joy of seeing bloodshed. Tony, in all the years being in Hammer’s pack, had never been a victim of a raid. The pack carried weapons that would be a treasure trove for raiders but the pack also knew how to use the damn things. The items the raiders carried stood no chance against Tony’s pistols. On top of that, besides including pack-mates who had an eye for business, Hammer had gone and searched for the strongest betas around that favored their muscle over their head. Betas to keep the chain of command and prevent any mutiny against the alpha leader. Betas who preferred brawn over brain since Hammer didn’t need their input, just their skill in handling a weapon.
“Whoa, calm down,” the alpha lifted his hands up. “I mean no harm, just curious. If your friend is a sensitive subject I’m not going to touch it. It’s just, if you did built him, that’s some mighty fine smithing skills you’ve got there. I get the feeling you’re capable of more than what I have to offer working. And I also get the feeling that you’re qualified as more than an assistant, am I right?”
That seemed to snap his alpha from the haze he was falling into. He appeared sheepish, but didn't make the effort to wipe his mess. If anything he used a well crafted distraction that consisted of putting his slicked up fingers in his mouth and licking them to hold off cleaning a while longer.
With a nod, the deal was struck. Hammer finally released his hold on his neck but refused to surrender his arm. “Remember, one noise out of you and my betas will have fun with her.”
He spent the rest of the night holding Tony and showing him off to everyone, especially Thor. “This is
“Comic heroes? Like those superheroes Steve keeps reading?” Bucky wasn’t fooling any of them. They knew he loved comics just as much as Steve, especially Marvels. “Are we dealing with new superhumans?”
Tony spotted the cockatoo flying through tree branches, no doubt staying on top of the rabbit and playing as a marker for Tony to follow. Jarvis swerved left and right, ducking over and under branches. Tony tried his best to follow as closely as possible without accidentally running into a tree. This was the last rabbit he needed. He already had three rabbits caught and under Bruce and Vision's supervision and they needed a fourth. Two for him and two for Bruce. The last rabbit didn't seem to agree and was playing extremely hard to get.
Bruce awkwardly ran a hand on the back of his neck, radiating discomfort. “I, huh, can’t shift either. For more private reasons.”
“I could, but I really wanted to get my paws on you. It was really hard to resist. The very thought of watching you slip out of my grasp? I’m not letting it happen.” Steve gave his neck a little nip, making Tony almost turn to putty on the spot. The alpha’s teeth were right there. With one clamp of the jaw those fangs could pierce through the sensitive skin on Tony’s neck and leave a mark. Make Tony belong to Steve and only Steve.
Clint grinned from behind Steve. “Who said we need a table to finish eating? We can eat anywhere, trust us. You got someplace you’re heading we can use?”
“I shall handle that,” Jarvis said and was seconds away from taking off when Clint’s confused growl stopped him.
“And we’re set. Rabbits for breakfast,” Bruce said as he patted his hands in an attempt to get rid of the branches’ aftermath.
“This is your room for the duration of your cycle,” she said with a required kind smile down to them. “You’ll find everything you need next to the bed. Water and some food will be placed outside your door shortly. When you’re done place the plate upward if you want more or place it upside down if you don’t. Please remember to keep your door locked and secure for both your safety and the safety of our other patrons. If you need anything else I’ll be downstairs.” With a final nod, she turned and headed back to the stairs and disappeared, leaving them to it.
Steve released a happy sound and his tail gained speed. He trotted over to Tony’s left side and laid down on his belly, tongue out in a happy grin and tail still wagging. If the alpha decided to lean just a couple of inches to his right he’d end up rubbing his fur against the coat Tony was wearing. Tony was tempted on placing a hand over the fur but held himself back. He couldn’t play along with the joke. He needed to stop it. The first step in doing so was returning back to the shacks and since he had a pile of raw fish he had the perfect excuse to use.
It took seconds but eventually Steve did lift his head enough to reveal his watery blue eyes. Tony couldn’t resist kissing his forehead, wanting to brush the sadness away. “I didn’t know you were doing it because you were worried I’d leave you. I thought you just didn’t want me talking to any of my friends.”
For a moment Steve made no sound as he let the information sink in. Once he decided to speak Tony, somewhere deep in the part of him that still believed the alpha capable, feared he was going to demand weapons from him on the spot, but instead all the alpha said was “Did Ben give you the work?”
“Our scent is still fresh. No one will try to claim it as their own, and even if they do we’ll just explain it to them.”
to us. It was something we were used to, a pack we understood, but if someone were to make us choose between a pack full of wolves that cared for nothing but their next trade, or a very dear friend we love with all our hearts, you can bet your tail we would choose you. Don’t act surprise, Tony.”
“Nothing, absolutely nothing. Ignore any noise I created moments ago and let’s get back to our run.” Tony tried rolling to stand back up, but Steve placed all his weight down on him and kept him in place.
Tony pouted, far too relieved to care he was doing so. His pack didn’t know, and if they did they didn’t care. They weren’t going to force him to do anything. “I don’t just do pots and pans.”
, a place to belong. For as long as he could remember he'd always had a pack. He could never imagine how his life would've been without it.
Tony looked to the Avengers sitting down and searched for one that possibly knew what he and Bruce were waiting for without asking. One of them had to have known about it. If not because they didn’t practice the gesture, then because they learned it from someone who did or heard of it. Most of them didn’t appear to know what he was searching for and stared back blankly. It wasn’t until he locked eyes with Hank, one of the older looking of the group, that realization finally happened.
Tony. The rest of the Avengers were seated at a table they had brought over to combine so they wouldn’t be left behind and were chatting energetically to each other. At least most of them were. One fellow with raven hair was lazily staring at nothing while determinedly trying to ignore another fellow with golden hair that appeared to be larger than life and had the voice to match it.
Out of reflex he wrapped his arms around Steve’s sides and pressed his forehead on the alpha’s shoulder. He shut his eyes and tightened his hold to compensate for the combination. His nerves tingling in ways he had never experienced before. His mate’s teeth dug in slowly, harder than what Tony had ever felt outside of first marking. It wasn’t instant and the pain remained for as long as Steve kept his hold. Tony felt his body tremble from the sting and heat melding together.
The clearing was coming within sight but there were no outlines of the war pack. The Avengers must have been hiding behind the trees still in the way, but as they got closer Tony’s fluttering chest started growing heavy and his heart sank when they came upon the entire clearing. There wasn't a single soul. They had missed the Avengers.
She gave him an unimpressed look. “The sun is setting in. Our guest want to head back. You weren’t letting him get up.”
… but I am not an unreasonable soul. You carry a lucky star on you, Darling.  I will take you back. I’ll have you by my side again. I’ll even let you keep your bastard. All you have to do is promise me one thing.”
“Apology accepted, Doctor Banner. All I ask is that you refrain from making such comments in the future,” Jarvis whistled.
Tony. His beautiful mate standing with the help of a crutch, a cast on his leg and a sling on his arm. His face, no longer covered in bruises, now painted with dark circles under his eyes. Tony looked a shell of his former self. Thinner than before. His usual bright and beautiful brown eyes now haunted. Red and puffy. Scared. Terrified.
And while he knew this wasn’t Hammer, this was Steve and so far Steve hadn’t given any signs to be anything like Hammer, the ingrown dread made it extremely hard not to react accordingly to what he had learned. The fact that he was alone with Steve, who was bigger than Hammer, stronger and fought against countless aggressive packs, didn’t help matters at all. A backhand from him would surely break bone and bruise Tony for weeks. Tony couldn’t risk it.
“Home sweet home,” Hammer said. If that was home Tony didn’t want to imagine the den. “Do you like it, Omega? I picked it especially for you. I figured we’ll stay here. Stay nice and cozy while the fire puts itself out.”
With every conversation he heard Tony felt himself sink further. He knew they were stating things without having all the information, but a den omega isn’t far off from the truth. Steve recruited them because he had an interest in Tony while Natasha had one with Bruce. They weren’t added to fight. They were just added to remain behind and keep a watchful eye on things while the pack went off to save the day and return to a cozy home. Not that different from a simple den omega, except den omegas don’t usually get courted by leaders and seconds or thirds in command. They were only there as helpers.
Now that he was thinking of it, worry etched its way into his mind. They should probably hurry up and get moving. Steve was the pack leader after all and his responsibility didn’t end just because his mate had gone into heat. With it over, it was time to get back to his duties.
“No,” Tony thought about it. “From what I last read about them they still had the same members. There hasn't been funerals or anything. Could be they’re just passing through, but stopping by shacks?”
He deliberately took his time doing so and snorted when he made his way over to the pile of rumpled and flailing mess. Jarvis was completely gone now and Vision’s body shape couldn’t be distinguished anywhere under the cover.
“I like the wings,” Steve tried defending. “It added to the fantasy of adventuring and they were unique.”
“Only took me two decades” The alpha mumbled to himself but clearly held no qualms with Tony hearing it. “I want to have you in another way. I want you to have
Instead of answering Peggy asked her own question, “Tell me, Steve, do you still love Marvels? I know you’ve collected every issue out there.”
Tony wasn’t exactly convinced. He was going to disappoint them both. He just knew it. “But I’m not exactly…
That didn’t make Tony feel any better, but he had to look at the bright side. At least he had still remained. The same couldn’t be said about the betas and omegas that fell into Hammer’s clutches. Not even the omega that ended up pregnant was safe. Tony still didn’t know what had happened to that omega and child. One moment they had been there and the next they had disappeared.
This was expected, from Tony’s understanding. He was well aware of how the partners of those who had recently gone through a heat would be extra vigilant and very protective against others. They viewed most as potential threats wanting to move into his territory and stake their own claim on their mate. Steve was no different as he eyed all the town’s citizens warily. He was following a deep instinct carried by all, and with the way the citizens were eying them he was justified to do so.
There was no way to hide the smell he knew his body was emitting. There was no mistaking the heated scent released and he knew Steve knew this, and as Steve continued those small circles that oh so slowly went lower and lower with each completed shape he also had the feeling Steve knew
He gasped when Steve sucked on the soft skin. His hands grabbed at the blankets for a hold. The sensitive skin made him thrive in pleasure from the touches. His mind going crazy from so much. “
Tony blinked. “Future plans?” That implied many things. Was Steve already planning ahead of his future in regards to their pups? Long before Tony had ever known?
He wasn’t ready for it. He was scared of the inevitable outcome that was slowly making it’s way to them. He just hadn't expected the outcome to happen so soon by
the little things without blowing them out of proportion? Why did he have to make a situation more than it was? Steve had only offered an option for them. Tony was the one who created an unneeded scene.
The face of the old blacksmith of the first town when he saw Steve, Rhodey, Natasha, Bucky, Thor and even Peggy standing behind Tony with their arms crossed was priceless. Tony hadn’t noticed his mate and packmates there at first. Not until the old blacksmith had suddenly started retracting his words and
Eventually, the barriers made themselves known. The hundreds of gathered bodies made it pretty obvious, but the wires that marked and separated the spectators and the racers were impossible to see. The moment Tony spotted even the smallest glimpse of the wire he made his move, rushing forward to grab the spot for himself and Peter.
The heat in his belly build and build until he almost couldn’t stand it. He didn’t know if it was because of Steve or his cycle or a combination of both. He believed both. This was more than he had ever felt before and it was a miracle he hadn’t combusted yet and was still able to breathe. His air was taken with every bounce Steve had done. His eyes watered from so much stimulation. His cries were loud enough there was no doubt in his mind the citizens of the town had heard them.
The sun was high in the sky and the day already long started. Down the stairs Steve went with Tony safely tucked in his arms and wrapped comfortably in a clean blanket. On cue the moment one of their packmates heard the unmistakable footsteps of someone walking down the stairs and turned their head to the direction the rest were quick to follow as well and all together their eyes filled with mischief. Some of them were very impressed by the sight while others (Rhodey and Jarvis) not so much.
Tony leaned up to kiss Steve, ready to take the new steps and believe the truth. “I’m ready. Move, please.”
,” he pleaded his best friend. He didn’t want his pack to think lesser of him for his past. “It’s fine.”
He didn’t get an answer right away. It took nearly a minute for any kind of response to happen and it was in the form of Steve’s hand giving his own a squeeze. A gentle yank of his arm caused Tony to look at the alpha. The smile was gone now and in its place a frown took over. Steve looked upset, almost insulted by the question as if being told he was attractive to everyone was an offense. “Do you think I should go after them, then?”
Somehow that explained everything and Tony nodded. If given the opportunity he’d probably do the same with Bruce once he was sure physical contact was accepted without the omega flinching. Perhaps one day. In the meantime, Sam had managed to dislodge Clint from his lap and was now standing, patting away the dirt on his legs.
Understanding dawned on the other omega’s face and he nodded. “If you don’t mind me scaring away any potential pack-less companions.”
, as if waiting for Tony to do or say something. Tony held the gaze long after the Captain decided whatever he was waiting for Tony to do wasn’t going to happen and his eyes lost the hope. Instead, it seemed as if the Captain came to a decision and looked very determined to do it. He gave Tony a charming smile, teeth and all, and said “Hi.”
Tony had just a second to tighten his grip with all four legs around the large forearm of the Hulk as best as he could before they took off. Hulk running on three legs and using his left arm to hold him up. The wind blew against Tony’s fur in speeds no ordinary shifter could manage. His eyes were forced shut and his flews were flapping uncontrollably. He couldn’t see how much ground they were covering but he could hear the large leaps of the giant and the smaller of Steve and Hank somewhere behind. From the sound alone he knew they were covering metres in seconds.
Tony almost felt bad when the beta released a terrified whine and dropped to the ground, but then Bruce was moving and ordering him to follow as he continued to snarl at any beta or omega in their way and Tony wasn't given any time to pity them.
“You never responded,” Rhodey revealed, his voice going uncharacteristically low with sorrow. “My letters. I sent you letters months ago. I sent a lot of them knowing they might disappear -”
Rationality had not played part in his decision to run away from his pack while in enemy territory, and Tony can admit he had been rash in doing so. Only fools would ever consider separating from their pack while traveling dangerous lands, so what had that said about Tony?
That got Steve to stop for a second long enough for him to pull back and grasp Tony’s face in his hands and face each other. There were very evident tears in the alpha’s eyes, making them appear larger and causing the blue to glisten.
The tears were forgotten and the pain caused by the words disappeared in an instant. His body turned cold and fear clutched at his heart. Loki knew. Loki
Once within arms reach, Steve planted himself firmly against the wall and opened one of the window’s shutters to peek outside. Tony held his breath in anticipation, expecting the worst. The candlestick and the tension Steve carried lowered upon the alpha realizing what was behind the shutters.
Natasha had abandoned her kneeling pose and was standing upright a safe distance away from the growling alpha. It seemed Steve had been growling as an instinctive reaction to scare off potential dangers after having been woken up abruptly because once he realized he was staring at Natasha his growling seized and his body relaxed, but he didn’t move.
Bruce gave a lopsided smile. “No, thank you. I haven’t done workouts lately. Don’t want to blind you.”
Tony's mind blanked out for a second. He opened his mouth to ask what Steve meant but couldn't find the words.
They all shook their heads. “No, I just learned about it when that bald man shouted it when we arrived,” Jan said. Many confirmed the same.
They were heading towards the Smithy. The lovingly named building that crafted and sold everything related to racing. They had items and equipment that ranged from harnesses to carts to hats and boots. There was a present waiting for Peter there. Something his boy had been talking about non-stop for the past few weeks. Something that Ben and May had mentioned to Tony beforehand. With Tony’s blessing, they had gone ahead and ordered the present weeks prior. Long before the festival had officially started.
There weren’t many that surrounded them to start with but they dropped like flies in no time. Tony had been almost… disappointed, but he was also grateful. He hadn't gotten injured. Rhodey hadn’t gotten injured. Bruce hadn’t… Bruce wasn’t even there anymore. The spot he had previously kneeled on was empty and the omega was nowhere to be seen. Tony near panicked at the thought of Bruce having been hit in the crossfire or taken while Rhodey and Tony had been distracted.
“Shit Steve, did you dump everything you had on him in one night? My nose is burning from over here,” Bucky said, waving his hand in front of his face as if trying to beckon whatever scent he smelled away.
“I’ll find you something,” Steve promised. “I’ll put them outside the door for you to grab once your done.”
Steve watched the entire scene and in surprise and shock he let Rhodey go. Rhodey landed on the ground with a soft ‘thump’ and still didn’t move. Tony checked for breathing, relief sweeping him when he noticed the slow rise and fall of Rhodey’s chest. He slowly walked closer, sniffing and relishing at the scent that was pure Rhodey.
Confused, the alpha looked to Tony for an answer. “You smell of me and Jarvis and this little menace.” Vision whined in slight. “I think the big guy likes you.”
The thought of guilting them into allowing him to stay pushed forward and words were caught in his throat. Tony opened and closed his mouth, stuttering to respond. “I- I -”
Tony’s eyes landed on their clothing in an instant. He hadn’t noticed before, too busy panicking to pay attention at their choice of wardrobe, but when he saw they were all wearing informal, soft and comfy outfits he almost couldn’t believe it. Now that he was taking in details he also found that Thor wasn’t the only one with hair resembling a bird's nest. Jan’s hair was also sticking out in odd places, but unlike Thor who had it loose and free, Jan had it wrapped in a messy bun. Loki had a neater bed head but there were still displaced strands here and there. Hank didn’t look to have even bothered to brush his down at all.
Clint spun in place as if to get every detail of the area in and abruptly stopped. “We’ve been found,” he managed to say just before, out from the brush, a large Hydra alpha appeared and in his arms he held a massive weapon. Far too large to hold as a gun but sharing similar features with multiple barrels all tied together in a circle and ammunition hanging on the side. The enemy alpha held it up by handles and was struggling with the sheer weight of it, but still managed to aim the barrels right at them. From behind the alpha came more Hydra shifters as back up.
This was how he found himself bent over his anvil with Steve giving him a bath. The heat grew in his body, rivaling the heat given by the fire. He didn’t put much thought on his beloved tools that he knew he was going to fret over the moment his mind cleared. His only focus was on the sensations, the pleasure, his alpha and that skillful tongue that never seemed to stop.
Steve nipped Tony's neck, right on the spot where a mark would be placed, a silent promise of what he was to do later when they were alone. “I'll run after you again later. Promise.”
When he said it like that it did sound ridiculous, but Steve had no right to frown. What else was Tony supposed to think of the situation?
“No, no, I meant, get a bigger gun because we’re running in head first and we’re going to mow them down.”
pack. We have scars from battle and even scars that are not from battles. We aren’t exactly blemish free so why do you think I’ll get disgusted seeing yours?”
He left expecting the end of his days, but death hadn’t come for him. Instead, his home had found him.
A tense moment passed by where Bucky didn’t seem to know what to do next, but once he looked to have realized what was going on he barked back, pawed at the ground and went for Tony’s collar again from the snout free side. Steve responded instantly by going for Bucky before he could yank at the coat, releasing a playful growl.
The only thing running through his mind was how handsome the alpha was, even though he was staring at Tony in pure disbelief and gave him a rather unflattering look. Then the eye contact was broken when one of the shifters in the crowd shouted “Get out of here, old man!” His thoughts quickly changed from how handsome to how completely
“Hulk, our pack is down there and they’re in trouble. They need our help,” Tony said to his large friend. For his effort, he received a sniff and a snort from the giant before he stomped his way to see their pack and waited as if expecting orders. Curiously, Tony wondered about that. Bruce was an omega, no doubt about that, but what of Hulk? He couldn’t tell from just looking or scenting. Hulk’s biological structure was different and Tony wasn’t about to ask the large brute to spread his legs to get a proper look, and from just scent alone he couldn’t place Hulk in orientation. It was similar to a Thor and Loki situation. Tony only had a logical conclusion.
While all the other kids wrote to Santa, Tony wrote to Odin and only Odin. He wrote it properly, signed his name, even stamped it and sent it off with Mister Jarvis. Where it would go, Tony didn’t know, but he trusted Odin would receive it.
A set of bushes that were large enough to hide a crouching figure rustled and a yowl of fright made them still. Another rustle and through the leaves broke out Sam with a hissing python on his back that seemed to be the source for his fright. Loki was wrapped in a manner that managed to cover Sam’s eyes, making the canine temporarily blind to where he was running but miraculously missed all the trees. Right behind him the red fox that was Natasha broke through those same leaves and was trying to grab hold of the python with her teeth and right behind her was Hank, trotting in a more sedated state.
I did, but then Thor, and then everyone invited me and then Hank put a plate in front of me and I couldn’t handle it and I’m
“I fed and watered him and I believe I left him satisfied, but I can make sure with another round, just in case,” Steve said with a cheeky grin.
The next day, Steve woke up bright and early. He powered through breakfast, reassured his mom he didn’t catch a cold from staying out so long yesterday and rushed through the door. He scanned the area rapidly for his friend, crestfallen when he saw no sign of him anywhere.
Sam scrunched up his nose and tried pushing the other beta away from him. “Get off me, you stink. If anything you need a bath.”
Tony had never known what absolute joy and pure relief the sight of his home could bring until the Avengers mansion appeared on the horizon. A weight had lifted from his tired bones. A sigh escaped his lips at the thought of his comfortable bed. A rush of adrenaline at finally,
“I really am.” The few things good in his life he found were some of the best that a person could have. He was going to cling to them as a limpet and fight anyone who tried to take them away.
As Bruce asked questions about the cockatoo and the machine, and Tony answered as much as he could without revealing his involvement with the rune on Vision, he looked back to the moment the two first came into his life. They were fond memories Tony was never going to forget. They were on the top of his list of good things to ever happen to him.
“No, I-it’s not. I’m thinking, perhaps, because it’s my first heat in a long time, my body might not be ready for a four-day cycle?”
Their late twenties. Steve, who Tony found very attractive, in his late twenties. That stung Tony a little. If only he had met Steve twenty years prior, in his prime, and hadn't had Hammer as an obstacle in the way. Maybe he could’ve had a chance to be the ideal mate for him. Now? Not so much.
If it hadn’t been for Bucky, Sam’s end would’ve been there, attempting to rescue his two teammates but instead getting killed by one.
He stays there. Slumped against the door in the dark room. Barefoot, cold and trembling. The footage has done nothing for his peace of mind. There’s still more missing from his memories and now he carries imagery of the carnage of that room. The many bodies violently torn and thrown about and he covered in their blood. Tony’s broken body unmoving underneath him. The fear shown on Sam’s face as Steve tried to take his life. The pain on Bucky’s as he tried to protect his home.
Steve put a warm hand on his Jarvis-free shoulder and appeared to be preening. “The coat looks good on you.”
A knock on the door had them turning. He had left it open upon entering and in the doorway stood Jan, knuckle against the frame. “Can I come in?”
Tony stopped moving completely. He looked at Hammer with fear when breathing became severely difficult and the alpha refused to loosen it as the seconds ticked by. The anger in Hammer’s eyes really stressed in the danger he and Pepper were currently in. If the alpha didn’t release him his very breath would be taken away. If the alpha moved his arm, made a sudden twist, he could very well end Tony’s life at that moment.
“Don’t hold it against him,” Bucky said but nodded to the question. “He’s… he acts confident, and he is, to a certain extent, but when it comes to mates it’s a whole other story.”
It was asked in a way that prevented any assumptions about whether or not Tony knew how to dress in armor. Tony understood the order of the set more or less, but he never wore full armor. Only the quilted jackets that offered the bare minimum in protection while allowing him to run, should the betas from his previous pack had failed to keep the danger away.
Steve licked his lips, locking his eyes with Tony’s. “I- I’m interested in you, Tony, and I’d want nothing more than to get to know you. I know this is sudden. You don’t have to join if you don’t want to. Don’t feel obligated to because of my interests, but if you maybe feel something for me and you’d like to get to know me as much as I want to get to know you, we’ll be waiting for you over by the river where we left the pack.”
While distracted Tony never noticed Steve making his way to him. Not until the alpha was one step away and appeared in the corner of his eye. It didn't escape Tony's notice when Steve gave him a look over before he stopped and, if everyone's compliments were to be believed and genuine, it sent a spark of satisfaction down his spine.
Tony found Steve’s sheer will to resist incredible. As far as the alpha knew he had a willing body straddling his lap with clothing the only thing standing in the way. Tony’s body was giving off the scent of heat, of an omega ready to mate, and yet Steve still stopped himself to think about his well-being. That made Tony want to please him even more. Steve deserved it and Tony wanted to show him how much he loved the alpha. If that required him pleasuring his mate with his body than Tony was willing to do it, pain and all. For Steve it was worth it.
Jan jumped up on her four feet. “No, no, you stay put. We’ll gather the wood and be back before you know it.” She nipped Hank’s snout to encourage him to get up and the pair sped off into the trees to gather what they needed.
Jan bumped her snout against the top of his head. “You just gave yourself away. Stop playing possum.”
“We’ll wait for them outside,” Sam steered them towards the door. “They have everything set up and are just getting their stuff for the walk. At least I think they are. Otherwise we’ll just head on without them.”
“Haven’t gotten a chance to use them properly yet. Or show anyone.” Tony scanned the area, looking for whichever enemy was surely out there. When Rhodey began spinning around in search he followed suit.
Tony looked away to face the ground, muttered a quick “Sorry” before he grabbed Vision with his uninjured arm and quickly pushed through the crowd. He made himself look as small as possible. Once through the crowd, he jogged over to Bruce and it was a deja vu all over again. Bruce took in his crumpled state and the way he held his arm and sternly ordered him to sit as he looked him over, again. Jarvis landed on his shoulder and nipped his ear. Vision made a cooing noise and leaned his head next to Tony’s right calve.
“If you never desired your old mate or their heirs, the magic resting in your core manipulated your body to prevent conception by their hand. Your malnourishment also contributed. You believed yourself barren because you and your environment made your body barren.”
Jarvis looked insulted and puffed up his feathers. Tony chuckled at the display and ran a finger softly over the white plumage of the bird’s back. “I ask that you refrain from insulting my intellect, seeing as both you and I share the same capability. I wouldn’t wish of you to speak ill of yourself.”
All the hydra heads turned to him, “How do you stop it? Foolish human. Once chosen there is nothing you can do. You can’t stop it. You can’t fight it. It will happen. No matter how much control you posses sooner or later your will shall break and the dragon will be set free. If you truly wish to hold onto hope then let me help you.” The heads pulled back, making the hydra look taller. “Let us end your suffering before you lose your humanity. Let us finish this the way it’s supposed to. Stop resisting and stop finding a hold to be human.” It began hissing, his words growing louder and louder. “Allow the dragon to be free and let us continue our battle that has been long overdue. Give up just as this human gave up and set me free.”
“I,” Tony cursed as he felt his cheeks heat up. “I promised Steve I’d… go walking… with him.” All of them giving him a knowing smirk made his face burn up even more. He swore his complexion for making it so obvious.
“You and me both,” Tony twitched his toes experimentally. Walking for hours with boots on and trying to keep up with the pack was a tiresome combination. How had they even managed? “I think I threw my back.”
“I didn’t need much,” Steve admitted with a sheepish grin. “Taking you like that and tasting you… well.”
“He mentioned it to me,” Bucky said as he gently smacked Steve’s unresponsive face. “When he went over future plans.”
“Hydra aren’t very well organized, but what they lack in order they make up for in sheer numbers. They know how to surround you easy and take away your options. Depending on the area we’ll either have to hit them hard and quick before they can reinforce, or make them come to us one group at a time.”
“If he's going then I am too,” was all the omega said. His hands clasped together and one of his thumbs rubbing over the surface of the other being the only sign of hesitation. That hesitation Tony was sure had everyone in the room focused on it. He was ready to hear their leader say ‘absolutely not’ to him, to order him put and prevent the sense of obligation the omega obviously felt lead him to contribute to a situation he was clearly uncomfortable doing, but then Natasha walked forward and the entire pack stopped, holding their breath.
Tony nodded. In a daring move, he leaned his head close and licked Steve’s nose. The action was unexpected to his mate but it didn’t keep the alpha still for long. He crawled even closer until his front legs rested over Tony’s. He craned his neck and rubbed against Tony’s own, scenting him.
The alpha with the massive firearm was the first down, both Clint and Rhodey having deduced him as far too dangerous to allow a chance and struck him before anyone else. He was never given a chance to use the weapon and his Hydra packmates weren’t given the chance to reach it as Clint and Rhodey rained ammo at them.
Leave it alone.” Tony backed away when both Rhodey and Steve moved closer to him. The former seemed to realize how much Tony didn’t want this subject to continue and nodded, silently promising to not say another word.
So he waited, and waited, long after the seven days came and went. At the rate they were traveling they would cross all the land until they reached the west coast. Tony didn’t know if he should pin this success on Hammer’s and Stane’s thorough planning or if the two alphas were on a lucky spree or if Tony was merely on a very bad one.
Tony growled, partly in annoyance at his height being pointed out and mostly out of fondness because, his old friends were
His throat had a lump in it. Must’ve been his heart. “I would -” he swallowed and then smiled, “I would love to.”
. In his own words, “Hammer may think he’s the alpha, but Stane’s the one pulling the strings, Tony. It was
Bucky was unimpressed again. “I take it this is someone important to you, considering you bit me for them?”
Tony felt his ears perk up. Natasha? Tony couldn’t imagine anyone managing to scare Natasha and live to tell it, but he guessed if anyone could it was Bruce. He might walk away with his limbs attached. “You got Natasha?”
The response was immediate. Steve growled and began swiping the offending paw, but he still refused to move. When everything else Bucky said after that ended in failure he switched tactics and leaned his snout down to grab at the difficult alpha and pull him up. But instead of grabbing chunks of Steve’s fur like Tony had believed Bucky avoided anything to do with the alpha and went for Tony’s coat collar and tugged. Tony moved perhaps an inch before Steve struck and bit his second in command’s snout with a bark.
Similarly to him, Bruce was also hunching, rubbing his hands together nervously and avoiding eye contact with any of the gossiping residents. Like before in the shacks they were all giving him wary stares, probably sensing something dangerous but unable to identify why. Tony wondered how Bruce had learned to live with it.
“Which you’re currently in,” there was a smug smile on the alpha’s face, knowing exactly how Clint would react to the information. “On that very bed we’ve rolled around naked as I ate him -”
“Good. Be dears and open the door, will you?” he called out to the two betas nearest the fort. The brutes obliged and forced the doors open, their arms and legs straining from the force they needed to exert. “Welcome back, Omega,” Hammer pushed him through the door.
Tony flinched at his name, having expected Steve to lash out and shout at him for disrespecting his pack leader. But nothing happened.
Tony shook his head. The last thing he wanted was for Steve to become a bloodthirsty murderer or any of their packmates for that matter. No one would survive carrying a target on their backs by the Avengers. They went after Hydra packs, raiders, ambushers, killers and more
a cuddler. This is perfect. Steve is one of the biggest cuddlers you will ever meet. Bucky is a close second. This is a match made.”
“With all due respect, Sir I have been for the past two decades. Taking Captain Rogers as your mate changes nothing.”
Vision chose to do the same and went with Wanda and Pietro to meet their fathers. They were jerks, too, but not as big of jerks as Sam and Bucky. Those two were the biggest.
,” Tony said, expecting Rogers to push him away and walk out of the room in a huff. Scandalized at what Tony had suggested. White-picked fence and apple pie Captain America would
Stane slammed a fist against the wall of the carriage. “Hurry it up! Damn Avengers probably heard all of that. We need to leave
A lot of insecurity, a moment of bravery and a moment to overindulge and then regret it shortly after.
“Ugh,” Clint said, appearing as revolted as a canine could. “Doing it in public. In front of us all. You two disgust me.”
Jan followed along, “and now because of his new environment and because of Steve, he’s entering a normal cycle again?”
But the very idea of losing Jarvis and Vision… Tony didn’t think he’d be able to survive that.  No, Tony was too selfish to push them away, and because they themselves weren’t going to leave him willingly they were going to put up and follow Tony until the end. It was probably wrong of Tony to do, but he couldn’t find it in his heart to let them go.
The more he pondered it the more it seemed a natural selection. In the time the Howling Commandos had joined them Tony had noticed the characteristics and capabilities of each one of the Commandos. Dugan was a natural alpha, and so was Gabe, but both didn’t carry the sharp command and leadership equal to that of Peggy. Sharon, that Tony had eventually learned was related to Peggy, carried that same stature of command as her relative.
“Tony, what is this?” Pepper asked while gawking as gracefully as she could. Her sharp eyes taking in every single detail.
It didn’t take long for Jarvis and Redwing to find something suitable. Jarvis whistled for their attention and said a curt “This way,” before turning to fly towards Redwing. They all dutifully followed after the cockatoo, dragging their feet as the activities of the day were finally catching up with all of them.
“But I can!” he repeated. “I can do something, or I can remain hiding among the trees. I don’t care. I don’t mind it. I just don’t want to be left behind, Rhodey. I can’t stand not knowing.”
“Not a bit. They were completely ridiculous,” Nick said with a roll of his eyes. “But they surprisingly lasted a while with the change. That is until the end when they traveled to Sweden in their last issue.”
Taking pity he grabbed hold of it and carefully pulled it away, making sure not to yank if he accidentally grabbed the cockatoo’s feathers. When they were free Jarvis gave an annoyed squawk, his ruffled plumage justifying his attitude. Vision rolled to stand next to the cockatoo, bumping him lightly, but Jarvis ignored him in favor of glaring Tony down.
Comprehension fell on them all except for the four who didn’t know who Steve was talking about. Tony, Bruce, Jarvis and Vision had no idea what was going on or who the person mentioned was, but from the way Bucky’s head went down in shame it was obvious the person was very important and so was the subject.
He swallowed and nodded as he retracted his hands to allow his alpha to continue what he was doing. Steve pushed his shirt all the way up to wrinkle it over his collarbone and revealing the entire mess of spiderwebs that was his chest. Those fingers of his traced the larger of the scars for a moment before he dipped down to kiss them. Tony sucked in a breath when Steve’s tongue made an appearance, trailing one particular scar from his collarbone down to his ribs and back to follow a different path. One scar led right to his nipple and the moment Steve’s tongue flicked over it Tony arched his back a little. His reaction seemed to encourage the alpha as he latched on with his lips and sucked, sending a ripple of pleasure down his spine and making him squirm.
The pause stretched out uncomfortably and something was about to give. Thankfully, Jarvis didn’t share with any of the shifter’s tense atmosphere and bit softly at Tony’s fluffy hair, yanking to get his attention. “Sir, the rabbits are done.”
“My reaction was uncalled for, especially in a moment where you were very clearly distressed. I ignored the signs and only thought of saying my peace. I didn’t consider what you were going through.” Hank sighed, appearing uncomfortable. “Emotions aren’t my strong suit.”
They were wistful ideas and were supposed to remain as such. Tony wasn't actually supposed to get the sun and stars.
Bucky snorted loud enough to hear from where he was still sitting. Tony didn’t understand at first until he replayed the words he said and, oh, that did not sound right. He refused to get embarrassed and refused to look at Steve or Natasha. He may have given the Avengers something to laugh at him for but he was not going to give them the satisfaction of a reaction. This was Hammer all over again. He had done it before he could do it again. It didn’t affect him. It didn’t. He had gone through worse. It shouldn’t affect him.
The video he’s provided starts with SHIELD agents huddled together behind the Winter Soldier and War Machine on one side of a door. Black Widow, Hawkeye, Falcon and Thor on the other. The Hulk can be heard rampaging in the background with the sounds of gunfire accompanying him.
His heart thumped erratically as they passed through the door and the entire sight of the dining area and the connected kitchen on the side side of the room. Standing in the kitchen was Sam, who Tony hadn’t seen at first because of where he stood in relation to the door. His back was facing him so Tony couldn’t see what the beta was doing, but considering the plate of hotcakes and fruits next to him Tony figured he was responsible for breakfast.
“Thanks.” Clearly, Ty didn’t catch it. “Let’s go and celebrate. My carer has a basket full of fresh blueberries. I know they’re your favorite. There’s this lovely little spot by the lake that’s perfect for privacy. What do you say?”
They placed their gathered pile next to the pit and preened at their job well done. Bruce had finished with the rabbits and began placing half of the branches in the pit, skillfully starting a fire with dried leaves and rubbing sticks together. The rabbits were tied to the metal rod located on top of the pit and started cooking when the fire was a reasonable size, no doubt gaining a smoky taste that Tony had learned to enjoy from the rising black ashes.
His trembling fingers reached up to touch the wound on his neck, making him shiver. Steve noticed. He guided his wandering fingers away to lick at the mark he had left, soothing it. The caring act made erotic by their situation only encouraged Tony’s body to grow hotter. Steve was well aware of his reaction. Months of coupling had made the alpha very aware of where to touch and where to lick and suck and bite to leave Tony a shaking mess of ecstasy.
Clint gave a snort. “Get the feeling Steve really enjoys how you look in Jan’s outfit, Tony. Gotta say, I’m enjoying it, too.” He gave a wink and a wiggle of his eyebrows suggestively.
“Holy... shit,” Bucky was standing next to him, sharing a similar expression as him. “I want Rhodey.”
A knowing sparkle appeared in her eyes and a smile graced her lips. She shared a look with Fury, switching the stage to him. Without moving his cape glided slightly with no wind felt as he said, “Then you know what happened to the characters. The whole getting wings and causing a war between its fans that lead to its cancellation, or at least that’s what it’s presumed. God knows we hear it every time from Barton and Wilson when they complain about the change.”
Rhodey’s white lie couldn’t invalidate years of negative criticism. He knew which one was true. A friend’s lie over a pack’s brutal honesty? It was easy.
Steve now understood what they meant by forever changed. It’s not gaining a ravenous taste for more blood. It’s not seeking the thrill of the hunt, having the power over the lives of others. It’s not the excitement of losing control and unleashing violence and fury, leaving behind their mark for all to see.
Tony shrugged, attempting to brush aside the pain as if nothing. “What can I say? My old pack didn’t -” he rubbed the side of his face harshly, fighting the urge to just spill everything on Steve’s lap. “They weren’t the best.”
“I’m thinking she’d just plain kill him,” Clint made a waving gesture. “She’s vicious if you disrespect her,” he said to the four who didn’t know who this ‘Peg’ was.
Looking at the heartbroken expression on Steve’s face nearly made Tony cry himself. There might have been the beginning of tears building up, the stinging sensation there but not entirely acknowledged. His focus was on Steve and how the alpha leaned forward to try and kiss the tears away.
“You’re going to smith an armor similar to yours for me, right?” Rhodey examined the armor he had carried for Tony. “It’s a masterpiece, Tones.”
Similarly to his previous damaged shields, Steve had wanted to leave it behind and obtain a new one, but Tony wouldn’t allow him to surrender the poor thing. Instead, in the next town they had visited, Tony went directly to the blacksmith and asked for permission to use their tools, their anvil and their forge. Unsurprisingly the blacksmith, and many blacksmiths after, had laughed at the prospect of an omega using a forge, but all of the Avengers’ alphas were quick to silence the first few unlucky ones who were to learn firsthand not to mock one of their own.
And while Bruce made his statement sound like a joke to the rest, Tony knew it was his way of saying ‘don’t worry’ without the others knowing.
Being put on the spot and unprepared Tony simply blinked, frozen in place. Living with the Avengers as his pack had taught him that quick wit and sass that brought laughter was how they interacted and usually was encouraged, appreciated really. Steve even made the effort to laugh at any witty remark he attempted with them, no matter how horribly timed or plain they were.
Tony thanked the gods that alphas were the only ones who could go into a rage at that moment because otherwise this chat would’ve turned bloody within seconds, and he didn’t know if they’d survive these betas all going bloodthirsty at once.
Tony was well aware about the numbers. Hydra packs were notorious for going out of their way and doing what most shifters considered an oddity. Forming multiple packs of different numbers and sizes with different leaders in charge and all living under the same name. They were out there chasing the same goal, causing panic, and taking from others. Their name had long made them infamous, and while many war packs took up the mantle to take them down they were persistent and recovered their numbers within months.
Tony rose to sit upright. To stare at the alphas that had ruined his life. Both sat across from each other. Tony was on the edge. It was easy to stare at them both. They paid him no mind at first until the sensation of eyes burning into them had them looking back. There must have been something in his eyes to warrant the frowns they gave. Seeing the omega they had previously tortured now carrying wrath must have been a sight and something to think twice about. Tony cared little for his safety and they must have understood. With no leverage over him, he was free to fight back.
“Yeah,” Tony barely whispered. His first time seeing the Avengers and he had to go and make a fool of himself. Not only that, he did it in front of the Captain. Granted, he didn’t see which member would have been the Captain, but he figured the Captain was somewhere in that crowd. No alpha leader left his pack alone when traveling. On top of that, he had to go and kiss the ground before seeing that attractive alpha.
On second thought, maybe now wasn't the best time to think about that. Not with Steve right in front of him and having just recently… yeah.
The door eventually opens and people walk in. All alphas. All wearing gear. All carrying guns and holstered batons. It raises Steve’s hackles. He’s ready for anything. Has been for the past three hours. If these alphas want to torture him for information he’s ready. If they want to study him, poke and prod, he’s ready. Anything they want, he’s ready to fight. To endure. To never give in.
trying to make Tony see reason, but Tony disregarded it all, believing he was truly doing right for his father’s pack and deserving everything he suffered.
He made a noise when one of his fingers missed the rag and trailed over his hole, sparking something he knew was not the right time for. He forced the thought away and made quick work of the area, but if he had no control over his emotions for the day he certainly had no control over his body’s reaction now. He sighed at the sight of his member half hard. It was odd how his body was willingly getting aroused from just a simple touch after going so long with forcing himself to rise from Hammer’s handling. His body hadn’t given a reaction before when bathing from his own hands and now suddenly it decided it was rearing to go.
Eventually only the knot remained as the only evidence of what they had just done. That plus Steve’s burning seed and his own slick that had turned cold on his skin and made him feel uncomfortably sticky. What he would give for a bath on that moment. Then his stomach decided to remind him of his earlier problem and the reason why he had woken up in the first place. Because Steve had one of his hands splayed over his belly he not only heard it he felt it as well.
“That is not your fault,” Sam stressed, giving Loki a dirty look. “The snake over there is blunt, but he isn’t blaming you.”
Tony didn’t see what had happened. His main concern was keeping Jarvis and Vision safe and so he stood over the little machine, pressing his belly against the metal body and shielding him. He had reached out for the cockatoo still on his shoulders with his mouth and gently sank his teeth in order to grab him and tuck him in next to Vision, curling himself around them. He was facing the ground and so only heard what had happened. There was a shot, a grunt from Bruce that stopped Tony’s heart, the ripping of clothing and then a mighty growl that echoed through the night. The raiders started shouting and screaming as the growling continued. The screaming and the growling continued and continued and continued until it all stopped at once, stopped just as fast as a candlelight being blown away.
Already ideas began to fill his head. It would be dangerous and Tony would only have one chance to execute his move, but one chance was better than his possible future under Hammer and Stane’s hold. Anything was better than that.
For the first time in a month Tony woke up to his bones not protesting from having slept on a hard surface. In fact, his bones felt as if they were singing, well rested, and he didn't want to get up and risk bringing forth unknown or forgotten sores.
“He couldn’t stand it,” Steve sounded fond now, “but he didn’t have a choice. Even when he told me to stop I wouldn’t listen. Still tells me to this day, but you can see what good that does. He couldn’t stop me so instead he helped me.”
Hank shook his head. “I’m not telling you to feel sorry for us. It’s passed and it remains for us to work with, but it doesn’t justify trying to lash out at you. Not when all of us weren’t in our right minds.”
“I can’t be sure. I haven’t experienced any heats for a very long time.” Gods, it hurt to say. Shortly after he hit his twenty-fifth year did his heats finally come to a stop. Years under Hammer’s care with his heats smelling foul and his body starving of proper nutrients and affection, his body finally gave in and stopped altogether, signaling something horribly wrong within.
He entered the room in a rush to avoid curious eyes from strangers and felt safe for a total of four seconds before he noticed twelve set of eyes staring directly at him. His pack sat and stood on every available spot in the room, and even though he wore pants he could feel a breeze between his legs as if he had nothing on. The sight of seed leaking down his legs almost possible under their intense gazes.
“About damn time! Do you know how long we’ve been waiting? What was so important that you took so long?”
The alpha truly believed his own words. Steve wasn’t just saying it for the sake of trying to encourage him. Steve absolutely believed Tony was going to create those amazing things that could only be dreamed of. The pleasure that came from having his alpha have so much faith in him… Tony preened from the attention.
“Come on, Bruce, you really believe that last one? I met the big guy and the last thing he looked like he wanted to do was hurt me.”
He… he needed to focus. The future of his pup, his future with Steve, it had to wait. He couldn’t think about it. The less stress and worry the better.
Rogers didn’t say anything but didn’t back away either as Tony took another step closer. Then another and then another. He was standing his ground as Tony challenged it. None of them backed off. Their noses were nearly touching now.
Shame filled his gut at just the thought of it. Any sense of relaxation he felt wholly disappeared and humiliation replaced it. And even though the pack surrounding him were asleep and couldn’t see him he still covered his face with his sleeves. He couldn’t stand the idea that Bruce or Steve or any of the Avengers could somehow see his past from simply looking at him. As if somehow his face revealed all his lowest moments of life.
“You saved our lives, really. Steve has these eyes that make you want to bury yourself from the guilt. They’re dangerous eyes.” Clint created a circle with his hands and placed them over his face to mimic what was apparently Steve’s giant blue eyes.
The camera pans the room as the agent moves closer to the wall. Slowly and carefully, revealing the exact state they were all in. Blood painted the walls. The bodies Steve had thrown after taking their lives were twisted in unnatural angles. Broken and red. All of their throats torn and mauled from Steve’s very jaws.
“If it isn’t Steve Rogers,” someone’s voice, a feminine, unknown voice, said above the sounds of the inn.
Tony should help them cut their losses by leaving by his own will. No sad faces, no confrontations, and no tears. Just a simple and clean “goodbye” and turn away and never look back.
He’ll beg for forgiveness when the time came. Hell, if fate was on his side and decided to give him a second chance and have Steve forgive him and still want him, Tony would happily accept it. He wouldn’t even mind if Steve went ahead and got another mate that could give him what he wanted, so long as Tony was able to stay with Bruce and the pack.
Bucky released a ‘ha’ before he said, “You think that’s bad? Try growing up with him. Nut wouldn’t shut up for days.
An excited child was not one to be reckoned with so Ben and May worked quickly to set up the harness on Tony and get it connected to the carriage. Tony stood still as they whirlwind around him. Peter impatiently waited on his seat. His little legs were kicking wildly as he watched his aunt and uncle.
“Excuse me. Pardon me,” Tony repeated as he gently moved shifters after shifters to make his way through. He followed Vision's patch carefully until the pairs of legs got overwhelming and covered all evidence of his presence. At one point a shifter decided they didn’t enjoy being moved out of the way and pushed him back
And look after he did, if all the alphas and betas that received a growl and a threat in their town from Rhodey had anything to say about it.
Tony now understood why Bruce was so hesitant. He had every right to be because not only was his shifted form something never before seen he also didn’t even have any control of it. Bruce shared his body with someone else. Someone powerful and unnatural looking that could attack anyone they wanted and Bruce could do nothing to stop him.
“I said I’d make you my omega when I was grown, and I have.” Steve had the audacity to shrug nonchalantly, as if Tony wasn’t in front of him reeling from the revelation he had just disclosed. “Simple as that.”
“Get the food first and then you can fool around all you want,” the alpha wolf that Tony figured out was Bucky said, acting every bit of a second in command he was.
Once Tony was stripped of his armor, a fairly easy task when all that was required was to switch off the arc rune and the pieces fell right off his body, he was laid back down on the ground and propped up against a tree trunk. Steve kneeled next to him and held him close. Rhodey took his other side. Jarvis claimed his left shoulder and Vision settled by his leg. All four refused to be far.
When he opened the door he found an unexpected but delightful surprise in the form of Bruce standing just outside and wearing a decent shirt with dirt-less pants and brown boots. The other omega turned when he heard the noise from the door moving. “Tony, good morning.”
Tony reached out to wrap his arms around Steve and buried his face into the crook between his neck and shoulder and took a long inhale, relishing on the musk still present that Steve emitted through the layers of the dispersing emotion. The scent relaxed him and he barely noticed Steve doing the same as him and burying his neck in-between his own shoulder and neck. The alpha was still mumbling words, muffled by his clothes but still recognizable.
Thor proclaimed victory and marched off to do more Thor things and Natasha took her chance to jump over the couch, roll when she misjudged her balance and still stopped perfectly in front of Tony, hair blowing in the wind and all. Tony gave her a gentle and respectful smooch, but Natasha would have none of that. She grabbed his face and peppered him with all the kisses, making sure to leave a lipstick mark on every inch of skin she could. Tony laughed and took it as a challenge, kissing back.
At first Tony thought nothing of it, seeing as many of the shifters around here were young and looked to be avoiding the older generation, but when he compared the shifters ignoring him to the shifters ignoring the twitchy omega he found it was a different avoidance altogether. The other shifters completely ignored the omega, as if desperately pretending he wasn’t there, but with Tony, they at least acknowledge him for a split second before they went on their merry way.
They watched him go, a pang of longing in Tony’s chest. Mrs Parker took a moment to think something over before finally answering him. “The blacksmith is located just beyond here. Keep following the road further and it’s going to be on your left. Can’t miss it. The smoke will give it away.”
Steve released what sounded like a painful cough from deep within in chest. The manner in which he did so caused Tony to worry. “Steve?”
From the platter, Steve grabbed a piece of dried meat and held it against his lips. Obediently he opened his mouth and took a bite. It wasn’t the tastiest he’d eaten, but it was calories and he needed that for the rest of the day. He finished it with another bite and did the same with a second and a third piece Steve held for him. His alpha then offered a broken chunk of the loaf of bread and a couple of berries to chew together. Another chunk of bread with some cheese over it was offered next and he ate away diligently and took sips of water when given.
Tony closed his eyes and buried his face inside the coat. He couldn’t handle anymore emotions for the day. He needed a long nap, then a proper sleep and then a nap again.
Tony was unable to say anything back to try and lessen the sting when the one kid the three were going up against knocked the one that insulted Tony down, shouting “Don’t talk to him like that!”
The entire conversation brought forth memories of Rhodey, Tony’s overbearing and protective and on occasion puppyish alpha wolf best friend. Rhodey hadn’t been part of Howard’s business pack, but he had been living in the same town and Rhodey’s pack had made a fair number of deals with Howard. Meeting Rhodey and spending time together had been easy, especially since Howard hardly paid attention to anything Tony did. A member of a pack associating with another pack was usually frowned upon, but with progress being made and relations strengthening from the conduct it was starting to get accepted. There were still certain rules to follow, but none of these rules involved Tony and Rhodey. Tony only ever saw Rhodey as a best friend and brother, and in return, much to his dismay, Rhodey saw him as a
“Behave, both of you,” Steve retorted. “You want to be treated like pups, I’ll treat you like pups.”
I'd also like to give all of you readers a special shout out as well. I couldn't have done all this without ya! Thanks for motivating me with all your lovely comments.
Steve tilted his head fondly. “Are you worried about size for this? Don’t be, Sweetheart. Truth is, for us male alphas it’s a little difficult to switch roles. For one thing, instincts make it nearly impossible to surrender control easily. It takes a lot of trust and talking, but I trust you and I want to try. For another, it takes a bit of work for me to take anything. I don’t lubricate naturally. I’ll need to prepare myself with a lot of oil to help ease the way. Your size is actually perfect. I don’t need big. Just you, and maybe some patience.”
“You both can decide on which room to take. This one or the one next door. They’re about the same, perhaps one being cleaner than the other. We can get Clint and Hank to clean up their mess right away if you want,” Steve explained.
He pulled Rhodey in for another hug. “Promise you’ll settle down somewhere close. I want to visit my Honey Bear every chance I get. Make a note of that, Jarvis. Remind me every day.”
The rotten bed creaked when he sat on it. An example of his emotions. Any moment the tiniest bit of stress and pressure was going to make him buckle completely and he’d be at the mercy of Hammer and Stane.
He felt Rogers’ eyes follow him. Even through the cabinet door blocking him from view, he felt those eyes burn him down.
” Both Tony and Rhodey shrieked together. They briefly glanced at each other and turned away with a grimace.
Just as a side note. I usually give status updates about the new chapters on this fic over at my Tumblr so if you don't like being left in the dark for so long go give it a see. I've been giving a lot of sneak peeks lately!
He never revealed his last name, never revealed his past. Stark wasn’t just a throw away name. It was once a famous brand, and now his pack was going to realize exactly what golden goose they had in their hands. It didn’t matter if he swore to never make weapons again. If his pack wanted it they could easily force Tony to do so.
Also, we're about two chapters away from the official thing and for the mpreg to finally happen! We're almost there, guys!
“It wasn’t easy, let me tell you that, but I managed it after she literally stopped right in front of me while chasing Bucky. I couldn’t resist.”
There was no color on him, he was sure of it. He was probably as pale as the white pants he was wearing.
Tony jumped to his feet and put his gauntlets on. The hum of magic radiating from them, and the faint glows of the runes lighting his fingers were like home. He slammed his palms together for the two white runes in the middle to meet and the pair lit up with power, activating each other. Charged up and ready to fire, Tony held his hands out and aimed his palm to the direction Rhodey was facing.
A particularly loud moan escaped him when Steve reached down with both hands to grab the base of his dick and sneaked two fingers in his folds with the other. Out of sync and with no rhythm his alpha stroked with a rough edge and rubbed with a gentle touch. Tony had to grab hold of Steve's legs for balance when his hips rocked back and forth. His toes curled from all the sensation numbing his control over his body. His legs jerked and his nails dug into the meat of his alpha’s thighs. At some point he had thrown his head back and rested it on his alpha’s shoulder, crying shamelessly next to his ear along with the wet, slapping sound echoing the room. Face flushed red no doubt.
Tony could’ve imagined different scenarios of how the Avengers would’ve reacted to his and Bruce’s late arrival, but all of them joking and making Steve blush was nowhere near one of them. And the alpha still wanted to recruit him and Bruce to the pack! He couldn’t believe it was happening and the Avengers, God, were these guys real?
Loki tapped the ground with his staff, gaining their attention. “Then perhaps we require the day to be cut shortly. The quicker we obtain our merchandize the better.”
The workshop was incredible to look at and Tony couldn’t get enough. He ran, he prodded, he asked all the questions. He smiled and he laughed. As bright as a child could. He loved it so much he practically ran circles around Thor and Loki all day, wanting to know everything, wanting to create.
Tony awkwardly took another bite of his food. Thankfully none of them continued their teasing and there were no further interruptions besides Vision crying out in outrage at being forgotten on the floor. Tony quickly appeased him by picking the little machine up and resting him on his lap. Vision was tall enough to have his head over the table’s surface and watched them all with avid interest as they finished their meals.
“Home sweet home, children,” Bucky cut in before they could all get out of control. “Who’s claiming the bath first?”
of Ty, grabbed the hat that was waiting innocently for its impending doom and moved out of Ty’s way seconds before Ty plowed him over. Steve skidded to the barriers, jumped and disappeared into the scrambling crowd, trying to move out of his way in a panic.
Something inside Tony flared up and the urge to punch the beta became strong, but he couldn't act out on the emotion because it seemed Bruce had reached his breaking point and released a threatening snarl as he marched up to the beta’s face, growling. The intensity of the snarl was unlike anything an omega was capable of producing, or even a beta, and all the shifters in the area realized this as they grew pale and began stepping down.
“Reason for it?” When Tony nodded the alpha continued. “I’m not going to ask. Your history is your history and if you experienced something that’s kept you from making weapons than that’s your business. Just, indulge me for a moment, would you? You don’t have to give me an answer if you don’t want to.”
The abrupt tongue swipe on his nose had him snapping from his thoughts and opening his eyes in shock. He had not expected to see the Hulk and his snout so close to his own and he certainly hadn’t expected the lick and his head going low in submission from the giant.
He felt the familiar claws of Jarvis hopping onto his shoulders and settling down to nest and Vision’s metallic body pressing against his belly. A comfort he didn’t know he needed. To have his family close. With this, maybe facing the Avengers’ disappointment wouldn’t be so bad.
The dark skinned shifter leaned forward to appear in Tony’s vision. “Ignore the idiot. My name’s Sam.” He pointed at the shifter sitting in-between him and Steve. “This one with the glaring face is Bucky,” then pointed at the shifter that had Clint leaning against him, “the guy taking one for the team is Loki and the big guy sitting next to him is Thor. Those two in front are Jan and Hank.”
“Careful,” Rhodey growled, though good naturedly, and pointed at Steve. “You may be his mate and my pack leader but don’t think for one second I won’t hesitate to neuter you.”
There was a faint whistling of wind echoing through a small opening that rustled the hanging leaves of a bush in its path. Tony locked in on the sound, following it in an almost hypnotic state. His eyes stared blindly while his body moved as if he knew the area by heart, engraved in his very soul, even though he never set foot on the place before in his life. When he came upon the opening, covered in bushes and vines, he reared back his arms and swiped the vegetation. A sickening slicing sound echoed around as the bushes and vines fell apart, covering the ground already bathing in grass.
He wanted to, he wanted to so much, but he felt exhausted now. The idea of just staying inside and doing nothing sounded great, but he couldn’t do that to Steve. “I am.”
Thor soon learned that Tony wasn’t an ordinary child. He had planned to gift Tony toys and spend hours playing with them, but Tony had a brilliant mind and an eye of curiosity. He was not satisfied with the meager things Thor had brought, and after seeing the fantastical creations Tony himself was capable of, Thor knew what to do.
“But perhaps not today, then?” Steve finished for him. Tony could only nod and to his surprise Steve smiled. “That’s fine with me. I can wait. Perhaps have a lazy day in and go pester Clint, or even Bucky. Have Natasha and Bruce join us.”
He looked to the others. They were still circling Peggy and greeting her with smiles. Bucky especially had her in a hug as they re-marked each other. Further behind them, in the now empty table they had previously occupied sat Rhodey and Bruce, watching their pack-mates fondly. Jarvis was rooted on Rhodey’s shoulder and Vision happily swayed back and forth on the table’s surface, watching their pack. They did not personally know who Peggy was, but if their pack were happy to see her than they were happy for them, too. They would meet the new shifter when the others were ready to introduce them.
I lie yet again as I change up badass Tony and Bruce for another chapter where Tony makes bad decisions and his family is quick to put a stop to it.
Tony frowned at the thought, stopping it in its track. He honestly didn’t know if small discrepancies in their features defined if a pup is bared and raised in a healthy manner or if the pup would grow with lack of nutrients. He shouldn’t mindlessly compare features and assume one logic when he had no proof on the matter. It would only cause him anxiety and worry and at that moment he was far too relaxed and sated to allow those negative thoughts to affect him.
“You don’t have to,” Tony tried stopping them but his words fell on deaf ears as Clint and Sam ran straight for the river and leaped.
Steve avoided the strike expertly by leaping to the side and then coming back. With help from the momentum, he jumped
Even with his old pack he was never separated from them, no matter how much he hated traveling with them and always lived in constant fear of the next trip.
Tony used his arms to row up on the bed, feeling the soft fabric of the blankets tickle his bare ass. He moved up enough to use the piled pillows and let himself slump on them. Looking down now and taking in the sight he made, still wearing a shirt while completely naked and exposed below the waist, he felt a little awkward, and his belated fear began making its appearance. What did Steve have in mind?
“If we could we’d stay in a heartbeat, but this isn’t our place and our pack still needs to grow if we want to make it out there. We’ve overstayed our welcome.”
Steve got them moving at a quick pace after they bid their farewells. They reached the roads faster than Tony had anticipated and were already making excellent progress when the sounds of steps had them looking back. Hank appeared alone from out of the trees with his bag slung over his back.
Bruce in turn smirked before bumping his shoulder with Tony’s lightly, snorting when Tony bumped his right back. “You wound me. Where was all that love you talked about?”
Bruce was also here, but just like Clint was out cold. He was among the first if Steve remembered correctly. Instead of a couch though, Bruce was piggybacking on Thor, who refused to let him go. Bruce slept through everything Thor was doing. Laughing, shouting, boasting, moving around, Bruce wouldn’t wake but he also didn’t fall. Thor kept a good grip on him and at one point started parading the doctor around, proudly stating, “This is my doctor!” to anyone who would listen.
“Should anything happen grab what you absolutely need and run. You know where Hank’s shop is located. Grab what you feel best suits any situation and act fast.” Steve reminded the two betas staying behind. “If running is your safest option head for Hattan and seek shelter. Head further East if you must. We'll find you.”
Tony followed after Steve and Natasha with a bounce to his steps. Bruce was probably walking with his own bounce if he was as excited as he. He knew Jarvis was for sure, seeing as the cockatoo was puffing his feathers in anticipation. Overwhelming, almost, since he flew off Bruce’s shoulder and nested on Tony’s in order to curl up against his neck and nuzzled a bit. Vision was showing his own excitement by swinging as much as he could in the bag while Tony still carried it, earning himself a small bruise on his hip.
. They weren’t simply there for support. One omega walked with as much confidence as he could muster, but from the way he rubbed his hands together every now and then it was obvious he wasn’t comfortable. Yet the omega remained, faithfully following his pack, even to certain death.
The cockatoo nipped his ear. “Considering no one has I imagine my inspirational speeches have caused the intended effect.”
“But what if they don’t? What if something happens to one of them? I can’t sit idly by and do nothing. I can help.”
“You know, Darling, you hurt me horribly,” Hammer circled him. His eyes engrossing every detail that was now Tony. “Abandoning me. Leaving me alone for such a long time. Do you know how hurtful that was? For my mate to disappear without a word. I had been so
have felt as endearing as it was, but the wide eyes that were looking at him as if he was a treasure, the most prized possession the little alpha could ever have, made Tony almost tear up. It was adorable and childish and made Tony feel
Tony woke up tired, sleeping not having left a dent to his fatigue. He felt extremely sticky and in need of a bath. His body sore in places he didn’t know he had (and sore in the one place he never imagined he’d ever enjoy to be). Muscles unfamiliar to him apparently having a workout for the first time and screaming at him for it, but despite all that he still managed to feel relaxed, content, and downright
Tony glared at the cockatoo and thought, what had he done in order to get acquainted with these bunch? He was happy that this could be his future now, but was it worth all the teasing and almost permanently keeping his face red because of it?
“Here we are,” Natasha said after leading them down the hall with multiple doors on the second floor. The door they stopped in front of was located further down from the stairs, on one corner of the place. She pushed it open to reveal exactly what Steve had described. A mostly empty room with arrows and glass potion bottles decorating the floor and few pieces of furniture. There was a bed big enough for two pushed up against the wall with the softest looking material Tony had ever seen since living in the shacks.
“It’s delicious,” he said, licking his lips and watching Steve follow the movement with his eyes. “Thank you for this.”
Tony sat stiffly on his spot near the edge, facing forward and refusing to look anywhere near the Captain. Bruce appeared to be no better, if his tense shoulders were any indication, and he, too, refused to look anywhere the Avengers were sitting. Sitting next to Bruce was the shifter named Natasha and next to her was the shifter who carried the bow and asked about plenty of food for the pack. In front of that shifter and sitting next to the Captain was a shifter with long hair and appeared to have a permanent scowl on his face. He looked grumpy, irritated and seemed to be passive-aggressively ignoring everyone around him.
Vision made a long sound as he rolled away from the splashing water’s reach and returned to Tony’s side to keep a safe distance from the river that was now inhabited by two canine shifters and a feline shifter that were doing a very poor job in catching any fish and doing fantastically in chasing them away.
When they were a yards distance away Clint’s trotting turned into a full out run. He shouted something about “home sweet home” before grabbing onto what appeared to be a wooden fence that decorated a section of the wall used for the garden and began
With much struggle and a heavy heart, he pushed himself away from his mate’s secure embrace. He tried his best not to rustle Steve too much but the moment he detached the alpha’s arm Steve’s eyes snapped open and frantically searched for visible danger. Tony made a noise when Steve pulled him back against his chest so securely no movement was possible.
,” Tony hissed, shielding the little machine’s eyes in a manner similar to trying to cover his mouth.
Just the sight of him had everyone recoiling, including Tony. It had been far too long since he'd last seen the Hulk and under the light of the sun and nothing to obscure him his presence was absolutely terrifying. Tony hadn't realized the sheer size of the odd shifter, the night and darkness having taken away from their first meeting, but now there was no denying the reason why Bruce hesitated at the very idea of the other guy. He was dangerous to those threatening him, and Tony was glad he wasn't on the receiving end.
When Peter opened his eyes and saw the carriage he jumped in joy. He laughed and pointed at the craft. Excited beyond a doubt. “A carriage!” He ran to it. The wheel of the thing was nearly his same height.
“You’d be surprised how his joining actually went,” Jan said. “It’s almost straight out of a novel. Events only someone could write.”
“Not dirty. Just a tease.” A hand trailed around to rest below his belly. Using his thumb Steve rubbed small circles around the area, right above where his seed was most likely settling. “Keep you full of me,” he remarked. His canine hindbrain making an appearance.
“You have stunned our great leader. Truly a most impossible task, and yet so easily accomplished by you, Anthony. Wondrous indeed!”
Steve pushed himself upwards, making Tony slide a little and leave a small trail of slick from having his slit rub along. “
Steve slowed his pace, causing the pack to halt as well, and searched the area. “We’ll rest here for the night.” Everyone sighed simultaneously. Tony wasn’t the only one relieved to rest. “Between those trees,” Steve pointed at an open spot with surrounding trees that could be used as cover.
Tony swallowed, reached for the fork Jan offered him and sliced off a small portion. His hand shook slightly and he was thankful that the others were doing a darn good job pretending not to notice it, instead looking at their own plates or at something interesting at the distance. Tension melted off his shoulders the moment he took the first bite. His tastebuds were dancing, his eyes were in near tears from how delicious it was and his stomach growled in offense at still not receiving what he was getting emotional about.
pack. And while Steve gave the go ahead Tony was also hesitant in making a suggestion, not wanting to push his friends on his pack and receive a negative reaction.
was uncomfortable with? Where in the world had Steve gotten that idea from? None of them had done anything besides welcoming him… It had been
Tony snapped up straight, his back cracking from having slept on the hard ground in his two leg shape but he ignored it. “What time?”
“Oh, you will pay, my Omega. You. Will. Pay - when we return, but your dear godfather is right. We need to go, and you will be a good boy for me, won’t you?” Hammer squeezed briefly to emphasize what he could do and was ready to do a second ago. “Remember, Virginia will suffer if you fight.”
Tony kept the place running with little issue. For years it moved like clockwork. With no distractions and no obligations outside of the workshop, memories of Steve easily faded away. They were good memories when feeling nostalgic, but unnecessary on the grand scheme of things.
Tony was admiring the thought of such a life. He tried to imagine himself being a part of such a pack and getting a taste of domesticity he was never going to experience when the sound of a fight interrupted him. He had imagined two alphas going at it, ripping their throats out and clawing from how intense it sounded, but when he turned he hadn't expected the culprits to be four kids. Three of them going up against one small child that didn’t appear to be giving up any time soon. Without even thinking about it Tony had jogged over to them to break up the unfair fight.
Tony buried his face on her shoulder. There were tears, but none of them fell. He had long ago stitched the wound it had created. The only pain he felt was the dull stinging of a reopened scar.
Tony honestly didn’t know the problem. What had he done wrong this time? “I - we’re having sex… aren’t we?”
“I just… don’t,” he finished weakly. How could he explain something he learned to do over the years?
He moved to his side in order to release his injured arm from under him and held it close to his chest. Pushing on his knees he slowly lifted himself from the ground, raised his head up and froze. He had apparently reached the center of the crowd and was now directly in front of the war pack everyone was cheering for. He had also apparently locked eyes with one of the members. He couldn’t look away from the shining blue eyes looking back and belonging to someone very tall, very muscular (and what muscle baggage), had hair that was very shiny gold and hardly had any lines on his face. A young shifter no doubt.
Unlike the previous morning this time they were all dressed for travel. They weren’t wearing their heavy armor that Tony and Bruce had seen on their trip to the mansion. Instead they were wearing a lighter set made of leather and steel that gave them more mobility and looked more comfortable compared the other set. They were also all already eating and munching away.
“Half an hour?” Tony repeated in distress. His cycle’s peak was almost among them. They didn’t have half an hour before Tony’s body caused them both to become impaired.
“Maybe, but it will be all for nothing. I’ve finished them already. I’ll be revealing it soon. Just wait until Steve and the others come back. I have something for everyone.”
Steve smiled back. His ma always told him to be polite. She also said not to talk to strangers, but this boy didn’t seem dangerous. “I’m Steve.”
He wasn’t surprised when the sounds of steps on grass and dead leaves eventually reached his ears. Because of the familiar scent, the winds brought to him, worry about danger hadn’t even crossed his mind.
Tony pinched himself a total of thirteen times, plus an additional four requested bites from Jarvis, but the image of Bruce sitting in front of him and the Avengers each taking up a spot at the rest of the table wouldn’t disappear, leaving him with only one explanation -
He reached out for Jan’s hand, fingers shaking towards the vial, but instead of grabbing it he closed Jan’s hand over it, hiding it from view. His vision blurred ever slightly as small tears he tried his hardest to hold back formed. This was a start. His pitiful recret. “I won’t need it,” he said with a bittersweet smile. “I don’t - don’t get heats. Haven’t… for the longest time.”
The growl the beta released was a downright threat now. This was reaching dangerous levels, going from a simple confrontation to an actual fight. “Look, we don’t want any trouble,” Tony tried, earning himself snapping teeth for his effort. “We just want to get to the forest and start our travels.”
No, Tony shouldn’t push it. Steve was already grooming him. He shouldn’t ask for more. He was content with just Steve settling his fur. It was the most he had gotten regarding affectionate physical contact in years. It was enough.
In the Hulk’s hold, they followed dutifully behind Steve through the town until they reached a large building with two floors at the farthest corner. Decently hidden and kept out of the sights of the young. At Steve’s order, the Hulk placed him down and grabbed the bags from the alpha before settling down to guard. Steve’s breathing had evened out, no longer cutting short in a worrisome manner. Tony could relax momentarily before the issue of his cycle returned in his thoughts.
of the pack. One fond memory on the top of his list for him was when Jarvis was hatched. Tony had no idea about what species the egg incubated, or how to take care of an egg, or what to do with the bird if by some miracle he managed to keep the egg safe enough for the bird inside to survive.
Hammer pushed him closer to the barred, rusted cell. Inside was a single bed of old wood chipping away and nothing else. Calling it a bed was generous. It was more of a lump that rose inches off the ground.
With a shove, Tony was put in the cell. The bar door was rusty and beyond use, but the cell still held purpose. It enclosed him. Made sure to mark where exactly Tony was expected to be.
with him. They were truly there and holding him and real and were for some reason traveling around in the Avengers’ territory.
He stopped running long after the sight of his pack disappeared behind the brush of the forest and the familiar scents vanished under unfamiliar odors. The panic had slowly lessened and logic and common sense finally decided to make an appearance and aid his train of thoughts. He had run away from the consequences of his choices, from his pack and from his mate. There was no denying that. A cowardly omega seemed a more fitting image than the great Iron Man as the locals of Hattan had referred to him as.
He was dying of thirst and starving the moment he had woken. Muscles he was unaware of ached something fierce. His legs and arms were numb. His body was covered in dried sweat. He didn’t even want to think about the situation between his legs. With all these negative points weighting on him to get up and act, he refused to move from his spot. Even though the state his body was less than ideal, he had woken up calm and close to his alpha’s chest and wrapped in his embrace. Steve’s chin over the top of his head and one arm around him securely. Tony was held protectively, as if Steve feared sometime during their sleep someone would come and take Tony away from him or cause harm.
To his side he heard a chair get placed and Steve made himself comfortable on it, setting his plate down and smiling. “Good morning, Tony.” Besides him Natasha pushed a chair to sit next to Bruce. Bucky went around and made a spot for himself between Sam and Hank.
This time Steve stopped the standoff altogether for the sake of looking at his second in command with exasperation. “Shut up, Bucky.”
“That’s right. Perfect. That’s you.” Pink colored his cheeks. A flush going down his neck as he looked down but Steve was quick to lift his head up gently by his chin. His blue eyes shining with love. “My beautiful, perfect omega.”
Steve entered soon after, and even if Tony couldn’t see him standing behind, he could easily imagine what facial expressions the alpha was doing under their pack’s scrutiny.
He moved his arm to wipe the tears away with his sleeve only for his wrist to get caught by another hand and held in place inches away. A handkerchief was shoved at his face and he blinked in surprise at the serpent.
So really, walking up to Bruce and getting introduced was perhaps the best event that Tony could've done. Even Jarvis and Vision seemed to enjoy the other omega’s company. Jarvis had begun to use Bruce’s shoulder in only a short span of two weeks. A shocking development. Bruce must have proven something to the cockatoo to have earned his trust since in all the years of living with Hammer not once had Jarvis ever used his shoulder. In fact, Jarvis avoided the alpha as if he was the plague itself. And Vision? Oh, Vision rolled after Bruce any chance he got and bombarded him with beeps and chirps, asking questions after questions. Of course, Bruce didn’t understand the machine’s speech patterns yet and required Tony to translate, but he did talk to Vision and treated him as a some
Their equipment was the first step. He trusted them with the advantages his runes could give. He knew they wouldn’t betray him and use them for vile purposes. He was now willing to start pulling his own weight in protecting those he couldn’t live without. To protect his mate. His best friend. His two unusual kids he’d raised and nurtured. The family he’d found in this mismatched pack of shifters created of canines, a feline and a serpent. To protect them all.
His mate proved it right. “This is the mixture I mentioned before. Hank dropped it off with the owner. According to this note, he’s going to wait with the Hulk outside and join the others when they arrive.” Steve held the bottle carefully before yanking the top off. He leaned back, ready to take a drink, and Tony reacted.
Soon enough they were all ready to head for the town. Everyone remaining promised to meet up with them as soon as they were done. Jarvis and Vision were to stay with Rhodey and aid with the search. Something Tony was both grateful and worried about. Grateful because it meant they were not going to be subjected to his cycle. Worried because of the risk of finding more enemies. He calmed his nerves by remembering Rhodey would never allow them to get hurt. He trusted Rhodey to keep them safe.
“Jarvis and Redwing flew off that direction,” Tony offered. “We can follow their steps and see if we find the inn.”
“I think…” Steve trailed off, running his fingers from Tony’s hair down to his cheekbones. He ran his thumb under Tony’s eye, soft and gentle. “Maybe you should talk to the others. Hear their stories. Then ask  me again.”
How undeserving was he, that the only one to ever look at him in such a way was someone who wasn’t even of age, or close to it at all, and probably didn’t understand what he had promised? At least the child never looked for him, if he had survived. Nobody deserved getting stuck with Tony Stark.
“Steve? Could we head for the heat rooms? I, uhm...,” he kept his voice low. A bit embarrassed. He hoped his mate understood what he meant.
Now he guessed it was time to start learning. He was among the betas and omegas without a place to be. He was now the one to be pitied.
“Tony, I - would you - I know this is out of nowhere,” the alpha stuttered, licking his lips and swallowing nervously. “This morning Natasha asked if you wanted to join the Avengers and you said you’d think about it.”
Not wanting to keep the alpha waiting any longer Tony got to work unbuttoning his own pants. It was awkward doing so while still straddling the alpha’s lap, but when his length sprung free he bit back a moan as Steve made a soft noise of appreciation and gently grasped it, running a finger over a visible vein. He groaned out loud when Steve maneuvered his hold to grab both their erections together and stroked. The difference in their size obvious when put next to each other and Tony’s eyes trailed down to Steve’s base where the receded knot was resting. The girth larger than Tony’s own. He couldn’t hold back humping the alpha’s lap after that sight.
By focusing on his voice, on Jarvis’ movements on his back and Vision’s soft rocking, he managed to. Tony inhaled slowly, stopping his mind from racing. Calm, he could manage calm. Hear what Rhodey wanted to say.
Something bubbled inside him suddenly. The very something they were trying to get rid of. The beast rested inside and Tony could feel it, thumping inside his chest, reminding him of what would return once he got rid of it once and for all. His heart thump heavily, something he didn’t believe would ever happen again, and yet here it was. Without meaning to or realizing he growled. He wouldn’t have noticed doing so if it wasn’t for Pepper and Rhodey doing the same. Rhodey growled similarly to that of a lion while Pepper gave a low and soft, threatening screech similar to that of an eagle. All three looked at each other in surprise, coming to the same conclusion. Their beasts were reacting to something nearby.
Steves tongue traced his folds, barely making contact and leaving Tony wanting more. Eventually Steve started licking in earnest after the third tease, sinking his tongue deeper and deeper and lapping where he could reach for a moment before going down to lick around his slit. When that tongue pushed through his folds Tony moaned and squirmed in place. The heat built up quickly. Without his control his hips rolled and made his slit collide with Steve’s face. He couldn’t see but he could feel Steve’s chin and lips over his folds and his nose was buried right over the surface of his crotch, but that wasn’t enough to stop Steve’s tongue once during the ordeal. It continued licking and circling and in a daring move he separated Tony’s folds to reveal his hole and the slick rushing out. He ran his tongue around it before pinching and sucking gently with his lips, sending Tony over the edge.
He was careful to avoid eye contact with the many shifters he passed. The buildings were slowly disappearing now. The number of citizens decreasing along with it. His instincts calmed down with every step and with every breath until eventually he could walk easily. The road was empty and the wind rustling the branches and leaves and the running water was soothing to him. Music to his ears.
They all do as told and take three steps back before Hawkeye fires. Then it all happens so quick. The agent with the camera panics the moment Steve lunges forward. Everyone scatters, desperately avoiding him. The footage resembles the film phenomenon of found footage. The orders to run. The panicked sounds. The camera barely able to distinguish anything as the monster on screen chases after the films cannon fodder.
“Nothing that the pack won’t know until I’m ready to reveal it. They can send whoever they want, but my answer will be the same.”
Rhodey paused briefly when he reached him, most likely studying him, before going around and squeezing himself between the tree and Tony. Had Tony not known Rhodey as well as he did he would have begged the alpha to leave, to allow himself to breathe without the scent of his heat making him nauseous, but Tony knew Rhodey well, and he knew even if he asked Rhodey, the alpha would refuse to leave his side. So Tony kept quiet, hoping his scent wouldn’t be as potent at the start of his heat. Lying right next to the rotting corpse didn't give off the most pleasant smell after all.
Steve sounded broken, sounded remorseful, so Tony opened his eyes and nearly stumbled when he saw the building tears in his blue eyes. The alpha blinked, causing the tears to fall before bowing his head and taking off. Tony didn’t see him go. He only stared at the spot the alpha had been just seconds ago. The anger in him had vanished, leaving behind shame. He didn’t know how it was possible since he was the one wronged in the situation, but damn was it happening.
Hank was resting his head over Jan’s paws and spoke without opening his eyes. “He won’t just fight you. You’ll lose an arm if you’re not careful.”
If he could glare he would have. Tony didn’t hold any hope that Hammer had ordered his betas to keep their hands off.
Bruce hummed. “I do know that, just like I know that you thinking about something so deeply is a dangerous thing.”
Tony felt his heart stop for a second, and from the way he felt Bruce tense up he knew Bruce had a similar reaction. Jan didn’t appear to mean all her questioning, but even playing around she had hit way too close to home with the last question.
“We know that, but all Steve sees is you, your friends coming back for you, an alpha being friendly, you being happy with said alpha, and a love story he made up in his head of your best friend coming back for what he lost and both of you running off to a happily ever after.”
mate. He could look. Steve hadn’t forbidden it, or forced him not to, nor quite the opposite and forced him
Tony did what he was told, taking painfully long breaths that felt as if his chest was tearing from the inside. Slowly, but surely, the pain subsided with each intake, enough so that he managed to take in air through his nose and smell the calming pheromones Sam was releasing. And that was when it hit him. The reason why they looked panicked. He had released distressed pheromones, no doubt drenching the entire room of it and kicking their instincts into play.
Inside, while he felt secured and attended to with his pack all around, the day’s activities were catching up with me. Waking up bright and early and making two journeys to and from town all while having an empty stomach made him collapse on the ground in the middle of the couches. There might have been a warm and soft bed waiting for him on the second floor, but the temptation wasn’t enough. Not even the solid floor was able to encourage him up the stairs.
Tony felt so relieved he didn’t even think twice about saying, “Yes, anything.” Steve wanted to continue. There was still a chance to salvage this.
“It is my first heat in… nearly twenty years. Maybe my body isn't ready to handle four days of stress?” Tony looked away as he admitted it. Finally, the extent of his… abuse. The long,
Most of the Avengers were either ignoring the nervousness radiating around them or they just didn’t notice it at all. However, one Avenger, Natasha, gave a sweep of the area with just her eyes to take in every reaction from the surrounding betas and omegas, appeared to mentally store it, and looked to Bruce again. Tony knew she was searching and probably found what most shifters failed to see. He only hoped she didn’t lash out and cause Bruce to shift in the middle of the common area.
“I’m very disappointed, Tony,” Stane eventually said. He had the audacity to shake his head. “You abandoned your pack. Abandoned your
It was ridiculous. They were the Avengers after all. They had been doing this long before Tony even joined, but now that he had gotten to know them… he knew it only took an enemy with a lucky shot to take one of them out. He couldn’t stand the thought of staying behind and not being able to do anything about it.
Jarvis whistled in contentment at the sight of Bucky receiving ammo for his comment. The cockatoo was currently nesting on Bruce’s shoulder while Vision was nestled on his side on the couch. Since obtaining his work and requiring hours working at Ben’s forge Tony had assigned his fellow omega as an honorary caretaker for Jarvis and Vision while he was in town in order to avoid the pair from becoming true menaces. There was nothing worse than a bored machine with no one to play with and a grumpy cockatoo complaining about the heat and the oil getting into his white feathers. And from the way Bruce preened while Clint whined about not getting picked to take care of the pair Tony figured Bruce enjoyed watching over the two.
Loki was the first to answer. “I believe that is what the habitants are referring our Anthony as.” Then with an annoyed expression he looked to Thor. “I do not understand the excessive need of titles these Canines create. Why speak of their warriors as anything else but their names?”
“The others should still be in the inn. We can order food there. Get ourselves a big meal,” Steve said as he searched the area for signs of this inn.
Bruce gave him a lopsided smile. “Waiting for you. Thought we could maybe head down together for breakfast. Sounds like most of them are down there already.”
Warning! For those who haven't seen the tags or last chapter''s notes or simply forgot or wanted a reminder, this chapter has a heated moment (not the amount everyone hoped for) and there is mention of intersex. Watch out for it!
Steve stood proud over him, nodding in approval of his work. Tony himself stood in high spirit, feeling the most fulfilled he had in years. So much so that he couldn’t hold back wanting to lick Steve’s snout, and he did so with his tail wagging. The silent ‘thank you’ included with his show of respect. The gesture both confirming Steve as his leader and as his mate. The alpha pulled him closer in an awkward attempt at a hug while shifted. The whine and tail wagging of happiness not hard to miss.
Tony kept his eyes shut and waited, focusing on sounds of movement and Steve’s scent. He prepared himself for anything. For Steve expressing his frustration, for Steve to lash out in any form, for Steve to demand something, anything, to make up for angering him. Then Steve moved and Tony hunched himself, only to go absolutely still when he felt arms wrap around his shoulders in a gentle but very firm hold. The smell of sharp and bitter anger disappeared and a whine rang next to his ear. Tony was unable to stop the squeak that escaped him from the surprise of Steve hugging him, and he also had no control over his body as it relaxed when a new scent reached his nose. The smell was almost honed on the center of the spectrum of scents themselves. It was no longer sharp but it still had a harsh edge to it along with a calming layer.
“We might not have thought this through,” Steve mumbled against his neck. He could feel the alpha smiling at their unfortunate situation.
Steve’s face turned indifferent, his brows scrunching up just slightly and his lips thinned out. He stopped walking, refusing to let go of Tony’s hand and forcing him to stop as well. The pack continued, giving brief glances to make sure everything was all right and moving along after confirmation from Steve.
Defeat heavy on his shoulders and little hope to continue he searched for a tree large enough to provide cover and safety from attacks aimed at his blindsides. He curled up by its roots. The bark of the large tree against his side gave him enough reassurance to push the dangers and threats of the forest away from his mind. The only thought running through his head was that of how royally he had botched his only chance and how he had nearly jeopardized his pack’s safety.
“I have a great idea. Let’s continue this conversation and nothing else. Let’s make the whole day nothing but this.”
He leaped over Clint and his couch, tripped when the room spun in place, nearly knocked the coffee table over and managed to stand before Tony in one piece. Tony snickered, cheeks pink and bright, mumbled something incoherent and leaned up to give Steve his very much wanted kiss. It was sweet and gentle and very much short and landed on the corner of Steve’s lips.
Under it all, Hammer was guile, shrewd, and had a silver-tongue that earned him just about everything. If he couldn’t get it, he’d simply take it. If he couldn’t take it conventionally, he’d threaten. Consequences be damned for all parties. Tony included. Add in Obadiah Stane to cover Hammer’s weaknesses and there wasn’t much that would stop them. Common sense flew out the window and so did ethics. The law didn’t apply to them and neither did any repercussions.
” He gasped in shock when Steve bit and didn’t let go. The sharp pain of the bite somehow mixing in with his arousal.
The kid looked at him, giving him a wide gaze, completely opened, and showed very large blue eyes that made Tony feel exposed. Tony cleared his throat and was about to excuse himself and leave when out of nowhere the child patted his cheek and said, “when I’m grown you’re going to be my omega.”
And now Tony was to join their fight by their side. He had one opportunity to impress, and no option for failure. If he could show them he was more than an old, blacksmith omega who managed to somehow win their leader’s heart he could have actual worth and a reason to keep him around long after he becomes the old, blacksmith omega who broke their leader’s heart.
Once was too many already, but for the sake of letting Bruce do something for their moon run Tony was going to allow it. He just hoped Bruce went easy on the scare. Tony already had years of his heart feeling heavy and skipping beats. He would rather avoid them if possible.
To have it so easily ruined by Tony. Just like that. Their peace of mind stolen and all it took were two ruthless businessmen, their pack of mindless minions and an omega who couldn’t do a damn thing to stop them.
“Nothing more I can do for this part right here,” Steve said through his admiring daze. “Seems to want a permanent place on your head.”
Pepper cheered his name before running to him, just as excited and so damn happy as he felt. He stopped just inches before they made contact, letting Pepper decide on what to do. She met him by slowing down as well, bumping their heads together before standing on her hind legs to bat at him with overwhelming affection. She then curled around his neck to mimic a hug.
“Beautiful, for one,” Sam said, “gorgeous, breathtaking, sensational, elegant, handsome, charming, ravishing, graceful, take your pick.”
They continued bickering for most of the way, to the point that Tony felt his ear nearly fall off from all the talking. Getting his ear talked off, what a way to lose a body part. Thankfully, both Sam and Loki couldn’t take it anymore at a certain point and pulled their individual mate and possible mate away, grabbing the back of their necks in order to keep them walking.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make you feel you couldn’t talk to your family. I’ll learn to control my jealousy, I promise. Please, don’t leave me.”
He didn’t want to move from his spot. With the way his muscles protested thanks to their vigorous activities, his body clearly didn’t either.
Rhodey was still glaring and made the barest of growling noises but ultimately he was thinking it through. “What do you say?” he asked Pepper and Happy.
Tony had an unshakable fear that, perhaps, possibly, just maybe, the Avengers regretted inviting him and Bruce into their pack.
Tony watched his packmates fondly. He was able to smile since he had knowledge of Bruces’ location, but his pack did not, making their reactions to what they believe to be a missing pack member genuine. They truly thought Bruce was out there lost and were scrambling to start a search. They really cared for each other and this proved it. He couldn’t wait to let Bruce know.
Well, anyway here it is! Have some pack teasing and Clint and Sam finally taking their first steps to getting their man Rhodey.
Steve, completely loyal to the Tony Stark character, continued to support the comics. Long after the plot did a complete 180 he continued to buy and collect every issue he could. Even the last infamous issue ever printed where Tony and the gang searched through the lands of Sweden in search of an artifact that was said could end humans.
He nodded and prepared for anything the alpha planned on, but naturally, as Steve had done so in the past, everything Tony had anticipated and was ready for never occurred. Steve surprised him, yet again, when he simply leaned forward to hover his entire body over Tony’s and kissed him long and gentle, nearly taking Tony’s breath away. Tony hadn’t expected this but he wasn’t going to complain. He reciprocated eagerly and even chased Steve’s lips when the alpha pulled away to kiss his chin and his jaw and down to his throat and to his collarbone, leaving a trail of affection behind.
. Tony remembered first hearing about the famous pack. They were responsible for pushing back the infamous Hydra packs that were causing problems all around, and the alpha in charge? He was famous in his own right, having led the war pack, the Howling Commandos, to many victories and now leading the Avengers.
On their way out of the building, Steve handled what was left of their business with the owner. They thanked her and with a wave bid goodbye, much to Tony’s relief. Leaving meant finally getting food and he was starving at that point.
Tony huffed and swatted his face playfully. “If anything they get it from you. I was a well behaved child, unlike you.”
“Anthony never ceases to impress,” Thor raised an arm in cheer and multiple chuckles rang around the room. It was all stopped when Rhodey rose from the couch, standing straight with muscles tensed. All eyes turned to him.
During his time of brain shut down Steve had ended up forming a small pile of fish right at Tony’s feet without him even realizing it. It was more than enough fish for a proper meal to the point that leftovers were going to be on the menu for dinner. When Steve deemed the pile of fish enough he sat in front of Tony’s feet and wagged his tail, waiting.
“And to think we were worried about you. Tony having offed you and used you for his forge or thrown you down the river or tied you to your bed.”
Tony inhaled Steve's clean scent. A huge contrast to what the putrid alpha smelled of. It soothed him, made him feel safe. And he knew with Steve covering him he was truly safe.
Natasha’s canine form was every bit beautiful and graceful she looked to be. Tony didn’t know what it was about foxes that made them appear elegant but the shifters who had the form were always matched perfectly. At least from what few foxes Tony had seen did. He couldn’t imagine Pepper as anything else but the beautiful strawberry marble fox she was. And now that he was seeing Natasha, he couldn’t imagine her as anything else either.
“You said there was an empty shack here?” Tony communicated through growls. Words clear but accompanied by a gruff tone.
As far as Tony was concerned it rang true for most of his life. Hammer never talked about the possibility of switching. Never considered it. The alpha would have scoffed at the very idea and Stane would have helped to reinforce that belief.
“No, if anything we are switching it over and making it about you,” Bruce pointed at him. “What happened that caused you to injure your wrist?”
The outfit itself was a masterpiece on its own, but with Tony wearing it? He couldn’t deny he looked almost noble in it, but he didn’t do it the great justice it deserved. The outfit was expertly done and if worn by someone, Steve for example or even Thor, it would’ve looked stunning, for both the shifters and the clothing. With Tony, however, it looked, well, it looked beautiful in on itself, and it made Tony look better than any outfit he’d worn before. Any of the outfits worn when he was in his father’s pack and even Hammer’s didn’t come close to this one single set. Jan really knew what she was doing.
“Tell me, Anthony, do you truly believe you are the only one with a skill worth demanding of? Is my spells not worth a mention? Janet’s skill in attires? Her mate’s skill in alchemy? Clinton’s archery? Steven’s handling of the shield? The idiot feline’s skill to manipulate lightning?” Loki named off in a bored and unimpressed tone, making Tony slowly realize what he was doing with every skill mentioned. “You are special, yes, but you are not the most unique, not with this pit. There will be no difference should the others discover of your skills, but if you wish to keep secrets from them be my guest.”
“Those who hold their own against mine mass are admirable. Shall we test that theory further?” Thor gave what appeared to he a sultry smirk but looked very awkward coming from the face of a lion.
Footsteps echoed as someone walked closer. Rhodey pulled away from him but in exchange Steve took his place. Tony dared look up, watching his alpha’s expression carefully. The fear, the worry, it was clear Steve didn’t want him along, but Tony didn’t want his pack to leave without him.
He never saw Rogers pushing him against the wall and kissing him coming. The move was so rough his bottom lip tore from the impact. It shocked Tony. He kissed back more out of reflex than anything. His legs dangled helplessly as Rogers held him up by his strength alone. It shocked him, even more, when he felt a very protruding bulge pressing against his thigh. Hard and pulsing and very obvious in those tight jeans Rogers was wearing.
Thor had taken the situation in his own paws and took a running start to jump over Vision into the river, creating a massive wave that drenched Tony, the jackal and the coyote from head to toes. With a growl of concern, Thor padded through the water that reached his chest and began to softly push Vision towards the edge with his nose. Half of Vision’s body that was submerged resurfaced and once the base touched solid land Vision quickly rolled to Tony’s opened arms.
“Rhodey, this is my star-light, the Hulk. Hulk, this is my honey-wolf, Rhodey. The big guy sometimes goes by Bruce, too. When he's calm."
“No, no,” Jan reassured.  “We just…” she looked thoughtful. “We could use a little help getting under Steve’s skin. We can only do so much, but with you catching his eye and playing along,” she winked at him. Steve released a rumble, and from the way he quickly stopped himself and appeared sheepish the rumble could’ve only been involuntary. It made her grin. “This is going to be fun.”
Tony understood why the crowd was telling tales, hell, he’d be doing it, too if he were honest. Seeing a famous pack walk across town and spotting two new additions among them, especially when those additions were two old omegas? He would be openly staring at them, as well. Didn’t make the situation any better seing as Bruce and him were the ones subjected to it.
Tony fought his hardest to keep the embarrassing blush from coloring his cheeks. Bruce, the hero Tony never knew he needed and was slowly becoming Tony’s love of his life, eased the burning eyes away from him by chuckling and bumping his shoulder against Tony’s. “Great, I thought I was the only one getting hungry here. Time for lunch?”
“Maybe we can share shoulders,” Clint suggested with a waggle of his eyebrows and a shake of his shoulder in an effort to tempt the cockatoo.
“I won’t say a word if you don’t want me to,” Steve whined and tucked his snout again, “but our packmates are sharp. They
Tony waved a hand, not understanding why the kid was even apologizing to him. “No reason to apologize as long as you’re fine.”
“I’m not going back,” Tony surprised himself when he snarled this. “I’m never going back with you. My home is
Hank and Thor appeared ready to jump over the table, not to harm him - and Tony must’ve been imagining it - but to sooth him. Even Loki looked ready to flip anything within his grasps. Tony must've been losing his mind if that was what he was seeing.
Tony continued eating, mindful of their conversation and any sudden comments that would send him into a coughing fit. He was halfway done by the time they gave him a question.
” The change was frightening. Not a second ago Hammer had been enjoying the power he held and that usually meant toying with his victims. Mocking and taunting while keeping his cold and proud demeanor. Now, he was ready to lash out and fight. To win with violence.
The bag under him shifted, something inside moving and causing Tony’s hind legs to lift up before sinking down again. Out rolled a little mechanical ball that opened a latch at the top to reveal a small head with two blue lights as eyes and a yellow rune glowing on it's ‘forehead.’ The ball chirped at him, moving back and forth to express its concern. Tony snorted and patted the head gently with his paw.
“From what I can taste, you require more than a simple splash of water,” Loki hissed, sticking his tongue out in a show of what he meant. Tony flushed under his fur. He was familiar with how serpents smelled their environment. Loki wasn’t just breathing through his nostrils, he was literally tasting his pheromones with his tongue. Tasting his smell. Tasting, in a sense,
“Steve,” he whined, but his alpha remained firmed. He bucked his hips without thought, coming just inches from being touched but Steve pulled his hand back before skin contact was made.
Tony looked away. They were friends, he told himself. Steve wouldn’t allow just anyone near him, let alone kiss him out of the blue. They were a very friendly friend. Different culture, he hoped. Coming from a place where they greeted each other with friendly kisses. Yes, that had to be it. Just friends.
“Don’t let him hear you say that, otherwise he’ll never stop.” As if to prove their points Vision made a show of trying to roll down the bed covers he could reach in order to make a ramp for himself and crying out in outrage when Jarvis grabbed those same covers and flapped his wings to pull them back. Vision continued rolling and Jarvis continued pulling. It was a never ending game.
“I will hold him after Hawkeye strikes,” Thor says, taking a large step to get ahead of them, but stops when Falcon holds him back.
For a time they remained quiet. Rhodey had tucked his head over the back of Tony’s neck and kept still, choosing to wait until the time was right to speak. It reminded Tony of their younger years. After a particularly nasty alpha or beta or sometimes even an omega said cruel words that truly cut deep into his conscious and left him with emotional pain, Rhodey was always there in an instant. The alpha had been a constant and true support, curling up with him to lessen the hurt with soothing words.
Sam tilted his head up to stare at the night sky before heading to the direction that Tony thought was possibly north. After that conversation seized. They were tired, hungry and patiently waiting for the hunting party to come back. Even Vision wasn't up for making noise.
“Stop!” He shouted as loud as he could and made a straight line to the three. Clint and Sam jumped in his path, trying to stop him, but without putting much thought into it Tony used his momentum to jump over them and keep going.
Vision chirped and lulled his head in a circular motion as a greeting. As for Bruce, the moment Vision came into, well, vision, Bruce had snapped his attention to the little machine. He appeared to be calculating in his head what exactly he was seeing. Tony recognized that look anywhere. It was the look of someone trying to break something down into variables and piecing them together in order to understand them and how they worked. Bruce was obviously a man of science and Tony just knew he was going to get along with the other omega just fine. He didn’t even care for the reason why every other shifter was avoiding him.
Clint turned to leave and there was a very notable stagger in his steps, but Tony didn’t pay much attention to it, not when his focus was running on whether Steve was mad at him or not.
Tony had walked away from the exchange the moment he realized what would occur. Not wanting to witness the poor soul being nicked from their hard-earned coin. There wasn't much Tony could do to stop Hammer and Obie. He was only an omega after all. Instead, he had walked around the town a bit and watched parents and their children and the elderly sitting and enjoying the sun. There were family packs left and right. Packs meant for the folks who didn’t want fame or wealth and only cared for family. They raised children and cared for the elderly and kept an eye out for each other. These were the folks who stayed permanently in one place instead of traveling the lands. They were the reason why towns and cities existed.
When he finished shifting he waited for Steve to make a move. The alpha was still on top and tucked near his neck and surely felt the change happening. He knew what had just occurred and when he pulled back to take a good look there was no stopping his golden tail from moving absurdly fast and thumping on the ground.
That had Steve snapping his mouth shut before he reached for his pack and pulled out a coat, scrambling to his feet. “You don’t look bad at all,” he said to Tony and offered his coat with a smile, “you’re more than a fine specimen, but you must be cold. Take my coat.”
Steve padded the ground in order to get their attention. “We’ll help if that’s the case. It’s our fault for keeping you so long.” He gestured to Natasha with his snout.
He flinched when a hand touched his arm and shut his eyes in preparation for what was to follow. The hand was quickly retracted and was followed by… nothing. Hesitantly, he opened his eyes and searched the direction the hand came from. His heart sank when he realized the hand belonged to Jan and she was looking at him with obvious concern. She wasn’t the only one.
He sighed. He had unintentionally set himself up to lose. “Fine, but the moment there’s trouble both of you hide, understand?” Two whistles of different tones was his confirmation. “We better go and pack then.”
It was at that moment that Ben and May caught up to them. They gave a brief glance at Steve but showed no ill towards him. Peter eagerly told them about everything that just transpired. His boy talked their ears off as Ben carried him down and May grabbed Tony’s harness. Their cue for ‘time to go.’
of all shifters. What had Tony done in a previous life that even the Captain, who dedicated himself to helping people and keeping them safe, wanted to humiliate him?
Sam joined Clint’s side. “We can always spend the rest of the time doing something else.” The two betas exchanged a brief glance, silently agreeing to something Tony didn’t think he wanted to know. “Preferably alone,” Clint finished.
“Mine dreams hold many fantasies, none of which you wish to hear, but should your curiosity ever need to be sated -”
“Great, we can use more company. The more the merrier.” Sam took a sniff. A moment of pause. “Wonder how long until Steve notices and comes running,” he commented.
“Stop,” for lack of where to place his hands, he settled for Steve’s biceps just to have contact, “don’t hurt yourself.”
Tony couldn’t remember the last time he felt safe enough to enjoy a lie down in the forest, to appreciate the fresh air and the surrounding nature and savor the few worry free moments it gave where life and responsibilities couldn’t touch him. Not even with Hammer and his pack was he able to do this, when they traveled the roads and needed to camp. He was always anxious and on edge, waiting for Hammer to order something of him. He could never unwind knowing at any given moment the alpha would demand him to… to demand his body and have it done... in front of the pack. On display like a prized cow. Used over and over.
The alpha licked and licked over the bite before giving it a lingering kiss. He then left a trail of kisses down his neck to his shoulder, over his chest and finally stopped over his belly. Tony arched his back at his touches. Fingers trailing softly on his sides as he kissed every inch of available skin. His belly… it did stuff to him. The arch was from the pleasure and wanting more, shoving his belly to the alpha. If Tony hadn’t been hard before, he was certainly hard now.
“Something new.” For all the confidence and leadership Steve would usually show to his pack and out on the road, watching him sit and hesitate with his words was an odd sight to witness. It showed the alpha wasn’t perfect. Wasn’t this unreachable star. He was every bit as flawed as the rest of them, and Tony could reach out and touch him.
That shield probably had the longest lifespan of all of Steve’s shields. However, Tony didn’t stop with just reshaping the shield to its original state. He made adjustments when and where he could. After studying Steve’s style of fighting, he went and manipulated the angles to enhance the add more strength to his alpha’s blocks and throws. This led to the shield becoming rounder, and in turn sturdier for Steve’s handling. Eventually, the shield wasn’t shaped for protection and instead was meant for an offensive take.
“Tell you what,” Sam started with a wicked smirk. “Share with the pack what Vision had said and we’ll share with you what we’re talking about.”
However, it was the ladies (and Loki) who were the true victims of this act. They had been trying to keep their hair dry but now found themselves looking at the world through wet strands that stuck to their faces. They were not amused. Far from it. They were all seeing red.
“I don’t think that’ll ever be possible,” Steve said, grinning with an arm over Tony’s shoulders. “Can’t get enough of him.”
The sight of the carriage got the pack rushing forward. As if reaching it would shield them away from the Avengers. Stop the famous pack from discovering Hammer and his own were running off with two of theirs.
, Mister Stark-Rogers, you will realize how wrong you are. You'll have to fight Natasha for the title.”
It continued for a good couple of minutes. Back and forth witty remarks and sassy comebacks were thrown. Clint the main subject for them until Thor’s name was added to the fray and soon it became a free for all. Apparently in order to scare off a Loki one just needed to have a handful of dirt. The serpent shifter would go slithering the other way in an instant. To lure a Hank into a secluded room all one needed was a questionable sample of forest matter. To chase off a Jan one only needed to wear a very unstylish outfit with holes and tears. Thor was simple. All one needed was sweets (and Loki as well).
“Our whole pack is out there in the open and getting split apart. If this keeps up they’ll each be sitting ducks.”
During these moments where affection and praise and love were the most wanted, Tony never received any of it in his many years as Hammer’s mate. Never received it from any mate since presenting as omega and having his first cycle. It had only ever been Hammer and for the longest time, he believed it would only ever
Once the party who was waist-deep in the water were clean enough, or at least acceptably so, they didn’t waste any time in splashing each other and rejoicing when they managed to land their targets. At one point Bucky had made the mistake of aiming for Sam, thinking he had a sure hit, only for Sam to duck under the watery projectiles in time and instead struck the Hulk’s face. The big wolf furiously shook his head, gave Bucky a rather intimidating glare that drained all color away from the alpha and pounced.
“I’m heading over to the tents.” The area where the emergency kits and workers were located. “Hopefully Hank will notice my new ribbon.”
Steve feels bile rise up as he recalls the taste of it. The taste of his best friend’s blood in his mouth. He has to pause the footage to run to the restroom and throw up nothing. Nothing but the water he forces himself to drink. His appetite having been long gone.
“Uh,” Tony managed and for a moment he panicked. What was he going to say? He had to think of something. He had to somehow redirect her attention.
“That's better. If only. What I would give to take twenty years off my back,” he thought longingly. “I'd be such a catch.”
Steve reached out a shaky hand and gently held the un-wrapped fingers on Tony’s injured arm with his own. “I’d like to get to know you, if you’d let me.”
“Sir?” his ear twitched. He had forgotten Jarvis was on his shoulder and the voice sounded loud so close to his ear. It gave him a shock. “I am unfamiliar with what is found attractive to your species, but I must say
“Sarcasm doesn’t become you. What ever happened to my baby Jarvis that had manners and respected me? Who taught you sarcasm?”
Thor gave a grand belly laugh. Thankfully he didn’t take the Hulk’s comment as an insult. “Aye, I am eager to test your skills and form a bond through battle. Perhaps I shall finally have an equal to my strength and a worthy opponent.”
Steve released a whine of embarrassment just as Tony automatically said “No,” to the deal. He’d rather go on not knowing the inside joke they shared between themselves than reveal what Vision had said in regards to Steve. It was something the little machine should not have been aware of in the first place, and Tony had done everything he could to prevent him from accidentally rolling in on a heated scene, but somehow the little menace still knew about it and was very blunt on the subject. Tony put all the blame on Jarvis.
He couldn’t even respond back. His tongue heavy in his mouth. He was welcomed to stay. They were allowing him to stay. What should he do? What should - he didn’t know what to do.
He didn’t have to, though, for Steve’s eyes grew fond as he reached over to grab the edge of the rumpled blanket Tony lied on and pulled it over to cover him. He then lifted Tony up, blanket wrapped around him like a cocoon and all. Tony had the briefest of moments to appreciate his alpha’s strength, able to heave him with little trouble, then the slick and seed he was trying to prevent from getting out leaked with little trouble and he made a noise of mortification.
Peggy turned her gaze to Steve, then Tony and then back to Steve. “You did finally find him, right Steve?”
“What?” Tony felt his voice go quiet. “Don't - you can't give up on me now, Brucie. Not when we're this close.”
Tony had to blink several times in order to make sure he was seeing what he thought he was seeing. That in fact his eyes were not deceiving him and Jarvis was really nesting on top of the forge and Vision was circling the anvil.
Mated. She was mated to one of his packmates. Who could that be? Loki? Thor? Was she a third in a triad relationship, much like Rhodey, Sam and Clint? Were his packmates keeping her quiet from him? They never mentioned anything… had they?
“I said no,” again he heard himself say. A foreign concept, and yet he was witnessing it before his very eyes.
, protecting, this was something he couldn’t deny. It was a skill he cherished most and now he was using it the way he’d always wanted. To protect those he loved.
Sharing his food with a mate, Tony’s head supplied. Steve was doing it again and confirmed it this time in his shifted form. He actually saw Tony as a potential mate.
He felt the weight on his chest shift and it could only mean that Jarvis was moving his head. He didn’t have to see Jarvis to know the cockatoo was staring right at him. “You wish to ask something else, Sir? What is on your mind?”
What Steve was going to realize soon enough was that Rhodey was just as stubborn as the younger alpha. If not more. Age tended to do that. “Will you continue to say that even knowing your refusal will cause the bond forming between old and new to weaken? Strength grows when traveling together. You know this. You
“The dingoes went to search for wood. Steve went to get fruits and berries for our friend here,” Natasha answered.
On one specific day they were downright stubborn about letting him near the doors. Thankfully he had no work on that day, Ben having ordered him not to show up, but after so many days inside the urge to run around and breathe in fresh air was strong, but the omega and two betas were stronger.
Hulk. Whoever considered Bruce for a mate had to be aware they wouldn’t be courting just one person, they’d be courting two.
He had no idea what Rhodey had threatened the alpha with, but whatever it had been it must have hit close to home for Steve. Tony had never seen such fury like this. Silent and boiling. Not even when Steve saved him from those rogue shifters.
“You sure? I’m telling you they’re really something. Not even Bucky can figure out how they make them or get something close to it.”
“Just incredible?” Sam teased. “Not life changing? The greatest cake you’ve ever tasted? It doesn’t make you want to be my mate?”
Tony made a noise of mortification when Bucky, Clint and Sam moved their eyebrows very suggestively and Natasha said “I take it you both had a fun time together? You disappeared on us for nearly an entire day.”
“Come on and join us already. Got an exciting day ahead of us. You’re going to need all your energy, Tony, so you better eat up because when I’m done with you your thighs are going to be on fire,” Jan patted the seat a few more times.
Bucky lifted both hands up, accepting defeat. “I get it, I went too far. I wanted to tease you so bad I didn’t even think about what I was saying.”
be thinking about is,” Sam gestured to Jarvis and Vision, “telling us about your two friends here. I'll take a guess and say Jarvis here isn't like any regular cockatoos and we don't even know where to start with Vision. No offense to you, little guy. We don't know how to talk about you.”
“If you haven’t done that already nothing’s going to scare him away,” Dugan gave a big belly laugh. “It’s nice to meet you, Tony. How did
Even if Tony had to share Steve’s affection with another, he still had everything. He would find happiness. Find it with his pack, with his friends, with his family. If he never came to love Sharon, he’d still have his family.
The hydra’s head all turned to look at them. Rhodey and Pepper having a head pin them down and Tony having two of his own. He growled again, this time louder, a razor’s edge away from becoming a roar.
Tony took in his messy golden hair and bright eyes and wondered how someone could look so vibrant. Then he wondered, yet again, what Steve saw in him. “Good morning, Steve.”
The more he walked the more he thought perhaps he missed the building entirely. He went down the right direction and even kept an eye out for the smoke Mrs Par - Mrs
He had gotten so used to the cockatoo Tony couldn’t remember how his life had been without him. He loved the cockatoo and he figured the cockatoo loved him back. The bird had stayed by his side for the past twenty years. Surely there was a reason for it. Jarvis first entering his life was a memory he was never going to forget.
As for Sam, Clint, Bucky, Natasha and Steve, Tony hadn’t confirmed it, but he suspected that the five took up small contracts on their own. Not for big jobs such as hunting stray packs or saving innocents, but small ones that probably consisted of searching for an elusive critter for a frustrated hunter or fetching a lost item or even escorting someone on the road. The stretch of time they would disappear occasionally was enough to complete plenty of small contracts.
Tony managed to stop the blush fighting its way to his cheeks but couldn’t do anything about the fluttering that was growing in his chest. He was reaching dangerous territory now with his attraction for Steve, and if Steve continued what he was doing there was no telling how far Tony was going to sink, or how long it would take him to claw back up again after the inevitable heartbreak.
From his side he felt movement followed by the scandalized sound of Vision apparently sharing the same sentiment as Jarvis.
Tony's heart didn't get a chance to calm down or take a break because a second later a pair of hands touched the area of his hips and tail and was accompanied by a shriek that made him flinch. He dashed forward, tumbled a bit, and spun around to see Bruce chuckling and Jarvis looking far too smug.
Thor had a sad smile. “Worry not, my friend. They are strong canines with golden hearts, but even a warrior will fall from reopened scars.”
Because the conversation they were having was out in the open Steve and Natasha heard every word and they turned to give the pair of betas disapproving gazes.
No, he had to believe they were out there besides themselves with worry and looking for him. Perhaps even on Hammer and Stane’s heels, needing time to catch up and strike.
Rhodey and Pepper gave him dead looks, both unconsciously stiffing their bat and feathery wings. The wings expressed more than what their faces and body revealed and all three had learned overtime to always keep an eye on them to see what they were truly thinking and feeling. Tony found it to be extremely helpful in figuring out what his comrades were thinking but at the same time he found it to be an attack because it went both ways and they were more than willing to always point out his stance from the way his wings shifted.
Steve turned an intriguing shade of red as Natasha shoved an elbow at the brunet alpha. The rest of the pack, minus Tony and Bruce and Loki, snorted. Some of the snorts soon turned to outright laughter when Clint muttered, “We’ll never hear the end of it once it happens.” Even Loki couldn’t hold in the smirk.
The serpent shifter sent him a dry look. “Your manners are simply outstanding, dear Captain.” With a wave of his hand over the sharp end of the staff Loki mumbled something and both the staff and his hand began to glow a faint green. Tony watched in fascination. He’d seen a few magic users before with Hammer’s pack, the numbers so low that he could could count every encounter with his hands, but every single one of them a unique experience. Each one manifested a color distinctive to them, different shades and different intensity. All of the colors somehow expressing the user perfectly, as if matching their very soul.
Awkwardly, for Tony had never done so in years now, he released a short whine, carrying with a silent question. It was the highest of whines, hitting a whistle note, but Steve heard it loud and clear.
Steve gave one more lick before moving to the other nub, giving it the same treatment and sending a hot flash all over his body. Those lips and that tongue sucked and licked and nibbled and it was driving Tony crazy, even more so when Steve continued down to kiss over his ribs and down to his naval and even further down to give the tip of his dick a kiss. Tony would’ve bucked his hips if it wasn’t for the fact that Steve had pinned them down, leaving him immobile. Then Steve did something he hadn’t expected at all. He took in all he could of Tony’s length into his mouth, enclosing Tony in a warmth he didn’t know existed. Tony cried out in pleasure, grasping the pillows for dear life as Steve’s tongue did things he never experienced before. He was never on the receiving end of it. It was usually Tony giving to Hammer, but as Steve sucked and bobbed his head back and forth he understood why Hammer demanded so much of it.
A moment of pause before Tony tightened his arm around Steve’s neck and shoulder, cuddling him closer. The alpha released a happy whine and snuggled his head over Tony’s lap, tail wagging faster than ever before. He gave Vision a lick when the little machine rolled curiously closer to him, earning a high pitched pleased sound.
In all honesty he wanted to. He wanted everyone to know because it meant Steve wasn’t hiding him, Steve wasn’t ashamed of him, he wasn’t some dirty secret. But at the same time he was putting Steve on the stop to be ridiculed because Tony really was no one now.
Tony stopped him before he could continue. Bruce was definitely a man of science. “Slow down there. Take a breath. I’m all for questions for the sake of science but I’d rather not talk about this out in the open if it’s fine with you.”
Tony’s guilt only solidified as he watched Jan comfort her mate and receiving comfort in return. He averted his eyes from the private moment. The sensations in his abdomen serving as a reminder for why the pair carried a weight on their shoulders. How was he going to make this up for them? Where could he even start? He knew Hank was going to apologize to him for his reaction but did Tony deserve that apology? He was responsible for his body and his choice could’ve put his pack in potential danger. He chose not to take Hank’s suppressants. It had been irresponsible of him and Hank had every right to tell him as it was.
He stopped short from putting his foot down when Jan grabbed his arm gently. “We aren’t leaving yet. Go ahead and finish up.”
At Vision’s whistle of astonishment Tony, Jarvis and Bruce exchanged glances of disbelief. ‘This is a warpack house?’ Tony mouthed at them, not believing it even after they had just seen it. There were no other buildings around, which meant this home was the only possible home of the Avengers, and it was mindboggling. War packs weren’t exactly known for bringing in a lot of coin, seeing as their revenue came from taking whatever battle contracts were available.
As they continued walking Tony got the impression that what Loki thought was a matter of minutes was the complete opposite of what he meant. They had to have walked for more than fifteen, possibly about half an hour, and even as the grassy terrain was switched to a gravelly road they didn’t look to be getting any closer to the pack appearing. He was about to ask how much longer and if they were almost there yet when, on the curve of the road that caused it to disappear behind trees, he heard faint voices.
