The two men both felt like new, knowing they had Mary's love and support. It helped them both to move on and their relationship became stronger than ever.
When they got home, Mrs Hudson was ready with tea and biscuits, which the Baker Street Boys were grateful for. As they drank their tea, they filled Mrs Hudson in on what had happened. John looked out of the window of the living room, as Sherlock dozed on the sofa and Rosie played with her hedgehog toy, and he smiled. Home. Baker street had felt so far away when everything took a turn for the worse, up in Edinburgh. Although, John had enjoyed getting away from London, at the same time. The little family that they had formed was perfect. It was unconventional, untraditional and strange to most, but it was just right to him. And John couldn’t wait for their family to grow even further when Molly’s baby was born. The scare of the Oliver situation had been sorted. Mycroft had got it so that nothing was going to happen to Molly and Molly had received an anonymous donation of £50,000 to go towards the baby. Mycroft didn’t say who it was from but it was clear he knew. Sherlock had told John it must have been Oliver’s family, due to the trouble he had caused (not only by kidnapping her but also risking the life of her unborn child) and probably as a thanks for getting rid of such an awful person.
"Fine. Just not Radio One.", Sherlock replied, before they set off, back to central London, away from the suburbs. Back home.
Molly went to bed first, saying her goodnights and putting away her tea mug before climbing the stairs to her room. Then Greg went upstairs to get changed, followed by Mycroft ten minutes later, who had finished his work for the evening. That left the Baker Street Boys alone, in the living room. John turned off his laptop, and placed it on the table next to him, just to realise that Sherlock had fallen asleep. He sat quietly for a moment, until Sherlock jerked, nearly falling off the sofa, before he tossed and turned a few times before sitting up, bolt right, and gasping.
"Okay. Okay. I get it. You suffered whilst you stood on the sidelines whilst I was with Mary. God, Sherlock, if I'd have known..."
Sherlock, as much as they fought, knew that Mycroft had everyone's best interests at heart, especially when it came to himself. The amount of times Mycroft had sat with him whilst he was coming down from a high, or paid his rent, or had even sat and watched him sleep, just to make sure, was enough to see how Mycroft cared for his brother. Sherlock and his brother had an unspoken rule between them, in that neither of them mentioned any of these things, but both were grateful of each other all the same. Sherlock continued to work on communicating with his sister, also, desperate for her to realise that she was forgiven, and that he was there for her, knowing what being lonely felt like.
"I'm just fine, thank you, John. I have a query... I, myself, who has for many years been considered the ice man, has found someone I love. I wish that for my brother, also... He was always the sentimental one. I think, Doctor Watson, that you have these feelings for my brother, and I can assure you he feels the same way about you. Now, how you go about this, is your choice, but he does love you, John, and has done since you shot a cabbie to save his life."
When John came back downstairs, after checking on Rosie, he found an empty, clean kitchen, which confused him. Checking to make sure Sherlock was okay, John quietly widened the gap in Sherlock's bedroom door, and poked his head around. There he found a bundle of curls, wrapped up in blankets and pillows, snoring lightly. Chuckling to himself quietly, John then backed out of Sherlock's room, got himself a glass of water and made his way up to bed himself.
As soon as John was ready, Molly picked Rosie up and off the pair went to meet Greg at Scotland Yard.
“There Papa. All better.”, she said, before jumping down and repeating the same action with John, staying on her Dad’s knee after she had wiped away his tears.
Not five minutes later, after what seemed like an eternity of silence and Greg’s pacing, Mycroft came into the living room, a tired, worn look on his face. John and Sherlock immediately jumped up off the sofa and Greg stopped pacing.
“If you hadn’t have lied about where you were last week, only to turn up at home at 7am, after your Uncle Mycroft had a search party out looking for you, mind, then you know I would let you out.”, John told his daughter.
Sherlock took the first drag of his cigarette and let out a smile. He could feel the smoke burning it's way down into his lungs and it felt fantastic. He had missed it. He had promised John he would never touch a cigarette again, but what John thought or said no longer mattered. John didn't want to be with him anymore. And that hurt. It hurt like hell. So, what was a little more pain, as his lungs screamed for oxygen, rather than the poison he was providing them with. He couldn't find himself to care, however. John was everything. And now John was gone.
Smith then spilt everything to the pair, and sat in despair, as Greg and Sherlock joined the other two in the next room.
Sherlock was sat in the library when the others entered, his eyes closed and his hand steepled under his chin. John huffed with irritation and went to sit away from Sherlock, behind one of the book-shelves, where he knew he wouldn’t be able to see him. Greg looked towards Mycroft, who didn’t seem fazed, but Greg felt like the tension in the room could be cut like a knife. The Holmes boys were, as always, oblivious to something that seemed so obvious.
John was amused by the whole idea of Sherlock becoming a ballet Dad. Due to John working in the A&E at Barts (a job that Mycroft had been able to get him in for), Sherlock did all of the dropping off and picking up for the classes and often waited around in the waiting area whilst Rosie did her lesson. He found the way the mothers cooed over him irritating but he got enough scandalous information just by looking at them that, if they ever tried anything, then he would quite happily spread their little secrets to the other mums. Dance mothers were ruthless.
“Molly… Oh my. Thank God, you’re okay.”, Greg said, pulling her into a hug, as Sherlock just stood there, looking down at Oliver, who was now dead.
“I do too. There is so much to do up here. There is Blackpool Pleasure Beach, you know, with all the roller coasters, and there is the Sandcastle, which is an indoor waterpark. I was thinking… We could maybe come up during October half-term.”
“It sounds like Mycroft will have some competition in the future. She would make a good politician.” Greg commented.
"That's less than he deserves, Greg. I can't even begin to comprehend what goes through that man's mind.", John said, a little calmer, but still red-faced with anger.
“Come on, Sherlock… We have had the year from hell, and we’re only half-way through it. Please, for me, can we just go. Rosie would love the street acts, and we can hire a babysitter for up there, when we need one. Sorting the case out will only take a day. We could go for four days. There is that museum/exhibit thing, ‘Dynamic Earth’, which I’m sure Rosie would love. Please… For me.”, John begged.
“Not when you have a friend who runs the British government.”, Sherlock smiled at her, gaining a small smile from both Molly and Greg.
Does my Pa wear cologne and if so, which one? I think he does, but I don’t know which one. That’s one of the strangest questions I think I have ever had…
“Just because I don’t drive, love, it doesn’t mean that I can’t drive. I just have to be driven around when in London for safety measures.”
"He reserves his memory space for stuff that he deems to be important. For example, he didn't know that the earth went around the sun, but he still knew Dad's favourite flavour of crisps and what size jumper he wears, long before they even considered themselves to be best friends, let alone before they actually got together and got married.", Rosie said.
“I know. Thank you, love.” Sherlock said, with a smile, not taking his eyes off the road, but placing his large hand on John’s thigh. John interlaced their fingers and that is where Sherlock’s hand stayed for the rest of the journey.
"No, Rosie, you can't. And, anyway, you wouldn't even be watching anything if your Dad hadn't have left his Netflix, so you are going to watch this, and we're not going to argue about it."
This time, John and Lestrade led the way through the house, opening and closing doors on the ground floor until they found a small library, which was still a large room. Mycroft looked around the titles, checking for first editions. Mycroft had a thing about first editions of the classics… Jane Eyre, Pride and Prejudice, Wuthering Heights… He was checking to see if there were any here, but most of the books seemed to be non-fiction or not first edition. He found one first edition and smiled… The Modern Prometheus by Mary Shelley – Sherlock’s favourite book as a child, which explains a lot. Frankenstein and his monster. Mycroft was surprised that his brother hadn’t tried to create a creature himself, using the book as some kind of ingredients list with a method and variables to consider.
“Horsforth, just outside of Leeds… I’ll get onto it now. Ask if there have been any sexual harassment claims. There is a university in that area, as well as there being more in the centre of Leeds. There were a few break-ins in that area, I know that much from the report. I’ll be back in a minute.”, Greg informed them as he went out into the garden to phone around and get more information on their new theory (well, Molly’s new theory).
Once the lights went down, and they began to play, John zoned in on Sherlock and watched, mesmerised, as his husband kept up with the professionals around him. Not that John had any doubt that he would be able to, but it made him smile, all the same. He glanced to his daughter, who was watching, with glee in her eyes, and Mycroft and Greg were sat, Greg’s hand on Mycroft’s thigh, with Mycroft’s hand resting on top. They looked content. Mrs Hudson looked as if she was enjoying it too, as she clutched her champagne glass in her hands.
"Rosamund Mary Watson-Holmes... Do you have a crush on Draco Malfoy?", John grinned, teasing his daughter.
"I don't know, John. I need to think about this. I thought I was getting over you, what with being so happy with Eric. I need to think about this. I cannot and will not break Eric's heart. I don't love him like I love you, but he loves me. I can't do that to him, John. I won't."
"Yeah, I know.", John smiled in reply, his thoughts drifting to Mary for a split second before they immediately found themselves on the matter of Sherlock again. It was at that moment that John realised that Sherlock was still holding his hand, and wasn't showing any signs, or making any attempt to let go. John looked up at the taller man, and saw an expression on his face, which he couldn't quite read. The pair found themselves leaning closer and closer to each other, their lips nearly touching, when a cry came from the baby monitor, and they realised Rosie had awoken.
“Not at all.”, Greg smiled, leaving Sherlock’s good mood to come crashing down, something which John must have sensed, as he immediately placed his hand in Sherlock’s and linked their fingers, giving his hand a squeeze. Sherlock looked at John and gave him a tight-lipped smile of gratitude, before Rosie came thundering into the hall, meaning Sherlock had to let go of John as his daughter dived at them, so that she wouldn’t catch her Dad’s sore arm.
The second time they met was not under the best of circumstances. Sherlock had turned up at a crime scene, absolutely off his tits on drugs, and had started vomiting in an alley near-by. He then went into having convulsions and it was then that Greg realised that he was overdosing. He immediately went into to battle stations, dragging Sherlock to his car and abandoning the investigation to get him to hospital. By the time they got there, Sherlock was near critical and the nurses and doctors were thanking Greg because they might not have been able to do anything if he’d have brought him in any later. He rang the number, which he saved to his phone one optimistic afternoon, and Mycroft answered within two rings.
"I know. You're a big softie, really. Don't worry, though. Your secret is safe with me, Sherlock.", John smiled.
“The rape was carried out by Smith, yes? Then why just the girl and not the mother? What was different about the mother? Some kind of fetish, maybe? And has he been accused of it before? I mean, I find that people who get done for rape haven’t just done it the once. Like that case in that village, in the 80s… A girl went missing. She’d been dragged into the nearby field raped, murdered and then dumped. The community thought they were safe and then it happened again, only a couple of years later, in a village further down the road. It was the same man. He had moved and then had done it again.”, Molly said.
It was at that moment that they were joined by the little girls' Uncles, who had promised to join, so they could feed the ducks with Rosie.
“Oi! That’s enough. And that is no way to speak to your Pa, Rosamund Mary Watson-Holmes. Apologise. Now.”, John ordered.
"Susan.", Sherlock said, with a big fake smile, putting Rosie down. The trio then walked away, Rosie in the middle, holding a hand of each of her Fathers, chatting away to them happily.
“Noble gases: helium, neon, argon, krypton, xenon, radon and unoctium. Other non-metals: boron, carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, fluorine, silicon, phosphorus, sulphur, chlorine, arsenic (which is what that man was killed with in Papa’s case last month), selenium, bromine, tellurium, iodine and astatine.”
“They said that Mum was dead because she escaped from having to put up with me and that I am going to go to hell, with you both, because you’re both wrong. I didn’t want to worry you.”, Rosie explained.
Sherlock, laughing a little, stood, before placing the ring on John’s finger. It was a perfect fit, of course. It would if it was from a Holmes, after all. Sherlock then pulled John close and kissed him tenderly, both men smiling into the kiss and giggling a little. They then went home, knowing that Rosie was staying the night in the Lestrade-Holmes household (they’d got married and Rosie had been a very excited bridesmaid), and they had the most sensational sex that John had ever had. Sherlock had really gone all out for the special occasion, as John always found sex with Sherlock extremely satisfying.
“Right, well… I’m off. I have a date. And before you say anything, Sherlock, I already triple checked his criminal record. We don’t want another Moriarty situation, I know.”, Molly smiled, laughing a little, giving Rosie a kiss on the cheek and leaving the flat.
Sherlock looked close to tears, too, as he replied, "I do love you, John. I always have and I always will. I just need time."
“Because Dada is still not well, Rosie. His tablets make him all sleepy. They make him better by making him sleepy.”, Sherlock explained.
John said his goodbyes, and Greg then left. Once they heard the front door close, Sherlock pounced on John, grabbing him and pulling him out of his chair.
“I believe there are a few near the co-op, a few streets away. We could wander down and have a look, or we can order online and get it delivered.”, Mycroft commented.
Once Rosie was in her later years of high school, many different things began to pop up around the flat. These included cactus plants, fairy lights and inspirational quotes. The inspirational quotes were the things that annoyed Sherlock the most. He didn't like them. The one he hated the most was the one that was pinned to the front of the fridge. It read 'Be happy, Be bright, Be fabulous' in gold, cursive writing. It really got on his nerves. He thought it was useless drivel.
"I suppose we'd better watch it, then.", Sherlock said, taking it from John's hands, to put into the DVD player. John sat on the sofa, and Sherlock joined him, once the DVD was ready, taking John's hand in his and lacing their fingers together.
“I love you, John.” Sherlock whispered, his face buried in John’s neck. It was so quiet that John thought, for a moment, that he had imagined it.
"Well, what person, killing someone they know, snips the telephone wires and smashes their mobile phones? Also, Greg... It's like you said. They were a wealthy family but the only money taken was that from the daughter's purse, which didn't amount to all that much, and the father paid for everything by card or cheque. Everyone who knew the man would know that he didn't pay for things by cash, so why would they go looking in the house for it?", Sherlock explained.
Greg had taken the tube into work, that morning, and was regretting that decision when he had finished the last report and he stepped out into the rain. He only got half-way to the end of the street when a black car pulled up beside him and the door opened to reveal Mycroft Holmes.
“I have to go down to the station, Myc has some work with Oliver to get finished. We’ve booked for ‘Dynamic Earth’ for tomorrow though. Well, I have. My treat for my gorgeous niece.”, Greg smiled, tickling Rosie as she giggled hysterically.
When they went downstairs, Mycroft was sat smugly at the kitchen table, with Greg beaming like an excited child, and Molly also grinning from ear to ear.
“She loves you, you know. If ever she has a question, she always asks you. If she wants something, it is you she goes to first. She only comes to me for cuddles, or you are otherwise engaged.”
“Little bee? Can I speak to you for a minute?”, he asked. Rosie nodded and went to climb on her Pa’s lap, as John watched on, from the kitchen.
“What are you saying? Greg… Where is my daughter?”, John asked him, as Sherlock stood, tears streaming down his face.
Greg had been annoyed at John, which had resulted in John not speaking to him for a month, but Greg didn't care. Greg had seen Sherlock before John had come into his life. He had been there, at his side, as he came down from a high. He had been by his side through the hell of withdrawal. He had even sat and cried by his bedside when he thought Sherlock wasn't going to live, due to an overdose. And Greg didn't want to ever see any of those things ever again.
“It’s ok, Myc. We all know you’re a soft arse when you want to be.”, Greg smiled, before placing a kiss to his partner’s temple.
"And you promised you'd never leave. Guess we both broke promises then, didn't we?", Sherlock spat out.
"Well, she is your daughter. What did you expect?", John asked, as Sherlock handed him a cup of tea. "Maybe this will teach you to ask, if you want to share her sweets."
“No one is blaming you, love. I would never blame you. Not ever again. I’m sorry. Again, I’m sorry. I love you.”, John told him.
The group then went into a comfortable routine of taking it in turns to run around with Rosie and have adult conversations and banter in the midst of entertaining the toddler. Not all was well, however. Unbeknownst to the small family, Oliver was not going to let the Holmes boys walk all over him once again and his revenge would be sweet.
Molly and Rosie stayed out of the boys’ way as they got ready and ate breakfast. During all of this, there was still no sign of Sherlock and, as they were leaving, Mycroft informed John that Sherlock would be meeting them there. John didn’t know what to think. He hadn’t been able to get to sleep due to running the events of the evening over and over in his mind, trying to figure out if he’d done anything wrong. The mysterious Oliver Grady had appeared and turned everything upside down. In all of the time that John had known Sherlock, he had never seen him act like that. He hadn’t even reacted that badly to the Woman, so John knew that this man was important, in some way. The way Mycroft had spoken to him too and how Oliver had said ‘My Will’, as though he owned Sherlock. John didn’t like it. He didn’t like it one bit.
“He’s my brother.”, Mycroft replied, and that is the first time Greg saw any kind of emotion on the man’s face. He could only describe it as deep concern. And that is the moment Greg understood.
"Anyway, I'd best be off. Come to the station tomorrow for half 10? I'll take you through the evidence and we can see if you can pick anything up from it. I can also take you to where the latest body was found, if that's helpful?", Greg asked Sherlock.
“Of course, you do, Mycroft. It has the word pie in it.”, Sherlock joked, causing them all to start chuckling uncontrollably and almost hysterically. It shouldn’t have been that funny, but they were all feeling the effects of the loss of adrenaline after another case solved and a confession in the bag.
The argument was over something so small. Sherlock didn’t know why it bothered John so much. John had been sat on the sofa, reading, and Sherlock had wanted to sit there, so he had simply gone ahead and lay down. Then John got into an argument with him about personal space and had said about how his girlfriends all broke up with him because of stuff like that, before he had stormed out of the flat and hadn’t come back. Sherlock knew John was having troubles with his latest girlfriend, because of John forgetting a date whilst being on a case. Sherlock thought John was just deflecting his feelings about that onto Sherlock, so he had someone to blame.
“Nothing much, no. He’s talking to someone from high up in the government. Oliver will pay for this… I will kill him if I have to. You both don’t need this right now. None of us need any more shit thrown at us, for Christ’s sake. I’m sure Mycroft will ring when he knows something.”, Greg said.
There was a knock at the door, after Rosie had been put to bed, so Greg went to answer it, as Sherlock was lay across John, once again, this time his head in his lap instead of his feet. And John absentmindedly played with his curls as he read a book that he’d been wanting to read for ages: Emma by Jane Austen. Greg came back into the living room, followed by another man, who was a similar height to Mycroft and had light brown hair and eyes that seemed to stare straight into John’s soul, which made him feel uncomfortable. Upon seeing the man, Sherlock had bolted up straight and had put distance between himself and John, moving to the other end of the sofa, which made John extremely confused.
From the moment that Rosie, aged five, first watched Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, she was in love. The songs made her jump around with glee; the flying car had her staring in awe at the screen. Of course, when Sherlock found out that the stage version of the show was coming to the West End, for a limited run, he booked tickets immediately. At this point, Rosie was only 7, but Sherlock knew she would be able to handle sitting quietly through the performance, once she was enraptured with the colours and lights. She loved the dancing and had wanted to begin lessons as soon as she could get them. Sherlock, once again, happily obliged as he had danced when he was younger and had loved it. It was the freeing nature of it that he adored.
Knowing Molly was safe in Greg’s hands, Sherlock climbed into the ambulance with his daughter in it, who was now passed out on a mix of exhaustion and pain relief for her arm (which was definitely broken, according to the paramedic).
"It was the least I could do.", Mycroft replied, sharing a very genuine, rare, smile with his brother, before taking his leave, muttering to himself about the upcoming Russian elections.
Rosie did just that. She ran as fast as her little legs would carry her to the door she had seen the nasty man come out of. Once she was through it, she found she was outside and carried on running. Tears streaming down her face, she cried as she shouted, “Help! Help!”
The day of the theatre trip was a big one, for Rosie. The song in the show, about it being the three of them had been adopted by the Watson-Holmes household and Rosie was often found humming it to herself as she did her homework or helped Sherlock with an experiment. It had become their anthem, in a way. Rosie was so well-behaved throughout the watching of the show, only speaking when she whispered, “It’s our song, Papa.”, to Sherlock, when their song began. Sherlock had to admit that it was a good production. As much as musical theatre wasn’t his thing, every moment was worth it for seeing the look on Rosie’s little face, as the car began to fly in the theatre. She was astounded and mesmerised. John had watched his husband and daughter with a smile, as they chatted about the costumes and dancing and singing, as they all ate a tiny, overpriced ice cream each, in the interval.
“Molly! Molly!”, he shouted, as he ran towards where he could see a body on the floor and another silhouetted, holding a wrench in their hand.
When Mycroft came around from daydreaming, Molly was telling Sherlock and John how Rosie had been asking about sand and the sea and how she wanted to see it. Mycroft made a mental note of that. The small human had grown on him, despite his initial reluctance to have anything to do with her, recalling a certain moment when Sherlock had shown him a picture of baby Rosie. She was so clever now, no doubt down to his brother’s influence on the child and Mycroft found her tolerable due to her ability to learn at an immensely fast rate.
She opened the door quietly and snuck in to find her Dads asleep, facing each other, their limbs entangled with each-others. Both of them were sleeping, her Papa was even snoring lightly. Careful not to wake either of them, she climbed up onto their bed and curled up between them, falling asleep again as she listened to her Dads breathing in unison.
“They are just going to tell us how bright she is. We know she is clever, John. She read the entirety of the Harry Potter books, on her own, before the age of 7. We don’t need some idiot teachers trying to tell us to challenge her and stretch her. What other 10-year-old do you know who does the things she can, in a lab?”
Things got a bit better, with the appearance of Charles Augustus Magnussen as a threat. Sherlock, once again, went out of his way to protect John. He even took a bullet to protect him from the truth about his wayward wife. He also, then, provided John with a place to stay whilst he healed, after the lies from the woman he loved. Sherlock watched John get a little better each day. He watched as John gravitated back to Mary and his heart broke all over again.
"John?", Sherlock questioned, looking confused, as John took the book off him and climbed onto him, so he was straddling his lap.
“Well, that worked out…”, Sherlock thought to himself, staring at John who was breathing steadily but looked ghastly, due to the amount of blood he had lost.
“My pleasure, little brother. Now, I have work to do. Enjoy the rest of your evening, everyone. I shall see you all tomorrow.” Mycroft said, before placing a kiss to his husband’s lips and bidding everyone in the room a goodbye.
He turned around, picking Rosie up, and smiling at John widely. "I never thought it'd happen, either."
"Exactly why she picked them, love. Now am I going to get a cup of tea sometime before Christmas?", John asked, smiling.
"Yes, I know, Cap, but this is different. I don't know what it is about it... Fans make new stories and videos and dress up as the characters. They even pair them off. Some people think Draco and Harry should be together. I mean, can you imagine? Although, I do think that would have been a good part of the plot...", Sherlock said. John loved it when Sherlock called him Cap. It was a shortened version of Captain and was the closest he got to a pet name from his husband.
"Only what was in the daughter's purse, which looks to have been about £20... Everyone in the area knows the family well. The father was rich, with his own company, and was known to pay for everything by cheque or card. He never kept any money on him or in the house."
“Oh, yeah… And we are a household of straight, law-abiding citizens.”, Rosie joked, causing Sherlock and John to laugh.
"Oh? And why was Papa crying, Rosie?", John asked, sitting next to Sherlock on the sofa and stroking his daughter's hair (who was sat on Sherlock).
Rosie was put to bed, after they had all eaten, just in time for Lestrade and Mycroft to arrive to discuss the case. John didn't quite realise that Mycroft was, in fact, Greg's partner, until the[ pair sat on the sofa, opposite John and Sherlock in their armchairs, and Mycroft laced his fingers through Greg's, resting their hands on his lap. After the initial shock, Greg and Mycroft began to bring up the case.
“I love you too.”, Sherlock replied, before he leant forwards and kissed John softly on the lips. Both men could taste the salt of the other’s tears, which made more tears fall.
“Exactly, which makes me think this was murder and that it has been made to look like an error. We’ll know more once a toxicology report is done. Is she being sent to Barts?”, Sherlock asked.
“Yes, hello… Sorry about my husband. I’m sure you know of his reputation. He is having an off-day.”, John explained, which caused Rosie to scoff, only to receive a look from Sherlock, which shut her up straight away.
“Case is solved. I’ll be back soon. I thought, maybe, if you, er, wanted to, that we could go on to Blackpool. Maybe get fish and chips and have a walk down the front.”
Rosie then flipped the camera back onto herself and then proceeded to sit down at the kitchen table, resting her phone against a jar of jam, to keep it upright.
The next morning, John was making tea and Rosie was sat in the living room watching Peppa Pig on Netflix. Sherlock came up behind John, wrapped his arms around him and placed a kiss in the crook of his neck, as John snuggled back into him.
"Okay, Rosie... Dada left me with his Netflix, so what do you want to watch?", Sherlock asked her, as she climbed onto his knee, and looked towards the television.
Rosie was crying now, and simply ran to Sherlock, and dropped onto his lap, burying herself there. She had always done it, but it had been a while, since she was now 17.
Molly joined them after a few minutes, bringing drinks outside for everyone, before they spent the rest of the morning, and well into the afternoon, in the garden, running around with Rosie and chilling in the warm August sun. Surprisingly enough, it had yet to rain, which was common, not only in the UK, but especially at the Edinburgh Festival and Scotland in general. They had been extremely lucky, in that respect. Greg was finished just after lunchtime and then joined them all in the garden, having his turn to run around, leaving John and Sherlock to relax for a while on a blanket that had been laid down on the grass. Sherlock sat up, leaning back on his hands, watching his daughter chase his friends and play, whilst John (who had taken more painkillers) lay his head in Sherlock’s lap and dozed, due to the strong dosage of painkillers he was on.
“Do you want to talk about it?” John asked, as they sat on the edge of his bed, still holding hands.
Whilst Sherlock was tickling a giggling Rosie, giggling himself, he heard, "Well, I never thought I'd see the day..."
Just as he was leaving the house, to go and get Rosie from the constable, a cab pulled up and John stepped out.
“Ah, you’re up…”, John said, as he smiled, looking up from his paper. He frowned when he saw how pale Sherlock was, however. “Are you okay?”
Sherlock turns up to a crime scene without John after an argument and Molly leaves him to sulk in the corner of her lab until a visitor changes everything...
Sherlock was off sleuthing, leaving John the opportunity to explore a little. There was a park, with a lake, where people could hire little boats and go punting. The park had a play area, a paddling pool (which had been cleared after the summer season) and a café. John walked through the park, enjoying the fresh air, that was so much clearer than it was in London. He stopped off at the café, and treated himself to a latte to take away, and continued his walk. He went onto the dunes and then headed back to the small B&B they were staying at, whilst they were there.
Er, let’s see… Can I say hi to Ella and Cory, they are big fans, and it is Ella’s birthday today… Hi Ella and Cory! And a big happy birthday to Ella!
“Come on… Let’s get to bed. We’ve got a busy few days ahead of us.”, John smiled, getting up and putting a hand out to help Sherlock off the sofa.
"Brother Mine... I am surprised you actually answered. I shall have to remember to thank Doctor Watson.", Mycroft said, causing Sherlock to sneer at the sound of a smirk in his brother's voice.
"Er... I want watch Alvin, Unc Lock.", she replied, grinning madly up at him. Sherlock couldn't help but smile whenever she did that, scolding himself mentally every time afterwards for going soft.
Whilst her Dads and two Uncles were inside the house talking about the case and discussing tactics, her Uncle Mycroft participating in legwork for once, which was definitely the influence of her Uncle Greg and the fact that he wanted to see his boyfriend in something other than a suit, Rosie went into the garden with her Auntie Molly.
“I only came here a few times, with my grandparents. They lived in Preston, so it isn’t too far. When they died, we didn’t come anymore.”, John replied.
“You know, I don’t think I’ve ever seen you drive, Myc. You’re usually being chauffeured around.”, Greg said.
“Scottie, come and look at this…”, Mycroft called to his brother, Sherlock smiling at the childhood nickname that Mycroft had used.
Half an hour later, John and Sherlock were sat side-by-side on the sofa, and Rosie was lay across them. It was a bit difficult, now she was practically an adult, but they made it work. John stole a quick glance at his husband, who was watching television, whilst absent-mindedly playing with strands of Rosie’s hair – something they had done since Rosie being a baby – and he smiled. He was glad his daughter had become comfortable in herself enough to accept it and tell them. It made him happy that his daughter had done the thing he hadn’t dared to do, at his age. He was so unbelievably proud of her.
It happened late, one weekend, when Rosie had been put to bed, and the two men were sat together on the sofa, watching TV. Sherlock had a habit of lying across the sofa, with his head in John’s lap. He enjoyed the way that John would subconsciously run his fingers through his hair. That is the position they were in when John spoke up.
"I guess, in a way, that this is my blessing to you both. You both need to let go. Take the leap of faith. Be what you always were. Together. Where you belong.
John pulled away slightly, after a while, to catch his breath, resting his forehead against his partner's.
“Well, in the future, you will be allowed in. I shall have it seen to.”, Mycroft said. “I’m assuming that they wouldn’t tell you anything either?”
"Er, do you mean, Dada? That's what she calls him.", Sherlock asked, looking at John, who mirrored his confusion.
"Bedroom. Now, John.", Sherlock said, before dragging his husband into their room, to make him pay for making him blush in front of Greg.
Mycroft then popped his head in and said, “They’ve just taken Molly to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary. She has a couple of fairly deep gashes, here and there, but they’re mainly concerned about the baby, what with her only being 9 weeks pregnant.”
Sherlock didn’t say so, but John knew that what had happened had affected Sherlock. He had been protected his whole life. He hadn’t ever had to deal with someone manipulating him, like Irene had, because they hadn’t been able to get close enough.
They bought their food and crossed the road again, so they were sat on a bench, looking out over the water, just as the sun began to set.
When they arrived, they were greeted by police tape. After a word from Mycroft, all of them were let through.
“We’re glad you think so. Any chance you could keep an eye on her tonight? We have a ghost tour booked at midnight.”, John asked.
Two weeks after the events of Sherrinford, Sherlock was sitting on the floor of his living room, with Rosie sitting in front of him, as they played with her toys together. John was sitting on the sofa, on the phone to the estate agents. He was selling his house in the suburbs and moving back into Baker Street with Sherlock.
“I guess it helps when you’re shagging the British government.”, John muttered, so only Sherlock could hear, causing the detective to splutter and having to try and cover it up with a cough.
John didn't seem to mind the quotes that popped up everywhere and had even taken to caring for the cactus plants and turning on the fairy lights of an evening, rather than the lamp. Greg found it amusing. He knew these things that had appeared around the flat irritated Sherlock, which just made it all even funnier.
Mycroft had a similar reaction to the inspirational quotes as his brother did. In that he thought that they were all drivel. In his mind, surely, people didn't need to be reminded to be happy. And they certainly didn't need to be told to be bright or fabulous. People were bad enough to deal with, as it was, without them all going around being overly joyous.
He was still John's friend, of course, which made it even harder. He sat back and watched the little girl he saw as his daughter grow without him being there, every step of the way, like he wanted to be. Even Mycroft had said he missed the presence of the little girl, who had grown to become quite fond of the little girl. However, Mycroft saw her maybe once a month, after John left, if that.
As John watched from the kitchen, a small tear escaped down his cheek. Sherlock was so good with her and knew exactly what it felt like to be called a freak, because John had been witness to when people had called him it. Snapping out of it, John made tea for Sherlock and himself and a hot chocolate for Rosie (her favourite comfort drink), before joining Sherlock and Rosie in the living room, where the family enjoyed a quiet night in together.
Rosie found a dress, almost immediately, that she loved, and John smiled as his excited daughter squealed, and he tried not to wince as he paid for it. It wasn’t that he couldn’t afford it. It was more that he was used to not paying the earth for one item of clothing. He knew his husband was the opposite, with his bespoke suits and tailored shirts, but John was happy enough to buy his clothes from shops on high street and buy a whole wardrobe full of clothes for what it would cost for one of Sherlock’s shirts alone. They then went onto the tailors, where John had made an appointment, and John got a new suit, which was going to be a surprise to his husband. He was even going to keep it in Rosie’s wardrobe instead of his shared one, with Sherlock, as Rosie’s room was off-limits to her Papa.
The group chatted about different things, it mainly being Molly, Greg and John, due to the Holmes’ reluctance and hatred of small talk and aimless chatting (the elder Holmes especially). The topic of a previous investigation came up and Sherlock then put his view across by, essentially, taking over how the case was solved, from Greg. They then all ate, after ordering their food online, and each went off to do different things for the evening. Mycroft sat in one armchair, by the window in the living room that looked over the garden, looking over work emails on his laptop, answering a few and reading through a couple of documents that Anthea had sent through for him to verify. Greg sat opposite him, his socked feet resting on his partners’, as he read a crime novel. He read them as he liked to guess the ending before he got to it, and often found that he had solved the case by chapter three but read on just to check he was right. Molly was sat at the other side of the room, in a recliner chair, with a cup of tea, also reading, but she was reading her romance novel that she’d started on the train.
Rosie sat on her bed, scrolling through her phone, trying to put off the inevitable. Her Dad and Pa were back from the case they had been on. She had heard them come in. It didn’t mean she was any less scared though. It wasn’t that she didn’t think they would accept what she had to tell them. It was more that the whole situation was stressing her out. She had spoken to Molly about it. Molly, being her godmother, and only female figure in her life, apart from her grandmother and Nana Hudson, was more than happy to sit with Rosie and talk through things with her. It had helped her massively. She didn’t think her Pa would be particularly happy that she had told Molly about it first, but he would just have to get over it.
January, it was still cold out, so she made sure she had her hat too, and then waited by the top of the stairs for her Uncles to arrive.
It wasn't long, then, before the ambulance arrived, and John let them get on with their work, but he didn't, once let go of Sherlock's head, which he had place in his lap. He brushed the stray curls away from his forehead, crying silently as the paramedics tried to stop the bleeding. He was allowed in the ambulance with him, once he had said he was his partner (even though he wasn't) and they got to the hospital.
“I’ll find out and let you know. Thank you for this, Detective Inspector.”, Mycroft said, smiling a little, but the worry was emanating from the man.
Greg was still on the phone, outside, but was now sat on one of the garden chairs, once again running his hands through his hair in frustration. He was finally getting somewhere with his inquiries and had found that a 14-year-old girl had been approached by two men, matching the descriptions of Smith and Dickinson, who had then proceeded to touch the girl’s breasts and tried to take her pants off. Luckily, someone had been passing the secluded bus shelter and the men ran, and the girl was taken home by the woman who found her, where it was then reported to the police. Greg was glad of the news but felt bad for the poor girl.
"Always.", John smiled, sitting back down and tightening his grip on Sherlock's hand. Sherlock then slipped off, back into sleep, with a small smile on his face.
“Just be careful with what you say, Rosie. You know that your Dad is only doing what is best for you. We were worried sick last week when we couldn’t find you. You weren’t answering your phone, and you had lied about where you were going. You’re lucky, in a way. Your Dad could have placed a worse punishment at your feet.”, Sherlock muttered, quietly, stroking his daughter’s hair, as she sniffled.
Everything went quiet for a moment, and Sherlock stood up, watching the musical director keenly, for his cue. Sherlock hadn’t said anything about a solo, but he was definitely stood, playing on his own, to thousands in the Royal Albert Hall. John felt a swell of pride in his chest, and tears threatened to escape down his cheeks. He glanced at Rosie, who was sat, in awe, with her mouth wide open. It was clear that she would be bragging about this to her friends for years to come. Not only was her Papa the world’s only consulting detective, but he had also played a solo at the Royal Albert Hall, during the proms. She was astonished. Mrs Hudson was openly crying, by the end of it, and even Mycroft was wiping away a stray tear. Sherlock finished the piece with a flourish, before looking directly at the box they were sat in. He blew them a kiss, with a smile, and then sat down again. The members of the orchestra around him were also clapping. The woman sat directly next to him placed a quick squeeze to his shoulder and Sherlock gave her a genuine smile. John knew how lucky he was to have such a husband. He was beyond in love with him. And so was his daughter. She had jumped onto her feet to clap for her Papa’s solo, with tears running down her face.
Oh, hi, Jess! Jess is brilliant. Pa worked with her Dad on a case, about 6 years ago now, I think, and we have been friends ever since.
Sighing, Sherlock picked up the television remote and then proceeded to change the show to Peppa Pig, which was even more drivel than Alvin.
“Because I know you, Myc. And I knew you weren’t really okay, when I was on the phone to you that night. It’s why I insisted that I was on that helicopter.” Greg was the only person who could call the other man Myc without being chastised for shortening his name. Mycroft didn’t mind the nickname from Greg. In fact, he quite liked it. Even his own mother could not get away with shortening her son’s name without being told off for it.
wedding anniversary, Rosie was ecstatic and decided to document it through an Instagram live. Due to her fathers being who they were, she had rather a large Instagram following, even though she was only 15.
“You’re going to have to unwrap yourself, Sherlock, so I can listen to your chest. Need to check if any of the Thames got into your lungs. I’m sure it won’t have but, as you’re coughing, it’s safe to check.”
It was then that the pitter-patter of feet could be heard on the lino of the kitchen floor and a sleepy Rosie appeared at the end of the table, where all of the adults were sat.
"You just thanked me without having to be forced to.", John chuckled, causing Sherlock to roll his eyes.
“Yes, that sounds like a plan. I suggest we go to the house early Thursday morning, however, just to make sure. If they figure out we’re on their tail, they will make more of an effort to get here quicker and if they get in that house before we do, it’s likely that the in-laws will end up as their next victims, which we need to avoid at all costs.”, Mycroft added.
Mycroft, being able to get some time away from the office by leaving everything in the capable hands of Anthea, had arranged the whole trip to Scotland. Sherlock, John, Rosie, Molly, Lestrade and himself were to be staying in a house a mile away from the castle, with the perfect view of it from the rear of the house. It had four bedrooms, a sizeable kitchen and living room as well as four bathrooms and a downstairs toilet. John was baffled as to how Mycroft had managed to procure the house, what with the city being teeming with life at that time of the year, with the festival going on. John was excited to go see the street acts of the Fringe and it was about time he did, as he had wished to for years, but had never got around to it. Of course, for the most part, their time would be spent hunting down the people who had committed such an atrocious crime but they had been told that they would have an extra week in Edinburgh, no matter how long it had taken. Mycroft had promised.
They then got another taxi, back to the B&B, with John making Sherlock promise that they could spend the next day at the theme park.
A month into being undercover, Sherlock had to perform, as a part of the Proms, and Rosie was nearly jumping around from excitement, despite her being 14, as Rosie and John had been gifted a box, due to Sherlock’s involvement in the case. John, who could appreciate classical music but wasn’t as fond of it as his daughter or husband, was looking forwards to seeing Sherlock play as a part of an orchestra. They were also being joined by Mycroft, Greg and Mrs Hudson, due to them having the whole box to fill. One afternoon, Rosie met John after school, and they went shopping for new clothes to wear, for their box experience.
As John climbed the steps to 221B, he was weary. The day at the surgery had been busy but also insanely boring. He had seen bunions, common colds, puss-filled cists and even an ingrowing toe nail. He was expecting his child to be either screaming or shouting, as was usual when he had to leave her with Sherlock, although it had only (luckily) been because she was upset once.
“Fuck off! You’re not even my Dad!”, Rosie yelled, and Sherlock could tell she regretted it as soon as it came out of her mouth, but it didn’t mean it stung any less.
“And where, pray tell, are you kidnapping me to now, Greg?”, Mycroft asked, acting as though he was annoyed by the presence of the detective, but was actually secretly glad that he was there.
“Don’t go to sleep, John. You’ll feel even worse if you nap and then have to get up. You need to wait it out.”
That first kiss was magical. Sherlock was not one for cliches but everything was in that kiss. It was the start of the rest of their lives together.
John got ready in silence, opting for a button-down shirt with a pair of jeans and his softer shoes, due to the weather being gorgeous already (despite it barely being 7:30am). Before he knew it, John was sat in the front passenger seat of the hire car, as Sherlock drove them to the police station. John pretended that he didn’t notice Mycroft reach for Greg’s hand across the middle seat in the back of the car, wanting them to enjoy their relationship in peace, without him gawking at them in the rear- view mirror, wishing he could do that with Sherlock without potentially ruining everything. Even though Mycroft had told him that Sherlock felt the same way, he didn’t want to scare Sherlock away. Despite his claims of being free from emotion, Sherlock had become extremely unstable. His time alone, when Mary had died, had been difficult, especially when he had to dose himself up on drugs massively and struggle to keep himself from overdosing and killing himself because he no longer had his John. Not that John knew that, of course. They had been through so much, too much, pain that they didn’t want to tread on each other’s toes, which was an issue. It meant they were denying themselves of each other.
“I really like Harry, John.” Sherlock said, with a smile, as he ran his hand across John’s face, letting it rest on his cheek.
That left the boys in a comfortable silence, with Rosie happily rambling on about what had happened in an episode of Doctor Who that she had watched with her Dada the night before when she couldn’t sleep.
Sherlock didn’t reply. He simply ignored Greg and left the house, finding a cab on the main road. He went straight to Barts, despite knowing it would be a few hours before the body of the poor woman would be moved from the crime scene.
“That’s so sweet, Sherlock.”, John smiled, before cautiously pecking Sherlock’s cheek, a gesture that was returned on his lips, with a blush.
"And, Sherlock... I love you too. You're one of the most amazing human beings I have ever known. I knew, as soon as you came back, that you loved John. But you never said a thing. You stepped aside and let John be happy and I cannot thank you enough for allowing yourself to not be happy for our sake. Now it is your turn.
“Of course, John… Of course, I will. But, you will get through this. You have to get through this. Please… I need you.”, Sherlock said, tears rolling down his cheeks, with John not being able to catch them before they fell, like he usually did.
"In short, yes. But we need a kid to be put into the firing line.", Greg said. "It's the only way we're going to catch them."
Even Sherlock understood that taking a one-and-a-half-year-old child to a triple murder scene would potentially scar them for life. Well, he understood that now, after the whole Archie situation from John's wedding had left John shouting at Sherlock for his 'stupidity'.
“Fab. I look forward to hearing from you. Well done today, Rosie. You’re really progressing in time for your exam.”
Molly got hugs of all four males (Mycroft included – which shocked her a little), and then Greg took the car and John and Sherlock went outside before Oliver arrived. They had all agreed to not tell Rosie just yet, what with the pregnancy being so early days, and so that she didn’t get too overexcited at the prospect of having a child to play, and no doubt teach.
"I'm bored, John... What am I supposed to do? I can't smoke. You won't let me. I can't shoot the wall. You won't let me. You won't play Cluedo with me...", he whinged like a child.
“Well, today is full of surprises… Congratulations, Mol! And, I’m sure, when I say this, that I speak for all of us, when I say that we’re all here for you through all of it.”, Greg smiled, giving Molly a hug.
Once Rosie had been to the toilet, and they had all got a drink, they were back in the car. They didn’t see either Greg or Mycroft around.
It only took two minutes to inform the Browns of their plan to use the library, which they agreed to, mainly because it gave Mrs Brown some peace of mind that they would have something to do whilst they waited. They then said their goodbyes, with promises of their return at 8am on Thursday morning.
If that had happened a few years before, Molly would have gone home, crying as she drank a whole bottle of wine to herself, wallowing that Sherlock would never be hers. Instead, she messaged Greg, although it was likely he already knew, and just carried on with her life as normal. In fact, it was only a few weeks later that she met Sam. He was one of Greg's PC's and they hit it off right away. It was perfect. When Sherlock had first seen Molly and Sam together, he let himself give them a genuine smile. He was beyond happy that Molly had finally found someone worthy of her. It was what she deserved.
"I don't think that would be wise, John, with a member of Scotland Yard present.", Sherlock smiled, as the last of his experiment was stored on the top of the fridge, out of reach of little, inquisitive fingers.
“Dickinson.”, Greg nodded, taking a gulp out of a bottle of water before the pair headed back into the interview room, where Smith had been removed, and Dickinson was now sat, his elbows on the table and his head in his hands.
"Tell me when you have organised it for and I'll drag his skinny arse out of the house.", John replied.
"I know, love. A lot of people love it. People have themed weddings and all sorts.", John replied, before sitting next to his husband. "I never thought you would ever get into something like this, though, love. You said the Tolkein universe was drivel..."
The night of the performance came around. John, Rosie and Mrs Hudson were picked up by Mycroft and Greg, in one of Mycroft’s posh black cars, and they then made their way across London to the Royal Albert Hall. A member of the front of house team met them in the foyer, and led to their box, where there was free champagne, chocolates and Philharmonic merchandise (which the adults were happy to give to Rosie). Mycroft poured the champagne, and John let Rosie try some of his, but she quickly pulled a face that said she didn’t like it, and she stuck to the lemonade she had (which had also been provided free of charge).
On the day of the audition, Rosie got home, to 221B from school, and seemed delighted with her efforts. John was excited, as he had enjoyed acting at school but had never done it, in the fear of being bullied. As extra-curricular go, John had always veered to playing sports, with him excelling in rugby. He was glad that Rosie was able to do the thing she enjoyed without having people bully her for doing so. It kind of made him wish that he had just thrown caution to the wind and had done the part of Romeo, at school. He was extremely talented and he let fear of what his peers thought of him hold him back.
It started when John met Claire. She was nice, and kind, and had lovely curves. Even Sherlock, as a gay man, could appreciate she was beautiful. They met at a conference and hit it off, right away. And then, within months, John was gone. His daughter with him. After all, why would Rosie need her Papa Sherlock anymore, when she had a new mother on the scene?
"Yeah... We're going with Perseus Odysseus Lestrade-Holmes. But we're going to call him Percy for short.", Greg replied.
“She takes after you then, doesn’t she?”, John replied, wrapping his good arm around Sherlock’s waist. Sherlock brought his hand up to John’s cheek, and brought their foreheads together, not once breaking eye contact with John. John was sure he was going to kiss him, but Sherlock seemed content with just being close to him, which would do John nicely.
Well, at least he might learn his lesson from this. Thank you for looking after him. I know he doesn’t make it easy. – MH
"No, John. I'm not back on the drugs.", Sherlock answered, ignoring John's comment about promising him he wouldn't smoke.
Will my Pa ever be back on twitter? I don’t know… He stopped using as much when he and Dad got together, but I don’t know.”
After a long day of meetings and preparations for the next day, the four men were heading back to the house, where they’d been informed that dinner was waiting for them. Molly and Rosie had also had a busy and productive day. First of all they went shopping, where they had little bit of an incident with Rosie deducing the woman at the till, which made the woman burst into tears. Molly had told her off, but felt mean doing so, knowing that her Papa would probably praise her for it and be glad that she had followed in his footsteps. After the shopping was back at the house, the girls went on an adventure. They watched a couple of street acts, which Rosie loved, and then went to see if they could find Arthur’s seat, which fascinated Rosie due to it being an inactive volcano. Rosie fell asleep in her pram on the walk back to the house, which was a relief to Molly. It meant she had some down time. As much as she loved the little girl, she was incredibly intelligent and stimulating her brain to keep her from being bored was a massive task. She was still so small and had so much ahead of her. Molly smiled as she watched the little girl snoring lightly, wrapped up in her blanket on the sofa. She looked so much like Mary when she was asleep and it was so hard for Molly to see her friend. Mary had sacrificed everything for John and Sherlock to be happy. Molly was having a hard time without Mary. She and Mrs Hudson were the only women in this little family unit and, even though she didn’t mind all of that testosterone around (having grown up around a lot of males), she missed Mary massively. Rosie woke up and contented herself with a pad of paper and some coloured pencils, trying to copy the shapes of the letters Molly had written down for her.
“That’s still an imprisonable offence.”, she said, pulling away slightly, to wipe her face with her trembling hands.
"Our little genius.", Sherlock added, placing a kiss to John's temple, for good measure. And, John found it wasn't exactly unwelcome.
She sat behind her desk, and Sherlock and John then proceeded to sit next to Rosie, on chairs that were much too small, even for John, but Sherlock didn’t say anything. He just sighed as he sat, feeling like he was hovering just off the floor.
Rosie was having a nap when they got in, so they all stayed quiet and filled their pathologist baby-sitter, Molly, in on what had occurred at the Browns. Molly listened intently and then made an excellent point to the boys, the Holmes’ being particularly grateful for a female input as they were very much lacking in that area.
“John… My John. No. She could never take me from you.” Sherlock replied, pulling John’s knees down, so that John was sat on the bench properly, and taking his hands in his, kissing each knuckle.
After their small revelation, John and Sherlock climbed into a taxi, with Rosie insisting that they sit directly next to each other so she could sit on both of them. Realising he'd forgotten about the case, in the beautifulness of the moment, Sherlock texted Lestrade.
John calmed as his daughter spewed the new information at the group, ignoring the smug stare he was receiving from Oliver. Sherlock, having finished his food, had moved the arm closest to John around the back of his chair, and his other hand now rested on his thigh, his whole body turned in towards John.
"You don't love Eric, though, Sherlock. I know he loves you but I love you. And you love me. Isn't that enough?", John asked, tears welling in his eyes.
“What colour? Yours have lots of colours. What are mine?”, Rosie asked, concentration pulling her face tight and her mouth in a line.
Hope you got home alright. Rosie and I are planning on a walk down the Mile, if you’re up for it? And bring Sherlock – Moll x
“Very. The pair approached a 14-year-old girl in Horsforth, at a bus stop. They touched her inappropriately and tried to take her clothes off but ran off when a woman passed and realised what was happening. The woman took the girl home, who was obviously shaken, and they contacted the police from there. By that time, the boys were back on the road.”, Lestrade explained.
"I'm not having this conversation with you, John. Not now. Not when I am finally moving on. I'm happy with Eric. He puts up with me when I'm in a terrible mood and he loves me. That's all I could ever ask."
“I don’t sleep as much as you, anyway. Plus, you have been on the go for 20 hours. And you have another 6 to go before you even leave the surgery.”, Sherlock commented, as he set about making coffee.
Joh wandered to the back corner of the lab, which was around the corner from where Molly was working. Sherlock didn’t acknowledge his presence. He simply carried on with whatever it was that he was doing.
“I swear to God, Oliver… If you come anywhere near Rosie again, then I won’t hesitate to end you. She has already lost her mother. She is an innocent child. Let her go.”, Molly demanded.
“Yes, we. You’re not staying in this house with that man for any longer than is physically necessary. We’re going to check out some street acts, I think.”, John told him, smiling a little, getting up from the bed.
“You don’t understand how long I have wanted to bring you in here with me.”, Sherlock murmured, pulling away slightly so he could look at John.
“Not really.”, Sherlock replied, smirking a little before placing his hands under his chin and going into his mind palace. Rolling his eyes, John moved Sherlock’s feet so he was more comfortable and then continued to browse on his laptop.
"Daddy! Daddy! You've got to come quickly. Lockie has been hurt.", she yelled, causing the patients in the waiting area to look at the child with concern, and for John to pop his head out of his office door.
"I didn't tell you for you, John. I did it because I have a bet with my dear Gregory that you will get together by Christmas, which is only 5 months away.", Mycroft smirked, before leaving the kitchen and joining the other two in the living room again.
It didn't stop the mothers down below from wrapping their children slightly closer to their chests, or Raz from kneeling if possible lower towards the ground. His voice carried on bravely, and the villagers watched in rapt attention even as the eligible brides filed their way to centre stage. John felt Mary lean forward and peck his cheek softly before finally she too swept up her skirts to climb back down the stone overhanging, leaping effortlessly to the ground before gracefully heading towards front stage. Her words, whispered in the shell of John's ear alleviated some of his irrational worry.
Which may or may not have been true. If he could, then John could go on his merry way without a shred of guilt. The bastard deserved far more than a cold dunking... However, if he
Cerioth grit his teeth as beside him someone stumbled in the dark, pulling his chain with a sharp jerk to the right by consequence. He managed to stay upright, if only out of tightly controlled fear. The hissed breath through his teeth was like the release of chemicals from an aerosol can, the only noise beside a quiet moan of pain. Someone was pleading, begging for the shadow beside him to get up.
Greg seemed to be intent on refusing to let his point go. He set down the dirty mug he was washing, soapy water clinging to his knuckles as he tapped his fingers against the counter, bracing his arms. He pointed to the tip jar on the counter.
With each passing day in which Sherlock did not find him, John's belief in his own memories became fainter and fainter. By the time the summer ended and John was loaded into his family's car, the little boy's eyes no longer held the hopeful shine of childhood. He clutched his velveteen hedgehog, but didn't cuddle it to his chin. His lips were a fine line of inexplicable mourning. Sadness over a boy that didn't exist.
John was so busy staring dumbstruck at the glittering droplets of water Sherlock left behind that he failed to notice that the Selkie had kept the rock he’d originally used to explain words to him with. The creature dived into the waters to find a notch or grotto in which he could temporarily store his newfound greatest treasure.
He wasn’t sure if he was meant to be eating through them with the speed that he was, but it kept his host happy and more importantly, John.
It was obvious by the slightly sour tone of voice that Daniel had not intended for this “Claude” character to come out. Sherlock remained expressionless, but inside he mentally stored that piece of information away in his mind. Like he was doing with the rest of the information the man was giving him. Though it was like pulling teeth.
The soldier didn't need to guess who Sherlock was talking about. The Dragon's eyes were fixated on the Northern Dragon in the centre of the ring. Irene's scales bore the cerulean blue of painted pottery. Sherlock's eyes were narrowed in thought. Still, John couldn't help but focus on the Dragons
It was nearly an entire week later that Wilkes came to check on the new soldier’s progress with flight, saw that John had yet to shock Sherlock into submission, and instructed Bill and Mike to hold the soldier down so he could “do it himself”.
Still, she knew to keep her distance, if only because Conrad told her not to trust people easily, and her Big Brother was always looking out for her. So when Sherlock leaned forward she leaned away automatically, the nail of her thumb snagged between her teeth and breaking as she bit into it. The man before her dropped his voice into a conspiratorial tone, eyes glittering with empathy.
The Dragon had been a gift from her brothers, and she had looked at the small, shivering and blind creature before her, and knew it to be an insult.
as you say then he probably wouldn't want me blabbing about him to someone who's probably an enemy.”
And Dragon and soldier both saw how something snapped in Bill's eyes like the leap of flame over cold logs, and how behind him Rin's eyes glowed with a challenging burn. Wilkes' head was turned towards Mike and Molly, but his body was still twisted in Bill's direction.
Despite the blossoming kiss of a bruise forming on his brow, John found himself grinning. Especially when his sister pointed with a huge smile somewhere behind him.
Of course, that had been months ago, and John found over time that though the memories did not lessen, they became perhaps easier to bear. He no longer thought about it if he leaned towards Sherlock for a kiss, rarely thought about it if the kissing turned into warmth, into groping and togetherness and
are, y’know?” As much as he liked Molly or even Sally, Molly occasionally forgot that he couldn’t just
Also, a stupendous writer named superwhofuck_withyoutubers  has written a spectacular story based off of this one! :3 here is the link:
Still, he didn't feel overly concerned by it, not when he blinked and the boy was suddenly standing over him, a pale shadow in the moonlight, and not when those beautiful blue eyes filled his vision and became the only thing that mattered. And beautiful they were, even to a child, who didn't really have much concept of the hungry once-over they gave him. Like twin sapphires, burning and claiming and yet at the same time peeling away every layer of rain and sand and grime that had coated John's skin. They were possessive, and crackled with something unnamed. The child's bow lips were parted, and from them came a lilting tune. This was what sent chills throughout John's spine, a tingling sensation that erupted from somewhere deep in his chest to rush over his limbs. For the song itself had no spoken lyrics, this much the boy could see. The creature before him did not speak, and yet his lips were parted and
As soon as the words were out John's body went rigid again, a scowl running over the childish voice as his legs curled up against his chest again, and the Scottish accent returned sternly like a Father telling off his child. He grit his teeth in the process.
The voice made John nearly jump out of his skin. He just barely avoided dropping the music box, whirling to find a figure standing at the foot of the bed. It was a woman, dressed in an elaborate teal robe. It shimmered down her body, making her body not well-defined in the dark. She blended into the shadows and at once stood out.
he hadn't (Sebastian had been brutal this week, and every time he thought about eating it sent waves of anxiety and unease through him) would only bring his friend distress. So, choosing instead a carefully crafted half-truth, Sherlock replied.
Sherlock explained, sipping his tea animatedly. He gestured with a lazy flick of one hand, brushing away the offended squawk that Lestrade made in response to being supposedly inept.
Mycroft barely had to glance at him to know, deep in the pit of his chest. His search had come to an end. It was Sherlock,
Lestrade looked just as tired as John felt, his normally cheerful expression pinched with unease. His breath made clouds in the chill air, and upon seeing Sherlock and John’s approach he came towards him, holding up his hands to halt their steps. His voice was strained with exhaustion, and the police lights reflected in his dark eyes, ghostly orbs of blue and red that only highlighted the desperation in his expression.
“You don’t want to know,” He murmured. “You don’t…It is. Difficult. To speak of.” Molly’s lip quivered, but her voice was firm as she replied.
So that was the twitchiness, then, the phantom ache in Sherlock’s shoulder. He resisted the urge to touch on the sensation too much, afraid to be sucked into John’s pain. He blinked, and again behind his eyelids he caught snippets of another place, another time. Falling, unable to fly. Cold
He can hear Daniel's cursing, and to his surprise his lips move with him and echo a similar response. Conrad bites the inside of his cheek to force himself to open his eyes, trying to look about and see some kind of solution, or at least a quiet place where he can hide out until John takes back over. He is not made for a City environment, and right now his flesh is crawling with the amount of pollution, smog and
During those four days, John had tried everything he could think of to apologise. Because God knows Sherlock wouldn't ever for the hurts he had lashed out upon the army doctor, and because really his insults hadn't cut. Not like John's had. Not like...
Sneak paused just at the door, eyes drawn to some invisible space on the floorboards in front of him. His words were so quiet, Sarah almost didn't catch them. Yet she somehow knew that even in a crowded room, she would have somehow heard.
Sherlock was a bloody fool for doing what he had just done, for coming close to admitting what he almost did. For an instant, just an instant, John had looked at him… really looked. For an instant, Sherlock had forgotten his place, his
“I speak of the events that lead to Victor Trevor’s death, and Sherlock’s subsequent deliberate attempt to overdose. The first time.” John felt a coldness run through his veins, heavy like lead. Yet Mycroft wasn’t finished, pressing forward. Adding as an afterthought
“We'll.....we'll have to share this space, though not at the same time.” John mistook the dark look that had flashed in Sherlock's eyes for jealousy of territory, and rushed to reassure him. It was strange, but he felt he was already getting better at reading the moody creature's emotional swings. It was like following a slightly off-kilter compass. John was growing determined to ensure that the metaphorical ship sailed safely into harbour without further storms.
“Sentiment is a chemical defect of the losing side.” John murmured quietly through lips that felt stiff. His mind was reeling. Much of Sherlock’s seemingly inexplicable behaviours, the shutting people out, the nasty habit of his of deducing potential companions to shreds, it was all beginning to come together. Yet the more John saw, the less he
For some reason, that deduction strengthened Sherlock's confidence, bolstered it. He stood from the chair he had been sitting in, using his height to push John, lightly lead him towards his bedroom. The army doctor followed agreeably, his breath coming more quickly as his hands traced the hem of Sherlock's shirt, fumbling with the buttons. With it came a brief flash of initial panic, the likes of which made Sherlock stutter in his assault of John's throat. Soon though he pressed through it, breathing into the mantra surrounding his head, the words John himself had told him again and again and yet never seemed too tired to repeat.
The pressure of each inhalation felt like it was crushing his ribs. Like steel bands, wrapping themselves around his heart.
John almost didn't notice that the spot in which he stood above from it all was being slowly infiltrated, a few strong farmhands climbing the wall of the building stealthily, heaving themselves up onto the roof behind John's back. The young man was only alerted the instant Mary screamed his name, and he spun only to have his arms wrenched behind him, the people he had grown up with unwilling to face the wrath of a terrible and mighty force of nature.
Sherlock’s relationship with Mycroft… well that was perhaps even bumpier. The elder Holmes had become powerful over the years, taking his “minor” position in the British government quite happily. He had admittedly forgotten what it was like to be challenged and defied at every turn, and Sherlock wasn’t merciful in even the slightest.
Worse, John found the clinical way in which his friend would mumble the betrayal of just about everyone he had ever known filling a boiling anger in his stomach, something acidic and burning that made his fists clench and at times his breath come short. Still, his friend appeared unaffected, stating each event with such casualty that there was no way to alleviate John's secret fears: That Sherlock wouldn't try to protect himself if someone came along intending to abuse him in this way again. The man didn't understand Sherlock's sometimes week-long sulks, didn't always comprehend why the detective would look lost and wounded when he glanced in the mirror. But he knew when his friend was in pain despite how good he was at hiding it, and remembering his past was definitely causing Sherlock discomfort. A part of John wished he would stop, that they could continue as flatmate and blogger. That he didn't want to know every detail.
to see you I guess.” He laughed, the sound awkward, and made to move away from Sherlock’s hip. The action was intolerable, and altogether mildly mortifying. “I’ll just, um. Go take care of things then come back for a cuddle, yeah? Let me just-”
to stop the horrible shrieking noises that it was making, or he was sure he wouldn't be able to get them to stop at home and he was tired enough that he didn't need another day of sleep deprivation. Holding his breath and his heart pounding like a jack-hammer inside of his chest, John closed his eyes tightly and reached inside the Crate.
Sneak made a faint tutting sound, blue eyes sparkling mischievously as he rocked back into the chair. John's silver-blonde hair glinted in the morning sunlight, and in a sharp contrast to Sherlock made him look as though he was made of spun gold. His smile was sharp and friendly, but laced with something just on the other side of mocking.
His hands curled and uncurled into loose fists at his sides as he watched the stranger before him with guarded eyes. At a glance, this man was Human, and rather polished compared to the soldiers and civilians Sherlock had grown accustomed to. He wore a dark grey suit, three-piece perfection that made his already considerable height appear lengthened. A nose that appeared tailor-made for looking down on those deemed unworthy took up most of the man’s face, and pale eyes contrasted against dark auburn hair, beginning to thin from stress.
That… that was a bit not good to Sherlock. The sight in fact made him feel rather ill, and he swiftly found himself kneeling, scooping John’s compact form up as if he weighed little to nothing. The man went willingly enough, still muttering even as his fingers twisted into the front of Sherlock’s silken blue robe tightly. Sherlock sat himself on the bed, gently brushing a hand over John’s injuries as if unable to quite believe that they had occurred. Humans bled a lot, he had forgotten what it looked like. Bright red and vivid, it painted John’s tanned skin and tasted like iron under the Water-Spirit’s tongue as he surreptitiously licked at his fingers, curious. The flavour wasn’t unpleasant, but the entire situation was absolutely abhorrent.
Grimly, John wondered to himself just how long it would take before Sherlock would pull away. Reject him, pry too far into his past and find something he couldn't fix. Because so many therapists had tried, so many families and doctor's and mental specialists had attempted to fix John Watson. And yet here he was, trusting an alleged “amateur” detective to help him. John knew it was mad. Knew it probably wouldn't work.
They fell asleep like that, neither one of them bothering to move to the opposite bunk. In the mid of night, Bill Murray returned to his tent silhouetted by afghan stars, and found them. He found himself smiling, faintly. Then his mouth became a line of tension, and the man turned towards his own bunk in silence.
Here we go, next chapter! :3 Hope you enjoy! Thank you all for the lovely comments and kudos as always, the boys are now reunited finally :D
It was at that moment that a light knocking came from the front door. The Dragon froze, teeth halfway back to his wrist as he gaped with wide, terrified eyes at the black-painted front door. A chirping, elderly voice drifted to his ears. He did not recognize it.
"It's a good job I chose your dino bowl this morning" laughed John, placing warmed mushy Weetabix laden with sugar in front of the dino-detective. "Do you want to feed yourself this morning, or should Daddy do it?"
"Mmmm!!!" grinned Sherlock, licking his lips and patting his tummy in appreciation of the sweet drink.
"That's the end of the album. There isn't another one," lied John smoothly. "Why don't you do some deducing for Daddy? Show him what a very clever boy you are, hmm?" Predictably Sherlock swelled under the praise, and immediately forgot all about wanting to do loud singing. "Who do you think is in that van in front of us?"
Sherlock was pale and exhausted after his tantrum, and in other circumstances his caregiver would have insisted on a nap or at least a quiet rest, but as a guest was present John fixed on distraction to help his Little One recover his equanimity.
Humiliation narrowly averted, John began gathering tea things while the Little held forth on the subject of his latest collection to his appreciative and impressively patient audience of one. He could hear a typical Sherlockian mixture of scientific exposition and childish prattle floating through to the kitchen area:
Sherlock gazed wide-eyed at his horde of bath-time treasures while John went to lay out play clothes for the day. When he returned to the bathroom a squirty whale, a plastic dinosaur and a waterproof baby book were carefully lined up in a row on the floor, the other toys discarded in a messy pile to Sherlock's right.
"Well, someone was a hungry boy. Do you think you could take another one?" Sherlock nodded twice slowly, but otherwise remained motionless.
"Well dears, I'd better let the two of you start settling down for the night. Thank you for such a lovely evening. Sleep well, Sherlock dear."
"I think someone is tired and hungry, hmm? But you didn't do what Daddy said." Sherlock's head sagged further into John's shoulder. "I know you're tired and upset, but I think you need to sit in the corner just for a bit while I get your bottle ready, hmm?" The head shakes, and after a moment, John feels dampness seep into his upper sleeve as tears drip from his boy's eyes.
"Long day," observed John mildly. The two sat in silence, revelling in the closeness, physical and emotional. After ten minutes or so John spoke up:
"In there" nodded John, and having deposited Sherlock gently on the bed, the driver departed without uttering a word or betraying any opinion through his features. John managed to divest the boy of his trousers and jumper and wrap him in a nappy without waking him. Covering him with a soft pale blue blanket, John crept out of the room, leaving the slumberer to recover from a long morning's play in the fresh air.
The Detective was too tall for the short Doctor to carry comfortably up the stairs to their Baker Street flat, but Mycroft had wisely sent a driver who was roughly the size of a double-decker bus, and this man silently scooped up the sleeping Little as if he were no larger or heavier than the toddler he mentally became in littlespace.
"Sherlock? There's going to be a bit of a change of plan. You're going to have to wear pants under your trousers. If you need a wee, you have to tell Daddy and he'll help you to go like a big boy. Can you be very grown-up and help Daddy by telling him when you need to go?"
After about half an hour, the car turned in to a residential street, and stopped outside a metal gate of a central enclosed garden. The car's driver wound down his window and silently handed John the key to what could be their own private park for the morning.
Once Sherlock had been settled down and strapped in, John fiddled with the entertainment system, skipping albums and tracks until he found a compilation of children's songs sung in an annoyingly bright fashion. It would probably drive him mad in about 15 minutes, but a restless Little on a car journey could manage to drive him mad in less than 10 minutes. Sherlock began to hum along, joining in the bits he could remember properly with gusto:
"Wee wee wee all the way home", and John tickled the boy under the armpits as he wiggled and giggled with glee. John realised his mistake in winding up the Little as Sherlock began to splash his arms and legs in the water, drenching his Daddy in a tsunami of bathsuds. Knowing he wasn't misbehaving on purpose, John decided to calm him down with a story rather than telling him off.
"Give me the book then, and we can let Norman find out what happens at the end," said John, and read the short story in as soothing a voice as he could muster, discussing the pictures with his audience of three. When he had been calmed and quieted, John smoothed leave-in conditioner over Sherlock's wet curls and cleaned his face with a flannel and gentle soap.
At exactly the right moment a subtly ostentatious black car drew up. John locked the gate behind him, letting go of Sherlock's hand for a moment to do so.
"Would you like to press the doorbell Sherlock? Oh, there's no bell, just a large brass doorknocker. Give it a good tap, then."
"Good boy for telling Daddy in time Sherlock," John praised once the crisis had passed. The dressing gown had already needed a wash from breakfast, and nothing seemed to have made it through to the chair, thank goodness.
In the bedroom John had laid out two Little outfits: letting Sherlock 'choose' his clothes avoided many tantrums, and often provided his Daddy with a clue as to how old or young he was feeling. Today he seemed to be fairly young, so the outfit on the left was a short sleeved cream outsize Babygro spangled with red and navy stars. Sherlock pointed to the right.
"Daddy's sorry, Daddy's sorry," urged the Doctor, pulling the hysterical infant in for a soothing cuddle. "Everything's ok now, I've got you, everything's ok."
"Right. Stand up. Well, yeah, get up then." The tall Little half stood / half crouched while John cleaned him up with a wipe.
When John returned with arms filled with blankets, cushions and cuddly toys, Sherlock rushed over to him eagerly.
Sherlock did as he was told and John lathered up his curls, soothing his scalp with a small massage. He felt the child relax under his hands.
The meal mostly continued in a happy silence, broken only by the Caregiver reminding his Little that it was politer to eat with one's mouth closed, or that kicking chair legs would damage them, and by encouragements to eat more of the good food by the farmer. But eventually the guests could eat and drink no more, and it was time to move on to the main event.
"No!" screamed Sherlock, fighting to pull up his clothes with one hand while clutching at himself with the other. Suddenly and unexpectedly Sherlock stilled, and looking slyly at John said "Daddy go too".
Suddenly, Sherlock couldn't fasten his Velcro shoes and get out of the door too quickly! In fact, in his excitement he got his shoes on the wrong feet and his Daddy had to take them off and put them back on the right way round for him.
"Ribbit, ribbit," croaked Sherlock, leaping along the floor, waiting for John to open the doors ahead.
"Good night, you little nutter" said John fondly, and left the room knowing Sherlock would sleep until morning.
The car came to a stop in a farmyard with barns and a large comfortable-looking house of red brick and blue window frames. John undid both men's seatbelts, got himself and his Little out of the car, and guided Sherlock up to the blue-painted front door of the farmhouse.
"Higher, Daddy, higher!" yelled the Little one, even as John pushed him almost to horizontal. Sherlock could have played on the swings all day, but after quarter of an hour the older man's joints were beginning to protest against the big child's weight.
"Put your hands in the air like you just don't care" he teased, putting a green t-shirt over Sherlock's head, laughing "Hello!" as a curly head popped through. Sherlock giggled at the old joke.
"Lean back a bit... That's it... There we go, now hold it close to the fire to do the other side. Good boy."
"Here I am! Silly Daddy. I was here all the time," cried Sherlock, rising from the leaves like a resident of Cookham Churchyard on resurrection day.
Sherlock felt something cold twitch in his stomach as he looked at the clothes John wore. They fit him, but they were not the clothes he had left in. In fact, they looked to be brand new. Not a scrap of dirt or dust was on them, and the detective experienced the rather jarring experience of being unable to deduce where his flatmate had been. Combined with how Claude stopped a foot away from him, hands placed carefully behind her back as if expecting punishment, the detective felt something unpleasant and wrathful rear its head in his chest.
He knows because of the way his Handlers look at him, with a mix of cruel amusement and gloating revenge for the many years of enslavement in which he's fought them every step of the way. His wing ached today, in that place where he couldn't quite reach, and he was irritable and moody. It was probably raining outside. He wondered what it tasted like, if it was clear and cool like some part of him seemed to believe it was. Throat suddenly dry, he licked his lips and knelt at the puddle dripping into his Kennel. The water is flecked with rust from the pipes and tastes sour and metallic, but he doesn't much care. It relieves the ache in his mouth and tongue. His tongue darting across his lips as he finished to wipe away any excess water, he let his green-blue eyes flick lightly over the darkness of his Cell.
However, this meant that Sherlock was essentially grounded to the flat, since he could not say for certain whether not participating in an investigation would cause John's other personalities to come into play. In short, Sherlock was slowly becoming more than slightly stir-crazy from pacing the same four corners of the flat. Worse, he wasn't inclined to let John know of the pre-emptive measures he had taken.
“Last night… two children went missing. Cara and Thomas White. The Whites have lived here for years, since Sydney married Marcus and settled down here. Their children apparently went exploring like they usually did and…
Arthur’s fingers ran through his child’s dark curls, and if Sherlock leaned a bit more closely to his Father’s side, well no one was around to see the moment of weakness.
The child released her bite only to snarl something in the strange, rumbling language she and Sherlock sometimes shared, her hands curling about John possessively in an action that might have been sweet, if the good doctor wasn't swimming in pain. Sherlock rolled his eyes at whatever she said, trying to reason with a stroppy infant as best as he could. From Elena's slitted expression, he might very well have been failing.
John woke without having really realised he had dozed off, a crick aching in his neck from falling asleep propped against his headboard. The book he had been reading lay discarded in his lap, the tome on mythical creatures staring up at him innocently and yet accusing John of giving in to his impulse to learn all he could about Sherlock’s unseen world. He blinked at it somewhat grumpily, groaning as he forced himself to rise. Everything hurt – it felt like he had been running a marathon lately.
Not when Sherlock seemed so fragile and small, not unlike a monster but more like a very young child, alone and afraid.
“It’s been awhile.” He murmured, shaking her hand in thanks. The Gem blinked in assent, her own voice answering not unkindly.
He also knew without a doubt that he’d be getting a clue any day now. It was simply Moriarty’s way, the puzzles and the riddles all having one aim, one goal: to attract Sherlock’s attention.
Only when the tub was completely empty of grime did John turn back on the cold water, the thundering of the water hitting porcelain making the Dragon jump and cringe violently in response. The soldier found himself awkwardly shuffling around one massive wing that was tinged nervous green, ducking from its flare as Sherlock instinctively tried to protect himself from the loud noise by flaring his wings outwards like a shield. The Dragon turned when John made a sound of distress, nearly getting clipped in the head by the scaly appendage. Sherlock was almost tempted to knock the man out, but when he caught a glimpse of John's face the thought died. The young man was grinning, staring at his leathery wing with a shadow of the awe that the creature had seen back in the Kennels. Sherlock found somewhat distressingly as he reached for another piece of bacon that if he wasn't careful, he just might get used to such an expression being gifted to him on a regular basis.
“It's punishment.” And he said it so calmly, something hot twisted in John's stomach like a spear. He frowned, voice trembling slightly as he confirmed his fears.
“No, I’m just… I’m whinging. I guess. Ignore me, yeah? It’s just… I bloody wish I could go somewhere.”
Victor had grown up with sweltering heat at times, climbing humidity. When he had been a child, it had saved his lungs. However back in the UK in the middle of Winter, it did little to give him tolerance against the cold. When he first approached Sherlock with the question that would end their chance acquaintance, he had been wrapped up to his ears in a bright blue scarf. His hands had been covered by woollen mittens. A hat, crammed over his dark brown waves, matched the dark black colour of his coat. Under it, Sherlock could just make out his scowl of distaste as he watched him snub out the end of his cigarette, scrubbing it against the side of the school so that the smoke wouldn't irritate his friend's breathing. Sherlock liked to think himself a considerate smoker.
“I have no Master.”  John replied with stiff defiance, jaw tightening minutely at Molly’s implication. He could sense her biting her own lip, and the could picture her pale hand tightening in her peach-coloured skirts. Her clothes were so odd, from faraway lands that John couldn’t ever have seen. Made of tightened laces and form-fitting bodices.  He wondered where she called home, if she could even remember any longer. Time moved differently in the God’s realms, Molly’s homeland might very well have died centuries ago.
“I’m not a Gem.” John denied, even as his heart thrummed in his chest a steady drumbeat, his shoulder twingeing in syncopated sympathy. Though he couldn’t see Sherlock, he could feel their gaze, weighing on them even through the wall. The detective’s voice was quiet, a rumble of contemplation, musing and soft.
you.” There was no mistaking the enraged, jealous tone in the Dragon’s voice, and John didn’t have a chance to explain before he found the backs of his knees hitting Sherlock’s cot, his balance over-toppling. It was instinctive that the soldier reached out, but unfortunate that the nearest thing to John happened to be one very angry Dragon.
Rania had grown up in a war, but she had never experienced a war such as what had ensued. The Dragons had been slaughtered, rendered useless with their own royal family, their tether to one another, so completely cut. Within two years, she found herself with her own Dragon slave, her family richer than it had ever had the right to be.
“Sherlock,” he murmured in kind, head tilting in question. There was less fear, now. Somehow, he had seen vulnerability during the Selkie’s illness. Though he didn’t quite see Sherlock as human (and really perhaps never would) he could acknowledge the fact that the Selkie wasn’t a monster from a fairy tale. Rather, both brothers seemed intelligent, and what’s more capable of compassion. That in the end, was what kept John still, kept him from running. Sherlock wasn’t looking at him like food, no. He was looking like he was in pain, suffering from some unseen pull that John just simply couldn’t see.
Except John thought he saw something black and festering on the other wing, marring the transition and making a jagged cut along the creature's spine. He frowned, recognizing signs of infection but not daring to touch the sluggishly bleeding wound lest it hurt and the Dragon attack him. Like black tar dripping down the beast's shoulders, it was an ugly, festering thing. His Doctor's instincts couldn't help it. He wanted a better look at it, but he forced himself to hold still for the sake of the safety of his limbs.
She hardly noticed, her mind and hands made busy by far more pressingly urgent matters. Her fingers were slick with blood as she held John down onto the desert sand, pushing scraps of fabric against his shoulder. Her hands were stained red, the cloth was stained too. The desert ground around them was a halo of rust, and John’s eyes fluttered with delirium and pain. He let out an inarticulate howl of agony as Hajera jostled his body, forced into doing so because he wouldn’t stop trying to curl in on himself.
“Why is that so hard to believe that I’m trying to do something for your own good?! Am I really so dull to you that you think I don’t feel things when others order you? I don’t want to hurt you but I am obligated to do so and I don’t know what to do any more! You don’t even actually talk to me!”
It took the detective exactly three seconds before he reached for his phone and dialled Mycroft. In that three seconds, Sherlock wondered to himself just how much trouble one personality could cause in only a few hours. His heart thudding lowly in his ears, the detective promptly forgot Sebastian. Forgot the case.
the doctor came to him looking very nervous and murmured “Mr. Watson... were you... aware that your partner Mr. Holmes is transsexual?”
sorry I'm only updating my oneshot type things guys ^.^'' school doesn't really allow me to do much else. once summer comes updates shall increase.
The detective blinked, surprised as he felt a burning feeling at the back of his throat. His voice was a whisper.
Instantly he saw the Gem shudder, her form trembling apart. Molly and Sherlock broke apart with violent momentum, the detective thrown to the ground and Molly stumbling backwards. An instant later, Sherlock was back on his feet, only to almost stumble once more as Molly uncharacteristically lunged for him, slapping him sharply across the cheek. Her face burned indignantly, and her eyes were uncharacteristically bright.
His sister looked to him as a village might look towards a benevolent god, at first. Shyla followed Mycroft like a duckling following its mother, constantly asking questions, wanting to play and explore until the older boy was driven to near distraction by her. He’d often pretend to scowl and huff at the girl’s attention, but secretly it delighted him.
Settling down in the old rocker that his own mother had used when John was a baby to lull him to sleep, the army doctor sat with his hands clasped between his knees. In the distance, thunder rumbled. Somewhere downstairs, the message machine of the phone bleeped. Mike's voice, concerned but still jovial, drifted in muffled tones up the stairs. Asking if he was all right, if he had left early because he hadn't been feeling well.
keep the man from taking a step closer out the door. His voice did not crack, but it did rise slowly as the detective's face twisted into a determined scowl even as he growled out objection.
With this thought came a heavy-handed crack of thunder, and for the first time in months, the people in Recheinbach looked to the sky and shivered in as much hopeful anticipation as unease.
Shopping was always something John had done, even a a child in Foster Care. Since he was often the oldest one in the families that he was assigned to live with, the guardian of the house would usually look to him to go and buy supplies. Often there were at least five other children, and the adult couldn't leave the rest of the younger kids to themselves or risk having their house destroyed. Orphans tended to make bad house-mates as too often they were angry, depressed, violent or dishonest or some mix of the four. John never really got to befriend any of the other kids, he was moved about so much that he didn't often stay long enough to form any lasting bonds. Plus, many times the kids were more than just a little afraid or confused by him. They'd ask him why he 'used a different name sometimes' or 'why he got so angry'. Too often John didn't remember what had happened, and he had found himself apologizing for things his body had done but his mind had checked-out on.
“Please, sir. It might prove to be beneficial to listen to my Mistress; her reasons may prove to be less sadistic than they appear to be at first glance.”
I was before I considered this. My past...I can’t let my past dictate my life any longer. I… I love following you, hell I
a pony, and although Cara wasn't sure how or when it had appeared, the little girl was certain that it was the most beautiful animal that she had ever laid eyes on. It stood just on the brush of the ocean's edge, sable coat glinting with sea water, long dark mane soaked with brine and blowing in the wind. Its large, sweet-looking eyes were framed by lashes long and thick, and its nose was dabbed with just a hint of cream. The little girl thought it looked
“Be careful. He's a Northern, and their jaw strength is strong enough to break a grown man's femur. Your arm won't make it if he decides to attack.”
John tried his best to stifle a small smirk as Sherlock's growls faded away to a slightly confused snort. Appealing to the creature's ego was always a good way to go, and John's new friend seemed to know this as he continued to stroke the Dragon's pride.
And he privately feels that soon, soon will come the time that he will fade. He is searching for a final resting place, not a permanent residence. A gravestone, not a gift.
Sherlock scowled slightly, and his hands twitched as he fiddled absently with the cuff of his shirt. The crook of his arm tingled slightly in memory, and he had to bite the inside of his cheek in order to not recall how it felt to be gloriously strung out beyond any semblance of caring for this world. That was an unfair protest, he thought. Still, he could appreciate the loophole for its deceptive cleverness.
“Getting rid of the chain might help… when you’re at least somewhat sure he won’t try to run away.” Molly quipped back nervously, a small grin turning up her features.
“You’re sending him to his execution.” Mycroft’s smile was unkind as he laughed, tossing his head back. He emptied his teacup before setting it down, looking at Sherlock with chastisement. “He will abandon you before the next moon at this rate, if you just plan on throwing him to the wolves. That, baby brother, is the sad part. That you do not even
John backpedaled quickly, alarm singing in his bones as the Dragon's skin flushed fire-orange about his sternum, as if lit from within. He chanced a small, self-deprecating smile as he made sure to make his body language as small and mild as possible, keeping his hands at his side and loosely clenched. He knew a few tricks by now, having lived with Sherlock. All Dragon's seemed to like having their egos stroked, and he hoped that if he could keep the Dragon suitably distracted, Soo Lin could get the gentle tranquilizer she was holding behind her back into the patient's arm without difficulty.
The detective only managed to drag John away, but he could not control John’s voice as it shouted. It was filled with an anger that made the man’s frame tremble, and it was rough and snarling like a dog’s.
His eyes flutter closed for a moment, and Mycroft notices how his entire body shudders, gripping his leg and grimacing in pain. Daniel sits himself down on the chair he previously had doggedly ignored, feeling the last of his resolve fade away.
The elder Holmes, shifting in the slightest way, a motion of discomfort, sighed. One hand finally came free from its resting upon his umbrella, only to pinch at the bridge of his nose. The action looked pained.
He held his friend like that for a long while, rocking slightly as he tucked the top of John's head underneath his chin, lost in his own thoughts. Some part of him knew he should call someone. His brother. A professional that could better deal with this.
“You've got a psychosomatic limp, of course you've got a therapist. Then there's your phone. It's expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player. You're looking for a flat-share. You wouldn't waste money on this - it's a gift, then. Scratches. Not one, many over time. It's been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting next to me wouldn't treat your one luxury item like this. So it's had a previous owner. However there's no engravings or discerning decorations on it so it's a little bit harder to guess where you got it from. I would normally say a relative, but there is not indication of it coming from someone particularly close. So maybe an aunt? She must love you if she's willing to pay for something so expensive-”
John was always a good writer, beacuse writing was a one way thing. Almost like a narcissistic one way therapy, all the issues one faces, one writes but he was never good at expressing how he felt in real life. Its why therapy never worked for him. But somehow, Sherlock through his deduction or the rapport they had built, seemed to know what John was thinking all the time. And so, when John imagined kissing him, Sherlock did. When he imagined punching him, Sherlock let him. And when he felt what they had done was wrong. Sherlock stopped everything. The nights in each others' arms, the frequent cases, the visits, the kiss.
John never expected anything from everyone except himself. He expected his walls to stay up. He expected not to fall in love. He expected being safe. He expected not feeling betrayal. But he had disappointed himself. Why? Was it worth it, really?
So, John stayed quiet. They didn't talk or touch each other. It was comfortable, companionable, it was..nice. John woke up to Sherlock sleeping on his side with his arms around John.
It's just, if John did let his walls down. Why did Sherlock have to break everything he had hidden inside?
Still though, even after all this, how do you explain it? Maybe he feels the same way or you're making it all up in your head out of hope. Maybe it'll work out. Maybe you can talk to your wife. She'll understand. Maybe you can talk to your kid. She'll understand. Maybe you can tell the world. Who cares what they think anyway? All that's fine but how do you explain it to the man you feel it all for? How do explain it to yourself when you know no words will do what you feel justice? How do you tell someone you think you've fallen for them? Fallen for them so hard that you're scared?
Sherlock stood still as John wrapped his arms around him and eventually, after looking into his eyes which asked if he wanted to do this, he embraced him.
A man in a horrible ironed suit approached them. Sherlock, to test himself, began to observe and spew out a few deductions,
John sighed. From now on, no more imagining Sherlock. No more thinking of him and saying his name at inappropriate times. From now on, it was John and Mary.
He stared at Sherlock who finally sat still on a wheelchair that didn't belong beneath him. He stared in impenetrable silence that, for the first time, was uncomfortable. Being together with Sherlock, even if in just silence, was never, never this uncomfortable (which was saying a lot, considering his phone had moaned quite a few times at inopportune moments) Finally, John broke the silence and said,
Sometimes, John wondered what his life would have been like if he had never gone to Afghanistan. Sometimes, he wondered what it would be like if he ran away from home as a kid. And other times, what it would be like if Sherlock hadn't jumped. Now, it seemed as though the adrenaline junky, danger addict, former bachelor John Watson's life was comprised of a bunch of what ifs.
“I, Sherlock of the Water, am the Spirit that has claimed you. As Marked by the Stone's Kiss, I should have you as my own.”
John’s jaw clenched and he prepared himself for backlash. “You’re just going to have to trust me. And if you try, I’ll burn your coat. You’ll be stuck here, on land forever.”
Mycroft studied the handle of his umbrella, and John saw a glimmer of shark-like derision in the Gem’s expression. Smoothly, he replied.
it? Inspector-” The man broke off, panting seemingly with the effort of his words. Greg couldn’t have spoken, even if he had wanted to. There was a sudden tightness in his chest, a feeling of shame that he couldn’t even hope to quantify. Sherlock’s voice trembled minutely, breaking before falling again to silence. “-if you’re asking me if it’s worth it to survive, then you’re even more of an idiot than I would have thought. No wonder you didn’t even notice the opiates missing from the evidence hauls.” His eyes were hollow, and he curled further into himself as if to hide from the world.
Shyla sat both mummy and Mycroft down during his winter hols when she was sixteen, a few weeks after their father had come and visited. She had breathed sharply through her nose, and flatly spoke while meeting neither of their eyes, and Mycroft to this day could still remember how her hands had tapped on her leg with suppressed nerves.
The army doctor found himself pinned down against the sand, a warm and pale body pressed flush against him as Sherlock (for it really was Sherlock, wasn't it? Not just a dream…) firmly shoved the army doctor's hands above his head, holding him down so that the man's vain struggles were soon useless and somewhat pathetic. In another lifetime, John may have been able to flip Sherlock over, wrap his hands around the creature's throat, but his own breath found itself caught in his chest, his pleas and protests dying as he found his eyes locked onto the irises he had dreamt of for so long as a child.
John helped the Dragon to his feet before standing as well to go hunting for the bag of clothes. He brought the plastic bag over to the
Though it might have been because he was still sleepy and confused as to where his Mother was taking them that it had seemed like such a dramatic change at the time. Like a dark ocean turning into the palest light of dawn.
Because there, trembling as much as his wrist was, the sleeve of the worn Human before him was pushed up, revealing the shimmering silver
now among you. I watched...” And his voice trailed off, cracked to John's dull horror and pain “I watched... children tease other children, their own
roll his eyes, and a stream of fog hissed out from between his clenched teeth in impatience. Though he was stark naked and dripping and
“I don’t know what deal you’re speaking of, Blue. If I did, I could maybe help you, though… What deal did you break?”
Honestly, together for almost a year now and the detective still did things that made John question the man’s intelligence despite his apparent “genius”. Then again, John did suppose he wouldn’t have had it any other way.
However curiosity however morbid ate away at John as he found himself creeping slowly forward, a certain amount of wonder from the latent dregs of childhood wanting to see something as powerful and dangerous as the legends supplied. He noticed immediately that the Cages here were different than the others. For one, they were bolted to the wall, and were bigger. For another, there were heavy-duty locks as well as chains almost as thick as his arms winding around every available surface it seemed. John as he silently followed the two men could barely see into some of the cages, catching only glittering eyes in unnatural colours and the low rumbling snarl of Monsters barely contained. He could feel their gazes upon him in the prickling of the back of his neck, and John found his heart began to beat a little faster in response, and his mouth became dry. He got the distinct impression he now knew how a bird felt under the eyes of a hungry cat. It didn't matter if these creatures were Collared and Caged, he could
“Thermokinesis. A common Fire-type specialty.” Still, the control required to warm one’s body without accidentally boiling the organs or blood was skillful,
“The best advice I can give you boys?” Murray said, and rolled the sphere between his fingers methodically. To John's surprise the next instant the soldier bounced the ball on the floor of the truck, catching it in one hand with a wide and roguish grin. His voice however held weight behind it, the kind that John latched onto, and couldn't help but trust. He found he liked Bill Murray.
“I don't think anything else's gonna happen today.” John mumbled finally, yawning into his hand. His head was throbbing, a dull and insistent ache against the base of his spine. If he wasn't so tired he might
That's enough now. Mum, I don't want you encouraging his stubborn streak. He'll climb a mountain before he admits he needs help.”
it when someone points out any of his flaws. He likes to pretend he's some kind of machine most days, and when someone upsets the equilibrium... he has a tendency to panic. Likely he's not angry at you any more, just... embarrassed.”
However even the strongest scent of tea-tree oil or stress couldn't mask the warm smell of chocolate biscuits set to bake as John looked about anxiously for Mrs. Hudson, trying to catch a glimpse of the old woman in hopes that she hadn't been eaten. Fortunately, he caught the last dying note of her chirpy voice singing a melody, his shoulders relaxing as he noted with some surprise that the door to his flat was open. Listening for any sign of danger (namely, one severely pissed off Dragon) John cautiously approached closer.
about his well-being.” The elder Holmes said the word care with the same uncomfortable expression that someone might wear if a dog decided to pee on their shoes, reluctant and decidedly ill at ease. John was quick to pick up where the man’s hesitations lay, and his voice dropped a note in suppressed anger as he calmly asked
“I could torture the answer to the clues out of you. Lock you up, perhaps even send you back to the labs from which you came from. How do you think the sanity of your other personalities may fare, once they were faced with their old nightmares once again?”
“Not… no. Not distressed so much as…” He trailed off, trying to find the words. His brows furrowed in determination. “I’m. Regretful.” John finally sighed, eyes closing. “So much of my childhood was filled with blank spots, and a part of me wishes it would stay that way. My memories… I never got to experience, what it was like to just be a kid. It was taken from me… and with my memories returning, I can’t pretend it wasn’t any more.”
If he pretended to sleep, then maybe, just maybe, it would be believed, and the Water-Spirit wouldn’t come closer, wouldn’t turn John around and press him into the covers, wouldn’t hold him down so that he could part his robes and
Dodge refused to be cowed. Instead, she physically pushed Cerioth into the back of the car, until he was lying on the seats in a curved ball. She then took over the driver's seat, inserting the keys with a precise twist. The rumbling of the engine was just loud enough that she could pretend she couldn't hear the near-silent sobs quaking the Dragon behind her. Her answer was small but firm.
fine. He ponders to himself vaguely if he should apologize, but before he can even make that effort John says, quieter this time
“See that you don’t.” She stated, happily chewing away. Between the jut of her collarbones, nearly hidden by the collar of the thick bomber jacket she wore, her Gem glowed clear white.
Seeing Sherlock’s face as they parted, flushed darkly pink and eyes dark with desire and love, certainly didn’t seem to mind.
It was a fact that both of them were aware of, a thorn wedged between them that throbbed in time with each new soldier who finally succumbed, pressing their clicker
Or we did in the past, before the Heartsong.” Mycroft didn’t respond right away. For his people, the situation was different. They were not near any large cities or populations, the mountain air too thin for Humans to breathe for long amounts of time. That wasn’t even mentioning the cold or the snow. The mountain was large, and their Hatchlings were few and far in between. He and Sherlock had been a blessing, two children in the span of only nine years. Other tribes had to live alongside Humans, struggling to keep to themselves.
And then he takes a breath of air, every muscle in him loosening, and Sherlock sees John's rapidly becoming familiar smile slowly curl on his features.
There was a song they sang in the air, and as if sensing he didn’t recognise it, John spoke in breathless wonder and surprise.
The first step in the plan was to get that line of tension to leave the man’s features, also his general expression of exhaustion. The Selkie remembered his childhood friend as a bright-eyed boy without much care in the world, eager to see and explore. This John was tired, beaten down by the world, and Sherlock itched to take the tension away from John’s shoulders, see that carefree expression directed towards him once more. He longed for it like a drug. Sherlock had to get John to believe in magic again, and the man’s fingers trailed along the silken edges of the strange, gifted robe and nodded his head to himself in affirmation.
The wind howled with this statement, moaning and clattering against the windows, and John resisted the urge to flinch when Mycroft’s pale eyes flicked over his form as if he were something worth killing just for sport, not even for eating. He spoke to Sherlock without turning away from John, a series of clicks and rumbles that sounded argumentative and commanding. Translating or insulting, John wasn’t quite sure. Sherlock gave nothing away in his expression as he appeared to mull over whatever it was that his brother had told him, glass eyes narrowed and calculating. He made an inquisitive clucking sound, and though John couldn’t comprehend its resonance, it was clear that whatever Sherlock had said earned Mycroft’s disapproval. The older Selkie stiffened, uttering a series of harsh, guttural growls. The tone of them made John think of a mother scolding their child, and Sherlock acted much like a five-year-old put in time out, scowling and crossing his arms over his chest. He responded with a high whine, something that sounded distinctly animal, inhuman.
Marley spoke the orders, translating them for Kabir and the others. The old man nodded agreeably at whatever was said, turning to speak to the villagers behind him. As one, John saw the mass of survivors amalgamate, separating themselves from the Dragon that still knelt clutching its egg to its chest.
Sadly, it was not to be. John soon stirred, his own internal clock unwilling to let him sleep past seven, years of army training leaving him a habitually early riser. The man yawned against the silvery scars on Sherlock’s bare chest, blinking up sleepily at the man and smiling in a way that completely besotted and entirely too sentimental. His voice was thick, raspy with sleep, and it stirred something hungry and desirous low in Sherlock’s abdomen.
