Dean nodded, “So…we getting out of here then?”
Cas tilted his head in confusion.
"Why?" Sam balked.
happiness to summon the Empty. But..." he hesitates as Dean continues to stare him down waiting for the rest, "But I needed you to know. Before it was all over. I figured, I would never see you again anyway, so it didn't matter if you hated me afterwards. But I could at least go into eternity knowing I had spoken my truth."
Yay! I felt bad about the last chapter being so short, but luckily, the plot bunnies decided to come out and play, so here's another chapter!
Sam slowed down and pulled Cas's truck onto the shoulder. He and Cas jumped out and quickly followed the tracks down the hill. It was a difficult descent, as they fought to keep their balance on the steep, wet incline. About half way down, Cas yelled and pointed, "There! Sam! It's Dean! There!"
The weird hunt Sam found takes a turn for the worse.
Cas frowned at the younger brother.
Castiel nodded his head pleased, "Yes. I believe that fits."
Dean, keeping his eyes forward on the road, thinks for a minute, "Maybe their mimes?"
Castiel leaned forward and wrapped Dean in a hug. Dean tensed at first, but quickly relaxed into the warm embrace. Slowly he lifted his own arms and hugged Cas back.
Dean pulls the front door of the cabin open, only to find himself frozen in place. His brain desperately trying to remember how speech works, only finally managing to utter a single word, "Cas?"
Sam clicked on the search box and typed in "Impala67," then clicked search, "See. Like this."
Dean sat, eyes locked on his pie, jaw clenched, a single tear sneaking down his cheek.
"There's something in my...something in my back," Dean shudders, "Feels like it's right through me."
Castiel’s eyes widened with realization. It wasn’t that Dean didn’t care about him anymore. Dean just believed him to be dead.
Dean rubbed at his wrists. After a minute, he looked up to meet Cas’s eyes, “Hey Cas. About…about what you told me, before they ki-er attempted to kill you.”
"Because it's just not," Dean insisted.
Cas thought about it. Maybe this
The two brothers quickly finished their breakfast in happy silence before heading out for the day.
"And then burgers," Dean reminds everyone.
Cas nodded appreciatively, "Thank you. I'd love a cup," he stepped forward into the kitchen and met Sam over by the counter. Sam poured him a mug and handed it to him. Cas sipped at it and hummed in enjoyment.
"What? What are you talking about?" Sam asks confused.
Cas scrunched up his face.
Sam raised an eyebrow, "Ok, whatever. Well, then, looks like we're all set. Ready?" Sam clicked on the box labeled submit, "Congratulations, Angel. You are officially in the dating world."
Cas continued to listen intensely for another minute or so before finally speaking, "I think I heard Dean."
The larger vampire still has Sam pinned to the floor, and with one mercilessly strong punch, knocks him unconscious. He gets back to his feet and grabs Dean from behind. The sudden attack throws Dean's concentration off. And the strength of the two vamps wins out, as they easily force Dean to the ground, pinning his arms in place. He struggles against them, but it's useless.
Sam sat, his mouth slightly open, staring at his brother with disbelief, before leaning forward, hands clasped on the table, "You're a piece of work, Dean. So, you want him to change the way he feels most comfortable about himself, so that you can feel comfortable about what other people will think of you? Dean, Charlie was one of your best friends and I'm pretty sure if she heard you right now, she'd be disappointed."
“Dean, it’s me,” he tried again.
Sam had eventually pulled himself out of his funk and joined Cas in the "Dean Cave" with a couple of sandwiches. The two laughed at the screen as they relaxed in the overstuffed recliners. Cas took another bite of his sandwich just as something funny happened on the television, and he began laughing even harder, until he abruptly stopped and sat up straight in his chair. Sam stopped laughing too and looked over at his friend with concern, "Cas? You ok? Are you choking?"
Tears cascaded down his cheeks. Castiel could tell he was trying to hold them back, but it was no use. Cas reached out his hand and softly cupped Dean’s cheek, swiping away some of the tears with his thumb.
Castile hovered the cursor over the reply button. A small tooltip box popped up reiterating that it was indeed the reply button. Castiel bit his bottom lip so hard he felt pain. But before he could talk himself out of it, he clicked the button. It took him to a new page where he was greeted with a blank text box instructing him to send a message of 450 characters or less. He sat for a moment. What could he possibly say? Finally, using the hunt and peck method, he typed in the only thing that came to mind and clicked send.
The two head back inside, and Sam and Bobby look up abruptly, "Uh, everything ok guys?" asks Sam worriedly.
Castiel furrowed his brow in confusion. That was not the reaction he had been expecting. Just how badly had they brainwashed him? Did Dean not care for Castiel anymore? He shook the thoughts from his head. It didn’t matter. Not at the moment.  All that mattered right now was getting Dean home safely.
Sam raised his eyebrows in silent surprise. "Oh. Wow."
Cas slowly looked up at the younger Winchester and slowed his breathing, "Right. Yeah. Good ide-" he suddenly averted his gaze, as though he was hearing Dean again, "'Hurt. Car crash. Tired.' He crashed the car! He's tired. He must be losing consciousness. We need to hurry!"
But before he can reach for the doorknob, Dean springs up out of his seat, "Hey Cas, wait."
Castiel shook his head, "No, I mean. I think I heard him praying."
Sam walked up the steps from the map room, into the library, "Hey, what's up?"
"Well, angels don't really have genders. My vessel is male, yes. But, as for me, I'm genderless."
Dean sighed, deciding to let it remain a mystery, “Well, tell them thanks.”
Dean still sat, folded up on himself, not making eye contact, "Dean, listen. It's me. Your brother: Sammy. And I'm telling you that it's ok to be with Cas. And that it won't change you in any way, other than for the better. And it won't change how I see you. You'll still be the crap food loving, demon ass kicking, big brother I've always looked up to. But you won't have to keep lying to me or Cas or yourself anymore."
Sam furrowed his brow slightly confused, "I already did that. And I told Cas I didn't need..." Sam glanced over Dean's shoulder, "Impala67? Dean, what are you doing?"
Castiel carefully slid the mask up over his head and tossed it to the side.
"Ok, so, first thing. Name: Ca-sti-el," he sounded out as he typed.
Sam waited, curiosity peaked.
Dean shook his head amused, "Suit yourself," he turned his attention back to the computer and continued to fill in the boxes with his personal information."
Sam squinted out the window. It was still raining, but it was starting to let up, "Nothing yet. Wait! Over there! Are those tire tracks heading off the side of the road?"
Dean and Cas sit down next to each other on the couch, but not too close. "So what did you need to talk to us about Cas?" Dean asks.
This chapter follows very closely to 15x20, but I promise it has a much better ending.  But, fair warning, the rebar scene is in here. If you wish to end the story with chapter one, you won't miss anything major. This chapter was just kind of an add on that I thought of later with some inspiration from my friend, @xsamie87x . If you do wish to read on, there is NO character death here. Promise.
Cas took another sip, "Yes, well, it wasn't that horrible. Dean does have a rather pleasant physic."
Sam let out an exasperated breath, "I'm gonna go make some coffee," and headed off toward the kitchen.
Cas pursed his lips and looked around the room. He could sense Sam wasn't in a very talkative mood, "So, where's Dean?" he asked. Perhaps he would be better company.
Sam suddenly felt a bit panicked, "Are you sure? Maybe it's just some kind of demon or something tricking you?"
"Right, so let's just finish this up here. Hair color: Brunette. Eye color: Blue. Height: 6 ft."
"Yeah. Wow." Dean crossed his arms, closing himself off.
Cas raised his eyebrows, and tried his best not to drool over how absolutely delectable Dean looked perched on the hood of his Baby, like that. His clothes hugging him in all the right places. A sudden urgh to drop the phone and climb right up there with Dean flashed through his mind. To position himself over top of Dean and pin his arms down possesively. To capture his lips with his own and ravish the other man's body with his hands. He shook the sudden thought from his head, "Uh, ahem, what is this picture for anyway?" He lifted the phone up to focus on Dean.
“Yeah, it’s me Dean.”
“Thanks,” he smiled up at his friend.
Sam looked up from his computer and over at his brother, "Hey, what's up? You're being really quiet."
Dean shrugged, "Alright, well, have fun, I guess. Sure you don't wanna hang around and see if I get any takers?"
Later that evening, Dean sat outside the bunker, on the hood of Baby, staring up at the stars.
Cas furrowed his brow, "I did. But how did you? Dean said if you knew, you would harass him about it."
Sam rolled his eyes, "I'm not gonna harass him. Maybe just a little brotherly teasing," he smirked, "And I saw it by accident. How did you know?"
“I love you so much, Dean Winchester.”
"I'll, uh, I'll see you tonight," he says, a blush creeping up his neck.
Dean furrows his brow, "Come again?"
"Um...," Cas thought for a moment, "I don't know. What do you think it should be?"
Sam nodded his head, but a raised eyebrow implied he wasn't quite buying Cas's excuse, "Right. Objectively. Hey. You know, I just had a thought. What if
Sam cocked an eyebrow, and flashed a half smirk, "Well, you're looking a lot better than yesterday."
. He fucking dies! Of his own accord, at that! He dies and, and just," Dean waves his hand around emphatically, "he leaves me behind to process what he's said! Alone! So yeah, Cas, I'm a little bit angry! You're God damn right I am!"
They both hurried as best they could to the overturned Impala. Once at the bottom of the hill, they rushed to the car and began shouting, "Dean! Dean, we're here! Are you okay?!"
hate it. And I don't care that you're a guy. I still..." he clears his throat, "I, uh, still...think you're attractive," his eyes wander away bashfully. "Like, you're pretty damn hot, actually," his cheeks flush a bright pink, "So yeah. I'm pretty sure we're on the same page."
The next morning Dean came down to the kitchen for breakfast.
Sam narrowed his eyes. He wasn't buying it. "Right. That's why you're staring at that pie like it betrayed you, instead of eating it."
Sam closed his laptop and looked at Dean sympathetically, "Because you didn't feel the same?"
"Uh, Sam, please don't tell Dean that I'm doing this," Castiel pleaded.
"So, did you hear Dean signed up for a dating site?" Same chuckled.
Cas could feel his cheeks heating up, "I just meant, objectively. Compared to other males."
Cas smirks and rolls his eyes before taking Dean's hand in his and leading him out of the barn.
"It's a very flattering photo. I've no doubt it will attract several interested admirers," Castiel stood next to Dean looking over the webpage that was pulled up on the laptop.
Dean glanced up from the laptop briefly, "What? Oh, hey. I thought you were organizing some spell books you found. Cas just went to find you to help."
"Ok, cool," Sam clicked back over to the dating site and entered 'agender' in the 'Other' box under gender, "So, what about seeking then? I always just assumed you were straight. But I also always assumed you were male, so?"
Sam reads over the journal in his lap, "But why wear masks?," he asks, looking up.
"He, uh," Castiel cleared his throat, "asked me to take the photo for his profile."
Cas pulls back a little to look Dean in the face. Dean's eyes are closed, his face slack, "Hey, you ok? Dean?" He pats at Dean's cheek lightly trying to determine if he's still concious. "Dean. Open your eyes. Dean. Dean. Hey. Come on. Dean!" At last, Dean manages to pull his eyes open and look up at Cas. Castiel let's out a shuddering sigh of relief, "Ok. You're ok. I got you. You're ok," then pulls Dean's head back down against his chest and holds him, rubbing his hand up and down the back of the other man's now torn jacket.
Cas looked up quickly and narrowed his eyes, "I...yes! I think so! Pull over Sam!"
what he needed. Maybe he just needed someone else to distract him from Dean, who was clearly never going to reciprocate his feelings. He sighed, "Alright."
"Right... Here, hold on," Sam opened a new tab and quickly typed something into the search bar, "Ok, so how do you feel about agender? Says here it means someone who identifies as having no gender."
"Sooo you do feel...," Sam straightened up in his chair, "Ok, so then why?"
"I mean..." but before he could finish his thought, Castiel entered the kitchen.
Dean makes the next kill, slicing cleanly through the neck of another vamp, before turning and knocking the weapon from yet another's hand.
Dean scoffs. He closes his eyes and pinches the area between his eyebrows before looking back up, "You thought..." he shakes his head in disbelief. "Well you thought right, Cas!" he shouts sarcastically, throwing up his arms, "You're damn right I'm angry!" he growls, locking eyes with the angel. Castiel's face falls, apparently not expecting this reaction.
Dean half smirked, "It's fine, Cas. I'm just nervous."
Castiel thought again, "I really don't have a preference, per say. Gender is irrelevant to me. Orientations are just man-made labels."
"No way. Look, no one is gonna think you're actually an angel. And plenty of people are named Angel. Plus if you do meet someone and hit it off, and you get to a point where you have to reveal to her what you really are. Well, she can't say it was a surprise."
He reached out his hand tentively and gently layed it along side the strip of fabric covering Dean’s eyes.
Castiel frowned when he saw what Dean was referring to. There inked into his skin were the words, “Property of CW.” Castiel turned his nose up in disgust. What kind of monster tattoos their initials unwillingly into another person? “You are not property,” he said resolutely. He quickly laid his hand against Dean’s lower back and the offending mark disappeared.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut tight and takes a deep, shaky breath before letting it out slowly. After a minute or so, which feels more like an eternity, he finally deems himself steady enough to pull away and stand on his own. But Cas leaves his hands lingering on his shoulders, just in case. The angel gives him a small, reassuring smile as Dean takes another deep calming breath.
Dean furrowed his brow and turned his gaze back to the angel, “Wait. I don’t understand. I saw them take you down. They told me that you were dead. How are you not dead?”
Sam smiled, "Yep. It's a weird one too."
The two stare at one another awkwardly, not sure how to proceed. Castiel finally breaks the silence, "I came to see how you're settling in. I, uh, I meant to stop by sooner, but I thought you might be angry with me."
Sam opened his mouth, then shut it, then finally, "Ok. Then what should I put?"
“Dean, open your eyes.”
made a profile on that dating site?"
Cas freezes where he is, standing outside the Impala with the two boys, and whips his head to the barn and the sound of Sam's voice. Eyes wide, he turns back to face the kids. Without another word, he scoops one under each arm and in a blinl, is back inside the barn.
Now it was Castiel's turn to choke on his coffee. He coughed a little before replying, "Me? What for?"
Cas sets the two boys back on the ground and makes short work of getting to Dean, who's back is up against a wooden support beam.
Cas squinted his eyes in confusion, "Nervous about what?"
Cas trails off there.
"Um, Sam. Sammy. Hmm. I don't think I'm going anywhere," Dean's voice trembles.
Cas froze in his tracks, "I..." He turned around and met Sam with a pleading look, his eyes darting around, trying to think, "I don't know. I...I..." His breathing sped up and he suddenly felt panicked.
Dean let out a single laugh, “Yeah, sorry, but no you’re not. Cause Cas is dead. And you’re just in my head.”
"Wow," Sam chuckled and shook his head, "I did not realize I'd be learning so much about you from a silly dating site."
Castiel dropped to his knees and peered under the car, "Here, Sam! In the front seat! Help me pull him out!" Cas took his elbow and slammed it hard against the driver side window, shattering the glass. Dean was bunched up on the passenger side. Castiel scrambled inside the car and grabbed hold of Dean under the arms. He began crawling out backwards, dragging Dean's lifeless body with him. Sam ran around the side of the car and dropped down to help Castiel pull Dean out the rest of the way. They laid him out on the wet ground, as gentle rain continued to fall all around. Sam leaned over his brother, putting his ear above Dean's mouth listening for breathing. Then he placed two fingers along his neck to check for a pulse, "Thank God. He's still alive. But he's in bad shape."
"He's hurt! His back." Sam tries to explain.
Dean tried to smile in return.
“No, Dean. I’m not. I’m not dead. Here. I’m gonna remove the blindfold, okay?”
Sam soon returned with the laptop under his arm. He took a seat at the kitchen table and opened it up, "Alright. Let's see. We want to join," he moused over the box on the screen with the word 'Join' written on it and clicked.
Sam instantly picks up on this small interaction though, without even having to try. It's one he's seen from his brother many times over the years, and instantly he knows what's up. He clears his throat, "Good. Well come in Cas. Have a seat."
Castiel placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder and squeezed, “Dean, you’re not stupid. We all trusted them. We had no idea what they were really like. They fooled us all. But it doesn’t matter, because we’re free from them now.”
Cas smiles at Dean, "Tonight," he nods in agreement before leaving the cabin.
Tonight had not been his night. First he'd gotten into an argument with his brother over something stupid. Which had led him to storm out of the bunker looking for a bar, and if he was lucky, some chick, to drown his feelings with. Then, once he'd found said bar, he hadn't been there more than ten minutes, before some meathead had stomped over angrily and accused Dean of trying to pick up his girl. And for some reason, when Dean had, very politely, tried to explain to the neanderthal that it was, in fact, the girl who had been hitting on him, the man had become even angrier. Needless to say, they both found themselves outside the bar, much more bruised and bloody than they had entered said establishment. The man and his girl had stumbled off, cursing Dean the whole way, while Dean spat blood onto the now wet dirt outside the front door. Wet now, because of course, it was raining. Pouring, actually. Dean stalked out across the parking lot to the far end, where he had parked Baby, so as to keep her away from any sort of drunken shenanigans. Although, now he was wishing he had maybe parked just a little bit closer. Once the door was unlocked, he slid inside and slammed it shut behind him. He stared out the windshield as the rain continued to fall in sheets. He gripped the steering wheel tightly before slamming his palms against it, "Dammit!"
Sam sat quietly waiting for Dean to continue. When he didn't, he prodded, "Yeah. And?"
Dean shook his head fervently while keeping his eyes squeezed shut tightly, “No. No this can’t be real. You died. They…they killed you.”
"Did you talk to Cas?" Sam questioned.
The angel looked away, "...Ocassionally...but, I don't think a dating site would be the right way of going about it."
"Look, it's complicated, ok? But, I've been thinking. Maybe if I talk to him. Tell him how I feel, then maybe he'd switch to a female vessel for me."
Castiel stepped into the kitchen to find Sam at the coffee maker with his back to him, "Sam. I've been looking for you."
"Cas...please..." Dean breathed hard. He couldn't stay awake much longer. He was probably losing too much blood. "I'm sorry Cas. Tell Sammy I'm sorry too." Dean could feel the warm tears rolling down his cheeks. Shit. After everything they had been through, this was how it ends? Him basically throwing a temper tantrum and destroying his Baby. Great, now Sam wouldn't even have the car when Dean was gone. Good going Dean. This was bullshit. Well, on the bright side, he'd get to see his mom again. He was gonna miss Sammy though. And Cas. Dean's chest tightened. Dammit. He was so stupid. Why hadn't he ever said anything? Why hadn't he told him? Because it was too much. One night stands, those were easy. Fun for a night, then never see them again. But this, this was harder. This was too real. He didn't know how to deal with it. So he didn't. He just ignored it. But now, he was kind of wishing he had just bit the bullet and faced all those overwhelming feelings. Who knows what could have been. But it was too late now. Dean couldn't keep his eyes open any longer. He let himself drift off. He missed his mom.
Castiel looks at Dean, eyes glistening, head slightly tilted to the side, and steps in closer. He gently presses his hand to Dean's cheek, leans in and kisses him softly.
"A profile picture. For a dating app I signed up for," Dean said easily.
It took nearly thirty minutes for Sam and Cas to tie a makeshift harness around Dean, then carefully haul him up the rain slicked side of the road. But eventually, they had him safely inside the truck and headed to the nearest hospital. Sam drove. Cas sat in the passenger seat, Dean tucked protectively into his side with his hand cradling Dean's head. He gently massaged his fingers across Dean's temple. Yeah. Dean was done ignoring his feelings. He almost died tonight and almost lost his chance to ever tell Cas how he really felt. That this right here felt right. Felt like home. And as soon as he could, he'd let Cas know too.
"Really? You don't think that's a bit on the nose?"
Cas gives Dean a bemused smile.
Dean just about leapt from the car, "Whoa! Hey! Careful Cas! Damn, maybe I
Cas pulled out a chair across from Sam and took a seat, "What are you working on?"
A different vampire attacks Sam head on, fighting to wrestle the weapon from the younger brother's hand. Sam finally manages to sneak a punch in, throwing the monster off balance just long enough to shove him back against a wall. Before the vamp can retaliate, Sam takes his head off with one swift swing.
Cas nodded and gave a small smile of appreciation.
"So, to check your messages, just click here. If you want to send a message to somebody, you can reply by clicking here. Oh, and if you have someone in mind that you want to look up, just click here and type their name in."
Sam chuckled, "I mean, no, but I doubt you'll get very much interest if people can't see what you look like."
Sam sighed, deciding not to pursue it, "Well, look, if you do need to talk. You know I'm here." Sam turned his attention back to his computer.
"Cas! Shit! Dean!" Sam sputters out and he comes rushing back over to his brother and friend.
Dean turned his gaze to a far off corner of the room, "I didn't say a damn thing. I couldn't."
"Dean," Sam scooted to the edge of his chair, eyes serious on his brother, "you and dad told me I could never be with someone who wasn't in the life. And then I went off to college, and I found Jess, and I found love. I loved her so much, that I didn't care what you two thought. And if I was given the second chance that you've been handed, I wouldn't let anything stop me from taking it."
"Ok," Cas says calmly, "You're ok. But I can't heal you til we get you off this thing. Here," he puts himself directly in front of Dean, making sure his feet are planted in a sturdy position and lifts Dean's arms up to wrap around his shoulders and behind his neck. He wraps his own arms around Dean's waste. Never breaking eye contact, and continuing to speak in a calm, reassuring voice, he instructs Dean on what's next, "Ok. This is gonna hurt. Probably a lot. But I got you. Hold on to me the best you can. Are you ready?"
Back in the bunker, Sam was sitting in the library on his laptop, per the usual, when Castiel walked in from the hallway.
Dean finally lifted his head up at that, "Yeah?"
"God, we're both idiots. It's...it's not all your fault, Cas. I mean. I guess, thinking about it, I could have just as easily come out and told you the same. But, I don't know. I wasn't afraid of you hating me. I knew you never would. That those kinds of things don't make a difference to you. But I...I couldn't face the rejection. I couldn't face myself, if I told you, and you said no. Then I would have basically just admitted to finding another guy attractive for no damn reason. And I would have to live with that, you know? Live with it out there in the open, no way to take it back. No way to pretend it wasn't true. Even if you and I were the only two on Earth who even knew. And I didn't think I could do that. It wasn't me. Or, well, who I thought I had to be for everyone else."
Dean froze, his smirk swiftly shifting into a look of shock.
Cas wasn't sure how to feel about that.
"Dean...I," he thinks, choosing his next words carefully, "I never knew. I mean, you were friends with Charlie and Claire and Kaia. And it never occured to me that you felt like it was wrong for you to find the same kind of love. I knew you were a very manly man true, but I also knew you could be kind and gentle when left to your own. Your prayer to me in Purgatory. That was a part of the Dean Winchester I knew. But, I guess, thinking back. Maybe it was a part that
"You haven't even been looking, have you? Give me the computer Dean," Sam reached out to take it from his brother.
Dean sheepishly smirked, "Yeah."
Dean continues, his voice growing louder, "Let's see here. My best friend for more than a decade, who I've literally gone to Hell and back with, drops an emotional truth nuke on me, and then just, just disappears! No, no," he chuckles at his over simplification of the event, as Castiel worries his lower lip. "No. Sorry. He, he
"Thanks Cas," Dean says sincerely.
Sam sighed a little. Not out of frustration, but simply because he didn't realize this little venture would turn into a discussion on human sexuality. And as open minded and accepting as he was, he didn't actually know all of the different orientations and labels, "Ok. Well, I know there's bisexual. And I think pansexual means you like others based on personality, not what they label themselves. So maybe, that one?"
"And um, what did you say?" Sam asked cautiously.
"Alright, um, hold on, ok. Hold on. I'll go get Cas. Just try to stay awake," Sam makes for the door as quickly as possible, glancing back several times to check on Dean. Throwing the door open, he sticks his head outside.
“Dean, it’s Castiel. I’m here to take you home.”
"I....prayed..." Dean struggled to say, his eyes still closed as though sleeping.
"Hello, Sam. May I join you?"
Dean rolled his eyes to look up at Sam, "'Cause he's a he," he reluctantly admitted.
Dean put his arm out to stop him, "Ah, ah, ah, ah just. Just let me finish this up first, then I'll use my phone, and it's all your's."
Sam and Dean listen, while considering Cas's proposal. "Um, can we think about it?" asks Sam.
Completely involuntarily, the younger brother sputtered and choked on his coffee, "Ahem, sorry," he grabbed a dish towel and dabbed at the front of his shirt.
"Hmm, that sounds closer. But not really quite right. It still implies I have a gender. Just not one that falls into the categories of male or female."
Dean looks to Sammy, then Cas, "You mean like being born again, and growing up and all that crap?"
Sam gives a quick smile, before it drops right back into genuine concern, "Good. Good. Cas, uh, thanks."
"Um, so are you ok?" Sam asks hesitantly, not trying to butt into their moment, but needing to know his brother is alright.
Sam smirked and shook his head amused, "Uh, would you like to join us, Cas?"
Cas also rolls his eyes, but does so while forcing down a smirk, "Well, whatever they are, we'll take care of them, and get those boys back."
Dean stares mesmerized at his friend, tears threatening to escape his eyes. He takes a sharp breath and attempts to pull himself back together. After a moment of staring out into the yard, he finally brings himself back to Cas. "Ahem, alright, well," he runs his hand over his mouth, and claps his hands, "That's, uh, that's enough of the chick flick crap for one day, right?" he puts on a dorky, clearly uncomfortable smile. He motions with a thumb towards the door, as his eyes search for anything to land on other than Cas, "So, uh, did ya want to come in? Bobby and Sam are in there too."
"Sorry, but I have to get back to Heaven right now. I could join you two for dinner."
Dean took a deep breath, "Cas, look. I need to talk to you for a minute. It's important," Castiel gave him his full attention. "When you...when you told me you loved me back then..." his eyes began to tear up, "look I'm sorry I didn't respond."
Dean chuckled, "Yeah, well, doubt I'll be finding much of that with this app. It's more of a love 'em and leave 'em kind of thing."
Castiel waved him off, "Of course, Sam."
This time Sam didn't look up, "Just researching something," he said without elaborating.
have that life. That he could have it with
Castiel noted that Dean put his screen name as Impala67 and he was looking for women. Realizing he was lingering, he promptly headed out of the room and down one of the halls.
Sam furrowed his brow, "I didn't hear anything," he turned his head toward the doorway.
Sam rushed over and grabbed his shoulders, "Hey! Hey, Cas, calm down, okay? We'll find him. We uh, a scrying spell. Okay? We'll use a scrying spell."
“Thanks. Uh…um…do you think you could do something about this, too?” Dean tried to lean forward a bit and twisted at the waste. He gestured to his lower back with his chin.
Dean looked down at his plate, not sure what to say to his brother.
"I was scared of what it meant for me. See, uh, humans, we have these stupid unwritten rules that everyone is suppose to follow. Roles that everyone is suppose to play. Now, some of us, we follow those rules to a T. No questions asked. And others, well, we say to Hell with the rules. And then, well, still some of us, we, uh, we want to say to Hell with the rules, too. We really, really do. But we're also so afraid of losing everything and everyone we have. We're afraid that disobeying isn't worth the risk."
"Yes. I know. But it seemed a daunting task. I just thought I'd see if you had changed your mind about needing help after all. But clearly you didn't."
Sam was confused. "Because you didn't want to ruin your friendship?" Dean said nothing. "'Cause he's an angel?" Dean still offered up no response. "Then what?"
"Sure, yeah," Sam answers, nodding his head.
Dean smiled, but Cas knew him well enough to know it wasn't genuine. A million thoughts raced through his mind. He wanted to tell Dean that he
"Come on, it's not rocket science. It's just a picture. Anyone can do it. Point and shoot. Simple."
Sam looked up surprised, "What? No! No, of course not, Cas. You're still you. Like you said, labels are just man-made concepts."
Dean’s eyes began to water before he could think to stop them.
Dean kisses back, body finally relaxing, as a few silent tears skim down his cheeks.
Dean fights to stay conscience.
"How are we gonna get him out of here?" Cas asked.
The angel completely ignored Sam, his eyes and smile locked on Dean, "Good morning, Dean." He made his way over to the older brother and gave him a small peck on the lips. Dean smiled goofily up at him, until he realized Sam was watching the whole thing unfold. He shot his brother an embarrassed, nervous almost smile.
Sam drove slowly down the highway, scanning the road, as Cas sat in the passenger seat, a map laid out across his lap and a crystal dangling from a string in his hand, held a top the map, "We're close. Do you see anything yet?" Cas asked.
“Cas?” he asked shakily.
Dean swallowed hard. He sat silently for a moment. Castiel held his breath, giving Dean time to comprehend what was going on. Finally, he hazarded a peek, partially opening his right eye. As soon as his mind had registered the familiar form in front of him, he couldn’t stop his eyes from flying open widely.
"CAAAAAASS!" Sam screams out in an almost growl, "Cas! It's Dean!
"You know I'm not very adept with technology Dean," Cas mumbled.
Sam thought for a moment, "I'll go get the rope out of the back of the truck. We can tie it under his arms and pull him up the hill," Cas nodded and Sam started making his way back up the drop off.
Dean chuckled quietly, “Damn. I figured I would crack sooner or later, I just thought it’d be later.”
"Come on! Why not? It's not like you're proposing or anything. You just put up your profile and see if you get any hits. And if you do, you decide if you want to pursue them or not. There's practically no risk. And I could help you set it up."
Dean turned his gaze away to some innocuous corner of the room, clearly remembering something, “They…they wouldn’t let me speak. Everytime I tried to speak up, they silenced me. They told me to toughen up. They brought in women and men to seduce me, and when I showed interest in the men, they punished me. They said that wasn’t who I was suppose to be. That I had to be who they wanted me to be. God Cas, I…I thought I was all alone. I thought I had lost you and everyone I cared about. I fought at first, but eventually, I gave in. Started doing and saying as they told me to. I figured there was no way out, so I might as well make things easier on myself. Dammit, I was so stupid! I should have fought harder! How could I have let them do this to me?!”
"I don't," Dean drew the words out, "but, it never hurts to diversify. You know, cast a wider net."
Thin tears slipped down the angel’s cheeks as he smiled brightly at Dean, “I’m so glad to hear that. This whole time I was worried what they might have done to you. What lies they might have made you believe. That I might have lost you forever. But, I am so glad I didn’t.”
And all of a sudden, Dean understands what Cas meant by transcendent love. It’s the way that Dean still lives in these memories, the way that he’s - and he’d never admit this, never use the words - retraumatized by it all. That’s as real to now-Dean as it was to his past selves. But maybe it goes the other way too. Maybe if the multitude, the past-Deans, are still a part of him, then maybe what he feels now echoes back into them. Maybe giving in to the idea of how it would have felt, how it could have been, maybe that stitches something together in the part of Dean that holds all of this. It’s the caring, not the letting go.
Younger Dean looks between Cas and Dean with a crease between his eyebrows, like he's running red string between them and coming up with question marks. Dean definitely does not need
“Cas, I don’t know if you can hear me,” he starts. He always starts that way. “I don’t know if you get a signal, down in… Well, probably not. But if you can hear me, you son of a bitch, we’re getting you back. I’m going to bring you back.”
“Dean’s planning to just take the damn arrow,” Sam says.
"Dean,
Dean could handle the deep, unsettled sensation in his gut. He could manage the feeling that he didn’t belong, that he was spinning out borrowed time and everyone was just waiting for him to die off and leave them in peace to finish out their lives free of his miserable influence. Dean even thought he might make a good memory at this point - that when the reality of him faded, he could be remembered fondly with a softness around his edges.
in color. Or maybe it’s just that he looks good shirtless. Whatever, Dean’s on vacation, he can be as gay as he wants about it.
Sam breathes in through his nose and tries not to wince. The whimpering is pretty bad too.
It's so weird to see baby Sam. Dean wants to pick him up and hold him, and that makes him feel all kind of weird paternal things he doesn't know what to do with. It makes his chest ache to think what this baby is going to go through, all of the ways that Dean is going to fail him.
And it's not like Dean is going to kill Cas. He's gotten his best friend killed enough.
Dean slams his fist into the bunker wall and it isn't enough.
Dean was silent for a moment. “Dunno, Cas,” he murmured.“Tell me I am anyway.”
But maybe this is better. Maybe Cas looks so distraught because he feels bad that he can't return those feelings between the other Cas and Dean.
Dean frowns at him. "I hate to say it man, but that sounds like a lot of bullshit to me. You've been together for
Dean shrugs. “It doesn’t matter. I’ll go back with you, but I was… I was trying, Sam. I… wanted that for him. I wanted…” Dean breaks off and closes his eyes again. The emotion inside him is big and unnameable. It’s quiet sobs in dark motel rooms and waking up alone, cold, and hungry in Baby. It’s the slow burn of mundane tragedy underscoring the hellish trauma of their lives.
“Oh.” Dean didn’t so much say the word as exhale it. He looked down at the page of Statistics notes clutched in his free hand. “But…”
It’s Dean’s turn to blink a little dazedly. He somehow wasn’t expecting a solid suggestion to come out of this. He thought Hank would just, like, tell him he was being paranoid or an idiot. Dean is already turning the assignment over his head. It’s something he does already of course, to an extent. It’s like when Sam first got his soul back, using the dull practicality of physical pain to contrast the burning eternity of Hell.
Dean grins, even though he doesn't fully get it. "Okay, sure. Hey, I think it needs a password."
This chapter is obviously irreverant, but, I mean, if you watch Supernatural I feel like you've probably come to terms with that
Sam had found himself comparing Cas to Ruby. It was a comparison that felt a bit dirty now, but at the time, Sam had to admit that Ruby had pulled him out of his own personal hell, put him back on his feet. He’d hated himself for it, still hates himself for what he became, but in the moment, Ruby had saved him. She’d helped him find something to live for.
"I don't think I was her first choice, but I was her only option. Either I became Death, or no one did. Better to have someone you don't like but think is competent than to leave the position empty, I suppose." Cas sighs and mutters "'
There's nothing but time to heal here, and Dean wants to. He knows that, at least.
"About Cas…"
Dean pulls out of the motel's parking lot.
Mexican food. He's there in Creedence Clearwater Revival, insisting that he can provide a Tibetan throat singing accompaniment to
Dean grabs Cas’ face with one hand and pushes him back up against the trunk of the nearest tree with the other, crowding close the way their bodies always seem to be threatening to do.
They had figured, in summoning Crowley the first time, that they sort of had bigger problems going on. Chuck was their common enemy afterall. Crowley could be useful when their goals aligned. But this…
Chapter Content Warnings: internalized homophobia, sexual assault, torture, body horror, graphic depiction of violence, graphic depiction of hell, quasi-suicidal ideation, suicidal ideation in song lyrics, illicit recreational drug use, peer pressure for drug use, use of marijuana, alcoholism, self-hatred, self-esteem issues, flashbacks, trauma, vomit
Dean is faintly aware that at some point they are going to have to get up and face Sam’s smugness. He’s going to have to get back to the sanctuary now that he’s passed the trial and finish what he started. He may have rushed in headfirst, too locked in his own head to take the precautions that he should have, but there was still something there, something that the hunter network said was rumored to close the gates between Heaven and earth for any living angels. Dean didn’t know if they were going to use this thing or destroy it, but he’d been too preoccupied with the idea that Cas could be banished permanently that he’d run straight in. And now here they are.
But maybe, Dean thinks as he coughs and feels the blood working its way into his lungs, as Sam finishes off the vampires and finally sees what’s happened, as his face contorts with pain, maybe this is the world without God. Maybe the whole damn point is that they are not special.  Maybe in a world without divine plan or intervention, Dean Winchester dying in the line of duty makes sense. It isn’t glory. It isn’t justice or retribution. It’s just chance.
It's a lot to ask from a guy struggling with the future of his sexual orientation.
"Did you hear me when I said to cut it out?" John rips the ball out of young Dean's hands and throws it across the room. It thuds in to the door louder than anything Dean had done.
Wonderful, even. Thoughtful and compassionate and curious about everything. Dean thought that Sam should get to keep that. At least for a little while.
Dean shoves his bandaged hand into his pocket and shrugs. "I'm good. Glad to see you're still a good shot, kiddo."
Dean stares at Sam's faint amusement. Every expression on this man's face is complicated, nuanced in ways he doesn't fully understand. "How could you let him just hang around as a ghost?"
And it’s not like Dean is an idiot, okay, he knows what this is. He’s known since their first night together. He knew before they ever kissed, years before. Sometimes it feels like something he’s always known, like it was printed into his soul the moment Cas touched him in Hell, but that’s washing the past with a rose-colored tint it doesn’t deserve. Dean thinks he probably first started to understand it in Purgatory, when for a while the only thing that kept him going was knowing that Cas was out there somewhere. Dean went practically feral looking for the stupid son of a bitch. He’d had a desperate, singular purpose there. It had felt as raw and pure as the rest of Purgatory.
“What?”
It's…
Dean shrugs. “It’s your relationship or whatever. Think he’ll punch me for kissing his man?” He goes for a rakish grin. Cas can probably see right through it, but it feels better for Dean to hide under something than all this naked truth.
It's June. Summer, birds, pollen, all that shit. Six months and a spare few days since Cas died. Since everything else. Since Dean had his fucking heart ripped in half in a way that was familiar and somehow unlike anything he'd ever known.
that gets him. It's been a long time since he felt anything like that kid. It's been a long time since he felt like his Dean saw him that way either.
“No, no, you don’t understand. I can always hear it. You can hear it too - the sound of space breaking through your radio waves, the static, Dean, that’s the sound of the universe.” Cas had turned his big blue eyes up to Dean, always looking at him like that, like Dean was something valuable, something central to Cas’ being. “When there’s static on the television, that’s space, it’s all radiation and waves. I’m all radiation and waves. You know that, don’t you? I burn brighter than you can imagine.”
"Because Ryan Reynolds is hot," Dean says without pause. "Literally the only reason."
. Two Dean Winchesters. Holy smokes. How's Dean handling it?"
Cas traced the outline of his own fingerprints, this imprint he had left not so much on Dean’s skin as on the soul that he had once gripped so tight and raised up. “Possessive,” Cas murmured thoughtfully, nails trailing around the handprint. “Am I?”
“My angelic powers. Not as strong as it once was, but perfectly competent for a dreamless night.”
Not so long ago, he wanted something else. To build something, cultivate something hopeful and deep with someone in a way he never really has before. He sat in a church confessional and told the priest that he wanted to experience
Other notes:
Cas nods again. "Jesus of Nazareth was a good man. Devoted. But he was just a man. A prophet, not a messiah."
“What?” Dean says.
"You check in on Sam recently?"
Predictably, all of Dean's cell phones, that Sam knows about anyway, are pinging their location in the bunker, as is Dean's laptop and the burner laptop. Sam isn't surprised by this, but he is frustrated, and it only grows as he checks the armory and finds that Dean didn't even bother to take one of the cherrywood cudgels. Sam can't tell if a piece of the vase is missing, but since he can't rule it out, he figures it's safe to go with his gut on this one and assume.
“Okay,” Dean says again. He can see how upset the whole conversation is making older Dean, and he’s still kind of pissed at his future self, but he doesn’t want to fight anymore. He can kind of understand that he doesn’t understand. Older Dean told him about Hell, and Sam told him about the last couple years, about Cas dying. Dean doesn’t know what it’s like to lose someone like that, not really. He was so young when mom died. He doesn’t know what it would mean to spend forty years in Hell just to be spat back out for the apocalypse.
Young Dean groans, trotting after him as they head up to the kitchen. "I hate you a little bit."
"Hello, Dean."
"Yeah. I mean, I never knew for sure. It's not like we talked about it. Always told myself he didn't, you know, 'cause… Well. 'Cause I hated the idea of him thinking…" Dean breaks off, shakes his head. That's not the point of any of this. "But there was one night at a bar in… shit, I don't know, Tuscaloosa maybe? I was twenty-one and dad took me out for a beer after a banshee hunt or something. I think you were out  studying with that girl, Tess, maybe. Anyway, dad and I were at this bar and, uh, there was this guy, uh, checking me out, I guess." Dean winces at the memory of it, how he'd felt like all the shame of the things he'd done must be visible on his skin, how he hadn't been sure if the guy was scoping him out as a hookup or a client. Either way he'd been obvious about it, staring at Dean with this hungry expression, eyes raking over his body.
"You know this is crazy, right? You sound crazy."
“Okay,” Dean had said at last. “Yeah. Okay.”
It is terrifying to find that he wants to talk about it.
“What, this?” Dean says, waving casually at his own face. “You should see the other guy.” He gestures vaguely at older Dean, who winks at him.
Twenty-two-year-old Dean takes a shaky breath that no one notices. Now-Dean remembers every second of this. He remembers himself thinking: Okay. Okay, so, if Sammy really wants to go to college, he can make this work. There's plenty to hunt on the West Coast. Dean can stick around the area and still give Sam a little space to breathe, to be his own person at college. They can do hunts together in the summers and winters, and maybe the weekends when Sammy's got time and there's something not too far from campus. It won't be the same, but if it makes Sam happy, Dean can make it work.
anything, because it's a color that reminds Dean that the Greeks didn't have a word for blue. That blue both exists and does not exist in the way that humans create all constructs.
It’s the lightest Dean has seen him so far. Here in the kitchen, like this, Dean can almost imagine that this strange older version of himself isn’t so far gone from the person Dean knows.
about their feelings like this, not really. Not when it's about each other, at least. Dean thinks, around the pang in his stomach and burn in his eyes, that Sammy must become a full on sap with age.
They celebrated with whiskey, passing a bottle back and forth in the parked Impala. There had been a lot of laughter. Dean remembered being tipsy and warm.
And Dean knows without having to look that Constantine's eyes have gone black, his grin maniacal.
Dean had blinked, caught off guard by Cas putting his motives into words. He hadn't exactly been trying to share his emotions through music, but he'd been trying to explain why the music was important to him without actually having to say it. And that was something like expression.
“The sounds you make,” Cas murmured, the quiet awe in his voice as genuine as the first time they’d lain together, as genuine as all the times after. “It makes me feel like I must be burning - like surely this feeling shines too brightly to be beheld.”
For reasons that no one will explain to Dean, everyone else seems upset with the idea of letting Jack use his powers. Jack himself doesn’t seem as worried about it, but Dean can tell there is something more there that they aren’t telling him.
Dean shook his head, not raising it from Cas’ chest. “Please don’t leave.”
"I'm not saying I like it," Jack says. "I don't think it's how it should be. But if that's how it is, then…"
It's harder to be still. Dean would have given anything to be fighting something right then. To not have the words echoing over and over again in his skull.
Dean finds he's bouncing one knee again and has to concentrate for a second to make himself stop. "I don't know, man. I go to a bar every so often with a couple of guys who helped me build our barn - mine and Cas', I mean. I don't drink or anything, just get a soda or whatever and shoot the shit with them. We went fishing twice this spring. But mostly…" Dean rubs his sweaty palms on his jeans. He hasn't talked about this with anyone, but only because he hasn't felt like he needed to. It's not a secret, he's just been dealing with it.
“Do you want me to stop?” Cas asked gently, stroking Dean’s face, kissing his closed eyelids, his nose, his mouth.
"I can't," Dean realizes he's saying. It's the autopilot beneath the ongoing panic, the numbness still wrapped around his frantic heart. "I can't. I can't."
“Of course you do,” older Dean says. “You and Cas, man. Cas about cried when he saw them. I think if he still had his full powers he’d have gone and created one.”
hard to work this song into Crossing Lines but I could never shoehorn the lyrics in)
Four-year-old Dean looks up. His hair is shaggier than it's ever been since. His face is so… it's not innocent, not any more. That change happened just as fast for him. But it's still too trusting.
"Dean."
Young Dean looks at Sam in disbelieving horror. "Are you crazy? Don't we spend enough time running from things?"
Dean took a job at the hospital in Laramie the summer after graduation. Technically, his appointment is only part-time at twenty hours a week, but the hospital is always short-staffed and he can pick up enough shifts to work himself ragged if he wants to. It’s a float nurse position, which means Dean gets shunted around the hospital day-to-day, but once his supervisor got to know him, she’s been pretty consistent in giving him shifts in either pediatrics or the emergency room.
things, to save people, to do anything to prove that he's worth his own life, it started there. Everything that's happened since, the subsequent beatings, the molestation and assault, every failure and abandonment and loss, it's all just tinder on that first spark.
Dean swears. "What the hell did you do?"
Dean finishes first - he normally does, which Dean grumpily attributes to Cas being a frikkin’ angel. Cas lets Dean collapse into him, hiding his face again in Cas’ neck. It takes a few more minutes for Cas to orgasm, and Dean just holds onto him, murmuring Cas’ name without really meaning to.
Dean and Apocalypse World Charlie have come to love each other too. They had that same instinctual feeling about each other, that sibling kind of affection where half their joy is in annoying each other.
And there it was.
Liberty is the Soul's Right to Breathe - This is a Henry Ward Beecher quote, but it's also quoted in "Good Will Hunting" (also in this chapter, the Wes Anderson film mentioned is "Rushmore")
Dean kinda wishes Cas wasn't being so nice to him. Kinda wants to yell at him that he, Dean, doesn't need or like to be treated gently. He wouldn't be as nice to Cas, if the tables were turned. He hasn't been, when they were.
Charlie pats his knee a little aggressively. “I remember 2005. It was a pretty rough time to be queer. I mean, that was the year George Takei came out and it was a whole big deal, and now he’s like, gay king of the internet.”
Sam has a few scratches on his face, but he otherwise looks unhurt. The knot of worry in Dean's chest loosens, the relief a warmth he didn't know he was missing.
Sam has his own nightmares, of course. He doesn't scream, but he does mumble apparently, and toss in his sleep. The tossing has woken Eileen up a couple times, on the rare nights they spend together. She says it's impossible to read his lips when he sleep talks, so Sam can't be sure what he's saying, but he has a pretty good idea.
"Dean would want you to be safe. If I put you under and send you through into his head, I can't protect you."
"I can fix that," Cas says, stepping into Dean's personal space. Dean swallows, because Jesus, this guy is way too earnest and intense.
"So Artemis and Apollo have a big long fight about who gets to keep the kid, because Artemis is the goddess of the hunt, but Apollo is the god of archery. This goes on for several pages until they decide to cut open the golden bird and if its heart is pierced, Apollo gets to take him, but if anything else is the cause of death then Artemis gets him. Anyway, what do you know, the arrow went right to the center of the bird's heart, and Xerodicus goes off to join Apollo's merry band of followers."
Dean squints at the cloudy gray sky. The air is heavy and smells like rain. He wants to get back to Wyoming if the storm is going to reach the farmhouse. They’ll need to round up the critters and cover some of Cas’ plants. Dean never got around to fixing that one leaking corner of the roof, so he’ll need to find a bucket or two before he can wind down. Heavy rain usually means that he and Cas spend the day curled up on the couch reading, listening to the patter of water hitting the roof.
Dean hands his keys to Charlie, who stands there in the drizzle with the hood of her reflective blue windbreaker drawn up. Dean clears his throat, ignores the way the rain is plastering his hair to his head. There's a lump somewhere in his stomach. This was the first home he'd known outside the Impala since the age of four. This was the first consistent place he'd ever been able to give Sam, no matter what Sam thought of it in the end. It was a place full of nightmares too, like so much of their lives, but Dean had
Steel.
Mary turned around, and her smile was so big it could have lit a city. "Look at you," she said, no longer dancing. "My beautiful boy all grown up." Her smile didn't waiver, but her eyes were full of tears. "And looking after
“How was work?” Cas asks from the living room couch, and it’s only then that Dean takes a proper look at him.
Sam takes one last glance back, then steps forward and embraces him. The light that overwhelms him is instantaneous. Sam barely blinks, and he’s standing at the end of a bridge. All around him are great towering trees and bright blue sky. The sounds of nature are everywhere. It’s so lovely it almost hurts to take in. Cas puts a hand on his shoulder and pushes him gently toward the bridge.
Dean knows what happens after this, what being Crowley's hound was like. It's more blood washed over his already red hands.
Sam lets out a good-natured laugh. "Oh God, right. I keep forgetting. Not that present-day you is much better with computers, to be honest, but… YouTube is like, uh, it's this video sharing platform where anyone can just post anything. There's basically everything on it, from people just telling personal stories to bootleg movies to instructional videos on how to do stuff like cook or learn ASL or code or whatever."
Younger Dean looks a little taken aback, and it's the first time they've really been alone together in the five days they've both existed in this timeline.
Cas shrugs again. "I don't know. It isn't nature versus nurture here. A human soul has an intrinsic value, but not necessarily an intrinsic virtue. Whether or not it is actively shaped by the systems that surround it, it is acted on by those systems. If a person turns to theft to relieve the burdens of poverty in this world and ends up killing an innocent person as a consequence of armed burglary, does this mean that the thief would have become a murderer in every possible version of his life? What if he had simply lived in a community with access to resources or mutual aid? And yet he did make a choice, somewhere in there, that will have an impact on his soul. So maybe it is all circumstance and choice, in the end."
. He knows that much is real, in spite of it all.
So, Dean sells three of the antique cars wasting away in the bunker's garage, puts down a cash payment, and closes in three weeks. He spends the time puttering around the area, staying at an AirBnB in an actual house, and drawing up plans for the biggest semi-legitimate purchase he's ever made. He makes one trip to South Dakota to pick up Miracle, who Dean had dropped with Jody six months back when he was in no place to be taking care of a dog.
They do not do this. Dean and Sam, they don't
“Listen,” she says. “I’m really bad at lying. Like, really, comically bad. Especially to you, even if I don’t know, you know, you you. So I’m just gonna tell you, Sam called me and asked me to come over. Don’t get mad at him, he was just trying to look out for you, but he said you were kind of freaking out about future you and Cas.”
“Dean, can I say something?”
John holds out his arms, tears streaking down his own cheeks. Dean steps into his father's embrace and for the first time it doesn't feel conditional.
One of the college professors Sam left a message with calls back and directs Sam to an ancient Greek playwright whose work chronicled Apollo's chosen followers. While it doesn't seem that Aristophanes has himself written directly about Cerodicus, his work references a play about a "hunter most feared" by another playwright. This leads them (well, Sam) to a play by Euphorian that supposedly depicts the myth of "Xero and the Grief of Ages" - supposedly because the text isn't online.
Cas struggles for a moment, looking up at the sky before he looks at younger Dean and shakes his head. "I'm sorry. Dean, I'm so sorry."
“Just put the kid down for a nap, I guarantee he goes out like a light.”
Dean thinks this is Cas being sardonic, but it's always hard to tell with him.
"Hello Dean," Cas says, like he always does. He pulls out the bar stool that Dean had set his jacket on earlier and sits down, the same old trench coat still on his shoulders. Without asking, he picks up Dean's cup of whiskey and takes a drink, raising his eyebrows across the bar at Dean.
For Dean, it’s somewhere around Akron that he decides to be over it. If he can’t work himself out of the darkness, then he’ll use brute force. Fake it ‘til you make it, baby.
"Um… okay. Look, how old are you? Twenty-five? Twenty-six?"
Fourteen-year-old Dean doesn't respond. He waits until the door to the bathroom shuts, then hurries out to the Impala.
“Dean,” Cas says, grabbing him around the waist and holding him tight. “Slow down. Please.”
him practically falling apart in front of him.
“Yeah. Jude’s one year old. Pretty crazy to watch my little brother be a father, you know? Like… Yeah. It’s just weird. But I mean, Jude is great.”
"Dean put that on there and I don't know how to change it."
Cas is angry, sad, worried, hurt, frustrated. He feels useless without his powers, when once he could have been there with Dean in a heartbeat. To shake him or kiss him, Cas isn't really sure. Maybe a bit of both.
Dean bites his lip to keep from laughing at him. These angels and half-angels. Seriously.
"Personal," Dean says, sticking to his one-word answers but throwing Sam the bone of three whole syllables. He starts the car.
There are a number of empty beer and whiskey bottles scattered around the room. Dean has already noticed that his older self drinks a lot. Dean thought that his own intake was pretty impressive, but older Dean is regularly drinking whiskey by noon. Dean kind of hates that. It's what both dad and Bobby were like, and maybe that's just what growing old as a hunter is like, but it's not what Dean wants. He doesn't want to just get worse.
A couple drinks in, and Jack is
Sam was all stretched out and hormonal, just starting to grow into himself and discovering that the stubbornness he’d always carried had a backbone of defiance. It had been building for a while, but then John started taking Dean on more and more hunts with him, leaving Sam alone, and Sam didn’t like it. Dean didn’t like it either, but he’d just… He followed orders.
Dean shakes his head. "Yeah, me either. Always wanted to, though."
"Uh, Cas?" Dean calls after maybe twenty minutes of easy, contemplative silence. "Aren't we planning to cut down a tree?"
For a second, Dean tenses. He stays frozen where he is, breathing labored. Then he seems to let go, and he collapses into Cas, face sliding into Cas' collarbone, wrapping his own arm around Cas' waist.
"I like it, I'm just surprised you do."
"What are you talking about?"
“I’d prefer to take years,” Cas said earnestly, kissing the freckles just above Dean’s elbow.
Sam had voiced his concern that if they sent Jack off alone, Chuck might realize what they were up to, might find him out there and get to him before they were ready. But Dean agreed with Cas that it was just as dangerous for Jack to be in the bunker or near them at all, that he might as well pick some place else free of the Winchesters while he was figuring out how to handle all this extra power.
It was stupid, probably, to be upset about a kiss and some cuddling, when Dean had done much worse things just two days ago. But that was the problem. Kissing Levi hadn’t felt like being used. It felt sweet. Soft, even.
in love with Dean, backwards and forwards and wherever else Dean's wayward soul goes, but Dean straight up does not know how to handle this.
And then Cas had done something unforgivable.
Levi invited Dean out onto the back patio to smoke, and the night air had cooled off significantly, tasting like the mountains and freedom. Dean had fingered the lighter in his pocket, thinking about how the last time he used it was torching bones in a graveyard.
"Good to see you, too, Dean."
Dean hesitates, glancing at Hank's face again. There's no hostility or disgust there. Maybe Sam is right and the way Dean grew up was the last echo of a dying era - maybe most people really don't care anymore.
Dean shakes his head, pushes himself upright. "No, I mean, I need you to stay in this room. I can't have you in there with me. I can't… I don't want you to watch this." Dean lets himself fall back again the door for a moment. "I'd rather die," he says quietly.
It’s evening, the air still hot and heavy in the cramped motel room, the light outside darkening by the minute.
As I mentioned in the author's note to CL, I wrote Dean to be very flawed here. I think that his character is complex and that the show did him, and all of us, a great disservice by not allowing him the chance to learn to live for himself. The show was never going to give these characters a proper shot at dealing with their trauma - it simply did not have the capacity or tact to handle these issues after 15 years of funneling them to the side.
"You're a hunter too?" younger Dean asks uncertainly, eyeing her outfit and its many hidden weapons.
“You already knew.”
Content warnings in end notes.
The implication is there, the accusation that Sam is ditching them, that at least in this, Dean is aligned with his father in family fidelity.
Dean lets all that out in a breath like he's been punched in the stomach.
Dean scratches at the back of his neck and makes himself meet Hank’s incessant direct eye contact. “I don’t know if you’re in this to help people or make money, or whatever. Maybe you’re the real thing, maybe you’re good at what you do, but I don’t see any way that you can help me. No offense.”
It's just… for about a decade now, Dean has lived in a near constant state of terror, anxiety, and grief. All of his tension, it lives too close to the surface these days. It seems like every other moment, they're all about to die. Every fucking time he opens himself up a little, everytime they get close to patching up the world, everything seems to go to shit.
The house smells like mildew and curdled blood. Sam and Dean come hurtling into a dilapidated living room where Cas and older Dean have already drawn ten of the supposed twelve vampires.
Dean was crying too, saying "Thank you," and "I love you," and "I'm sorry. I'm sorry, mom," in a random order. Mary pulled his face gently into her stomach without disturbing his position between Sam and Cas, and she kept stroking his hair, both of them crying near silently.
Dean's never talked about it with Sam, although he's pretty sure his brother knows he's not straight. They've lived together most of their lives, after all.
"Seriously?" Older Dean asks Cas. His voice has dropped, but it's deadlier now. "
“Cas, just…” Dean licks his lips and steels himself. “Just don’t… don’t give up on him, okay? He doesn’t deserve you, but I need to know that the person I become still has a shot. If it comes down to it, I know what you’re gonna say, but if it comes down to it, he’s the one you should save. ‘Cause I want to know that my life, the life I should have had in my time, isn’t all meaningless. I want there to be a chance for me to still become someone who gets to be here and love you and… and all of it.”
“Son of a bitch. Cas is here?” Dean doesn’t bother to keep the hope out of his voice. This is Heaven. What’s the point of Heaven without hope?
Dean can hear the faint sounds of Cas inside the house, the comforting morning noises of his bare feet and the dogs' nails on the creaking floor. Cas, it turns out, is an early riser as an old man. He likes getting out in the yard to tend to his plants while the sun is still rising.
"I never forgot about you," Sam says quietly to the floor. "Never. I thought about you all the time at Stanford. Thought about calling you pretty much every day the first year. Look, Dean, you and me, we've had years to work through this, but I want you to know that I'm sorry for leaving the way I did. I was young and angry at the world, and I needed… I needed time and space to become less hot-headed. I needed to get away from dad for a little while. But it was never about leaving you, and I'm sorry that we lost contact for those years. That was never how I meant for things to go. I missed you so much, I just got too stubborn."
Cas doesn't answer at first. His eyebrows are drawn together, the wrinkles prominently creased in his forehead. His eyes are wide, unblinking and sad as he stares down at the giant animal pacing beneath them. Dean glances down and sees the elephant is now lumbering straight for them. They stop at the wall, reaching their trunk up, reaching directly for Cas, and make what Dean can only interpret as a distressed braying sound.
“Wait, George Takei, like Sulu?”
Dean can't stand the idea of young Dean being anywhere near Cas. At least Sam already knew him back then, more or less. At least they're on even footing in that Dean knew young Sam too. But Cas has only known Dean post-hell, and Dean's comfortable with that. He doesn't want Cas to see how soft he was before, either because it will reinforce just how fucking broken Dean is now, or because maybe Cas will want that kind of softness. And Dean… he just doesn't have that in him anymore. He's known for awhile now that he's scraping the bottom of the fucking barrel on what he has to offer the world. Not that he was ever good for much, but he used to be able to fake it, at least. He could pull up a smile for a pretty girl at a bar that didn't feel like a bold-faced lie. He could make sense of his own choices. He could look at his brother, at least, and see a tomorrow with him. Even if he couldn't see the light at the end of this ugly-ass tunnel, he always let Sam's belief in it be enough for both of them. If he just had Sam, he could make it through another day.
Eileen always looks a tad distracted these days, which Dean supposes is fair. She’s about to enter her second year of law school after all, and Jude is a sweet boy but he is only about one year old, which means that he is by nature a little bit of a terror. He looks just like Sammy did at that age. Dean tries not to let the resemblance gut him too much.
"Yeah, I guess."
Cas stroked his hair, pleased in a way he couldn’t describe. “I was just going to get a towel for you.”
As Sam walks out of the kitchen, Dean finally takes a seat at the table, flopping two chairs down from Cas. The silence that rushes in to Sam’s absence is tense and awkward. Younger Dean runs his fingers through his hair. Dean hunches his shoulders and glares at the table. Cas glances between them, starkly uncomfortable.
Dean realizes, standing there in the cold with just a glimpse of his house through the trees, that he wants Sam’s approval. But he doesn’t actually need his permission.
Cas has been alive for a very, very long time. He doesn't remember exactly when he was first formed, when everything was new and so blindingly bright and overwhelming with certain intent. Cas was blinding too, ripples of radiation pulled from the beginning of the universe strung into being, created like all things eternal: energy undestroyed. He was colorful, a spectrum of wavelengths outside human perception, something even the brine shrimp on earth cannot fully fathom with their extra optical cones. He
Dean takes his face out of hands and peers up at Cas. “You never told me that.”
Older Dean goes with it easily, like this isn't new or weird at all, like they've done this a hundred times. He straddles Cas' thighs, arching his body into him like a damn teenager. He's laughing into the kiss, his smile meeting Cas' mouth, his arms going around Cas' neck. And Cas' hands keep hold of Dean's shirtfront, possessive and eager. It isn't until Dean's hands are in Cas' hair and Cas has snaked one arm around Dean's waist with his other hand sliding first up his thigh then around to his ass, until Dean's no longer laughing against his mouth but kissing him deep, like he means to keep kissing him until one of them dies or their clothes come off, whichever comes first, that the vision finally starts to fade and blur.
Sam blames John for most of that too.
Dean turns around as Sam approaches and he’s smiling, his face the same as Sam remembers it, but his eyes and the ease in his body are more carefree than he’d ever been in life. There’s something softer in him here. Sam can feel it in himself too.
In fact, the problem is that sacred trees or blessed wooden artifacts turn up too much information. Sam, seemingly acting out of habit, delegates areas of research to Jack and the Deans. Cas gets to do whatever he wants, apparently, because he gets through more material than any of them, is the only one who can read Greek, and Sam trusts him to prioritize on his own through some unspoken nerd code.
“Cas, come on.”
“Rhonda, I could kiss you,” Dean says with the reverence this act of kindness deserves.
. Just like he's messed up with Jack, over and over again.
“Yeah. I mean, I don’t know, sometimes I have. I’m not a fucking idiot, okay? I understand you don’t hit your kids like that. I get it. But dad was just…” Dean swallows around the words “doing his best”. “He was doing what he thought he had to for us to survive. All of us. And we did. And yeah, yeah, sometimes it wasn’t… But I forgave him, you know? I mean, when it happened, every time, I always forgave him.”
"What? No." Dean lets go of the chair and steps back from the table, swigging most of the bottle in one go. "Cas and I did not bone in a demon trap supply closet so he could summon his own death."
"Dean," Sam says. "When I say 'we,' I mean
Eileen and Cas stay seated, Cas signing for Eileen when Dean or Jack forget to turn back to them while they’re speaking. Watching Cas and Eileen’s hands move is, frankly, very cool and Dean decides that if he lives through the week he’ll ask Cas or Sam to teach him.
Cas looks faintly embarrassed, like he’s been teased about this before. “To watch over you,” he corrects.
God is dead, functionally speaking. Jack is God, which makes Jack functionally dead. Cas is dead. Eileen is dead.
He sticks his cigarette in his mouth and pulls out a black leather wallet as slick as his suit. "I got a room at the hotel a few blocks back. You can have it the rest of the night if you want. I just want the hour."
Cas comes back in from whatever he does to put his plants to bed at night in the greenhouse - and Dean has a sneaking suspicion that it might legitimately be reading them a bedtime story - and the cool evening air wafts in with him. It smells like the mountains. Like grass and nighttime.
Kissing Cas is like every good moment Dean's ever kept in his soul. It's warm and intense and so fucking good and he wants to do it forever.
Adam had a mom. Got to have a mom. Maybe she would have resented him and Sam, but maybe…
It turned out that none of them actually owned swimsuits. Dean thinks the last time he went swimming recreationally was probably in high school. They stopped at Ron Jon’s on the way down and all picked out overpriced bathing suits. Dean went with trunks split between black on the bottom and an ochre sort of gradient on the top. Eileen’s navy blue and silver bikini matches Sam’s trunks, because they are disgusting. Cas is wearing mint colored shorts and he looks
The smell of gunpowder is always present in the range. It's a somewhat comforting smell, the familiar scent of rainy afternoons spent cleaning dad's rifles when there was nothing else to do in an endless string of motel rooms.
Cas sucked in a breath and pressed the flat of his palms to Dean’s back, pressing him in, holding him. “You’re mine, Dean. You’re mine, and I’m yours.”
Dean had actually tried for three nights in a row to get Cas to catch on, but Dean was too amped up, and messed up, and nervous, and Cas was Cas - just benignly pleased with Dean's attention and absolutely fucking clueless to what Dean was trying to ask him. So on the third night, Dean had thrown back four shots of whiskey and basically taken a trust fall into Cas' arms.
All the same, this doesn't feel like Chuck. It feels like dumb fucking luck, the Winchester specialty.
It isn't just semantics, although Cas is fond of linguistic pittraps. It's taxonomic. Scientific. Universal. It's that human beings looked at a salmon and a lung fish and said "yep, scales, lives in the water, close enough, let's eat."
He hears Cas huff a small complaining noise. “Next time, remind me that I’m human,” he says.
"I like everything we do together, Dean," Cas said honestly, thumbs flitting across the dips in the tops of his shoulders.
Sam trudged back up to the kitchen, but he doesn't need Cas' shake of the head to confirm that Dean's not asleep somewhere else in the bunker.
"But…" Jack has a dot of cornmeal on the bridge of his nose. It shifts as his brow furrows. "If a soul isn't inherently good or bad, but a person will be judged when they die by what they've done in their life, then doesn't it… Well, wouldn't it be logical to kill children before they make too many choices so that everyone goes to Heaven? If you're talking about the consequences of a lifetime or all of eternity."
Dean feels warm beneath his brother’s arm and words. He smiles too, watching Sam’s face as he takes in the starlight.
Hank nods again. “Alright. Well, truth be told, I can’t promise it will help you.”
Cas' other hand stroked Dean's hair, ran gently down the back of his neck.
Sam sighs. "Because he hasn't actually talked to me about it yet. He knows that I know, and I know that he knows that I know - everyone knows everything. He's just not ready to say it. Which is ridiculous, because he and Cas have been hooking up for years now, and honestly most of our friends are queer, so it's not like he doesn't know I'd be okay with it. To be honest, I think he hasn't told me because he's scared to admit it to himself."
Sam glances once more at his son, still sitting over his body and weeping openly. “I don’t suppose you’ll tell me where exactly I’m going.”
Levi smiled at him, soft eyes too knowing. “Neither do I,” he said, and he kissed Dean there under the stars.
"No," Cas says shortly. "I'm an angel. I'd have to translate my memories out of their true form for them to even be compatible. They won't touch Dean's."
"Are you hearing me at all?"
Y yo a ti, Cas.
“Yours is the same soul as Dean’s,” Cas says, without hesitation. “That much I know. The rest is… complicated. A soul
"What do you want?" he asks.
" he gestures at Dean. "Fine. Do whatever you want with him. I don't care."
"You're fucking kidding me."
Like how it hadn’t mattered when Dean finally opened his damn eyes and realized
Dean blinks in the sunlight. It's a park he doesn't recognize, a time he can't place. It's a beautiful fall day, crisp but not cold, the sun high and bright in the blue sky. It takes a second for Dean to find himself, and when he does his eyebrows draw together.
They'll case the place, see if they can get a body count, then Older Dean and Cas will go in the front, guns blazing so to speak, and Dean and Sam will sneak round the back for an element of surprise.
Uh, so this chapter got away from me and then it just... kept going? Probably should have been broken into two, but we're here now.
"Home. Back in Kansas, huh? Funny how it all came full circle."
"So, what, are you trying to tell me I can't handle it the way you can?"
When Cas stands and breaks off two branches, each about the width of a club, there is a loud
"I… Uh."
Sam pushes by his brother to pour himself a cup of coffee, pulling down three of their mismatched, chipped coffee mugs purloined from various hotels and offices over the years.
"Oh yes you do." Sam glares right back, but there's no heat in it. "Dean, I know this whole thing has got you all twisted up, but don't go fucking things up with-"
"Uh," Sam says as Dean takes the binder back from him. "Just one other thing. I noticed in your personal info that in the relationship status question you checked "widowed." Was that a mistake or are you angling for some tax thing I don't know about?"
“Yeah, well, when has that ever worked for any of us?” older Dean uncrosses his arms and leans in a little. “Look, you know as well as I do that the kid is a better bet, okay? Not that he… not that I wasn’t already messed up at that age, but he’s not carrying around the last fifteen years of baggage. Hell, if he wasn’t actually manufactured to be here by Chuck, maybe we can use that, y’know? He hasn’t been tap dancing to Chuck’s storylines for near as long. He might not be as good in the field at first, but at least he’s not fucking broken.”
"Son, I don't need you or the hosts of Heaven to tell me that that angel of yours has been in love with you since he hauled your ass out of Hell." Bobby takes a sip from a mug of steaming coffee. Dean is pretty sure it wasn't in his hand a moment before. "And for what it's worth, the two of you could do a lot worse than each other."
My partner (jokingly) asked to be acknowledged in this note, which she deserves for reading a novel-length fanfic of a show she's never seen. Many thanks also to @interstell and my friends MT and ML who have had to listen to me have a 6 month+ emotional breakdown over a fictional TV show.
Cas looks more like an accountant than a hunter and Dean only takes a cursory glance at him.
. He's enjoyed many of the censored LGBTQ+ novels:
"Just, for what it's worth, I'm glad. You know." Sam gestured at Dean's head in Cas' lap.
get to tease me. I’d be so much worse if I was you.”
“Would you tell me more about that?”
“We’re family. We need you. I need you.”
"You may be. But your own consciousness might influence Dean's, and if he can't sort through his own memories, his real memories, he won't be able to get back. If your memories get tangled up with his…" Cas shakes his head. "Both of you could be lost in there."
John didn't speak to Dean for three days.
Dean doesn't want to have to think about any of it, about anything else.
Chapter Content Warnings: internalized homophobia, suicidal ideation, (nonfatal) overdose (possible suicide attempt), physical and emotional abuse, alcoholism, drug use, past sex work (implied past underage sexwork), canon use w**re slur, sexual coercion/manipulation, possibly sex under uncommunicated pretexts (not sure exactly how to characterize this but breakup sex in which only one partner knows that's what it is), misuse of a safe word, breakup, self-harm, self-hatred, self-sabotage
"Okay, Cas. I'm going back to bed. You enjoy your dreamless reading."
They’ve reached the original path they followed up through the foothills and paused.
Dean doesn’t really know how to argue with this, so he lets it lay there between them. The school issue is only half the problem, really. Dean doesn’t know how to talk about the other thing. He can’t quite articulate the way that the word “nurse” makes him feel. It shouldn’t be an issue. If the idea of two years of community college sounds impossible, there’s no way in Heaven or Hell that Dean would ever even consider med school. And if he’s not going to be a doctor, then why shouldn’t he be a nurse?
“He comes and goes.”
Jack sits up straight, suddenly putting the pieces together. "He made a deal." Jack's face is always soft, somehow. Dean finds it hard to direct his anger toward him now, even after everything. But he wants to. God, he wants to tell him to shut up.
Cas nudges his shoulder. When Dean looks at him, Cas is searching his face, asking without asking
When he looks up, Jack is staring at him, just holding a spoonful of fruit loops suspended halfway to his mouth, his forehead creased between the eyebrows in a way that reminds Dean of Cas.
It was unbearable, at first, to love as humans do.
Charlie agrees to come by the bunker in a few days, and Sam gets off the phone only feeling a little guilty about phoning in a queer friend. It's not like he's squeamish about sexual orientation, but he hopes maybe having a queer hunter around will make Dean less defensive. Plus he'll adore Charlie, regardless. The two of them are too similar.
"If I've learned anything over the years from you and Sam," Cas says, as if nothing strange has happened with his son at all. "It's that you make your own meaning in this life. You have some choice in what matters to you - not entirely, of course, in respect to the systems that operate around and against you, but in a large sense, you create your own meaning." Cas' eyes are almost a warm blue in the soft light of the kitchen, but just as intense, just as heavy as he looks at Dean. "And a meaning that you have made or found for yourself is as real as any divine providence. More so, perhaps."
, because Cas was acting weird after purgatory and Sam was maybe dying again and all of the shit with the tablets and Cas had broken Dean open on the floor of that old crypt. And it kept not mattering - because Gadreel, because Lucifer, because Amara and Chuck, because, because…
Cas wants him. Maybe just because of older Dean, but regardless, he’s physically drawn to him, clearly. It feels so good to be wanted, finally to be craved like this, and not just in a sexual way.
When Dean had come back to himself, all of his cells reassembled from the mess they’d been carved into, he found that he had raised his arms above his head, fingertips outstretched as if he were spread-eagled on the rack. He’d lowered them, embarrassed, breath catching and heaving out of him too fast, legs twitching.
“S’okay,” younger Dean says. He pats awkwardly at Sam’s knee. “Sammy… You’re the… the best thing I ever did. Raising you. M’so proud of you, baby brother. Turned out good.”
Now-Dean takes a deep breath. He’s distracted by this Dean. This Dean is much closer to how he remembers himself, how he still sees himself sometimes. He’s always thought of this Dean as fully grown, fully capable of handling himself, handling anything. But outside, looking in, he can see the hollowness in him, the fear in his own eyes.
"No, of course not, you're just a useless kid me," older Dean snaps.
now and wonders when the hell older Dean decided to pick poetry back up. He doesn't have to wonder for long, though. There is an inscription on the inside that clears that up pretty immediately.
Perhaps a year into their newly sexual relationship, Dean had raised his head from Cas’ neck, which he had been kissing rather enthusiastically, and said “Hey Cas?”
Cas makes a frustrated noise and pulls away from Dean, going up on one elbow so that he's leaning over him. Dean can't see much in the near-absolute dark of the windowless room, but he can tell Cas is glowering at him with all the righteous contempt of an agent of Heaven. It makes Dean smile a little. He kind of likes pissing Cas off, which maybe is part of their many problems.
"Yeah, if you can call it a word, I guess. It's the first sound you seemed to make on purpose when you wanted me, at least."
“I like this too,” he murmured.
They're cute together. Dean almost makes a remark about it being gross, the way they lean into each other at the table over stacks of books and papers and Sam's laptop, but he stops himself. This isn't his Sam, and as much as he feels brotherly toward the guy, he's not sure how much he's allowed to tease, or how solid this thing with Eileen is. He doesn't want to fuck anything up for them either.
Was he really so different before Hell? Could he look himself in the eyes in the bathroom mirror back then?
He needs Sammi. He needs his brother.
"What I mean to say is that the soul is, perhaps, all of these things. I think that a soul holds all the pieces that have been dreamt up about it and is something greater still than this sum. So to say that a soul can change - it can, but it's like… it's like cupping the infinite in your hands. There is so much to it that even a fundamental shift in the core of your being will not disrupt every aspect of who you are, and even if it did, you would still carry the imprint of your most fundamental structure with you." Cas seems to cut himself off, shaking his head. "Souls are like mobius strips of bright light and intention. They are… not physical, exactly, but not less than physical. They are who you are in your purest sense, and they are more than you, too."
"I am completely satisfied with your dexterity," Cas says, a little frostiness not quite covering the note of embarrassment in his voice.
"I suppose you'll say that genitalia would be a clear indicator of gender, but like I said, historically speaking, this binary of yours has a relatively short life so far. There's very little that reproductive organs tell me about what, say, a person in Namibia in 200 BC would identify as. Or what the word for that identity would mean about what you'd call gender roles."
but it’s this on top of the way dad taught him to accept pain, to put his body in harm’s way if it meant getting the job done. It’s Michael on top of that somewhere too - the idea that Dean’s entire cosmic purpose was supposed to be his body being used as a tool of Heaven, used just like he was supposed to use it as a soldier, used just like he’d learned to do to get the things he needed. The layers stack up and they blend and it all fucks Dean up until he doesn’t know what this feeling is about exactly, just that there is too much of it, and he is unclean and used up.
Dean doesn’t have a lot to contribute, really, so he mostly listens and eats the home cooked meal and watches how almost everyone goes for seconds of this food that he helped prepare. He has to remind himself to just enjoy being at a table full of good food and people who like him, people who are trying to save him, and not think too hard about where he was a week ago, sleeping alone in his car with a bottle of whiskey and a packet of beef jerky.
The only sound in the room is Dean's breaths and the ball hitting the floor. It's gloomy and dank and smells like mold, but Dean's seen worse.
The chapter title is that of "The Body Keeps the Score" by Bessel van der Kolk, a nonfiction book about trauma. There are some critiques to be made of this work, but overall I did find it useful. I have been told "Trauma and Recovery" by Judith Lewis Hessman is also a good book on the subject. I'm currently reading "Trauma Stewardship" by Laura van Dernoot Lipsky and Connie Burk. I'm not very far so I can't vouch for the whole thing, but so far it's very good.
The old sense of self-preservation nudges at now-Dean, that internal barometer he developed for anticipating his father's moods. He wants to yell at his younger self to take Sammy and go outside, just let John sleep it off in peace. But of course this is just a memory, and young Dean is clueless.
"Are you telling me trees are sentient?" Dean asks. He doesn't really know what to make of this - it all sounds a little woo-woo to him, but then again he's an actual godforsaken timetraveling clone, so maybe trees having feelings wouldn't be the weirdest thing he's learned this month.
Dean's not sure what to make of that, not sure that he wants to be feeling all of these things.
Dean feels the weight of the stars in his chest. It's still an ache here, that longing, that awe. He leans his head onto Cas' shoulder.
"What the fuck," Dean says.
There is an incongruous Bible on older Dean's nightstand. Instinctively, Dean shakes it out, and sure enough a photo drops loose from the back. Dean picks it up and sees what must be a follow-up shot to the picture he found on Cas' phone.
It was always the last thing John said when he left them - in crappy motels, in abandoned buildings, with strangers.
Cas thinks of these books for the first time in years when he's brought back to life after Raphael blew him to pieces all across Chuck's living room. He finds himself dressed as Jimmy Novak again and he's not sure
And with twenty-six year-old Dean running around, Dean thinks he deserves a drink.
Cas is sitting on the couch in jeans and a pink sweater, eating popcorn out of a yellow plastic bowl. The only light in the room comes from the reading lamp at one end of the couch and the warm glow of a crackling fire in the fireplace. Dean stands there at the door, the dogs sniffing around him, completely stuck on how soft Cas looks in his stupid pink sweater with his stupid gigantic bowl of popcorn that is probably serving as his dinner.
He'd recognized that he would, eventually, have to go through those other doors. He just…
The relief on Cas’ face was almost painful. He nodded, still not taking his hands off Dean.
"I've traveled the world many times over. But if you're asking about my social interaction, I suppose not. I spent most of my existence as an interdimensional wavelength of celestial intent. Dean is often frustrated by my lack of pop culture knowledge."
“There’s a goose.”
Dean is sort of starting to understand why every emotion on these guys' faces is layered. He feels first the simplistic excitement he always has for good food, followed by a warm tug in his belly that this weirdo knows him well enough to suggest a place with his favorite food, that Cas cares enough about his future self to remember things like this.
to die. He’s done it plenty already. Yeah, he’s tired. And yeah, there have been times when he’s been tired enough that he’s wanted a fasttrack out. He’s not going to deny it.
"Dean."
"You okay?" Sam asks after they've gone a few rounds and are headed back upstairs.
Cas frowns across the table. "Dean."
“And what do you think?” Hank asks again. He’s not taking any notes, Dean notices, which strangely makes him feel a little better about the whole thing. He feels less like a patient with a chart this way.
4. If I Had a Gun - Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds
It stopped bothering him a long time ago that Cas watches him while he sleeps.
"Goodbye, Dean."
An incredibly self-indulgent author's note on a wildly self-indulgent fic:
Cas hesitates, and then he moves his fingers from beneath Dean's chin to the side of his face, almost cupping his jaw, and runs his thumb once down Dean's cheek.
Cas comes back into focus again, resettling, and he steps back from Dean, looking at his own hands.
Dean would really like to say no, but, well. Who knows how much time they have left?
And yes, this title
That night had been tender when Dean calmed down. The last real tenderness they had for a while. They still have sex sometimes, but it's not the same. Dean's walls are back up, and Cas can't do anything except wait to see if they come down.
Younger Dean had stopped grating cheese and frowned, glancing between Sam and Cas. Cas, useless with tact, was staring unhelpfully at his shoes.
“Yeah,” Dean says again. “Because of older me, right?”
Dean can't look at his younger self's wide eyes. He doesn't want to see the fear there.
Cas had stopped, suspended above him, and rubbed his thumb over Dean's cheek, wiping the first few tears away.
Eventually, Graves had written down his number on a scrap of paper and pressed it into Dean's jacket pocket.
On the other hand, maybe all those Big Bads are out there somewhere together, biding their time.
"You never know when to listen," Cas gripes back.
Dean hadn’t meant anything by the choice of band, hadn’t thought Cas would remember, but Dean remembered the significance of Devil Makes Three again as Cas looked at him with wide, wide eyes, his pupils all shot to hell, mouth slightly open. It was definitely not just the drugs making Dean’s cheeks burn and he dragged his eyes away from Cas. It took a considerable amount of effort.
His whole life, he's tried so hard to be whatever anyone needed him to be: a good son, an obedient soldier, a protective brother, a patient father, a caring mother, a reliable partner, a devoted friend, a skilled hunter. He's played every part of those roles, tried to put every piece of himself into them, and he never seems to get it right.
"I know," Cas says. "I'd rather not do any permanent damage here if we can help it." His gaze is intense, always so intense on Dean like this. "But I will, if it's necessary."
Sam knows him too well, after all.
Sam snorts. “I’m surprised he even noticed.”
Well, whatever. Dean’s done caring about what it looks like.
If his body is just a commodity, but it can't be extracted from his more general being, then what has forceful violation of that resource taken away?
Dean couldn’t move. He could never move. The most he could do was wriggle like a fish caught on a hook.
Cas didn't
Dean blinks, pulls himself back, still watching the memory out of the corner of his eye as he glances at present-day Cas. "What?"
They get undressed, hands fumbling on their own clothes and each other’s. Dean pushes Cas down onto the edge of the bed and straddles him again. Cas makes a little stifled groan into Dean’s neck as their bodies press together, skin against naked skin.
Sam’s mouth quirks in a small smile. He shakes his head, but he takes a piece too and opens up his coffee to dunk it in, like they used to do when they were kids. The Honeybuns were always their favorite vending machine snack to share when they had the means. This cinnamon roll is fresh and fluffy and definitely has some orange in it or something. It’s basically heavenly, if Heaven weren’t such a load of crap.
"There's a diner here that has, as Dean has told me, 'awesome pie.'"
It takes a few minutes of teeth-pulling and agonizingly patient silences, but Hank coaxes something like the truth out of Dean.
Cas broke away, fingers trailing up Dean’s chest over his shirt and he looked into Dean’s eyes so earnestly, like he might be about to cry. “You taste like sunset over the Potomac, like the winds in Cairo, like the green of Yosemite. You taste like the earth, Dean. Like redemption.”
"I know. But as far as I'm concerned if Lucy wants a ride down the block to Kwiktrip, I'll be there. Just call, okay?"
"No one's dying," Sam says firmly for like the hundredth time that week. "We're not gonna let either of them die. Not from this. And as for why Dean at twenty-six, I don't know. It seems like a Crowley kind of thing to do, you know? Mess with Dean's head, make us think we have to pick which one of them lives."
Sam takes Dean’s silence for the answer that it is. “Was it…” Sam lets out a shaky breath. “Did he molest you?”
Sam laughs. “You’d think an ex-angel of the lord could handle some puppy eyes. But I don't blame him. Anyway, I’m really happy for you, Dean. I think this is good.”
Sam can't blame him. Most of the time, he can't help him either. He'll just be there, to try and pick up the pieces.
Dean heaves a gasping breath and blinks his eyes. They feel dry and it takes a second to bring things into focus. He’s laying on his bed - how he got there, who knows - and directly in his line of sight is Cas laying next to him. Cas is just opening his eyes,
"Oh so we
Cas glares right back at him this time. "I wasn't asking, Dean."
"I'm… this is… I don't talk about this. It was a long time ago. All of it. I'm not proud of some of the things I did, the choices I made. And you're gonna… you're gonna look at me different, after this. And that's fine, okay, but just… just promise me that you won't tell Sam. He doesn't know, and he can't. No one knows. I…"
“That’s not how motion sickness works,” Cas said.
but he knew better.
Eighteen-year-old Dean is flopped on the couch, a glass of whiskey in his hand, watching the fire in the hearth crackle and pop. Sitting next to him, too close, is another hunter, twenty-something, shaggy brown hair, hazel eyes. Dean met Constantine two days back, both of them tracking signs of demonic activity.
Sam looks distinctly uncomfortable. He ushers Dean toward the black metal stairs that lead up to another row of doors. "Let me show you the library. But yeah. Pretty much."
Dean can hear the trepidation in younger Dean's voice, but also a note of resignation, like this confirms something. Dean can't remember what he would have thought he was going to Hell for at that age - the general quality of his soul, probably, or his failures as a son, or his sometimes homoerotic proclivities. Dean's never exactly been a poster boy for biblical values.
"You think I'm like dad?" Dean asks. His voice is flat, toneless, coming from somewhere in that central numbness that he can't quite shake.
It might be easier, Cas sometimes thinks, if he didn't care about the way his vessel appears now. If he hadn't started to think of himself with human pronouns, hadn't yearned with this body and found that he liked it in a way that feels - and Cas can't begin to explain what this even means - male.
As the walls around them splinter and larger pieces of stone start to shake loose, Dean can't help but note how fucking fitting it is that they are having this conversation while his head is literally falling apart around them. He looks at the floor and he hates how quiet his next words come out.
Cas shifts against him and doesn’t answer. Dean pokes his back triumphantly.
“Yeah? In what way?” Similar to his view of therapy, Dean’s only exposure to the world of psychotropic drugs came from the media. He’s thinking about the stories of psychiatric patients becoming vegetative, of losing his free will to drugs after wrestling it from God.
It's been nearly five years back on earth. It’s not that Dean didn’t want to do this before. And, as it turns out, it’s certainly not that Cas didn’t want to, it was just that Dean could never think of a smooth way to say “Hey, come into the backseat with me.”
"When you're ready, you should talk to the other Dean," Sam says when he's fully back in the present. "He should hear the answers to his questions about his future from you."
It’s so laced with love and wanting that Dean thinks he could die from it.
There's a slight rustle above him. Dean cranes his head back without sitting up, and sure enough, there is Castiel, appearing upside down in his view, but the same Cas in his same trenchcoat, still looking perpetually windblown.
Sam mock-grimaces. "You have got to stop calling him that," he says.
"Hopeless," Dean says.
It's offhand, and Dean honestly didn't think anything of it, but suddenly Sam's gigantic hand is on his shoulder spinning him around. Sam looks somewhere between angry and grief-stricken.
"You were
The memory twists and turns and drops Dean to his knees on the cold, slightly damp floor of the room with the doors.
Cas had frowned at him, the two of them sitting on opposite hotel beds, but Dean hadn't elaborated. Cas had gotten the idea, as Dean smiled to himself, that it was a joke he wouldn't understand.
Sam likes Charlie, of course, but she's much more Dean's friend than his. Sometimes, Sam looks at the contacts in his phone and wonders how that happened - how pretty much everyone in his life, except Eileen and maybe Jack, has a closer relationship with his brother. Sam doesn't begrudge Dean that, except that Dean can't see it. He stubbornly refuses to accept what he means to people, still stuck somewhere in their childhood when Sam was the baby, the one their dad and all his hunter friends seemed to prefer. Sam can see that, looking back, how messed up their whole dynamic was. He knows the thing he has with Dean is dangerously codependent, something zealous and unstable. Their relationship is unreasonable. Unreasonable love, unreasonable forgiveness. And it's still the healthier type of family bond Sam knows.
Hank smiles a little and settles back in his chair. “Sure, hit me.”
It had been after Sam got his soul back, after the worst of his hallucinations. And Dean just… he was trying to reassure himself that his own soul was mostly functional. He'd wanted to ask Cas to check, but Cas had been broken then too.
"I'm sorry,
"Cas!" Older Dean yells, then swears, gripping his hair in his hands momentarily. "Stubborn idiot."
"It wasn't your fault, Dean." Sam is suddenly so tired. It's past four in the morning and Sam is thirty-seven years old, and he knows that he's not going to be able to get back to sleep at this point, but he's so tired. He's so tired of trying to convince Dean that not everything that happens to Sam is Dean's responsibility. Dad put that on Dean and he's never put it back down.
His voice has changed dramatically too, more so than Sam's. It's like somewhere along the way he swallowed some gravel or… or maybe screamed himself hoarse enough that he never fully recovered.
Somewhere between walking a couple of the girls to their cars when they get off at 4:00 AM, fixing a coworker’s stalled-out car engine in the hospital parking lot, and his taste in classic rock, Dean gets nicknamed “dad” and sometimes “gramps.” He pretends to hate it.
"It's Shakespeare, Dean. So, I said yes. I took her scythe and I became Death. And then I waited for Jack to come bust me out."
Dean chokes, squirms, tries to gasp.
"Dean-"
Dean punches the nearest wall, just once, in a burst of sudden rage that vanishes as quickly as it came. His knuckles sting but the skin remains intact. The dull bloodless ache expands from his knuckles into his chest and looks around automatically for the nearest thing to distract him. But Dean's hit the fourth stage depression, if he wasn't there already, and there's nothing left. No more looking, no more spells, no more wild goose chases after straw leads.
Dean shuts his eyes. "Yeah," he murmurs and just that one breath of a word comes out broken. It's basically admitting it, basically laying his last fucking card on the table, and so what if Cas isn't actually around to see it?
by Mumford and Sons.
Eileen looks over at Dean and lowers her sunglasses so that he can see the twinkle in her eye. A swell of unprecedented happiness hits Dean, rising in his stomach and suffusing his chest with a strange warmth that almost matches the heat on his skin. Cas is beckoning from the water, hair plastered around his ears and sticking up in odd directions. Dean’s family is here, safe and alive and loving him and each other. His anxiety that something is about to happen is still there, but it isn’t enough to smother this bright flare of joy.
And then he’s just… gone.
at me, man?"
Dean lets himself smile a little at that. "Yeah, I'll bet. Hey, have I made you watch Star Wars yet?"
Bobby snorts. "If Sam didn't already know, he's a bigger idjit than you." Bobby pats the stool beside him and Dean clambers to his feet, tossing the rag onto the creeper and joining him. Bobby hands him a second cup of coffee and Dean wraps his hands around the mug, the warmth of it welcoming in the chill morning air.
there. He's in everything.
"Well. Um." Sam looks over at Cas who has gone back to his pile of reading, having politely declined the food. Cas is very obviously pretending not to notice Sam's glance for help.
want, Dean?"
There's a small shuffling noise and Sam lifts his head from his knees. He forgot, in the abrupt waking, the familiar fear, about younger Dean, but this other, pre-hell version of his brother is standing a few steps back down the hall, his own gun clutched in his hands, looking confused and half-asleep. His short hair is adorably ruffled, and in the too-big gray t-shirt and black sweatpants Sam found for him he looks so incredibly young and soft. Sam loves him for it. He would give anything to be able to get his Dean some of that softness back.
Dean doesn't know when Cas takes his hand - or, maybe more likely at this point, if Dean reached for him. He just realizes slowly, then in a blink of surprise, that his fingers are between Cas' fingers, gripping his hand hard, and Cas is gripping back, giving him pressure, giving him something to hold on to.
The tension breaks somewhat in the third month, in the sense that Dean and Sam get into a lot of fights. It starts with something stupid - Sam moves things around in the kitchen, maybe, or Dean doesn’t take his laundry out of the dryer right away. Something of that caliber. It turns quickly, the spark of petty resentment lighting up the arid plains of their past. The bunker has become a pressure cooker without the distraction of external threat, turning all that anxiety and undirected adrenaline inward. It escalates into Dean and Sam standing two feet apart yelling - actually yelling - at each other outside the garage door.
"Well, buddy, you ready to learn some more uncomfortable truths then?" Dean claps his hands together. He can hear how hollow his bravado sounds, but Cas doesn't call him on it.
Dean puts his arm around this strange older version of his baby brother, an odd feeling that he can't describe twisting in his gut. The last time he saw Sam, he was eighteen and storming out into the night, leaving Dean behind with only the shreds of a family left to him. The last thing Sam had said to his face was to tell Dean that he was a pushover and a coward, yelling at Dean to think for himself, accusing him of only ever following blindly in dad's footsteps. And the last thing Dean had said to Sam… Well. He's pretty sure it was yelling back that Sam was selfish, that you didn't walk out on family. Something like that.
“Got it,” Sam says, turning back to the front. He’s holding dad’s journal. “Yep. Like I thought, it sounds like you’ve got a chimera. We dealt with one a few years back, and our dad did too, ages ago. You’re gonna want to go with a good old beheading. And Garth? It sounds like it’s already infecting people. Try to get it quick.”
"I don't think so." Sam sighs. He would have preferred a shield - or a full body of armor, or a nice wood-panelled room he could lock his brothers in for a while to keep them safe.
"Pretty much perpetually, yeah," Sam had said without thinking.
And there’s that old taunt, that
Cas nevertheless swipes his fork into the pie in Dean's lap. Dean thinks about protesting, but the dude bought him three pieces of pie just because he knows it's what Dean likes, and it's been a long time since Dean had anyone to share things with.
Sam can't tell Dean he loves him, but he does. Of course he does. And here he is in duplicate - the Dean who Sam has always and will always love, and the Dean who first reunited them as adults. This person who was always everything to Sam. Brother, partner, father. Mom, too, but Dean would probably knock his teeth out if Sam ever said that out loud.
And that of course had broken Cas in turn, their mutual orgasm as improbable as anything else about the situation, Cas panting above and Dean with his head tipped back, fingers and toes curling below.
Dean felt his own tears brimming up and he nodded, unable to speak at all.
"Look, Dean. Don't you think we should -"
Which works like this: take a simple fact someone believes in like the concept of an "alpha" wolf, and present them with the evidence that this idea was based on false observations made of wolves in captivity and that in the wild, wolves tend to have social structures that follow a family dynamic. For most people, this won't be a problem to believe. It's a little adjustment to their worldview, a new fun fact to whip out as the local pedant at their next cocktail party. No harm done.
Dean’s driving down the long highway, windows down, stereo turned up, when he sees a figure on the horizon, just at the line where the black road meets the blue sky. He’d recognize that silhouette anywhere and he grins, easing up on the gas as he approaches and pulls off to the side. It’s not like there are other cars coming along, but this too is habit.
Because sure. Neither of them wants to be replaced.
, or whatever, but there anything you think you want to try?"
The more he thinks about it, the more it grows exponentially, until the shadows of this truth crowd out everything else.
"It's mine," Cas says, perfectly neutral. "I don't see what's wrong with it. She has a lovely voice."
Cas shakes his head, finally tearing his gaze from Dean to level that intense look at older Dean. "No. He's definitely you. I don't know how Crowley did it, but…"
He pulls his face unwillingly away from Cas' chest and looks up into his best friend's crinkled blue eyes.
"I understand," Cas says, which is kind of the worst thing he could say. "It's okay."
Cas blinks, looks at Sam quizzically as if his actions are obvious. "I don't normally sleep, but I understand that it's customary not to wear one's outer clothes in bed. When I go under, I will be as unconscious as Dean. So. I didn't want to be rude and wear shoes to his bed."
Everyone knew that he’d been to Hell, been through Hell. If he woke up gasping from nightmares about it, that was something he could explain. It was something people would get. Dean isn’t okay with what happened there. He’ll never be okay with it. But the point is that it happened, and those forty years exist in a space in his head reserved especially for them. Hell was Hell, and life was life. He can compartmentalize.
Dean lies across the width of his bed, feet on the floor and puts on his headphones. That's how Sam finds him sometime later, when he comes upstairs with the binder and a weird look on his face. At first, as Dean pulls the headphones off and cuts the cord on AC/DC, he thinks the look on Sam's face is because Miracle is flopped across Dean's bed too.
It's the explosion, the smell of kerosene, when Ellen and Jo died.
“One day,” Cas murmured, his voice catching a little in his throat. “I would like to have kissed every one of your freckles.”
That much is obvious. Dean is a little afraid to ask what it is that's made both of them look like they've lived through the end of the world. Because hell, maybe they have.
Dean keeps coming back to that same thought, the one that has been wearing on him since he first had it, rubbing against it in the back of his mind with an insistence that he simply cannot turn off.
This is because, Dean realizes a moment later, his face has just been coated in a thick sheen of blood. The vampire's head goes rolling across the floor, the trunk of his neck falling heavily, wetly, onto Dean's chest. He struggles instinctively beneath the weight, blinking crimson out of his eyes and spitting blood out of his mouth.
Sam turns and breaks into an incredulous grin. Cas is standing in the doorway, same trench coat, same tie, looking for all the world like the last time Sam saw him.
Dean had no right to put this on Jack. Because that’s what sacrifice does, Sam has realized. It took him a long time to get there, to understand that the burden of having someone die for you was a weight that belonged to the living. Mourning belongs to the living.
He wasn't tired. He was jittery and needy.
“You gonna be okay?” Sam asks, like he knows what Dean’s thinking.
One of Sam's ludicrously large hands pats him on the back a few times. "You're a wreck, Dean. Don't tell me this is all about your internalized homophobia."
Cas gives him a distracted smile, still engaged with his screen. "Thank you."
Dean sometimes looks at Cas and thinks
"Okay?" He says gruffly. It comes out too rough, but Cas is smiling at him, looking at him the way he had when he'd told Dean he was his one true happiness.
Or it's like the first time Dean saw the sunset over the west coast, the purple-red-pink-orange splashed out across the horizon and reflected on the water. Dean had been seventeen and he would never have admitted it but it had been so singularly beautiful that he'd shed a tear.
"Did he take the bastard down with him?" Dean turns his face away and rubs his nose before he makes himself look back at Sam. Sam is staring off into the distance, frowning faintly.
Dean's eyes are burning.
"We should probably head back soon," Cas says, and Dean thinks he sounds almost regretful. "Sam worries."
Dean opens his eyes, and Cas is there, right in his personal space, his eyes made of light, looking like self-destruction. Dean's head isn't right, he's in the space behind the fifth door even though they've stepped out of it. He's already running through what it's going to show him, and it makes him feel crazy, desperate. He'd do anything, absolutely anything, to feel anything else.
The consensus is chili, and Dean feels warm and quietly pleased that everyone stays in the kitchen, keeping him in the conversation while he cooks. He tries his best to talk Jack through what he’s doing and he thinks they make a little headway on the cornbread.
“Dean…” Cas’ voice breaks for the first time. “Just talk to me.”
Dean has run out of reasons to deny him. He doesn't know why he feels so stubborn about it, except that pain is a consequence, one of his first teachers. It feels like cheating to erase something like this, especially something that's not going to kill him or anything.
Dean flips his phone over and over in his hands. He got a sudden rush of anxiety an hour or so ago - filled with the need to get up and drive to Fort Collins to check on his little brother. He gets that urge a couple of times a month now, which is admittedly down from the first year they spent apart. He’s only indulged it twice - once at the very beginning of their separation and once six months after Jude was born.
It crests like a wave, rolling up and up and up until he is spilling saltwater. He doesn't know it's coming until it does, letting out a soft breath as the first tear rolls all the way down his cheek. He clenches his jaw, screws his eyes shut and tries to breathe through it like pain.
It scares Dean, what he's willing to do for his family.
When Dean finally got out of the car and went into the seedy motel room he'd booked at the beginning of the hunt, John Winchester was sitting on the edge of the bed.
“No,” Dean and older Dean say at the same time.
Cas follows him out into the hall. "You're limping," he observed, eyebrows drawn together. "Are you hurt?"
But Dean was sleepy and warm and still feeling vulnerable in a way that didn't exactly feel
Younger Dean's eyes flick away for a moment, but he doesn't lose his smile.
Content Warnings in end notes
Dean moves out of the way, taking the long way around the kitchen island to avoid directly crossing paths with his younger self. Maybe it's the antagonism in his heart, or maybe it's just every sci-fi movie he's ever seen telling him not to interact with himself in his own timeline.
"I mean, you're here in Kansas with me, future me, obviously hunting. I get it's been a long time for you, but you and me, we ain't exactly talking at the moment. You're supposed to be at Stanford, becoming some fancy lawyer or something and forgetting all about us."
“Do you want to talk about it?”
"Sigmund is his rescue lobster."
Chapter content warnings: brief allusion to past trauma, reference to past childhood emotional abuse and neglect, suspense, mild ableist language
Cas shakes his head again. His grace is still bleeding out of him, that warm glow holding younger Dean together, futile and fleeting as it might be. "You should have gotten more time. You should not have done this for me."
For once, Sam lets him have the silence. They're working through it; alone, but together. Sam thinks about all of the things he should have said to Eileen. He admired her, more than he’d really wanted to let himself understand. He thinks about Jack, the kid -
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
written for him, and yet here he is, here
The name of fish isn't just meaningless categorization - it's binding limitation. It's stifling inaccuracy, all for the sake of a story humans tell themselves, because it's easier to look at the roughly similar shapes of fish than to peer into the diversity that lurks beneath the waves.
A sixteen-year-old Dean is leaning against the trunk of the Impala, twisting his hands together. He’s filled out a little in the last two years. He’s still too pretty for a hunter, but his jawline is sharp and has a little stubble, his shoulders broader, his muscles bigger. His hair is cropped short, normally it’s mussed in the front with gel, but it’s clear this Dean hasn’t showered in a few days and his hair is lank and greasy. There are shadows under his eyes. The sun in this place has given him more freckles than usual. They stand out on his face and hands, little constellations from spending so much time outside the last few days, searching.
"I'm always nice, Sammy."
The days go by in their ineffable way. Dean fixes things around the house, mows his lawn, and finds that he never gets tired of looking at the mountains and trees.
"So don't erase it," Cas says, and he thinks some exasperation has spilled into his tone because Dean looks at him again as the memory shifts. "Why do you have to erase the bad in order for the good to matter? Why does it never go the other way for you? Don't you think that maybe, just maybe, all that guilt you carry around on your shoulders is a sign of how much you
Older Dean and Sam found out about Adam years after John's death, but dad is still very much alive to Dean, even if they aren't in the same timeline anymore. Dean can't imagine facing his father after this. He's not going to have to, probably, but there's still a chance he gets dragged back there.
Cas is, outside his vessel, a being of light, and blue is just light refracted in a way so rare in nature that a whole civilization never put a word to it. Cas' eyes are light,
"He didn't say anything to me or anything, but dad noticed, and he knew I'd noticed, and I didn't do anything. Like, you know, I didn't go confront the guy or threaten to kick his ass or whatever. And dad thought that was weird, said if it'd been him he woulda clocked the guy. And he clearly thought, y'know…" Dean waves a hand vaguely.
“Hi,” Cas answered, lowering his book cautiously.
"I don't suppose we have any idea what the Trojan horse was made of, do we?"
The first time Dean realized it in a way that he could process was on his knees in a crypt, his voice breaking as he tried to reach Cas.
John would never, ever have touched Dean like that. But he'd groomed him for it all the same.
Sam wipes his hands on his ridiculous apron - which has pockets, Dean notices - and shrugs. “Maybe like fifteen minutes? Zach and Esther will be over soon with Davey. If Jude can get some energy out before then, so much the better.”
Sam nods, catching his eye and holding contact. “Survival first.”
John is sitting at the kitchen table, flipping through pages in his journal and a newspaper, looking for cases.
It’s not a conscious decision, really. It’s more like the culmination of so many years spent burying this thing that is now open and alive between them.
But sure, they're fine.
*feverishly sends to the writers and/or network* SEE THAT WASN'T SO HARD NOW WAS IT
Not taking his eyes off them, Dean reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out the knife with the silver blade. He cuts his own arm first, then trades Sam for the holy water, even though Sam hasn't asked him for proof.
“Yeah. I noticed.” Dean looks down at his hands. He’s never talked to anyone about this. Never. He can feel his heart pounding. He can't even be mad at Sam, not when they both know he can't possibly talk about this with his brother.
Cas shrugs again, running a finger absently down the open pages in his lap. "When it's quiet. We're often fairly occupied with cases, so I do stakeouts or attend to other things so Sam and Dean can rest. Or I watch over them, when they let me."
"You talk about God like He's some douchebag, but, like, isn't there some point to all of this? I mean, even if we did kinda topple the whole divine plan thing at the apocalypse. Couldn't there still be some, I don't know, some kind of greater purpose or whatever?"
"You don't think it's a stupid name for a bar?"
, the way Crowley still looks at Dean sometimes like he’s thinking about what’s underneath all those layers. What happens between demons stays between demons.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well," Dean said, executing a one handed and highly illegal U-turn there in the middle of the empty New Mexico highway. "Guess we came all this way for nothing."
When Dean pulls off the highway and gets out of the Impala, Cas is still standing in his slightly unnatural stillness, waiting for him. Dean sweeps him up in a hug, squeezing him hard, feeling Cas return the pressure.
. I remember changing Sam’s diapers and making sure he was fed and… I mean, how the fuck did I do that? How did dad let me do that? I don’t remember ever being that small, but I must have been. Right? I remember starting to think there was something wrong with me that I couldn’t keep up, that I couldn’t be what my dad needed me to be. I felt like I was failing all the time, ‘cause I couldn’t handle this responsibility of being an older brother. But. But… Jude’s so small.” Dean gives up and puts his face in his hands. He lets his shoulders heave once, drawing in a ragged breath.
"Because I'm gonna cook you dinner. What the hell is that?"
"I don't…" Dean feels that terrible empty pit in his stomach that might, if he could be honest with himself for one goddamn second, be his version of panic. "What, did Cas talk to you about us?"
"Trust me. I spent an entire year imagining it, and I never came close to the truth of it."
"That's not the saying. It's 'Idle hands are the devil's workshop.' Which I doubt is true in Heaven."
“What?” Dean looks at Hank’s calm face, with his soldier’s posture and a lifetime of other people’s worries set in the wrinkles on his forehead. Dean doesn’t find it easy to talk, but he thinks Hank is the kind of person who is generally easy to talk to. Dean has come to the conclusion that therapy is a bit like confession - a realization that helped him in some small way. His therapist might not be a priest, and he might not be granted holy absolution, but all these painful admissions do feel something like purging his sins.
Cas turns back to him, smiling. “More than I ever would have predicted before I fell.”
Sam's long fingers tap against his jeans. "Eileen and I have been talking for a while now about what happens next, you know. I think… I mean, uh." Sam clears his throat and glances down at the unfinished concrete of the garage floor.
"Dean," Cas said. "I can't… Here."
"Of course you didn't."
“So anyway, Clesus says ‘no, thanks,’ to the king, and he gets pissy and has one of his soldiers cut Clesus’ throat. Xerodicus finds him dying in the woods and has a very sad soliloquy. And then Xero goes crazy, dips a bunch of his arrows in Clesus’ blood, and massacres half the king’s army, the king, his daughters, and all the king’s servants. He’s standing there, with the pavements running red with blood, when Apollo finds him and sees what he’s done.
“I suppose I did brand you, didn’t I?” Cas whispered against Dean’s skin. “I meant to claim you as Heaven’s, the mark on all souls who have been saved. I did not think to claim you as mine.” Cas kissed up Dean’s shoulder to the curve of his neck where Dean’s head was turned to the other side. “Even if the moment I touched your soul, I knew.” Cas rested his face in the soft skin of Dean’s neck, inhaling the smell of him - that gunpowder-whiskey-leather smell of home. “I will not say you are mine if you do not want to be, Dean. But I touched your soul, and it was… You were the most singular point of being in the universe, everything collapsed in on itself into this point of light. I saw you and I knew… I was an angel of Heaven, Dean, and I had never known the sort faith stitched into your soul. Your unyielding love. It was blinding and unbearable. I thought that looking at you must be something like what other beings feel when they look at an angel’s true form. Only instead of burning, you…” Cas’s breath hitched against Dean’s neck. He was still caressing Dean’s other shoulder with his right hand, his left slotted against the proof that he had once touched the raw soul of Dean Winchester, runaway savior of Heaven. “You unmade me. Slowly, I think, and then all at once. From the moment I touched your soul, I think some part of me came undone for you.”
Cas wanted to reach for Dean, tug him in, but his hands suddenly felt like weapons.
"Hm," Cas says. "How about Trust? Less dumb, less ass."
Dean raises a hand. “Don’t.”
Which was probably why when someone laughed lightly behind him and said “Hey, green eyes,” he’d turned around with a grin already on his face.
"I'd like to look after you tonight. Will you let me do that? Take care of you?"
"It was the first time I came close to disobeying. The first time in the millenia of my life, Dean. And all because I believed you. Because I did not want to see you hurt. You made me feel something was wrong, gave me something other than my orders to care about. And I wanted… I remember that I wanted you to know I wasn't a mindless hammer. I wanted you to know I was more than a soldier of Heaven. That had never mattered before.
Dean has no illusions about happily ever after, that's not what life is about, but he does believe that they all deserve to live.
Dean takes his beer and heads up to the library. He figures he might as well get a jump on learning the lore while he’s here. Bobby would have killed to have access to all those books. Dean’s not Bobby or Sam, but it’s not like he doesn’t read. He just likes other things too, that’s all.
It’s not…
There's one thing keeping him upright, one thing that he thinks maybe this sadistic fucking spell didn't account for, something that it left out of the memories on purpose:
“Yeah. Well.”
It was the first time Dean had kissed a boy - the first time he’d actually wanted to, anyway, the first guy who wasn’t at least twice his age.
"Hey, no biggie," Dean says, because he can't hide this one from Sammy, can't say it happened on a hunt or that he tripped or walked into a door. He's used all those excuses and more over the years, but Sam knows more than he should.
Cas has got to be in his mid-forties, at least in appearance. He's an angel - an actual celestial being with the power to time travel, wipe memories, and put people to sleep. Dean's willing to bet there's a hell of a lot more that his grace can do. He's kind of weird, but clearly smart. Clearly capable in a fight or he wouldn't be around.
Nearly an hour later, finally coming down a little, Dean had whispered  “You said I didn’t have to be yours.”
“Don’t go,” Dean said, voice low and a little broken.
"So that's how it's gonna be?" John snaps. "You're just going to walk out like it's nothing."
Cas kissed the back of his neck, then lower over his spine. He spread his hands over the arches of Dean’s shoulders and told him how they reminded him of cathedrals. He rubbed the knobs of his spine, told Dean it was like the pillars of a coliseum, pressed out the knots beneath his right shoulder blade. He told Dean how he could trace the curve of canyons into the graceful slope of his lower back.
"Oh," Dean says. It's softer this time.
He's so tired of being left.
Cas still looked a little nervous, but he had resumed stroking Dean's hair.
Back on earth, Sam has just had a son. Dean cried and laughed and cried some more to watch his baby brother become a father. To hear them name the boy "Dean". It damn near broke his heart.
"Oh," Dean says.
"Yeah. Take your time with that."
But this…
Dean grins. "Come on in, let me show you around the place."
“You can have this, Dean.” Cas’ face is soft, blue eyes dark but still intense in the firelight. “You’re here now.”
No one says it, but they're all sort of waiting for things to go sideways. Waiting for the Big Bad to show up, for the end of the world, for this all to turn out to be another fucking cosmic joke.
No one is supposed to know about this shit. No one is supposed to know, because if he'd ever talked about it, if he'd ever told anyone, then at least one other person would know:
Cas, it turns out, reacts to their bruised faces with stony silence and a jaw clenched so tight that it looks like it will need to be pried open. His eyes are full of what Dean can only describe as wrath. He understands, looking at the flashing anger in those blue eyes, that Cas is still very much an angel.
Sometimes, in the bitterest, unguarded part of Dean's head, he can't help blaming John. For leaving them with strangers, for not taking into account how much growing boys eat, for only ever seeing the job and not the sons he was neglecting. For making Dean into a parent without giving him the tools to take care of Sammy.
"Whoa, hey, Dr. Phil." Dean puts his hands up and backs out of Cas' space. "None of that crap. I'm fine. I'll do it. I just didn't realize the time lapse, okay?"
“Dean.” Cas turns the chair out so that he’s facing Dean full on. “Don’t. There is nothing impure about your soul.”
Dean claps a hand to his brother's shoulder, and Sam startles a little. "I know, Sammy. I'm just… being reminded of who I… who we used to be, before everything, it messes with my head, you know? But I'm okay. I'm fine. I'm just gonna go for a drive, pick up Crowley's stupid summoning fruit, and then I'll help research. Okay?"
Dean let out a little choked sob against Cas’ skin. He was still shaking. He didn’t stop trembling for a long time, and Cas just held him through it, told him again that he was beautiful and good, that he deserved good things, that he was wanted.
“Okay,” Dean says, turning his head up to the big blue sky above them. It’s hot as hell, even in this memory-scape. “I get it, okay? What do you want me to say? I didn’t deserve to get beat up? Fine, I get it. Next issue, please.”
Younger Dean holds his gaze, a little defiant, a little quizzical. "Yeah, I get you," he says.
“Uh, Cas?”
Charlie's laugh is delightful, even through the phone. "Calling in the gay reinforcements, Sam? Sure. I'd love to meet young Dean. I just want to sit him down and make him watch 20 hours of "It Gets Better" videos, you know?"
“Huh. Does this look familiar to you?”
“Uh… I… Okay. Thanks,” Dean says weakly.
"I won't betray your secrets, Dean."
And that’s just it. That’s the thing.
Cas felt such an immense warmth in his chest and stomach, such an absurd affection for this one stubborn, reckless man.
There is, additionally, the fact that Dean doesn’t want to talk about all of this at all. At least, he’s pretty sure he doesn’t. What is there to say, really?
"Is that y'all's kid?"
"That's-"
Sam shakes his head, smiling a little. "He really does grow on you."
Content warnings in end notes.
Dean scowls at him. "Nothing. I don't know what you're talking about."
He's just not going to do it.
Sam had given Dean that look of his, the one that meant he thought Dean was a little crazy. “I mean, yeah, I know. You’ve told me that. But, dude, I don’t remember that. I just remember you singing it to me.”
Dean finds nothing in the notes that seems of particular interest. There are a number of what seem to be mathematical equations that he doesn't understand scribbled on scratch paper next to Sam's laptop with the words
“Burned up in the use of it. Always so poetic, don’t you think?” Crowley picks his deer head back up, leaving behind a smear of blood on the floor. “I got it off a witch sometime in, oh, 17th century France or so. I believe it’s called a Promethean disc in certain Wiccan circles, although the irony there is not lost on me.” Crowley looks between each of them in turn, and Dean could swear his eyes are twinkling. “My, my, but you went and got fond of him, didn’t you? What an excruciating moral conundrum ahead of you then.”
"I - that's not - that's a different conversation." Dean's fingers tapped nervously against his own thighs. Cas reached out and stilled his hands.
I will leave it up to you if you want to check the (spoilery) Content Warnings in end notes. Suffice it to say, Dean is in a pretty Bad Place and he does some pretty Bad Things.
Dean sits up, pulls away from Cas' touch. He stands.
Younger Dean smiles a little. His eyes seem to be having a hard time focusing. "Can't help it. Bit stupid for you too, turns out."
But Sam hasn't gone barging in on their sexscapades, because it should be Dean's choice even if he is an idiot, and because Sam worries that all it would do is make Dean ashamed and defensive and insist that it doesn't mean anything.
The problem is that Cas knows him. Dean thinks Cas could probably take him apart faster than Dean can disassemble an engine. That's a kind of power no one outside of Sam and John has ever had over him before. Well, Bobby too, maybe.
he recites. "I don't know. I suppose this is all still a demon of your own making? Perhaps you'll do something… foolish."
"The hell are you reading that for?" John had been sober, but he was tired and limping, still sporting traces of dirt and blood on his clothes as he leaned imposingly over his son.
Dean's not sure how to feel about clearly being with another guy, but he finds himself half-hoping it's true. He doesn't… he just doesn't want to be this lonely forever.
“Yeah, but it’s… I’m going to need your help.”
Sam looks up from his long list of numbers. "Did anyone tell Jack about, um, the situation?"
"And no offense or anything, but what use could I possibly be in Greece or Turkey or wherever?"
"Dumbass?" Dean supplies patiently.
"Mmph," Cas grumbles from the floor. "I am older than the human conceptualization of intelligence. Have you considered that my choices may be more calculated than yours?"
Chapter Content Warnings: canon character death (Billie), mild self-blame
Cas is glowing a little bit. Like Dean can see his grace here.
Sam’s smile is fond this time too. They’re all sort of paternal and weird about Jack. “He would. We should have thought of that.”
“I’m being
Jack clenches and unclenches his fingers on the table. "Yeah. A little."
things. I had too strong of loyalties. I couldn't let anything just
"Yeah," Sam says. "Yeah. Let's do that. Although maybe, like, tea for me."
Only Sam and people like Garth can make it through any other way. Dean doesn't need Sam's judgement or worry over his breakfast whiskey or midmorning beer or whatever. It's not like he's even getting drunk, he just… it just helps.
Sam searches his face, and Dean doesn't have a clue what he's looking for, so he just raises his eyebrows at him and crosses his arms, waiting.
Dean assembles the ingredients in the little golden bowl - the preserved fruit, the skull of a black cat, the left wing bones of a baby dove, and a few other nasty things, including a drop of Dean’s own blood as the summoner.
In bed that night, just looking at each other, Dean said “Tell me something you’ve never told anyone else.”
“Well, because… We can’t just drop the job and - and go on, like, vacation.” Dean knows as he says it that this isn’t even a real argument. They’ve looked half-heartedly into lore about God as Not-Jack seems to be manifested now, but there isn’t much out there and no one is sure what they’re really trying to find. So far, it doesn’t seem like anything they should be stopping, but old habits engrained through multiple apocalypses die hard.
Dean fishes the third of a bottle of whiskey out from under his bed. He’d already been well on his way to being a functional alcoholic by the time he’d gone to collect Sam at Stanford at the age of twenty-six, but yeah, the drinking definitely got worse after he crawled out of that grave. He still thinks about the heat of that sun sometimes, the feeling of gravedirt on his skin and the unbearable thirst in his throat.
“You can’t make me watch an
Sam doesn't hate John. It's not that simple. Sometimes he gets so furious thinking about the way they grew up, furious with all of it, but he knows that his dad was messed up. He wasn't in a place to be taking care of children, and maybe it would have been better if he'd dumped them altogether, left Sam and Dean with Missouri or Pastor Jim or Bobby and hit the road. But he'd tried instead. He'd failed, yeah, Sam is perfectly willing to point that out, but he had tried. He'd cared, even if the ways he showed it weren't healthy. And John
The thing between them is tender. That First Corinthians kind of love.
, that he is maybe even holy in Cas' eyes, and Dean wants to run away from it as much as he wants to lean into it. He thinks Cas might touch him with as much reverence as he has for these fucking trees, if Dean let him.
Content warnings in end notes.
“Do you ever have thoughts about threatening or hurting others?”
"Oh for fuck's sake," Dean says, because he hasn't even dried his damn tears. He grabs Cas by the arm and pulls the seventh and final door open. They are out of time.
Cassie is wearing a white button-down shirt tucked into her blue jeans and she's got on brown cowboy boots that ride halfway up to her knees. Her curly natural hair is loose around her shoulders and she's grinning where she leans forward against the fence, the golden light of sunset shining in her eyes.
Dean puts a hand up to one of Cas’, closing his eyes and breathing in deep. He thinks about pressing - he’s pretty sure Cas would give in to him. He’s pretty sure Cas is so soft for Dean, for any version of him, that it wouldn’t take much at all. He’s pretty sure if he opened his mouth and said, “Well, it might be my last couple nights on earth, Cas. You’re not gonna ask me what I wanna do?” that he could get Cas in bed with him.
It's been different, with this one.
“I dunno. What are you reading?”
Dean slumps into one of the chairs in Hank’s office the Wednesday after they return from Arizona, hands already fidgeting.
Cas had closed his eyes and swallowed, his nose buried in Dean’s hair. “No. Of course not.”
Jack rushes over to lean against the rail, his breath fogging up the cold glass of the enclosure and Dean can’t help grinning. Jack may be in the body of a twenty-seven year-old, but it’s clear he’s lacking on life experiences.
“You never should have… That never should have happened to you. Whatever…. Whatever happened, you know it’s not your fault, right?”
"Normally store lobsters die pretty quick, but Sigmund's been thriving, to be fair."
So now-Dean knows that this cabin in Montana where an eighteen-year-old Dean is lounging on the old tan couch is not going to be about the sex work. He hates this place, this spell. It isn't fair. Dean shouldn't have to watch this. He shouldn't have to watch this with Cas standing next to him.
And Dean, who has been made aware by this point just how pretty he is, gets it. "Hey, man," he says, taking a step back and holding up his hand. "I'm not-"
"I'll explain later. Just need you to know."
“I told Cas,” Dean says finally. It feels strange to admit, even after everything else.
The surface of a thing is not its only boundary. The image of a thing is not the thing itself.
Dean swallows. He thinks if he talks about it while Cas is holding him like this, holding him together, he might cry, and he really doesn't need that right now.
"We need to stop on the way back to pick up food for Sigmund. I'm looking for a suitable place along our route."
By the time Dean was sixteen, he and Sam - well, mostly Sam - had figured out how to run strings of credit card scams. He'd mostly stopped doing any sex work after that, unless he really needed cash, keeping the option filed away carefully as one of his many contingency plans.
They cook together, all three of them, and it’s weirdly nice. It feels frikkin’ domestic. It’s the first time Dean can remember really cooking with another person. Sam doesn’t count, because he was more of a hindrance than a help really, and he kinda remembers baking cookies or something with mom, but the memory is blurry and mostly just a sense of pride and the smell of ginger.
"Dammit, Sam!" Dean bangs his fist against the door again. The frame rattles. "There's nothing to talk about. We're all probably going to be dead or vanished in hours, so just… What's the point? We just go on and do what we always do. Hell, we've all died so many times at this point, what is there left to say about it?"
Dean dug his lighter out of his pocket and held it for the guy, who cupped his hands around the flame and took a long pull on his cigarette.
"Please just… be nice," Sam says in a low voice.
“Do you get to spend much time with your nephew?”
"Okay, snipe at each other later," Sam says as older Dean opens his mouth to retort. "Cas, what's the word?"
Sam is making good time on the road, Utah being more or less a straight shot on Route 80, when he hits an unexpected hold up just before Brady. Traffic has come to a near standstill around an accident, and it’s only then that Sam gets bored enough to open up Dean’s tape collection.
Dean puts the book down, picks it back up. How could he know? No one knows. That's not… it's not…
, he really has, to say stuff like this when he thinks it. It's hard, his impulse is still to shove any of that sweetness down, but he can see how much Cas glows with it and Dean wants to be someone who can be affectionate without hating himself. If nothing else, Cas deserves that. "We're gonna make it a home."
Dean had plugged in his phone and put the music app on shuffle while he cooked them dinner. It was the lowest quality sound and definitely not how music was supposed to be heard, but Dean had gotten spoiled with his vinyl back at the bunker and he liked having something on in the background while he cooked.
“Well,” Cas said, thinking hard. “I suppose there was the Cretaceous Period. I’m not saying it was boring, but the first ten or twenty million years did seem to drag by.”
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose, tilting his head back and gazing up at that high, dark ceiling.
Dean drives a little ways out from the bunker, still in the heart of Kansas, to this little copse of trees off a backroad. There's a strip of grass out there that is green and dotted with wildflowers, buzzing with spring and insects.
Sam turns around on the stairs and grins at him, weary face lightened for a moment in his curious amusement. "Was it really? I didn't know that."
Dean has two short texts from Sam. The first says
“But… He’s not a random person,” Jack says, gesturing at Dean. “He’s you. And why not, anyway? Shouldn’t ‘computer hacker’ be the secret, if anything? It’s not like it’s a bad thing.”
Older Dean laughs, bitter and caustic. “Ain’t got a lot of room on that high horse to talk about martyrdom, Cas.”
Dean can put two and two together. He knows about getting trapped in one's own head, about African dream root and Djinns and all the other crap that likes to go waltzing through the tulips of the mind.
"You telling me you won't follow an order, boy?" John asks. It's his most dangerous voice. Dean shifts on his feet. He hates this, hates Sam and dad fighting. They've had some pretty spectacular blow-outs over the last couple of years, and every time, Dean has been terrified what it will come down to, how it will end. He's been dreading the day he's not there to get between them, if he's not around to diffuse the situation, to talk Sam down or let John take it out on him. But this time… Dean doesn't know how to conflict-counsel his way out of this one.
"What was she?" Cas asks. "The woman."
The waitress smiles at him, not flirting, just amused. "You planning on a sugar coma there, sweetheart?" she says, and there's a bit of a twang to her accent.
“A hundred years is a long time to hang around without flying off the rails,” Dean admits. “Cas? What do you think?”
"Jesus," young Dean says. He's looking a little less asleep and a little more shaken. He lowers his gun and comes over, sits down next to Sam so that their shoulders brush. "Why aren't we waking him up?"
Younger Dean nods, glancing over her head at Sam.
Cas is standing at the far end of the table, staring at Dean again with his head cocked slightly to the side.
Older Dean smiles. "Wasn't he here last Thursday?"
There’s that car, the same one he kept in his garage all these years, the same one that was the only home he and Dean had ever really known as kids, the thing that most reminded him of his brother.
Dean wonders, distantly, there in Hank's office, whether this was part of Chuck's character development for him too. What were Dean and Sam if not the bible playing out over and over again?
Older Dean goes to the sink and uses his elbow to turn on the faucet, washing his hands thoroughly after touching the raw chicken before he sticks the pan into the oven. “Well, chicken, obviously. And the potatoes and onions are for what I call ‘Heretic Kugel.’” Older Dean grins down at the casserole dish he’s greasing now. “Eileen taught me how to make it.”
Dean has a vague, oozing sort of memory of being carried outside. He's in his own arms, he thinks, which is confusing in the pitching, dizzying blackness inside his skull.
"Not what?"
It had been Cas' idea. The whole thing made Sam uneasy - it felt too biblical, too much like following scripture. Too much like Chuck.
Sam, ever the smug researcher, taps dad's journal. "Look. 'July 19th, 1993. Hunting Chimera in Louisiana.' Blah blah blah. 'August 10th, 1993, culled last of the infected.'"
What the fuck is an Angel of the Lord doing in love with him?
All in all, things weren’t good. One day in early July, dad came back to the motel a few days before schedule, knocking Dean and Sam’s rhythm out of sync. John had started drinking, and Sam had started snapping, and Dean had kicked him out to cool off. John was already worked up though, and he’d started in on Dean. He just stood there and took it, like he always did, struggling more than usual and trying not to show it.
over Dean, again.
“Well, have one with youngling Dean, then. He’ll love it.” Dean sits down on the edge of Sam’s bed, looking around at the dismal lack of personal items. “You really never gonna decorate in here, man?”
Cas isn't coming back.
Dean attacked Cas instead. He grabbed his shoulders, yanked him in hard, mouth and hands all force and ferocious desire. Cas caught on quicker this time, his first muffled noise of surprise against Dean's mouth melting into him, turning to kissing, turning to open mouths and Dean biting Cas' lip, and Cas' tongue pressing a little too eager into him.
"What the hell is pan?" Dean asks scathingly, just to give himself some time.
“I know. And that’s…” Dean can’t quite seem to stop his tears, but he’s holding them back to the slow roll of one or two at a time. “That’s been kind of you, but I -”
Dean turns away from him, looks out at the room. He can still feel Cas' eyes on him. "Stop looking at me, man."
It hits harder than usual. Dean just nods, not breaking eye contact with the carpet.
“Hey, it was in your box,” Sam says, grinning. “Real sweet of you to let your boyfriend pick the music.”
"You mean we might get to keep him?" Charlie sounds a little too chipper about this prospect. "Oh my God. I mean, also
Cas nodded, not quite keeping the relief out of his face. He didn't point out that Dean hadn't had a problem with it the last time, presumably understanding that the bunker didn't count. Cas hesitated a moment, watching Dean traipse back into the kitchen looking for his shirt, before he started pulling on his clothes too.
Anyway, Dean thinks about how he's felt so much shame his whole life. He felt it before he was even sure where it came from, just some deep down surety that he was messed up, unfixable. Ironic, maybe, that he was so sure he was rotten to the core while Heaven was calling him a righteous man with a holy destiny. Funny, that it was Sam who had something unclean about him after all, when he was the purest force of good Dean had ever known.
Dean grabs Cas’ hand and pulls him through the sixth door.
"With being Death?" Cas shakes his head, smiling. "No. No, I won't take your help with this one. This is something I have to do. And…" His gaze goes far again, looking out over the canyon. It feels like the dreams Dean used to have about them together on a pier. "I want to do it. I wasn't a good God, Dean. You know that. I… wanted too much to
Cas nods slowly. He still looks troubled, but that’s par for the course at this point. “I think you could be right. But I don’t think we’re going to be able to call his spirit until the new moon, which means we -”
It's not like there aren't good days.
Dean's hands are still gripping the steering wheel, locked up where his shoulders have gone rigid, and his right foot is pressing the gas pedal all the way to the floor.
Dean had a brother that had been kept from him, a brother who in Dean's timeline was very much alive and well. Hell, for all Dean knows, dad was with Adam while Dean was crashing on Bobby's couch just before he'd been pulled here.
Dean's not exactly reassured by this. He wants to say, too, that he can take care of himself. But, well, what's the point?
Cas had thought that Dean's issues with what they were doing, the way he sometimes couldn't meet Cas' eyes for days afterward, the way he pushed him away, the way he sometimes got surly and mean and picked a fight, were about Dean's father. About what John might have said if he knew. Maybe about Sam as well, although even Cas can see how misplaced that fear is. Sam had caught on to them ages ago, and Cas is pretty sure that on some level at least, Dean knows this.
“I’ll just, uh, let you guys work some things out,” he says, and disappears. Before Dean can do anything other than stare dumbly after him, Sam’s head reappears in the doorway and he is grinning wider than Dean’s seen in a long time. “Glad to have you back,” Sam says, and disappears again. Dean can hear him laughing to himself all the way down the hall, and it’s not quite the soft, delighted laughter from his vision of Sammy, but it’s close. It’s damn close.
me watch all those movies?"
"Cas?" Dean says again, gentle this time.
Dean's relationship with his body, with his face, with the corporeal reality of him, has always been a little fraught. Nothing in recent years has helped. Half the time, it feels like Dean's body isn't really his anyway. Either it's being possessed or occupied or turned by something else, or it's being wanted and used by those things.
Their argument from the car over which animal is the most badass (Dean: lions or wolves; Jack: gorillas; Cas: freakin’ tardigrades, which, once Cas had explained what they were, Dean refused to allow) carries them through the entrance and down to the first exhibit. Jack’s eyes light up when he sees the penguins and he actually bounces a little on his feet. It’s pretty damn adorable.
Sam finished filling in the boxes and turned back to Cas, "Now all we're missing is a picture."
Sam rolled his eyes again, "Whatever, Impala67. So, any new cases?"
Dean was still confused, “Family? Which family? Who?”
Sam mimed zipping his lips, "Not a word, Cas," and quickly rushed out of the room.
"No, Cas, let me finish. I didn't respond 'cause I was scared."
"Dean."
"Uh, sorry. No, no. It's fine. I got it. So, uh, a dating app you said?" Cas tried his best to not seem flustered or conspicuous.
Cas mulled it over, "Alright. I suppose it'll work."
Cas frowned, "Does learning these things change the way you perceive me?"
Castiel nodded.
Dean scratched at the back of his neck, "I mean, not that I wouldn't want that. I know it's sappy, but sure, I'll admit it's nice to daydream about a life where I settle down with someone, sometimes. But Hell, we know that's not in the cards for me. And this app ain't gonna make that happen either. So why dwell on it, right?"
Once he was a good distance away, he stopped and leaned his back up against the wall, letting out a sigh. Sam hadn't really asked for Cas's help, even though he had actually found some spell books. He had just needed an excuse to get away from Dean. Well, no, not Dean. From the activity Dean was currently participating in. It hurt too much. Dean said it was just casual hook ups, but what if he ended up finding someone who was more than that? What if Dean would be lost to him forever? Cas thought that Dean falling in love with someone else was probably worse than losing him to death. At least in death, Cas still had a chance. Which was an unusual thought. But, then again, was that even true? Dean had put that he was searching for women specifically. In the past, Cas thought he had caught Dean looking at men, once or twice, the same way he would "check out" women, but that didn't necessarily mean anything. A man could just admire another man's beauty without it being any more than that. But what about all the times Dean seemed a little more than friendly with Cas? Was that all in his head? Was he just making it out to be what he wanted? He didn't know. And really, there was no point in dwelling on it. He couldn't make Dean be attracted to men if he wasn't. Contrary to what some so-called "devout Christian's" believed, humans did not have any means to rewire a person's sexuality. Yes, a person could deny who they really were, and suppress it, but never truly change it. Letting out another sigh, Cas pushed himself away from the wall and wandered off to find Sam and see if maybe he did actually need some help. At least that way, if Dean brought it up later to Sam, Cas wouldn't be caught in his lie.
