He takes a breath, ready to launch into the tale, but one look at Dean stops him in his tracks. Dean is smirking at him. No, not smirking. He looks like he’s trying not to laugh.
Sam smiles in his sleep and Dean finds himself returning it. He ruffles his little brother’s stupid floppy hair, making sure to brush it out of his face before he turns and leaves the room. Pausing in the hallway, Dean glances at the room across the hall that he’s called his for as long as he can remember. Sighing, he heads back down the stairs, resigned to the fact that this is going to be another sleepless night.
Dean isn’t wrong. Everything has always had a place in Castiel's space. Right now, however, his room is the very definition of disorder. The entire contents of Castiel’s closet is strung across the room. His dresser is empty, some of the drawers left half way open. Small mounds of clothes lie scattered throughout the room, all of them reminiscent of the piles of raked leaves in people yards during the autumn months. Books are piled into unsteady stacks next to their shelves, some of them having already toppled over.
Sam has the decency to throw Dean an apologetic look before hitting Gabriel on the back of the head, “But I didn’t mean right this second.”
“What? Metatron filled your head with all kinds of pop culture references, right? This is exactly the kind of thing that would happen in a horror flick. Thank god all we did was kiss back there or we’d really be screwed, and not in the fun way.”
He hears Dean cry out as a large piece strikes the hunter. Dean’s grip loosens. Castiel grabs for him, holding tight as a crack opens up behind Dean. He scrambles to find some kind of footing to use as leverage, but the ground keeps thrashing. The split opens wider, Dean’s legs disappearing as gravity takes hold, working against Castiel. Dean slips from his grasp.
But, the thing that Castiel never seems to get is that, even though he hasn’t always been good at showing it, it’s the same for Dean. It always has been. Maybe what they’re doing isn’t right, but damn it, it feels right. It's right for them.
“Down on Earth fighting a battle at half-strength. He’ll be easy to take care of,” Ramiel says, turning away from him, “Speaking of which, I’m afraid I’m going to have to cut our little chat short.”
When he’s tired he stops to sleep, sometimes in his car, but most of the time at a motel. When he runs low on cash, he calls on the skills he’d acquired over the years watching the Winchesters. He might have an excellent poker face, but he’s awful at the game. He sticks to hustling pool, which he’s very good at. He loses just enough to keep his opponents guessing. After his first few weeks on his own, Castiel even picks up a few hunts. He takes out a ghoul in West Virginia and a vengeful spirit in Texas, all on his own.
When Dean reaches out to tug at the top buttons of his shirt, Castiel grabs his wrists, strong arming him into turning around. He pins Dean, holding his arms, preventing him from moving. Not that he really wants to. His face presses into the smooth wood of Castiel’s bedroom door as the fallen angel pushes against him, his hot breath ghosting across the back of Dean’s neck. Dean hadn’t been hard when he’d walked through the door. He is now. Castiel places Dean’s hands on the door, shoulder level. He releases him, but Dean remains still.
“Neither did he,” Joshua says, “Does it bother you that Castiel is not as affected by his fall as the other angels you’ve met?”
There’s nothing Castiel can do. It’s not as though he can tell Dean he lost it. Dean doesn’t even know he’d had it in the first place. With a sigh, Castiel lifts himself up off the floor and heads to the kitchen. He can hear Sam and Dean discussing a few possible leads Sam has for their next hunt. Castiel opens the door and tries to put the ring as far from his mind as possible.
With that, the guy and the last of the souls leave, mixing in with the massive crowd of souls outside. Bobby and the rest wait a few minutes before heading out, sticking close as they make their way towards Ash’s place.
Dean loves Halloween. He always has. Trick-or-treating was something he made sure Sam was able to do when he was younger, even when they were supposed to be helping Dad out with a hunt. Sam got at least a couple hours to be a normal kid, running from house to house dressed as whatever it was he wanted to be that year. They would both dress up and head out into the night, finding nothing more horrifying than a toothbrush or an apple buried at the bottom of their bags by the end of their evening.
“I’m just glad they changed it,” Dean says, grinning at Castiel when the guy looks back up at him, “Otherwise they should have just cut to the chase and named me Sue.”
Castiel watches the hunter stretch from his fingers to his toes, the hem of his dark green t-shirt rising up as he goes. Dean lets his arms fall back down to the bed a moment later, and appears to be content to just lie there. Enough time passes that Castiel is sure he went back to sleep, but Dean sits up with a sigh as he runs a hand through his hair.
“I feel like we’re being dragged to a school assembly,” Ash says, fidgeting as he takes his seat, “Did you see anyone else on the way in? Ellen or Jo?”
They watch as the scene plays out. Death feels like he’s watching a rerun as he watches the Winchesters hug each other like their lives depend on it.
As it turns out, Sam doesn't get over it. In fact, he's ticked. Dean doesn’t know what all the fuss is about. This wasn't the first time Sam had walked in on Dean in a compromising position. Dean is of the opinion that Sam’s inability to refrain from invading his privacy is a much bigger deal than Sam’s concerns that Dean is overdoing it before he’s physically healthy enough.
“I know,” Castiel says, laying back down to rest his head on Dean’s shoulder, helping wrap one of Dean’s arms around him.
“I’d say the same, but I can’t actually see you right now,” Jessica says. Sam can feel the vibration of her laugh as she pushes against him, “Sam, release.”
It’s a minor miracle Dean doesn’t come just hearing those words. Castiel’s voice has a deep, gravely quality to it under normal circumstances. The low registers he’s hitting now are obscene. Dean drops his head to Castiel’s shoulder, letting out a moan into the man’s skin as he mouths along his collar bone.
Sam looks back at the group gathered behind him. Some of the angels nod at him, while the rest watch, waiting for him to make the call.
He raises the knife, ready to strike. For a moment, Sam thinks the demon is going to call his bluff, but if there is one thing you can count on Crowley to do it, it’s that he will do whatever it takes to save his own hide.
Dean’s face is nuzzled into the back of Castiel’s neck. He’s got an arm wrapped around Castiel’s waist, having tugged the former angel as close to him as possible while they were sleeping. One of his legs is even trapped between Castiel’s. The other arm is tucked up under the fallen angel’s pillow. Dean’s whole body is pressed up against him, with Dean’s dick trapped between his stomach and Castiel’s low back. His first instinct is to panic, because he has no idea how he’s going to extricate himself from this without getting caught.
“Your souls?” Dean asks, trying for nonchalance and missing the mark by a mile, “You mean like the demon’s blood tainted those too?”
Dean is all for that. He’s so on-board, part of him wants to hold out just to see Castiel take control. He wants to let him flip Dean over onto his back and just
Sam shifts his feet, tears filling his eyes, “What about you? All those things you said. You’re not broken either, Dean.”
“They did,” Dean says, not for the first time imagining Adam still stuck in the cage with Michael and Lucifer.
Sam pauses, taking a breath, “I’m sorry you lost your brother, but you were able to save him too, right? I’m asking you to help me do the same for Dean.”
Castiel is halfway undressed and Dean has only managed to divest himself of his long sleeve button up. He hurries to catch up. He tries to toe out of his boots while tugging at the back of his black T-shirt to pull it off, but Dean over balances. He slides sideways, banging his head into one of the wall mounted hand driers.
“Perhaps those Miss Manners books wouldn’t be such a bad idea. Though, if I might suggest, I think they could benefit a few other people around here.”
Dean takes a deep breath in, letting it out slowly. Castiel’s right of course, but the angel seems to be laboring under the delusion that if they slip their way through without drawing attention to themselves, the beast won’t awaken. Dean knows the truth. It’s not a matter of if the part of him consumed by the Mark finds them, it’s a question of when. The thing that’s hunting them already has them surrounded because it is Dean. Hell, he’s been trying to hide from it for what feels like decades, and he hasn’t been able to do it yet.
It seems he can’t help but put his foot in his mouth tonight, and now it’s stuck there. Dean leaves him off balance. There’s something about him that Castiel can’t quite put his finger on, but he’d sure like to try. If he could just get it together and quit making a complete ass of himself that is. Dean smiles at him with that same open expression, those crinkles returning to the edges of his eyes. Castiel feels his heart beat a little faster in his chest.
“I don’t think so. Anna was one angel and, so far as we know, she fell when she wasn’t occupying a vessel. We saw a massive amount of angels falling last night and it looked like they were still in their vessels. Or at least some of them were.”
“I started my life off as a demon in chains,” Crowley says, without looking up, “I suppose it’s fitting that I rejoin humanity in much the same fashion.”
“I’m cut to the quick, Moose, I really am. Have our misadventures these last few months meant nothing to you?”
Sam is frantic now, pulling at Dean’s clothes, tears streaming down his face. Castiel grabs Sam’s arms, holding him. He struggles against Castiel for a few seconds before latching on to him, Sam’s hands clenching Castiel’s leather jacket. Castiel wants to scream. He wants to curl in next to Dean and let the sobs rack his body. Let them wring him dry, leaving behind nothing but the emptied out husk of the man he already feels himself becoming.
“Honey, I’ve been here for a long time now. I can tell the difference between a soul and a live human being.”
“All right,” Sam says, laying a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. He gives it a squeeze, “Good luck, Cas.”
Dean fights to urge to punch him. Castiel might be falling, but Dean figures the hit would still hurt him more than it would the angel.
Dean pauses, picking at a piece of wood sticking up on the arm of the bench, “I didn’t know what they were until you mentioned it.”
The way he’s looking at Dean... For a second, he can almost convince himself that he’s Castiel again. Dean doesn’t answer. He can’t speak. Can barely think. Those blue eyes are staring at him, like they’ve done so many times before. For a wild moment, Dean thinks Ramiel is going to kiss him. Blue eyes flick down to Dean’s lips for a moment, but then he’s gone. Dean lets himself drop the last few inches to the floor. He lies crumpled on the cold stone of this angel mausoleum, unable to move.
When I finished "40,000 Miles" there was some left over stuff I still wanted to do, but it didn't fit in with how the story wrapped up. There are technically two fics (or timestamps) here. The first chronicles parts of Dean and Castiel's time recovering after the events in "40,000 Miles." It's porny and fun and Sam is overbearing and so done with their crap. There's no real warnings, except to say there is some cussing in this one. I tried to keep it to what the show does for the fic itself, but I can't make 'freaking' or 'fudge' work when writing a sex scene. I'm just not that good of a writer, and sometimes you just have to say 'fuck.' Also, it's kind of like 'Whose Line is it Anyways?' rules when I write smut for these two. Everyone bottoms, and the points still don't matter.
“So basically what you’re saying is, we’ve got nothing to fight with and, even if we did, we’ve got nothing to go on.”
Bobby grabs at the good part of the ledge as he falls, somehow managing to hold on. His body slams against the side of the building, the contact jarring.
“Yeah, I know you don't, Cass, but I -- I just wanted -- I wanted you to have this. So you know it. Even when I can’t say it. Even when I’m being an ass. Through whatever, I just want you to know...”
“OhmyfuckinggodCas,” Dean breathes as he let’s his head fall to the angel’s shoulder, “You really are trying to kill me.”
This, on the other hand, is pure torture. When Metatron stole his grace and cast him out of Heaven, he’d also sent Castiel spiraling back into humanity with no stops on the way down. At least he has experience. He can’t imagine what his brothers and sisters are dealing with right now.
“It won’t be forever. Just until Heaven can be reorganized, then the gates will be opened for us again,” Castiel rests his forehead against Dean’s, “I will come back to you, Dean.”
When Dean began his ludicrous show, Sam had rolled his eyes at the back of his brother’s head. When Castiel laid Dean out, Sam had stifled his laughter behind his fist in an attempt to remain silent. But when Dean started shouting Castiel’s name and the angel appeared to be trying to mojo his brother back to “normal,” Sam decided it was time to intervene.
“Come on, the guy’s been making a pass at you all night and it’s annoying. It’s not like you were interested,” Dean says, doubt crossing his features a moment later, “Were you?”
Bobby keeps an eye out while Ash starts pulling parts and wires out of the gigantic machine. He can’t hear anything that sounds like a scuffle going on from inside the building, which he counts as a good sign. He doesn’t hear much of anything besides the low hum of the machine. Minutes pass before he catches something echoing from somewhere in the crater. It sounds like a rock falling.
John’s feet barely touch the wood floor before he’s coming towards them. He appears to be about the same age as Mary. It’s strange, seeing the younger versions of their parents recognize them. Sam and Dean both stand as John closes the distance, jumping to their feet on instinct. Their father stares at them for a moment before pulling Sam into a hug. It takes Sam a second to register what’s going on. John had never doled out hugs like this when he had been alive. Any comforting contact Sam got as a kid had come from Dean. Everything from drying tears when he fell and hurt himself on the playground all the way up to hugging. Not that Dad never did, but usually all hell was either breaking loose or getting ready to when Sam would find himself in his father’s embrace. Sam recovers quick, wrapping his arms around his father in return.
Castiel stares at Dean for one last long second before flying towards where he knows Sam will be. All the while, he prays this is not a very bad idea.
“I should be going with you,” Dean says, closing the Camaro’s trunk after checking for the fifth time to make sure it’s fully stocked.
Yeah, Dean didn’t really want to sit and listen to all that either. Cas is barking up the wrong brother for that kind of stuff.
He forces his eyes open. His screams die down to crying before slacking off to an intermittent whimpering as he tries to concentrate on something other than the pain. It’s a cold, laminate floor of alternating black and white blocks that he’s lying on. That’s weird. The last thing he remembers is being with Sam in Hell.
He turns in time to see the angel fall to the ground, Sam’s cheerleader girlfriend tearing away at him.
“You’re good,” Dean says, glancing at him, “I’m lucky if I can draw a stick figure, and that doesn’t usually turn out all that great. Do you draw a lot?”
Dean leaves out the part that he finds it almost impossible to sleep after watching over his brother. He doesn’t tell Castiel that he is lucky if he gets an hour in before the sun is up and everyone starts milling around the Bunker, starting their respective days. Dean leaves out the part that he finds himself passed out in random places throughout the day, on what has become a regular basis. Once he woke up on one of the weight machines in the gym. Another time he fell asleep slumped against a shelf in one of the Bunker’s many storage rooms when he was supposed to be looking something up for Kevin.
“Of course you don't. Why the hell would you? You can’t remember a damn thing that’d actually be useful.”
Death nods, “He will become your ward in a sense. He will remain by your side and under your care until his probationary period is complete.”
“The experience has not been entirely unpleasant,” he mumbles, glancing away, “At any rate, your brother did most of the work.”
“That will come in handy. Do you think he could take a look at these names? See if he can locate these people? At least find out what section they’ve been sent to work in.”
Dean goes very still and Castiel knows he's said the wrong thing. Minutes pass before Dean breaks the silence.
Sam walks into the library, three beers in hand. Dean is flipping through the yellowing pages of a huge, leather bound book. Castiel has his head bent over a notebook, writing. Sam nudges Dean with the end of one of the bottles. His brother reaches up to grab the beer, the long sleeve of his green Henley riding up.
That stupid asshat. Gabriel had one job. One damn job. Keep Sam safe. How in the hell does that translate into ferrying Sam down into the Pit? Dean’s about to say as much, but pain shoots through him. Sam holds him close. Dean can feel his body shutting down on him. He’s cold, and even though he wishes his brother was anywhere else right now, it’s nice to be so close to something so warm. It’s comforting.
Those stories Bobby had first told her should have prepared her for something like this. If there was one running theme it was that anyone connected to a Winchester was bound to get caught in the crosshairs. Just because your dead and lucky enough to have made it to Heaven doesn't make you exempt.
“Oh, I remember that period,” Cas says as he moves closer to Dean, causing the hunter to scoot more towards the middle of the bed, “I’d thought it was because you were tired. Stretched too thin due to the pressures of fighting an oncoming apocalypse.”
With that Sam leaves. Dean sits there a little longer, watching the spot where his little brother had last been standing. He imagines Sam left to give Dean plenty of space for whatever the hell it is Sam thinks he should do. But as Dean mulls it over, he decides this place isn’t right. He’s up and out the door before he knows it. He slides into the chilly seats of the Impala, Baby’s heater quick to warm him up, like always. At least some relationships are easy.
“If he’s even still there.” Sam says, “Jack brought everyone back. I mean, I know he says he was going to be hands off, but he wouldn’t have left Cas.”
The old hunter doesn’t seem bothered by it, releasing Dean to latch on to Sam, then Castiel. The fallen angel looks shocked to be receiving a hug, but he returns it with the same amount of vigor as Bobby gives it. He looks at the three of them like a man dying of thirst, eyes shining even as his brow furrows.
Dean looks forward. Up ahead the smallest circle of light is visible through the exit at the other side of the tunnel. It had been pitch black a second ago. They stand, watching as the light gets bigger. The rumbling almost deafening in the enclosed tunnel.
“He said it, then he was gone. And, I couldn’t — I never said anything back. I was so sure we were going to die, and it would be all my fault. Again. And he said so much, Sammy… So much.” The tears start to fall as his shoulders shake, “And I just stood there. All I could get out was his name and then he was pushing me out of the way as the Empty took Billie. T-took Cas and I —“
Jessica Moore hadn’t thought much about what Heaven would be like when she was alive. Had she been asked at the time, she would have listed off some of the normal stuff. Things like being reunited with friends and loved ones and white light everywhere. Maybe a few cute little cherubs flitting around from one fluffy cloud to the next. The real Heaven hadn't met her expectations. It had, in many ways, exceeded anything she could have hoped for. Well, up until now, that is. Being tied to a chair in an empty floor of an apartment building would never had made her Heaven must-have list, before or after her death. At least she isn't alone. Four other women sit tied up in chairs similar to hers, all of them comprising what amounts to Sam’s extended family. Some of it anyways.
Castiel nods and gives him a slight smile. Dean drinks the rest of his milk as Castiel studies him. The intense scrutiny should be weird, but after all these years, Dean has gotten used to it. Besides, it’s comforting to see those old mannerisms haven’t disappeared, despite the angel’s fall. Despite everything.
“Yes, I do.” Dean says, “I’m so p-proud of you, Sam. Everything you’ve done. Everything you’ve built —“
. I suppose I could keep Dean as a pet after I’m done consolidating the different planes of existence. Would that make you feel better? After all, even if I kill Dean, his soul will still belong to me, as will all the souls spread across these realms.”
“No idea. I’m not a scholar of all things winged and haloed. You’d have to ask someone more knowledgeable on the inner workings of Heaven,” Crowley says, looking at Castiel, “But I am telling you what I know to be fact.”
He buries the blade deep in the thing’s stomach, the creature flashing out just like any other run of the mill demon. How anything demonic would have managed to make it into Heaven is beyond Dean, but he doubts he’ll have time to find out. He looks over to his right to see Sam pinned on the ground, the blade he’d been carrying knocked off to the side. He's holding the creature’s arm, trying to keep it from driving its own blade into his chest, but Sam is loosing the fight. Dean has time to take a step toward his little brother before he’s sent flying as another one of those things tackles him to the ground.
Castiel makes his way over to Dean, wiping at the grass and leaves clinging to his jeans, “Are you Jack-O’-Lantern?”
He’d had to talk himself down after the attack on the beach. He’d spent most of his time hiding from the rest of himself after the Mark had taken over. The feeling of having the worst parts of himself devouring him was almost more than Dean could handle. The fact that it had Castiel was the only thing that had gotten Dean up, first staggering and then sprinting through the forest. Branches grab at his shirt and coat like hands trying to hold him back. He has cuts where thorny bushes have ripped through his clothes and tore into his hands as he makes his way through.
The woman turns when she hears his shout. No longer the beauty they’d seen only a couple of hours ago, the chick is in full on monster mode. Her hair is scraggly and her skin a deathly shade of pale. Her big brown eyes now glassy and less than human. Blood drips from her mouth as she growls at Dean.
“Come on, we’ve got more ground to cover,” Jack says, yanking at Dean’s hand as he drags him out into the streets to join the other costumed kids, “The night is still young, and so am I! At least in this shape.”
Castiel nods at Zarall and Jael in greeting before all of them take a seat at a picnic table shaded by a cluster of tall pine trees. The branches sway back and forth through the light breeze. They spend time catching up, Castiel telling them of his adventures with the Winchesters since he’d last seen any of them, at least as much as he feels comfortable divulging. Gadreel tells him of what they have been up to since falling. Most of those who had been held in Heaven’s prison had stuck together. They have built something of a life for themselves in the nearby towns and cities, performing minor miracles and helping humanity where they can. Castiel is reminded of Jophiel and his group of angels. They had chosen much the same path.
He drops to his knees, mouthing along the bulge in Dean’s jeans as his fingers make quick work of Dean’s belt buckle. Castiel can hear Dean moan above him. The sound sends a thrill through him. Somehow this is easier. Less complicated. Besides, Castiel has found that he enjoys making Dean feel good just as much, if not more than, allowing Dean to do the same for him. In a matter of seconds, Castiel has Dean’s pants and underwear pulled down, one hand resting on Dean’s hip as the other wraps around his dick, giving it a few experimental strokes.
Bobby finishes painting the sigils Henry had given him on Rufus’ sides and back. As he completes each one, they glow a dull blueish white before returning to the black color of the paste he had been instructed to make. The ingredients were easy to find, but the sigil work was some of the most intricate Bobby has ever seen. Once Rufus is taken care of, they switch places. Bobby does a far better impression of a canvas than his partner, and his session goes much quicker.
“This damn thing! Hey,” a shaggy haired, twenty-something kid says, looking up at Bobby as he enters, “you wouldn’t happen to know how to get this thing going again, would you?”
Mostly, Dean is happy the guy is alive at all. He can remember how terrified he had been watching the angels fall. Some part of him had been so sure that Castiel was dead. He’d known that this was the end and, once again, Dean had been a day late and a dollar short. That is the story of his life, after all. He had never been so grateful to be so wrong when he’d had whatever the hell that was that helped him figure out where Castiel was. An epiphany, or whatever. That episode is a can of worms Dean does not want to go anywhere near right now. Or ever. Besides, he can only deal with one damn problem at a time.
He dismisses it, chalking it up to being a weird quirk of humanity that has nothing to do with him. A human weakness, a forgetfulness and lessening of emotions brought on by the passage of time. Time being the much lauded healer of all things painful. Crowley has never been one to believe that. If anything, for him, time has always acted more as an infection, making a wound worse. Whether it’s because Kevin, like Sam and to a lesser extent Dean, has found a way to believe in Crowley’s rehabilitation or that the staggering amount of energy it takes to continue to hate a person you’re forced to live with has become too much of a burden to bear, Kevin seems to have let bygones be bygones. It’s a fact that both fascinates and disturbs Crowley to his very core.
“He’s telling the truth,” Sam says, “We met him a year ago. He traveled through time, but he died before he could return."
They look peaceful. Content. Maybe even happy. Cas smiles at the thought, but as usual, another more sinister one peaks out from the dark corners of his mind, shattering it.
“Now stop watching the clock and go snuggle up with Earth Angel back there, so we can concentrate on our show,” Sam says, with a smirk.
They were his words to Dean and yet, they could so easily apply to him. Dean had asked for illumination. For Cas to draw back the shades and show him what path lay before him. He’d asked for the impossible. Dean had always been the radiance to Castiel’s void. How could nothingness ever hope to reignite the light?
Metatron laughs as he tilts his head back. The sound sends a shiver down Dean’s spine. The movement gives Dean more access. It’s the last thing Metatron should be doing right now.
Because what? Because Castiel is a friend? Because he’s family? What is it that tethers them together still? Dean is no longer sure what it is. There are too many hurt feelings and disappointments covering over whatever it is that’s always been there, hiding under the surface of everything they’ve said and done to and for each other.
The Impala is three miles outside of Sioux Falls, heading south, when they come upon a rusted out pickup truck parked sideways, blocking the road. Dean brings the Impala to a stop some yards back, in case they need room to get away.
“Lucky for you, there are a few angels who could possibly act as intermediary for you. Some that have worked closely with Death and his staff.”
“Not the romantic type, huh?” Gabriel asks as he sets Sam back on his feet, which has to look ridiculous considering the height difference.
It takes Sam and Charlie an hour to hunt down everything they can find about souls and using them as a power-up. Sam brings it back to the Barracks and they get to work, trying to figure out how much Abaddon knows and how to help Tracy, Ted, and Simon get more control over their abilities without harming themselves. It would be one hell of an advantage when it comes time for them to fight.
Dean for, he closes up the dungeon doors. Dean had meant to help Kevin do some more research, but his body had different ideas. As he walks by his bedroom door, his legs change course and Dean finds himself with a face full of pillow. He tries to get back up, but in the end figures it isn't worth the fight. Besides, Kevin is awake and would come get him if he found anything major or if something happened with Sam. An hour won't kill him. Dean passes out soon after and sleeps right up until the nightmare starts.
“No! No, it’s great, Cass,” Dean says, trying to recover, “I was just surprised is all. It suits you.”
He realizes that this is Gabriel, archangel of the Lord. This is the archangel Castiel and the rest of the angels remember from back before the apocalypse and the turmoil in Heaven. Back maybe even before humanity was around. Sam would be too awestruck to move if it wasn’t for the constant deluge of demons attacking from every front. Simon blows by them at one point, flanked by a group of fallen angels, using his powers to hold the demons back as the angels attack. Tracy and Ted are nowhere in sight, lost somewhere in the swarm of bodies.
Sam looks over his shoulder at Gabriel, “You’re not all the way back yet. Are you willing to take that chance?”
Dean groans, pulling him closer with the arm he still has draped over Castiel’s waist, “I’ll have to kill you if you stop.”
Sam doesn't know sure he has ever been all right. Not since that night. But this is the closest he has been to it in a long time.
But this was not his Dean. He’d reminded himself of that as he’d watched Dean and Castiel. He’d watched them find each other and learn to move together, something he and his Dean had never achieved. Cas was grateful to this Dean for trying to comfort him. Trying to give of himself. He remembers when his Dean was still capable of doing the same. This Dean had managed to ease his suffering, but it wasn’t enough. It would never been enough. Because, he wasn’t Cas’ Dean.
“I've always wanted to give you more credit than you deserve, but you’re not the sharpest tool are you?” Ramiel says with a sad sigh, “There is no Castiel. There never was.”
That’s a little over a month away, but Dean holds his tongue. With a wink and grin, Jack disappears. Dean glances around, half expecting the douchebag to jump out and scare them one last time before actually taking his leave.
Sam has gotten better at reading Castiel over the years, but he doesn’t come close to Dean’s level of fluency. A twitch of an eyebrow or the slightest downturn at the corner of his lips could tell his brother all he needed to know about the fallen angel’s current mood. Blank stares that Sam would call Castiel’s default expression could mean anything from happiness to back off before I smite you. Right now, Castiel is as unreadable to Sam as he used to be back when they’d first met.
Mrs. Tran had been held against her will as an insurance policy for Crowley, but the digs he’d kept her in weren’t too shabby and she hadn’t been tortured. She’d been completely fine, minus the pissed and worried sick part. Dean had to give Crowley credit for not being as big of a douchebag as he could have been. Sam had felt vindicated, which caused Dean untold amounts of annoyance for weeks afterward.
Castiel glances away, giving her a small non-committal shrug, a gesture he’d long ago picked up from the Winchesters. In the end, Mrs. Havens gives them the pie for free and sends them on their way, baked goods in hand.
Dean opens his eyes, surprised to see the light still on in his room. He could have swore he’d turned that off before crashing. Sitting up, Dean realizes that yeah, he did turn it off. Someone else had flipped the thing back on.
“Sam, please. Just l-listen,” Dean says, fighting to keep his thoughts coherent, “I’m proud of you, S-sam. If I've done anything right my whole life, it's you, and I’m -- I'm proud of that. I’m proud to be your brother. It’s the best part of me, and no matter what happens down he-- T-that part will stay wi-- with you. It always h-has.”
Dean tries to lie low. He gets maybe ten minutes peace, before Sam comes swooping into his bedroom, seconds away from hulking out on him. In the end, Dean wears Sam down, telling him that he’ll take it easy. That everything is fine. That he won’t overstep his bounds. His brother doesn’t believe him. Castiel, who’d been right behind Sam serving as backup for their ambush, seems to believe him even less. The three of them come to a stalemate on the issue and it’s tabled, at least for now.
“Keep going on like this and we’ll have to do something with you. Maybe add some Miss Manners reading to your rehab schedule.”
“Next place over,” the kid says as he turns back towards the record player, “Can you tell him to keep it down? It’s hard to get in a good groove with the racket going over there, if you know what I mean.”
Castiel has done everything for Dean. He’d turned his back on what counts as his family. He saved him and Sam who knows how many times. Castiel freaking raised him from Hell. And yeah, here tonight, that’s pretty much all Dean’s done again. Take. Well, fuck that noise.
Dean flies down the Kansas back roads, alternating from gravel to patched asphalt with little to no warning. He hasn't passed another car in hours. After making loop after endless loop through the scattered, small towns surrounding Lebanon, he pulls off into an abandoned field to watch the sun go down.
“And soon you won’t even be that. What’s left of you will burn away, and I'll be the only one left. As it should be.”
“I don’t believe we have that on the menu, but it’s the best idea I’ve heard in awhile,” a tall man with curly blonde hair says, grinning at Castiel as he comes to a stop next to their table, “My name’s Joe, I’ll be your waiter this evening.”
Some stuff is spell work, but most of it seems to be different phrases spoken for different commands, concentration being the key more than anything else. Sam fills the role of teacher well, giving them the exact pronunciations until they’ve got it down. Too bad they don’t have a full-fledged demon lying around to test drive some of this stuff out on.
“I don’t think it’s any more polite when he’s not home,” Sam says, “But leaving a guest stranded on your front porch isn’t exactly good manners either.”
He’s still dwelling on that when he feels rough hands shaking him. Dean groans, because yeah the jostling kind of hurts and he’d much rather be letting the blankness take him, but hands also means someone is down here with him.
“You leave a little something to be desired in the execution,” Ellen says, laughing as the rest of their group files in.
“I tried to stop him,” Gabriel says, shaking his head, “but, you know how he is. He wouldn't listen.”
“Imagine Dean Winchester in chains at my feet. I can see from your memories that you’ve found him very diverting over the last few months,” Ramiel says, sneering, “Perhaps he can amuse me in much the same way.”
“I always thought that’s why you were so infatuated with humanity. You see more of yourself in them than you ever have your fellow angels. Your family. You choose them every time. Memories or no, you will always pick humanity over your brothers.”
“And, ya know, you can just call,” Dean says, moving closer to wrap his arms around the fallen angel’s waist, “If you want to.”
“Indeed, it says old Jack will lead you astray, but what makes you think he’ll lead you where you want to go?”
It’s well past midnight before everything is done. Sam brings out food and beer from the kitchen much to the delight of the assembled hunters, all starving after a job well done. Music fills the air after someone finds a radio and Castiel imagines this is much closer to the atmosphere of a real wedding reception.
That, combined with every thrust of Castiel burrowing deeper inside him, is enough to make Dean feel lightheaded as sparks shoot up and down his body. It's like every nerve he has is on fire. Castiel clutches to Dean, trying to hold it together as he gets closer and closer to that delicious fall. Over and over, his name trips off the angel’s tongue.
“Sorry,” Dean says, apologetic as he makes his way into Castiel’s bedroom, “Why are you ransacking your own room? Kind of looks like a bomb went off.”
Oh god, he’s getting the “it’s not you, it’s me” speech. Dean’s thoughts screech to a halt. This is his worst case scenario, but it’s not like he hasn’t been waiting for it. He knows he’s not good for Castiel. Dean isn't good for anyone. Look at what he put Lisa and Cassie through. He’s not stupid enough to think Castiel would want to stick around for a guy with an airplane cargo hold full of emotional baggage. He tries to remain calm, even as his heart is threatening to abandon ship by beating right out of his chest.
Dean buries himself in Cas without preamble. It hurts, but frankly Cas is pretty far gone and could give a fuck. Hands firmly on his hips as his chest rests against Cas’ back, Dean rocks into him, slower than the bruising pace he normally sets. Even so, Cas’ left cheek grates harshly against the wood of the cabin with each thrust.
“We know you’re out there, Winchester,” a voice calls out to them, drawing Sam's attention, though he can’t tell who it was through the crowd of demons, “Let’s get this over quick. We’ve got work to do.”
“I know you have,” Castiel says, not wishing to think how much time has passed since Dean had turned.
“I’ve dealt with the Winchesters. I’m not sure they’re a big enough threat to justify letting you live.”
“It’s about time you two! I thought I was going to have to lock you guys in Bobby’s panic room or something,” Sam says, smiling from ear to ear.
They hadn’t spoke of Daphne or his time spent as “Emmanuel” since Castiel had regained his memories. It isn't something Castiel thinks of often. It feels like it happened to someone else, like a movie he can turn on inside his head and watch when he wants to. Mostly, Castiel doesn’t like to recall Daphne because of what happened afterwards. It wasn’t until after he was brought back from Purgatory that Castiel had been in good enough mental and physical shape to try to make amends.
Sam looks to Castiel in abject horror, but Cas ignores him, walking towards Dean. He locks eyes with the angel.
“Look, we’ll let you take a shower, then we can go grab some dinner. How’s that sound?” Sam asks, still grinning as he closes the Impala’s trunk.
Castiel tries to grab the hunter with his other hand, but the cavern is trembling so violently, jolting them in all different directions. Flashes of bright blue explode through the cave, as huge parts of the floor give way. Rocks fall from above, pelting Castiel as he tries to duck out of the way of any big ones. Dean isn’t so lucky.
Castiel nods and hands him a piece, taking another one out for himself. Crowley thanks him before returning to his puzzle. The Winchesters stare at each other in shock for a moment before joining the other three at the table. It’s quiet. It’s calm. Sam thinks maybe this won’t be so bad after all.
Castiel nears the source of the white glow, the light flickering along the walls like the projector of a movie screen. The corridor empties out into another room. This one, however, is not empty. He stands in the dining room of a house, looking in towards the kitchen. He sees someone he recognizes as Mary Winchester, bustling about. Behind him, a three-year-old version of Dean sits watching cartoons on TV.
Dean is pissed that, yet again, Castiel took off and did something stupid on his own without running it by them or at least waiting for them to help. Not only that, he is angry at himself for not helping Castiel more. Whether that's from this go around or from all the years they’ve both jacked everything all the hell, he isn't sure.
“They're a failed experiment, and the first test stages of whatever Metatron’s end game here is, I’d imagine,” Charles says, crossing his arms, “Those creatures are a mix of Heaven’s human souls and a few select demons.”
Dean hands the picture over to Castiel. The edges are worn, but most of the picture is unaffected. Sam is beaming at the camera, arm slung around Dean as he holds up his diploma.
Dean doesn’t bother continuing, since Castiel appears almost on top of him. The angel is scanning the area, looking for possible threats. He moves away from Dean, Castiel’s back to him as he pays close attention to a nearby cluster of trees.
Cain manages to get himself upright enough to look at Sam, face twisted in pain. He’s gripping the First Blade tight, but he holds it out to Sam.
Dean tries everything he can think of to get a positive response short of going down on him. At this point, he’s a little afraid that might push Cas over the edge. Dean puts every last bit of feeling he can muster into every kiss he lays on Cas’ skin. He kisses every mark that mars the once pristine flesh. His fingertips trace the horrendous scar that runs across half of Cas’ torso. The fallen angel whimpers turn close to sobs as he goes, leaving Dean at a total loss for what he’s supposed to be doing here.
“Say it,” Dean says, turning back to watch Sam walk back to his seat amongst his high school classmates.
There’s so much Sam wants to say to Jessica. He has rehearsed it in his head so many times, but it all seems so small now. There aren't enough words to encompass what he needs to say. He kisses her instead. It’s the goodbye he never got to say. It’s not the same. It’s not nearly enough. But it’s all they’ve got, and he’s grateful to have that.
Sam pulls her a few feet away from everyone. He just got her back, he doesn’t want her to leave now. Somewhere in rational part of Sam’s mind, he knows that he’ll have to leave Jessica sooner rather than later. He’s not dead. Not yet anyway. He can’t stay here, and she can’t come with him. Knowing that doesn’t make it any easier.
Sam looks around. It would be like any other bright, summer day if there were trees or grass or any ground to speak of. Instead, they’re standing in a sea of white clouds. How they’re standing in these clouds is beyond Sam. Since falling through them would be their alternative, he's not complaining.
Behind him angels and the three humans tainted with demon blood follow his lead as they make their way through. Their footfalls against the paved road echo against the silent buildings, the only sound in this deserted place. They continue on, a solemn parade. It's the only kind one can have in a ghost town.
“Right, yeah,” Sam says, taking the pressure off Dean who looks a little overcome having both of their parents in the room, “We need your help.”
As far as Sam is concerned, if anyone should have a problem with Gabriel it’s him, and surprisingly enough, he doesn’t. It's more likely that Dean hates that he and Gabriel have more in common, personality wise, than he’d like to admit. Dean has been known to get a kick out of some of the Trickster’s games in the past. Those that didn't involve him or Sam at any rate.
“Your opinion, Cas,” Dean begins to pace as Cas stares at him, dumbfounded, “I don’t understand what he – I’m up to. You and I both know walkin’ up and banging on the front door isn’t a good idea. There has to be something else - What?”
The shoulder his head rests on bounces as Castiel chuckles. Dean feels warm lips press against his temple.
Castiel puts a hand against Dean’s chest, muttering Enochian between coughs as he tries to force air in and out of his lungs. Blue light shines underneath his palm as he goes. He pushes everything he has into Dean. Castiel’s body betrays him in the end, giving out as the last shreds of grace leave him.
Dean is walking by Sam’s room when a noise from inside jolts him out of his jumbled thoughts. He stops to listen, opening the door when he hears the muffled sound again. Sam is dead to world, but his hands are clutching at the blanket that’s twisted around him. He mumbles something Dean can’t hear, forehead creased in worry. Bad dreams are part of the job, but it seems like they get more than their fair share. Dean crosses over to the bed and pushes some sweaty strands of hair out of his little brother’s face. It's like the kid became allergic to haircuts after the Apocalypse.
They collapse to the ground, Castiel’s body writhing in their shared pain. He can hear Dean shouting his name. One final push and Castiel wrenches control back from Ramiel. He can’t hold it long, but there is one last thing he must do before he loses the ground he’s gained. Castiel jerks his head up, searching for Dean. The hunter is trying to drag himself over to where Castiel is lying, his body still writhing as Ramiel fights against his hold.
No, he didn’t say that, but that’s what Castiel meant. Dean can practically feel how satisfied Castiel is with himself. With this game he’s started. Dean watches as Castiel grabs a new set of clothes out of his side of their dresser.
human body, he can feel it like a itch he can't scratch when he goes too long without any contact. He enjoys the occasional hug from Sam or Charlie. Kevin seems to be fond of fist bumping. It's a strange, but satisfying gesture, especially when you “explode” it at the end and imitate the resulting noise. But it’s Dean’s touch, in particular, that Castiel craves. Even before that first morning he woke up with Dean wrapped around him, Castiel had been finding any excuse to bump into the hunter as much as he dared during the day. He disregarded the “personal space” rule at every turn and Dean, much to Castiel’s surprise, hadn’t rebuked him.
Dean looks like he’s about to explode. Sam thinks that instead of Dean holding on to Castiel, it’s actually the other way around now and he’s infinitely grateful for it. Charging Gabriel would not end well.
Bobby isn't a stranger to ridiculous situations. He could spend a good part of eternity listing all the dumb stuff he had been apart of, both on accident and of his own accord. Still, clinging to the side of a building 50 or so stories up has to come in near the top of his list. He glances down as he slides his feet along the small, brick ledge, checking to see if anyone has spotted him. The street below is as empty as it has been since the human souls of Heaven had been relocated to their new digs a few days ago. Days, like everything else, being a relative term here. He makes his way past yet another window, grateful that he doesn’t have to worry about falling. He can’t exactly kill himself again. At least he hopes not.
Dean heads to the porch, making sure he holds on to the door to keep it from slamming shut. It’s a cool night. The air is crisp, waking Dean up a bit as he draws in a few deep breaths. He takes a seat on the steps, raising his eyes to the sky. Stars shine bright on this moonless night, twinkling down at him. If this really is his last night on Earth, it's a beautiful one.
Bobby almost sinks back into his chair in relief, “Should we be manning the battle stations up here then?”
He looks the same, though maybe a little younger than Dean remembers him being when he’d died. His eyes are less haunted. His smile brighter. Wider. It reminds Dean of the Bobby he’d known back when he was still a kid. Back when Dad would drop him and Sam off to stay at Bobby's place.
It hurts. His voice is scratchy and his throat feels raw, despite the water he just drank. Castiel stills and doesn’t answer him, his breathing already evened back out. Sleep sounds great right now. It sounds like the best idea Dean has ever had. He stays draped along Castiel’s back, but Dean doesn’t fight his drooping eyelids, letting unconsciousness take him under again.
Gadreel gives him the address then heads off. Castiel waits until he is out of sight before heading back to his Camaro, phone out of his pocket before he gets the door unlocked. It only rings once before his call is picked up.
It takes Sam a minute to respond as he tries to remember how to coordinate his mouth, tongue, and jaw, “Not much. You?”
Sam and Cain have been sitting and waiting in Dean’s room for over four hours. During that time, Sam had decided to take the demonic hand cuffs off of Dean, concerned that the markings might interfere with the transfer. They haven’t seen Castiel or Dean move a muscle while they’ve been here. The First Blade rests in Cain’s hand, his hold on it loose. Sam runs a hand through his hair, agitated. His thoughts drift back to the agreement he’d made with Cain hours earlier.
Castiel doesn't show emotion often, at least not by human standards. Anyone else might think he's some sort of strange robot cyborg hybrid, or an uptight statue. But after all this time, Dean knows there are tiny differences and looking closer, he can see the hurt and confusion warring in the angel.
“Then that’s even worse!” Castiel yells back, “How can you stand here and bind yourself so fully to a person you don’t even know?”
Jack smirks, eyes settling on Dean, “That’s all right. We’ve got a two for one special standing right there. I think we’ll be fine.”
Dean’s eyes flash. He stares Ramiel down as if he's trying to see past him to Castiel. He spares Dean one last look before he tears into Ramiel’s consciousness. Castiel is dimly aware of the pain he’s inflicting. He feels it too. Ramiel clutches at his head, doubling over as Castiel rips his way through his own mind, tearing at any and all connections between him and Ramiel.
Dean glances around. The place appears to be deserted, but with trees hedging them in on either side it’s hard to tell. He takes his gun out, giving Castiel an approving nod when he sees the fallen angel has his blade in hand.
Dean somehow manages to keep himself in check. He leans back, hiding his clenched hands in the pockets of his jacket.
“You thought I’d find humor in your likely irreversible transformation into the one of the flesh-eating undead?”
“Well awesome, good to know for future reference,” Dean says, stabbing his knife back into the hard, orange outer skin of his pumpkin.
“Is that your pet name for him? Because it’s adorable and it should be,” Charlie says, releasing Dean.
“Not sure, but I think it’s got something to do with not finishing the trials. He has these nightmares he doesn’t remember.”
Bobby must catch the tone in Dean’s voice, “He’ll be along. Time up here, it’s different. You got everything you could ever want or need or…dream. So, I guess the question is, what are you gonna do now, Dean?”
Sam gets a glance in at the kids, but he can’t get there, his hands full already with two new demons. Castiel is just as distracted. At this rate, they’re going to be overrun. Dean doesn’t know how far out their demonic bat signal can reach, but if it’s got any kind of range on it, all the demons who’d been sent out for the night could be popping back in any second. Not to mention, Abaddon could make an appearance and then they will be beyond screwed.
This was a rough chapter for me. I hope it turned out all right. The next one is giving me trouble too, but I think it's because these are the last couple chapters before we start spiraling down to the end. Anyways, thanks for taking the time to read and I hope you all enjoy!
“Did you say something needs fixing?” Bobby asks, interrupting what is sure to be a long winded story he doesn't have time to hear.
The angel hadn’t expected the transfer of the Mark to bring Dean back. Despite what Sam thought, he’d never been in that much denial. This had always been the plan. Castiel’s plan anyway. His borrowed grace is fading fast. Much faster than he had been expecting. It’s why his body aches all over and his breathing is still ragged. He’s falling fast. He’d stayed under too long, and he’s sure the torture he’d suffered hadn’t done him any favors either. But it doesn’t matter.
The angel doesn’t tell him how tore up Sam has been since Dean disappeared with Crowley. It won’t help Dean any to dwell on it and Castiel is certain Dean already knows.
“So what? Heaven’s a big place. It can’t be too hard to get lost in the shuffle. Hell, we still haven’t found all of our people yet,” Rufus says, turning to Bobby as an afterthought, “By the way, I did finally run into Ash. He’s whipping up some kind of machine to help locate Ellen and Karen and everyone. From all his babbling, he’s trying to throw a few things other things together, but search me if I knew what he was talking about.”
,” Abaddon says, rounding on him as Crowley picks his way towards her, “Those three stooges slipped in here last night and stole what was mine.”
He turns to see his little brother, looking younger than the last time he saw him. Dean’s smile widens as he walks toward Sam, chuckling as he pulls him into a hug.
Crowley pauses, “Let’s just say the nuclear family bit wasn’t something I was cut out for. Especially the wife part.”
Sam jerks open the door of the Impala, climbing into the passenger seat before slamming the door closed.
Castiel looks at him. They stay that way, sitting there listening to the music as it plays. Dean notices Castiel isn’t trying to disappear in the corner anymore, instead he's sitting upright, hands folded in his lap.
Gabriel pauses as they reach the wooden door, “Be as quiet as you can. We don’t want to disturb what’s been trapped in here.”
Dean grins as he presses a quick kiss to the man's lips, “Think you can keep it down, Cas? We don’t what anyone coming to investigate.”
It’s mid-morning when Castiel arrives at the designated meeting spot. He stopped somewhere in the middle of Illinois to get some sleep before finishing his trip. They meet in a park. Castiel isn’t sure what the exact numbers Heaven’s prison held, but there had to have been least 30 or 40 angels held there. Three angels arrive soon after Castiel. Gadreel approaches first, with two other fallen angels flanking him.
“You didn’t think to look for me. At least not a first. I’m not surprised. I imagine you three have had a lot on your plates,” Joshua says, finally looking up at them with a smile, “Hello Castiel.”
Dean pushes through the door. Behind it he finds a study outfitted with tons of books and boxes. Shelves extend back as far as Dean can see. If it wasn’t for its cavernous nature, the room wouldn’t look out of place in some luxurious mansion back on Earth. There’s a fire burning in a nearby fireplace, an over-sized chair situated next to it. In the middle of the room is a large oak desk, polished to a shine. Dean collapses down in the cushy chair behind the desk, digging through drawers.
She stops an inch from his face, her breath sickly sweet as she continues, “The thought of one of your breed ruling over all of Hell is laughable at best. The fact that you had the audacity to even try is as astounding as it is insulting. Tell me why I shouldn’t gut you where you stand and let you watch yourself bleed out onto the floor.”
Castiel still isn’t looking at him, at least not directly. He steals glances as Dean talks. Dean can’t take his eyes off of him. He feels almost giddy.
Dry, forever chapped lips are crashing against his before Dean can even begin to recognize what’s happening. There’s a madness to the demanding press of Cas’ lips. He tastes of alcohol and grimy earth. It’s nothing like he’d imagined Castiel to taste like. Not that Dean had ever imagined that…
Castiel just shakes his head at him as the song ends, the gods of playlist shuffling smiling on them again as Led Zeppelin’s “Fool in the Rain” starts. Even so, the mood has changed, the heat gone. They share lazy kisses between talking about whatever comes to them. Still wrapped up in each other, they finally find a good position, Dean holding Castiel as their feet poke out an open window.
“Who knows? Maybe this time our luck will hold and things will be gumdrops and rainbows,” Rufus says, crossing his arms as he continues to glare up at the man.
Bobby huffs at him, “Was. Now I’m not. That kid of yours, before he went…wherever, he made some changes here. Busted my ass out. And then he… Well, he set some things right. Tore down all the walls. Heaven ain’t just reliving your golden oldies anymore. It’s what it always should have been. Everyone happy. Everyone together.”
Charles nods, turning to the group at large. He tells them to head out, disperse, and to meet back up at their designated locations. Ellen comes up to Bobby while the guy is talking, leaning in.
Bagnael chuckles, “I know, but at least I am trying. Put yourself to your work Castiel and help this transition along. Perhaps you can speed things up. After witnessing what you did down there, I wouldn’t be surprised.”
“Safe. For now,” the man says, “Whether or not they stay that way is entirely up to you. Had you left well enough alone, they would have been released to you after our work is done here. As it is, you’ve forced our hand.
Dean rubs along his back like he used to when Sam was little and he’d had a bad dream or woke up in the middle of the night crying for Dad. Soon, Sam’s hands unclench as his body relaxes. Dean sighs as he pulls up a chair. He may not know what to do about Castiel yet, but nightmares he can deal with.
Death wants to point out that he’s gotten involved plenty of times since then, this time included, but he refrains.
Jophiel chuckles, “Death? Yes, it would be nothing for him to break down the barriers locking away Heaven but, at the moment, he has no interest in the affairs of Earth, let alone Heaven or Hell.”
Castiel knows Sam thinks he’s losing it. Maybe he is. They drag a rollaway bed into the room, setting it up close to Dean’s bed. Castiel takes a seat on it, as Sam combines the African dream root with the other necessary ingredients. He watches as Sam pulls a couple hairs from his brother’s head, throwing them into the cup with the rest of the mixture. Castiel doesn’t know if this will work. He has hypothesized that while Dean isn’t dreaming in the normal, human sense, there should still be enough humanity about him to put him in a similar state. If that’s the case, then Castiel can find him. Castiel will find him.
That had been a month and a half ago. After much yelling and crying and talking, things were well on the way to being hashed out between him and Sammy. Dean and Sam had even been out on a few, short hunts close to home in the last couple weeks. It hadn’t been as awful as Dean had thought it would be, talking about their feelings. After everything that’s happened and everything he’d almost lost forever, it just seems dumb to get hung up on it. Besides, Dean much prefers the benefits of being honest with his brother than trying to hide.
Dean nods, looking for all the world like he’s trying not to laugh, “Wow. You sound really enthusiastic about it too.”
It’s a shock when her hand pops free. She sits stunned for a second before her mind catches up. She shakes the rest off her other hand before bending over to start working on the ties holding each ankle to a separate leg of her chair.
It had been a month since he'd seen Balthazar last, but Gabriel he hadn’t seen in well over four years. Balthazar is a jet-setting freelance journalist for a number of major magazines, while Gabriel is… Well, come to think of it, Castiel isn’t sure what Gabriel does for a living. He likely doesn’t want to know, considering it's Gabriel.
“That was strange,” Castiel says, stepping up to stand just a little too close to Dean as they watch the bizarre couple disappear into the crowd.
Dean is having trouble keeping eye contact because, contrary to all his years claiming otherwise, he is a complete sap and Castiel seems to make it a thousand times worse. He looks beyond the man in his arms, to the shiny, deep blue car gleaming in the lights of the garage, the two black stripes running down the middle of it from the hood to the tail end. They’d been able to finish the paint job on Bobby’s old Camaro a couple days ago. Dean guesses he’ll have to start thinking of it as Castiel’s new Camaro.
“You think Abaddon will want to spring Lucifer again? What are we on, the third or fourth apocalypse now?” Dean asks, rubbing at his temple. His head is starting to pound.
Rufus stares at him over the rim of his glass. Bobby has to stop himself from fidgeting. The thought occurred to him when he had found he was able to open his window. That would be one hell of an oversight for something powerful enough to put all of Heaven in a forced timeout.
Sam grabs for it, hand covering Cain’s as he pulls on what’s he can see of the hilt. It won’t move. Cain’s grip is too strong. For a moment, Sam thinks Cain won’t be able to pull it off, but then his fingers relax. The First Blade slides from Cain’s hand into Sam’s. He barely has time to get a good grip on the Blade before Cain is lunging for him. Sam dives out of the way, making a break for the door, not wanting Castiel to get caught in the line of fire.
Somewhere along the line, insults turn into actual conversation, though the topics never stray far from their research or the Winchesters’ movements. It’s not until Kevin starts asking questions about Crowley, and he finds himself answering without malice or sarcasm, that Crowley knows something significant has changed between them. Kevin doesn’t ask him about Hell or the things he has done since becoming a demon. Those questions would hit too close to home to do any good for the truce they’ve somehow stumbled upon.
Castiel smiles as Bobby drags him in for a one-armed hug. He'd like to stay like this, enjoying this feeling, but the moment doesn’t last. It never does. Explosions erupt nearby, shaking the ground under their feet.
He turns to see Cain already in the process of transferring the Mark back to himself, muttering something in a language Sam doesn't recognize. He glances at Dean. His brother hasn’t moved and his eyes remain closed. He’s not sure what happened inside Dean’s head, but whatever it was must have put him back in the driver seat long enough to answer Cain’s request. Red streaks bleed away from Dean’s arm, leaving it Mark free as the red glow travels up to Cain. Sam takes a step back from him as Cain releases Dean’s arm, almost doubling over as the Mark reasserts its power.
Dean Jonathan Winchester was born in the middle of summer, a thunderstorm raging outside the hospital. Dean can’t process why his little brother and wonderful wife would want to name their kid after him of all people, but the sense of pride and feeling of love he has when he holds his nephew for the first time obliterates any thoughts of being unworthy of it.
Sam gives him this grateful look with that goofy half smile of his and Dean wants to say more, but his eyes are already drooping. He did manage to eat most of his soup this time. Improvements all around.
Castiel doesn’t get to see much of Dean as they continue to make the necessary arrangements. The elder Winchester spends most of his time playing the happy groom for the locals, in an attempt to keep suspicions to a minimum. In the short moments he does see him, Castiel tells Dean of his adventures in wedding planning and finds himself taking great pleasure in the laughter his tales generate.
“Dean, we can stop this. If I get back to the Impala. Get back into town. I can find something to counteract this.”
Granted, he’s sleepy again, but that’s nothing new and not even surprising, all things considered. It feels like forever since they’ve been together like this and if Dean was that excited about it, Castiel has got to be feeling it too. Dean knows he is. He could feel Castiel’s dick pressing hard against his leg when he’d been pinning him down.
They scatter around the diner after that. Sam wanted to leave them alone to discuss amongst themselves what they would want to do. Dean and Castiel came to the same conclusion, the three of them taking up spots throughout what would have once been the customer side of diner to keep an eye out for any potential trouble.
So far as Castiel is concerned, none of the angels kept in those cells should have been there. Most were there for trying to help humanity despite being given direct orders to look the other way. Even the charges against Gadreel had seemed trumped up at best, and he was an angel that had long been used as a cautionary tale for the rest of the Host due to his shameful distinction of being the first angel to ever be imprisoned.
Dean has to stop and rest a few times when his legs threaten to give out on him. He crouches down, not letting himself fall all the way to the ground, afraid that he won’t be able to get back up again if he does. Resting his head back against the rock behind him, he tries to catch his breath. It hurts. Whether it’s from the injury to his ribs back in Heaven or something else, Dean can’t tell. He doesn’t stay still long, pausing for only a minute or two before he clambers back to his feet and continues dragging himself forwards.
He’s blank. What the hell do you say to someone in this situation? Dean is sure they don’t sell apologetic Hallmark cards for inappropriate boners.
Bagnael glances around, nodding at a few of the closer angels as they go back to their business, “Besides, even if I wanted to, I don’t have the power to pry them open on my own. Nor do you. One more day and the gates will be open.”
Jack leads them around the outskirts of the city, keeping along the shadows of the outer buildings. They walk for what feels like hours. It occurs to Castiel that by now, they should be hungry and thirsty, but by either Jack’s magic or Heaven’s, their normal human requirements seem to be on hold for now. In the distance, Castiel can see small tendrils of smoke rising from a large building just off from the outskirts of the city.
He knew Cas was gradually becoming more human and less angel, but surely he hadn’t fallen far enough to be affected by this kind of stuff yet. Castiel gives another wracking cough and Dean can’t help but panic a little, unable to shake the thought that maybe he has.
His is slow to reciprocate, shocked to receive such a warm greeting from someone he hasn’t met before, “Hello Mary.”
Dean gets his chance to repay the favor to Castiel two days later. Charlie had brought snacks and a movie for them to watch together. Visits from Charlie and Kevin were always much preferred over Sam, at least in Dean’s opinion, if only because they brought fun things to do while Sam got stuck with the boring, keeping yourself alive and on the mend kind of stuff. Not only that, Charlie and Kevin had some damn manners. They always knocked before entering and asked if Dean wanted some company instead of walking in like they owned the place, unlike some annoying little brothers.
His eyes fall to the cup cradled in his long fingers, momentarily unable to look anyone in the eye. There hasn’t been many instances in Cas’ ill-conceived quest to synthetically revert back to his old, emotionless self that he has been taken unawares by long buried and alcohol doused feelings and memories. Good as he is at keeping his system constantly subdued in a haze of drugs, sex, and a good dose of violence, every once in a while something gets through.
“You know about her?” Dean asks, “Word was, the archangels were supposed to have killed all the knights of Hell.”
There’s a huge machine behind the building. It sounds like the thing is running, but it doesn’t look like it’s doing anything.
“I haven’t. I have an uncle whose middle name is ‘Cassiel.’" Castiel says, stressing the word, "Apparently, when they asked my mother what she wanted my name to be after I was born, the nurse heard wrong and put a ‘t’ instead of a ‘s.’ I suppose my parents never felt the need to correct her.”
Sighing, Cas releases his grip on the handrail and turns. Dean comes to a stop in front of him. Rearranging his features into his patented shit-eating grin, Cas stares him down.
“Guess we oughta head out soon. I told Sam we’d be back today. I’m going to grab a shower. We’ll get out of Pontiac and stop somewhere for breakfast. You’ve gotta be starving.”
“I know I do not understand everything about human society,” Castiel growls, without looking away from Dean, “but I am fairly certain this is not how you invite someone to a gathering.”
Jessica tosses aside the rest of the rope as she moves over to start working on Karen’s. For whatever reason, it’s much easier to work on the ropes when you’re able to see them. With help from the others, they’re free in a matter of minutes.
Dean nods and Cas immediately removes his beaten and battered jeans, letting them fall to the floor. Cas is hard already, his swollen cock curling up towards his belly as he scoots back further on the other bed. Dean can’t blame him. The dude had just watched his other self get his rocks off and he figures that was pretty fucking hot.
I hope this turned out all right. I think it did. Definitely the quickest I've ever got a story done, so hey, there's that!
Castiel half expects the hunter to stumble out of the car when he hears his voice, but Dean doesn’t move. He seems to be content with them tangled up together in the backseat.
Castiel looks at Sam for the first time since they’d recovered Dean, “I’m going to speak with Dean.”
They are halfway down the path when Dean hears something. Footfalls pound against the rock. Someone or something is running after them. Dean whips around, ready for whatever might be coming to attack them.
“It’s a subtle difference. In this case, it looks like the angels were ejected from Heaven and sent into exile. Yeah, you guys saw them fall, but we’re really not sure what happened to their grace.”
“Search no more, brother. You’ve found him. Can you truly not tell? We are all of us diminished to a certain degree, but I’ve not met anyone who couldn’t still spot one of their own,” Jophiel pauses, looking Castiel over, “Or are the rumors true? Don’t tell me you’re completely human now, are you Castiel?”
The memory wipes. Castiel didn’t remember whole sections of his past. Those memories had been taken from him to keep Castiel towing the company line. To control him. But what if it was because they didn’t want him remembering what he was?
“It took time to get in touch with him. You’d given me enough information that a friend of mine who’s an alumnus of Stanford was able to track him down,” Castiel says, glancing away for a moment, “He wasn’t too happy to hear from me. I had to convince him that I truly had lost your number. He’s very protective of you.”
Sam starts fidgeting, rubbing the back of his neck as his eyes dance around, landing anywhere but Dean.
However, since that morning after their fight with the demons, Castiel hasn’t had to find a reason to touch Dean. The hunter had always been more tactile than most, aching for human touch just as much as Castiel does now. In the past, Dean had found it necessary to satisfy that need between hunts with various people he found in towns the Winchesters stopped in, but Dean seems to enjoy the convenience of Castiel being an arm's length away. When they are with the others, Dean reaches out for Castiel’s hand under a table in the library or runs his fingers through his hair while they watch TV. He makes it a point to bump Castiel’s shoulder, letting their arms brush against one another as they walk through the halls of the Bunker. Castiel savors every minute of it, but he never initiates contact.
They’re spared another argument over Dean’s health when Tracy and Simon appear from the hallway. Ted trails after them.
Mary nods, “I found myself here after our run in with the poltergeist you boys were hunting. Your father arrived sometime after he escaped from Hell.”
Dean is reluctant to continue, but does, glancing away, “The short version is you, for some stupid reason, gave me some of your grace when you dragged my sorry ass out of Hell. Apparently, over the years, it’s gotten all mixed up with my soul and now it’s kind of been jump started.”
Dean hasn’t looked at him yet, his vacant stare directed at the kitchen in front of him. Castiel doesn’t want to frighten him and do more damage to Dean’s already fragile psyche. Instead, Castiel sits on the ground next to him. Waiting. He watches the scene unfold, expecting something awful to happen. Nothing does. John comes in through the backdoor, hugging Mary and giving her a kiss on the cheek as he puts his lunchbox down on the counter. John turns and smiles.
“I could explain, but we’d be here a while and frankly, I’d rather spend my vacation to the past doing something other than teaching you all the complexities of angelic assisted time bending.”
Dean rolls his eyes, flipping the burger he’s making in the skillet for his dinner while he has his cellphone trapped between his ear and his shoulder.
Dean must look like a wild animal right now, because that’s how Bobby is talking to him. He feels like it. He doesn’t know if it’s their connection or Castiel’s grace that’s stuck inside him or just Dean himself, but it’s like his body is screaming at him to move. To get to Castiel. To do something.
He feels along Castiel’s neck. There’s a pulse, and it’s strong. Some of Dean’s initial panic eases. Dean shakes him, but his body remains limp. He rolls Castiel onto his back, running his hand through the riot of black hair, pulling him into his lap.
“I’ll tell you when we’re all together. None of you are going to like this, and I will only be able to stomach the mandatory angry, angst ridden whine-fest from the three of you once.”
He looks away from Sam, choosing to stare up at the ceiling instead, “You won’t have much time. What grace I have left will help me stay under longer than normal, but I won’t be able to hold it indefinitely.”
He can’t ignore this, though. It’s like the ache goes straight down to his bones and no amount of rest or sleep will get rid of it. He gets some reprieve during the day when he is up doing something or is distracted by the people around him. Night is a different story. He misses Castiel. On the other nights this has happened, Dean would wait out the sick feeling, wash himself up a bit, then head back to bed. It's a comfort having Castiel lying in their bed, fast asleep. It was something worth dragging himself back to. Now, he doesn’t have that incentive.
“At least one of the Winchesters appreciates my sense of humor,” Jack says, grinning at Sam, holding out a hand for him to shake, “Name’s Jack.”
He hears Sam move towards the door, but his footsteps stop, “Hey Cas? When you see Dean, tell him -- Tell him I --”
“Everyone will be assigned a specific position. I ask that you return to the lobby of your building in an orderly fashion. A list is available there with each individual’s assigned post. You are to report to your designated area immediately. The specifics will be explained to you upon your arrival. Now, we have many people to get through, so if you all would form lines and make your way quickly it would be much appreciated.”
“I was helping the Winchesters. God had always wanted the angels to help humanity, not usher them along the path to destruction. I was doing what He commanded. The majority of the time, anyway.”
Sam shrugs, glancing away. He doesn’t want to burst Dean’s bubble, but he doubts his recovery from pushing the abort button on the trials will in any way resemble getting over the flu. Time, rest, and plenty of fluids aren’t going to cut it with this one. He's grateful when Kevin changes the subject.
“Giving me the cold shoulder?” Dean asks, leering in closer, nose grazing Castiel’s cheek as he turns away from this damned version of Dean, “Come on, don’t be like that. I let you have your fun with the rest of me. Least you can do is be sociable.”
“That’s what we’re guessing,” Ellen says, handing Dean two extra blades to give to the two new souls joining them.
Dean leans back far enough to wink at him as he starts to unravel the loose knot of Castiel’s blue tie. The angel feels the material drag across the back of his neck as this version of Dean pulls on it, eyes never leaving Castiel’s. When the last of it slips out from under his shirt collar, Dean takes the tie and starts wrapping it around Castiel’s wrists, pulling tight. He secures it to something over the his head, freeing up both hands.
Castiel cuts himself off. Dean half expects Castiel to bolt, but the fallen angel just sits there, head bowed. Joshua is looking at him, pity in his eyes. Dean is glad Cass doesn't see it.
Sam pulls him close, encasing Dean in a hug. Dean leans against him, closing his eyes as a tear falls. He wraps an arm around his little brother, the movement lethargic. He twists his fist into the fabric of Sam’s jacket, trying to hold on.
Dean opens his mouth to speak, closes it, and considers the angel for a minute before saying, “Well, damn Cas, I’ve got nothing to say to that.”
With that, Dean follows Chuck, who begins babbling about Father only knows what. Cas is almost certain it’s in regards to the former prophet’s complex formula for the distribution of cans of Spam. Left alone in the silence once more, Cas drops his head into his hands, rubbing his palms into his eyes.
“Sure, but you’re talking about adding another two passengers,” Gabriel says, glancing at John and Mary, “None of us are at full power in here. It’s going to drain me.”
Once the last few costumed characters pass through, the festivities truly begin in earnest. Booths and tables line the sidewalks and are scattered around the small park located towards the middle of town. Some hand out candy while others sell any number of delicious looking foods. Others are devoted to games. White Christmas lights are strung in the trees, helping the street lamps illuminate the night as they cast a warm glow among the reds and yellows of the autumn leaves.
“Me too,” Dean says, trying to tamper down the desire to grab the man and hold on tight, “I’m glad I didn’t.”
Castiel bangs his head on the underside of his bed, cursing as he scoots out from under it. He looks over his shoulder, glaring at Dean while he rubs his head.
Bobby is slumped slightly in his wheelchair with his eyes closed, blood drenching the front of his flannel shirt. Somewhere in his brain, Dean wonders how in the hell the old man made it back home so quickly. He’d been almost a state away earlier, with no intention of returning today. There’s no sign of Sam anywhere. Dean can’t see any wounds, but moves in closer to see if… Dean’s not really willing to think of the if’s at the moment. He’s only halfway to Bobby when he hears something behind him.
“I harrowed Hell for you. I turned my back on Heaven for you. I’ve died for you, Dean. I was under the impression that humans believed actions speak louder than words.”
Dean knows he doesn’t remember all of Hell, but he remembers enough. He remembers cleaving flesh from bone. He had reveled in the sounds of the screams and the tortured cries he drew out of the souls placed in front of him. It was the sweetest music he’d ever heard, the ultimate soundtrack to the horrors that surrounded him. And he loved it every bit as much as he loathed himself for enjoying it. He remembers trudging through knee-deep pools of blood after a day of tearing into soul after soul. He would lose track of who all the blood belonged to, never sure if it was his or the guy on his rack. There weren’t any mirrors in Hell, but he doesn’t think anyone could have recognized him by the end, not even his own brother.
“Aw shucks, my heart’s all aflutter with how much you care, Sam” Gabriel says with a wink before disappearing.
He can feel his hold slipping. Dean reaches down, wrapping an arm around his other self’s neck, choking him. Dean was expecting a fight from the angel, but he doesn’t have time. He turns back to Castiel, their eyes meeting. God, how he wishes they had more time.
“Then what is it?” Dean asks, taking a few steps back. It's like somewhere in his head he thinks if he distances himself physically, what's coming won't hurt as much.
“He’ll be fine. Cass was a trained soldier long before met us. It’s not like he doesn’t know how to take care of himself in a fight,” Sam says, “And you heard him, he knows the lay of the land. He’ll be able to see what’s coming.”
Charles continues, looking just as disturbed by the prospect as everyone else, “Not only does it make them stronger than your average demon, it also allows them to stay in Heaven. They’re not supposed to be up here. They need that extra boost just to manifest themselves.”
Unnecessary as the comment is, Gadreel isn’t wrong. They do need to get moving. Crowley had been spying on Abaddon’s operations for months now, and even he is amazed at how many demons keep coming out of the woodwork in an attempt to overrun them. Their hodgepodge of an army keeps slashing, the sunlight fading fast. Between a few well timed attacks with Kevin’s homemade demon bombs and the demon blood kids’ soul charged powers, they finally see the end of the demons.
Sam’s first instinct is to say yes, but Death has never gone out of his way to do any harm to any of them. Even when Sam and Dean had bound Death to them in the hopes of stopping Castiel, he had simply informed them that he would reap them should they try to bind him again, knowing full well that the threat alone would be more than an enough to stop them. He’s not a villain. He’s not a hero. He just... Is.
“When in Rome. Literally,” Bobby says, as they stroll by the Pantheon, sat between a red brick high rise and a cafe that looks like it came straight off a postcard from Paris.
“Data entry. They’re having us fill out information on every soul in Heaven, specifically family groups and friends for each individual.”
Dean jolts, staring at Castiel as the former angel talks. Images fill his mind of darkened streets and blood smeared on doorways. He can almost hear the cries ringing in his ears. He can see the two kids. He remembers waking up from a nightmare in a tangle of sheets on his bedroom floor.
“How’d you know about me? Doesn’t sound like you were with the boys long enough to get their whole life story.”
“Because it’s always been you. Don’t get me wrong, Cas and I are friends. Good friends. But lets be honest, there’s something going on between you two.”
Ash turns the screen towards them. Rufus gets up off his stool to come have a look. After staring at it for minute, he straightens crossing his arms.
“Look, I know I don’t say it often. It’s not that I don’t want to. Hell, if I said it every time I feel like saying it, I’d never stop. But it’s hard for me...”
Wherever they are, it’s packed. People line the roadways and sidewalks, milling around one another, all with shocked looks on their faces.
“Listen man, much as I hate to say it, we’re going to have to save the welcome home festivities until later. Right now, I’ve got to find Sam. He should be around here somewhere.”
“I know you guys are new to this human thing, but it’s kind of self-explanatory that the middle of the street is a no parking zone.” Dean says, as he moves forward to stand next to Castiel.
It’s a stupid question. Castiel can hear the smirk in Dean’s voice. He slams the cabinet shut, using Dean’s surprise to gain the upper hand. Castiel turns, getting a fist full of Dean’s blue button down and the black shirt under it as he manhandles the hunter to the back of the room, finding a dark corner behind some bookcases. Castiel pushes him up against the cool concrete wall, staring Dean down. The shadows are deep here and he can only see part of the hunter’s face. Dean looks shocked, but Castiel is pleased to see his pupils are dilated, mouth slack. Castiel leans in, lips inches from Dean’s.
“Yeah, I don’t think that matters,” Dean says, dropping what packets he’d caught and batting Castiel’s out of his hands, letting all of it fall to a pile on the floor, “Run!”
The “ceremony” runs smooth. Everyone is all smiles, chuckling politely at all the right parts, and Sam only has to bring Castiel’s attention to the fact that his grip on the pew in front of him is in danger of breaking the wood four times. Afterwards, everyone is ushered into the hall and once in, the hunters attack.
Dean picks that moment to reemerge, a glass of milk and a plate with a turkey sandwich on it in hand. Crowley must have requested some food. Sam, who knows that turkey has been in the fridge long enough to be questionable, figures it must have passed the Dean Winchester sniff test, and feels a little sorry for what Crowley might be about to experience.
“All right, if you insist,” Jack says, “But I would like to point out that it’s you two who are starting this off on the wrong foot by bringing along an extra passenger, so I’ll take no sass from either of you.”
How could Dean be stupid enough to run after whatever was riding Castiel without backup? Sam already knows the answer. It’s like his brother is hardwired to do whatever ridiculously dangerous thing is required to try to save the people he loves.
When Dean gets a good, solid rhythm going and feels like he’s not going to fly apart just from being inside Castiel, Dean lets his hands wander. One hand ghosts across Castiel’s chest, while the other finds its way to his cock. Dean's hand moves in time with his thrusts, taking his time. Castiel lets out another groan that he’s quick to muffle when Dean touches his dick. Castiel's fingers and knuckles are white from his iron tight grip on the metal shelf.
Dean makes a quick round of the Bunker. When Castiel doesn’t turn up anywhere, he heads outside. There's no moon. The stars twinkle bright over head against the vast blackness as a cool summer breeze slides through the long grass. Dean’s eyes search the area, expecting to see Castiel leaning against a tree or doubled up near the stairs. Instead he finds the former angel sitting in the backseat of the Impala. He opens one of the back doors and looks in. Castiel is plastered to the other side of the car like he’s trying to become one with it, his eyes staring straight ahead, his arms crossed tight around him.
Dean turns away and starts back down the hall. He’s at Castiel’s door in less than thirty seconds, opening it just enough for him to slip through. Dean takes his time closing the door, trying to keep the noise down. He wants to get the jump on Castiel.
“In the flesh. Well, give or take. The name’s Jack,” the man says as he puts the whistle in the pocket of his raggedy, tweed jacket.
Dean finds himself alternating between frantically licking his way into Castiel’s mouth and being rendered useless by Cas’ attentions. Cas leaves him gasping for air against Castiel’s open and waiting mouth until his brain kicks back in. Castiel runs his hand through Dean’s hair, fingers trailing down to skim across the lines of his face. Through it all, he holds Dean tight, keeping him anchored.
“Stop canoodling with your boyfriend,” Jack says, glaring up at them through the dome of his plastic space helmet, “You guys are missing all the fun!”
The truth of the matter is, Dean is concerned about it, but not as much as he’s concerned about his brother or Castiel or Kevin. Hell, he’s even concerned about Crowley, though Dean’s worry there is that the "saved" demon is waiting for the right time to kill them all in their sleep. Why can’t they take a little time and gather themselves? Would that be so bad?
Crowley calls the next day giving Sam a location for them to meet a little over thirty miles from where Abaddon is based. Sam can tell Dean is on edge as they pack up the Impala. They are heading into a place, sight unseen, with just Crowley’s word that it’s not a trap. He would be an idiot not to question it. Sam even feels uneasy as they pull away from the Bunker. They haven’t been sitting idle over the last few days. Charlie, with Kevin’s help, has been putting her computer skills and contacts to work trying to find back channel ways to get large amounts of the required ingredients to make more demon bombs. Some of the supplies had started to trickle in, but they weren't able to get anything ready in time for this mission.
They sit in silence for a few moments, watching as Sam receives his high school diploma. Sam waves it at someone in the crowd, but he can’t find John or another version of Dean sitting anywhere near where Sam is smiling at. Dean turns to Castiel, his once vivid green eyes now dulled. Castiel feels like he can’t breathe.
“Yikes,” Dean says, eyes widening as he looks through the pictures the local corner had sent Sam, “Dude’s insides look —“
In the times he has been left alone since talking with Joshua, he has taken to trying to do some of the stuff he'd seen Castiel do over the years. Nothing huge like popping out to the Grand Canyon or anything, but small things. He knew Castiel could make stuff move sometimes, and Dean was all for anything that resembled something a Jedi could do. This morning, he tried to make a pen move from the desk in the motel room to where he was sitting on his bed. Dean was almost positive the thing had twitched in his direction, but Castiel had interrupted, coming through the door with food, so he couldn’t be sure.
Jophiel and those other angels that had been flanking Metatron when Castiel had been taken must have had some way of getting up here. They had all been under the impression that angels setting foot in Heaven after the fall was impossible. Metatron must have found a loop hole giving him a way to get from Earth to Heaven and back again. He would have needed the spell or sigil or whatever handy to send for his backstabbing flunkies.
“I wasn’t sure you were going to make it,” Bagnael says, as he holds his gate open long enough for Castiel to slip back through.
“Don’t give me that,” Sam says, swinging toward him, “We’ve known Cas for almost two years now and for most of that time you’ve seen or talked to him almost everyday and now he’s suddenly a no-show?”
That would be a negative on the whole taking care of what’s damaged closer to home idea then. Dean glares at the back of the newspaper Castiel is hiding behind. The former angel had taken up reading all the newspapers he could get his hands on, even looking at the online versions when he couldn’t find print. He’s surprised to see Castiel awake, considering the way the guy is all kicked back with his newspaper resting over his eyes. He must have been playing possum, the sneaky bastard.
Pete eyes Dean, Sam, and Castiel before turning back to Jack with a frown, “Are these the souls you owe me? They don’t look like much.”
Together, Sam and Castiel hauled Dean out of the factory’s basement. Most of the fallen angels and hunters had already left the scene. Any left were working on clean up. They had maneuvered Dean into the Impala, but Castiel had refused to let go of him. Both of them had been sprawled in the backseat, the angel clinging to Dean as Sam made record time down deserted back roads. All Sam could think about was getting his brother back home. It was a relief when they’d got Dean settled back into his room in the Bunker.
“Were we required to climb every step, we would have died of old age long before reaching the halfway point,” Castiel says as he walks over to the hunter holding out a hand to help Dean up.
Castiel pauses, looking down at Dean’s hand on his wrist, “I don’t remember giving you my grace in Hell, but the only possible reason for me to do so would have been to save your soul from fading out of existence.”
There hadn’t been much money left from their parents, but between Dean and Bobby, they’d been able to cover Sam's schooling. It had helped that his little brother was a brainiac and got a large chunk of it taken care of with different scholarships. Still, it wasn’t cheap. Dean had put off his own education to make sure Sam would be set. Until two years ago, that is, when Bobby had put a boot up Dean’s ass to get started doing some of the stuff he’d need to do for his own career. Without Bobby, Dean’s not sure where either of them would have ended up.
“I’m afraid I won’t have much in the way of specifics. Despite claims to the contrary, the Watchers were not omniscient. Although, I can see why you two would be so interested,” Joshua says, pointing at Azazel’s name on the list.
Dean creeps down the hallway in full stealth mode, his socked feet silent against the floor. He’s mentally patting himself on the back for being so awesome when he runs straight into Charlie, nearly knocking her down. He reaches a hand out to steady her, Charlie doing the same for him.
Bobby and Rufus poke their heads out long enough to look down a darkened alley. There are all kinds of figures milling about. It’s strange. Not only are there so many people gathered in an almost abandoned part of town, but the alley is silent. You could walk by and not even know they were there if you weren’t looking. Bobby can’t make all of the figures out, the shadows too deep between the towering buildings, but that feeling of dread starts to creep back up on him as he studies the scene. He doesn’t see any of those creatures like the one he had seen before, but he’s sure at least one of them is down there. The figures he can make out appear to be human souls.
He bangs on the door again. Crowley had told Sam that Cain wasn’t much for suffering visitors. He was going to have to make exception for Sam. He tries the doorknob, not surprised to find it locked. Taking out his lock kit, Sam gets to work picking it.
But, against all odds, they had made it. They came out the other side, completely free and mostly intact. Dean would be lying if he said it hadn’t hurt when Jack left. He was happy for him. The kid seemed at peace and well suited for his new gig. He wasn’t alone. Amara was with him. Still, the bunker felt a little less like home when Sam and Dean returned without him, despite the addition of Miracle. And while most of the bunker felt a little less whole, the hallway leading to the dungeon felt like a black void. The atmosphere around it felt heavy with absence. Dean avoided it at all costs.
“From both of you, mind,” Jack says, looking around Castiel to Dean, eyebrows raised, “And old Stingy Jack always collects.”
