Gabriel was like an over excited puppy when they returned.  “Wow!” was his initial reaction when he saw Castiel in his new jacket and clothes.    “Looking good Cassie.”   He insisted on seeing all the purchases, and ooh’ed and ahh’ed over the new clothes as he dug through the bags pulling out the various items.   “Good taste Dean-o,” he complimented, admiring the red Converse boots.
Pausing to look at Castiel, Dean reached out and rested a hand on his chest, just above Castiel’s heart, “How do you want me?” he breathed.
Checking his mirrors to ensure the coast was clear, Dean slowed the car as much as possible, without coming to a complete stand still.  Benny jumped out, slammed the door and rolled off into the vegetation on the side of the road.  Dean applied the gas, and within another minute found the turning for the trail head on the left.  The area was little more than a single track about 50 yards long that lead to a small, currently empty, gravel strewn area that acted as a small car park.   He sighed in relief as he discovered he was the first one there, and after quickly assessing the area, he parked the Impala in such a way that he could still exit using the track, but the most likely spot for another vehicle to park would mean that it would be closer to the tree line.   Dean’s hope was that it would mean Alistair would have his back to the trees and give Benny a better chance of maintaining cover.
Dean groaned, "You have been watching too many chick flicks with Sam." He kissed him again, "I mean, can I errr 'help' you?" he stammered copying Cas's phrasing from earlier.
“But it felt like more?” persisted Gabriel. “I know you Cassie, you have a subtle appreciation for words. You said love not sex. It meant something to you.”
“Hey, with some of the people that visit here, you may want to reconsider that statement.  Especially if they see you wearing this stuff,” joked Gabriel.
Gently shaking his head, like he couldn’t quite believe he was doing this, Lee let out a long breath, “OK.  But you owe me like your first born for this.”
“I was thinking I might...” Gabriel entered the kitchen and broke off at the sight of Dean’s injured back.  “Ouch, that looks painful.”
Dean nodded and mentally saved the image of Castiel bending over like that for another time.   Pulling himself together Dean indicated the mats, to Castiel and Sam.   “OK.  I don’t want to do any throws or anything that might hurt your ribs again.  We’ll concentrate on some close quarter stuff.   Sammy go easy on him.”
“No, but I did spend an awful lot of time with the Girl Scouts.” Gabriel smirked and wiggled his eyebrows at Dean.
The waitress arrived with their drinks, and Dean indicated the street again.  “Pick someone else.  Tell me what you like.”
Dean looked like he was about to say something, but closed his mouth, he gave a small nod of acknowledgement, and climbed in the car.
“Big enough for 12,” joked Zar, and winked as Dean passed him a bowl of bread cubes.  “Ou douze comme on dit en français,” said Zar in impeccable French.
"Are you OK with that? I mean waiting. I really want you make you feel good Cas. Like you did for me. Not just some clumsy hand…." Cas kissed him again.
OK.  So I got a bit excited and wanted to share the next chapter early.   Thanks to MalicMalic for prompting a particular scene, that I hope you enjoy.
“I wanna suck you,” said Dean gruffly.  “And what you said earlier about making love, I want that too.”
“I don’t want you go either,” confessed Castiel opening the front door quietly.  “But I get the feeling your Dad might be timing your return to the minute.”
“Sonofabitch.”   Dean was already moving out of the toilets and heading towards the nearest exit at a fast pace.
The realisation of what just happened hit Dean.  A thousand different ways the situation may have gone wrong, and a torrent of ‘what if’s’ spun though his mind.    What if Alistair had brought a gun?  What if there’d been more than 2 people?  What if Castiel had been badly injured?  What if Castiel had been killed?  What if he hadn’t been able to get to the knife?  What if he hadn’t had the gun? What if his plan hadn’t worked.   A massive avalanche of doubt was clouding his mind.  Dean knew he had to hold it together for just a bit longer.
“Good for you Sam,” said Gabriel enthusiastically. He returned to looking at Castiel.   “So, bed baby bro, what’s it gonna be.   Sofa or the Playroom?”
“Thank you.”  Castiel bent down to kiss Dean again, sucking another mark into Dean’s neck.   Grabbing a pillow, Castiel indicated for Dean to lift his hips, and then slid the pillow underneath him.
“We still need to sort out your hair,” Dean said, approaching him.   “I was thinking perhaps a bit of colour, just on the tips.  Maybe a bit of gel, to keep it wild.”  Dean reached out as if to touch Castiel’s hair, then pulled back suddenly, as though he realised what he was doing.
“Dude, I’ve seen you run.   I don’t think your runner’s thighs could fit in skinny jeans,” said Dean dryly.  “But we can give it a go.”   Dean took a drink of his coffee and had another thought.  “Tell me, who do you see on TV, or in a film, and think ‘I wanna be like them’?”
Dean felt everything tighten uncontrollably, and gasped out, “Cas.  Gonna cum,” his vision turning white as Castiel repeatedly hit his prostate.
Dean nodded. Why did it feel like everything was conspiring against him? Charlie several states away. The court case was only 2 days away. Dean sighed. He knew it wasn’t Sam’s fault. It was just the way of things. The odds were stacked in favour of Alphas. He glanced at the clock on the wall, all he could do was be here for Jack.
“My parents didn’t approve of jeans,” said Castiel like this was an everyday occurrence. “Actually, they didn’t approve of a lot of things.   The whole family was expected to dress conservatively.    Think blazers, ties, button downs and penny loafers – the whole prep school look, from about three years old.   Actually, wearing a tracksuit to school compared to that was liberating.  Then, when I left home at 15, I literally had the clothes on my back – my tracksuit.  Thank goodness Gabriel was there.”
Dean turned and Benny took an involuntary step backwards at the look on Dean’s face.  Dean looked positively murderous.  “Take a breath,” said Benny.   “What’s your plan?”
"But I think about you often too," said Cas confused. "Of all the beings I have met and interacted with over the millennia of my life, I find that you are the one human that I think about and care about the most. I cannot stand by while you suffer so." Cas reach out and placed his hand on Dean's shoulder, where the barely visible scar of his handprint remained, creating a connection between them.
North Eagle Pass Drive was only about twelve minutes by car from the school.   It was a nice middleclass area, with lots of photogenic houses.  Dean figured Gabriel was probably doing alright for himself if he could afford to live here.
In the Playroom, Dean grabbed his duffle bag, and started folding his few clothes into the bag.  Used to travelling light, it didn’t take long to pack everything away.  Grabbing his washbag, he threw it on top of his clothes and sighed.  He looked up to see Castiel standing at the doorway, almost as though he was afraid to intrude.
Castiel didn’t seem to notice, and quickly he opened the front door and led Dean back to the Impala.    “I presumed you would prefer to drive?”
Dean choked, “Fuck Angel, how the hell do you go from blushing virgin one minute to man-whore the next?”
“When Alistair came at me, he thought I was unarmed.   But I’d hidden a knife in the gravel.   When I kneeled, I grabbed the knife and threw at Azzer, to stop him chasing Cas.  Alistair kept coming, I grabbed the gun after that,” explained Dean.
He picked up Cas's hand and kissed it gently. "I don't need to Angel. I have everything I want, right here."
“Yeah, I know.  Don’t acknowledge you,” said Dean sadly.   He walked away a few steps before turning and calling back to Castiel.  “But you can acknowledge me if you want.”  He ran off before he could any response.
Dean glared at Sam, but Sam just held up his hands and smiled. "You would have, and have done the same for me," said Sam lightly. "Although when you did it, I am fairly sure both guns and knives were involved."
At this, Castiel let his finger rest on Dean’s hole, and gave a very small push, slipping it past the ring of muscle, about half an inch.
Gordon and Alistair walked over to where the rest of their gang stood.  The ones Dean hadn’t seen.  In total there were five boys, two of which carried petrol cans.   “You know what you gotta do,” said Alistair.   They nodded in silent agreement.
Knowing how Dean’s body responded to his touch, Castiel continued his gentle movements, gradually building Dean’s desire and need for release to a crescendo. Several bouts of passionate and vigorous love making had already occurred yesterday and last night; Castiel’s Alpha giving his Omega what he needed. Now Castiel knew that Dean needed a different touch, less fast and furious, more worshipping and loving. A long, slow, drawn out crawl to the finish line, rather than a sprint, drawing out Dean’s pleasure.
Quickly making their way to the door, Dean shouted a goodbye to Gabriel in the kitchen and Sam waved.   They climbed into the Impala and backed carefully out of the drive.
“Missouri, if it means my pup’s OK, you can deliver him via my tonsils,” said Dean. “Please just make sure he’s OK?”
Dean allowed himself to fall sideways on to his back, the gravel digging in and cutting into his back through his T-shirt.   He pushed back with his feet, scrabbling, trying to gain a purchase and brought the gun up, Alistair’s eyes went wide, but he was already committed, and gravity worked against him, despite trying to pull back.   Dean stared into Alistair’s eyes, his own face a mask of stone, and pulled the trigger twice in quick succession.  At this range, Dean could not miss.   Alistair jerked as the bullets hit, before his momentum carried him forward, and he fell face first and lay on the ground unmoving.  Instinctively Dean scanned the area for the next attack, but only saw Azzer propping himself against the campervan - no threat.
Wow.  A huge thank you to everyone who left a comment on the last chapter.  I was overwhelmed by your kind comments and reactions to Benny's death.   I was genuinely touched that so many of you felt moved enough to leave a comment.   My humble thanks to you all.
Dean leaned forward and kissed him gently, allowing his mouth to relax and their tongues find each other.   They kissed languidly for a while before Dean sighed and said, “I think I should be thanking you.  You were incredible.  This place is incredible.   Can’t we just stay here?”
At the conclusion of his explanation, Dean stopped talking and waited for their comments.    There was an immense pause and wall of silence as Lee looked at Benny, Benny looked at Lee and they both looked at Dean.   It felt like no one wanted to be the first to disrupt the intricate picture Dean had woven of his intentions.
As he normally only slept for four to five hours a night, Dean was used to waking up whilst it was still dark.  It was, therefore, a surprise to feel the warmth of a sun beam that had crept around the side of the curtain, strike his face.  Carefully opening his eyes, so he wouldn’t be blinded by the bright light, he was momentarily confused by the heavy weight across him, preventing him from moving.   Glancing down, he was confronted by a mop of mess black and blue hair.  This was Cas!   He was in bed with Castiel.  With sudden a rush of affection, the memories of their time spent together last night came flooding back.  They had spent the night together, and oh what a night.  He smiled at the thoughts.
Gasping at the intensity of Dean’s embrace, Castiel returned the compliment by grabbing Dean’s thighs and lifting him, turning to brace him against the wall.
Once he had his book, Castiel dropped back to both feet, and turned, surprised to see Dean standing across the room.   “Hello Dean,” he said pleasantly, in his deep voice.  “I finally found that book on Nordic Runes you were looking for.”
Castiel’s incident with the trip wire was investigated, but as no one had seen anything, and there was no CCTV covering that part of the school, no further action could be taken.
The movement must have disturbed Castiel though, as he opened his eyes and looked about in confusion at the angle of the room, and position he found himself in.
“Not sure I needed that much information,” said Benny dryly.   “I guess we don’t need to ask who his lucky companion will be.”
Dean remained on his side until Missouri told him to turn back. “It’ll take about 20 minutes to work fully. You’ll still feel everything, but you won’t feel any pain.”
Benny shook his head, “I’ve barely spoken to him all week.  He’s too wrapped up making sure Cas doesn’t hurt himself.”  They laughed.  “Why?  What’s he up to?”
Cas returned the kisses and realised that Dean was still hard and hadn't received the same release. "I'm sorry, Dean, I was being selfish," he said ashamedly.
Dean carried their bags to the Impala, stowed them in the trunk, and opened the door for Castiel.   Once inside the car, Dean reached for Castiel and rested a hand on his thigh.   “Before we go back to Gabe’s, before this all seems like a dream, I want you to know I meant every word I said last night.   I see a future for us.”
On the fourth shop, Dean seemed to be happier.   He spotted what he wanted and proceeded to make his way purposefully towards the back of the shop.   Castiel followed and watched as Dean proceeded to pick several items from the racks as he passed, piling them into Castiel’s arms.  In addition to clothes, Dean also grabbed a couple of pairs of boots and trainers and several belts, before finally pushing Castiel to the back of the store where there was a sofa type area, with several mirrors.
This chapter is mostly about feelings and the future, but there is a lot of smut interspersed throughout.  (Sorry - not sorry).  There is a lot of dialogue though.  If you don't want to read the smut, there is a synopsis of the main points in the notes at the end.    I apologise in advance for any errors in the gay sex scenes - this is not meant as a learning aid.  I have no experience of gay sex, and most of what I understand about the process is from other fanfiction.
“One or two teachers try.  But my parents are big contributors to almost every politician in the area.  My great great grandparents pretty much founded this town, and the family still owns a lot of it.  They fund large bursaries at the school, and fund lots of events.   Almost every business in this town is either sponsored, funded or supported by my parents.  I’m pretty much the town pariah for taking them to court and winning.  I am fairly sure the only reason I managed that was because they had to get an out of state judge in for the case, because the local one had a heart attack.”   Castiel gave a small depreciating smile.  “I’m considered unnatural and unstable.   At one point they tried to have me committed.   My family spread enough wild rumours about me around the town, that no one is sure what is true and what isn’t.  Some people don’t believe them, but enough people do.”  Castiel sighed, “I am also going to tell you this now, so it won’t be a surprise when hear it from someone else.  Someone lied and told the school receptionist I am HIV+ and it quickly became common knowledge around the school, which means no one at school wants anything to do with me.  I swear I’m clean.   Even though I am not sleeping with anyone, my lawyer insists I get tested every three months, just to have a recent document to prove it if I get challenged on it.”
John went over the sofa seating and lifted the bench cushions to reveal a storage area.   Lifting the lid, John swore.
Reaching for his jacket, he dug through the pocket for his phone. Selecting a number from his contacts, he sat down on the bed, where less than an hour ago he’d made love to Dean, and called his brother. “Hello Gabriel. I need a favour. Can you come and get me?”
“Dean, I’d like to put a cannula in. Just in case we need to give you something. Better to do it now rather than in a rush later,” said Missouri.
Dean swore, blushed a deep red, and glanced at Gabriel who was howling with laughter.   “Dude, seriously!”
Lee shrugged, “I’ve never had anything to do with Cas before myself. I know he was always an active member of the church before his family kicked him out.  He always helped at the community centre, and I used to see him help this deaf old lady there.  He’d take her shopping and sign to her what the assistants were saying.”
After being buzzed in, and logged in at the reception desk, Dean and Sam were quickly taken into a side room for assessment where a nurse was waiting.
Dean showed Castiel the maneuverer again at full speed, and then twice more in slow motion, before indicating that Castiel should try it on him.    It took a few goes, but Castiel learnt the principle quickly, and was able to consistently break free of Dean’s hold.  To test Castiel, Dean suddenly grabbed Castiel’s right wrist, and was pleased that Castiel reacted and broke the grip.
A little over a year after Claire’s birth, and on their second anniversary of their mating, Dean persuaded Castiel that a third baby would complete their family. Unable to deny his Omega, Castiel agreed, and their third pregnancy resulted in the surprise of non-identical twin boys, Ben and James. Dean didn’t quite make it to full term with the twins, with them arriving at 37 weeks, but they were a healthy birth weight of 6lb and 6.5lb respectively, and didn’t spend any time in NICU or the special care baby unit. Ben was the spitting image of Dean, and James of Castiel, to the point that when Sam and Gabriel had dug out old photos of Dean and Castiel as babies, Charlie, Gilda and Meg had been unable to tell them apart.
Dean hesitate slightly, "I thought we might look at the stars for bit, but if you would rather keep on walking."
Dean signed contentedly draping an arm over him, “I don’t know what technical research you did. But I think you aced the practical.”
A noise resembling a whimper escaped Castiel, and Dean smirked.  “Turnover for me,” he asked.  He sensed Castiel tense up.  “Just while I stretch you,” he reassured him.  “Tell me if anything hurts, and I’ll stop right away.”
Castiel found the whole thing rather embarrassing but allowed Dean to fuss.   At one-point Benny almost died laughing as Dean knelt at Castiel’s feet to retie the lace on Castiel’s sneaker, because it was loose.  Castiel raised a single eyebrow and cheekily coughed “sub” at Dean with smile.  Dean smacked Castiel’s good leg in response.
Dean was the first to reach out and place his hand on Cas's hip. "I know I said I would "help" you," said Dean cautiously. "But, I ….. I would like to take some time to err, research, the situation." He finished weakly.
“Oh Dean-o, you’re such a clever boy,” said Gabriel smiling playfully.   Then his face dropped instantly into a hardened expression. “Today, I remembered something you said, when you came to see Cassie the day after you brought him home.  You said you’d be gone when school finished.  Is that still the case?”
Gabriel looked over at John and raised the bottle in salute.   “You’ve raised a couple of fine boys.”
Deciding to keep things simple, and keep the more athletic options for another time when they both knew each other's responses a little better, Dean said, "last night, what you did for me, can I do that for you? Will you let me make love to you, out here under the stars?"
Considering her words carefully, “I’ll let Dean fill you in on the full details.  But Dean isn’t facing any charges,” said the Sheriff.  “Suffice to say, we’ll be throwing every charge possible at the boys in custody, including attempted murder.”
Dean sat quietly next to Castiel.  He answered any question put to him, but it was clear that his mind was elsewhere.  Castiel kept his leg firmly against Dean’s, providing a solid presence for Dean to latch onto.   Once they’d been through the full story, and everyone’s involvement at the trail head was explained, everyone had questions.
“You didn’t have to do that,” Dean said concerned sitting up.  “I mean, this whole thing must have set you back enough.  You don’t have buy me things too.”
Dean kissed him again, and moved his hips slowly, drawing back before Castiel pulled on his arm again, enticing him back.    Soon Castiel was encouraging Dean’s moves, meeting him thrust for thrust, pushing back, harder.   Castiel crying out as Dean hit his prostate every third or fourth thrust.
Castiel gave Dean’s cock another couple of pumps and Dean cried out loudly “Cas” as he orgasmed, pushing himself into Castiel’s hand.   His cum releasing in several long ribbons over Castiel’s hand and across Dean’s stomach and chest.
It felt wrong to be standing in a film set taking a shower, but Dean couldn’t complain at the wonderful feeling of the water pressure surging over his head and shoulders.    His back stung, but Dean recognised that was a small price to pay for what happened.   He used a hand towel, pulling it back and forth across his back to clean the area.   Some help would have been useful, he thought.
After a quick discussion, Dean and Castiel agreed, with the exception of their very public kiss that morning, to keep PDA to a minimum in school.   Handholding and an arm around the shoulder or waist was fine, full on make out sessions and rutting was not.
Cas had bumped into Dean, quite literally, in the library.   Dean had been sitting reading at one of the tables, when Cas who had been carrying a mountain of books that he obviously couldn’t see over or around had fallen over Dean, the pile of books scattering around them, as Dean had instinctively thrown out his arm to catch the falling man, and ended up with Cas sitting in his lap gasping in surprise.
I love hearing your thoughts and theories about what will happen.  I'm not changing anything based on comments, so speculate away, and you can all see how clever you were at the end.
Dean turned off the water, and sighed.   Leaving Castiel even temporarily was a future Dean problem.
“Heya Sammy. Everything OK here?” asked Dean as he approached Sam. Dean nodded to the nurses on duty.
Omega was out there. He didn’t have a lot to go on, just a name, and a vague description of a black car. But it was clear from the context of the note that was something Dean didn’t want. He didn’t want Castiel to look for him. Sighing, he carefully separated the page from the notepad, and folded it delicately.  He reached for his wallet in his back pocket, and placed it inside. He may not be able to do much now, but that was the only thing he had to tell him that last night wasn’t a dream. The only proof he had that he’d met an amazing Omega, they’d shared a single night together, and now it was over.
There was another muffled thump and what sounded like a cry of pain.   Dean reached into the glovebox of the Impala, and quickly grabbed the long thin knife he kept there.  He deftly slid it into the purpose-built pocket in the sleeve of his jacket then he signalled to Sam in American Sign Language, "Stay here," and ran silently towards the noise.   He took a moment to freeze, back against the wall of the building, before he glanced quickly around the corner to see what was happening.
Castiel smiled.  “You’d be surprised how relaxing it can be, as well as the obvious benefits of flexibility.   My little sister wanted to do it, and because I had to mind her anyway, I learnt as well.  I kept it up after I left home.”    He stood up straight, and bent forward at the waist, keeping his legs rigid, and folded his entire body in half, and resting his forehead on his knees, his hands flat to the floor.   “This pose is called Uttanasana.”
Henriksen gave him a genuine smile and indicated the book.   “Winchester?” he asked, just for clarification.
The following page was Cas posing outside, looking like he was working on a farm.   Wearing nothing but jeans and a cowboy hat.   Dean had to remind himself to breathe when he saw that one.   Cas shirtless carrying a haybale across his shoulders, biceps taut with a sheen of sweat across his upper body, his blue eyes looking directly into the camera.   A sexy smirk on his lips.
Castiel made his way to a seat at the back of the room.   Glancing around Dean deliberately walked over to him, and gestured to seat next to him, asking in a voice slightly louder than normal.    “Hey Cas, is this seat taken?”
“Nah.  I’ve done a bit of football, but I was more into wrestling when I was younger. I do some boxing and High Intensity stuff when I have to with my Dad,” said Dean watching Castiel pull on his hoodie.  “I just felt the need to get out this morning and stretch my legs.”
The doctor smiled. “I’m Doctor Brown. One of the doctors on duty tonight. May I check on how you’re doing?”
It was at their next Physics class on Friday that Dean finally managed to speak to Castiel.    Dean snagged the seat next to Castiel despite the look of apprehension on his face.
Working efficiently, Jess and Castiel soon had Jack extracted from the incubator. Castiel removed his tie, and started to unbutton his shirt, to allow Jack better skin to skin contact . He couldn’t help but notice that Dean was watching him. Dean was unconsciously biting his lip and kept flicking his eyes from Castiel’s collar bone to his lips and back again. There was a tiny hint of desire in the look on Dean’s face, and he dropped his eyes embarrassed, when he realised Castiel had seen him staring.
The lights in the room were already on, Dean assumed Ma must have shown Castiel the room first. Dean was expecting an abundance of chintz and lace but was pleasantly surprised to see the room looked relatively normal. Soft green painted walls, pine furniture, the ensuite bathroom had a huge shower, but Dean only had eyes for the enormous king sized bed. Dean groaned as he walked to the bed, shrugging off his jacket and letting it fall to the floor, before face planting right into the middle.
“What like Kevin got hurt?” said Dean.  He gripped the handrail on the porch.  “Run Kevin out of town did you?”
Still holding Dean gently, as though he might shatter into a million pieces, Cas worked his Angel mojo, and willed his clothes away. Dean gasped slightly at the sudden feeling of skin instead of raincoat and shirt against his chest. "It's OK," Cas crooned quiet, "just relax."
Blushing bright pink, Castiel stepped out and returned to the spot Dean had indicated in front of the mirrors.   Gone was the baggy sweatshirt and joggers.  Instead Castiel stood there dressed in black leather ankle boots, artfully faded and worn blue jeans, a short sleeved plain white Henley, just the right side of skin-tight and a blue and black plaid overshirt.
Dean’s brain stuttered and he stared at Castiel, before spotting the smallest upturn of Castiel’s lips into a smile.  He grabbed a facecloth from the pile by the side of the bath and threw it at Castiel.   “Ass.  I thought you were serious.”
Dean had no idea how long Castiel let him sit there, his tears falling and his hands clenching, but when his sobbing finally subsided, he found a warm cup of hot chocolate being pressed into his hand.
At first Dean didn’t think Castiel was going to answer, and then a very quiet, almost inaudible whisper Castiel said, “Afraid.”
"Very well. Garth had procured many new weapons for the hunter community. I was able to select some useful additional items for our arsenal, as well as additional ammunition. Although he was running short on silver. I think we may need to find an additional supplier for that. I have placed the boxes in the garage, ready for sorting." Cas indicated the box he was carrying, "I also brought sustenance."
“White, mid thirties, around six feet tall. Dark, almost black hair and the bluest eyes. Oh, I don’t know if this helps, but his bike. It was a Triumph. A modern, expensive looking one. He said he didn’t know the area, so I assumed he was just passing through. He paid for the B&B, Ma Framptons, but I don’t know if it was cash or card. They may have a record. He never said where he was from or where he was going. He could be anywhere.” He saw Sam approaching with a bag of food. “Let me know what you find out. I gotta go Sam’s coming back. Please don’t say anything to anyone else.” He ended the call, and sent the photo he’d taken of Jack to Charlie.
John grabbed his jacket from the back of a chair, and after making sure Sam was OK for the next 15 mins, opened the door to their trailer home and indicated for Dean to follow him.
Perhaps having spent so much time on carefully preparing Dean, Castiel knew what to expect, and deliberately calmed his body, which allowed Dean a much easier entrance than Dean had expected.   “You’re doing so well,” said Dean.  Moving his finger slowly he stretched Castiel, as Castiel had done to him.   Gradually easing the way with more lube, and careful pressure.   He carefully rubbed another finger alongside the first and let it slip inside.
It took Dean less than seven minutes to get to Gabe’s house.  On arrival, he hammered on the door, yelling for Gabriel.
Castiel shook his head and whimpered slightly.  He leaned forward and rested his head in the crook of Gabriel’s neck and mumbled into his shoulder.    Gabriel rubbed his back gently.
Zar described how he managed to be overheard by the professor, discussing with another student the best spots around the university for an assignation under the teachers noses, and how the dining hall storage room was the best place because of the abundance of table cloths for ‘cushioning’.  But he specifically let slip that he was planning on rendezvous there at 5pm.
“I wanted to say thank you for the English notes you left,” said Dean.  “They were very comprehensive, and very useful.”  Dean nudged him with his elbow.  “Are you seriously going to cold shoulder me the whole time.”
“Mmmnnngg,” said Castiel inarticulately, as Dean removed one of his hands to hold the base of Castiel’s cock.
Sitting back in his chair, Dean watched as Sam and Castiel consulted on the sheet.  He couldn't explain why, but he felt a kind of warmth spread through him.    He hadn't been sure Castiel would speak to him again, after the incident with Alistair on Friday.   This felt like a positive thing.
Castiel cowered slightly, reaching for his bag and swinging his legs out from under the table, ready to make a run for it.   “I was just leaving.”
Dean shook his head in defeat, and Castiel started stuffing the clothing back into the bags to take up to his room.
Dean sat staring at Jack, committing every feature to memory. His tiny nose flaring as he breathed, his little forehead wrinkling as though he was thinking hard about something. As he watched, Jack yawned, stretched, and opened his eyes. Dean gasped.
Sam didn’t say anything, and Castiel felt compelled to fill the gap.  “Dean went night fishing with a friend.  He didn’t want to leave Sam on his own.  Hence me.”  His voice trailed off a little towards the end.
“Do not make me smite you, human,” Castiel said commandingly, but the moment was broken a second later as he grinned.
Dean started the car and switched on the heater, the moisture from their clothing already fogging the windows. Dean turned to look at his passenger. The man was wearing form fitting leather biker trousers and a matching leather jacket. Dean guessed he was several years older than Dean, putting his age around early to mid thirties. He had messy black hair, a soft hint of stubble and piercing blue eyes. Dean felt his entire body tremble as he looked at the handsome man who was now studying Dean intently. Dean stared back, willing his body not to betray him. His inner Omega was currently having a battle with itself as to whether it wanted to crawl into this man’s lap and curl up like a cat, or, despite his exhaustion, drag him into the back seat and ride him into oblivion. Dean had never had such an instinctive, visceral reaction to another person before. Blinking, Dean broke the connection, shuffled nervously in his seat, and shivered again. This time from being cold.
It was only as Noah started to ring up the massive pile of items Dean began to worry about the amount they were spending.    Gabriel had said not to, but money was something Dean always worried about.  He’d been careful in his selection of store, trying to find a shop that had clothing options that were more low to mid-range and therefore price, rather than the branded names such as Levi.
“Do I sense your Alpha being protective?” said Gabriel trying to tease him. “Has the great marble edifice that is Castiel cracked?”
floor.   Take the main stairs, you can’t miss it.    Because we’re quiet, you’ll have that floor to yourselves.  There’s also a seating and TV area up there, you’re welcome to use,” said Mildred passing Castiel a small card with the door’s key code written on it.   “I see you’ve already booked at table for dinner at 7pm.  That’s down here in the Great Room.   Breakfast is included in your room rate and served from 5.30am to 10.30am. Check out is by 11am please.”
Without saying another word, Dean indicated for Benny to get in the back seat, as he climbed in the front, and they drove off.
“Er, hey Cas,” Dean stammered out.   “That’s a good look on you.   I was right about the blue, for your hair.”
Dean pressed harder and was rewarded by another breathy moan, “Let me hear you Cas,” said Dean.  “I want to hear you.”
By the time they were finished the local police, who Sheriff Mills had called, had arrived, and a coroner had turned up to take Alistair’s body.  The local police were initially unwilling to comply with Sheriff Mills, but when they found out that it was the Chief of Police’s son, they were happy for her to take all the responsibility, despite it not officially being her jurisdiction.  Sheriff Mills sent one of the local officers with Azzer in the ambulance.  Azzer was under arrest, for aiding and abetting a kidnapping.  The Sheriff hoped to add to add the list of charges later.
Gabriel tipped his head on side, in a move reminiscent of Castiel’s, “I know your father is away at the moment.   Have you two talked about where you’re going to stay for the week?  Has he asked you to stay here?”
Castiel had been concerned initially and tried protesting at the constant presence of the guys around him.   But he did agree that the physical pushing that usually occurred as he walked to classes had diminished substantially.
A small chuckle escaped from Castiel, "It's OK Sam.   I have 4 older brothers.  I know how annoying they can be."
“I suppose so.  We can start with a couple of simple actions.  Like how to break a hold when someone grabs you,” said Dean.  He rose from the bed and checked the floor area just to make sure they had space.   He took off his jacket to make movement a bit easier, dumping it on the bed.  “If you grab my wrist, I’ll break the hold so you can see how to do it, and then we’ll try on you.  OK?”
Sam looked at his brother's face, set in stone, Dean refusing to break eye contact, challenging him and then at Cas, who looked equally determined, as they stood shoulder to shoulder facing him. They seemed to make an unbeatable combination, a Hunter and an Angel. Sam couldn't help himself and broke into a grin that threatened to reach from ear to ear. "Well, I don't know what the correct protocol is for circumstances like this, but I am happy for you both." Sam walked over to them and pulled them both into a hug, slapping them both on the back.
They lay facing each other, just smiling stupidly at each other for several minutes, before Castiel said, “I know this sounds formal, but um, thank you again for last night.”
Shaking himself from his thoughts, he realised that before things went any further though, there was an additional conversation to be had.    With Castiel watching him, he opened the drawer of the bedside cabinet and reached in removing the bottle of lube and box of condoms he’d placed there.  He left them within easy reach on the cabinet, and then Dean purposely dropped his towel and slid into bed, lying down in a perfect mirror of Castiel’s pose.
On his way to bed, Castiel couldn’t help but stop at the doorway to his second bedroom and peer inside. It was empty, never having found the time to set it up as a guest room. Now, he couldn’t quite believe that soon his pup and mate would be here. He could already picture in his mind, Dean standing by the window holding Jack in his arms. Smiling happily, he turned off the light and went to bed to dream of his family.
“Fuck, you're strong,” said Dean taken by surprise at the sudden change in position. He locked his legs around Castiel waist.
“Sorry.  OK.   And I knew he didn’t like you, and was horribly homophobic, so I was kind of talking as though we were, you know, having sex, and I made a few references to you being gagged, so that would explain why no one heard you.   I threw in a few deeper sounding moans as your response.”
Dean unlocked his phone and passed it over to Gabriel without saying a word.  Dean didn’t want to see Gabriel’s expression, but heard him swear, as he made his way through the kitchen to the Playroom, Benny on his heels.
Sitting back down, Gabriel leant back in his chair.   “You’d fight for Castiel or for Sam, but you just don’t care about yourself.”
Cas knew exactly where on the sand they had ended up after all that rolling around, and reached out for the towel that was within reach. He sat up slowly and waited for Dean to open his eyes again. Cas gestured to the towel, “May I?”
Castiel was sitting by a lake, enjoying the warmth of the setting sun on his face, when he felt rather than heard Dean's distress. He knew people didn't understand their 'profound bond', but having saved Dean from Hell, quite literally, he instantly was on alert. The urgent whisper or weak whine of "Cas", had every molecule of his body focus their attention on Dean. With a flutter that left a few leaves dancing in the wind, he transported himself to the bunker, where he knew Dean was.
Castiel handed Dean’s phone back to him.   Dean unlocked the screen, opened the message app and handed it to the Sheriff.  “You can see the time stamps on the messages.   I was at school when that photo was sent through, along with the text.   I went to Gabe’s house and got his gun,” he gestured the gun on the Impala.   “Dad had taken all our weapons.  I arrived here first, then Alistair.  He threatened Cas.  We fought, I managed to get to the gun and shoot him.   I didn’t expect to kill him, but I was on my back on the ground, I aimed for his shoulder, but he must have moved at the last moment.”
Suddenly there was a commotion outside in the hall.    “Dean!?” yelled a familiar deep voice from the other side of the door, just before it was pushed open, and in walked a worried looking Cas, followed by Sam and a shorter blond haired man.
Dean stared at him.   “I really should you know.   No one would ever know.  I can make you disappear, and no one would ever find the body.   I could say you ran and escaped.”  He raised the gun and pointed it at Alistair.
When he had finished, Cas stood up slowly, giving Dean some space. Cas carefully reached over to turn off the water, whilst maintaining a hand widths distance between them. He wanted to touch and kiss Dean's chest, but he wasn't quite sure how Dean would react. Now his desperate need was sated, would he still want him? He turned to face Dean. "God Cas, that was ….." Dean couldn't speak, so instead Dean lowered his lips to Cas's and kissed him with an intensity that Cas wasn't expecting.
“You did everything you could, I know you did,” said Castiel sadly.  “I’m glad neither you or Sam were hurt.  I wouldn’t have wanted you, either of you, hurt because of me.”
Until this point in his very long life, Castiel had only ever experienced two significant kisses.   The one he had bestowed on Meg, the other he had experienced with April.    Neither could compare to the feelings that blossomed within Castiel as Dean’s lips touched his.    Castiel could feel Dean’s desire, his love, his trust and belief in Castiel, burning through his touch.  It was intoxicating and powerful.
"Please…. I need…" Dean whimpered. "I can't …. I can't ….. CASTIEL!" Dean exploded, his vision hazing over into a white fog, his balls tightening and released uncontrollably, his essence flooding into Cas's mouth over and over. His knees gave way, and he would have ended up on the ground if Cas had not the presence of mind to brace and support him. Dean knew he hadn't passed out, but for a moment he was so stunned he couldn't speak.
Castiel was leaning weakly against the wall, the shock of the event causing him to breath heavily.   Dean gripped his arm reassuringly, practically keeping him upright.  In his shocked state, Castiel didn’t even try to pull away.
“It’s OK, Gabriel said he’d been to a same sex wedding here, it was one of the reasons I chose it,” said Castiel reassuringly.
After their burgers, for which Castiel insisted on paying for, they returned to the car, struggling slightly with the numerous bags.
Carefully rearranging himself, Dean laid back, resisting the urge to cover himself with the sheet and looked towards Castiel.  Even in the subdued light, he could track Castiel’s eye movements as he looked over Dean’s body, as though he was committing it to memory.
It was Friday lunchtime when Dean finally spotted Castiel sitting alone at one of the outdoor tables, at the far end of the quad outside the dining hall, quietly reading a book.  Before Dean could rationalise the thought, he found himself sliding in the seat opposite Castiel with a huge smile.  “Hiya Cas,” he said smoothly.  “Watcha reading?”
After throwing a quick glance at Sam, to ensure he was safely still with the car, Dean stepped boldly from his vantage point, "OY!" he yelled loudly, "Leave him alone."
“Weird, but OK.  I guess the whole suit and trench coat look might suit you when you’ve graduated or you’re some dusty old professor, probably not the look for High School or college you really want to go for.”   Dean paused. “I did have a thought about self-defence.  Sam and I might be able to give you a basic primer on that.”
“Cas,” said Dean. “Wow, that was…..” he trailed off, he had no words to describe what he had just witnessed.
Dropping his eyes in embarrassment, Cas gave a small shy smile.   Dean put his hand up to take over holding the handkerchief brushing his hand over Cas’s as he did so.  Cas sighed as Dean caressed his hand and nodded.  “OK.”
Dean knew he could ill afford a room, but he was just too tired to argue. Dean just nodded and watched as Castiel exited the car, jogged to the porch area and rang the doorbell.
There was a choked sound from behind John, a cross between a cry and gasp.  Castiel had turned white.  He put his hand over his mouth and turned to stagger back to the road.  He couldn’t face Dean.  They had tried to kill Dean because of him.
When their exam results had come through, Castiel had received the grades he needed, and had accepted his place at Berkeley.   It had taken Castiel less than 30 seconds for him to ask Dean to come with him.
“Good.  Walk up and down and get a feel for it,” said Dean.    He watched critically as Castiel tried to follow Dean’s instructions; shoulders rolled back, allowing his chest to fill with air, or at least as much as his still tender ribs would allow.  Dean had him walk the shop several times, until Castiel felt comfortable in the new clothes and posture.  Eventually Dean nodded and handed Castiel the second set of clothing.  “Same again,” he said and pushed Castiel towards the dressing room.
Wincing under his father’s stern countenance, Sam caved.   “Dean laid a trap for Alistair.  He's at the old hunter’s cabin on Archer Road.”
Castiel released the breath he’d didn’t realise he’d been holding and removed his hand from Dean’s cock.   The tight spasm of Dean around Castiel was enough to push him over the edge, and he called out Dean’s name, driving into Dean once more as he came with a shuddering groan, grinding down hard and heavy into Dean, filling his ass with cum.   He fell forward over Dean, supporting himself on his arms, so he wouldn’t crush him.   They both needed a moment before either could speak.
Dean laughed, “I know what you mean.   Sometimes it’s the tune or the sentiment that captures you.  Even a single line can bring back a memory.”
Returning the offer, Dean cut a piece of his burger and held it out to Castiel, in turn.  Castiel opened his mouth and let Dean gently place the piece of burger on his tongue, before closing his mouth around the fork and letting Dean pull it free.  Castiel closed his eyes in enjoyment at the taste.  “That tastes delicious.”
"Son of a bitch," Dean gasped as his clothes miraculously disappeared, and he suddenly found himself still kneeling but now naked next to an also naked Cas. "Couldn't wait could you, Angel?" questioned Dean smugly.
The bell signalling the end of the class rang.   Over the noise of 25 teenagers scraping chairs and gathering their bags, Dean stood up and turned to look at Novak.    “Er, hey.   Thanks for the loan of the book.”  Suddenly realising that Novak probably wasn’t this boy’s first name, and he probably was being a little rude, Dean quickly stuck out his hand in an offer of a handshake. “I’m Dean.”
"I cannot answer that with a yes or a no," said Cas quietly. "He has expressed a need for me, but I am unaware of his feelings beyond that."
The expression on Castiel’s face was completely unreadable.  It seemed angry, hurt, and confused but also slightly awestruck.   Dean couldn’t work out if he was angry, and about to punch him, or hug him.  “Not for nothing Cas, but the last person who looked at me like, I got laid,” he said with another wink.
“You’d only know I carried a knife if you were there,” said Dean with frown.  “Make you feel like a man, beating on a guy lying on the ground.”
John was waiting for them eagerly, and happily ruffled Sam’s hair as he emptied his school backpack over the kitchen table and started his homework.
Once Castiel had returned to his cubical in the dressing room, he took a deep breath and looked at himself again in the smaller mirror.  He did like the new look, especially the boots.  Glancing at the second set of clothes Dean had put together, he quickly shucked off the jacket, hanging it up, in case he wanted to add it to another outfit, and placed the rest of the clothing to one side planning on making a pile of the stuff to buy versus those he wouldn’t.
As always, many thanks to Sailor_fujoshi, without whom this fiction may have been deleted from my laptop and never finished.
The Russian translations are from Google translate.  Although I have Russian colleagues, I only speak about 6 words of Russian, and I was not going to ask them for their help on this!
Looking surprised, but pleased, Henriksen smiled.  “The class started it just last week.” He cast a glance over the class.  “For the benefit of those who didn’t complete the homework to read the first two chapters, perhaps you could enlighten us on who Rebecca of the title actually is?”
“Of course, dear.” She paused. “I’m sure whatever happened between you and your Omega will work itself out,” she said quietly. “I could see that he was upset when he left. You don’t get that upset if you don’t care.”
Giving Jack and Dean each a kiss goodbye Castiel parted from them, promising to arrive at 9am tomorrow, so Jack could have another scenting session.
Dean stared down at his whisky glass as his father shut his bedroom door.   John had never asked about that kind of thing before.  Once Dean was out to his father, Dean never mentioned his ‘encounters’, and his Dad never asked. (Dean smiled at the memory of Castiel’s delicacy around the subject).   But this, this felt different.  Castiel was important.  He was special.  Maybe that was the difference.   They’d already exchanged ‘I love you’s’.  Perhaps John recognised this was different and special too.
Dean reached up and touched his cheek like he could still feel Castiel’s lips.  He gave a little smile himself and joined his friends back in the Impala.
Castiel was released on Friday, and Gabriel invited the brothers over for dinner.   When they arrived, there were a couple of other guests at the house.  Gabriel had also invited his old friend Kali, a lovely lady of Indian descent, who was visiting from California, and a tall thin English man, introduced as Zar.
As soon as Dean was stationary, Missouri reappeared and started connecting various leads and sensors. He still had several of the little sticky pads in place, from earlier, so Missouri was able to use those for the monitor’s leads, adding and replacing a couple as she went.
“Um, yes, thank you,” said Castiel blushing.  “Your ranch is quite lovely.   Oh, and Ryan was very good at looking after us during our meals.”
“I don’t know how to dance.”  Castiel sighed.  “I don’t want to disappoint her.”  He indicated his phone connected to the stereo, “she sent me songs to practice to.  I watched some online videos, but they were not as helpful as I hoped.”
Dean and Castiel go public at school, take their relationship the next step, and discuss their future.
Flipping open the bottle Dean squeezed a reasonable amount of the liquid onto his fingers.  He gave the lube a moment to warm up before reaching down past Castiel’s cock, nudging one of Castiel’s thighs, pushing it out the way to make room, and then massaging the lube into the sensitive area around Castiel’s hole.  He gently rubbed at the skin for several minutes before Castiel’s squirming beneath him told him Castiel wanted more.   He added a touch more lube, throwing the bottle onto the bedside table.    He kissed Castiel gently on the mouth, as he applied pressure and permitted one digit to carefully push past the small ring of muscle.
Cas let out a sigh of contentment. "Good. I don't mind. It sounds different coming from you. Like you own me."
John led the way outside and went to the truck.  Sam hugged Gabriel goodbye, and then claimed shotgun in the truck.
“I see.   OK.”   John knocked back the rest of his drink and stood up.    He patted Dean on the shoulder.   “Night son.”
Dean spotted a coffee shop and suggested to Castiel that they should grab a couple of chairs at one of the tables out front.   It gave them a good view of the street and the passing pedestrians.
“I like your Alpha-ness. It’s just right for me.” said Dean honestly. “Perhaps it will offset my own non Omega-ness.”
Dean waited to hear the slurs, the comments of disgust from Lee or Benny.   There was a long pause, before Benny reached out and pushed his shoulder making him look up.
Dean leaned in for another kiss as his hand slipped under the waist band of Castiel’s boxers and across his firm backside.  A soft teasing of fingernails scraping his skin caused Castiel to shiver slightly.   Dean stroked and touched Castiel’s hip under the boxers before raising himself up and moving down the bed to pull them down.   He looked down at Castiel, now lying naked on the bed.    Removing his own briefs, he watched as Castiel hungrily gazed up and down his body.
“If his shower is wet, he came back from his run.   If it’s dry, he didn’t return,” said Dean impatiently.
"We need to get you up," said Dean, taking charge.   He focused on Castiel, "We'll do this in stages," he explained.   "First stage, Sammy will get on your left, I'll take right.   We'll lift you under your arms, 'til you're upright.  Lean on the car.  Then, second stage will be to get you in the car.  Sammy, you're in the back with him.   Try to keep him upright, so he doesn't lie down and choke on his tongue or something."    Dean stared into Castiel's scared blue eyes.   One of his eyelids was already swelling.     "You ready Cas?"
Joining them at the breakfast bar, Gabriel watched them closely.  Suddenly his eyes went wide as he spotted the marks on Dean’s neck.   Seeing Gabriel’s stare, Dean just smiled and adjusted his collar.
Glancing around the room to check for anything he might have left behind, Dean spotted a notepad and pen on the bedside cabinet. He bit his lip thoughtfully. He couldn’t just walk away without saying something. Grabbing the pen, he quickly scribbled a note.
“Yo Dean,” yelled Benny from where he was standing next to Azzer’s prone form.  “When you two love birds have finished, this one probably needs a hospital.”
As he made his way back to the gates, he spotted a lone figure running around the four lane 440 yard sports track.  He was surprised to see it was Castiel.  Dressed in shorts, and a tank top, his hair covered by a truckers cap worn reversed, he was sprinting at full speed, his arms pumping and powerful legs pushing him around the track.   His body was toned and fit, and Dean couldn’t help but compare him to classical statues he’d seen, like Michelangelo’s sculpture of David.
Sam managed to pull himself together enough to stand up in front of his father with his back to Castiel, so Castiel couldn’t see what he was signing with his hands.
After all the formalities were complete, John thanked the Sheriff, and they all headed home, dropping Benny and Lee at their homes.
“Cas, I have a job that pays barely above minimum wage. I rent a small apartment, in a not so great part of town. I’ve seen your house, trust me, that is far nicer than anywhere I’ve ever stayed my whole life. Sam will not object, and if he does, I’ll do it anyway. I ran away with Benny, and without hesitation I’d run again,
Dean wanted to kick himself, because before he knew it, he was nodding like a frigging bobble head doll.
Gabriel was about to re-enter the lounge, and had paused at the door, catching the end of the discussion.   He caught Dean’s eye, put a finger to his lips and gave an evil smile.   Crossing his hands at his wrists, he made a small flapping motion with his hands.
“How on Earth did you come up with this plan?” asked Lee.   “Or do you lie in bed at night, and randomly think of ways to get yourself killed?”
Gabriel had put on some music from his iphone, which was playing through built in speakers, in the background, and they all sat comfortably around the fire, the conversation ebbing and flowing.   Sam had been talking to Kali about California, and Castiel had been talking to Zar about the latest events at school.
Spotting the house on the right, Dean pulled into the drive, behind a small blue Toyota.    "Cas, don't move.  Stay with him Sammy," said Dean as he climbed out of the car.   Moving swiftly to the front door, he rang the bell.
“What happened?” asked Dean.  The rush of adrenaline from his concern for Jack was still flooding his system. Sam had released his grip on Dean’s shoulders and was standing next to the bed.
“He carries a disease, which I bet you have now.   We don’t want that in our town.   People like that shouldn’t mix with others,” said Alistair.  “We make sure they don’t.  We want you gone.  Leave town now and no one will get hurt.”
"Cas, you don't have to ask permission every time," said Dean slightly embarrassed. "I kind of give my general consent."
"The homework is due in tomorrow," said Sam a slight quaver to his voice, trying to hold back tears.  "I have to finish it tonight."
A tension that Dean didn’t even realise he had felt released.   He closed his eyes for a moment and just breathed.   “That is good news.”  Leaning back, he relaxed, “is it over then?”
“I don’t condone your actions, but I respect them,” said John.   He shifted slightly in his seat, to look at Dean.   “You’re also grounded til I say otherwise.”   But the sparkle in his eye, and the quirk of a smile took the sting of the words.
Dean always made a point of moving the Impala from the school car park to the library car park whenever they visited.    It wasn't that the school car park was unsafe, or the library was safer, but more that he had an inbuilt requirement of needing to have a quick getaway should it be required.    John had drummed into the boys the concept of personal safety from an early age, and walking even a few blocks in a strange area, or where the streetlamps might be out, was not considered safe.  Tonight though, Dean was glad that the car was within easy reach.
The man lifted his visor fully now, and for the first time Dean got a glimpse of incredible crystal clear blue eyes. “You’d do that for a stranger?”
Jimmy waved off the apology.   “I can imagine seeing your boyfriend, or at least who you thought was your boyfriend, in a skin mag a little confusing.”
“Just think about it,” said Gabriel.   “Sam could take Cassie’s room, and you guys can use the bed, just the bed mind you, in the Playroom.”
“Yeah, well the old bat gave you ‘Angel’, and I got ‘Trickster’.  So suck it up, Angel,” said Gabriel. “Soup’s ready.  Do you think you can make it to the breakfast bar Cassie, or do you want to eat in here?”
Castiel looked up at Dean with fearful eyes.  Dean could see he was worried. Castiel was biting his lip as though he was scared Dean was about to bolt out the door.
Castiel wasn’t surprised when later that night, as Gabriel helped him upstairs back into his own bedroom, Gabriel started talking about Dean.
"I kinda hoped you'd want to …." He glanced around at the preparations he had already made. God he felt as nervous as a virgin on prom night – then realised that pretty much summed up the situation. He wiped a hand over his face, and wished for the 100th time he'd had more than 1 beer at dinner. But he also knew he wanted to be sober for this, sober for Cas.
Looking at the card, Dean saw the law firm’s name, “Crowley & Son,” he looked up.  “Are they any good?”
His mind going blank for a second at the thought of getting naked in front of the handsome Alpha, Dean finally said, “Yeah, well kinda need you to leave for that.” Blushing at the improper thoughts racing through his head. The whole situation suddenly became awkward.
Castiel felt completely at peace as he cradled Jack against his bare neck and chest, a light weight cotton sheet covering Jack’s back, and protecting Castiel’s modesty. Sensing amusement in Dean’s scent, he looked over to see Dean watching them. “What?” he asked.
"You are well aware it would take a lot more than a single bottle of scotch to affect me to the same degree that it affects you."
“You can relax now,” said Gabriel amused.    Dean and Gabriel helped lower Castiel back to the sofa.
“I've got blockers in the car,” said Sam. “Let’s get you to the hospital then.” Sam picked up Dean’s bag, and held the door open for him. “Are you in any pain?”
Deciding that Missouri probably had a point about his hospital bag, Dean finished packing it up that evening. He compared the contents to the recommended list in his antenatal guide, scoffing at the suggestion of lip salve, and warm socks, but packed them anyway. Charlie had gifted him another StarWars onesie in a premie size, knowing the others would be too big. He’d laughed out loud at the caption ‘Welcome to the Dark Side’ printed on the nappy flap. He carefully added that one to his hospital bag.
Thank you very much to Sailor_fujoshi.   She's been very busy, and didn't get the chance to double check this chapter.  So all errors are mine.
It was during one of their many movie nights, that Dean had tried to broach the subject of sex with Cas, even going as far as asking if Cas was maybe ACE or Demisexual.  Cas had blinked several times, before kissing Dean passionately, and confessing that he had been trying to think of a way to tell Dean that he’d never actually been with anyone before.    Cas was just scared of messing up and frightening Dean away.  Dean had immediately returned Cas’s kiss with an equally passionate one of his own, and said that he was happy to wait as long as necessary for Cas to be ready.
Turning he stumbled over to the checkout, and placed his items on the counter.   The shop assistant looked up briefly and Dean flushed red as the female cashier placed the magazine in a separate carrier bag to the milk.   “Don’t want the condensation to ruin it,” she offered.  “It’s a very good issue.”
“Very impressive,” said Zar.  “Do you have any idea what you intend to do with your degree afterwards?”
Dean blushed.  “Thank you, Gabe.   Let me talk to Cas and Sam, and see if they’re alright with that idea.”
“Sorry,” he said unrepentantly. Dean pushed himself up and looked over at him, “I’ve had a hell of a day.”
Dean picked up his long knife and replaced it back into its hidden pocket in his jacket sleeve, putting his folding knife back in his jeans.  “You’re cool Gabriel.”
Dean and his friends were already seated at a table to the back of the Cafeteria, when Benny spotted Castiel walking in, and he nudged Dean. “Your boyfriend’s here.”
Wriggling comfortably into the cocoon of his Alpha’s arms, Dean hummed happily. “Love you, my Alpha,” said Dean, as he gave up trying to fight the wave of tiredness overwhelming him.
There was no answer from inside the little cabin, and Alistair gave a small shrug as he flipped a cheap plastic lighter and threw it on the ground in the middle of the petrol.   The fumes caught immediately, and soon the whole cabin was ablaze.
Dean shrugged at Gabriel, and followed Castiel into the garden, shutting the door leaving Gabriel in the house.
Once the waitress had taken their order, Dean turned his attention to Castiel.  “You’ve spent too long hiding Cas.”  He indicated Castiel’s familiar clothing, his standard uniform of sweatshirt and jogging bottoms.   “At school I can see you wear them to blend in.  But why are you wearing them during the weekend too?”
Feigning sleep, Dean snuffled quietly, and rolled over to the other side of the bed, out of Castiel’s arms. A few minutes later, Castiel drew the covers up over his body and placed a gentle kiss on his head comfortingly, before getting out of bed and padding around the room for a bit and going into the bathroom. After waiting a moment, he heard the shower start, and felt sure that Castiel wasn’t returning imminently. Dean threw back the covers, and hastily searched the room for his clothes. At some point last night Castiel must have tidied up, because they were hanging neatly on the radiator, now dry. Dean quickly pulled on his jeans and t-shirt. He found his boots next to the door and slipped his bare feet in them whilst shrugging his jacket on. Only Castiel’s bike jacket was visible, hanging over the back of a chair. Dean assumed Castiel must have taken his clothes into the bathroom to change into.
Lying on his bed, he stared up at the ceiling and thought about what his dad had said.   Castiel was due to go to California for college, and Dean was leaving for goodness knows where.  Would their fledgling relationship survive that separation?  What if Dean went to California too?  Could he actually leave Sammy?  What if Castiel didn’t want him there?   So far they had shared one kiss.  It had been awesome but what if it had just been a mistake?   They’d both made the huge ‘I love you’ declaration, but what if ….
“Cher,” said Benny in his slow drawl.   “That is by far the craziest plan I’ve ever fucking heard of.   I can’t decide if you’re a mastermind or a psychopath.”
Castiel had been impressed Dean had remembered the brief language lesson considering they had been quite distracted at the time.
Dean shook his head and stared up at the sky.  “You lot are morons.   I’ve had enough.   I’m going back inside.   I expect you gone in the next two minutes.   Or I’m calling the cops.”
“I know honey.” Missouri pulled Alexis to one site, out of earshot. Alexis glanced over at Dean, and went to the nurses station. Missouri returned to Dean. “I just asked Alexis to call your brother. Do you mind if I examine you?”
Dean looked at him incredulously. "Acceptable? Fucking hell Cas, you are exceptional. How could you think you aren't?"
Dean was everything and more that Castiel had ever remotely thought sex could feel like.   He was warm and welcoming, and so tight around him, that all Castiel wanted to do was stay there being held by Dean forever.
“Maybe you should check with your mother,” said Benny acerbically.  “I’m sure she doesn’t under charge.”
“Look at the people here,” said Dean indicating the passers-by.   “What do you see?   Who stands out?”
Dean stared at Castiel.  Dean could see every emotion behind those beautiful, tear filled, blue eyes.  All the rage, the pain, the fear, the grief, the sorrow, and hopelessness. “It wasn’t just you Cas.  They hurt you, they kept hurting you and I wanted that to stop.  But I didn’t do this just for you,” Dean whispered.  “I tried so hard.  So hard to tell myself it was all for you, so you could go to school and not be scared for five minutes.  So that you could hold hands with someone you wanted to be with without hearing the slurs.  So you could go out to a restaurant and have your boyfriend feed you pie.   I want you to be able to be who you are Cas, to stop hiding, to show the whole world how special you are.”  Dean drew in a deep breath and took a chance.  “But then I realised it was for me too.  I realised I wanted to be that person next to you holding your hand.  I wanted to take you out to a restaurant.    I wanted to be the one to feed you the damn pie.   Yes, I did it for you, but also for me.  I’m kinda hoping you’ll let there be an
The rest of the evening passed uneventfully, watching old episodes of Dr Sexy, that Dean had to explain to Castiel.  At ten, Gabriel swung by to pick up Castiel and take him home.   Dean went to bed feeling a little happier than he had in a long time.  Spending the day with Castiel on Saturday would be fun.
Sure enough, about five minutes into the chase, he heard a small cry and a moan directly in front of him.  Alistair had realised his mistake of trying to run through the dense forest and had decided to try to make it to the road.   But he hadn’t allowed for the drainage ditch alongside and had fallen awkwardly as he had tried to escape.    He was howling on the floor gripping his ankle as Dean approached.
The full ride scholarship Castiel had received, along with his monthly allowance from his inheritance, had allowed them to rent a two-bedroom student flat on the edge of the West Village campus.    Castiel had insisted on the second bedroom not wanting to push Dean into anything permanent with him, but a brief argument later, followed by some makeup sex, and it had swiftly become a study for the pair of them.
Castiel held out his hand and Dean willingly grasped it, allowing himself to be pulled back to the bed.   All doubts were cast aside as he raised Castiel’s hand to his lips and kissed the palm, then the wrist, before continuing the kisses back up to Castiel’s face.
Suddenly realising that he’d actually been incredibly fortunate that his Dad wasn’t a homophobic bastard, and had been nothing but supportive of Dean’s choices, made Dean squirm slightly.   Dean never liked that his Dad had spent so much time away from them.   John Winchester made a (almost) living by teaching hunters how to track and kill wild animals, he also trained various survivalist groups, and apocalypse believers, how to live off the land.  Often those types were nut jobs, and John, where possible, tried to keep the boys away from them, but it meant that John spent lots of time travelling and staying away.   Dean was fairly sure his Dad had helped a couple of old comrades with a few kidnap and rescue situations, that were perhaps questionable, but hadn’t taken any illegal jobs.  Dean didn’t actually want to ask.  John had trained the boys well, both knowing how to fight and shoot, but the sporadic and bizarre nature of the work also meant that John often left the boys to their own devices, paying for cheap motels or a longer stay in a trailer park for weeks at a time.   John didn’t want them roughing it in tents, or makeshift bivouacs, in a forest in the middle of nowhere.  At least the motels had running water, electricity and occasionally the internet for Sammy’s studies.
Dean waited until Castiel had closed the bathroom door, and then flopped down on his back on the bed.   It was indeed very comfortable.   Castiel had surprised him, this place was fantastic, like something out of Dean’s childhood cowboy fantasies.  Unbidden, a small doubt began to creep over Dean, and he began to feel uncomfortable. Gabriel’s warning was ringing in his ears.  What was Castiel’s expectation here?  What was going to happen after next week?
The corridor, the school, the crowd of students around them, their friends, faded away as Castiel surged forward, his lips pressing against Dean’s. Dean reached up to the back of Castiel’s head, and gently pulled at Castiel’s soft messy hair, causing him to gasp, which allowed Dean great access to Castiel’s mouth.   Their teeth clashed a little, before their tongues found each other, and Castiel moaned long, deep and dirty into Dean’s mouth, his arms pulling Dean closer.  Too quickly for their liking, they had to break apart for air, both panting, resting their foreheads together.
Thank you all for not screaming at the too loudly over the last two chapters.   Hopefully I'll be forgiven after this one.
"Avunculus meus me docuit," explained Sam.  (**My uncle taught me.)    "Classis Latine Dictum est mihi, erat hic copulare potuerunt."    (**I was told there was a Latin class here I could join.)
Dean's stomach growled again. "Go and get your breakfast," said Cas. "I'll meet you in the kitchen shortly."
Dean found himself fixated on Cas's hands as he held the book. He was nervous. "I um wondered whether you wanted to maybe take a walk up top."
They both laughed again.   “No bet there,” said Lee.   “Hey, you up for a little R&R tomorrow night. You, me, and some rods at the Lake?”
Dean felt Castiel slowly pull back from him.   The warmth that had surrounded them seemed to chill and Dean sensed a sudden tenseness from Castiel that hadn’t been there before.
Dean held out his phone to Castiel.  “You need to call Gabe.”    Dean walked away to give Castiel a modicum of privacy.
Castiel fell forward into Dean’s arms holding him tightly, his breath hitching as he tried not to cry.  “I trust you.”   Despite the tightness in his chest, Castiel tried to talk, “You changed me Dean.  You made me realise I didn’t have to be scared of everyone and everything.  I need you.  I love you.”
Castiel smiled, appreciating Dean’s honesty.  “But I would imagine you’ve seen a lot of different places.”
Castiel returned to school on the Monday after taking the week off school.  His face was still a mass of bruises, but now they more green’s and yellows than blacks and blues.  It was so bad that it caused several of the girls to back away from him.   Castiel was used to hiding, and usually had a seat at the back of his classrooms anyway.  He kept the hood of his hoodie up concealing most of his face, and his eyes down.   Fortunately, the doctor that Gabe had engaged, had written a Doctor’s note for him, so he would be excused from PE until his ribs were better.  But he was still worried about getting accosted in the corridors to and from class and during breaks.
Dean glanced around and saw at least two other cronies of Alistair standing off to the side.   “I’m kinda in the middle of something right now guys.   Go home.  I’ll see you on Monday.”
“You caught that?” said Dean impressed.   He shrugged, “Dad uses the car for his job, he transports his guns in the boot.  All of which are registered and licensed.  Dad’s an ex-Marine.  He teaches hunting and survival techniques, and K and R training.  No guns are in the car at the moment.”
With Jack resting his head on one side, and Dean resting his head on the other, their hands inter-linked and positioned over Castiel’s heart, Castiel felt complete.
This time Castiel picked an older man, he looked like a retired rocker.  “Hmmm.   I think the skinny jeans and leather jacket look is a classic.”
Castiel didn’t need to look at Dean to see him roll his eyes, and feel his exasperation. “Get your mind outta the gutter,” Dean said. “We talked. That’s all. I was tired, and Cas made me take a nap. Alone.”
When Castiel returned he was back in his sweatshirt and joggers.   He was also carrying a couple of foam yoga mats.   Sam helped Dean lay out the mats on the grass, and they both began to stretch their arms and legs to warm up the muscles.   Castiel did a few cautious yoga stretches, mindful of not pulling too much on his ribs.
“My fault,” protested Castiel with another laugh. “You were the one that insisted we should have sex on your birthday. You knew your heat was due the following week.”
Gazing out the window, Castiel debated exactly how much to tell his brother. Gabriel was also an Alpha, so would probably understand the compulsion Castiel had felt to care for Dean, but he wasn’t sure he would understand Castiel’s regret at the situation. Gabriel had always been a love them and leave them kind of Alpha, before he’d met the love of his life, his True Mate, who was now his wife, Rowena. Castiel also knew Gabriel would not leave him alone until he had the full story.
“Jerk,” replied Sam automatically. He paused for one second, nodded to Dean, then hoisted his bag up, squared his shoulders, and walked towards the main entrance of the Junior High School.
Castiel moved to face Dean, and pushed him gently against the fence post, pressing their entire bodies together, chest to chest.  Dean gasped as he felt Castiel’s groin against his.  Castiel was already hard, and it felt so good against Dean’s own erection, that Dean couldn’t help but moan as Castiel pulled him in by the belt loops on his jeans, to increase the pressure.
Monday arrived, and Dean was full of anticipation at seeing Castiel again.  He was slightly disappointed when Castiel wasn’t standing in his usual spot to meet him, in the car park.   Dean was even more confused when he didn’t find Castiel in their classroom.
Dean cut him off with a wave of his hand.  “No Cas.  It was my fault too.   I didn’t know either, and I guess …” he rubbed the back of his neck self-consciously.  “I guess I was rather bossy at the store.   I’m sorry if I embarrassed you.”
John let go, and studied Dean’s face carefully, before nodding, and turning to Castiel, “Good to see you again.  I hear tell you’ve had a pretty rough time of it lately.”
“It’s good.  Just need a second.”    Taking several deep breaths, Dean relaxed, and allowed his body to adjust.
Thank you for taking the time to read this story.   I'm sorry if I made you cry (I know I did writing it), but hopefully you enjoyed the tale of Cas and Dean finding each other eventually.
Dean stared at Castiel.   Dean had always been stunned by the brilliant blueness of Castiel’s eyes, the depths of them having previously conjured images of crystal clear lakes, or the vibrant ocean around a tropical island.  Now was no different.
Dean had been worried about going back to visit Castiel on Saturday.  He wasn’t sure if Castiel would be embarrassed to see them, or maybe even upset that they knew about Gabe.  Sam, however, was adamant about visiting, and pushed Dean to leave as soon as their chores and homework were complete.  Dean wished that he had Castiel’s phone number, at least he could text him and see if he wanted company. However, Dean’s concerns seemed to be groundless.  Gabriel seemed very pleased to see both Dean and Sam when they arrived, throwing open the front door and pulling Sam into a hug and slapping Dean on the back.
The weather was warm and dry, so Dean thought that using the back garden might be better.  It gave them a lot more space than the floor area in Castiel’s room.    At one side of the garden was a relatively flat grassed area, at the other what looked like a wooden decked circle, a bit like a dance floor.
“OK.” Dean opened the car door for Castiel, and hidden from view of Gabe, took his hand and gave a quick but reassuring squeeze.  “Take care, Dork.”
Dean nodded in acknowledgement, and Benny shook Gabriel’s hand.  “Glad I could help,” said Benny modestly.
Castiel was hovering by the door. Dean thought he could smell embarrassment in the air. “You should get undressed,” said Castiel. “You’re wet and will catch a chill.”
Castiel nodded, not trusting his voice. John seemed however willing to give Castiel the benefit of the doubt and he holstered his gun.   Castiel slowly lowered his hands.
“Excellent.  I’ll go get those, why you look at the menus.”  Ryan took the wine glasses off the table with him.
“That’s one word for it.  Frightening is another,” said Gabriel.   “Well I’ll let you folks get on.”  He shook John’s hand again and pulled Dean in for a hug.  “Take care Dean-o.”
“I have some paperwork that you should complete, Sam, for your contact numbers. Will you come with me please?”
Dean tried to smile reassuringly.   “I’ve never met a Castiel before,” he said enunciating the name carefully.  “Do people shorten it to Cas?”
“He’s my Family Alpha, my brother,” said Dean clenching his jaw as another contraction hit. “Yeah, he can stay.”
“Don’t play innocent with me,” said Gabriel waving his soup spoon at them.  “I wrote the book and made a film.   Look, I appreciate everything you’ve done for Cassie.  Anything you boys need, I’m happy to help.  This is a safe space for you guys.   I just want to understand exactly the kind of grief I might encounter for it.   Show me.”
The warm water continued to cascade over him, running in rivulets down his chest and on to Cas. Dean looked down, to see Cas kneeling at his feet, Cas's face intently focused on Dean's own face, as Cas remove the towel, the only covering separating them. Dean couldn't help himself, he swore loudly and fluently, as Cas gently sponged away the soap covering him, before kissing his way down from his taught and muscular stomach to the base of his cock. "Holy fucking Hell Cas." He swore again. "Please don't say you learned that from the Pizza man!"
“Oh yeah, I did,” said Dean kissing him.   He pushed himself up to his elbows and frowned looking down at the mess of his underwear.    Glancing across at Castiel, he saw that Castiel was in a similar predicament.  An idea formed in his mind, and Dean said, “stay right there.”   Carefully getting off the bed, he went to the bathroom, and started to fill the large double ended two person tub.  He quickly stripped off his underwear, using it wipe up most of the sticky cum, and wrapped a towel around his waist.
“It’s just the first time seeing them again after Lawrence and…”  Dean broke off.  He still had trouble verbalising John leaving him behind, even though he loved him for it.
After Ryan returned with their drinks, they ordered their food, and Dean leaned back to look at Castiel meeting his gaze.  Castiel often looked at Dean like he’d hung the moon, the stars, and even a few planets, but now the look was softer.   Maybe it was the strings of lights reflecting in his eyes, maybe it was that the weight of the constant bullying had been lifted, maybe it was the exams were finally over, and the next phase of his future was now a step closer.  Castiel was not the same scared young man Dean had first seen in that English Class almost three months ago.   Castiel seemed broader, taller, stronger and sexier.   Some of that might be change in his clothes and hair, but most of it was Castiel himself, Dean thought.   He’d been through so much recently, the attacks, hospitalisation, the accusations at school of drug dealing, let alone the years of living with Gabriel, but he was still true to himself.
Dean’s face lit up, “Cas man, I think you may have just found my two most favourite words in the English language. Apple Pie.”
Castiel was annoyed to be proved wrong when a Police Office turned up the school with a request to search Castiel’s locker.   The Officer claimed they had received a tip off that he was selling drugs at school.   This time Principal Talbot was more careful, especially when Castiel asked to call his lawyer.  Technically they didn’t need a warrant, as it was school grounds and school property.  Of course, Castiel took them to his ‘new’ locker, which contained all his property, and the search turned up nothing.    The Officer looked disappointed and left.
“Thank you,” said Castiel relieved.   He indicated the bathroom, “I’ll just use the facilities, and then we can go down for dinner.”
It was about ten minutes before the end of the movie when Gabriel returned, carrying a couple of small bags of groceries.   Glancing at Castiel and Dean, he rolled his eyes, and mouthed “Friends?  Right.”
“I am now,” said Castiel breathing into Dean’s neck, pressing his body against Dean from chest to knees.  “I missed you.”
At this point Dean knew his tiredness had reached its limit, and he felt like he was playing catch up. “The blanket? I’m sorry man. I’ve been up for like 30 hours straight, and I know I should understand what you are saying. But I don’t. Just spell it out for me.”
So far Castiel had always topped and Dean loved it.   Castiel was always extremely thorough and caring at prepping Dean, but then seemed to know how to be firm and just the right side of rough with him.    Dean would never admit it to anyone else, but he loved how assertive Castiel was in bed.   He was sure no one would believe that the dorky studious Castiel was a borderline Dom.   They had never done anything that would be consider a true Dom/Sub scene, but Dean loved deferring to Castiel, and let him lead during most of what they did during their trysts.
Sam appeared about 20 minutes later. Dean was very pleased to see him, and tears sprung to his eyes, as Sam reached for his hand.
“They’re just cleaning him up Dean, you’ll get to see him in a minute,” said Missouri. “We need to sort you out too.”
Dean yawned.  “I know you are still thinking about it.   I promise we’ll talk some more tomorrow.  But right now, I think we’re both exhausted.  We should get some sleep.”
Alistair sniffed loudly in disapproval.   “I could hear you talking to someone in there.  Who you got with you?”
To Dean it felt like he was watching some odd game of ping pong between them all, where he didn’t know the rules.   He caught Castiel’s eyes rolling a few times at the comments between Gabriel and Zar but didn’t have the opportunity to question him about it.
Sucking in a long whistle of air between his teeth, Gabriel looked at Dean.  “Truthfully.  I don’t know what to think.”   Gabriel held up hand, “Let me finish.”   He took another breath.  “On the one hand Dean, you scare the crap out of me.  The way you handled those guns earlier.   I see you’re proficient and knowledgeable about things I am not sure you should be.    You’re a trained fighter – I can’t think of any way to describe it.  But then on the other hand, I see a young man in love.  You practically took on the whole school just for Cassie.  It wasn’t just Alistair and his gang of bullies; you made the students and teachers see Cassie differently from before.  You helped him become ‘more’.  You’ve now risked your life several times over for him, and today you fought and killed someone to save him.  Everything you did, I know you did for him.  For love.”   Gabriel shook his head, “I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for saving him today.  I know no one else could have done what you did.  But I am also scared for him.  He’s fallen for you so completely – I can see it.  He’s in love with you Dean.   Don’t blame me for caring about my little brother.  People in love make crazy, wild and sometimes bad decisions.   And I just don’t know.   Are you a bad decision?”
Castiel looked up and stared at Dean, as though he was searching his soul for an untruth.  “Is everything OK, at home?”
“I see a man who protects his family.   A man that worked hard for his education, despite it being fragmented and disrupted.   A man that raised, encouraged and supported his little brother at every turn.   A man that showed more compassion to a stranger, to me, than I’d ever experienced.   A man that wanted to stand by my side, and be my friend, without reward, even when I told him not to.  A man that stood up for me, and said ‘enough’, even when he knew it would cause him trouble.   A man that risked his life to at that cabin, and at the trailhead to save me.  A man that made me fall in love with him, not through gifts, or grand words or grand gestures, although saving my life twice was pretty impressive, but through the small actions of holding my hand, or taking the yucky olives off my pizza, or coming running with me in the morning, even though I know you absolutely hate it.”   Castiel leant forward and kissed Dean.   “I see you Dean.  And it physically hurts when I can’t reach out and touch you.  I love you so much.”
Looking back, Dean couldn’t quite explain how things between Castiel and himself had escalated so quickly.   It was like their relationship went from 0 to 11 in the blink of an eye.   After actual years of tamping down any feelings he might hold for Castiel, the sudden rush of emotion he felt as he looked at Castiel across the library had caught him completely off guard.  The strangest thing was that Castiel wasn’t even doing anything that exciting.
When Friday arrived, Dean’s found himself pulling the Impala up outside Gabriel’s house at 5.50pm.  Feeling very nervous, he decided to leave his overnight back in the trunk.   He decided that bringing it into the house, might be seen as presumptuous.
Castiel carefully withdrew from Dean.   Dean whined a little at the sensation of loss.   Removing himself from the bed, Castiel reached for his earlier discarded towel, and quickly placed it under Dean to catch any lube and Castiel’s cum as it leaked from Dean’s ass, and then gently massaged Dean’s thighs to ease any aches that he could be experiencing from being in such an unusual position.
Dean had always thought Castiel’s lips looked dry and chapped, but as they touched, he realised they were soft and yielding.  Castiel tasted of honey and cinnamon.   Dean felt like he would drown if he released his grip.   He never wanted this moment to end.
Dean threw a stink eye at Sam, and at Gabriel.   “Rather he heard it from me, than got half-truths and rumours.”
Dean nodded and rubbed his neck, “Yes, seriously.  My brother and father know, I’ve just never been open about it at school before.  Not sure I really want to be out here.   But I’m only going to be here for three months, ‘til the term ends, then we’re moving on.   Given how much shit you’ve been getting, I thought … well I thought you might like a friend for as long as I am around.”
Turning to look at Dean as he drove, Castiel gave a shy smile.  “I’ll direct you.   Head North for now.  It’s not that far.”
Gabriel sighed, "stubborn little ...." he paused.  "Stay with him, I'll get the first aid kit.   Sam, can I borrow you?"  he indicated the stairs, "Cas's room, second door on the left.  Grab him some PJ's from his dresser, and clean towels from his ensuite."  Sam bounded up the stairs two at a time.
Dean sagged dejectedly. That would add at least another hour to the journey. He was so tired. He rubbed his eyes, and scrubbed his face trying to will himself awake. “Seriously?”
The expression on Castiel’s face was completely innocent, “Do you mean being able to hold you?  Or being able to say you’re mine?”
Without a trace of self-consciousness, Castiel slowly moved his right hand to his cock, which was hard and already leaking precum. With his left he moved it to his chest and stroked a nipple.   “Like that?” he asked.
Sam grinned suddenly, realisation dawning. "Is this about whomever you have tucked away in your room? I saw your sock message last night. Thanks for the heads up by the way."
Like a sixth sense, Dean could feel there was something building.  His Dad was being almost purposefully neutral and was beginning to put Dean on edge.  Dean knew something was brewing, and it was just a matter of time.
"Whoa there," said Sam quickly holding up his hands in a time out gesture. He had forgotten that Cas would likely be very literal.
Castiel tilted his head slightly, and Dean nodded. A look of utter devotion formed on Castiel’s face, causing Dean to take a sharp intake of breath.  They kissed again, and then Dean gently entwined his hand with Castiel, mutual understanding between them, as Dean led them from the library, to his bedroom.
The removal of Alistair’s little gang from school, also allowed Castiel to relax more.   With the protection of Dean, Benny and Lee, he was hiding less, and his personality began to shine through.  Others saw it too, and more students began to acknowledge and talk to Castiel, inviting him to join their discussions.    But on the rare occasions Castiel did participate, everyone knew that no matter how interesting the subject, or how attentively he appeared to be listening, Castiel’s gaze always sought the warm green eyes of Dean, who would be sitting within Castiel’s line of sight, reassuring and supporting him.
Fighting the bile rising in his throat Castiel realised that something was very wrong.  “What’s is it?”
Ma appeared like a Jack-in-the-Box from the doorway on the left, causing Dean to jump. “Good morning, dear,” she said kindly. “Thank goodness the weather has cleared up.”
Dean reached out to smooth down the slightly rumpled jacket Sammy wore.  He was growing again, he’d would need a new jacket soon.  Along with blue jeans, a Star Wars T-shirt and white sneakers, he looked older than his actual age of 14 years.  “You got your lunch?”
Dean and Gabriel made quick work of helping Castiel out of his cocoon of blankets and getting him up on his feet.    He shuffled slowly to the kitchen with Gabriel providing a gentle grip at his elbow.
Castiel gently reach out and traced the outline of Dean’s anti possession tattoo causing Dean to involuntary shiver at the sensation.  “Knowing you are warded, that you are protected, makes me happy,” Castiel said quietly.
It took Dean a second to process what Castiel had said, but then he pulled Castiel in for a deep open-mouthed kiss, that stole what little breath Castiel had left.   When Dean finally released Castiel, Dean said, “Yeah, I am.   How about you?  I mean that was your first time?”
Thank you so much to everyone who has read and left Kudos.  Especially MalicMalic and Cinders for your kind comments and support.
“It probably wouldn’t hurt to let him know,” she said.  “Castiel is the victim here.  We’ll need statements from you all.  We’ll look at kidnap charges against Azzer, but he’ll probably say Alistair coerced him or something.  But I am not seeking to press charges against Dean.  Initial statements clearly indicate Dean defended himself.”
“I’m glad you were able to help your friend,” said John.  “Sounds like the sooner he gets out of this town the better.  You said he had a full ride for college.  Good for him.”
Thank you all so much for your incredible support for this story.   I have genuinely been completely overwhelmed.  Some of you commented on every chapter, some just left kudos.  Regardless of which, I appreciated every single one.
“I’m still processing,” said Castiel, holding up a finger and looking at the ceiling.   “Give me a moment.”   He paused again before looking at Dean.  “Sorry, nope, can’t picture it, I think you may have to give me a demonstration.”
There was a pause, Dean could hear it in Gabriel voice, he’d picked up on the use of Gabriel’s full name, and the change in Dean’s demeanour. “I remember.”
“You should open that now,” said Dean firmly.  He wasn’t going to give Gabriel any grounds for thinking he didn’t fully support Castiel’s college plans.   “It might be important.”
He felt Dean pull on his hand slightly and smile at him broadly. “No threat here, Alpha,” Dean teased, putting out his own calming scent. Dean was pleased when Castiel nodded, visibly relaxed, and calmed his scent. Dean thought Castiel seemed a bit embarrassed.
At Dean’s touch, Castiel had initially frozen in surprise.  “What’s wrong Dean?  Has something happened?”
Alexis appeared and disconnected the various leads from Dean, and made sure that Dean was suitably covered for the short trip down the hall to a warm but brightly lit room that reminded Dean of the surgical theatre rooms he’d seen on various TV medical drama. As Dean was wheeled in, he glanced around the room, taking in the sight of the little incubator in the corner, a woman in bright yellow scrubs that had little penguins all over them stood next to the incubator. There were shiny posable lamps and several people were already fussing around the room checking equipment. As soon as Dean’s bed was locked in place, several of the nurses around the room started moving, connecting Dean back up to the monitors.
Gabriel and Dean spent the next hour or so chatting quietly over the top of Castiel’s prone form.   Dean told Gabriel a little more about how he and Sam had grown up travelling all over the US with their Dad.   Gabriel told embarrassing stories of how Castiel used to sit in the garden watching bees for hours on end, and how he declared he would become a beekeeper when he grew up.
“Let’s get to class,” said Dean dragging Castiel along with him.  Benny and Lee fell into step behind them.
Castiel twisted out of Dean’s grasp, using the technique that Dean had taught him.   Perversely Dean was pleased to see Castiel had remembered it.
“Did the Doctor give any indication of how long you’d be laid up?” asked Dean as he watched Castiel cautiously sit on a chair, still protecting his ribs.
Castiel lay on the bed, one arm thrown up behind his head, the other flopping over the edge of the bed.   He appeared to be completely blissed out.
Castiel was equally caught up in the intensity of the moment.  He could taste the whisky on Dean’s lips, that he had been drinking earlier.   He felt the insistent tugging of Dean’s hand in his hair, pulling him closer.  Castiel felt the rasp of stubble against his check, sending thrilling sensations down his body.  The warmth of Dean’s breath against his ear.
Sheriff Mills sighed, “I wasn’t surprised to hear you didn’t trust the Chief down in Lawrence. I’d heard a few rumours that made me uneasy.  When Lee came to my office to explain, well, I couldn’t leave you boys to do this alone, on the off chance that your crazy plan worked.  I’m glad I listened to my gut.”
“Because I know their type,” Dean said.   “And as much as I like to flirt and play the game with them, right now I wanna sit with you.”
10 minutes later Dean found himself walking on the roof of the bunker with Cas. The night was clear and warm, and Cas seemed to be enjoying the gentle sounds of the crickets or cicadas.
Dean sighed. "OK. OK. Calling you Cas that moment, just seemed wrong. What you were doing was too big, too good to not use your God given name. And I can't believe I just said that. But look, it just felt right. I'm not sorry though, and I can't promise I won't use it again."
Suddenly the sound of footsteps was heard, as Castiel came the stairs, followed by a loud thud as he dropped a bag and jacket by the door.  “Hey!” he said brightly as he entered the kitchen, “You’re here.   I didn’t hear the door.”  Castiel moved towards Dean to hug him.
“Hey,” said Dean brightly, standing up and drawing their attention to him and away from Castiel.   “I don’t think we’ve met yet.  I’m Dean.”
Dean took another swig of whisky and then put the bottle down. "I am not trying to get drunk, just trying to find a little Dutch courage. And just in case you are thinking it, I am not drinking to blot out what we just did." He moved over to where Cas sat on the bed, and crouched down in front of him resting one knee on the floor. He took Cas's hands in his own, and gently kissed the knuckles and then the palms.
Extracting Castiel’s overnight bag from the trunk, Dean carried it for him, as Castiel unlocked the door and entered the house.
Dean sighed heavily and looked down at Gabriel.   “Given your reaction, I guess the bracelet also means something explicit?  Care to share with the rest of the class?”
Somewhat taken aback by Gabriel’s speech, Dean was nevertheless glad that Gabriel was being so honest. “I’m not gonna apologise for being able to defend myself or my family, Gabe.  Today I was able to get Cas back, only cos I knew how to do what needed to be done.   Take the win.”  He paused.  “You see a gun or a knife and see a means to hurt someone.  I see a tool, only as good or as bad as the person that uses it.   I know you’re worried about Cas.  I am gonna worry too, every second I’m not with him.  I saw how scared he was every day.  How he was treated by people that should have loved him unconditionally.  I want him away from this town as much as you do.  I want him to go to Berkeley.  I do love him Gabe, I love him enough to know he has to go.  I have to let him go for now.  I don’t know what our future looks like a year, or four years from now.   We’ve talked and we know we’ll be apart for a while.   I made a promise to him, I intend to keep it.   But I’m not giving him or us up.  Not unless Cas himself tells me that’s what he wants.”
Dean laid his head against Castiel’s chest and closed his eyes. He could feel Castiel gently carding his hand through Dean’s hair, soothing him. He felt cared for and content. It was a good feeling, one that he hadn’t experienced for a long time. He felt like he should be purring like a contented cat. He wanted to stay here forever, warm and safe.
"Look Sam," said Dean slowly, not meeting his brother's eye. "I didn't bring a woman home last night, I haven't been with anyone for, well, for a long time. But last night, Cas and I ….." he trailed off. He wasn't going to lie to Sam, and he didn't want to be disrespectful to Cas. Dean reached for Cas's hand receiving a supporting squeeze, and then straighten his back, facing his brother squarely.
Dean stood several inches taller than Cas, but at that moment he felt like Cas was the larger, taller man. "You mean love like friendship Cas, because I value our friendship….."
“Well, yes.” Castiel said cautiously.  He wasn’t sure of the inflection in Dean’s voice.  He looked down sheepishly, “I mean, if you don’t want …”
I've been brave and added the number of remaining chapters.   Everything is pretty stable story wise, so I won't keep you waiting longer than I have to.     Thanks to Sailor_fujoshi and Breezeranger - you both rock.
“Yeah.  And you can’t tell anyone.   Cas has enough crap in his life, people finding out about this would just about destroy him.”
Dean sighed with relief, "I figured you would be, and I guess the number of times you healed me, anything I might have had you fixed."
Dean took the time point to out specific areas on the human body that were the most vulnerable, such as the groin, nose, throat, knees, shins and even ears.
“I … thought…. You never gave any indication before of being interested in anything other than the female form.”
Jesse continued, “I just wondered, because but I heard female hookers charge more than males hookers.   Any idea who I should ask about that?”
Alistair had telegraphed his move before he’d even made it.  Dean blocked the punch easily and shoved him back, sending Alistair skidding to the floor.   Dean spun quickly, towards the shorter boy, his fists raised ready to defend or attack.  The shorter boy wisely took a step backwards away from Dean, grabbed Alistair by the arm and pulled him away.
Dean’s back was mostly just scratched and dirty.  The paramedic gave him instructions on cleaning and treating the scratches, but again agreed that he could leave.
Noticing that the windowsill had some dust, Dean decided a quick tidy up wouldn’t hurt, and might help him relax. He dusted and wiped all the surfaces; gave the window a quick wipe over, and hoovered the floor. He then checked all the clothes in the chest of drawers that would double as a changing table, putting them all neatly back in order of clothing size.
Dean waddled to his closet and dug out a clean pair of underwear and pants to change into. Once that was done, he grabbed his maternity bag, and made his way to the lounge to wait for Sam.
Castiel turned in surprised, dropping his arms.   “Hello Dean” he greeted in his characteristic deep rumble.  “I didn’t realise you were here.”
“Home James,” said Castiel in a mock posh accent with an airy wave of his hand.  “And don’t spare the horses.”
Knowing that Castiel would do his usual vanishing trick at the end of the lesson, Dean deliberately picked up Castiel’s physics book, so he couldn’t leave without it.
“Maybe I learned my lesson,” said Dean.  He took a cautious sip of the amber fluid anyway and hummed appreciatively as it warmed the back of his throat, rather than burnt it.  “Wow, this is way better than the stuff at Bobby’s.”
floor.  All the pictures were of rural Kansas scenes, horses or buffalo.   The whole place smelt like warm pine and leather, and everything looked hand crafted.  On the second floor there were several sofa’s and a saddle on display.  When they were out of earshot of reception Dean said teasingly, “So, taking my name already?”
Dean estimation of Alistair’s fighting skills were already fairly low, but watching him carelessly handle and disrespect the knife he was carrying made them sink to even greater depths.   “Where’s Cas?” demanded Dean.
As if soothing a frighten animal, Castiel slowly ran his hand up Dean’s arm.  He took hold of the Dean’s wrist and carefully pulled it away, placing it on the pillow above Dean’s head, revealing his face.  “Never hide yourself Dean. You shine with a radiance that should never be concealed.”
“After the kiss between you two up at the cabin, I don’t think he’s worried about who sees you,” said Lee.
The top two buttons of Castiel’s shirt were already undone, he quickly loosened a third, before pulling the shirt over his head, as though it were a t-shirt, and tossed it behind him.   Now bare chested he raised an eyebrow at Dean, who blushed and pulled off his own t-shirt.
“Straight people can be friends with gay people Cas,” said Dean interrupting him.  “It don’t mean anything.”
Uriel turned and walked away.  Gabriel waited several seconds to be sure Uriel was out of earshot before letting go of the breath he was holding.   Looking to Dean, he smiled.  “Sorry about Uriel.   If I said he was the most accepting of our siblings, you have some idea of the level of animosity within our family.”
Cas nodded and returned Dean's gaze. "I see it. I see it in every action, every deed, I see it on your soul."
Dean could still hear the shower running and Castiel humming quietly. With another quick backwards look, he quietly opened the bedroom door and snuck out. He padded down the stairs, throwing a glance over his shoulder to make sure Castiel hadn’t followed and made his way to the front door.
"69," said Castiel.  On seeing the raised eyebrow of Dean in the rear view mirror he added, "Gabe thought it was funny."
“Why do I feel like this is a ‘what are your intentions’ interrogation?” said Dean glancing at the door, hoping for Castiel to appear.
The next instant the door to Sam’s room flew open, and Sam came rushing out.  “Wait Dad.   He’s a friend.”
Alistair knocked twice on the side of the van with the handle of his knife.    There was a muffled knock of acknowledgement. The rear door of the vehicle opened, and one of Alistair’s other friends, a tall muscular boy called Azzer, that Dean recognised, but hadn’t actually interacted with, climbed out the van with Castiel.   Azzer was holding a knife to Castiel’s side, just below Castiel’s ribcage with his right hand, his left holding on to Castiel’s arm to stop him running off.   Castiel’s hands were tied in front of him, but it appeared that his feet were unrestrained.   He still had his blindfold on though and was now gagged. He looked like he’d been thumped a few more times than the picture previously showed.  There appeared to be a fresh bruises to Castiel’s arms.
Dean knew something had changed.   He felt Castiel mentally and physically pulling back from him.    He reached out quickly, and grabbed Castiel’s wrist before Castiel could move away.
When he spotted his bike, exactly where he’d left it last night, Castiel couldn’t help but give a sigh of relief. At least it hadn’t been stolen or towed. He tried starting it, but the engine refused to catch.
“Thank goodness for that,” said Dean quietly, gently running his hand down Castiel’s arm, before taking his hand.
“Thank you,” said Castiel taking several of the ones he liked.  “I think I’m just about ready for round two.”   He quickly slipped a single elasticated bracelet of alternating black and red beads around his wrist, thinking it would match the shirt he was now wearing, “What do you think?”
“Oh…” said Gabriel between laughs.  “I have no idea what went on between you two for the shop assistant to even possibly think those were appropriate.”
Dean had dragged Benny and Lee outside to their usual spot on the bleachers.   It felt like an appropriate place to discuss his idea, given he had a full field of view of the area where Castiel had been injured.   Dean paced up and down as he laid out his proposed plan.   Taking each piece of the plan separately, he explained to them his reasons for the action, and the expected outcome.  Laying it out step by step, like he was planning a military campaign, Dean felt he’d considered every contingency.
Dean's eyes few open and immediately settled on the crystal blue eyes of Castiel. The events of last night came flooding back, which with the look of adoration and delight on Cas's face made Dean feel the heat rise in his face. Yep, he was in bed with Cas. And in an instance, he realised he was OK with that.
Somehow during all the talking Dean realised that his Dad didn’t know what had happened.  John wasn’t due back until Saturday.  Dean wasn’t sure how he would take this situation, so quickly off the back of the cabin incident.  But he’d save that problem for later.
“Had worse,” said Dean trying to make light of it.   “I once got thrown into a holly bush, Dad had to tweezer the thorns out of me.”
It took a minute or so, but when he could feel Castiel’s ragged breathing begin to normalise, he chuckled slightly.    “How was that Angel?”
“Stand there,” Dean ordered, and positioned Castiel in front of the largest mirror.   The other mirrors reflected different angles, giving a reasonable 360-degree view.   Castiel turned to watch in amazement as Dean quickly sorted the items selected into several set of outfits and accessories.  Occasionally holding up an item against Castiel and giving it consideration before discarding it in favour of another.
There was a moment of whispering between several students before a dark-haired girl wandered over to Dean and leant provocatively over the desk in front of him.    “You’re new here, aren’t you,” she asked coyly.
Picking up the tags, Dean saw that the original tags had been beaten out, and reengraved.  Now they read, Dork and Assbutt.
He was about to say something to check on Dean, when the steam cleared for a moment, and he saw Dean standing in the burning hot water, his left hand supporting himself, pushing him back from the wall, whilst his right hand was gripping his cock, and fisting it roughly, pleasuring himself. His face bore a look of utter defeat as he looked down at his actions.
“I will.   Look at me Angel.”  Dean had already toed off his socks, and slowly crossed his arms grasping his T-shirt and pulled it off in a one fluid motion.  Castiel couldn’t tear his gaze away from Dean’s hands, as he unbuttoned his fly slowly, before slowly lowering his jeans and boxers, kicking them off.  Once he was naked, Dean knelt at the end of the bed, and then unhurriedly crawled up Castiel’s body, placing random kisses as he went.  When Dean’s face was level with Castiel’s crotch, he grinned wickedly, placed a delicate kiss on the head of his cock, and then continued his slow progress up to Castiel.   “Do you know how gorgeous you are?” Dean said hoarsely, planting more kisses on Castiel’s chest.
Eyeing him suspiciously, Castiel indicated the vast array of cookies, cakes and pies in the display case.   “Are you sure, because the apple pie here is to die for.”
Castiel reached out to Dean and entwined their fingers.  “That was….” Castiel gave up.  “Words are hard.”
Using a couple of scaffold boards that Gabriel had the foresight to bring with him, they were able to manhandle the bike onto the back of the pick up truck and strap it down.
Thank you very much to everyone who left a comment or kudos, I can't tell you how much they help my anxiety.
Feeling a little like he was putting on a show, Castiel turned giving Dean a non-reflected view of his rear.  Dean pursed his lips and stood up, appraising Castiel’s appearance from every angle.   Taking one the leather jackets Noah had found, Dean came close to Castiel, and offered up the jacket. “May I?”, said Dean holding it up to help him put it on to avoid any unnecessary strain on his ribs.
“As you’re staying, I can put it on your room, and you can settle up when you leave, if you prefer.”
Dean had been wondering about how much to share with his Dad.   A lot of what he’d learnt today was more about Castiel’s life and the shitty situation he was in.  “It was fine.  Usual stuff.  Girls, jocks, nerds, bullies.”
“Hey, did Dean tell you about his big plans for tomorrow night?” said Lee conversationally as they boys walked the pathway near the sheds.
“I know Angel,” said Dean.  “Go on, keep going.”   Dean kept up the praise, until he saw Castiel giving little murmurs, and thrusts with his hips.  “Stop now.”
Suddenly Dean’s phone pinged with an incoming message.    Fishing the phone from his pocket, Dean was surprised to see a text message from Sam.   He was working a shift at the Roadhouse tonight, and wasn’t due back until late.
Clutching a hand to his chest as though Castiel had physically slapped him, “you wound me,” Dean said.
Oh yes, and the thing about the bracelets - I learnt most of that from other stories and a lot of googling.   I pray no one every checks my internet history.
“Good.”    Dean finally closed the gap, and kissed Castiel deeply.   He eventually released Castiel by pushing himself backwards, and then standing up.
Dropping the note back on the bed, Castiel threw himself out the room and sprinted down the stairs. He could see Ma standing at the open front door and he almost knocked her over in his haste to see if Dean’s car was still there. He stumbled off the porch, ignoring the sharp stabs of gravel in his bare feet.
“I wish we could stay here forever,” Castiel said wistfully.  “But right now.  Nature calls.”   He stood up, then leaned over to kiss Dean again.   “Don’t move.  I’ll be right back.”
Cas broke into a wide smile and gently reached for Dean's hand. "You did all this?" he sighed. "It's lovely."
Dean missed Sam every day, but all things considered, everything had worked out for the best for everyone.  Sam chatted with them both frequently on the phone, and Castiel occasionally provided tutoring over Skype.
“Now don’t you fret,” Missouri said to Dean. “We’ll get the epi in place, and we’ll monitor the situation.”
It was around 11.30pm when Sam returned to the bunker.    He was surprised to hear music playing, Make You Feel My Love, by Adele.
“I’m sorry you went through that,” said John gravely.  “I’m glad Dean was able to help.”   Looking around, he saw the bags the boys had packed.    “If you boys are all squared away, we should get going.  Sam, can you put your bag in the truck?”
He was a good 30 minutes into his journey as he rounded the long curved bend in the road that skirted the nearby lake. Dean glanced over to the lake to appreciate the simplicity of the forest and lake, and was stunned to see the missing motorbike parked off to one side by the water’s edge. He quickly checked the road, and pulled into the nearby layby. It wasn’t specifically designed for stopping, but glancing around he could quite clearly see where the motorcycle had gone off road, cutting through a narrow track leading to the lake. The track was too narrow for Baby. Biting his lip, Dean locked the car and made his way on foot towards the lake shore. It only took him 10 minutes to reach the bike. Quickly he checked it over to make sure it was indeed the one from the bunker’s garage, before looking around for Cas. The bike was upright and in once piece, so it was clearly not an accident scene.
After another 10 minutes or so, there was a knock at the door and a white coated female doctor came in. “Dean Winchester?”
Dean stared at Cas.  His Cas, wearing a t-shirt that said ‘Bee Happy” which had a 3D crocheted bee on it.  His Cas.  Cas that was reaching out for Dean, his blue eyes full of concern and love.  “Cas?” Dean’s voice broke over that single word before pulling Cas into his arms.    He couldn’t speak.  He held onto Cas as though scared he would evaporate at any second.
As Dean came back in, his father rested a hand on shoulder, bringing him to a halt.   “Be careful son,” he said quietly.  Dean looked up into his father’s brown eyes and hesitated at the sadness he saw there.
“Sometimes we create our own when we aren’t sure of the official one, or we want to avoid spelling out words,” said Dean.  “Hey, did she give you a sign name?”
Laughing slightly, Dean finally reached Castiel’s mouth, and brushed the pad of his thumb over Castiel’s bottom lip.   “Bossy!”   Dean lowered his face and nipped carefully at Castiel’s lip, before carefully exploring his mouth.   Castiel’s hand found its way to the back of Dean’s head, and held him there, as Castiel tried to rut against Dean.   “Ah ah ah Angel,” rebuked Dean, pulling away.
“Stop!” said Castiel interrupting him.   Shifting in the bed, Castiel raised himself up and straddled Dean, taking his face into his hands and stared deeply into Dean’s eyes.   “Can I tell you what I see?”
From Castiel, Sunday 10.07am.          Sore, but I am completing the deep breathing exercises as recommended by the Doctor.  Are you well?
Sheriff Mills approached at look down in curiosity at the whimpering man. She raised an eyebrow in question at his appearance.
“Good to see you too.”  Sheriff Mills had seen Alistair’s body from the road.   She walked around Dean and bent down to check he was dead.   “You can put your hands down,” she said and nodded to Castiel who was approaching.
“OK Angel.  You sleep,” said Dean and curled up along side him, resting easily into the crook of his arm.   “I’ve got you.”  Dean held him tightly until he heard regular steady breathing, indicating Castiel was asleep, before letting his own eyes close.
He was unsure whether it was Castiel’s new-found confidence or the fact that he was no longer alone that was keeping everyone away, regardless, Dean was pleased that at least at this moment, Castiel was smiling and happy.
Dean swore loudly and quickly took stock of his situation. 34 weeks pregnant was early. His pup was small for dates, and Missouri had thought that Jack might come early. Probably not this early though.
Soon the room was filled with the sound of flesh slapping on flesh, and both men panting from the exertion.  The mutual urging, grunts, cries and moans of pleasure created a feedback loop that pushed each closer the edge.  Dean reached for his cock, but Castiel replaced Dean’s hand with his own.  “Let me.”
“Good,” said Dean with a soft smile. “His leg’s getting better from the trip wire, but he’s going to have a scar there.”
One of the boys crept up to the porch and looped a length of rope around the door handle, before tying it to the porch rail, so Dean would be unable to open the door from the inside.
Benny and Lee were horrified when they first caught sight of Castiel.  Dean had told them about the attack but seeing the damage first-hand had shocked them both.
“Excellent,” said Alexis with a grin. “You wouldn’t believe how many people put those on backwards.” She helped Dean up onto the examination table, and started to put some sticky electrodes on his shoulder and distended belly.
Dean’s phone pinged.  “Hang on Gabe, I’ve just got a text.”  He glanced at the screen, “it’s from Cas.” He said with relief.  “Stay on the line.”   Dean swiped the message to open it.
For some reason, Castiel wasn’t wearing his trench coat, or even his suit jacket.   Just his usual dress trousers, white shirt, and dark blue tie.   The sleeves of the shirt had been rolled up above his elbows, and his firm corded forearms were now on display.
“Really really good,” said Castiel sincerely.   “I think we may have to take turns topping in future.”
“I don’t know,” said Dean softly.   “I think he does.  But he was more concerned for my welfare, if anyone saw us talking, rather than his.  He seemed to think that his parents would make life difficult for me.”
“I have to be there,” said Dean. “For me. To know I did everything I could.” He wiped his face, to hide his tears. “Fucking hormones,” he complained.
Gabriel appeared like a jack in the box from the kitchen, a welcoming smile on his face.  “Hey guys.  I’d ask if you had a good time, but I’m not sure I am really ready to hear the answer.”
Dean nodded.   “I told Cas about me first day we met.   Some asshole tried to push him down the stairs.”
“Not sure, I hadn’t decided.”  Castiel looked uncomfortable.  “I guess I was too focused on getting the grades I need.   I’ll do some research later.”   Picking up his coffee cup, he opened the door to the patio.  “It’s such a lovely day, why don’t we sit out here.”
Castiel nodded holding Dean’s hand.  “Partly.   I was grabbed this morning when I was out running.  Tied up, blindfolded, and eventually driven here.   Alistair said he’d let me go in exchange for Dean.  He made Dean kneel then he went for him.   Dean told me to run.  So I did.  Benny was close by.  He pulled me to safety, untied me and by the time I got back here it was over.”
Benny and Lee continued walking and talking about inconsequential things, until they reached the corner of the field before walking back along the far side.  Benny was able to cast a couple of glances back to the storage sheds, and saw Alistair and Gordon walking back to school with a couple of their friends.
“One second Dean,” said John and paused as though he was reaching a decision.  Reaching behind the driver’s seat of the truck, he fished out a triangular shaped zipped pouch around the size of a large dinner plate and tossed it to Dean. “I think you’re going to need that.”
Castiel nodded.  He was standing next to Dean, Dean’s arm around his waist, their sides pressed together.
At that moment Dean didn’t care if a marching band and an entire symphony orchestra decided to ‘take a look’. He just wanted Jack in his arms safe. “Go ahead Doc.”
Once Jack had been given the all clear to leave hospital, both Dean and Jack had moved into Castiel’s house. Initially Dean slept in Jack’s room, but within a month, Dean and Castiel had mated. To their embarrassment and surprise, Dean had fallen pregnant immediately, which gave them their daughter, Claire. Whom, with all the care and attention that Castiel could lavish on Dean, was born at full term, a healthy 8lb 5oz, and Dean suffered no complications this time around.
Sam looked at Dean for permission.   Dean nodded.   "Thank you," said Sam smiling.    "I really need the help."
The little noises and muffled words Castiel voiced as Dean pleasured him made Dean very happy.  Dean liked giving head.  He liked hearing his partner enjoying the experience.   But he also knew that Castiel wanted more from tonight.   Almost reluctantly, Dean pulled away.  Castiel sat up slightly and pulled Dean towards him kissing him sloppily.
“I’m sorry Sam,” said Gabriel remorsefully.  “I didn’t mean to embarrass you.  Let’s change the subject.”   His eyes fell on Castiel who stared back at him shaking his head with horror, knowing he was about to be the subject of the next conversation. “You know Zar, Castiel and Dean recently went to Topeka on a shopping trip and brought ….“
Google Map is very useful.  Archer Road does exist (although the cabin is fictitious).  The border of the counties, is also true.
“One, I am not sure if you are happy or sad about that.   Two, he’s way too young – I only work with 21’s and older.  Three, Ewww.   Four, Ewww again.  But let me assure you, Cassie isn’t the exhibitionist type.  Fairly sure he’s still a virgin.  Although…” he looked Dean up and down again, “I bet he’d make an exception for you.”
Baby, his car, was a classic. A 1967 Impala, but unfortunately it didn’t have the modern conveniences of anti-lock brakes or airbags. He’d already reduced his speed for safety and was doing barely more than 20 miles an hour. Cursing, he glanced at his watch to check the time. At this rate he wouldn’t be home for another hour or more. He was cold, tired, and just wanted the incessant noise to let up for 5 minutes.
“I was wondering about teaching him some basic self-defence moves,” said Dean.  “Hold breaks and maybe a few strikes.”
Dean threw Sam his phone, "Find it on maps, and tell me which way Sam."    But Dean started the car and started headed northwards anyway.
Castiel shouted a single word in Russian.  Even without Google Translate, Dean was fairly sure he knew what it meant.
Concern rose in Castiel about the request from Dean not to look for him. If Castiel was being honest with himself, finding Dean was exactly what he was now thinking of doing. His body was screaming that
Upon arriving at Gabriel’s, he was greeted by Rowena holding baby Michael, and dancing around their lounge as Gabriel sang along, extremely loudly and very badly to Heart’s, ‘All I Wanna Do’, on the stereo, which Gabriel said was now Dean and Castiel’s song. Gabriel insisted Dean and Cas’s tale was a ‘Heart Story’ not a love story.  After actually listening to the words of the song, Castiel reluctantly agreed to the parallel.  It didn’t stop Castiel from calling Gabriel an “Assbut” and threatening to set Meg on him.
Castiel turned and saw his helmet in her outstretched hands. Saying nothing, he took it from her and stared back out to where he’d last seen Dean’s car. He could feel his inner Alpha howling in distress at the separation from its mate.
Castiel climbed into the car, and Dean watched as they left.  Turning around he saw his father standing at the door watching them.
Gabriel tried to pull himself together.  “You’re very bossy.   I can see who the guy thought was the Dom in this relationship,” joked Gabriel.  Castiel and Dean glared at him.  “Well in certain clubs that require above statutory minimum age limits and cater to rather a ‘niche’ clientele, bracelets are used to identify different sexual preferences, or practices.   I’m aware that a bracelet like Cassie’s can be used to identify a preference for favouring 69 as a sexual position.”
Dean knew that if you had asked either of them who made the first move, or who initiated the closeness, neither could answer.   One moment they were moving together, bodies close, Castiel’s cheek against Dean’s jaw, eyes closed, enjoying the warmth and understanding between them.  The next there was tender kissing along jaw lines, hands cradling the other’s face, hands tangling in each’s hair, kisses falling on cheeks and foreheads before their lips finally met in a chaste kiss.
After a couple of hours Sam suggested that he go and find some coffee and food for Dean. Dean refused to leave Jack. Jess and Sam helped Dean settle into the armchair next to the incubator, instead of staying in the wheelchair. Dean remained focused on Jack, his hand resting next to Jack’s head.
“I don’t know.  I didn’t see him. Ambulance was just leaving when I got there. He was found at the sports track.  I didn’t think he was supposed to be running yet,” said Dean.
“You were with him last night, weren’t you?” said John finally.   He’d seen the smile, and the difference in Dean whenever Castiel was mentioned.
Dean said nothing as he drove them home.   His stomach was full of little butterflies.   It was only a phone number.  But he couldn’t help the thrill that filled him when he thought of being able to contact Cas if he needed to.
Neither knew who had initiated the move, but in a synchronised motion they moved towards Dean’s bed.  Castiel sat down, and Dean sat across his lap, his knees either side of Castiel’s firm thighs.   Castiel kissed up Dean’s chest, neck and jaw, splaying his hands across Dean’s back and shoulders, as Dean raked his nails through Castiel’s untamed hair.
The next few days at school passed in a blur for Dean.   He had repeatedly tried to speak to Castiel, but the boy was fast, and often was out of the classroom before Dean had a chance to see him.   Castiel was definitely avoiding him.   Dean thought that perhaps he felt bad for oversharing at the coffee shop.
Dean flinched slightly and looked up into concerned crystal blue eyes. "Cas, I shouldn't have these thoughts about you." He indicated in the general direction of his crotch, "this, this isn't …." He caught himself. He wanted to say, it was wrong, it wasn't natural, he wasn't gay, but somehow he couldn't force the words out, because it felt like it would be lie.
Castiel listened for a moment getting a feel for the timing, before moving slowly in time to the song.
Sam started talking as soon as they had pulled out of Gabriel’s drive.  “What was all that about?  What didn’t Cas want me to know?”
“Yep.  Proper professional stuff,” said Dean glancing over at Sam.   “The Playroom Gabe mentioned, is a film set.”
“I’ve got you,” said Dean.  He grabbed the lube and slicked up his own extremely hard cock, moaning at the touch.  He wiped his hand on the sheet before lifting Castiel’s thighs and positioning himself at Castiel’s entrance.  “Are you ready Angel?”
“I’ll do everything I can to find a way, as often as I can,” said Dean.   “But in the meantime,” he said kissing along Castiel’s jaw line and down into his neck before pushing back into the cushions and laying on top of him, “we still have a week together.  Let’s make the most of it.”
Charlie and Sam frequently spent several hours together each week discussing any new avenues for investigation. Charlie had dug up some interesting facts on Noah and Olivia that Crowley intended to use at the next hearing, which they hoped would show them both in a less than positive light. Sam had also dug deep and found a few other cases where the court had ruled in favour of the Omega’s family, rather than the Alpha’s.
Cas smirked proudly and gripped Dean's hips before licking him from base to tip. Dean swore again and clutched wildly at the wall to stop his knees giving way.
They made it to breakfast a little after 9am.    The waiter, Ryan, from the previous evening was working and offered them ‘their’ table on the patio again.   They were both ravenous and quickly accepted the offer of a fully loaded plate of bacon and eggs, with toast, pastries, fresh fruit kebabs, coffee and orange juice.
It was on Wednesday that things took a dramatic turn.  Upon arrival at school, Dean and Sam found the car park nearest the running track cordoned off, and an ambulance just pulling away.   Quickly parking up, Dean and Sam jogged over to the crowd of students that were gathered.
“Gabe said he wasn’t involved.  Cas just lives there,” said Dean firmly, shutting down that enquiry.
Dean glanced over at Sam.   Neither their father or Dean, had ever especially sheltered Sam from the world.   Sam had participated in all the same training that Dean had, with guns, knives and self-defence.  They had both spent a lot of time around adults at various survival camps, listening to stories that both men and women told of their adventures, their battles, violence, and on occasion their sexual exploits.   At 14 years old, Sam was still hopefully innocent, but not unaware.
Cas seemed to understand. Cas took the opportunity to pull off his t-shirt, and slowly lowered himself over Dean, for a kiss. As Cas moved, Dean raised his hips and managed to push his jeans down just enough to free himself and sighed deeply as Cas slotted between his legs, pressing on to him in just the right way.
“Sorry Dean, Gabriel forgot to tell me he had invited company,” said Castiel after the introductions.   “Zar is kind of like our distant cousin, maybe two or three times removed.”
“Sounds like there were quite a few lines they crossed.   All the stuff from before with Cas and then setting fire to the cabin,” said John shaking his head in disbelief.  “How is he now?”
The Sheriff raised an eyebrow at that, and Dean got the feeling that she didn’t believe his aim was so bad.  She turned to Castiel.   “Can you confirm this?”
Dean shook his head. “Listen. Don’t let the Lafitte’s get him. You take him and run. Find Charlie, she’ll help you.”
Dean grinned.  “That’s so hot.”   He continued thrusting, deliberately going slowly.  He could feel Castiel beginning to push back against him.    “Tell me Angel.  Tell me what you need.”
he thought, Castiel smelt like home. He just wanted to crawl back to Castiel, and he had tears forming as he walked back to the porch of the house.
Dean wasn’t naïve enough to think that there wouldn’t be some kind of attention on them at school for getting Alistair, Gordon and the rest of his little gang arrested.   But the amount of cheers, hollering and whistles aimed at them from the students as the four of them traversed the corridor to their lockers, surprised them all.
“Hell yeah,” said Dean firmly.   He sat back up on Castiel’s bed.   “You’ve been trying to hide for too long.   Be brave.  Stand out.”
To Castiel’s dismay his doctor insisted on a two night stay at the hospital.   Dean visited every evening after school, bringing Sam with him.    At first Sam had suggested he could go to the library alone, but Dean was now more concerned than ever of retaliatory attacks on Castiel or anyone that he had been seen talking to.  Their father was working away again, so Dean decided it was best they stick together.   Sam sat doing his homework at the table in Castiel’s room, whilst Dean and Castiel chatted quietly.
Castiel raised a single eyebrow as though to question the order, reminding Dean uncomfortably of their shopping trip, and the misunderstanding that had occurred with the shop keeper.   Dean rolled his eyes, as he realised what Castiel was thinking, and mentally apologised to him.
“I…. um…. OK.  Don’t get mad,“ said Dean defensively.  “I wanted them to be really angry, cause people do stupid things when they’re angry.  So, I thought, what would really upset them….” Dean trailed off.
