Until…
At one point they were just that. He could have refused Mike Stamford earlier their meeting day and that was all that they would be- strangers. The word "No" was already on the tip of his tongue by the time he heard the heavy footfalls of Stamford echo in Bart's hallway. He knew he would hear another set of steps that belonged to his potential flatmate follow.He knew he promised Mrs.Hudson to look for a flatmate yet the highly-functioning sociopath was not exactly overzealous about sharing his living space with another person.
"But he wasn't a good man", John had told him. No guilt and not the slightest trace of regret. It wasn't for the blood-lust or the ex-soldier's need for chaos. It was for him. No more no less than that. When John bid him the customary 'good night' when they returned to their flat the adjective disturbed him.
Sherlock quietly observes John. Can't stop him or does he want to when jumper-clad, teary-eyed John removes an object uncomfortably familiar to Sherlock hidden in his clothes and injects a syringe-full of whatever drug into his arm. Ironic though, Sherlock muses, that the drug addict dies from a bullet to the chest and the soldier from overdose. A few beads of blood escapes. John pressed on the punctured spot for a while with his left thumb and he smiles.
Rosie walks with John. Has her arm looped around his, holding him but not supporting the stubborn greying doctor who can 'Darn well still walk on my own thank you very much.' John is only a few meters away and still with 'the mentality of an immature prat' to quote John, Sherlock goes to hide behind one of the tall looming trees. He is briefly overcome by a sense of deja vu.
Patience paid off. The angel was his. It was, at long last, them against the world: besting arch-nemeses, dogding Mycroft's nosiness, scaring off any boyfriend that did not derserve Rosie( No man did.), setting Lestrade up on an online dating site, by the name of 'Gary the Cop'(That is his name, correct?) and receiving a message from an interested, annoymous male whose profile portrayed a face partially hooded with a sleek, black umbrella.
Sherlock finds himself saying," Ever stating the obvious John."
The days crawled by as the years flew past.
"Sherlock, love." John speaks and Sherlock worries if John has lost the capability to string together sentences longer than three words.But those few words are enough. Enough to convey that John is tired- tired of being trapped in an aging body, tired of being baggage, tired of just exsiting not living and tired of missing Sherlock.
But Sherlock didn't because he was trying. At the end of all this Magnussen would be an elminated threat and John would have Mary and they would have that perfect white picket fence life. That.
As a result, Sherlock Holmes ventured to do the same. Cocaine couldn't replace John but it could deceive his senses into feeling short stubble on a smooth chin, could cloak the flowery rich perfume for the scent of home and tea, enabled him to stare into Janine's brown eyes and see blue achingly familiar orbs gaze back.
That fell into the category of 'good'.
He schemed, he jumped, grieved, killed and groomed himself.He left and came back. All for the happiness of one John Watson because when Sherlock did love he loved wholly, unabashedly and obessively.
A step, a sharp rap against the floor from a cane, a pause and another step.
So when Sherlock first put others before himself it was for John. Jumper-clad, steely-eyed John who had swept his morals under the carpet temporarily for a stranger when he killed a man outside the battlefield.
"God, I'm old." John light-heartedly says knowing Sherlock would scrowl for-one, believing in a higher being and two, being obvious.
John limps across the well-worn path and Sherlock cranes his head up from where he is seated to see his love's lumbering posture. His grey eyes receive, his brilliant mind processes and the effect is his lips streching over pale skin grinning the grin reserved for family. The chasm in his chest is filled.
He took now that he could. Sherlock cannot help but be selfish when it came to John. He soaked in John's tears of grief, his love, his frowns, his steady hands, his eyes, his arms, his lips and his body. Sherlock surrendered too, to John, his flaws, his passions, his pouts, his heart, his body and mind. He was so very selfish but equally selfless when it came to his paradox of a mate.
Interesting.
Irene wasn't the woman who beat him.In the end setiment ruined her chance of success, gifting Sherlock the final victory in their little game. No that title did not belong to Irene for it did to Mary. Mary who got to keep John's heart, carry John's child and love him openly.
Most probably be lost without ever knowing that he was.
Moving to the stairs, head tilted and eyes trained on John's door Sherlock whispered into the quiet darkness, "Neither am I."
He is well-hidden by the time the duo arrive in front of a greyish-black stone slab and Sherlock sees John's face fall a little. Rosie's arm slips out, clutches her dad's hand for a brief moment and understanding that he needs time alone with his husband, shifts her eyes forward, utters "Papa" turns and leaves. She will return to collect John in twenty-two minutes and ten seconds.
For now, the said man has been standing on his own for a while. But he looks up right at Sherlock, right into his heart.John chuckles. Sherlock does not doubt his husband's ability to surprise him and finds himself pleasantly shocked at this odd behaviour. He steps out from the trees.
Sherlock runs to him and reaches out. His fingers cannot hold nor touch and they slip through the kneeling man's form. He can feel the gaping hole in his chest return now, reality hitting him with the bolded sure font in front of his eyes 'dead'.
And then she died.
Sherlock cups the angel's face in his hands though both cannot feel the sensation. John rubs his same thumb along a line on the cold slab, feeling the drug take its effect and highlighting with his blood the engraved words,' A good man'.
He hadn't been expecting to be showered with kisses upon his return, though he would not have minded that too much, but he could not accept that his best friend had moved on and found his replacement.
But then the other man rose, as if having made his mind up.
Despite the difficulty to discern his features more clearly, Victor Trevor had the look of someone a bit lost instead of frightening and vengeful.
But was it genuinely felt or was it part of an act, much like the game he entertained with Magnussen?
“It might be very dangerous and there is a huge risk that we won’t succeed in our efforts. And if we fail, he will come after you. Magnussen. That’s why I hesitated for so long to bring you into it. I would hate for him to ruin your life as well.”
He despised how ineloquent he sounded, he very seldom felt this out of his depth, always being the man with a well-hatched plan prepared for every eventuality. But this was a matter he wasn’t used to deal with. The ridiculousness of the baser emotions of humans, such as jealousy, and pride, scorned feelings and rejection made him feel completely out of his element and it only resulted in him growing even angrier with Sherlock for dropping such a mess in his lap to deal with.
“I came here with the foolish hope that my intel might have been mistaken and that my brother would actually be here, despite all evidence pointing to the contrary,” he says with a tone of hollowness that makes John’s frown deepen and his heart pound even faster.
This new behaviour is strange beyond comprehension and John can’t for the life of him figure it out.
“Aren’t you going to answer it?” he asked when the phone went off yet again.
It reminded him of a frightening encounter with a sand viper he had once come across in the desert.
He had come to the realisation that he was in love with Sherlock a few months ago despite many efforts trying to tamper those feelings down.
Sherlock always looks detached in all the others, like he’s mentally thinking of something else and wishes for the moment to be over. A poseur, knowing he looks good and what sort of image he wants to project, not bothering with anything more than moving on.
“As I said, we modified your former army weapon a bit. The sound was for the benefit of my men, upon hearing the signal they were to enter the building. As per the arrangement of plan number 7.”
Because this was a bedroom.
“What did you say Sherlock was suffering from?” he asked instead.
Sherlock, not very surprisingly considering his fondness for research, proved to be a very curious and investigative lover and John felt himself rise to the challenge of meeting his need to try things out while enjoying the privilege of being the dominant one between them.
With Victor, at least they knew what they were dealing with.
“I think I have been too lenient with you for far too long. And not only me but your brother as well, along with everyone else you have wrapped around your fingers. No wonder you consider yourself invincible. But there are consequences to those who behave badly, Sherlock.”
Before he had managed to come up with a plan that would remove the risk of anything ever happening between his brother and the doctor there had been more signs of a romance threating to develop in the Baker Street household and he came to the realisation that John wasn’t a procrastinator but a doer who had already began trying to set his seduction plans in motion while Mycroft was trying to come up with his own plan of putting a stop to it.
“Are you in some sort of trouble?”
“Not if you consider what was stolen and the fact that we tried to hide our crime afterwards by creating a forgery.  I was not a minor when I committed the theft, even if I was very young and I was not affected by drugs when we agreed to create the forgery. Mycroft was definitely an adult and we both knew what we were doing. The fact that we never managed to locate the missing plans is also something that weighs against us in this case. In the eyes of the law we were lucky they ended up in Victor’s hands, as the alternative could have been much worse.
Mycroft was beginning to feel like he wanted to hide behind the palm of his hands but at least Magnussen did still seem intrigued by the nonsense Sherlock was spewing or at least by the show he was putting on regarding his physical assets.
It was the painting of the young man chained to a bed with the shadowy ominous figure reaching out for his throat.
“What would my information be worth to you, if I was willing to do business?”
. The main reason for our outing yesterday. The man you assumingly spent many hours in the company of. Did you succeed in your task?”
As they passed him in the doorway Mycroft wasn’t met by a single glance from any of them, and he wondered if this was perhaps standard procedure when dining with Magnussen, something they were used to doing. Or if they were simply hired companions, ready to leave when no longer needed.
“And if spending time with a blackmailer includes getting naked with him in his bedroom, that is fine by you as well, I assume?”
His head was dizzy on account of the wine and champagne he had consumed without eating particularly much to ease the impact of alcohol. He knew it had been a bad mistake but frankly he didn’t care anymore and as he rushed up the stairs he managed to snatch yet another glass from a startled waiter who passed him, downing it at once before he dropped the empty glass carelessly on the thick carpet.
He had certainly not taken advantage of their short time together to its fullest he realised, so much time wasted on things that now seemed utterly unimportant.
Now a deep sigh was heard and it was very tempting to just turn around and face each other while finishing this, but the gun was still pressed between his shoulder blades and as he had no idea how Victor might react, he wasn’t willing to test his luck by acting out of instinct.
“Look, Sherlock. Whatever he might have said earlier, I’m not some sort of informant who works for him. I will give him the facts that has to do with your health, nothing more. So you may speak openly to me about everything. And as far as your brother’s problems with two of the seven deadly sins, he can discuss those issues with his own doctor.”
Mycroft had a few dark secrets and pressure points, even if deeply buried and well-hidden. He would fall hard from grace if faced with the threat of exposure, not to mention the greatest pressure point of all standing right in front of him this very moment, squirming uncomfortably in front of the mirror and surprisingly unwilling to go along with the plan his older brother had come up with. Despite the plan being uncomplicated and almost laughable in its simplicity.
And since he is standing here, in the doorway of the still damp and steamy atmosphere of the bathroom in Baker Street, omitting to both knock or politely wait in the living room for John to emerge of his own accord, it means that his issue has something to do with Sherlock.
Ignoring the clear insult hidden in the description of what it is Sherlock does for a living, not to mention Lestrade’s actual profession, John feels himself beginning to reach the end of his patience.
“The only reason I’m telling you anything is because I need you to find him so I can throttle him afterwards. And don’t pretend that you have no idea what he does when he is with me, in or outside the bedroom. You have enough surveillance on us to know the brand of my bloody underwear. How you for some reason have managed to lose sight of him at this particular time, is quite astonishing.”
It was clear that this trip had been made in vain.
“I don’t know, it’s not so riveting that I’ve felt the need to count them.”
Behind his back Mycroft cleared his throat and addressed him one final time.
“While, waiting to hear from them, tell me all you know about my brother’s behaviour from the moment I left yesterday. But please, feel free to exclude all
Or more correctly, it is closer to 36 hours by now.
The dinner trudged on with him treating himself to some food and a lot to drink while he tuned out the soft chatter from the other guests as he had no interest in what they were talking about anyway.
John increased his movements and moved his tongue down the shaft and back to the balls as Sherlock practically whimpered from the loss of his hot lips around his cock.
Well, at least he had earned himself some breathing space from Magnussen for now, having this other man to sink his teeth into instead.
If he hadn’t been so accomplished with telling this particular lie he would not have added it, Magnussen was a disturbingly well reader of character, he could sense other people’s weaknesses almost as well as Mycroft could and it was a dangerous path to go down and even more so to be caught in a web of lies, especially of this particular character. But it felt necessary to be distancing himself from Sherlock, it wouldn’t serve their purposes if they appeared to be close, it could rouse Magnussen’s suspicions as to the nature of Sherlock’s intentions.
So instead John took a few steps back to give Victor some space and spoke calmly, as if addressing a horse that was easily spooked.
“I know,” he waived her off and after a minute of silent hesitation she was gone, both metaphorically as well as physically. If she slammed the door behind her he didn’t notice it.
“Oh yes, more than a few!” he seethed.
John went slack in the butler’s hold as realised that there was nothing more he could do.
“Well, I can only say that with the level of narcotics running through my blood stream that night, I’m surprised I even managed to steal those damn plans in the first place. That I misplaced them afterwards was truly unfortunate though.”
John heard the door close behind his back and the feeling of being alone, trapped with a viper in close confinement suddenly struck him as he looked at Magnussen seated behind his desk, clearly in full control of the situation, raising the glass to his lips for a sip.
Even that strangling incident had not managed it.
…” He hesitated as if contemplating whether he should continue, drawing out the suspense about something both of them in reality already knew.
Without paying any closer attention to what he was hearing as he was so easily distracted by the closeness to the other man’s body, he concluded that it had to be a well-functioning organ and decided to move on to the lungs instead, mentally scolding himself for being so preoccupied by other, more pleasurable ideas.
He bit down on the inside of his cheek to prevent himself from flinching as the snake made its way across his exposed throat.
At least the media mogul had been occupied for the past couple of days running after Sherlock and had unlikely planned an attack against Mycroft simultaneously.
Because it seemed every method was fair game in Sherlock’s opinion and if it meant going well and beyond duty and offer himself to the blackmailer sexually, that was apparently ok as well. But it was far from ok with John. There were lines you simply didn’t cross, not even for a case, and sleeping with the enemy was certainly one of those.
Sherlock turned to look at him, his face blank. When John realised that Sherlock wasn’t joking, his eyes widened even more.
“You know why I’m asking about him. What happened for him to leave so suddenly? Between you and me, leaving Victor out of it completely, was there more than just a professional relationship going on between the two of you?”
So he had allowed himself to forget his duties, he had neglected to take the tests or performed the examinations he had been hired to do and which most likely would have exposed Sherlock’s drug habit earlier, and it had happened simply because his focus had been on the naked body in front of him instead of everything else happening around him.
As previously stated by Dr Roylott himself, he had apparently done this before and knew how to deal with the aftermath, never raising any suspicion.
He determinedly put his cup down next to him and then leaned back in his chair, a satisfied smile on his lips.
He could feel the actual hairs on his neck rise from excitement as he realised who it was that had sent the message. The mystery guest from that first night he had spent with Magnussen!
“But Sir! You can’t just...” he heard the woman call out behind his back before tuning her out.
“I’m afraid I can offer you no answer to that. I’m not a medical man and have no idea how long he will remain like this. For his sake, I hope it will turn better soon enough.”
“A veritable zoo, it seems.”
He should have realised this as Sherlock seldom willingly sought him out, and after their rather agitated blow-up earlier today after Dr Watson had left, he had expected his brother to sulk in his room for at least a couple of days.
“Yes, and seeing our host very instinctively reacting with physical force when affronted, how likely do you think it is that my brother, one of the most irritating people to walk the earth and never one to know when to simply keep his mouth shut, has managed to stroll out of here unharmed?”
“I’ll see you around, John. Maybe a night at the pub soon? Catch up on how things are going for you? The wife’s off to her parents shortly, so I have no one demanding my presence at the dinner table.”
“You need to come with me, Dr Watson. Your services are needed. Hurry,” she said, a tone of urgency in her voice even if she looked nothing out of the ordinary otherwise. Even her face looked neutral, her clothes impeccable, as if she had never gone to bed. Maybe foregoing sleep was something that was expected when working for someone like Mycroft.
Sherlock tutted at this.
It was like switching on a button, the way fury instantly flashed in Doctor Roylott’s eyes at these flippant words.
But however observant Sherlock always claimed himself to be, he either didn’t see John’s darkening eyes or he simply didn’t care, because he continued in the same mocking tone.
Mycroft pursed his lips in displeasure.
Sherlock’s mouth did a wry little twitch.
“Since when did you start asking redundant questions?”
It was pointless to regret actions he could not do undone, but in this situation he could recognise that it wasn’t the snake bite alone that caused an uncomfortable stinging sensation inside of him.
Sherlock’s pale face looked at him from beneath a curtain of black curls that had fallen down across his forehead and his hands kept moving slightly as if he was trying to grasp for something to hold onto while coming up with the right thing to say.
And what of Victor Trevor? Sherlock had as of yet not really offered any explanation on how they were going to get rid of him.
The only reason John even for a second paid it any notice was because it was standing next to the rack that it was supposed to be kept in, but probably didn’t fit properly considering its form.
“What’s he taken?” he said, trying to sound even, while his mind still tried to grasp what he was actually witnessing.
Victor was clearly someone who along the road had lost his footing on reality but wasn’t aware of it himself. To refer to him as ticking bomb, as Sherlock had done earlier, had not been an exaggeration.
When the murmur had silenced again glasses were raised, and Magnussen finished the whole speech by raising his own glass as well while declaring:
That night seems like ages ago now, so much time that has passed since then, so many developments, especially when it comes to the relationship that has grown between him and Sherlock over time.
But for now he had not done anything actively to let Sherlock know how he felt, even if he wasn’t sure he had been doing a very good job at hiding these newly developed feelings despite the fact that  Sherlock was admittedly very slow to realise things when it came to matters of the heart.
“A chemist who knows how to experiment with different ways of administering drugs to leave as little physical evidence as possible. And besides, this is all a guessing game, I have no idea if it’s morphine, heroin, cocaine or whatever other drug he might have decided to take!”
Mycroft immediately cut him off.
So instead of accepting Mycroft’s offer of a car taking him home, John shakes his head in stubborn decline despite the fact that Mycroft can’t possibly see him with his back turned. But because he is a Holmes, Mycroft excels at knowing what takes place behind his back anyway and John can tell that his frustration increases by his refusal to comply.
In his opinion, that was actually the worst part about this, the inability to hide. Physical intrusions were often more or less endurable, his body was nothing but transport after all, but to know that he was being watched without the power to do anything about it was what truly galled him.
That had been the lay of the land on the evening when Sherlock disappeared and also the reason why John subconsciously had not sought out Sherlock’s company after returning from work.
He immediately cracks a dry smile when seeing it.
And yet, a hint of smugness, possibly even relief and satisfaction were appearing in his features as well.
But if John Watson at least had the decency to shut up when noticing Mycroft’s discomfort, Charles Magnussen thought differently.
“Is that supposed to scare me off?”
It had clearly not occurred to him that Magnussen might not be alone in his flat. Bachelor or not, maybe he still had people who kept him satisfied at all hours Or perhaps the rumour of his bachelor status was simply untrue? Or had it been a business partner? One of his blackmailing targets?
As soon as the words were out of his mouth, he knew it was too late.
Neither did John receive any information about why Mycroft seemed so protective of his brother or why a medical exam was needed so frequently. The young man seemed healthy enough, if a bit too thin and with deplorable eating and sleeping habits, but that was hardly cause for serious concern.
John tightened his jaw, while closing his eyes for a moment to keep his boiling anger in check. However outlandish it sounded, it seemed as if he did not have the upper hand in this situation right now and it would therefor be foolish to continue arguing the case.
“Remain silent and don’t even think about turning. Just walk straight ahead towards that little grove to the left. I don’t think I need to tell you that disobeying me would be very unwise right now.”
It was either that or simply leave straight away, and he knew he wouldn’t be able to just do that, however tempting such an alternative was. Not without at least letting Sherlock know how disappointed he was.
Another gasp of pain and then the soft rustle of dried grass as the other man’s knees made impact when they dropped down in front of him to the ground while John continued to hold the arm in a firm grip, unwilling to let go, still breathing heavily from his outburst.
Once bitten, the fear of being so again simply disappeared. There was no more damage to be done.
His grip around the hair roots tightened for a second as he tilted the younger man’s head back so their eyes could meet.
A minute later John was already deeply asleep.
“Naturally. I always need to take precautions when it comes to Sherlock. His safety is my main concern. Believe me when I say that my men are professionals, they hardly care about the comings and goings of an ex-army doctor.”
“Not at all, Mr Magnussen. I was just about to start my shift but there is still a little time left. Erm, how may I help you?”
He cast a quick glance at the clock. Not even eight in the morning. What could this be all about?
“Start getting better soon, Sherlock, I’ll eagerly await some improvement within the next couple of days. Oh, and I told Mycroft to allow Victor to come visit you. I’ll bet that could really get you motivated enough to get out of that bed and back on your feet.”
“I don’t really care how you communicate with each other, one stuffy bore to another, but he's hardly going to display what he truly feels, is he?” Sherlock objected.
“He’s down there, first door ahead, you can’t miss it. As the red light to the left of the door turns green, you may enter. No need to knock, he knows you’re here,” she said and then turned on her heel and headed back along the corridor.
Sherlock shook his head and his eyes turned downcast for a moment, looking at the ground, uncharacteristically meek for once. He showed more humbleness now than after being exposed with his drug abuse, which was ironic considering how he had behaved that night.
But now, a small glimmer of hope had finally materialised itself in their bleak situation and surprisingly it was John Watson who held the key to their dilemma.
He had always been under the impression that no one spoke of anything related to gossip, that most of them remained mum about things associated with their boss, he had certainly never heard anyway talk about either Mycroft nor Sherlock before.
“You know that you can’t possibly shoot me, right? The police would be here in an instant if a gun was fired in a place like this.”
Sherlock had done far sillier things in his line of work than battering his eyelashes and flirt with someone to achieve what he wanted. Why this was now suddenly a problem was quite baffling.
“What’s happened?”
And then....well, who knew.....
“There must be something more for Magnussen to gain from all of this?” he asked. “Why would he be interested in helping someone like Victor getting his boyfriend back and arrange for some sort of forced marriage? What would be the incentive for him to get involved? A rich media tycoon like him dabbling with some sort of unrequited love affair?”
“Oh, he drugged me, didn’t he...?” he finally almost whispered, his mind probably still reeling with the realisation while Mycroft had already moved on from that obvious conclusion, trying to focus on the more pressing matter of where his brother might actually have gone.
The moon was almost full and the lawn outside as well as the path leading down the to lake were clearly visible in the dim light and yet it looked like no one was waiting for him as he passed through the door. There wasn’t a single person in sight.
John wasn’t a particularly jealous person under normal circumstances, and he felt very secure in the knowledge that his feelings were reciprocated by Sherlock when they had finally settled into their new arrangement as a couple. But still, another man’s hands on what was only John’s to be had? He couldn’t deny that it would bother him immensely.
He also remembered seeing his own army weapon hanging loosely from Victor’s hand and then the two lifeless bodies lying inside the room, with Magnussen hunched half-way over the bed, trousers round his ankles, his cock still erect which could have given the sight a somewhat comical touch if not for the severity of the situation.
Because what would be the odds of that being the case?
“Is that the proper way to greet someone? You sound very stressed.....is something the matter?”
They had gone straight back to Baker Street and fucked each other later that same day and had kept doing it right until the day before the wedding. Afterwards it never happened again, neither the kissing nor the sex.
For all they knew, Sherlock could very well be at home again right now, lounging about in the living room, probably wondering a little bit about John’s absence, but just as likely not even paying too much attention if he was there or not.
And he was right of course, a huge part of it had been about Mycroft’s offer to allow John a position at the research facility along with Mike Stamford, there was no use denying it.
Because a plan concocted while hight on a mix of cocaine and morphine might seem like a really good one in theory, the fact that you’re still influenced by a drug that will eventually cause you to come down with a crash meant that the plans were by the early morning hours the furthest  thing from my mind and remained so until late afternoon the next day when I realised that I must have misplaced them and was now unable to figure out where.
He immediately sat straight up and stared at her in bewilderment, still half-asleep but yet aware that if she was here then something must have happened.
living room? Without my knowledge or consent??! For how long has this been going on??”
Besides, he was partly doing this for Mycroft anyway, even if he himself couldn’t be bothered with caring about politics and tarnished reputations.
Because Sherlock never cared for others before. Granted, he didn't care for Mycroft either but there was never a risk of anyone taking him away.
Mycroft had never managed to predict what his brother would do next and it simultaneously vexed him as well as fascinated him.
“Calm down, Dr Watson. You’ll be filled in as soon as we reach the house. He was breathing when I left and even if the situation is looking severe, Mr Holmes preferred it if you, as his brother’s personal physician, was the one to come and tend to the situation. Calling for an ambulance would be more like a last resort. None of them are particularly fond of hospitals.”
The first person John noticed as they entered the room was Sherlock sitting next to Victor to the right of the empty seat at the end of the table that assumingly was reserved for the host.
It was never fully dark in here though, small dimmers created a soft light above the bed so he knew he was fully visible. And he knew what he was expected to see as well.
On all the other occasions when Mycroft had met him, Magnussen had a slight smirk on his lips and a dead-eyed stare, unpleasantness coming out of every pore, but not overtly set on causing any trouble or discomfort, he just saw himself as a businessman conducting transactions like everybody else, no matter that those transactions ruined lives.
John had been given the short and probably very edited version of events afterwards, even if some details remained classified as Mycroft put it, despite Sherlock’s protestations from his bed.
Magnussen wasn’t a real issue of his, but Dr Roylott was a business associate to the man after all, Sherlock’s disappearance was bound to be discussed between them at some point.
Content in the knowledge that they would at least make it out of the house without being confronted by the clearly dangerous doctor, John closed his own door silently but only backed away from it with a few steps, drew his weapon and then waited.
But of course he felt no trepidation at all, mere curiosity, and when relief over Magnussen’s probable absence loosened the tightness of his chest, he felt himself relax despite the circumstances.
He turned his head to throw John a pointed glance over his shoulder. “Well, I’m leaning now…”
The phone rang for almost a full minute before someone picked up on the other end.
“So what now? How do we locate him? You always have such rigorous watch over him otherwise, don’t tell me you chose to let your guard down for once, now that we actually need to find him?”
Mycroft gave him a quick inspection but skipped the most telling signs of recent activities as he had no desire to know too much.
“There is your problem then,” Mycroft interrupted him. “When dealing with Sherlock, don’t make any assumptions, because you will soon be bereft of them.”
Rushing over to the window he saw Sherlock stalking off in a temper down the street, clearly not pleased with John at the moment either. The fact that he apparently was so irritated that he had stormed off without proper clothes on, spoke volumes. But John was too angry himself to care about that right now. Sherlock could very well freeze if he wanted to. Maybe Magnussen could offer him a warm lap for his cold body to snuggle inside if necessary?
And as there was no way John was going to accept such a taunting without retaliation he had grabbed his lover firmly by the arms and pushed him forcefully against a book case in  the library before devouring his mouth with a passionate kiss.
The décor was in a similar style as the rest of the house, the one exception being Sherlock’s chaotic room upstairs, and it consisted of a large but simple single bed in the middle of the room with a beige coverlet on top of it, a wooden closet and a chest of drawers next to the window. Not one single personal item to be seen, not even a piece of clothing.
The fingers did not release their vicelike grip and he felt how his vision began to blur as he panted for oxygen.
“So to put it simply, you have turned a real prison sentence that would likely have given you a few years at the most behind bars, in exchange for a lifetime as a prisoner to Victor, with him as your own personal jailer? I still don’t understand how Mycroft is agreeing to any of this? And why are
He had lost sight of Sherlock and Magnussen during the evening and only noted Mycroft departure without actually speaking to the man, so feeling a little left behind and useless, he decided to leave as well, feeling more useful waiting for Sherlock’s return iat home instead.
, you’ve just been too busy fucking me against the furniture to notice. Not much talking involved when there is a cock shoved down one’s throat, so maybe you’re excused for not noticing before, but believe me, I’ve been called worse than arsehole in my life jus for being myself, you were just too horny to notice.”
Soon he hoped, as he squinted his eyes, looking at a cloud floating by, trying not to think about his meeting with Magnussen tonight. A part of him wanted it to happen because it would mean one step closer to the end of this, but another part of him worried that he was somehow going to botch things up.
However much it chagrined him to bow down to these anger tantrums, he still made the effort to call his brother when he had finished his coffee, but naturally there was no answer. Knowing Sherlock, he could sulk for days if he wanted to.
He thought he sounded like a babbling idiot but bit down the urge to explain himself any further. This was after all nothing he hadn’t done a million times before.
“I really don’t understand what the secrecy is all about, what exactly are you hiding in that research facility of yours, Mycroft? Afraid that I might uncover you to be in charge of some sordid business that won’t stand the light of exposure?”
“No mystery to it. This is of course not the first time I’ve visited that sad shack you choose to call a home,” came the lofty reply. “The rest of your belongings are really a pathetic variety of knickknacks, but this weapon was an interesting, if a bit unexpected, surprise. What intrigues me is how no one else has managed to find your little secret until I did. Keeping a gun tucked away under your mattress is hardly a good hiding spot.”
There was the sound of snickering from Pemberton and Mycroft clenched his fists in anger. How dared they talk about his brother in such a manner? As if Sherlock would even look at any of them! At least Hawkes had a little more sense, as he wasn’t willing to join in on the laughter.
“I said
“What’s that supposed to mean? He can’t be held responsible for me hating the food at this place. What’s he supposed to do about it, come around to force-feed me? Or is that
He was one of the Foreign secretary’s many pointless recruits who had more ambition than actual sense.
“And has he been informed of the full arrangement?”
“That he got a little sneak peak of the entertainment to be had the other night and now I withdraw it, which will result in him becoming increasingly eager to see what it is that he’s missing out on. And a person with his main focus turned in one direction is bound to stop paying attention to all the other diversions that surrounds him. We need to rile him up a little bit.”
“He isn’t totally useless when it comes to advice. Or at least he shouldn’t be, he works for the Government, so advising people is more or less his day job. In this matter I figured that he made a good point…”
He signed the document and pushed it back towards Mycroft who picked it up, gave it a close scrutiny and the put it away again. While looking at him doing this, John was suddenly hit by something he hadn’t thought of asking earlier.
“Not much else to do at those events. Food and drink are after all one of the few satisfying entertainments to be had when trying to mingle with a crowd of that assortment. But you digress, Sherlock, stay on topic please.”
“Really? Your main concern is what Mycroft might think?”
“It’s rather extreme, considering the kind of man Magnussen is. It’s frankly well beyond keen. Almost desperate. No change that, it’s most certainly desperate.”
out?”
But if he did know, he didn’t say anything about it and after having swallowed his small bite, time for regrets was apparently over and he continued.
Sherlock would have known, he would not have chewed the scenery like Mycroft does on the screen. It was pure luck that John Watson didn’t smell a rat that day.
When no further explanation was offered, Magnussen picked up the bone John had thrown him, by acting polite and understanding.
The obvious answer would of course be Mycroft but at the same time it seems unlikely because what would he have to hide?
The picture of Sherlock running down the street with his shirt open, his coat flapping behind his back away from Magnussen’s flat, was still firmly ingrained in Mycroft’s mind, especially the fact that his brother had seemed almost giddy in his features, like a small boy playing truant on school hours, or having pulled off a really successful prank. It was highly worrisome.
“Oh, I’m available, Mr Holmes. It all depends on who asks for my attention. Your card allowed you entry to see me, others might not have been as lucky.”
But another part of him felt a surge of relief when realising that Sherlock actually hadn’t succumbed to his old deplorable habits again. At least not to the extent that he had feared.
“On the other hand, drugging you would suggest Magnussen’s involvement, knowing your dislike of the man and my little brother’s preference of dodging difficult issues rather facing them.”
The burly voice of Dr Roylott conveyed a tone of surprise when answering.
John sourly thought to himself.
For starters, it had been immensely helpful that he had decided confront John last night, as it had presented Sherlock with the perfect opportunity to arrange his own meeting with John soon after.
It had been a veritable rollercoaster ride of ups and downs in a manner never previously experienced by Mycroft.
“Stop it!”
He even went so far as to invent a made-up chart of calory intake that he believed his patient would benefit from and Sherlock had with a hint of exasperation complained about that particular detail as it meant that Mycroft suddenly had decided on what they should eat based on what the chart said, ordering food with a high calory index to be served at every meal and it had been a real bother for Sherlock to get through those arrangements when he really wasn’t interested in food to begin with.
Trying to squint made no difference, it was still too dark to tell what it was, but he could clearly see that whatever it was, it was slowly making its way down above his head.
So instead he cleared his throat and decided to ignore whatever bodily responses the other man elicited in him by remaining  seemingly unmoved.
He would hardly be able to use Sherlock against Magnussen after tonight, too much information was out in the open and Sherlock’s identity as well as his relationship status were no longer a well-kept secret.
“Tasted it?!” John blurted out with rising horror, imagining Sherlock standing over one of those beakers from his chemistry set in that cluttered room of his, putting his tongue out to lick the liquid of a spatula dipped in his freshly produced experiment.
“Who knows? He probably wanted to, the only thing preventing him from doing it would have been the redundancy of such an act when he had already managed to bring his point across. And perhaps your presence as well, he has always been keen on keeping up appearances.”
Come to think of it, the whole room, and most likely the rest of the house as well, reeked of some ancient nostalgia that seemed more sad than anything else and John wondered how anyone could prefer to live like this, recluse or not, when this time and age could offer so much more in way of comfort and modernisation. The light in the room was provided by bloody oil lamps and a roaring fire, for God’s sake!
Sherlock, who had now turned his attention to his laptop next to the microscope instead, simply shrugged.
And from then on, things had been great, all misgivings about romantic commitment thrown out the window and fully enjoyed by both parties, even if some aspects of being in a relationship still confused and slightly bothered him.
“I never heard her say that.”
“There is always his fiancé or his brother to consult.”
He tried to collect himself by turning his eyes away from Magnussen’s scrutinizing stare.
Reluctant to continue talking, John just nodded absently, trying not to encourage her to inform him of further personal misfortunes. He wanted to concentrate on his meeting with Magnussen that he suspected could turn out to be a tricky affair.
The sound of the squeaking of the chair under his weight makes his facial features twist for a brief second before he manages to settle himself comfortably. He loosens his tie as well as unbuttoning his waistcoat before his finger presses the remote and the large screen in front of him turns alive.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed even further, becoming mere slits of darkness in his pale face, but he remained quiet and John continued unperturbed, as he slowly rose from the chair.
Ignoring this little jab, Mycroft turned away from Sherlock so he wouldn’t have to look at the smug glimmer in his brother's eyes. Behind his back Sherlock continued to talk.
Mycroft sighed and his grip around the handle of the Malacca cane tightened even further.
wants it so there you are. That’s what marriage is all about, I hear.
This was apparently the end of Sherlock's patience as he was already turning to face the door, clearly about to storm out.
For God’s sake, what an idiot!
The first stepdaughter had apparently died of some sort of cardiac arrest or stroke in the middle of the night, despite not having shown any signs of a previous heart condition. Her sister had been the one to find her gasping for air in her bed before falling into a coma, never to wake up again.
Perplexed Mycroft considered why Magnussen had decided to seek him out, but decided it prudent to let the man in. A part of him wondered if had something to  do with Sherlock, if his brother had perhaps not managed to keep up the façade of the charming and enticing young man that he had played yesterday, there was after all only so much patience to be expected from Sherlock in the end.
“I know that there is more to this story than what you’re letting on, Sherlock. You’re forgetting who it was that taught you how to omit the truth in a believable way in the first place, a master can always tell when one of his students is trying to copy his methods.”
Before he could help himself, John blurted out:
“You can inform the driver that I won’t be joining him today,” he had tried telling his colleague as a way of avoiding any further discomfort, but to his dismay, this had only been met by a shake of the head.
As he crossed the landing on his way upstairs, he felt strangely self-conscious for some reason, as if someone was watching him, which was absurd of course as he knew very well that he was alone. For a second the thought that Sherlock might have returned but not wished to wake him up, hit him.
Agile and bendy he had done things to his body that John had previously only seen on porn sites during lonesome evenings out in the Afghan desert when he had tapped away at his computer to stave off the most urgent feeling of sexual frustration.
Right now, Mycroft actually looks like he might be caring just a little bit after all, but unfortunately, he remains uncommunicative.
Sherlock Holmes was unruly like an untamed feline and probably as loony as a bat but by God was he a hot piece of ass!
It still left him curious as to why Sherlock had conducted another break-in on the day when John had first met him, so many years after the first ones.
“Hey, love, miss me?” he said and planted a kiss on Sherlock’s pale cheek before heading to the kitchen to unpack the bags.
“Perfectly well. I never waste my time looking for things in here.”
He looks more or less like the other goons Mycroft employs, but perhaps a bit younger and he actually raises his eyebrows in question while silently asking John if there is anything he wants.
A warm feeling spread inside his chest as he pedalled through the cold darkness of the night, a feeling of pure excitement as well as giddiness accompanied him all the way home for a few hours of well deserved rest before events were going to be kicked into action by tomorrow morning.
It was almost painful to watch the other man finally come to the realisation of what must have happened to him, his speech coming to a halt as he looked at the cup, his words jogging his memory as he put the situation in context with his own very unexpected session of deep sleep.
“Every new, above average criminal we have encountered is always a new level of expertise. It doesn’t mean that they are better than Sherlock in the long run. Or
These were constant issues that had existed even before they became a couple and in Sherlock’s eyes he never understood how they still remained unsolved after such a long period of time.
“So I see.”
“Enjoying the view?”
Even if he performed this type of work most days anyway, it felt particularly rewarding to go and do something normal for a while, something that kept him occupied and unable to fret about the situation with Sherlock.
Even if time was of importance, Mycroft still decided that this particular little detour was essential if it meant that he would succeed in ridding himself of Magnussen’s presence.
It had been his first meeting with a man that he after tonight hoped to never see again when they were done here.
“Alright, I guess we have a deal then.”
It’s very unsettling to see him like this.
A touch disappointed that Mycroft apparently wasn’t as excited as he was about this new mysterious player, Sherlock still relented and answered the question.
“But isn’t that partly true though? You were lonely and you wanted me to show you affection, I could tell already on that first meeting between us in the garden, when Mycroft made the introductions. Your eyes kept wandering over my frame when you thought I wouldn’t notice.”
Sherlock soaking in the bath when John returned home, Lestrade coming in with a case an hour later, nothing more.
“I’ve missed you. I’ve missed
“Is it a gift from a family member?” he then said.
Mycroft gave him one of those penetrating stares and did not reply, causing John to fear that Holmes senior perhaps could see what his intentions with Sherlock were and it made John grab a firmer hold of his medical bag that he still carried with him, more out of pretence than anything else, as if the mere presence of it would convince anyone that his intentions were purely professional.
In a haughty shrug Sherlock gestured that it was of no consequence to him if his brother wanted to stuff himself out of his wardrobe and then, with an eye roll, he marched off before Mycroft had the opportunity to stop him. Not that Mycroft was particularly eager to subject himself to any further jibes regarding his weight by running after him. Considering how tightly strung Sherlock seemed to be at the moment it wasn’t too surprising that he turned to childish sniping. It was perhaps preferable that he went off to calm down elsewhere or pester someone else.
He longed to sleep again, longed to revisit that other version that only came to him in his dreams, where everything turned out alright in the end and Sherlock was merely sleeping.
And he certainly had no desire to be the one to inform Victor Trevor of the toxic news that Sherlock Holmes was a bloody junkie. He was done accommodating to this twisted group of people and their shady business with each other.
“You don’t need to come and collect me from now on,” he said as soon as the window was sufficiently rolled down. “I won’t be returning to your boss’s house, not today nor any other day. You can tell, Mr Holmes what I’ve said and that I’m resigning from my duties.”
He isn’t sure what she knows by now, it’s possible that she is still kept in the dark, he didn’t take the time to explain things to her when he left and Mycroft would hardly waste the energy to do so. In his eyes, their land lady is nothing but a snooping nuisance of a scandalmonger that blocks his entrance by the door every time he comes to visit, irony of course preventing him from seeing himself as exactly that with his own check-ups of his brother’s activities.
And at the sight splayed out in front of him on the silky white sheets, the last vestiges of his resolve flew out the window along with any lingering doubt he had about the appropriateness of these actions and as he reached down to allow his hands to wander the gorgeous naked body trapped between his thighs he could think of nothing else but to have this man right here and fuck them both into oblivion.
Sherlock, with his eyes still locked to John's, gave his friend a mischievous wink and John’s smile grew fonder even if he remained where he was, a few steps behind.
Just look at where the folly of caring had ended the both of them.
“What? Spit it out!” John hissed and the fact that he dared to address his boss in such a manner spoke of how worried he truly was. When anxious, his adrenaline level always rose, and his tone of speech turned agitated. If Mycroft felt offended by John’s military way of barking orders, he didn’t allow it to show though. Instead he continued to look uncharacteristically miserable.
John gaped at him in surprise.
Those few who had actually met Sherlock could confirm the reputation of him being exceptionally good-looking but so razor-sharp in tone and manner that he became a difficult piece to swallow. Where Mycroft had learned the art of interacting with a cold smile and a smooth tone of voice, Sherlock cut straight to the core with other people, never caring for neither timing nor good manners.
“That’s by choice. It helps me to see if anyone has been snooping in here without my permission. A break in the dust line means that someone has been touching and moving my things. As I am the only one allowed to do that, the dust is like a cheap but effective security precaution.”
The assignment consisted of getting close to someone that had operated in the periphery for many years and until recently had been nothing but an unpleasant presence Mycroft and his colleagues had grown accustomed to accepting but who didn’t pose a true threat to anyone.
As the cab was pulling up at the desired destination, he watched through the window as they came to a stop, letting his eyes take in the old prominent building that normally housed Magnussen whenever he was in town. Then he steeled himself and payed the driver before he brazenly stepped up front to ring the doorbell.
As his brain caught up with what his eyes were looking at, his lips slowly began to curl into a somewhat manic grin and his fingers trembled as he quickly reached for his phone.
“Has someone phoned for an ambulance? What are his vitals? Is he breathing?”
“How droll…” Mycroft rolled his eyes and put his glass down. “He was very agitated and adamant that he would never return to this house ever again, that I was somehow to blame for your impending marriage to Victor and that the wedding should immediately be cancelled or it would lead to your untimely death. It was all rather morbid to listen to, like some fortune-teller crowing about all the evil that was going to befall us. That man has some serious anger-management issues if you ask me.”
Most of all he had appreciated the company they offered him as he had felt very lonely after his return, and even if the work could be exhausting and occasionally caused him to crash face first into his bed from exhaustion, he had managed to regain a sense of self-worth that for  a man like him meant everything.
Mycroft clams his mouth shut for a second as he comes to a halt in front of the fireplace. He is staring at his own reflection in the mirror placed above it.
Then he turned to look around the room for something to use to break that bloody door with.
“I have no recollection of tonight being agreed upon,” he said with a hint of annoyance in his voice.
He is exhausted, starving, grieving as well as angry and it’s just one overwhelming feeling too many. He wishes he had a photo of Sherlock, or a snippet of film, something, just to get the opportunity to see him like John remembers him, to hear his voice at least.
“Mr Magnussen, this is Dr John Watson, Dr Watson, meet Mr Charles Magnussen. Dr Watson is Sherlock’s flatmate and Mr Magnussen is....an acquaintance of mine." Both John as well as Magnussen gave him a dubious look at this description but Mycroft ignored it and continued unfaced. "As we are now all properly introduced, I suggest we make it to your helicopter, Mr Magnussen. Have you alerted your staff that we are coming?”
“Are you saying that you have a bloody camera installed in
He could only make out parts of the conversation, phrases spoken by the fiancé while Sherlock’s words were inaudible from where John was standing.
“I....well......”
John felt a sting of guilt even if Sherlock didn’t look upset.
Victor seemed completely oblivious to the growing tension emanating from the man in front of him and continued talking in that airy way that made it seem like he was discussing something completely inconsequential and far beyond John’s grasp of knowledge.
When Magnussen finally decided to speak, it was with a voice opting for smoothness but still letting a noticeable hint of irritation surface as well.
Mycroft stepped further into the room but stopped a few feet away from Magnussen who remained seated.
John climbed into the backseat and felt the humming sensation of expectancy as he was driven the short ride over to the large house he had visited yesterday. But this time he was not brought inside and Mycroft was not there to greet him.
“Forgive me. It wasn’t my intention, I just wanted to explain that you were particularly susceptible to what I had to offer. But what I’m really trying to say is that I had a plan ready before I even met you properly, from the moment Mycroft told me that you were going to become my new doctor. Just like I have had a plan for at least ten of my most recent doctors.....”
“You know very well I didn’t.” Sherlock sounded toneless when he spoke, one couldn’t tell if he was tired of the usual nagging or simply answering a question they both already knew the answer to.
How tiresome....
This was exactly how he felt right now.
And he kept doing it until the whole painting was lying in ruins in front of him, broken and distorted, the frame hanging in pieces and the motif no longer portraying what it initially had so brazenly showcased to every viewer.
“Mycroft is the most powerful man you will ever encounter and yet officially he runs an obscure science lab for the Government outside of London, so you do the math. It’s not meant for normal people to be able to figure out what he does for a living.”
As I was the one who put us in this situation to begin with, it might serve me right that I remain chained to Victor for the rest of my life. Better than going to prison, I think. Infinitely better than Mycroft going to prison, he wouldn’t survive a day.
“Forgive me for not quite getting your point, Mycroft, but is Sherlock in danger or are you just having a very ill-timed crisis because you can’t figure out the whereabouts of your little brother?”
There are many segments when absolutely nothing happens, it’s just an empty room, the only thing that changes are the positions of items that are moved about by the inhabitants of the flat as well as by Mrs Hudson.
No, that had yet to occur.
“If you need to ask, then you have forfeited the right to know.”
Because Victor’s biggest weakness was his inability to trust those he perceived as a threat to his relationship with Sherlock and he had focused mainly on John in his pursuit. But in reality, there was someone else who might be more deserving of that attention, someone who Victor normally seemed to trust, but who repeatedly had broken that trust for a long period of time.
fault that I was stung by a wasp!”
“He was violently jealous and possessive, already back then.”
“Well he’s hardly trying to pimp his brother out to underlings like you, is he? He probably just brought him along for the company, as the rest of us hardly live up to The Ice Man's standards. He almost never bothers to come to these gatherings anyway. Why do you think he made an exception tonight?”
He wasn’t completely sure but he had the feeling that he might be slipping in and out of consciousness a well now, only to be jolted back to reality by the pain that felt like fire licking him from the inside. But to scream was proving too much of a strain so even if his body instinctively had wished to do so, it was like Dr Roylott had pointed out earlier, he was no longer able to make any sounds.
Correctly the room is empty and looks more or less like it always does.
It was just the realisation that this might possibly be the last time he saw Sherlock alive that made it so bloody difficult.
There were servants passing by with trays of champagne and he acquired himself a glass while he entered a room where yet another disturbing painting took focus, this one depicting a young naked man chained to a bed with a shadowy-looking faceless figure dressed in dark robes looming over him, his hand reaching out in an ominous way towards the exposed throat.
It had been absolutely hateful, and it was part of the reason why he never desired to return willingly.
There was silence on the other end, Dr Roylott clearly perplexed by this piece of information.
not as easily replaced, even if I’m sure he wishes he could do it sometimes, and as I would never accept anyone else as my doctor, he had to come in person to ask you to return. Don’t ask me what that favour cost me though, it puts me in a foul mood just thinking about it.  Especially as he failed, despite waiving the offer of a bigger salary in front of you. He clearly doesn’t know you at all. Offering money to do his dirty deed was never your biggest motivation after all, was it?”
“You came back!”
The heart beat was muffled.
"I love you too Tiny Dancer." John pulled his hips back, gently slipping out a few inches and pressing back in.
"Of course not John. I have had no reason to-"
When the song ended and Sherlock had made his way off-stage, the rest of his troupe gathering around him and chattering excitedly. They all insisted that he had won the competition for the team, and as happy as he was with the dance, he found himself faking smiles.
He pushed the book aside and shuffled closer to Sherlock, never more certain of anything in his life as he watched the Siren’s eyes grow wider with every move he made.
“He- he tried to- h-his wrists-”
"Watson doesn't love you, Tinkerbell. At least he won't when he hears what you did." Panic flooded Sherlock's mind at the cruel smile of Anderson's face. "Imagine how hurt your precious captain is going to be when he hears how easily you hit your knees for me. The school whore, just begging to be fucked-"
“That’s a lie.”
He slid a hand between them after several minutes, gripping Sherlock's leaking erection and stroking him in time with his hips.
"Ms. Watson?" Sherlock glanced up, pushing himself out of the chair as the doctor approached.
"Not really. Though it's a little unnerving to think that she just had-" John silenced him by gripping the back of his neck tightly and pulling him down for a deep kiss. Sherlock whimpered into the kiss, his hands coming to rest on John's hips and pulling him closer.
“2014.”
Then John’s timeline started to fray. It was subtle at first, but Sherlock noticed immediately. John’s body was dying, Fate was taking him and Sherlock couldn’t stop her.
“I told him you would meet him in the ballroom at eight.”
"Don't coddle me John. I know what's supposed to happen and I'm prepared for it." He grabbed John's jacket and tugged him closer, biting his earlobe and lowering his voice. "Now, if you don't hurry up and get fucking me, I'm going to leave." John laughed, reaching up and tugging Sherlock's hair roughly, forcing his head back and biting down on the exposed skin. Sherlock cried out as his hair was pulled.
“What the hell man? You- you’re dead?” John watched as his friend tugged at his hair, stepping closer to Sherlock as his face fell. “W-When did it happen? Does Mycroft know?”
“Alright, you’ve been here for over a month now, do you really not know my name yet?”
He noticed streams of energy, pulsing and shifting with the Song, swirling around himself and Sherlock. He clawed uselessly at the deck, trying to ground himself, to make himself more consciously aware of what was happening, but found his efforts pointless. He felt a steady, heavy pressure on his chest and caught Sherlock’s eyes, any panic in his body instantly dissipating when he saw the love and arousal in the Siren’s face.
“Wow, your friend is intelligent, how ever do you keep up with such a brilliant mind?” The man dead-panned, causing John to let loose a belt of laughter.
It had been nearly two weeks since Nan had mentioned John's plans for after school, and so far, he had managed to avoid the topic. Things were going so well with Sherlock, and something told him that informing his boyfriend that he was planning on running off to join the army once he was graduated would destroy that.
"You do know this doesn't just affect you, right?" Sherlock blinked down at John, shock flooding his veins. He had seen how aroused John was earlier, but thought that had just been a reaction to his own arousal. "Hearing you say that, Christ, it was so hot." Sherlock blushed, shifting his legs so his feet rested on either side of John's knees. "Though, the thought of you acting like a baby-"
"Have you ever explored this kink before Sherlock?"
He pushed it into John's hands,
"Fuck me Daddy, please-" Sherlock's words dissolved into a loud keening sound as John pushed in fully, burying himself within Sherlock's body. He only had a second to adjust to the sensation before John was pulling out again, driving himself into Sherlock's body with quick, firm thrusts that stimulated his prostate easily.
Sherlock Holmes was the definition of perfect, and John was a short, scarred ex-soldier with PTSD and a messed-up shoulder.
“Sherlock, just walk away Babe.”
“How did you kill them?” Sherlock’s voice sounded clear, if not thoroughly confused.
A pair of lips, the ones he loved so much, crashed against his own, pulling a startled sound from his chest.
"So uh, I had Mum dig out the air mattress, just in case." John's voice was slightly shaky, and Sherlock heard the change in his heartbeat. He glanced up at his boyfriend and noticed the blush on his cheeks. "I-I'm not saying that if we don't- y-you know, that you have to sleep on the air mattress. I-I just didn't know if you wanted to share a bed or if you'd rather sleep alone." John looked down at him and offered him a nervous smile. "No pressure."
“Oh no buddy, you are the one dating Casper the Friendly Ghost, you don’t get to tell me what I can and can’t ask.” John scowled at his friend and finished off the last of his beer, checking his watch and grabbing his phone. “I want to meet your new lover.”
“No! Not until you listen to me!” John shook his head, trying to push his way out of Sherlock’s grip, but finding himself pinned. “John, please!”
“Of course, I didn’t, don’t be absurd Brother Mine. I have however, seen some of the infamous Captain Watson’s videos. You are quite the presence onscreen Captain.” The other man stepped closer to John, causing the shorter man to back away. He backed into Sherlock, who pulled him close and all but growled at his brother.
“What the fuck?” Sherlock blurted, trying to push himself away from the object.
"William, this boy is obviously important to you, and I want to make sure he is going to take care of my son."
“You actually dated Moriarty?” John had seen Moriarty’s videos before, he had even been slotted with him once, but bailed on the filming. Moriarty was known for doing hardcore videos, the kind that you didn’t walk away from filming with out some heavy-duty bruises at the very least.
“N-No. I-I’m dead. I died twenty years ago.” Sherlock started to flicker, unable to control his form under the weight of the news.
"Hmm, Sherlock, I like that." John scanned the detective's body, stepping even closer. Something changed in the boy's eyes, an uncertainty filling them as he smiled up at Sherlock. "I uh- I'm not good at this, the whole- you know- properly asking someone out. I'm used to just offering what I have and taking what I got." John's cheeks darkened and he avoided Sherlock's eyes, his stature going from confident to shameful.
"Goodnight Tiny Dancer. I'll see you tomorrow."
“Please, John wouldn’t- I-I trust him.” She smiled softly at Sherlock, seeming to see just how much he was hurting. She stepped closer and placed a soft hand on Sherlock’s cheek.
“For leaving me like that.” John felt his heart go out to his friend and he took the other man’s face in his hands, smiling softly at the tear-filled eyes. “I-I didn’t want to think that you were-”
“Let him go.” Mary turned to Sherlock, her pale eyes filled with a somber amusement that sent a spark of fear along Sherlock’s spine.
“No one controls Fate Sherlock!” Sherlock sobbed and crumbled against the firm chest of his older brother. He was pulled from his grief by the sound of a strangled breath being drawn in behind him.
“Stop with the attitude or I will leave you out here to freeze.” Mrs. Hudson finally seemed to notice John, waving the boys in and leading them up the stairs. “Good to finally meet you Captain.” John flushed darkly as he realized that the lady knew who he was.
He was less than a hundred feet from the gate when Redbeard lost his footing, slipping on a patch of ice and sending Sherlock flying. His head struck a rock and he fell to the ground, stunned. He felt his wrist crack further as he connected with the frozen dirt.
"What uh- what's she being subtle about?" His voice shook slightly, and he prayed Sherlock wouldn't notice. He knew the answer, but he prayed Sherlock didn't.
“I’m not, but I am the only person in this house that seems to know anything about hospitality.” She snapped before leaving, Sherlock latched the door behind her, before spinning to face John.
“No! No, it’s fine. That was cool. No one ever guesses that I was really in the army. They just assume the scar is fake.”
"What happened? The guys said you were pissed about something-"
Sherlock threw the tray of food after the orderly, shouting obscenities after the young man. He didn’t want to be here. He was supposed to be dead.
John answered the door in his pajama trousers, a towel around his neck and water still dripping down his hair. Sherlock swallowed thickly, forcing his eyes to stay trained on John's grinning face and trying his hardest to smile back.
"Got to love siblings, eh?" John chuckled, trying to hide his blush as he continued tending to Sherlock's feet.
Time passed, and with it, the castle continued to crumble around them. Lestrade’s joints stiffened, and Mycroft lost control over his internal mechanisms more frequently. Mrs. Hudson kept forgetting things and Rosie talked less and less.
I do – SH
After a long while, John managed to haul himself and the unconscious Siren back onto his Star Sailor. He made a bed for Sherlock out of a pile of ropes and blankets, his long frame taking up most of the deck.
Sherlock met John at Rugby practice, setting aside the overwhelming fear of being rejected to pull his boyfriend in for a tight hug.
There was a few moments of tense silence before John let out a loud snort of laughter, clutching at his sides and whimpering as his stomach started aching. Sherlock hid his face in the sheet, blushing and well on his way to a full-blown pout.
"But, dinner? With Mycroft?"
“You thought that about Myc too at first, remember?”
“What do they normally say?”
"You cut your hair off." Sherlock blushed, reaching up and brushing a stray curl out of his eyes, nodding timidly. John smiled, a strange fondness blooming in his chest. "It looks good." That made Sherlock blush deeper, the other boy blinking rapidly and avoiding John's gaze. "So, how're you doing? They didn't hurt you too badly, did they?" Sherlock shook his head, still avoiding John's gaze. "Hey, look at me Eur- Sherlock." Pale eyes met his own and he felt an unfamiliar tightness in his chest. "Please be honest with me, are you okay?" Something passed through Sherlock's eyes that made John's heart break a little.
Sherlock’s chest seemed to cave in on itself, nearly tearing his heart in two. Mycroft was right, he saw it back on E3. When John was talking with Mike, he looked sad, but there was a hollowness to his eyes that Sherlock had wished away, not acknowledging it.
“You can recognize the symptoms of a torture victim when you’re one yourself.” John’s voice was unsteady and he stared at his trembling hands, fighting the wave of memories that threatened to assault him. “I was out on patrol when I got grabbed by a pair of rebels. They tossed me in a P.O.W. camp and let their men play.”
"Sherlock." John grinned, stepping closer and biting his bottom lip.
"Listen kid, we just want to help, but if you won't cooperate-" John laughed, a strange, empty sound that didn't match the gleeful grin on his face.
"Harriet is here John."
"Yes Mummy, we'll be right down." Realization flashed through John, followed closely by a burning mortification.
“No. He will string me up and take me apart, piece by piece, until all that is left is my song.” John set his scanner and kit down and moved to sit next to Sherlock, fighting his instincts to heal the wounds. “That’s why he wanted me; for my song. I have spent many years honing my song, learning how to manipulate energies to change things. The song of a Siren can be used for far more than just manipulating the impulses of creatures, though most people aren’t aware of that fact. Moriarty knew, and he found out that I had been experimenting.”
“You get a cab. I’m going to walk.”
"Christ I love you."
"Remind me again why I let you convince me to come tonight?" Mycroft groused, fighting with his tie again. Sherlock rolled his eyes and grabbed at the offending piece of clothing, swatting his brother's hands away and tugging the tie off. "Sherlock-"
The shrieking cry of a horse in peril pulled the wolf’s attention away from his body. A new growl rumbled through the air, deeper than the wolves and twice as loud.
“John! I’m here!” He pulled open the door to the flat, trying to find his way out.
“According to this, if we can identify what the scanner has identified as an infection, we can use sonic technology to forcefully pull it from the tissues and heal the wounds.” John grinned at the Siren, tossing his tablet aside and turning to face the creature. “We can repair the damage Sherlock, I can free you from the link.” The Siren looked uncertain, chewing on his bottom lip and running a hand over his tail.
John felt the confused stares of the guards as he introduced Sherlock as his companion. He knew they were wondering why would a man as gorgeous as Sherlock be with someone as plain as John.
“N-No.” He finally managed to whisper, the sound coming out broken and raw. “N-No, Sherlock. Stop.” He pushed at the taller man, trying to get him off, to get him away. Sherlock refused to budge, taking John’s face in his hands and pressing soft kisses to his cheeks, nose and lips. “Don’t- please don’t.” He begged. He had promised that he wouldn’t do this, wouldn’t guilt Sherlock into loving him. John pushed at Sherlock’s chest, still begging him to stop.
“Whatever do you mean?” Sherlock’s tone was dripping with feigned innocence as he appeared beside John, a mischievous glint in his eyes. “I’m not doing anything My Love, it would appear that the front door has stopped working again. You will just have to stay with me.”
It had been years since Sherlock had seen someone laugh that hard at something he said, and he couldn't think of a more beautiful sight.
“John! What’s going on?” Mycroft’s concerned voice came from behind him.
"No, Sherlock. You can't. We only have a few weeks before-" John hesitated, fussing with the collar of Sherlock's dress shirt, blinking rapidly at the unspoken words. "I can't have you spending the last three weeks of school in detention, Love." John leaned up, pressing a soft kiss to Sherlock's lips. "Understand, Tiny Dancer? I want to spend every minute humanly possible with you, and I can't do that if you're suspended." Sherlock wanted to argue, to make John understand that he couldn't just stand aside while someone was saying such horribly wrong things about him, but instead he just sighed, resting his forehead against his boyfriend's and nodding.
“I’m not going anywhere John.” The Prince grinned and leaned up, pressing another kiss to his new husband’s lips as the music continued to play.
“Sherlock! How is the only academic man in town.” Mike Stamford, the Librarian called from the back corner of the room.
His heart nearly stopped when he saw his friend.
Sherlock woke to find himself tied to one of his kitchen chairs. His chest was aching and he could feel the dried blood pulling at his skin as he fought the bindings. Moriarty had knocked him unconscious before leaving, planning on going after John.
"I love you, Sherlock, and I'm not letting you walk away from me-"
"They don't now. I made it very clear that anyone who says anything remotely close to that again will wind up just like him." Sherlock opened his mouth to protest, but was distracted by John's lips pressing against his own. "You're mine, Sherlock Holmes, and I don't like sharing my things, not even in people's minds."
Who the hell was this guy?
"He wants to know when Mycroft is getting back." Sherlock frowned, propping himself up on an elbow and looking lost.
“Really? A séance? What is this, a cheesy horror flick?”
"How about, we don't worry about it right now? There's no need to rush anything. It will happen when we are both good and ready. Okay?" He felt Sherlock nod against his shoulder and turned his head, pressing a gentle kiss to the boy's temple. "Alright then Tiny Dancer, let's get going, yeah? We both have practice to get to."
"You looked bored, and I didn't want to disappoint you." John blushed, staring at the grass between his feet and kicking at the ground anxiously.
Sherlock stood, his body trembling and eyes filling with tears. He reached for his coat, already sensing that John was going to want him to leave. Victor had found his hair pulling kink disgusting.
His heart stopped and shattered when he turned.
"What?"
“Why him? What is so different about him and me, Sherlock? We are practically the same-”
“Alright.” There was annoyance in Lestrade’s voice that made Sherlock chuckle. He liked bugging Gavin. “Have you talked to John recently?” The question shocked Sherlock out of his thoughts and he had to struggle to contain the flush that threatened to take over his cheeks.
Sherlock was speaking, mumbling words that John couldn’t hear through the pounding of his head.
I want to see my Tiny Dancer – JW
"Alright, everyone out! We'll come back and collect the files later tonight-"
“I’m serious John. If you have no intention of letting me save you, then leave now.” John closed the distance between them and started kissing Sherlock again. The Siren could feel the weight of the emotion John was pouring into the kiss and felt tears slip from his eyes as he dropped his hands to John’s waist and kissed back.
"No, nothing's wrong. I just can't get over how gorgeous you are." John stated truthfully, his heart racing as Sherlock's cheeks darkened further. "Can I- can I kiss you?" He whispered, smiling softly as Sherlock seemed to tense against him. "You can say no, that's fine-" His words were cut short by a timid press of lips against his own. It only lasted a moment, but it was sweet and perfect.
John, ever the observant one when it came to what aroused Sherlock, chuckled as he stroked Sherlock faster.
"John! Seriously stop, I'm going to urinate on you." John laughed harder, but stilled his actions, simply holding the detective. The doctor pulled back slightly and kissed Sherlock deeply, still laughing against his lips.
“Let’s just say, there’s something there that wasn’t there before.” He winked and continued down the hall.
"Well sir, not exactly." John spun to face his First Mate, Mikey. The short, heavyset man flinched at the action, fiddling with his hat and staring worriedly at the color.
By the time John arrived at the studio, the halls were filled with students and teachers, all crowded around to see what happened.
“Oh, look at that. The Ice King’s little Captain has come to save him.” The taller of the two snarked, sending John’s soldier instinct into overdrive. He straightened, reaching into his bag and instantly finding the pistol he kept hidden there. “Come on Captain Watson, make him squeal like you did in the video.” John clenched his jaw and readied himself for a fight.
“Damn. I’ll just have to try harder next time.” Sherlock helped his double to his feet, supporting the weak man.
Once everything seemed to calm down, an awkward silence settled over the table, everyone focusing on their breakfast. John glanced up, catching Sherlock's eyes and winking, making his boyfriend smile shyly.
"I can't tell you how many times I've had to patch up Harry's feet since she started dancing." John pulled the slippers off Sherlock's feet gently, taking care to not do more damage.
"Uh- a-a few ideas so far."
“No. John, no. Don’t- please don’t-” Sherlock struggled to speak, his mouth not able to form the words his mind was supplying.
“Well, I guess we have a few hours to kill. Why don’t you turn back to human and I’ll show you around a bit?” Sherlock shrugged, once again starting his song and shifting back into human form.
This time, they turned and ran.
"Really? Tiny Dancer?"
He paused once he was fully seated, pressing soft kisses to Sherlock's lips and face as he let the boy adjust. He pulled back slightly when he heard Sherlock sniffle, concern flooding him when he saw the tears in his boyfriend's eyes.
“Then you cursed him.”
"-for a Parlay. You are required by law to take me to your Captain, with no harm done to my person." The crew laughed, causing the man to blush and fight harder.
“Hey, hey, it’s alright. You’re fine. You’re fine. Stay still, I had to drain your lungs of fluid and you have been fighting off infection for a few days. Your chest is going to hurt like a bitch for a while.” John spoke in soothing tones, keeping a gentle pressure on the boy’s shoulder to stop him from escaping.
“My name is Greg.”
The boat righted and sailed easily on, and Sherlock felt the overwhelming urge to follow.
“J-John I-”
“You trust this John?”
John worked him open slowly, taking care to stop when he noticed Sherlock's body tensing in pain or discomfort.
John’s heart felt light as he allowed himself to maybe believe the pale man.
“Oh? You’re busy tonight?”
“I-I don’t know. I’m not used to people not getting freaked out by me. It’s weird.” He sighed and hid his face in his hands. “There’s something there Greg, and I don’t know what the hell to do about it.”
Sherlock ran up the stairs to one of the main towers, fighting against the pain in his chest. The wounds had re-opened and he was losing more blood, but he couldn’t stop. Moriarty had John and he had to save him. He stopped at a window, trying to see if he could find John.
"Hey Gorgeous. You were amazing out there, just like I said you would be." The team cheered in agreement, earning a chuckle from John. Sherlock hid his face further in John's jumper, embarrassment and confusion coloring his cheeks.
"What? I can't help it. Not after-" Both boys froze at the sound of someone crumpling to the floor, accompanied by a sickening crunch. John released Sherlock when a scream split the air. "Harry!"
'S-Sherlock, w-what the fuck-"
“John?” Sherlock stepped closer to the young man, trying to fight the hope that was welling in his chest. There was no way John should be able to see him, the bond was broken. The closer he got to John, the darker the dread in his chest became. John couldn’t see him. He was staring through Sherlock and out the door. He straightened his shoulders and took a shuddering breath. John Watson was safe, that was all that mattered.
"I'm a pirate captain that controls a fleet of ships nearly 20 wide. I would be concerned if you didn't know my name." The young man smirked, a glint of mischief in his eyes. John felt a flare of danger in his gut. This strange young man had piqued his interest to say the least. "You have me at a disadvantage though, I've yet to learn your name." The young man licked his lips and chuckled.
"But, you don't- oh! Right! I'm coming." Greg snorted at the exasperated expression on John's face.
"Hi." Sherlock sounded almost embarrassed, and John grinned.
“N-no. No. I-I just noticed that you s-seemed a little, I don’t know, flustered when you left earlier.” John couldn’t contain his smirk as the normally steady young man stumbled over his words.
“John! Thank heavens! You were a doctor in the army, correct?” John felt his throat close in fear at those words. Sherlock sounded strained and breathless.
Sherlock stopped resisting and gave into the kiss, sighing as John moved from his lips to his neck. John fought back a triumphant grin as he felt the dancer timidly move his hands along his sides. These kinds of touches had been okay between them for over a month now, but Sherlock still got shy, he still hesitated when it came to touching John.
“May have believed it, at the time, may have even wanted too.” Mycroft removed his hand from it’s place above John’s heart and straightened, his eyes filled with pity he kept aimed at his younger brother. “He isn’t immune to your Song Sherlock, he just has no life force for you to manipulate.”
"Bedroom, now." John whispered breathlessly, pulling Sherlock to his feet, leading him down the hall.
He gripped John’s shirt and pulled him close, pressing his lips against The Prince’s.
“I’m right here Love, we’re both here and both alive.” He whispered between kisses, feeling Sherlock’s body stop shaking and the Siren’s touch become more sure and steady. He pulled back and rested his head against Sherlock’s. “I love you.” He whispered, unable to contain a grin at the words as they left his lips.
Sherlock whimpered and tried to squirm away, pushing at John's shoulders gently.
“Who the fuck is this guy?” John did not sound impressed. Moriarty glanced vaguely at the soldier before smirking back at Sherlock.
“Yeah, I don’t know what to do. I want to help him, but I don’t know what’s wrong.”
“How does the seal lead him to you? It’s just a burn, right?”
Fine – M
“How did you do that?” John couldn’t hide the awe in his voice.
“Please, come in. Make yourself at home.” Sherlock grumbled as the two men settled into his armchairs.
There was no surge of power. No crackle of electricity between them. There was just the soft, slow slide of lips and the warm, firm press of Sherlock’s body against his. This was right, but something was nagging at the back of his mind. He broke the kiss and looked at Sherlock, instantly remembering what was wrong.
John took care to angle his hips to ensure his brushed Sherlock's prostate with every pass, drawing the most delightful sounds out of the younger man. After a while, he let Sherlock's leg fall from his shoulder, slipping an arm under Sherlock's lower back and lifting him onto his lap, thrusting up into him with firm strokes.
Sherlock had clearly gotten his facial features from his father, high cheekbones and a strong jaw. His eyes were darker than Sherlock’s but held the same mischievous glint that John so often saw in the young man’s.
"John Watson was found last night." Lestrade's voice sounded rough, as though he had been up for several days with little more than coffee and cigarettes to keep him going. Sherlock swung his legs off the sofa, his chest tightening with fear and relief.
"Yeah? Well your feet say otherwise." Sherlock huffed, but stopped squirming, letting John carry him off the dance floor. "How about I get your feet sorted, then I'll dance Harry's part for you? Sound good?" Sherlock giggled reluctantly, shaking his head and burying his face in John's neck. "What? I can dance!" John put on his best affronted voice, making Sherlock giggle a little harder.
"I-I'm sorry." Sherlock mumbled, his voice soft and shaky. John looked up to find the boy glaring miserably at something in the distance.
“John?”
"Be nice to Harriet, John."
Sherlock left the store, already starting to read his new book.
I just finished at Myc's - GL
“But-”
“For the most part. It had a massive red spider branded onto it’s middle. I’ve only ever seen that mark on Spider’s ships.”
“Brother Mine. You finally remember me.” Sherlock nodded against the neck of his sibling. “I have missed you little brother.” Sherlock heard a shuffling behind him and removed himself from his brother’s arms, turning to face John.
“Sherlock, please, listen to me. Don’t do this-”
“What are you searching for?”
"Just keep working Love." He whispered, using his other hand to unbutton his husband's shirt as slow as he could.
“S-Stop-”
“Right, George, sorry.”
“I see. It is well suited.” John felt a flash of jealousy, followed by a flare of confusion. Why was he jealous of Sherlock talking to Molly? He only just met this man. John finished up with Molly’s hand and started packing up the First Aid kit.
"Eventually I want to be a doctor, but I'll see where I end up in a few years." John shrugged, smiling sadly at Sherlock before placing his fork down beside his plate. "I uh- I actually have to go. I-I have practice."
"Don't you fucking dare!" John's face was dark as he chased the cackling boy out of the studio, leaving Sherlock still curled in on himself against the wall.
A knock at the door startled him out of his thoughts, and he straightened himself out, pulling open the door.
"It's uh- it's fine." John mumbled, rubbing the back of his neck nervously and smirking when Sherlock pulled away.
"It's fine, I shouldn't have-"
Soon enough, both creatures had calmed enough for John to pull himself off Sherlock’s lap and clean them both up. He watched with a curious awe as Sherlock re-arranged himself under his scales, his now-soft length disappearing in his tail.
There is a chance I will expand this into a longer fic... If you wanna see more, let me know :)
"Sherlock, I-I'm so sorry-"
Sadness lanced through Sherlock's heart as John glanced up at him, licking his lips in that way that made his heart race and his head spin.
"I love you too."
“He said it was because he rejected you.”
"Daddy- Daddy please-" Sherlock keened as John palmed his erection through his trousers, his back arching and head dropping back against his chair.
“Ah! So he does speak!” Mike laughed, causing Sherlock’s cheeks to warm. He would never get used to how easily the human body reacted to things. “You know, less outright gorgeous.” Sherlock’s cheeks burned brighter and he glared at the half-empty plate before him, unsure as to what to say.
“You and he were lovers.” John sighed and hung his head. He really didn’t want to talk about this.
“Don’t. Unless you mean it. I don’t want you to feel obligated to love me. You owe me nothing Sherlock, understand? I don’t want to take anything from you that isn’t offered wholeheartedly.” Sherlock kissed him again, gently licking into John’s mouth and sucking on his bottom lip. John whimpered softly and ran his fingers along Sherlock’s spine, pulling a shiver from his pale friend.
"I can protect you-" Sherlock gripped the boy's elbow trying desperately to pull him back into the shadows, away from prying eyes. Pain echoed through his head as a fist connected with his jaw, sending him reeling back.
He knew this position. He had spent many days in this exact position.
“Not now John.” John had seen most of Sherlock’s moods, but this one was different, scary almost. It reminded him of some of the younger man’s darker videos.
“You tricked the Entities.”
“I melted the Ice King.” Sherlock pulled back and caught John’s eyes, his own filled with love and promises.
His hands tangled in Sherlock’s curls and he pulled the Siren’s face to meet his own in a tender kiss.
“I know Mike.” Sherlock lowered himself so he was sitting on the deck, motioning to John to take the earplugs out of his friend’s ears.
"Hmm smart ass."
“Not what I mean you Berk. I mean, now that we have both quit?” Sherlock huffed, pressing soft kisses to his scar.
“R-Rosie. I’m Sherlock.”
John couldn’t hold back the keen that was ripped from his throat as Sherlock pressed in.
"So? She has headphones-"
“No, because that isn’t going to happen. I’m pretty sure Sherlock is asexual or something.”
"Overreacting? John, my dance partner has a broken leg! The competition is in three weeks! I have no one to practice with, and this competition counts for over half of our final score-" John gripped Sherlock's wrists, prying his fingers out of his hair and pressing soft kisses to his knuckles.
"Get fucked, Anderson." Sherlock snapped, shoving the other boy away. "John Watson loves me, something I'm sure you know nothing about-"
"J-John I-"
“Fate.”
Despite the warning bells still blaring in his mind, Sherlock nodded, grinning back at John as the boyish grin returned to John's face.
“I saved your life, I suppose you’re entitled to a few questions.”
“Full-functioning, as I said it would be.”
"Yes you do. Aren't you lucky?" John laughed, kissing Sherlock once more before the air was filled with the announcer's voice, telling all the dancers to report to the stage for Awards.
"Please? I'll make it up to you. Remember that thing you wanted to try?" Sherlock stiffened slightly before groaning, throwing his arm dramatically over his eyes. "Is that a yes?"
“I’m Time, John. I can see the timeline of absolutely everything in creation, and manipulate specific timelines to change or alter the course of something.”
"I think I just found a lead."
He threw himself onto the bed, feeling a violent sob welling in his chest as he clung to John's pillow. Gavin had been right, he shouldn't have done this. But it was too late to turn back now, so he crawled under the sheets and let himself slip into his pain-fueled tears.
“Then let me talk to Fate.”
Sherlock set his phone on the desk in front of him, leaning back in his chair and chewing the side of one of his fingers.
“I could say the same to you.”
John adjusted so he was lying on his side, facing his ghost. Sherlock’s eyes were wide and curious as he followed suit, lying so he was facing John. They weren’t touching, but John could feel the gentle spark of power flickering off the other man.
“His Royal Pain?”
"So, what would happen if I said, 'fuck you?'"
John blinked awake, taking a moment to remember where he was before carefully extracting himself from his boyfriend's arms. Sherlock was still sleeping, so John quietly snuck out of the room, hoping he could throw together a quick breakfast before the boy woke up.
“Fair enough. Why do you keep destroying the flat?”
“I love you too John.”
He brushed it off at first, his mind rationalizing the events by coming up with barely plausible theories. It was a breeze, or he moved too quickly. They didn’t fit, but they were better than the alternative.
“His heart- it- it stopped.” Gavin cursed, running his hands through his hair and pacing in the small space.
He blinked his eyes open, finding John propped on his elbow and grinning sleepily down at him.
“Whatever do you mean My Dear?”
“I don’t understand.” Greg sounded confused, as he always did. Too many knocks to the head during rugby.
"Sorry Gorgeous, not into that." John winked, detangling himself from Sherlock's limbs and helping the taller man to his feet. They both stretched their aching muscles, John groaning as his knees popped. "Getting to old to be doing that."
TRIGGER WARNING!! This chapter talks about suicide attempts!!
“I-I’m-” He stumbled over his words, too dizzy to form a complete sentence.
You have everything, right? – GL
“I wasn’t moping.”
“You’re a cop, tell me that doesn’t sound like a domestic abuse story.”
"She- she wanted you to-" his words were cut short by John's lips, pressing against his own softly. "I-I don't like her." He mumbled, blushing darker as John laughed.
He was back in less than a minute with Sherlock's bag.
“You know, I believe it isn’t a good thing when a human’s breathing pattern reaches that speed, I would suggest you try to slow your heartrate down before you pass out.” John shook his head, noticing that the new man was, in fact, correct about his breathing.
"Yep." Greg popped his lips and nervously grinned at Mycroft, rubbing the back of his neck. "You can uh- you can leave, if- if you want. Don't feel obligated to stay or anything."
The older man was watching him curiously, his eyes flicking between John and Sherlock rapidly, as though he could read the strain the words put on his son.
He stayed by Sherlock’s bedside, checking his lungs and pulse several times an hour. He found the bag Sherlock had with him when he found him and pulled out the leather-bound book he saw in there. It was a copy of The Hobbit. He smiled as he opened the pages. He decided to read to the young man, hoping it would stimulate brain function.
“You are letting him go?” Mycroft was practically screaming at John, pacing as well as he could in front of the Beast. “You can’t just let him go! He won’t make it out there! You saw what happened to him the last time!”
"Watson has been going on about your dancing for days, and how much he missed you and wished he could be here, so we made up a class trip and brought him here." Mikey said, clapping a hand on each of their shoulders, grinning up at Sherlock. "Seriously though Mate, that was amazing." Sherlock blushed and smiled, glancing around at his new friends. "We'll give you two a minute." Mikey ushered everyone out, winking at the pair before shutting the door and leaving John and Sherlock alone.
"Stay here Dearie, I'll be right back." Mrs. Hudson left, leaving Sherlock alone for a few minutes before returning with a small black bag.
It took Sherlock less than two minutes to escape the cuffs, the weird angle stalling him longer than usual. As soon as he was free, he sprung to his feet, grabbing his cell phone and dialing a number he hated having in his phone.
"H-how do y-you k-know?"
The normally simple and reserved doctor pulled off, winking at Sherlock and wiping saliva from the corners of his lips.
John and his mother made their way backstage once it was permitted, searching for Harry in the crowd of dancers.
“Hush now My Love. Go back to sleep.” He whispered, lowering the drunk man to the mattress and making to leave.
"Stop apologizing, I'm not that good at this either."
“Sherlock!” He heard the cry at the same instant he saw Moriarty fire the gun. Instantly after, he felt the dull, thudding impact of a bullet hitting his chest.
"What's wrong Sherlock? You were so excited-"
“You want me to command you?” He asked, gripping Sherlock’s curls in his hand and pulling him down to growl the words in the younger man’s ear. “You want me to tell you what you can and cannot do?” Sherlock whimpered and nodded, scrabbling for purchase against John’s chest. The shorter man chuckled darkly as he bit Sherlock’s earlobe gently, pulling a whine from the young man.
"J-John-" He gasped as he felt his boyfriend latch onto his throat, sucking and biting at the skin there. He heard someone saying John's name and glanced at the group of girls that were whispering and staring. "J-John- s-stop-"
"John?"
“Moriarty?”
The last time Sherlock had seen the boy, he was bleeding to death in an abandoned warehouse.
"Fuck you."
His knees struck the deck and one of the crew members grabbed him by his curls and forced his head back, placing a cutlass at his throat. John knelt in front of the man, allowing a dark edge to taint his smirk.
"I'm not stopping you from being happy."
John couldn’t breathe, those three words echoing through his skull louder than anything he had ever experienced. He couldn’t feel anything as his blood seemed to suddenly flow too thick. He was aware of his body being turned around, dragged back against the wall again. He looked up into the pale eyes of Sherlock Holmes and felt his heart break.
Sherlock looked beautiful in the snow, the tip of his nose bright red in the cold air as he returned John's smile. He was bundled in his ridiculously long coat and blue-grey scarf, and his dark hair stood out against the snow.
Sherlock was forced to spend the next three days trapped in his room, only allowed to leave the bed to use the bathroom. John never stayed for long when he would check in on him, only long enough to ask how he was feeling and if he needed anything.
He bit his lip, scanning his eyes over his lover's naked form.
"What's wrong?" Sherlock blushed, shrugging and fussing with the edge of his pillow. "John's mum is out of town, isn't she?" Sherlock felt his cheeks darken and he turned further away from his Godmother, not wanting to have this discussion with her. "Have you two-?" Sherlock pulled his knees to his chest and shook his head, embarrassment filling his body.
“Thank you, Greg.”
“There, good to go.” He grabbed his main bag and pulled out his Video Cell and dialed Mike Stamford. The call connected and Mike’s face appeared before them.
“Is he responding to any stimulus?” She asked, sounding more confident than Sherlock had imagined she could. He shook his head, pulling his hands away from John’s unconscious body to allow the timid girl to check him over.
“That explains how he is able to see me.” John nodded before reaching for his Cell, dialing a different number than Mike’s. A new face popped up on the screen, one Sherlock wished he hadn’t seen.
"S-Sorry, I-I- I don't- I'm not good at this." John smiled softly and leaned up, kissing the timid boy again, this one lasting a little longer, but still soft.
“Not at all. She was a bitch.” John laughed again and pulled Sherlock down for a kiss. The crowd cheered, causing a blush to rise along Sherlock’s neck.
“Yes. Come by my office in say, an hour? I will email you the address.”
“It’s so easy to love Sherlock Holmes, isn’t it John? He is beautiful, smart, untouchable. I have offered him everything, the best stuff anyone could ever imagine, and yet he still chose you. What do you have that I don’t? You could never satisfy him, not like I could.” John slid down a few more inches, fighting to stop himself from falling to his death. “This is boing, John. You bore me. So plain, what ever does he see in you?”
“You, can call me Sherlock.”
“No, thank you Mrs. Hudson, we will be quite alright.”
“I’ll be right there.” John handed Molly her phone back and jumped from the chair, grabbing his bag and throwing his shirt back on. “Tell the director’s that something happened and we’ll be back.” He shouted behind him as he ran.
“That’s why we need into E6’s Med Bay. So I can remove whatever is tainting the tissues and heal the burn. Can you get us in?”
“God, John no. I-I didn’t mean-”
"Stop it-" Pain flowered across his jaw as Anderson's fist connected with his face. Tears slipped from his eyes as he struggled to escape, making his attacker laugh harder. "S-Stop, please-"
"Because it's amazing, and gorgeous, and fucking hot." Sherlock chocked on his breath, covering his mouth with his hand and knocking his computer off his lap as he lapsed into a coughing fit. "Hey, you okay? Sherlock? What's wrong?"
“What do you think will happen when Time dies? How do you-” John cut Moriarty’s words short with a bullet to the brain.
“I hope you are ready, because I gave you plenty of time to follow my order,” he called out.
Not waiting for a reply, he opened the envelope and fanned out seven photographs on the table in front of him, for Mycroft to catch glimpses of but not seeing properly unless he actually reached forward.
The tingling sensation of blood returning to a numb limb was underscoring this belief although he knew for a fact that it wasn’t possible. He was still alone in here and whatever hallucinations his brain managed to concoct they weren’t real.
Mycroft seems to have pulled himself together from the initial shaky appearance. He is micromanaging everything now, despite his claims earlier that it will prove to be fruitless attempting to catch this man.
He put his shirt on while on the move, not bothering with buttoning it up, simply putting the jacket and then the coat on top to cover up before starting off in a sprint to gain further distance between himself and Magnussen’s flat.
He had read the book as a child and it surprised him that he still remembered it, usually childhood reminiscences were not something he indulged in or made the space for in his neatly ordered brain capacity.
rather than with other people. I wouldn’t want someone else to get all the fun with him before I’ve had the proper chance to get a taste of my own.”
There was nothing left to be gained from this disaster.
“No, you gave me
The only question was how fast it was going to kill him.
Even if Mycroft was well aware of his brother’s knowledge in the art of seduction to a certain extent, flaunting what other people desired to get what he wanted, Mycroft had always believed that there was a limit to how far his brother was actually willing to go, especially as he so ardently declared that the matter of love and sex was not really his area of interest.
It still grated him though that he had been caught with food in his mouth, taking advantage of the offerings of the buffet. It humanised him in a way that he had no wish to expose to others, friends nor enemies. It made him appear  too
Better show some determination with this man from the very beginning, not let him spot any insecurity.
Meanwhile Magnussen continued with his toast.
John supressed a sigh as he realised that Mycroft hadn’t told Victor anything about the drugs and naturally Victor was now suspicious of his beloved's unexpected unattainability.
As Sherlock was facing the wall, his legs eagerly spread, his pert bottom pushed out a little bit in an inviting gesture, he didn’t notice how John had flinched at his words.
overindulging instead and as his clothes are beginning to look a bit snug as of late I assume he’s going to stop with the meals soon enough, but please, try to keep the details in those reports to a minimal consequence for me. We are after all not particularly interested in my
With Sherlock it was perfectly possible for him to miss if another person was present or not, and despite having experienced it on numerous occasions, it did still sting thinking about it, especially as John had actually thought that things might be different since their relationship had evolved from being just friends and colleagues.
“No. He has never laid a hand on me. Not that he would ever be able to. I excel at martial arts, boxing, fencing and can definitely hold my own in a fight. But he was known to turn violent towards those he perceived were flirting with me. He once punched a man just for offering to light my cigarette. He always suspected that I was going to cheat on him behind his back, even if I never displayed any interest in anyone else as long as we were together. It was just a fixation he had, he was completely consumed by the idea and it only grew worse, the more independent I became. You also need to remember that I was a full-time addict by the time things turned sour between us, drugs were what I cared about, not much else.”
As expected, Sherlock ignored the knock. He knew who it was, and he had no interest in what the person on the other side of the door had to tell him.
Unless someone had helped him gain access of course, someone with the ability to do so and who also had the intel about Magnussen’s comings and goings for him to know when to visit the man’s office for a proper search when Magnussen wasn’t there.
John could feel his ribcage constrict and expand as he breathed heavily. This was all a bit too much to process and considering the rollercoaster of emotions he had been through for the last couple of days, as well as Victor’s unexpected and armed ambush followed by an even more unexpected one , words being delivered in that fast-paced speed reminiscent of a race car gearing up, it was difficult to know how he really felt about anything. He was still reeling from the shock of seeing Sherlock again.
. He hated the flat where I used to live with even more passion than I hate this place.”
Unfortunately his brother’s face conveyed no clue to collaborate either option, he just stared right back, a glimmer in his eyes that could mean that he was laughing at Mycroft for falling for his ruse or because he had actually been able to trick Mycroft by going against his orders. There was no way to prove either theory right now.
And knowing his brother’s tenacity, a hunt like that could go on forever.
“It’s not
“It’s not messy, it’s perfectly organized to my liking. There is a system to it.”
Magnussen walked over to his chair by the desk and seated himself before replying.
“He has made several suggestions that he knows something is going on between us. Not to mention the fact that he pointed a gun at me…”
“Are you sure that he knows what it is that you need from him, your precious doctor? It’s quite a lot to ask for. He isn’t, as you already pointed out, a great actor and he’s is too governed by feelings, so for him to deal with a man like Magnussen....”
“If you’re asking if I knew of his drug addiction, then I can say that I didn’t as long as we were romantically involved. But the minute I found out and confronted him about it I realised that he had duped me all along, keeping my attention preoccupied with sex so he could continue indulging his drug habit while having a doctor claiming that he was doing just fine, thereby never rising any suspicions from anyone else. He confirmed it himself on the night that I broke it off with him.”
The doctor was, as expected, a bit worried about the whole thing, especially as he didn’t have the comfort of whatever soothing method Sherlock usually applied to pacify the man. Mycroft sincerely hoped it wasn’t all down to sexual manipulations.
But just as he managed to almost reach the car, hoping to see a glimpse of the man that was supposed to marry Sherlock in a few months, the car door was slammed shut by a driver in a uniform and as the windows in the backseat were tainted black he didn’t catch so much as a peek of the mysterious fiancé.
And there was probably no use pretending that this was anything beyond pure carnal desire and a good time to be had with a man who would soon be married off to someone else and removed from John’s reach anyway.
“I guess it’s a matter of taste,” he finally concluded and the man next to him nodded and turned his full attention on him.
Besides, what if the ambulance crew needed directions to find him? This place could be a proper labyrinth to an outsider and there was no time for getting lost in this situation.
does not seem too alien to you these days, little brother. He did after all manage to worm his way into what I always thought was a hollow cavity but instead turned out to be the equivalent of a beating heart buried inside of you. I don’t believe I have seen that side of you for years. Not since…Well, no need to get into that, we all know how that ended.”
Maybe John would think this had all been some strange dream when he woke up tomorrow morning….
He shook his head and told himself to stay professional. At least for a little while longer.
A firm grip led him to one of the rooms downstairs with a glass of something yellowish resolutely pressed into his hands with the order to drink up.
Sherlock had told Mycroft about the whole alarming incident of Victor seeking out John Watson in the middle of the night, waving a weapon at him and Mycroft had contemplated filing an anonymous report to the police about an illegal firearm being in Victor’s possession, but had then decided against it for now.
