They exchanged numbers and handed their phones back to each other. Dean grabbed a Stouffers from the open freezer next to them and they continued their walk. Dean processed what just happened, what he just did in inviting a Charleston to his property, willingly, completely sober and conscious—
“That’s the key right there. Forget your brother, forget this horrible arranged marriage situation which, I wish I was in a position of power to stop—how do you really feel about this boy? How did you feel about him before Friday night?”
“I never knew what this kind of a committed relationship would look like,” Dean said, “And it scared me, and like I said I didn’t think I’d ever truly find one in the first place—and now that I’m here...”
“Yeah that’s—that’s kind of our theme, I guess,” Cas said, and Dean looked over to him, still confused, mouthing “What?”
He saw Cas’s concerned face last night, not doing anything Dean was uncomfortable with, reassuring him—how Cas looked the morning after their night in the field as Dean watched him wake. It was the most peaceful Cas had ever looked.
It took all of Dean’s strength to not just push Cas onto the couch and attack his mouth with that comment. All his life Dean just threw the tree topper on at the beginning just so he didn’t forget it, never once thinking it was something special. It was just another Christmas decoration. But Cas had a habit of finding even the most mundane things special and worth treasuring, and Dean loved him for it.
Exhaustion had started to settle over Cas when he looked over at Dean, still asleep, still handcuffed. He looked small, scared even in sleep—a direct opposite to the previous morning as they woke up together in the soft sunlight.
Dean’s attempt at a dodge combined with Zachariahs’ sloppy aim, wound up saving his life. Doctors had said if Dean
But, Joshua was more of a father than Cas’s own father who, at some point during his college career, left entirely.
Dean’s word got caught off as Cas surged forward on the couch, pressing himself close and drawing Dean into a deep kiss without any warning. All the warmth that managed to bloom during Dean’s unwrapping of Cas’s gift exploded into a firestorm, coursing through his body. They both set their boxes down on the ground as Cas shifted until he settled between Dean’s legs, resting against him. The fire crackled merrily beside them, also enthusiastic, as the wind outside rattled the door slightly.
There was another pregnant pause before Cas cleared his throat, “College. Junior year of my undergraduate program.”
Cas felt his throat tighten a little as the one person who usually had a way out for every situation was telling him that it was basically hopeless. Marry Hannah, or they’d have to deal with whatever it was Michael had for plan B, and while Michael liked to keep blood off his hands, he may not mind dirtying up someone else.
“There was a family that moved here several years ago while you were just graduating high school. I don’t know how to say this without sounding like a Shakesperian drama—”
“Don’t know when I’ll get you in a hat like this again, so I wanted to commemorate the occasion,” Dean said, hoping it made sense out loud because it didn’t in his head. “I print some of these things out--remember that album Sam made me start a couple years ago?
But watching it on a small screen didn’t exude the same amount of energy that the scene in the alleyway did. Not by a long shot. They never triggered such a strong reaction in Dean.
Dean flashed him a quick smile before they slid out of the car. Grabbing a flashlight out of the trunk, they made their way to the barn. Feeling a sharp spike in fear as they approached the door, Cas grabbed for Dean who accepted the vice grip on his hand.
Cas struggled to keep his composure as Dean took all of him in. They both stopped moving completely and Cas rested his forehead on the pillow next to Dean, counting to himself, trying to do anything to restrain himself from acting before Dean was ready.
If it had happened at any other time in his life, maybe Dean would have shrugged the warning off and acted anyway—but he wasn’t just thinking of himself anymore.
Dean arrived at Benny’s partially opened door, heading the beeping of the vitals machine next to the bed.
“I’ll be honest, I never saw the point of it. My understanding was ‘if you love someone, isn’t that enough? Why do you need a ring, or an elaborate ceremony?’. I never understood marriage or even engagements,” Cas sighed, “But last year when we were all at the lake and Sam and Eileen did it—I understood then. I think I had been on that path to understanding anyway but it took seeing someone up close doing it for me to
Dean sighed and picked up a napkin, starting to rip little pieces off, “It was great—like, I obviously don’t want to go into details—“
major in Theology and get a masters and sh-stuff?” Dean held back the curse word—Castiel didn’t seem like the kind of guy who spoke like that.
Once upon a time, Cas did envision himself as a priest. Those daydreams happened when he had spaced out during mass, listening to the older priest at St. Paul’s drone on and on and on and imagining himself doing a better job. Father Joshua Laurence at the same church, younger then, encouraged Cas’s pursuits honestly.
Cas woke first curled around Dean, blinking at the morning sunlight beaming directly into the room. The air conditioning still wasn’t on, but the opened window ushered in a cool breeze.
, Cas thought, bracing himself for Dean to say that he found another man. A woman was one thing, but Cas going from being Dean’s first to side of the road trash in a week was really something.
Cas had to decide which route he wanted to take—they were all good but they didn’t have infinite stamina. And at the end of the day there were still things he didn’t know.
It was the confidence that Cas had gained over the years that was always the biggest turn-on for Dean, and right then, as Cas moved so easily in their semi-public place, Dean decided that he’d want to do this again.
“Dammit lady, I tell you it ain’t gon’ fit, it ain’t gon—hello?” the man, Nathan presumably, called out, “Can I just go in?”
They remained quiet, watching the parade pass by them. While he still had some lingering discomfort, Cas grew more and more relaxed, focusing on the performances from the parade, even laughing when a drag queen came up to them and draped an obnoxious, cartoonish rainbow necklace on Dean. She almost kissed him but instead withdrew, wagging her finger at him. Cas laughed and Dean pushed him half-heartedly.
The garden that Joshua attended to still had some color to it despite the lack of rain. Cas never understood how he did it, and Joshua only explained it as “God’s will for it to live”.
Their own stall door shook as Nathan closed his, grumbling to himself. Cas opened his eyes, glanced at Dean, then ducked his head briefly to see under the stall.
Dean was waiting for the punch when suddenly Benny appeared between them, pushing Michael with such force that he tripped over a chair and fell to the concrete floor. Dean wanted to laugh, he would have laughed, but his head hurt and all he wanted was to get out of there and start driving.
She smiled, a nice one, a kind one, and looked ahead on the path, “I said there’s a performance of Grease happening at The Oakwood in a week and I was wondering if you wanted to come with me?”
The downside always remained the people. Food, great—Cas’s mood, amazing—crowd? Dean hated the holiday shopping crowd; folks scrambling around, doing their last-minute Christmas shopping and the worst thing was Dean couldn’t make fun of them because there he was, walking alongside Cas who himself decided to do last-minute Christmas shopping—
“You got some powerful friends if they just invite three towns' worth of people to celebrate you coming back from college.”
The waitress brought them all another round of drinks, on Benny’s tab, even though Lee and Dean hadn’t finished theirs yet.
By the time he reached his room, Cas couldn’t catch his breath, heart pounding in his ears. The ringing also returned.
“Oh—oh no, wait,” Dean said, faking concern while looking over at their clothes, “I took a different jacket today—I don’t know if I have the stuff with me.”
Dean took the bottle from Cas and put it on the ledge next to him without looking, too happy to keep his eyes on the man undressing unceremoniously in front of him. Cas kicked aside his jeans and shirt and glanced at the shower.
They stayed in bed for another half hour, not engaging in anything too exhausting but settling for soft kisses and hands wherever they needed to be. They didn’t need music this time, now used to their own sounds and rhythm. It took them only one night to learn how to fit together, and they did so with ease and purpose.
Finally closer, Cas wound his fingers in Dean’s hair, mimicking Dean’s actions from earlier, and guided him into a lazy kiss as Dean moved slow and easy at first. The rhythm came second nature amid their breathy, quiet laughs and their inability to hold back pressing kisses to any inch of skin they could access.
Cas obeyed without a word and turned to his side. Dean did the same and shifted closer, heart sinking as he saw silent tears streaming sideways down onto Cas’s pillow. That hadn’t happened to either of them in a while.
“I said ‘get over here’,” Cas said louder, eyes still closed but reaching back behind him, his ring catching Dean’s bedside light, pulling back the sheets. Dean grinned and obeyed, sliding out of his flannels, kicking them to the side.
Several times Dean had wanted to turn over to face Cas, but the energy wasn’t there. He also didn’t want to get the day going just yet. So long as he remained still, so did time, so did space.
“Sure, that sounds great,” Cas replied, trying to feign some kind of enthusiasm. He didn’t care much for musicals, particularly Grease. He had watched it once in prep school because the other boys liked the scene where the girls are in their nightclothes, but he hated the overall message of the story.
Despite the intimidation, as Cas sat in the creaky pew his family always sat in, looking at the stained glass displayed above the outside aisles and the large, ornate statue of Christ on the Cross, it felt more comforting that not. Nothing had changed.
The voice caused Cas to jump, dropping the bag of chips. He reached down and snatched it, mumbling a curse word to himself.
“You wore that shirt from your aunt you said looked bad on you,” Dean reminded Cas, extending his fingers to count on them, “You got that haircut your stylist recommended even though you didn’t think it’d look good, you—”
“I said we’ll talk about it later,” Michael answered, looking back at Cas, speaking through clenched teeth. “Go upstairs.”
He had arrived home with an hour to spare and scrambled through his room to find something that would hide the mark that Dean left. Cas didn’t have the wherewithal to complain at the time, but now faced the looming danger of someone looking at him from the right angle and seeing what laid just under his collar.
Dean never figured a simple word would cause such an impact but through the smiles as they slipped the rings onto each other’s fingers, he felt yet another wall, one of the final ones he had left, crumble. Each step forward locked them both into place without the ability to look back.
Dean watched, expressionless, as a hand covered Castiel and someone behind him began chanting words, causing the world around him to disintegrate into the abyss.
Back still to Dean, jeans off, Cas sat at the edge of the bed and slowly unlaced his shoes, lowering them down to the ground by the laces into the dirt. One down, another to go, and he heard a soft “Jesus Christ” from behind him. Cas kept the smile to himself, knowing he’d likely win this round, just like he won Sunday.
For every scenario Cas’s mind imagined for him, away from Worthington, a duplicate spun off showing Cas all alone.
Guilt had started to creep up on him a couple of weeks ago after Lee made the comment that Dean was just “using her” if he already knew they had no future.
He bit the inside of his cheek, almost hard enough to bleed when they both came, again at almost the exact same time with gasps of air and slowly rocking back and forth.
“If you think I’m going that long without anything then… I don’t know. But it’s not happening,” Dean said, shaking his head.
Without allowing Michael to get another word in, Cas headed up to his bedroom and slammed the door behind him.
And just like that, it was over. The rush dissolved, and Dean was alone, in his room, trying to catch his breath.
“I’m not finished. I want you to think about this, because I’m pretty sure this is the biggest issue with you right now, but correct me if I’m wrong,” Benny started, looking Dean straight in the eye, “Forget about his family, forget about your family, forget about any animosity you have to his brother, forget what your father had said about you—”
Dean swore and sat up in bed, wincing at the discomfort. The picture had been taken just after Dean slipped into a brief nap, just after he divulged to Benny and Lee that he had a thing, a hesitant focus on Cas.
Dean kept up the act, kept up the party lines, kept stirring the pot to try and make Michael’s life a hassle.
“I’m not—I’m not putting the cart before the horse on this one,” Michael explained, “Once I get the go-ahead, I’m leaving.”
Zachariah glanced over at Cas, the corner of his mouth slowly lifting up in that disgusting smirk before he looked back to Michael.
,” Dean said, remembering his freak out that day, his head and heart racing a mile a minute, “To me, it was a yes without you realizing I had even asked the question yet. But I didn’t want to ask first since I felt bad stumbling onto the surprise.”
Trying to bring himself back to the present, Cas forced all his attention onto Dean as he began to make his way down the side of Cas’s neck and the fact that already both of them had no control over their lower halves; their hips began to work off of muscle memory and started to gently rock against each other.
Dean rushed back to the library, hoping no one would see him and ask questions. Now wasn’t the time for questions. Dean was on a mission.
“Glad Eric finally went home,” Dean mumbled, happy to see no cars in the parking lot. Closed for Christmas. Company rule.
“You’re gonna need a lot of pennies,” he answered, himself not understanding what was going on in his head.
One of the things that he was taught constantly by kind teachers was that money wasn’t everything. It was a funny kind of lesson to teach a group of boys who came from wealthy families, but Cas took it to heart.
Sheriff Mills’ frown deepened, “Michael had told us of Dean’s family and his past, along with him facing charges, along with I would imagine a sudden and abrupt change to his way of life—that it is, in fact, possible.”
Cas waited for Gabriel to figure it out himself. He didn’t want to say it and give it more legitimacy.
The man whipped his arm back up and pointed the gun at Dean. He tried acting fast but the gunman had half a second advantage. As Dean began to turn away, the gun fired.
“Yeah, but he also has a family and every time I’d go in there and he told me he pulled his millionth all-nighter, I feel guilty.”
Victory’s only catholic church, South Victory Church of Christ, had an opening for a new church director, and Dean encouraged Cas to take it—they both had a renewed sense of faith, Cas especially. He had informed them of his sexuality right off the bat, half expecting to be turned away—but instead was immediately welcomed. He even wound up teaching bible study on Sundays.
It was a lame reason, a cover-up, but Dean didn’t push because Cas could easily push back with other unanswered questions from the car ride.
To counter Dean’s actions, Cas experimented with shifting his hips by only a fraction of an inch. Dean didn’t realize how pressed together they were until then. He also didn’t realize how hard they already were.
The sudden transition from calm and content to jumpy and on edge threw Cas off balance as he was told by Michael to take her for a walk.
“Their companies would benefit in merging and then run me out of town,” Dean finished. Cas looked up, confused.
“Can he see us?” Dean asked, words only audible on the softest exhale he could do, gesturing between him and Cas' feet.
“Had no idea it did that,” Dean said, looking away from his reflection and down to his sleeve. He did his best attempt at a circle, another circle, then a longer one connecting them—
“You’re—a menace,” Cas said, taking Dean by the shoulders and turning him back to the mirror, “An absolute menace.”
“We have breakfast, presents, lunch, and then dinner with whoever’s left—pace yourself,” Cas teased, walking by Dean, patting him on the shoulder.
It was a 5-year-old’s sandwich, but Cas couldn’t care less at that point. Might as well get the last bit of fun in now before he’d be shoved into another world he had no business being in.
They allowed him to go back. For whatever reason, they allowed him to retrieve his vessel before returning to Heaven. Castiel viewed it as a test.
Dean’s side of the conversation was arguably shorter: He lived in Worthington his entire life, he went to school in Worthington, his friends are in Worthington.
, to getting the information to Dean. Castiel knew others were closing in and he had little time left.
Just as Cas pulled down one of his socks, the last item of clothing remaining, he felt the truck move. Before he could turn and look, Dean had positioned himself right behind Cas, mere centimeters away from actually pressing up against him.
Eventually, to get off the subject of his family, Dean settled on telling stories of monstrous customers down at the auto shop, failing to acknowledge it was the shop at the edge of town.
Someone began shouting, some began moving, but Castiel couldn’t hear over a voice inside his own head:
Cas nodded, not elaborating. Dean didn’t push it. Cas hadn’t gone into length about how his conversation with Michael went when he returned to the hospital the afternoon he went to Worthington and Dean had left it at that.
“I just got a call from the Missouri State Police department,” Joshua said, pausing again. Cas tightened his grip on the steering wheel. “They were called to the cabin about forty-five minutes ago. I guess—a heard what sounded like gunshots—” Ice cold dread sank into Cas, all the way to the bone “—went outside, and saw Dean laying outside the house with a gunshot wound his upper chest—not exactly sure where.”
Dean knew that didn’t fully answer Cas’s question, and he braced himself for more, but Cas turned his attention back to the road and remained quiet.
Cas stepped back from the doorway and glanced over his shoulder back out into the open field behind them, lit by the moonlight, seeming bright as day compared to the darkness of the barn. The panic started to rise to an uncomfortable level.
As he straightened back up, warm hands rested on his lower back, traveled up slowly to his shoulders then back down.
“So does it matter you’re the last one leaving? I lived outside of this place for most of my life—it never seemed like a special place to hold on to.” Cas stopped but saw the rebuttal from Dean coming a mile away and held up his hand to stop him. “You staying here for your father also makes no sense. It didn’t sound like he was happy here either. Neither your brother. So what’s keeping you here?”
Despite having a bunker full of excited adults and children, no one woke up extra early to rush to the tree and open presents.
“—and you have to hide who you are for the rest of your life,” he finished out loud before cursing under his breath. He was so bad at keeping his thoughts to himself.
Reynolds, standing outside, was red and sweaty in the face as he breathed hard, peering into the engine of a large and old red tractor.
“You said you wanted to do better things when I got home—does that involve me watching you sleep all afternoon?”
Cas placed another soft kiss on Dean’s mouth, still smiling. Any sense of fear or foreboding Dean had earlier had completely evaporated, leaving only a pure sense of Christmas joy that felt unequivocally theirs to keep, forever.
Not giving them more than a moment to collect themselves, Dean moved in, mouthing Cas’s jaw, under his ear, and down to his neck.
Cas smiled and began unwrapping the box. Dean watched, amused, as Cas pulled out the first of the wrapped boxes, frowning in confusion.
“Or you can warm me up, since I’m already here,” Dean suggested, pressing his mouth against the back of Cas’s neck. He had been waiting for this for hours. The hardest thing that night wasn’t keeping quiet about the rings or waiting for someone to notice—it was using all of his will power to not haul Cas into the bedroom by his shirt collar and release all that energy that had been building since he first saw Cas buy that ring.
Dean really hated hearing Cas sound like that in comparison to the laughter he has drawn out a few times now. It was a kind of sadness that told Dean that it was a constant presence in Cas’s life.
Cas immediately called the local State Troopers barracks, asking for Sergeant Mills. He needed her to watch the video—he didn’t want to mess anything up, especially if it showed what he thought it showed.
Dean did put on a show. Cas would bet anything that Dean didn’t usually wash for that long or that thorough.
On the drive over, Cas knew the answer stared him in the face—but he couldn’t connect the pieces. He had been up for nearly 24 hours and all the wires remained disconnected. The only thing his brain focused on was the image of Dean in hospital scrubs handcuffed to his bed.
He met Hannah at the local park where kids and families flooded the playground and sports fields, keen on enjoying a summer day that didn’t include scorching temperatures.
In Dean’s wildest imagination he figured Michael and Zachariah could somehow track Benny through Cas’s phone, and the less he could put his friends in danger, the better.
“Need any help?” Cas asked, voice brighter than Dean had expected. He wasn't sure if it was from the booze or the atmosphere but regardless it was a nice sound to hear.
Cas, who already didn’t want to be at the party, suddenly wanted to bust through the window, just to get out of there. Dean sending the photo and video not only brought back reminders of their night, but physical sensations like feeling him move under Cas, or whatever noise he tried to keep to himself, ultimately failing.
Nodding, Cas processed Joshua’s words as they went back to working in silence, the voice from last night now back in his head.
“I got papers yesterday,” Dean mumbled, flicking a little bug out of the water. “They can’t force me out of here though, and if I have to live in the middle of a parking lot, then so be it.”
During his conversation with his brother, Dean had texted Cas a few more pictures. Even that infectious smile couldn’t wash away the deep sense of sadness that grew in Cas during his phone conversation.
Dean laughed as the breeze picked up, sending a shiver running through him. The sun had nearly finished its descent beyond the horizon and the temperature dropped along with it.
For Dean, laying in the cabin’s bedroom on that February morning, it was easier to pretend it was them waking up in that little house than it was when they laid in the dark back at the bunker.
They didn’t hold hands but they stayed close together as they walked throughout the fair. The place filled up with more people within an hour of them getting there.
They wound up living farther north than intended in the town of Victory—picked for a reason despite it not at the same house Cas had remembered from the picture. The place needed a massive overhaul but it turned out Dean really liked fixing things around the house, and Cas found that he really liked to watch.
“You’ll watch Dean,” Michael told Castiel without turning to look at him. “If Zachariah does his job properly, you won’t have a problem, but just in case—”
Michael paused again, frowning. “If you and she were to merge our families, then any blow they did to us would also be to them, and—”
No one screamed, no one made a single sound. Castiel suffered in silence as they held him, and burned him into much-needed submission.
They discussed how bad or good they were at school—Dean telling horror stories of public education while Cas detailed weird traditions and customs at an all-boys Catholic boarding school. They talked about movies, vacations (not like Dean went on many, and when he spoke he was sure not to focus most of the attention on his family. He didn’t want to ruin a good time). Dean expressed his desire to live on the beach if he were to ever have to relocate, and Cas talked about how one trip to Maine had made him want to live there forever.
As Cas turned to look at his phone, wanting to give in to the desire to open back up those pictures, he realized he hadn’t been to church since he left Indiana. He hadn’t even done his nightly prayer routine he had gotten so accustomed to over the years.
Dean ceased all movement and put his hands up to show he dropped his things. He knew this would happen. He knew it would happen, he knew it he knew it—
The more Dean thought about it, the more Dean wondered just how far removed Castiel really was from the Charleston family.
. Sam absorbed that information and went forward completely understanding, for the most part, and for the stuff he didn’t get, he either didn’t comment or he asked about it in private.
Cas genuinely enjoyed looking particularly at the quilted blankets and the knitwear alongside the crocheted items. He paused at a cross stitch pattern he imagined must have taken some old woman years to finish at the cost of her eyesight. She placed Best in Show.
“About four hundred and fifty thousand,” Cas said, scrolling through his phone to find Joshua’s number. He looked up when Dean said nothing to find him stunned. “What?”
He heard Cas sigh as a bag rustled, “It’s not done but you can help me with this part otherwise it’ll take all night.”
land for a shopping center that was as big an eyesore as South Hill, and were extremely persistent in bothering several people in town to try and buy their business. They were viewed as cold and aloof, tipped badly, and some believed they had greased the pockets of the mayor and police department.
All he wanted was to get to that cabin with its four sturdy walls and hopefully a heavy lock and alarm system and to stay there with one of the only people he felt safe with. Dean had expected some kind of backlash but didn’t expect it before he had left.
“It helped calm me down in school,” Cas answered, “I had an astronomy teacher who liked to break the rules a little, let me up on the roof when I wasn’t supposed to be up there..”
No more teasing passed between them as another cold breeze blew through. Cas kept Dean’s hand in his own as he worked to open the ring box himself with his other. Dean reached over and held it while Cas opened the top, but didn’t look.
celebrate Pride, and it means something personal to you,” Cas continued, “And for me — I like the parade, I like the festival—but I also just like knowing we can go out to dinner without being harassed, or we can move in together without questions being raised. That’s enough for me. The LGBT community isn’t all the same — why do we have to celebrate Pride the same way?”
The words hung in the air between them and were almost so tangible that Dean could reach out and grab them. The awkward silence that followed made Dean wonder if Cas meant to say that out loud. Dean’s brain tried to catch up with the new information.
Dean didn’t know Cas was home until a hand on his shoulder gently shook him awake. Jumping, some water going over the edge, Dean looked to his left and saw Cas sitting on the floor next to the tub, a small smile on his face.
“So why are you in here when you could easily eat that outside,” Dean gestured to the uneaten sandwich.
“It was a rough time after that, especially after Sam went off to California a few years later and I was by myself with him,” Dean continued, staring at the water as he relived whatever repressed memory he had been trying to forget.
That day last summer had completely thrown everyone for a loop. It wasn’t shocking that it happened, but Dean still had forgotten that a long, long time ago, Sam had discussed getting married and having a family, mostly out of spite every time their father went off on one of his spiels about “the life” and “doing what had to be done”. It was a brief conversation they had when Sam neared the end of his senior year of high school, but there was also another quieter conversation after the initial shock wore off after Jessica died.
Hitting the number, Cas held the phone to his ear and took a deep breath, holding it as he saw headlights coming down the road again. The car sounded like Dean’s car—
Dean glanced at Benny’s face again and frowned back at the floor, concern beginning to bubble inside.
When Dean popped everything back in, the phone blinked at him through its splintered screen, some of the fractured display glitching out. His heart sank when he saw half glimpses of notifications he hadn’t heard while sitting at the table. A few texts and a phone call, followed by a voicemail.
And the fact he didn’t have more time to prepare his side of the inevitable conversation that was about to happen.
Dean, wanting a distraction, reached for one of the last chips on the plate, but Castiel went for it at the same causing their hands to bump into each other. They both instantly withdrew and Dean smiled, trying to push away the increasing awkwardness.
The other sticking point, Dean—Cas understood what Joshua had been saying, but the just thought of Dean choosing not to come was more terrifying than the fact Cas didn't know how to clean a bathroom.
His side of the bed had stayed chilled despite a warm body right next to it and he hissed as he crawled under the sheet and comforter, immediately pressing himself against Cas for some kind of comfort.
Standing there now, Dean didn’t say anything as he gently took Cas’s hand again, causing Cas to look back up. Relief poured over him when Dean didn’t give him a look of pity or sadness. On his face instead was understanding.
Cas hesitated, knowing Dean didn’t like to hear about Hannah—but that was the whole reason why he came.
As he came to the intersection, he decided to head back home to try and dig out his old phone to see if it would work. If he had to go straight to the cabin, then he had some extra time in terms of their timeline for the night.
Cas’s hands automatically wound themselves in Dean’s hair, taking a shaky breath as he felt Dean continuing downward. Hands suddenly pinned Cas’s hips to the bed in as Dean continued his plan, continued placing those small and delicate kisses on—
Dean knew it would all have to come out at some point, they’d have to both confront an ugly truth down the road.
But Dean never heard anything like this before. He couldn’t place a time where he and anyone else exchanged breathy conversations, one or two-word responses to inquisitive noises—
It didn’t even occur to Dean that Castiel could have ever come across a real backyard cookout in his life.
He didn’t want to lose this; he didn’t want to lose the chance of ever having this again. Out of his entire life it, Dean and everything they had, even if it had been for a short while, was the best thing in Cas’s life.
Sam got lucky. Sam read the writing on the wall at an early age and as soon as he could, he booked it to California with a girl he had met in his final months of high school—
“Your face is betraying your words you know,” Cas said quietly, reaching out to still Dean’s hand, still worrying at the thread.
Cas was left alone with Dean and the beeping machine. Sighing, Cas sat on the hospital provided chair next to the bed and took Dean’s hand in his own, horrified at how lifeless it felt. Dean’s wound wasn’t life-threatening—it was fixed and he would be fine.
“I mean I don’t know—it was her idea. We had been talking about it but both of us didn’t think it would actually happen, especially if we weren’t going to get into the same college. You remember we did that whole thing in secret.”
Without any hesitation, the man behind the tree stepped out and managed to walk up behind Dean without being seen. He stood behind Dean with a raised arm and Cas could just make out the outline of what had to be the gun in his hand.
Confused, Cas wandered out of his room and down to the ground floor. Dean wasn’t there. Cas made to text him again before realizing where Dean was.
Frowning, Sam glanced at Dean’s hand then back up to his face. Dean could easily play twenty questions with Sam, and win, but he had an appointment with someone who was currently waiting patiently in bed for additional celebratory activities.
The three of them sat in the study and Michael poured Zachariah a drink. He didn’t offer Cas one, and Cas would have refused anyway. He needed to keep his mind focused.
Dean didn’t answer, but he didn’t need to. The expression on his face said it for him and Cas looked away, trying not to show how much it hurt.
Dean scoffed as he walked up the steps, prepared to call a bet when he stopped in his tracks. A light pink patch on the stone remained, and Cas told him it’d be there no matter how hard he had tried to scrub it away—but it still took Dean aback.
Focusing on the fire helped settle Dean down a little as he patiently waited for the newspaper to catch on the wood. It was dry wood, but hard, and it was difficult to get going. The waiting bought Dean precious time in his head to sort everything out.
Nathan made a noise, almost of awe, as Dean slipped between the wall and Cas, the mirror now only showing them angled from the side.
Like lasers, Cas felt the gaze almost drill a hole into the side of his head as the beginnings of the parade passed by.
That morning, Cas watched Dean bounce around their apartment, shoving items into a small bag. He mumbled stuff about “not getting glitter on Barry” his coworker. Cas said maybe it’d help Barry smile more, and Dean laughed.
“We have some time before dinner is ready,” Dean said, clearing his throat, “I can set up the fire—wasn’t sure if you wanted to do gifts now or after—?”
When Saturday’s party arrived, Cas hid as much as he could. People introduced themselves with smiles of pearly white teeth and leathery, overly tanned skin, and he had his fill of repeating the same story again and again.
“I guess I’ll just have to do your job for you then,” Cas said, turning back to Sergeant Mills. He grabbed his keys off the bedside table and didn’t look back on her or Dean as he left the room.
“Are you sick?” Cas asked, walking around the front of the car but keeping his distance. Just in case.
“You won’t tell her,” Michael argued, glaring at Cas, “You know it won’t work in your favor. You have a responsibility towards this family which you failed at when you graduated college and decided you wanted to do nothing!”
Cas sped up as they approached the end of the block and almost missed the crosswalk. Dean grabbed his arm to stop him and Cas obeyed, keeping his eyes on the ground. They both saw the same thing, both heard the same thing—the awkwardness ballooned between them and Dean couldn’t shut the hypotheticals off in his head as they approached an avenue Dean didn’t want to think of, at least not while standing next to Cas.
Dean waited on his front doorstep and shot to his feet as soon as Cas pulled into the driveway, looking just as nervous as Cas felt. He had a dark-colored shirt draped over his arm while he himself wore a black one. They would still look simple in comparison to some of the other club goers, but at least better than two nights ago.
His feet began taking him in the direction of the fitting room, still glancing around like some shifty shopper about to pop tags and bolt out of the store.
Hearing the word out loud, the suggestion coming from someone else’s mouth, gave Cas pause. The question sounded different out loud than it did in his own head. It made it more—real.
“No,” Cas said, sounding a little hoarse. He cleared his throat and sat up straighter. “No, that doesn’t sound like something he would do.”
They talked for a little while, carefully avoiding any talks of present or future—and Cas wasn’t sure if it was due to the heat or the adrenaline from earlier but as Dean talked about his first concert, Cas wondered what Dean would have done had he gotten farther with that friend.
Dean shook his head and ran his fingers back and forth. He pulled away to look down at what he was doing, “Not with another guy.”
Cas frowned in confusion as he followed Dean out of the fitting room. Dean glanced back at him as he hung the extra jackets on the return rack and laughed.
“I really thought I found a good spot. No one ever goes over there,” Dean mumbled, glancing out over the frozen lake. He frowned, confused. “So you knew this was there but you still bought one?”
Staggering away from Dean, Michael’s face of anger morphed into pure fear, realizing there was no one else around to save him or to restrain Dean.
He had missed their date the morning after he and Dean went to the field. Their phones had died overnight and woke up much later than planned.
“So you still had the idea,” Sam said, “But you didn’t tell me? Did you tell anyone it was happening? You just left and came back with a ring on your finger.”
It was easy for Dean throughout the course of the day to forget where Cas came from. The only reminder came when Lee gave Cas a side-eye when Cas wasn’t looking. Cas had even left the chinos at home and opted for some Bermuda shorts and a light blue button-down. Still more formal than the rest of the attendees, but not out of place.
“Well I don’t know many people here either, and I’m allergic to crab,” Dean said, sighing. “You got any other food in here?”
Cas thanked that person because now he and Dean would most likely have to stay there longer than they had initially intended.
But if he stayed in Worthington he wouldn’t only just be ruining his life, but Hannah’s and Dean’s as well.
“You just weren’t gonna mention this at all?” Sam said, moving Dean’s wrist back and forth so his hand flopped around, the ring dancing in front of their eyes.
“Michael is trying to arrange a marriage for me,” Cas said, turning his head to look at Dean, the desperation still in his eyes.
“What happened?” Dean said with his arms outstretched, confused. Cas ignored the question and instead stepped into Dean’s space and deposited a kiss on his cheek, avoiding the glitter.
Sighing, Cas lifted himself up and onto his knees, easing himself out and wincing. Dean hissed and shifted, loosening his legs as Cas completely backed away.
Dean straightened himself up and cleared his throat. He didn’t realize how long he had been stalling until Cas said his name, prompting him to continue.
In the blink of an eye, Cas let go of himself and grabbed a washcloth and held it against him as he came. The tension finally snapped in Dean and he buried himself fully in Cas, leaning his forehead against Cas’s shoulder. His hips moved on their own, trying to draw out every pleasurable sensation from inside Cas as Dean came.
It was an interesting image played out before him and Dean didn’t expect Cas to wear the hat which was bought last minute at the hotel’s gift shop. But he did.
When Dean looked up and saw the car, his face lit up. At some point between dropping off his coworker and getting to the lot, he had placed a couple of stickers on his face and changed his shirt.
But that night, as Dean drifted off to sleep first, Cas had watched him, allowing wisps of thought to float in and out of his mind. They deposited vague, generalized scenarios of them together, asking him how it felt when he saw a text or call from him, videos, pictures, that weird sensation whenever Dean smiled or said his name.
Cas’s brain kicked into hyperdrive, trying to come up with an excuse on the spot that he stupidly didn’t figure out before he came to the party.
Which Castiel couldn’t argue against, but still found marginally unfair. Dean didn’t know what it was like to be an Angel with a target on their back—but Castiel couldn’t accurately explain it.
As Castiel took out a bag of what looked like some soda and other snacks, a sense of absurdity washed over Dean as he realized in the last two weeks, Castiel’s brother threatened to throw him behind bars, twice.
Cas’s heart pounded in his chest and up into his throat as adrenaline rushed over him. He walked as calmly as he could over to the stairs and up to his room. There, he locked the door, threw open the windows for some kind of fresh air,
He glanced to his right, seeing Michael with the visage of the man Castiel had originally been tasked with saving. Michael, no doubt feeling like he was being watched, turned, and caught Castiel’s stare.
He chanced a glance at Cas who leaned against his door, staring out the window as they rushed past fields and streetlights.
Now laying on his back, staring at the ceiling, Cas decided he should seek that house out if he left—when he left.
His imagination meandered along, seeing another person in that hotel bed; blurry face, no discernible details—but along with it came a spark of jealousy.
Each and every seed of doubt tried its hardest to convince Cas to cancel the plans and just stay home.
They didn’t speak for the duration of preparing the food, and Dean hoped and begged with everything he had that the heat building in his face was from the coals and not due to the warring narratives inside his head.
“I started saving up since you told me that story last spring,” Cas explained, “Just a little bit from each paycheck can go a long way, turns out.”
Wandering up and down the aisles, they finally got to vegetables and Cas thought Dean was going to keel over once they saw the size of the summer squash. Just to add to everything, Cas glanced around them real quick before sliding a hand around Dean’s lower back, just under his shirt — a sensitive area.
But at Cas looked at Dean’s face, falling back into a sad, thoughtful frown, worry took over once more.
It had its intended effect on Cas whose leg began to bounce with anticipation anxiety. Dean smiled then turned his back on him. Cas forced himself to stay still.
There was a beep over the receiving end as the car drove by, taking with it another part of Cas’s dwindling hope.
“Not that great,” Cas answered, “I don’t know if it was her first one—if it was then that’s understandable—I just hope
After Zachariah closed the door Cas started the car again, hands shaking. Zachariah knew things—knew something—and Cas knew it was something more than just the hickey on his neck.
Michael was pleasantly  surprised when Cas said he wanted to join him that day, and they both headed out for 9 a.m. mass at St. Paul’s in the neighboring town of Florence.
Cas shifted, fully in and up against Dean, closing even more distance between themselves and the mirror. The lighting of their reflections dimmed somewhat, but now Dean could really take in just how on the edge of breaking Cas really was. The eyes always gave it away—blown-out pupils in stark contrast to the blue, adding more fuel for an already intense stare that always made Dean shiver.
“I’m really happy for you, for you both,” Sam said, a small smile finally forming on his face, “If anyone deserves it, it’s you two.”
Dean’s mind had wandered to the last time he had anything he could call a date, and it was a week into knowing Cassie and she had invited him to the bar for a drink. The night was fun, and they chatted and smiled and drank a little. It wasn’t anything dramatic or too memorable, but comfortable and expected.
Turning, his heart plummeted into the pit of his stomach as he saw Hannah’s uncle coming up to him with a crooked smile.
This time Dean had to break away, needing air. He didn’t move far, staying pressed against Cas, feeling him try to catch his breath as well.
Before he could open his mouth to comment or to tease some more, Cas rose from the bench and stood behind Dean, reaching up under the jacket to grab his waist.
Cas waited until he couldn’t feel his heart in his throat anymore before he popped open the chatbox.
“It is what it is,” Reynolds said with a sigh. “But I realized last night that I didn’t like you very much because… I don’t know.”
Dean didn’t say anything but nodded his head, face a mixture of apprehension and excitement. It was one thing to say you wanted to get fucked and an entirely different thing when it was about to happen.
But today, he was shopping for his we-all-finally-have-a-weekend-off cook-out extravaganza as well as annoying Benny with a birthday party. It had put Dean in a good mood following the disaster the previous Saturday. He hadn’t had all his friends gathered in one spot in a few months and it was a perfect way to chill out and not think about things for a while.
Dean rolled his eyes and turned back to the cutting board with several steaks in front of him, “That’s not why I invited him. I just figured, you know, the guy should be able to let loose and actually have a party. Not some place where there’s  cardboard food and watered-down booze and absolutely no fun.”
In that room, in the half-second between Dean’s words and what was about to happen, a shot of panic sprang into his head. It wasn’t fear over doing something wrong, or fumbling something else, or sounding like an idiot—it was Dean’s moment of clarity sending a reminder about who exactly it was in front of him.
his hands to go, and instead slid along the waistband to the side, to the back, then back to the front.
Dean’s brain short-circuited as his legs automatically tightened to keep Cas there should he have any ideas of leaving. They moved together, synced almost perfectly with the rhythm of the music. Despite wanting to watch everything, take the whole experience in, and sear it into his brain, had to close his eyes as he felt electricity pulse up and down him with every small slide, or grind, or even just a small shift of the hips from Cas to get a better angle.
Impulse and inspiration took over Cas almost instantly. Without giving himself a moment to think, he unbuttoned his polo at the neck and pulled it off. Cas didn’t need to look over to Dean to know where his eyes were. He put the shirt on, ignoring the sudden mood shift in the car.
Things experienced, things feared, things that will, at this point, never leave their mind and jump out when they close their eyes and let their guard down—no matter how good the day was—and remind them that while things are stable now, it wasn’t always. They will relive some of those moments when they least wanted to.
“What other areas need to be filled?” Cas asked, voice low in Dean’s ear, hands moving back under the jacket to hold Dean’s waist. He shifted his hips a minute amount, hardly at all, but enough for Dean’s fried nerves to react. He rested an arm against the mirror, wincing at the cold surface, and leaned his forehead against it, biting back another moan as Cas did it again.
Cas now was the one who couldn’t take his eyes off the ring box, staring transfixed at the little thing in Dean’s hand.
“I don’t think you need to discover it—but yes,” Cas answered, moving a little closer, a little annoyed. The telescope and star gazing bit of the night he had hoped would only last a short amount of time after Dean’s initial exposure.
It began with the moment of clarity that Cas had to deal with this whole life. They don’t like him so they send him to boarding schools constantly throughout his life, Catholic ones at that, and then expect him to take up some kind of life that Cas wasn’t built for, and when Cas tries to stray, he’s punished or used.
He moved further to the back property line to see if any were on in the rear of the house, but still nothing.
“Figured it would just be something to do tonight. I was still wired from the lake trip so wanted to kind of… ride it out,” Dean finished lamely.
Cas was more sober than not and Dean had quit drinking once people began leaving a couple of hours ago.
“Storm woke me up,” he answered, tilting his hips back, brushing against Cas’ and smiling at the sharp intake of breath, “Just thinking.”
Cas hesitated but nodded in agreement, discomfort reading all over his face. A pang of guilt struck through Dean as he unlatched the gate. He hoped he didn’t just make Cas uncomfortable for the rest of his time there.
Dean held his hands up in surrender, hoping his expression came off as unthreatening. He hated acting like this, but he willingly walked into it. He had no one to really blame but himself.
Dean opened one eye to glare at Cas from under the pillow before turning his head away. Cas smiled but didn’t move closer. He had never done this before and didn’t know how a “morning after” went.
“Someone’s in a hurry,” Cas countered, pulling off the other sock, leaning over to tuck them in the side pocket.
A small noise escaped Dean who took Cas’s hand and pulled him over to the wall next to the door, out of sight of any wandering eyes in the hallway. That bright burning energy from the night before hadn’t left them, still laying in wait for whatever opportunity it may have to spring forward. Cas had a feeling it would be happening a lot today. They hadn’t finished celebrating.
There were other issues on the horizon, Cas sensed them, but zeroing in on Joshua’s reminder helped steady him slightly. When another surge of panic threatened to throw Cas back off, he began to say the reminder out loud.
As soon as the words left his mouth, he knew exactly what the issue was, but Cas couldn’t respond faster than Michael.
“Inspiring nudist? We’re gonna have to move to a warmer town,” he said, a shiver breaking out all over, goosebump visible in the reflection.
Sam rolled his eyes as he picked his head back up and Dean flashed a grin before dropping it completely, taking in a deep breath.
But, with Gabriel gone, Lucas gone, the kids in school (currently at some Christian sleep away camp)—Michael, Cas, and Dean were all that was left.
“C’mere,” Dean mumbled, trying to wake himself up more as he tugged his hand a little, wanting Cas to turn.
Dean held up his hand and shook his head, closing his eyes, “In what world is that much money not actually that much money?”
“Just wanted to stand,” Cas answered, as Dean floated into his space. He held Dean’s float, forcing him to stop a few inches away.
“If — you can’t —,” Dean stopped to gather his thoughts. Cas felt a shiver run under his fingers. “We’ve only been here two hours. If you’re gonna do this all day I will
“Do you guys have your plans? Do you know where you’re going?” Michael asked, trying to keep his tone light.
It took a couple of minutes for his heart to settle down and get his breathing back under control. He pushed everything else aside in his head to keep himself present, in the moment.
Cas hesitated as he went to pick up the bag’s strap. He hadn’t ‘made up’ with his brother—he was still angry at everything. Michael seemed apologetic, but he still hadn’t said he was sorry for everything he put Cas and especially Dean through.
“Don’t you think we should at least free him from that hole?” Daniel asked, looking worried. Castiel shook his head, already turning away.
“Yeah — but things were different in the sixties and he and I parted. Next I heard from’im was he wrote me some twen’ney years later. He was sick, and dyin’.”
alone during the morning, but quickly learned that Jack preferred the short moment of alone time he could get during the day.
Indeed the fears of somehow not making it, or that the thing that would shatter their dream was lurking right around the corner, remained.
Dean didn’t have a chance to brace himself or indeed even soak up the relief and happiness of the moment. Every time he blinked his eyes it was a horror film that looped over and over.
Dean’s face already started to warm up with the anticipated hot seat he knew he and Cas would be shoved in once someone noticed their hands and decided to comment out loud. He could practically feel the building nerves radiating off of Cas with every step they took toward the room.
It used to bring comfort for Cas, thinking about rattling around that house on his own, no one to bother him or interfere with his life.
Dean shrugged the shirt off, hanging it on the hook next to him. Turning his back to Cas to slip out of his undershirt, he smiled when he heard a small, frustrated sigh.
A lazy tendril of heat wound its way down from the spot as another gust of wind lashed a wave of sleet against the window.
“Yes, I would like to attend, and thank you for offering the invitation,” Castiel clarified as they rounded the last aisle along the wall. “I have to make sure nothing is happening that night on my end, but if I can’t—”
“Well that’s that, which one first? This black one?” Dean asked, keeping his voice light, knowing that Cas wanted more but not wanting to give up the ground just yet.
A chill from the water already ran up through Dean—though he couldn’t be sure if it was also to do with the soft “fuck” that Cas uttered while hanging his head. Dean worked Cas slowly with his own hips moving more, sliding out and back in at an easy, leisurely pace. They learned the first time they did this that they couldn’t go too fast otherwise someone would slip and almost hit their chin on the window sill.
The drive back from the park had been awkward, but a little less tense. Hannah seemed satisfied enough with their small kiss while Cas wanted to scrub his mouth for an hour. He did say a silent prayer of thanks that his first kiss was with Dean and not on a park bench with melted ice cream and a girl he didn’t want to be with.
“Fresh air” to them didn’t mean a simple walk down the street to a nearby park, or just standing around outside the Bunker in ankle deep snow.
Cas moved back in, back out, worked the spot — used another hand to make up for the amount Cas didn’t cover with his mouth. He could, if he wanted, but this had to be fast.
“I’m sorry,” was all Dean could think of. And he was. Not just that Reynolds lost his partner, but the fact that the old man seemingly lived his life with this sadness tugged at Dean’s heartstrings. He wondered how much Reynolds was able to express that grief to anyone throughout his life.
Cas didn’t pick up the first time Dean decided he would only try more time and if Cas didn’t pick up, he’d leave it outside the door of the kitchen and text Cas it was there. If the guy was sleeping then he was sleeping and—
He wanted to say more, but restrained himself, keeping those thoughts inside for a more proper time.
As Dean laid in bed, Cas still tucked in behind him, he closed his eyes once more as his imagination took him into fuzzy, but surprisingly vivid dreams: glimpses of a potential future of lazy Sunday morning sunrises in bed; having a quiet breakfast at the table while Jack watched TV in the other room over his bowl of cereal; walking to and from the Roadhouse or into town on nice weather days; fixing up the barn, little by little—
“No,” Cas had nearly shouted as adrenaline caused him to shoot up from his chair, almost knocking it over. “I’m done with this conversation.”
“Seems I did enough for both of us,” he answered, as he took Cas’s hand and guided it down. At some point, Dean came all on his own. “Actually, probably not all me. You’re really hot when you swear just so you know. I’ll take a rain check, how’s that?” Dean flashed Cas with a toothy grin.
He didn’t know who Castiel was, who he knew, or what town he was from but the last thing he needed was a guest at a Charleston party knowing that a Winchester was embedded in the crowd.
In reality, Cas mused as he drove to Worthington, Michael never had power in the first place, only people who were willing to believe he did.
Cas stopped what he was doing and moved so he could look Dean directly, face illuminated by the fire and Christmas tree lights, emphasizing the brightness in his eyes
Not that the bunker would stop being home as well—Dean made a mental note early on to emphasize that should he ever muster up the balls to bring the idea up—but a different kind of home. It had felt like since Christmas, since that night at Glen Elder park where they laughed over their rings, since the following day where they told their friends where their future plans were taking them—that they’ve officially entered the next phase, whatever that phase was, of their life.
They sat there for another minute or two, some more coyotes sounding off in the distance before Cas dragged out his phone to check the time.
In an instant, Castiel saw the flash of fear and panic in Michael’s expression—except it wasn’t him. It was the face of the terrified, exorbitantly sad man who Michael couldn’t fully control. In that brief moment, Castiel saw eyes that went from fury and focused, to horrified, almost pleading for someone to intervene.
Benny didn’t look shocked when Dean divulged his plans, but Lee’s eyes had widened, looking either shocked or horrified—Dean didn’t care all that much.
The steadiness and confidence Cas built up as he worked Dean wobbled a bit, but Cas kept his focus. They passed by one hurdle with ease.
“Hey,” Dean said, backing his cart up and pushing it straight forwards so he was parallel with Castiel, “Sorry about that, man. Usually, I’m the only one in here during the day.”
Dean didn’t say anything else but pressed his mouth against Cas’s neck and then over to his lips in another slow and lazy kiss. With a slight twist of his hand, he snapped the tension deep within Cas. One of Cas’s hands shot out to support himself on the fence and another rested on the side of Dean’s face. He couldn’t help the moan that escaped his throat.
“Six to eight weeks,” Cas answered, grinning now, taking a step backward for everyone one step forward Dean took.
The first thing he did when he came home, two days before the party, was tell Michael that he wasn’t interested in becoming a priest anymore.
“Do you think we have a future?” Hannah asked, her voice cutting through Cas’s thoughts as he cleaned his hand off with a water bottle.
“Yessir, we. That’s Cas,” Dean nodded his head in Cas’s direction. Cas didn’t smile or wave or greet himself, instead choosing to stand on the front step to the porch, staring at the old man.
They both continued on with the investigation in silence with the occasional observation. The answer about the photo album wasn’t exactly a lie, because Dean
“Oh yeah, yeah—I got the story when I was a kid but didn’t remember it well,” Dean said, keeping his eyes on his cart, “You know, all the ‘they can’t be trusted, they’re backstabbers’ sort of shit. I didn’t pay attention that much growing up.”
Even in cool water, their bodies retained their warmth and Cas tried to control himself as Dean held onto the edge of the pool, pulling himself in. No fooling around. No games.
Cas didn’t grant Dean’s request at first, still wondering if he could win the third round of their game, and instead let his fingers explore. Dean inhaled and arched his back slightly and Cas couldn’t hold back his own smirk that time.
“I’m sure you two talked a lot about yourself that day,” Zachariah said, now looking directly at Cas, right in the eyes, the cold smile fully in place. “It’s always wonderful to see when two people have that kind of connection. You never know what kind of things come out on the first meeting.”
“I’m guessing you found something?” she asked, nodding her head toward the woman and the Michigan man.
The images began immediately as if Dean’s brain was happily reminding him that there was no chance in hell he will forget what happened any time soon.
It wouldn’t have been such a big deal if his brain did not keep trying to overthrow his wishes and stick Cas in where the mystery man would be. That’s what made it unbearable to think about.
Dean had commandeered Benny’s truck for the night (after bribing him with a free dinner and round of drinks) and drove them to their destination for the night. In the cab, fitted with a tall cover, a makeshift bed, the telescope, and a few things to eat or drink if they had the time.
it always had to be five in the morning, but once Jack had started doing it, it just became a well-known, comforting routine.
Castiel understood that Dean also blamed him for what happened because Castiel didn’t know how to say no.
Dean looked as well and sure enough, two color wheels sat in the corner with their plugs wrapped around them.
Dean reached out and ruffled Jack’s hair after depositing his dishes onto the table, and Cas watched as Jack smiled before reaching for the pancakes.
Cas rolled his eyes and leaned back in his chair. An unusual feeling of pure anger had started to bubble up.
The only other time they couldn’t wait until the end of the day while at the fair was their first time there together, nearly a year after Dean rescued Cas. They managed to maintain some sense of decorum since then, but Cas this year just couldn’t hold it back.
But in a way, giving Cas the key to Dean’s life, to his space, to his world, felt almost the same as giving him a ring to wear around his finger. It may not be obvious to folks around them, since you can’t wear a key on your finger, but the symbolism remained.
His brain was a mess, and it wasn’t helped by Michael, who came to him the following day with a proposition.
It was a little after midnight according to Dean’s working phone, and he had spent the last hour or so hiding in the back seat of his car, parked alongside the road, closer to the corn.
Dean didn’t prompt Cas to continue but just waited in silence for the explanation while he worked with the paint.
A smirk crept onto Cas’s face, fire sparking inside as Dean gently pushed him down onto the couch. For a moment, they were separated, and every nerve in Cas’s body combusted as Dean took his time climbing onto the couch as well, straddling Cas and finally drawing him back into another kiss.
“Vulcan mind meld, and I think this was pretty creative of us… so I’ll go with telepathy,” Dean said, taking the box back from Cas. He started to remove it from its little holder when he paused.
“Do you want to get some fresh air?” His voice stayed quiet, even though no one was around. Dean almost didn’t hear him. The words kickstarted a rapid heartbeat, temporarily causing ringing in his ears. He couldn’t open his mouth to say
So Cas on Monday, before their first date, decided to run to the post office. Tuesday, he took a trip to the dry cleaners and dropped off some of his clothes that weren’t actually dirty. Wednesday he ordered take out from the bar. Thursday, he decided to go grocery shopping.
A car, an ugly beige Bently that Cas had seen many times in the last month, had pulled into Mr. Johnson’s driveway, turning its headlights off. The faint light from the woman’s house next door provided little illumination, but they could still make out the slight contours of the man’s face as he walked by, stuffing something into his suit jacket.
“Yeah, no—yeah. I’ll go. I can ask to come in later tomorrow—or just call out sick,” Dean said, squeezing his eyes shut to try and block out those images his brain had crafted Friday night. Not right now. Not on the phone.
But when he looked up at Cas, he saw Cas staring right at him, all signs of playfulness gone. Dean had seen that look on Cas’s face several times already—and finally called the play.
Dean shrugged and sighed, “Well, she’s a black girl in a sea of rich, white, midwestern freaks so I’m sure it won’t take long.”
They already crossed the line a mile back, but now they officially were heading into the unknown. Dean didn’t want to push Cas to that place if there were doubts.
“They’re trying to run you out of town,” Cas finally said, watching the water reflect the sun at the bottom of the pool. He didn’t want to look at Dean’s face. “Michael had said when he first—when Hannah was brought into the mix that he was trying to do something with a development and stop her uncle from getting it—but I didn’t know until recently it meant your block.”
Cas put his phone back on the table and sighed with some relief. He hadn’t thought about it until they started laying out their timeline, but Cas had realized staying in a hotel wouldn’t be an option, not for a while. They could keep driving as far as they could in one night but they had to sleep at some point, and Cas didn’t trust that Michael would somehow follow them.
He also understood the underlying cause for Dean’s attitude: they had to finish installing the tub, fix faulty wiring in their bedroom, the lawn needed a mow, and Dean had been pouring over brainstorming plans for the barn and stressing over trying to make all of his ideas fit into one space.
“It’s just, you’re leaving,” he nodded in Dean’s direction, “I think the suspension on my car shit the bed, and I’m certain I’m a day away from being fired.”
The last thing Gabriel said to Cas to get out of the house, do something fun, anything to get him out of town for a few hours.
“All I know of arranged marriages is from those romance novels where the lady has money the dude wants or something,” Dean finished lamely.
“Get up here,” Dean said in a rough whisper. Cas leaned back and looked up at Dean’s face that had turned red between the heat around them and trying to keep his composure.
“It’s not, but just—I don’t really know where to start,” Dean said, annoyed at how nervous he sounded, even to himself. They don’t talk about these things.
He never wanted a day to go by where he didn’t see this wonderment on Cas’s face or curiosity or love or anything. Dean didn’t think he could simply move through life without it.
“Okay—before we go continue, there’s no need to call me Father or any of that mess,” Father Laurence—Joshua—said, waving his hand and leading Cas back down the aisle. “Makes me sound old and crusty.”
“When I told you that you were the first to know my—you know,” Dean started. “I lied. You were the third.”
It sounded lame as Cas said it, unable to fully articulate why he did it, or why he liked it, only just that in a finals week or when he had been feeling particularly homesick for a home he never actually wanted to return to, he’d take one of the telescopes and bring it to the roof. In relaying that story to Gabriel, Cas had been gifted one.
Dean smiled and leaned down over his cart, resting his elbows on the handle and grasping the metal sides.
Cas didn’t let go, not right away, making sure the job was truly done. A dull ringing filled Dean’s ears as he relaxed back against the pillows, watching Cas’s face now instead of his hand.
Dean quickened his pace to catch up with Cas as they made their way through a row of trailers parked up against the edge of the trees and perimeter fence.
The musical had been fine, not memorable, but fine. There, Cas felt that it was his turn to ask her if she wanted to go out to dinner that same night, following the show. She agreed.
Cas smiled and brought Dean in for another quick kiss, trying to make the moment stretch out just a little longer.
Dean nodded, “I guess so. I mean I guess Cas can walk away if he wants—but—I mean and even if it wasn’t legal, that man runs this town, you think anyone is gonna say ‘boo’?”
“I don’t want you scared and unhappy around me. You and I both know those are no lives to live,” Cas started, struggling to find the adequate words that reflected how badly he needed Dean to understand. “I don’t know how I can reassure you, other than you have my word that I would never turn out like Michael, or Lucas, or Gabriel, or my father. I wish I could fast forward in time and show you, but since I can’t, you’ll have to have some faith in me. You’ll have to trust me. If you can’t, then—”
“What I’m getting is that you’re not only afraid of winding up like your father,” Cas said, looking at Dean for confirmation. “You’re afraid I’ll turn into Michael, that I’ll treat you like that?”
Cas had smiled and sat down at his desk, continuing the conversation, watching the very last traces of summer sunlight vanish over the horizon.
Looking back up at the window as Dean felt the tension deepen within him, he saw Cas staring back at him in the reflection with unblinking intensity. But he struggled to keep his eyes fully open every time Dean moved his hips forward.
But Cas stood from his chair, and let his feet carry him not back home, but across the street to stand in line.
But one day, while Dean and Cas had Miracle for the weekend, he took the dog for a walk while Cas decided to sleep in.
He wanted to complain as Cas dropped his hands and leaned back on the bench against the wall, but Dean instead had to focus on his now slightly shaking hands trying to undo the buttons. Cas didn’t help. Just watched, eyes trained on each and every button Dean focused on. Dean thought about drawing it out; Cas had indicated he didn’t want it over and done with within a minute, but they also couldn’t spend the whole afternoon in there.
The desire to say those three words that Cas had been choking back for two days came… then went. Now wasn’t the time.
Cas, slow to open his eyes, nodded, “Let me tell Jack by himself first. I don’t want him confused with all the excitement.”
was when Dean threaded his hands in Cas’s hair and clenched his fist like Cas had done to him the other night. It was a small gesture, a small memory, but it pulled the right strings and snapped the tension inside Cas.
Trying to keep himself steady, Dean tried his best to focus on the task at hand and the plan he had laid out in his head earlier. He knew there was a possibility Cas wouldn’t have been there, so now he had to go inside and hope there was contact information for the priest.
The one thing he knew was that Cas could relate to all of it, if just on a slightly different level. Neither of them ever foresaw a good future for themselves on an individual level. But, that line of thinking abruptly changed once the dust settled and they were left standing there together, willing to finally embrace the truth.
Dean took a deep breath, looking back up at Cas who had the ghost of a sympathetic look on his face. He knew to reel it in, however. Dean had said once before that looks of pity made him feel even worse.
Castiel couldn’t do anything but brace himself as the Angel moved into him fully, encasing him in a burning sensation so severe, all sound completely left him and all lingering thoughts evaporated instantly. His entire being felt strapped to the surface of the sun as someone continued to throw wave after wave of additional fire over him.
He had always found comfort in Joshua when he was younger. On the weeks Cas had come home from school for vacation, he’d load Joshua up with all his problems that the rest of his family didn’t want to hear about. Cas hadn’t been home once since starting college, and now had seven years worth of problems to dump on the poor man.
“Cas, this is Benny, Lee, Charlie, and Stevie—the only people here that truly matter,” he said and winked. They all said hello, held up a hand, and Cas reciprocated.
Frowning, he tried to remember if he had any outstanding obligations that week. His teachers, and Michael, always scolded him for neglecting to write things down but Cas could never form the habit, not realizing that years into the future he’d be sitting on a couch in a hostile environment trying to set up a date with a man he wished was writhing underneath him, practically begging for—
“Got a point,” Dean said, removing it fully and putting it up on the hanger, “But you have to make it worth the price tag.”
Cas sighed, ripping out more weeds, his mind spinning and twisting every which way with Joshua’s words.
Cas leaned in once more to place another kiss just above Dean’s naval, eliciting that swooping feeling once more and sending another wave of shivers all over. Hands gently pulled his jeans down, just to get them started, and Dean regretfully pulled away from Cas to step out of them completely.
Castiel frowned as Daniel finally subdued Dean, grabbing him by his upper arm and pulling him over to the ledge. He had no idea how this one person, this frail person, was supposed to help them achieve anything. For a moment, as Daniel prepared to take off, Castiel wondered if they had retrieved the right person.
The walk home went quicker than the walk to the church after Cas left his bags behind on Joshua’s insistence.
Finally, you are angry at them. You’re angry they left, you’re angry they didn’t properly prepare you, you’re angry they tell you how much they loved you but you couldn’t say it back, because you never had practice doing so. You’re angry they left you in the middle of the ocean without a way to get back to shore, or at least to shallower waters.
As they all started eating their breakfast, Cas and Dean glanced at each other, trying to figure out silently who’d break the news. Dean eventually nudged Cas’s foot under the table and Cas glanced down to see Dean’s left hand clenched in his lap, a fist ready to go. Cas did the same and they both bounced them to the count of three.
In the three years he’s been in Kansas City, and in the two and a half years he’s been with Dean, Cas constantly found himself making excuses not to go, be it a crisis at work or some imaginary stomach bug. It was just because he wasn’t paying attention, and Dean had caught him off guard reminding him of the parade that year that Cas accidentally agreed to go.
“You go first,” he said, excitement growing on his face. The excitement caused Dean to smile, despite his nerves, and he nodded his head, unwrapping the neatly assembled package.
Dean laughed as he turned around to pick up the bags, “I should have figured. Make the tree pretty!”
“Lucas didn’t either—in case you didn’t realize. Michael didn’t want him running for mayor, figured it was too much of a power grab.”
“Don’t wish ill on someone like that,” Lee mumbled, taking a pack of beer out of the final paper bag and folding it up.
The fact he got to that point in a three week time period didn’t stun Dean all that much. It’s happened before. The only difference this time was that Cas wasn’t a woman, but why did that matter?
“Thinking about what?” Cas asked before depositing another kiss on the back of Dean’s neck as his hand began to travel down Dean’s side, fingers skating along too-sensitive skin. Dean couldn’t stop his back from arching slightly, trying both to get more and less of the touch.
The Civil War split them, according to historians, but there weren’t any additional details other than unsubstantiated claims. But, Dean figured local historians were more biased in saying the Charlestons provided the town with more prosperity than the Winchesters simply because the Charlestons donate a hefty sum of money every year to the Historical Society.
Cas sighed, and in the moonlight Dean could see the tension ease a little in his shoulders. In his slightly drunken state, Dean gave himself permission to appreciate the subtle shift between fire-light and moonlight affecting Cas in different ways.
“Was just looking for my girlfriend,” Dean explained but leaving out all the details, keeping his nerves on high alert so he could spring into action if need.
Cas thought he knew what to expect, he’s watched enough videos read some articles back in college; thought he knew what it’d feel like or sound like.
They lapsed into a silence similar to the grocery store as they walked. Nerves started to rise in Dean as it hit him that a Charleston would be on his property, at his home for the first time ever and it was decidedly much, much smaller and gritty than the life Castiel would be accustomed to. The man didn’t seem like the one who slammed the judgment hammer down, but still—
Michael left Cas alone as he packed up some extra stuff he couldn’t the other night. But as Cas walked into the library, he saw Michael sitting in an armchair by the window, pensive and lost.
“We haven’t seen all of it yet,” Cas said in response, backing out of the kitchen with a smile on his face.
Dean turned back to Reynolds whose face appeared almost childlike. Every line on his face formed by years of glaring and frowning seemed shallower as his expression opened up to something that appeared more like honest curiosity.
As they snaked their way through the crowd, Dean kept glancing back to be sure Cas was still close behind. When they got by the door, Cas got cut off by a gaggle of guys heading to the bar. Dean saw, stopped walking, and tried to walk back when a man standing nearly a half foot taller than Dean stood in front of him, blocking his path. Dean may not know exactly what kind of guy he’d be into, but as the man leered at him, Dean knew that it was
Still not giving Dean what he wanted, Cas turned him around to hold onto the door jamb. Cas ran a finger down from Dean’s lower back, able to watch this time as he teased Dean a little more.
“Does she know this is an arranged marriage or are you going to just let me tell her that, because I will,” Cas threatened.
It initially looked like almost the entire town showed up for the party but that would negate the fact that Michael hated most of the people in the town. No one looked familiar, leading Dean to believe most were from nearby suburbs.
Sam nodded to himself, acknowledging Dean’s explanation. They lapsed into another momentary silence and Dean hoped Cas didn’t wind up falling asleep waiting for him—
There were several pairs of eyes in that bunker that night but the holidays always dulled people’s perception, and Dean bet that the first one would be Eileen but that she wouldn’t notify anyone else or show any kind of reaction.
He had faith they would. The look in Dean’s eyes when they first walked through the door in July and the smile on his face when he turned and pulled Cas into his arms — the laughter that came from both of them as they realized they had a place of their own, with sunlight, with privacy, with a yard for the dog — all of that was enough for Cas to believe that once Dean felt most of the egregious problems were fixed, he’d settle down more.
“If John Winchester doesn’t break then we can always remedy that,” Michael explained as they approached the entrance. “There’s nothing that says we still can’t put Dean down there before he goes back to Earth, but let’s see how it plays out first.”
“My family invested money for me and Gabriel helped me move it to my own name when my father left. It just grew over the years.”
“So I guess—after that, we just kinda got by and there probably wasn’t a day where he didn’t get shit-faced by dinner time,” Dean stared at his hands on his lap.
All the breath left Cas as he froze, praying to God Michael didn’t decide to go over and read them. He didn’t think from that distance Michael could read the words, and in any case, he had changed Dean’s contact information to just have a car, disco ball, and fire emoji in its place. Just in case for situations like these—
“I’m Dean Wi—,” Dean stopped himself just in time. “My name’s Dean. And now I realize what happened.”
“What can I help you with, Cas?” Joshua asked, removing his cassock and hanging it up next to his desk.
Impatient, Cas’s hands found their way back down to the hem of Dean’s shirt, teasing it up while withdrawing from the kiss enough to only leave a trace sensation on his lips.
Dean looked up at Cas for a moment then laughed, and laughed, and couldn’t stop laughing as Cas took Dean’s ring box and held it up to his face for inspection.
Stomach whining for something, Cas opened the walk-in pantry and was happy to still see all the stupid junk food that Gabriel stashed like a chipmunk whenever he came home. Cas usually didn’t like all the high sugar and salt but needed
It really just came down to if Cas was scared to leave, or if he thought he could make it on his own without any help from his family or name.
Dean had only just moved out of his own apartment a month prior, just before Thanksgiving, finally saving up enough money for a house just outside of the city. It was small but secluded with the nearest neighbor not even visible through the trees.
“So you’re really okay with it all?” Dean asked, shoving the spoon in his mouth, “It’s okay if you’re not.”
Michael didn’t look all that messed up, nothing in comparison to Benny, but he was already forming a bruise on his jaw and his nose looked swollen and blooden.
Cas put down his cup and did what he was told, the two of them working in silence as the grill sizzled and people laughed and talked around them. Their silence didn’t usher in any awkwardness this time. It was comfortable.
But, to his mild surprise, Castiel smiled as he put another chip in his mouth. It was a slightly more committed smile, and just given the stress lines on his face, it was clear Castiel didn’t smile often.
“Looks good enough for me,” Dean shrugged and turned, nodding his head to the gate. “We’re over here.”
Benny wanted to close his eyes and rest for a minute, just a minute, just until the aching went away–
Dean started to inch closer and Cas wished he didn’t—not unless he wanted to get pinned against the pool wall.
Dean tried to bring his mind back to reality, to remember who he was standing next to. He had only met this guy three times now and he was a part of—
Cas, eyes widened slightly, reached in and gently lifted the key out of the box and ran a thumb over the engraved house number. He looked back up at Dean with sincere confusion on his face. Dean took a deep breath, trying to recall the half-formed speech in his head he created when first wrapping the key.
But then Cas had to go home; Cas had to be reminded of what reality awaited him, and that lie he didn’t know how to bring up, or when.
Pushing open the door, Cas stood by the farthest wall, next to a corner mirror, the small smile still on his face as the jackets hung next to him, an eyebrow slightly raised—expectant.
Dean suddenly put his hands up, paused, then slowly turned. He stood, with his hands still up in the air. Cas almost looked away, thinking about the bloodstain on the steps nearby, but forced himself to keep his eyes on the black and white screen.
The radio had stopped working as soon as they passed Hartford and into Springfield, but the Christmas music had been a pleasant distraction from his nerves while it lasted.
And it wasn’t so much the fact Dean was terrified of offering his home to Cas, away from nosy neighbors and landlords and theater patrons, but it was that it was so
Cas groaned a few moments later as fingers replaced tongue to draw out with tendrils of fire that had laid dormant over the course of the day. Dean liked to toy with Cas the more desperate Cas became, and despite all his efforts to contain it, Cas had a horrible sex poker face — as Dean once put it.
Dean kept his eyes down as he lifted Cas’s legs, hooking them over his shoulders to move in as deep as he could. Cas’s eyes closed as pleasure grabbed him, holding him tight.
Charlestons required caution; they required a special kind of walk and talk to not anger them—and if you did—
After their conversation, after Cas left that morning, Dean’s brain tried to sort through the mess as much as possible. It eventually came up with two conflicting problems, contradictory to each other:
Cas peeked through squinted eyes at Dean and laughed when he saw Dean’s face. Five minutes he’s been home and already Dean felt the familiar thrum of frenetic energy building in him. Under the bubbles, he moved his hand to feel himself already hard despite having only a few words and minimal contact with Cas.
There were three hundred and seventy dots on his ceiling that immediately surrounded the light. Cas counted them one by one beginning from the inside, circling outward. When Cas got to four hundred, he lost his place.
“Yeah—yeah just give me a sec,” Dean said, keeping his eyes closed. He shifted his hips a little, trying to relax, and Cas squeezed his eyes shut, trying to take short, shallow breaths.
“If you’re gonna leave a mark, make it lower this time,” he warned, remembering the frozen terror of Monday as Zachariah hauled him into the tv den.
That night, Dean kept all the lights on. He kept thinking about those men out in the open, completely exposed and uncaring whoever saw them.
Cas hesitated before he nudged Dean a little, causing him to take a step back. Instead of going straight for Dean, or his clothes, Cas reached past them both and shut the large lights in the room off, leaving only those by the bed on. It was a stark contrast to Dean’s environment Friday night when he wanted to feel as exposed as those men and to feel that same kind of raw energy that motivated them.
It took Cas and Dean only a moment to realize, as everyone carried on with their conversation, they didn’t figure out who would make the announcement, or when.
Cas sighed deep and floated a little closer to Dean. It was the whole reason why he wanted to come here in the first place. Dean didn’t move away which Cas took as a good sign.
He thought it would have happened with Lucas when scandal after scandal came to light when he ran for Mayor, but they somehow managed to make that an isolated incident.
“We both had the same idea,” Dean explained, putting the cookie tin back on the counter, “Same idea. Same idea even for the ring design too which was hilarious—same idea for timing as well for the most part—so all things considered, it was a joint effort. Though we didn’t know it at the time we bought the rings.”
“Michael’s really making you marry some poor girl just to keep them down a peg?” Gabriel asked, sounding disgusted.
Cas stopped right by the sofa, near the door Dean assumed led to their bedroom. He fake frowned, fake thinking it over. The faker.
Dean kept quiet but a grin bloomed on his face as he let go, instead holding onto the back of Cas’s legs, keeping him spread wide.
“Well — took me a while to even get to this point,” Dean said, “But it’s nice. It’s nice knowing they are only an arm’s reach away, or whenever I’m having a bad day they’re there — it’s really nothing different than living with a wife.”
“It’s telling everyone that we belong to each other. You belong to me, I belong to you,” Cas provided, and Dean nodded his confirmation. He realized how possessive it sounded but it was true, and they’ve said it in so many ways in various areas be it at the park or in the bedroom. This was just a tangible demonstration, fit for the world to see.
But the phone laid on the bed, beckoning him, and gently asking Cas to forget about church for now. He could go this Sunday; it was a problem for a different day.
Cas looked away, embarrassed, so he didn’t catch Dean’s disappointed face. Maybe once, a long time ago, it would have brought back fond memories. Cas argued with himself in his head, reminding the fearful part of him that the last memory he had of the place was Dean coming to him and getting him out of the Empty, so there was no reason to be all that nervous —
Dean classified it as an impulse buy, acting off of a dream he had several days prior—he didn’t have an exact plan or timeframe in which he was going to do it, and the thought of actually
Lifting his head, he glared at Dean with his face flushed, pupils blown out, and already breathing hard. They kissed again, unable to move apart anymore. The words were there for both of them
“I didn’t say anything because I didn’t even realize how much I wanted it until it happened,” Dean eventually said after a moment of silence. He looked back up at Sam who stared at him, waiting for him to continue.
At one point, back in the fall as they were falling asleep at Cas’s apartment (one of the rare times Dean wasn’t seen going in), Dean had asked how long he thought people “like them” had to keep looking over their shoulder. Cas, half asleep, mumbled something about “probably fifty or sixty years”, and Dean scoffed, trying immediately to stem the panic the surged inside him.
“I’m assuming by your face, I’m supposed to put on a fashion show,” Dean said, locking the door behind him after another last glance toward the entrance.
And now, as Dean drove, the radio turned to a station playing only Christmas songs, Glen Elder would soon mean much more to them than before.
A minute of silence passed between them as Cas attempted to finish eating the ice cream. He gave up almost as soon as he started and stood up to throw it away with Hannah’s words bouncing around in his head.
Despite saying rainbows were not something he was interested in earlier, Cas smiled at the image. He turned back to Dean who had a sleepy smile to match, reaching for Cas.
Holding him then, and holding him now, were two different experiences but Dean’s mind didn’t want him thinking that.
“As for the other thing, I don’t think it’s too fast at all. Is it common that two people move into a place after only a month? Not really. But you two seem to work together—“
Someone nearly bumped into Cas as he stood there taking in the scene and he moved out of the way as not to block the others who knew where they were going, what to do, who to talk to. Those who learned they had belonged here long before Cas did.
But now, sitting there and watching Cas work through his rocky course to his future play out on his face, Dean felt pity and sympathy. If Cas didn’t go through with Michael’s plans, their family would fail, and Cas would most likely suffer just knowing how Michael operated. If Cas went through with it to save his family—
Cas’s voice brought Dean back out of his thoughts and he realized he had been staring at Cas’s hands in his lap.
The night before Christmas Eve, Dean couldn’t sleep or even think about sleeping. He didn’t toss and turn much to avoid Cas asking what was wrong. Odds were that Dean wouldn’t keep his mouth shut if he were asked.
Dean’s front appeared slightly red in the sun, seemingly forgetting about sun lotion. One leg bent at the knee, causing one leg of the shorts to hang. Whatever preview they were trying to show became obstructed by shadow, but Cas could use his imagination.
The whole outfit drastically contrasted with Cas’s day-to-day attire, but after stating his concern, Dean only shrugged.
Little sleep came to them that night, preferring to express their love through actions, not words; pressed together, moving in sync with eyes for the first time not solely on each other, but on the gold bands wrapped around their fingers, catching the light every so often when they shifted on the bed, squeezing their hands with the slightest movement of hips or a mouth landed somewhere a little too sensitive.
It turned out Dean wasn’t too seriously injured, just had a broken collarbone and a gunshot wound but nothing that had actually put his life in danger. But it’d still take a while for him to heal.
Reynolds sniffed and spit on the ground next to him before going back to the engine. Dean could see what was wrong just from where he stood — the belt had snapped and it looked like the thing was leaking oil. He didn’t know how Reynolds couldn’t smell it, but figured at that age, maybe some senses faded away.
Dean hit the edge of the bed and fell off onto the floor, hitting his head on the corner of the bedside table. He watched as Cas faded from view while his own vision swam back into the black.
Cas sighed and lifted himself out of the chair, stretching his hands high into the air, trying to work out any muscles that stiffened while hunched in the chair. He watched, amused, as Dean lowered his eyes, catching the part where Cas’s shirt rode up a little.
“Yeah I’m okay,” Dean said, clearing his throat, answering the unspoken question, “Just trying to brace myself to be psychoanalysed by Sam whenever he figures it all out.”
Without another word, Dean pulled his shirt off over his head, tossed it onto the desk next to where Cas stood and headed to the bed.
“You think I have something in my pocket?” he asked, unable to stop looking at the ring box, wanting Cas to just
Dean walked down the carpeted hallway straight to the bathroom. There were three other rooms with their doors closed, Cas imagined two of them had belonged to Dean’s family, and the one at the end, perpendicular with the bathroom, was Dean’s. Cas only caught a glimpse inside before he heard Dean’s towel drop to the floor.
There will always be that part in the back of his mind, in that subconscious part that makes you second guess everything, that still thought he could turn around right now and finish what he had started in school, get back on the path he had set for himself.
He really just wanted to pull Cas back into their bedroom and wait until Christmas morning when hopefully their heads would be clearer.
“I’m from Worthington, just haven’t spent much time here. So you were expecting her to be in this kitchen?”
Dean groaned in frustration and turned around with that wild expression back, his eyes bright and face flushed.
They had continued to text each other over the course of a week and a half. They learned a little more about each other, like Dean’s real love of cooking, Cas’s love for strange Netflix shows, and the like.
Dean, annoyed at the loss of contact, leaned fully away and grabbed his shirt, pulling it fully off. Whether it was the heat from the day or of their activities, Cas smiled at how flushed Dean looked, breathing heavily, eyes darkened. Cas was certain a talk would happen — but hopefully not any time soon.
Sheriff Mills promptly came down, parked in Joshua’s driveway, and walked up around the corner, looking over at the steps with a frown on her face before settling her eyes on Cas.
“It’s been years but I don’t think I’m ever gonna get over the sight of you on your knees like that,” Dean whispered in Cas’s ear. A shiver ran all over Cas as Dean’s words mixed with the sensation of his hand. “Know what I’ve been thinking of for days now? That thing that’s in the drawer at home that I haven’t worn in a while.”
He wandered back into Joshua’s office and found him sitting at his desk, writing a letter. Joshua smiled up at him, expecting some good news, but it immediately dropped.
A shiver cascaded over Dean as he kept his eyes locked with Cas’, hands automatically going up to unbutton his shirt. He smirked when Cas' eyes widened slightly in anticipation, pupils visibly dilating even in the severe fluorescent lighting.
When he turned the corner and walked into the room, bright with the same mid-morning light, he saw Cas already pulling his shirt off, folding it, like he always did, and place it on the hamper.
Heat shot to Dean’s face, already warm from the fire, and hoped they were in the dark enough where Cas couldn’t see any flushed cheeks. Dean really had to learn to think before he spoke.
“That big guy who breathes through his mouth,” Michael said. “Benny I think his name is. Got rushed by a bum or something outside a bar and—“
He knew the way in by heart: Hop the fence on Hollow Way at the back end of the green, walk on the path between the 18th and 9th holes until he got to the fifth sand-trap, then duck into the little bank of trees until the camera swiveled the other way. It usually got stuck there for a few minutes if the humidity got too high. Once the coast was clear, rush to one of three maintenance sheds on the property. From there, walk along the narrow paved path out back that went from the clubhouse to the shed. There were three places to stop and hide from the cameras until they looked the other way, then, voilà, arrive at the back entrance to the clubhouse.
“I almost lived like you once,” Reynolds said next. It took Dean a moment to process what he meant. Lived like you as in “I almost lived with another man” instead of “I too hunted monsters, defeated God, and now in a relationship with a former angel of the Lord.”
That person who would usually steady you, or pull you to shore, was gone and won’t come back. You have to learn how to swim but it’s not working, and sometimes, your head goes underwater.
Dean opened his mouth, seemingly about to insist they just talk about it now, but to Cas’s relief, he didn’t press it. Cas didn’t want to have an argument in the middle of a crowd, because he was sure that’s what the conversation would devolve into. He loved Dean but sometimes if he thought he was right, Dean wouldn’t let something out of his teeth.
“But I could have stopped you,” Cas countered, “and I didn’t. But that’s why I said the other night—”
“I have to tell you something,” Cas confessed, looking back up at Dean who remained still and quiet.
“I don’t know what Michael will do to Dean or the Grays if I’m not there,” Cas said, his biggest fear now out in the open.
Dean winced at the question. It sounded like they just happily threw Cas onto the fire and decided to not even try to rescue him from wherever he went.
“I don’t know—I guess we didn’t really think about that,” Sam explained, “To me, the fear of not being able to see her for probably the rest of my life outweighed any other consequence. I know it sounds—very stupid but I just kinda went with what I felt was right.”
Just like Cas predicted, Dean’s face lit up as they entered the fairgrounds, and his attitude melted away.
“Setting the mood?” he asked as Cas moved over to the desk and kicked off his shoes. He glanced over at Dean, and Dean could still see the nerves in his eyes. Cas looked more confident than before, but Dean knew that look. It was the “what if” look.
are you doing here?” Michael barked, moving toward the table in a rush. Castiel shot an arm out and held Michael and Dean moved only a few inches, ready to spring into action to try and run out unscathed.
They’d spent the rest of the night after Cas’s date at T. Fitzgeral’s talking about their day, Dean clearly trying to steer the conversation away from the date, asking more about the food and how good the movie was instead of about Hannah. Cas figured it was Dean’s way of helping to take Cas’s mind off of the inevitable, even if it was just for a moment.
There was nothing in their way of living life out together in that small little cabin in the small little town.
Cas took it and wiped his hand—they’d have to find a bathroom after this—and stared at Dean with a small smile on this face.
“If you have faith in him, you have to trust he will make the decision that would make him the happiest as well—and trust that he will realize his faith in you.”
They drove home in silence with Dean trying to ease the adrenaline back down, as his mind kept replaying the scene over in his head, and eventually sticking on Castiel’s expression throughout the entire exchange. It wasn’t just frustration. It had looked like complete and utter contempt.
Dean swallowed hard as he got out of the car. He didn’t slam the door closed, not wanting to wake the neighbors, and wandered up shallow stone steps to the side porch door, getting the tools ready.
Zachariah arrived just after 8:30 and Cas sat bolt upright in the armchair in Michael’s study, listening to the men greet each other.
Confused, happy, and tired, Dean turned and went inside, crawling into bed smelling like smoke and summertime, not bothering to change his clothes as he dreamed of beaches, cottages, and long, nighttime talks.
Every sensation magnified by ten as Cas moved, every sound echoed in his head—heat raced through him, trying to find a release.
Sam had been working out a secret plan with his girlfriend of three months, Jessica, who was facing a bleak future of a Catholic university and the desire of her parents to become a good, blonde, dutiful housewife. Dean liked Jessica the one or two times he had met her. Sam didn’t like to bring her around the house that much, and Dean couldn’t blame him.
Taking a deep breath, Cas lowered himself down again, hands returning to Dean’s hair as he smiled to himself.
Could he pull off marriage to a woman he’d meet for the first time on Saturday? Could he pull off marriage at all?
The first thing they always did was steer to the right and get a massive, hand-raised donut the size of their face. The thing, covered in sugar, took the two of them to eat. But last year, Cas went back for another and devoured it before Dean could finish his ice cream. Dean still didn’t let Cas live it down.
Reynolds stopped his movements and looked up in a moment of clarity before shooting a glare in Dean’s direction. Dean tried his hardest to keep a smirk off his face.
Dean crossed his arms, watching as Castiel played with a chip, “I thought this was a fourth of July party?”
Dean often countered that argument with the undisputed fact that his own family also founded the town.
Dean swallowed hard and nodded his head in acknowledgment. Kneeling in front of the fireplace, he began giving Cas instructions on what he’d need.
At first, Cas was happy to see Dean had his own room—but as his eyes fell onto the handcuffs securing an unconscious Dean to the bed, his heart sank.
“Yes, I do,” Cas confirmed, quiet, but the small smile returned to his face. He tore off a corner of the packet and worked the lube onto his fingers.
“You don’t know her?” Dean frowned, confused. Her family was well established in the town and she was well-liked by mostly everyone. “That’s hard to believe unless you’re not from here.”
Both families had farms; both families sent word back to other friends and family; both had helped in growing the area’s population.
“You’re missing the show,” Cas mumbled, refusing to turn and look at Dean, to see the disappointment.
“Well—nevermind then, that fantasy lasted two seconds,” Dean said, dropping the sleeve. He flashed a small smile at Cas trying to hide the surprising shock of disappointment, turned, and wandered further into the formal section. Cas followed him as a long-forgotten ‘90s pop song echoed dully throughout the floor. Glancing around, Dean saw no other staff around them. The place had an eerie vibe to it, hearing the crowd out in the corridors but being utterly, utterly alone on that floor.
That image, once at the forefront of his mind, completely collapsed when Dean picked Cas up at his apartment that afternoon. Cas greeted Dean with enthusiasm but knowing to hold back on the physical welcome until they were out of the view of wandering eyes. No matter the level of excitement Cas had, Dean could sense the hesitancy.
Dean still sat straddling Cas with a devilish smirk on his face, holding a canister of multi-colored face paint in one hand along with a small paintbrush.
Dean being there, saying nothing as Cas took his time was also a red flag. They didn't want to go out there just yet.
His brother, Sam, was the only other person Dean knew that went to college. Another prestigious school, another prestigious career. But, they hadn’t spoken since Sam flew the coop two years ago, so Dean never had his curiosity settled.
The windows stood perpendicular to each other in the corner where the tub nestled into—low enough for Dean to see outside, but mostly just the top half of trees and the gray, murky sky. Birds still insisted on making noise despite the lack of cheerful weather. Their tunes lulled Dean into a shallow nap, closing his eyes while the warmth spread deep into him.
“Do you want me to fuck you? Is that it? Is that what you want me to say?” Cas whispered in Dean’s ear, trying to get past how crass it sounded. Some things were hard to unlearn.
