He remembers the night they’d spent together, just before Cas had left. How they’d pressed their hands together in a mimicry of the bond they would be able to create in just a few years, once they became of age.
Once they’ve parked, they walk the last block to the museum, coat collars turned up against the cold night air. Cas takes Dean’s hand when their knuckles bump as they walk, and Dean gives him a little squeeze of reassurance. They don’t talk much, but the silence is a comfortable one, and the point of contact between them soothes Castiel more than any words could.
Naomi’s knuckles are turning white where she has her hands folded on the desk in front of her. When she speaks, her voice is terse and tight. “You are walking a fine line, Castiel. Don’t make me regret all that I have done for you in these past years with your impertinent behaviour.”
Cas doesn’t bring his wings out into the material plane very often. It’s usually only for special occasions, and honestly, Dean is kinda flattered that Cas loves him enough to bring them out just to cheer him up. It always works, and when Cas sinks down into the couch with ink-dark feathers sprawled everywhere, Dean is quick to follow, He slots himself in against Castiel’s chest and tucks his head against Cas’s shoulder, humming quietly under his breath when the softness of Cas’s wings embraces him.
He could, he knows that, and it’s a kind offer, but…
Dean watches as one otter comes right up into the shallows, blinking up at them. It’s not as large as some of the bigger ones—a baby, perhaps—but it seems curious about them. He feels Cas smile against his skin.
They fight like it’s a dance, almost able to
A shadow passes overhead, but Dean doesn’t look up, just smiles as the crow settles onto the ground beside him. There’s a breath of wind, and then Cas is leaning against him, shoulder to shoulder. They share a tired smile, and their hands find each other, fingers intertwining despite the dirt.
, Dean is so goddamned lucky, and such a fucking fool for being so afraid for so long.
“You are looking,” Castiel tells him, grinning from ear to ear, “at the new collections manager.”
For the first time in his life, when Dean hears of the pride march taking place in KC, he doesn’t head in the opposite direction. Instead, he
, Castiel thinks to himself, and then he follows Dean down onto the bed, slotting himself over Dean and holding himself up on his elbows as he presses another kiss to Dean’s lips.
They fall into step, side-by-side, and Dean gives Castiel a slow, happy smile that feels like warm syrup in Cas’s head.
Castiel stays at his desk for another ten minutes, just focusing on calming himself down as he runs through his end-of-work-day routine, then packs his bag and hightails it out of the building. It’s dark outside now, and he pulls down the sleeves of his coat and hunches his shoulders as he makes his way through the crowds of people either on their way home as well, or going out for the night. He’s giving off a definite ‘don’t talk to me’ vibe, and he’s fine with that.
“Never met a Wendigo,” Dean says casually, his words breaking the silence. “Would be interesting though. I’d like to see how my ‘wings and powers’ would stack up against it.”
. It means
But this is Castiel’s purpose. He’d known this was coming, and now that it’s here, he has to be strong. As much as he wishes he could look away, and just let it
Anyway, it doesn’t matter. “You’re trespassing,” he tells the man, clear and firm as he takes a step back. “If you don’t leave, I’ll have to call the police. I’m not interested in whatever you’re here for—whatever you want me to help you steal.”
Dean pauses halfway up the slope and turns to face Castiel, his brows furrowed in concern. “That’s really how you felt?” he asks, and honestly, the question surprises Castiel a little.
When the fingers withdraw, Dean gets a moment of reprieve from the sensory onslaught. He gasps against the mattress, releases his white-knuckled grip on the sheets. The bed shifts as Cas moves, pulling his shirt over his head and tossing it aside. There’s the sound of a fly unzipping, a rustling as Cas divests himself of the rest of his clothes, and then there’s a cock, hot and hard and glorious, sliding against the cleft of his ass.
They stand there for a long minute, Dean’s chest rising against Castiel’s back, Cas’s fingers outstretched beneath the water to check its temperature.
Either way, he’s intrigued.
“Connect it up!” he orders, his adrenaline running too high to be polite about it as he jumps out and opens up the hood of his speeder to reveal the engines and circuitry beneath. Together, they work to disconnect the old battery and wire in the new one, the cylinder glowing serenely amongst all the rest of the Impxla’s hardware. When Dean slams the hood back down, it’s with the blossoming hope in his chest that he might actually still win this thing.
They share a look, and when Dean sighs like the weight of the world is on his shoulders, Cas gives him a gentle nudge with his elbow.
“I have heard a lot about you, Castiel.”
The sirens are closer now. “Come on, let’s get out of here,” he says to Dean, who nods shakily.
A person has to be a little selfish every once in a while. And it’s been so many years since he even had the
After that, he's ushered into his outfit—the showiest version of a tunic and armour he's ever had to wear, complete with an even more decadent version of his usual crown.
Sam gets out of the driver’s side of the Impala, dressed in a black suit. Even from here, Castiel can see that his eyes are red-rimmed, and his hands shake as he pockets the keys to the Impala—his now, surely. Dean would have wanted him to have it.
There’s nothing but a towel wrapped around Dean’s hips, and he grins unabashedly as Castiel feels his cheeks heat, crossing the few steps to where his coffee is waiting and picking up the mug. “Thanks,” Dean says, grin fading to a smile as he sips at the hot liquid. “Feeling a bit better now?”
"IgotaletterbackandIneedyoutohelpmewriteagoodreply!" he tells his tutor breathlessly, brandishing the letter he'd received this morning in his hand.
They land hard, and Castiel still gets the wind knocked out of him, but he’s somewhat cushioned by the body beneath him and the cocoon of wings wrapped protectively around his body. For a second, he just lies there, catching his breath and trying not to panic by focusing on the rapid thud of the heartbeat beneath his ear.
He does still like to keep some of the things he’s found and read in his house, for a variety of reasons. Some have sentimental value, some he went to great efforts to find and subsequently steal from his less-than-ethical-ex-employers, and others… well, they just tell some truly incredible stories.
But unless the old coot is starting to go senile, he's usually pretty good at knowing the names of all the students in the school, even if it's just so that he can keep track of which students deserve detention and which ones don't but that he wishes he could punish anyway.
The knight of Eden appears in his field of vision, and Dean gives him a wry smile as he accepts the offered hand and lets his opponent pull him to his feet. “Well done, Cas,” he says, reaching up to pull his helmet all the way off.
“Is that… still something you would be interested in?”
, some of them—from every imaginable planet and galaxy have found their home here, in a vast array of dialects and appearances and cultures. It is not a peaceful area by far, but it is governed by unspoken laws and centuries-old agreements…
“What’s your name?”
“Fuck,” Dean says, still grinning, “you have no idea how happy I am to hear that. I hated seeing you struggling and not being able to help, and I can’t wait to show you everything that a good Dom/sub relationship can be. It can be whatever we want it to, whatever suits us, and I’m really fucking looking forward to figuring that out.”
“I went after him because—“ he starts, but he never gets a chance to finish.
He’s never really considered ever getting a tattoo—has never fully seen the appeal—but with this new possibility that may have presented itself…
He’s expecting a sharp, acidic response—but he doesn’t get one. Instead, her eyes narrow, and she holds his gaze for a few long seconds. As though she’s searching for something.
And it all falls into place.
The camp is a maze of tents that Dean is too tired to remember the exact layout of, but he does his best to keep up with the messenger, who clearly knows the camp inside and out and keeps sending Dean impatient looks over his shoulder. He tries not to roll his eyes and picks up the pace, feeling his heart double-beat in his chest as they emerge into the open space in front of the king’s tent.
This is where even more of Dean’s personality shines through—his collection of records, his books, the variety of relics and knickknacks on his shelves. It almost feels as though Castiel is intruding upon Dean’s space, but he has to remind himself,
, he thinks.
He looks beautiful there, in the semi-darkness of the night, propped up on his elbows and looking up at Castiel as though he’s the most important person in the world.
In the end, he gets five.
Dean is doing a very good job at keeping his anger under wraps, but Castiel can feel it in him as they stand up from their chairs.
“How did you get Sam back?” Cas had been curious since he had showed up in his booth with the lifted weight of someone who had been given back something they thought they lost. Dean’s eyes lit up and he threw himself into retelling why he had spent a year away from Castiel. How he got his brother back and has been busy dealing with the consequential aftermath of doing so. Castiel grabbed both of their empty cups and set them on his dresser across the way. Castiel listened with rapt attention as Dean told him of all things he had experienced while on the road. How happy he was to have his brother back. How he was glad to finally be able to take a break and spend some time with Bobby and his brother.
“Cas,” he chokes out, and Cas’s hands grip the meat of his ass, kneading it lazily as he slides his cock back and forth across Dean’s lube-wet hole.
"Novak!" He smacks his hands down on Castiel's countertop, who looks up at him with wide eyes from the vegetables he's chopping.
And, to an extent, they do. He sees Dean more, texts him more,
And then Castiel’s car breaks down.
Castiel feels numb. Hollow. His whole world has changed, and it could be enough to tear him apart.
this is a short chapter, but an important chapter. thank you, as always, to
And so, late on a Friday evening, Castiel holsters his pistol beneath his jacket and makes his way down to the docks.
But Sam can’t stay forever. They sort out John’s belongings, and Sam helps get him settled into the too-empty house once he’s released from hospital, but then he leaves to go back to his studies, and for the first time in his life, Dean is
Eventually, Dean shifts, looking down at his feet. Castiel glances over at him, waiting, patient.
Castiel should say no. He
Inias laughs and sets the bag down on the coffee table, beside the tequila. “Touché, my friend. We’re drinking hard tonight, are we? What’s the occasion?”
Dean is tied to one of the poles supporting the pier, thick ropes encircling his chest and his legs. There’s a cloth between his teeth and tied around his head, keeping him from calling out properly, but the most alarming part is the water that is lapping at his chest and getting slowly but steadily higher.
Castiel’s pulse beats like a drum in his ears. He already has? What the
His hand goes to the grip of his gun, and he waits as the motorbike approaches, his whole body tense and ready for whatever is about to happen. The roar of its engine gets louder and louder, until finally, it appears around the corner.
At first, he thinks Dean is just late, but as he waits by the arcade games for him to show up, the hours passing one by one, the pit in his stomach grows.
“Stop! Stop, stop here, please.”
All he can think about is Dean, and the colour
He doesn't particularly want to get dressed straight away, because as soon as he is, they'll have to go down to dinner, and so he starts having a brief look around Castiel's room instead. It's much less fancy than all the other rooms Dean has seen in the palace, and the few items he does have in here—bed, dresser, wardrobe, desk—all seem like they're built for practicality over elegance. Dean can get on board with that.
The raven looks down at it, then back at Dean—but instead of looking at his face, he’s focused on something else. Something lower.
Until his tutor had set him up with a pen pal.
It’s quiet and domestic and not at all like the life they’ve led before—Dean for fifty years and Castiel for countless millennia—but finally, they have something that’s
“So, Winchester, huh?”
When Dean had moved out here, he hadn’t expected to make friends.
“Do you like it?” Dean prompts gently, after Castiel has been silent for a little while.
Cas is staring at him like a deer in the headlights now. He looks out to the horizon, where they can see a funnel beginning to take shape, then back at Dean. In a second, Dean sees his resolve firm; sees him make his decision.
They’re training together again today, wrapped hands guarding their faces as they each try to gain an advantage. Dean feints in close, but Castiel sidesteps it neatly.
It has to be here for a reason. It might be a trap, but having woken up on the ground with no Dean, no guards, and no amulet…
When he wakes in the morning, the early rays of sunlight are beginning to filter in through the window, and the bed beside him is warm but empty.
“So, uh… we just not gonna talk about last night? At all?” he asks, when Castiel meets his gaze. There’s a look behind his eyes that Castiel can’t decipher.
None of them visit
Castiel pauses in his slicing of tomatoes and sets his knife down, then moves over to the cupboards beside the stove’s rangehood. “They’re up here,” he points out, opening the doors to show an assortment of pots and pans.
Thankfully, Castiel isn’t, otherwise it would have been an awkward food choice on Dean’s part. He shakes his head, and a tiny smile curls his lips as he watches Dean’s shoulder slump in relief.
But now isn’t the time to be thinking about it. Now, he needs to water his plants, go through his morning yoga routine, and make himself breakfast—not to mention shower, and pick out his clothes, and make sure everything he might need for the day is packed safely into his work bag. It’s quite the little routine, and all in all, it keeps him busy right up until he steps out the front door of his apartment.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Heard a rumour that you’re taking Castiel Novak to prom.” He and his friends laugh, sharp and mocking.
“Fuck,” Dean gasps out, but instead of succumbing to the dominance of Castiel’s hand, he lets his head hang, harshening Castiel’s grip on his hair. Again, there’s that smirk, and his gaze never leaves Castiel’s, those green eyes full of mystery and seduction and questions that Castiel desperately wants answered.
about him that Castiel can’t place.
, his heart aches. How has this man done such a number on him already?
find a sub to dom to rebalance herself, you know? So it just… didn’t work.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He smiles back at Dean in return, and together, they watch the rain.
What is he meant to write? He's never had to make friends like this before, and the idea of doing so is a little intimidating.
It could still be some random civilian driving past, just slowing down to have a look at the guy who’s pulled over on the side of the road. Dean stares straight at that black visor, willing them to keep driving.
It’s the summer, and Dean and Castiel are on the open road, windows rolled down and empty highway stretching out ahead for miles. In a rare moment of weakness, when Castiel had asked if he could drive for a little while, Dean had said yes. He looks gorgeous behind the wheel—sleeves rolled up, hair tousled by the breeze, blue eyes fixed on the road and lips curled in a half-smile.
They’ve got their own small apartment, so it’s not like they’re putting a whole dorm of students at risk, but since they live in such close conditions, Dean doesn’t get a choice. He’s now a risk to the community, which means he gets the official job of looking after Cas.
It’s clear what he’s looking for: the big case in the middle of the room, walled in glass and braced by steel, with a velvet cushion sitting directly in the centre. There’s a heavy padlock hanging from the front of the case, but that’s not Dean’s biggest concern right now.
Still, the itch rises beneath Dean’s skin again.
And then the man growls out, “Are you fucking stupid?” and the spell is broken. Dean shakes his head to clear it and props himself up on his elbows.
The feeling of Cas’s lips, the touch of his hands over Dean’s clothes and against his skin…
There are billions of people down there, and Castiel gets to watch the light touch every single one of them.
, he tells himself as they load his coffin onto the wagon bound for Kansas,
By the time the session is finished, Dean seems quieter, a little crestfallen. When he sits back and stretches, he watches Castiel for a long moment, with a gaze that seems to pierce through Castiel’s defenses. The silence stretches out between them; to break it, Castiel looks down at his arm, and his breath catches.
“Then I got home to a notice slipped under my door that the lease on my apartment is up, and they won’t be renewing it. They want me out so that they can scale up the rent, which is fucking bullshit. I mean, it was a bit of a shitty apartment, but it was
Now that Dean is seated, Novak sits down as well, resting his clasped hands on his desk. He doesn’t fidget or look away, and there aren’t any physical tells that he can see, but Dean begins to get the niggling feeling in his gut that something is wrong.
to it that Castiel usually doesn’t hear until about an hour into one of their scenes. “It—you gotta—I don’t know how to feel, though. I want to feel what this means to you, Cas. I know what it means to me, but I want to
And to Dean’s kiss.
, gasping his pleasure into the night air.
Dean takes a deep breath, then exhales it shakily. “He said you were bad. That we couldn’t go back there, not until you were gone.”
"Dad—
There’s a knock on his door.
And then the raven’s words truly sink in, and Dean frowns, turning back towards him. “Wait—how did you know I haven’t danced with anyone? Have you been watching me?”
The chat bursts into activity, and Dean grins as he settles back on the bed. “Nice to know you’re all happy to see me,” he tells his viewers, shooting the camera a quick wink. “I’ve got something special planned for today. It’s pretty self-indulgent, honestly, but… I think you’re gonna like it.”
When the man asks him who he is and where he’s going, Castiel still says he doesn’t know. But this time, when he’s offered a lift, he says yes.
Castiel has felt lonely a lot, in his existence. It’s impossible not to, as he spends his days invisible to most, and it
“Dean,” he breathes, his eyes brimming with tears, and if anything, that familiar grin only widens.
Tawny-gold and speckled with white, they put Castiel’s black feathers to shame, and he wishes so badly that he had more impressive plumage to court Dean with. There’s not even any use in trying—no angel would choose someone with black wings. And so courting season comes, and he watches from afar as Dean rejects suitor after suitor.
“Sorry, Novak,” he mutters, reading the name on the handle of the closest umbrella he grabs. “I’ll have it back in a sec, I promise.”
Why hasn’t he gone there? Why is he still stuck here, where no one can see him or touch him save for other spirits?
Dean’s breath hitches. “Yes,
After that, Castiel hadn’t tried reading any more books. He knows what they’ll say.
“Wouldn’t you, if you were trapped in the same spot with hardly anyone to talk to for over a hundred years?”
, deep inside. “It’s okay,” he says, even though it’s not okay. It’s
Then reaches out and tips the contents of the glass over the railing of the balcony.
Dean, a stable boy, falls in love with a prince.
In the mornings, one of Dean’s favourite things to do is to just hang out in his shop, drink his coffee, and enjoy the company of his plants in the little while he has to himself before he has to open. It’s peaceful, and calm, and always helps him to start his day off on the right foot. Not that his job is usually very stressful—he enjoys helping people find their perfect plants, or spending most of the day pruning and potting and watering—but it’s always just a
Of Cas.
Dean finds himself wondering.
But there’s nothing
Castiel presses his thumbs into Dean’s thighs and smirks up at him—a warning. A reminder. “You what?” he asks innocently, and Dean groans, long and low.
,” he says pointedly, after Dean’s face lights up at the mention of Netflix and his lips form around the beginning of what was surely a
Charlie's voice carries across the kitchen—it's more quiet than it had been earlier, with most people off to lunch, so at least she's the only one who suspects he's up to something. And out of all his co-workers and fellow food editors, she's the one who will be most on board with his idea.
Even though he’s had Dean’s mouth on his cock not even an hour ago, this—pulling out a spare pair of boxer shorts, dressing with elbows bumping and the exchanging of shy smiles—it feels so much more intimate. It’s one thing to hook up with someone, but quite another to invite them to bed for the sole purpose of
he heard her say that, but he has to double check.
he thinks, and
been doing that.
the tea is usually quite a process, which is why, every morning, he makes his way down to the kitchen in a bathrobe and pair of fuzzy slippers, blinking blearily at the world and wishing he were still in bed. For anyone else, the journey from bed to kitchen in
And then he disappears in the direction of the kitchen.
It’s easy to lose track of time, living on the farm. He measures it in the intermittent calls he gets from Bobby and Sam, in the growth of his beard before he shaves it, and in the way his crops continue to reach up towards the sky. Before he knows it, the majority of them are ready to harvest—
(See the end of the chapter for
Now that it's all out, Dean doesn't know what to do with the letter. He reads over the start again—
Just one. That's all Dean asks.
And there’s Cas.
, can’t sit still, can’t focus on anything, not even work or running or cleaning every fucking inch of his apartment until it’s gleaming. This is the worst he’s ever been, and he knows that. He’s smart enough to recognize it, even if he doesn’t want to accept what the books tried to tell him way back when he started feeling this way.
Castiel just
how to do this? How do they figure out what they like?
“I’m Deacon Neil.” The man turned briefly to give Castiel a glance back before leading him back towards the chancel. “We were expecting you earlier, but the lord works in mysterious ways.” Castiel gave a small grin at that and he finally noticed they were walking towards a man standing beside the lectern. He was looking back at the chancel but turned around as Castiel and Neil approached.
“Those who seek vengeance ought dig two graves.” He could see Dean move his head in response, probably a nod.
“Are you alright?” Castiel wanted to laugh in his face. He wanted to yell. He wanted to hug him. All of these things conflicted with one another as he sat on his knees, rosary leaving marks in his skin. The thunder was deafening as it rolled overhead and shook the foundations of the church. The light from the fire had gone down to mere embers.
“We’re from the FBI. Are your parents’ home?” He held out his badge and the little boy’s eyes grew wider. He shook his head. “Do you mind if we come in and check out your house and ask you a few questions?” The little boy shuffled his feet.
“We didn’t get rid of the old bastard. There must be something there keeping him to the house.” Dean got his shoes on and grabbed his keys and Cas’ coat and ran to the Impala. Cas followed and got in the passenger seat. They drove to the house in five minutes. Dean grabbed a shotgun with rock salt shells and walked into the house. Cas had lighters, salt, and matches on him. Dean saw the door was open and he carefully stepped inside. Cas close on his heels. When he walked inside, he closed the door and looked at the scene before him. Blood pooled in the hallway under the little boy’s body. Cas felt his heart break for the child. Caleb looked mutilated beyond repair. Dean tensed and moved to look around the house. He saw Danny and Carey sitting at the island in the kitchen drinking alcohol. They looked back at Dean and Cas and their eyes went black.
“I’d like to know so I know if I can take my time now or later.” By now Cas had three fingers in him and was making slow drags that were thrilling, but not exactly what Dean needed, and Cas knew it. Dean panted as his brain tried to come up with a response.
“Show me a good time, eh?” A quiet laugh sounded from the other side of the phone.
Dean flicked his tongue a few times over the tip of Cas’ cock and when the angel opened his eyes, they were simmering blue the same way he had seen when the angel was powering up. The sight alone had his dick rock hard and straining for attention. He resisted the urge to reach down and rub at himself, but instead he was entirely focused in keeping a steady rhythm to help his angel cum. Dean could feel how tense Cas was becoming and he removed his fist on his dick and from Castiel’s balls to put them on his hips as Dean managed to slowly swallow down all of Castiel. There was a soft nudge in the back of his throat, and he could taste the precum on his tongue as he started to hollow out his cheeks and used his tongue to encircle Castiel’s cock inside his mouth. Dean watched from his position as Castiel threw his head back, eyes shining bright blue and Dean thought for sure he could hear the faint ruffle of feathers around him.
A chill shot down Castiel’s spine. He remembered what Caleb had said about the boy.
“But what about – “He didn’t finish before Cas appeared in the back seat. “But my husband! What if he comes home?” Dean tells the man to call his husband and tell him to meet them at the motel that they are staying at. The man frantically does. Cas holds Caleb in the back seat as the little boy cries in fear. Dean sees them in the rear-view mirror. Cas whispers reassuring words in Caleb’s ear, but Dean can’t make out the words. Dean looks back at the road and they hurry to the motel. A calmed down father and asleep Caleb enter the motel room. Cas carrying Caleb close to him. Within ten minutes there is loud banging on the door and Dean opens it to see a tall man with a scar running along his cheek bone.
“Why don’t you call them? At least tell them you’re still alive.” Dean didn’t answer. But his grip did tighten on the steering wheel. “Dean….” Cas trailed off. When Dean didn’t do anything, but lock his jaw, Cas reached over and gently removed one of his hands from the steering wheel. He slipped the phone in Dean’s hand and Dean softened a little. He looked over at Cas with a blank gaze. Cas continued to hold Dean’s hand as they drove on.
Dean went over to his bed and dragged off the sheets. He saw Cas’ shivering body and threw caution to the wind. He had the blankets wrapped around his shoulders as he walked to the cough. Dean stood with the blankets, looking for the best plan of execution before he laid his whole body on Cas’. Dean made sure the blankets completely covered Cas. Dean wrapped his arms, with the blanket in hand, around Cas. After a few minutes Cas stopped shivering and made a content noise. He relaxed and nuzzled his nose in Dean’s arm.
“Cas.” The body before him didn’t move. “Cas!” Dean’s voice was stern, as if on command the angel would rise up and look at him with those brilliant blue eyes, the ones that always managed to look right into Dean’s soul. “Cas!” It was more of a whine now. Somehow that would get Castiel to stand and reassure Dean that everything will be alright. The fallen angel would hold Dean and with his gruff voice keep Dean calm. That wasn’t going to happen. Those blue eyes would shine no more. Dean would no longer hear that gruff voice; there would no longer be surprise visits and violations of his personal space. Dean yelled and hit his fist against the ground. Sam let go of his brother and quietly creeped out of the room, they were still threatened by the Inugami; Dean ran his hands through his hair and tears poured out of his eyes onto the fragments of concrete beneath him. The concrete was dark from the tear stains. Dean looked at Cas’ serene face. He was so calm it almost made Dean angrier. His stupid angel had to go and get himself killed. He always had to do something like this, and this time Dean knew he wouldn’t get his angel back. Something in his heart said ‘you’ve run out of chances’. He could hear Sam outside, fighting off the Inugami. Dean took deep breaths but didn’t bother wiping his face of tears. He reached under Cas and was surprised to find him still warm.
“He sounds lovely.” Castiel held the phone between his ear and his shoulder as he played with the faucet. He could hear Gabriel singing
“Where’s the sister?” Sam and Bobby looked between each other.
“No, I was in Sioux Falls.” Sam looked back at Dean then back at Bobby.
“I thought I saw someone in the gallery earlier.” Castiel walked to the lectern, his worn and old bible sitting open to the last passage he had been reading from. Michael gave another look back at the gallery before turning back to Castiel.
It’s times like these, where there’s nowhere else to look but at
Cas makes an approving sound and palms Dean’s ass, smoothing his hands over the red skin. He presses a kiss to the dip of Dean’s back, then looks over to the camera. “Would you like to see how pretty he looks?” he asks, and fuck, Dean should’ve known that he’d be a natural at this.
, and so… chocolate, fruit, and pie.”
Castiel sits back. Hearing all that feels like he’s taken a physical blow to the chest, and he closes his eyes for a moment as he tries to curb the rush of emotion welling up inside him. Around them, the trees start to rustle, their limbs creaking against a nonexistent wind.
There’s a lot unsaid in those two words.
He’d spent so long looking at it, until he’d finally brought himself to pack it back away, waiting for the time to be right.
Sometimes Dean forgets that, for a very long time, Castiel was an angel. He’s spent
When he has a month to go, Dean goes to see a fortune teller.
Castiel, but… he’s not. He’s just different enough to be unsettling—no toaster iron burn on his knuckles, or little curl of hair behind his ears that he keeps simply because Dean thinks it looks cute.
Castiel takes a deep breath in through his nose, then out through his mouth. He presses his forearm against the wood of the table, hiding his mark from Dean’s eyes and from his own. “The difference between these situations,” he says, speaking carefully and clearly, “is that in the studio, I was having a panic attack. You did what you had to do to calm me down in an emergency. Here—“ He makes a small gesture to his apartment with his right hand, and Dean shrinks down in his chair a little. “—we’re in my home. My safe space, and somewhere where I don’t expect to be deceived. Even if you had good intentions, Dean, you’ve been… manipulating me by not being honest about what you’re doing.”
And then he’s gone, disappeared around the corner, and Castiel is left standing dumbfounded in his own house. Just as he’d shown himself in, Dean shows himself out—although via the front door this time. Castiel hears it open and close down the hallway, his house now oddly silent and still without Dean’s presence.
It takes a few seconds for him to realise that that someone is him.
“You’re catching flies,” Dean quips as he wanders past, nudging his knuckles under Castiel’s chin. “It’s just a t-shirt, babe, relax.”
From the tone in his voice, it doesn’t take a genius to understand that not everything Dean has said about him as been positive. Castiel swallows.
Dean has been hurt so many times in his life. He’s been kicked, punched, stabbed, thrown through walls. He’s watched his family and his friends die, and he’s spent forty long years in hell.
There’s a gun at his hip, but Castiel doesn’t pull it out just yet. Instead, he sticks to the brick wall, moving slowly and keeping a low profile. He can hear the voices up ahead, and he strains to make out what they’re saying—so focused that he forgets to keep an eye on his surroundings.
“Wait,
Just for now.
about something that’s not work. It’s cool.”
Dean blinks at him, and then his mouth curves into a sweet, happy smile. He presses a kiss to Castiel’s lips, and when he pulls back, his expression is soft. His eyes sparkle.
“How did it… how did it happen?”
The banging is coming more insistently now, and he groans as he rolls out of bed. "I'm awake!" he shouts towards the door, biting back the
They all stand, and Anna is smiling, clearly happy for him with the news of this promotion, but something in Adler’s words is catching in Castiel’s brain.
, even, parts of himself so ingrained in the hunting life.
Prison officer Dean's ship crashes into the most infamous prison in the galaxy.
When Castiel comes to (if there is such a thing for a spirit, that is), he has no idea how much time has passed, and he
When Castiel wakes properly, it’s hard to tell how much time has passed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel’s heart thuds against his ribcage in fear, and he squints in the dimness of the room, looking for a twitch, a blink, any sign of life—
on his.
There’s amusement and bliss and contentment on Dean’s face as he reaches for Castiel and guides him back up the back until they’re nose to nose again, Cas still holding himself up. “And until then,” he says, nudging his fingers under Castiel’s chin and stretching up to kiss him, “I guess we’ll just have to have another shower.”
So he blocks out most of the memories, and starts turning the pages.
, the first time he’s done anything of this caliber with Dean, and…
And now, with this knowledge in his heart of hearts, Castiel doesn’t know how he’s ever going to be okay again.
It both excites and terrifies him.
as he finishes checking through his latest book order. He’s had a hectic day, and any customer should be able to see that from the bags under his eyes and the way his hair is surely sticking up every which way, but apparently this one is oblivious to his struggles. He takes the pen from between his teeth, checks off the receipt, then sets everything to one side on his counter and straightens up.
Something in Cas’s expression crinkles into amusement, and he gives a tiny nod, almost to himself. He tugs at the hem of Dean’s shirt, sitting back to let Dean lever himself up enough to pull it off, then tosses it aside. For a moment, Dean considers turning the tables, but then there are hands pressing him back down into the leaves and lips trailing over the skin of his chest.
. "Anyone who rejected you would be an idiot, Cas. And I may be many things, but I'm only
“Is that an order?” Dean’s voice is deeper, a little rough. Castiel watches his throat bob as he swallows. It feels as though he’s on autopilot, not quite thinking, when he says;
his mind echoes, over and over.
She smiles and shakes her head gently, amused. “Not here, actually. Dr. Adler wants to see the two of us in his office.”
He’s just graduated from KU, already has a job lined up, and is surrounded by friends and family in Lawrence—the town where he’s lived almost his entire life.
It builds like a crescendo, until Dean is moving without conscious thought, pressed so closely to the raven-faced man that they’re like a single person, and unable to look away from those eyes that are such a
Tonight, the moon is high, the cemetery bathed in shadows and silver light, and Castiel is wandering the pathways alone. There’s always a pang in his chest whenever Dean gets like this, the fear of being alone once more rearing its head, and he has to force himself to stay calm.
“Castiel Novak,” he says, the corner of his mouth lifting in a smile. “Nice to meet you, Winchester.”
Castiel swallows. He can feel his heart beating in his chest, and the way that his shoulders tense at the sight of this man, whom he has spent so long trying to avoid. Dean is beautiful and Cas isn’t good enough, doesn’t want to break him.
There’s no rush, counter to what Dean’s needy gasps and quiet pleading might suggest, and so Castiel can take his time. Learn what makes Dean tick. He’s a little clumsy and inexperienced, but he learns more with every second of practice.
The door cracks open, barely an inch, and Dean glares through it. “I’ll come out when you stop being an asshole,” he points out. “Fuck you and all your stations.”
“Of course, Cas,” Dean says, shooting Castiel a grin that creates butterflies in his stomach and sends molten steel coursing through his veins. “I’ll be back in a sec.”
And so will he.
“And this…”
“You crazy idiot,” he breathes.
The woman slides behind the desk and leans down to check the computer, then looks up at Castiel with a grin. “Castiel, right? Dean’s just getting himself set up now, give him a few minutes and he’ll be out to introduce himself. I’m Jo—Harvelle, my mom owns this place. Dean’s one of our artists—I think you’re gonna love the piece he’s designed for you today. Is this your first tattoo?”
“So you were called out here, to New York.” Castiel steeples his fingers in front of himself. “Why?”
It’s a Saturday morning, and Dean is studying (or trying to, at least) in the common room of his res hall.
Sam has his own tent, since he vehemently refuses to share one with Dean and Castiel, which suits Dean just fine. It does mean, however, that Sam
Castiel comes to slowly.
keep looking.
They settle into their respective seats, and Dean still won’t make proper eye contact, not even when Andy leaves them with their menus and disappears to serve other tables. He doesn’t even look at his, just pushes it aside, drumming his fingertips on the table.
But, exhaustion or not, Castiel’s heart double-beats in his chest at the way Dean’s eyes light up when he sees Castiel.
“You adorable assholes aren’t getting out of research
for him. Castiel wants to see what’s beyond it, out among the stars. He’s always been like that.
A heavy silence stretches about between them for a few moments as Dean thinks it over, then eventually seems to concede. “I guess you’re right,” he says quietly. “I never really thought about it like that. I guess I kinda forgot that you didn’t have anyone to talk to before me.”
And then a number of things happen in very quick succession.
Castiel inhales, holds his breath, and then nods.
I’m ready.”
The text comes when Cas is least expecting it—sitting on his couch, eating takeout, and catching up on the newest episodes of The Good Place. When his phone buzzes, he doesn’t think much of it, just absentmindedly reaches for it and swipes it open without paying much attention.
After, they lie tangled in Castiel’s sheets, sweat-damp and sated. Dean is just as perfect as Castiel had imagined, and now he’s hooked in every way imaginable.
a little more like he belongs.
And then there’s a single person, up by the church.
Cas. This Cas, who rides motorcycles like he was born on the back of one and now watches Dean with steel and reservation in his eyes.
And then there’s the
“Your Castiel is not in this universe,” he says, and god, it’s a relief to hear his voice again, but it’s still just
Alone.
Cas gives as he takes to the sky once more.
When Sam drags him along to the ballet, Dean is not impressed.
As it should be, at this time of night, the corridors are quiet and empty. Flames flicker lowly in the sconces that line the walls, but even those are perfectly silent, magical and absent of the usual quiet crackle of fire. Dean finds himself holding his breath as he creeps along the edge of the corridor, broom in his hand. It's not far from here to the Common Room, but making his way through the corridors is still the most dangerous part of his night-time escapades.
“So when you’re thinking about the answer you’re going to give him tonight,” Benny finishes, leaning back once more. “Just remember that. I won’t let you fuck him up any more.”
<< Sounds like it, Cas.
There’s a little patch of grass behind the church that hasn’t been touched in a long time. An old groundskeeper had created the beginnings of a garden bed, but had left before he could finish it, and so now it lies forgotten. But not by Castiel.
Castiel feels his breath hitch in his chest, and before he can even properly process his own thoughts, he’s blinking across the cemetery to Dean.
It’s a risk he has to take.
Castiel blinks at him—and then, slowly, the line of his lips softens into a smile.
They don’t speak, and even in the days that follow, they don’t talk about it. Castiel’s
And for the rest of the night, that’s where they stay.
“It sure is, Cas. You’re a hundred and seventy-two years old today—which is pretty fuckin’ wild, if you ask me.” He gestures at the decorations, then runs his hand through his hair and shifts on his feet. “I didn’t know if you usually do anything—if figured you probably don’t—but I wanted to do something special for you, y’know?”
The world has moved on so much that it almost scares him, sometimes, but it’s also utterly incredible.
of their apartment as soon as he possibly fucking can. Being stuck here with Cas for so long… it’s amazing, but it also feels like his heart is being torn out of his chest, minute by minute, piece by piece.
There’s an earnestness to his tone that hadn’t been there before, one that makes Castiel pause and think. Is he really in danger tonight? He hadn’t considered that—hadn’t considered
Castiel doesn’t answer, because he doesn’t know. He’s spent so many hours thinking about Dean Winchester, about the outlaw whose name everyone knows, who is wanted for so many things and by so many people, and now that he’s
“Much appreciated,” he says with a grin, clapping Spencer on the shoulder before stepping past him and making his way up the gangplank. He has to move quickly, in case there are other people after the same thing he is—someone paid to have it shipped to New York, after all, so Dean isn’t the only one who’s caught wind of its existence.
“Wait,” he says, the single syllable sounding almost as though it’s been punched out of him. “Don’t… I can’t let them go. They’re guilty, I know that.
For a few moments, there’s silence. When Castiel finally turns his head, Dean is watching him, an unreadable expression on his face.
It helps to remind him that there's a lot more to the world than school, and grades, and whether he gets picked up by a League team after he graduates next year. Whether he even
There's a tingling in Dean's chest that he's pretty sure he can't entirely chalk up to the currently-forming tornado in the near distance. He allows himself one quick smile, then clears his throat, focuses his concentration, and puts the fucking pedal to the metal.
Sam visits Dean’s grave every day.
“Fuck, of course, sorry,” he rushes to say, holding his hands up apologetically. “No gun. Hopefully they don’t think anyone will be onto them, so the amulet might just be well-hidden, not guarded. Even if it is, I promise I’ll keep you safe, okay?”
The praise only spurs Dean on more, and he works as though his life depends on it—taking Cas as far down as he can go, and then pulling back to tease at the head, changing things up every time Castiel starts to get used to something until his whole head is spinning and he has no idea which way is up.
The streets are narrow, winding, bordered on each side by space junk that has been turned into houses, storefronts, makeshift cargo pods. People—
“I don’t know,” he admits, looking down into the depths of his half-finished coffee. “I’ve been thinking about it, but… I’m still not sure.”
Dean’s heart thuds giddily in his chest, and he picks his tipsy way through the crowd and over to where his boyfriend is sitting. “Hey, babe,” he says, sprawling onto Cas’s lap without any kind of grace or composure and winding his arms around Cas’s neck. “How was work?”
“Here’s what we’re going to do,” he says, and stepping into these shoes feels so natural and familiar, but so foreign at the same time. “You’re going to go take a shower while I make dinner. If you’re done before I am, you’ll grab some clean clothes from my wardrobe, choose some music on my laptop, and then come and help me finish cooking. Understood?”
And then the man’s head turns, his gaze shifts, and all of a sudden, he’s looking directly into Castiel’s eyes.
Art of Cas's coloured tattoo by the incredible
It’s the first place that Dean has carved out in the apartment that’s now
Enjoy!
, the things he wants to do to this man.
He looks up, as though he’s only just noticed he’s being addressed, and gives her a sharp, irreverent grin. “Who, me?” he asks, locking his phone and sliding it into his pocket. “I’m Dean, Cas’s boyfriend. I’ve heard a
Surprisingly, when Castiel actually thinks about it, a lot of the tension and panic has eased. He feels calmer. More centered. “I… better, I think,” he answers tentatively. “I have no idea what caused that, I’ve never—I haven’t experienced it in a long time.”
“So now what?” he asks, because that’s all he can say right now, all he can process. There has to be a reason that she’s pulled him away from the dinner like this.
Castiel grumbles good-naturedly. He disagrees.
“Good to meet you, Dean Winchester. My name is Castiel.”
Cas feels the tension across his shoulders unwind, and he allows himself a small smile and a nod. “I’m glad to hear that. It’s lovely to meet you too.”
“I have no issue with that,” comes the response, Cas reaching up to slide his hands into Dean’s hair and pull him back down for another kiss.
“Dean,” he shares back, letting his lips curve until into a smile. Below him, Cas visibly relaxes. Something flickers through his scent, and there’s a touch of calculated playfulness in his eyes when he tilts his head.
The force of the blow catches Dean by surprise, as the first one always does. Cas is strong, doesn’t hold back, and Dean cries out as adrenaline floods through his veins.
“Son of a
Castiel can’t contain his smile. “That’s right, I do work with all that ‘cool ancient stuff,’” he replies, and there’s a hint of teasing that he can’t keep out of his voice, because Dean is already getting under his skin, damn it. At least, if the blush that colours Dean’s cheeks is anything to go by, the feeling goes both ways. “I love it, though, Dean.” He runs his fingers over the three bands encircling the bicep, then sits back and just admires the whole thing. “It’s beautiful.” And it’s exactly the style that he’d loved in Dean’s previous works; perfect for distracting from his mark, and giving people something
him without his arms just phasing through his body, to feel the way that Dean’s hands settle on his back, solid and comforting and everything that Castiel has ever dreamed of.
He should have been expecting this, really. He’s tried not to think about that day in recent years, when he had settled on the certainty that Dean was never going to return, but Castiel is pleasantly surprised to find that when he searches back in his memory, the scene rises to the forefront of his mind as though it was yesterday. It was only twenty years ago, after all. Castiel has seen much more than that.
Having a bath is a rare indulgence for Castiel.
For all that he’s been thinking about this all day, he doesn’t feel ready for whatever Dean could throw at him. The relaxation that he’s been feeling for the past hour as he’s been cooking and talking with Dean starts to dissipate, and he interlaces his fingers tightly where they’re resting on the table in front of him. “We need to talk,” he says, his voice quiet and serious for the first time in an hour.
Cas just grins, blood-spattered but
He pauses to pull his first knife out of the tree it had embedded in—he hadn’t seen where the second one had gone, so he’ll have to find that after he’s done here—then continues after the alpha. There hadn’t been a sword at his hip that Dean could see, and without that, his hand to hand combat will be almost useless against Dean’s own blades.  This shouldn’t be hard.
The fancy apartment building is tall, but not that tall.
And so they do.
Dean sets his suitcase down on his bed and sits down next to it.
Dean drops Cas off outside the staff entrance of the museum, but not before pulling him by the front of his shirt for a kiss that lasts a little too long to be decent, considering they’re outside his workplace. Still, Castiel can’t quite bring himself to care, especially when Dean’s touch lingers as they pull apart, and his gaze drops to Castiel’s lips like all he wants to do is stay here and make out with him.
When the day comes for him to leave, it’s not the triumphant departure he’d pictured. He’s not overwhelmed with excitement—
Dean hums noncommittally. “Depends what it is.” His words are coy, cheeky—Castiel doesn’t have to look at him to be able to envision his smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
Benny leans forward, folding his arms on the table and lowering his voice. His expression is softer. More understanding. “You know why,” he tells Castiel. “He likes you.
It makes Dean pause.
Having Dean’s cock against his, hot and hard, is an intoxicating feeling. Castiel shifts his head, presses his forehead against Dean’s and lets his hair hang down in front of his eyes as they both want his fist moving. “Fuck, Cas,” Dean groans out, spurring Castiel on. He tightens his fingers just a little, rocking his hips against Dean’s as they chase their orgasms.
Castiel is smiling, eyes closed and face upturned towards the sun. It’s a little cool, but beneath the clear summer sky, it’s nothing short of perfect. “Alaska,” Cas murmurs, giving Dean’s hand a squeeze. When he opens his eyes to look over at Dean, the pure contentment in his smile and behind his bright blue eyes is clear to see. “I used to come here a lot, to this cove. It’s always been peaceful, and the animals here were lovely to talk to—which, now that I mention…”
“I’ll see you next weekend,” Dean says, pushing his hands deep into his pockets and giving Castiel a quick smile. “Don’t be a stranger.”
Dean stares at him, barely able to pick himself up from where he lies shattered on the floor. He can't reply, can't acknowledge that he's understood, because he doesn't trust himself to hold it together if he speaks.
interest in seduction tonight.”
His name is Castiel Novak.
Luckily, he manages to pull himself together, and clears his throat as he makes his way over to where Dean is standing. “Smells good.”
Enjoy <3
Charlie grins and pats him on the back so hard it knocks him forward. “That’s the spirit!” she says, in that annoyingly chipper way that she
And then he remembers the summers he spent as a teenager down by the lake, how he’d shared his first
While he waits, he tries to distract himself. He goes running, does yoga, looks after his plants and tries to keep himself from buying anymore because Inias already gives him enough shit about one day replacing him with a topiary version. With each day that he spends at work, he gets more comfortable working with Anna, as long as he can forget about Adler and his bigotry, and throwing himself into learning his new role certainly helps him to distract himself from the thrumming anticipation that lingers in his mind each time he thinks about his ever nearing appointment with Dean Winchester.
"Me neither," Dean admits, as they step into the palace. The servants give him a little more space now that they're sure that he's following them, which lets him fall into step beside Castiel. "It's... well, it's all a bit fucked, honestly."
for Dean, is a boy with dark hair and eyes bluer than the sea.
Suddenly, Castiel realises just how leaden his limbs feel. He can barely keep his eyes open. “Sleep,” he decides, rubbing his hands over his face and trying to stifle his yawn.
This one in particular has had his sights set on Dean from early in the evening, and hasn’t been picking up what Dean’s putting down: namely, that he’s
gone.
for betaing <3
“Hey, Dean!” he says, in a tone born of familiarity and ease. Immediately, something inside Castiel is set on edge. “Weren’t you here yesterday?”
From then on, they're mostly silent—the only sounds that can be heard are the quick
. Their time is finite, precious, and there’s no point in wasting it. Dean knows that, and from the way Cas kisses him back like it’s the last time they’ll have together, hands finding their way beneath the layers of Dean’s suit and pressing him back against his car, he knows it too.
“Nice place you’ve got here,” Dean says as Castiel leads him through to the kitchen. “Just you?”
All of a sudden, there’s bitter anger and frustration bubbling up inside of Castiel’s chest.
From here, it’s hard to see the guy’s face. All Dean can tell is that he’s tall-ish, with unruly dark hair, and wearing non-descript clothes. They
He laughs self-deprecatingly, and Inias reaches over to pat him on the shoulder. “Don’t worry, Cas. If Hannah still puts up with me, there’s hope for you yet.” His expression sobers, and his voice loses some of its joking tone. “Really, though, I’m happy for you. You seem to really like him, and if you both put the proper amount of care and energy into this, you won’t screw it up. I can’t wait to meet him.”
Castiel can’t help but smile, feeling a tiny bubble of relief in his chest. “That sounds like an excellent idea.”
When he finally reaches the end, he closes his eyes for a moment, allowing himself to just
He closes his eyes and tips his head back, so that he doesn’t have to keep meeting that gaze that feels as though it reaches down to the very depths of his soul. Cas’s hands settle like hot brands on his hips, guiding his movements, and as soon as the alpha starts fucking up into him in earnest, knot steadily growing at tugging against his rim, it’s all over for Dean.
“Good evening. What have you got for me?”
And isn’t that interesting? Dean has picked up some alpha techniques just from having trained with Sam and his dad, and being around alpha soldiers, but what the man had just displayed was on a whole other level. Who the hell is he to have needed to learn both styles from such a young age?
When he looks up in surprise, Dean is still tattooing, inking in the details in the flower of life that’s forming on his elbow and hurts like a motherfucker, but there’s the tiny hint of a smile curling his lips. “What?” Castiel asks, and Dean carefully finishes the line he’s working on before he pauses and meets Castiel’s eyes.
“Wait, Ca—Cas, wait!”
Castiel stares at the thick line running down her forearm, proudly displayed like a status symbol. She won’t give up until she knows—it’s not in her nature.
Slowly, he lowers the pistol.
Many of the work he sees is beautiful, and the artists are clearly talented, but they’re just not quite…
Out on the very edges of the solar system, past the point where any civilian would dare to venture, Dean Winchester pilots the vessel 1MP4L4 towards one of the most notorious prisons in the galaxy.
He can’t help but smile to himself, so incredibly happy
When he woke up, he was back in his own bed.
As he exhales, he feels himself deflate, the panic and turmoil draining out of him and leaving a bone-deep weariness in its place.
by the wonderful
And then Dean bites his bottom lip, catching it between his teeth with his gaze never wavering from Castiel’s, and in that moment, he makes his decision.
…Okay, most of the time.
The corners of Castiel’s lips curve upwards, and he nods. “I think I know the place. Hold on,” he says, and Dean barely has time to tighten his grip on Cas’s hand before they’re flying. The whole experience takes only a fraction of a second, as Castiel always tells him, but it still feels like a fucking lifetime as he holds onto his husband and tries not to barf.
It’s easy to tell when Dean has opened his eyes—he inhales, so quietly that any normal person would have missed it, but to Castiel, it makes his heart sing. “Wow, Cas,” Dean breathes, and Castiel just watches him for a second, captivated, before turning to follow Dean’s gaze.
The others don't hesitate—they spur their horses on, crossing the creek that defines the border in this spot with a great leap. Dean watches them, his heart in his throat, and then he follows.
For a second, all Dean can do is stare up at the hunter who saved him—a guardian angel, surely, for how close Dean had been to meeting his maker.
His heart in his throat, Castiel reaches a hand out towards the small green shoot, focuses his powers, and wills it to grow.
His concern is that the padlock is
(See the end of the chapter for
They could stop here—call a truce and head back to where Eden’s forces are camped—but Dean is
As the sun rises, golden over the treetops, he finally lets himself cry.
encountered before. For the longest time, he hadn’t even been sure that it was there. But now, with Dean pulling this side of him out into the open…
But he is also kind, and patient, and caring. He is a best friend, a wonderful son, a loving brother.
Today is the last day.
the one who’s supposed to be in charge, isn’t he? But… it’s kind of nice to have Dean push back a little bit. This dynamic between them is two-sided—it’s not simply Castiel making demands of Dean. Besides, without the small dashes of attitude, Dean wouldn’t be the man Cas had been instantly captivated by the moment they’d met.
is not a word that could
Well, that’s a simple enough thing to fix.
Cas catches Dean’s hand and intertwines their fingers, moving back to Dean’s side once he’s sure that Dean isn’t going to retaliate further for his comment. “I do like watching you sleep,” he admits, his thumb skating over Dean’s knuckles as he looks back out over the dusk-washed river. “You look peaceful.” He pauses for a second, then asks, “Do you like it out here?”
—to Inias… it’s a pretty big deal.
Dean opens his eyes just enough to level a playful glare at Castiel, then closes them again. “Alright, bossy,” he quips, but there’s a curve to his lips that Castiel knows means he’s joking. “It is… definitely time to sleep. I’ll see you in the morning?”
He doesn’t finish his sentence. Doesn’t need to.
By the time Dean sits back in his chair and wipes over the skin of Castiel’s arm one last time, it feels like both a second and an eternity have passed. Cas blinks, then focuses on Dean’s face, and that grin.
When Castiel lifts his hand in a little wave from where he’s sitting, the child peeks out a little further, and he can see them more clearly. It’s a little boy, no more than three or four years old, his face tear-streaked and his body possessing the same slightly translucent quality as Castiel’s own.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean clenches his teeth and raises his hand, channelling the Force—
He doesn’t let himself finish that thought. If he’s helping Dean, he can’t afford to let himself doubt.
Cas threads his fingers through Dean’s hair and pulls him in for a kiss—one that starts out slow and teasing, but that gradually builds until Cas is licking past the seam of Dean’s lips and it’s all Dean can do to hold on.
For the first time, Novak’s composure seems to crack. He runs his fingers through his hair, looks up at the ceiling for a second, then rests his arms back on the desk. “I
choice. I want to decide what I do for the rest of my existence, and
The bark of the tree’s trunk is rough against Castiel’s cheek where he leans against it, but he doesn’t care, and barely even notices—it's not like it can hurt him, after all. Even if he fell all the way down to the ground from here, he would still stand up without a scratch or any trace of pain. No doubt many people would kill for that, but for Castiel, it’s just another part of what his life (or lack thereof) has become.
Dean has never been so grateful for a topic change, and Castiel’s slightly awkward praise warms his heart in a way that he hadn’t expected.
So he's never been able to tell Cas how he feels.
Naomi spreads her hands is if to say,
"Read this," he says, taking the old letter from Castiel's hands and swapping it for the new envelope. He's feels like he's fucking vibrating, because everything's coming together, and gods willing, he might get the true love he's been after this whole damn time.
“Is that where you’d most like to be right now?”
Castiel waits, and waits, and waits.
, Castiel tells himself.
No, there is much more to Angel Motors than meets the eye. Many people have theories about it, and most stay away, knowing (wisely) that it is much safer just to speculate rather than going looking for trouble.
to take Cas out on a mini-road trip that day, and they
it's 1:30am and I have an exam in 36 hours but here's another chapter because I'm a bad uni student and a serial procrastinator
And forget that he’s almost certainly developing feelings for the very person responsible for turning his life upside down.
The night draws ever onward, the moon passing silently by overhead. In the forest around him, spirits stir and move, walking the line between this world and theirs.
Well, that’s not quite true. He’s sure Dean has an inkling of some kind, or his own well-buried feelings—no one looks at their friend the way Dean has looked at him when they’re totally uninterested. But in all the years they’ve been doing this dance around each other, all the sparks they’ve shared and the moments where Castiel has thought,
Castiel can’t help but blink in surprise—he hadn’t even been expecting Dean to
But none of that compares to what he holds in his hands now.
of September, has presented as a Dominant.
Castiel expects things to change, now that they’ve started dating.
“Yes,” he gasps out, and Cas’s fingers tighten in his hair. His teeth graze against the soft skin of Dean’s throat, just a little too hard to be totally pleasurable.
Castiel tries to forget.
. 17.
He has a family here. He has a purpose. He has something to fight for.
Castiel dreads the weekend.
, a concrete suggestion of what is to come. As those deft fingers popping the button on his jeans, Dean smirks up at him.
The alpha glances down at his clothes for a moment. He parts his lips, as though he’s about to provide an explanation—and then suspicion and wariness layer thickly through his scent again, and his posture tenses up. He doesn’t trust Dean, that’s for sure.
alone.”
It must be only a few minutes before Dean gets to him, but to Castiel, it feels like forever.
Something about that sets off alarm bells in Dean’s head, but he can’t quite put his finger on why.
Dean needs to see him. He doesn’t have a choice.
“Gneiss,” Dean says distractedly. Castiel’s lips twitch up in a smile.
For a long moment, Dean just watches him, an unreadable look in his eyes. There’s something quiet and vulnerable in that moment—an unspoken trust forming between them. Dean may have saved Castiel’s life yet again, but this time Castiel wants to be able to return the favour in some way, on some level.
, Dean.”
That comment seems to make Dean pause, almost as though he forgets his own grief for a moment. “Wait, I can do that?” he asks, his eyes wide. “Help people out, like you do? But… I don’t know how.”
(See the end of the chapter for
They don’t talk for the rest of the drive, just listen to the music playing through the stereo, each caught up in the tangle of their own thoughts.
For all that he had wanted to leave, to be out among the stars by himself and seeing things no human ever has before…
(And then go home and stare forlornly at the ever-expanding shelf of honey that he’s collecting, because even though there’s no way he can eat it all himself, it’s weird to hang around and talk to the guy without buying anything, right?)
But that reasoning still doesn’t seem to help.
to see Cas, he does have legitimate business to attend to each time, but…
Castiel feels his eyebrows raise in surprise. He’s just a single inconsequential soldier, a spirit who got stuck for some unknown and indecipherable reason. Surely there’s nothing to research. “Me? What about me?”
“How are you doing?” Dean asks, just as Castiel has decided it’s warm enough.
The man hums quietly, then looks out over the grounds once more. This close, Castiel can feel the power he exudes, calm but so strong under the surface. It’s otherworldly.
“We dealt with the boy last night. He shouldn’t be around anymore.” Castiel lifted his head when Dean finished speaking.
“Thank you Father Novak.” Castiel gave a small nod before Sandra and Caleb walked the short distance to their car and headed on their way. This incident had solidified his choice to create a sign in sheet, if not for the 'case of emergency' contacts for the children in his care. He would announce it at Mass on Sunday. He turned to Father Freely and started his trek across the parking lot to the west side of the church.
“Wherever you feel comfortable.” Dean took a deep breath as he thought about his next words.
“So, get this,” Sam had his laptop firmly placed on his lap as Dean munched on a cheeseburger. They sat outside of the burger joint as Sam continued, “’Neighborhood dogs gone missing’.” Dean swallowed and raised an eyebrow at Sam. Sam shook off his brother’s doubt. “’Seventeen dogs go missing in Battle Mountain, Nevada’.” Sam looks over at Dean with a raised eyebrow. “I don’t know about you, but that’s a lot of missing dogs.” Dean rolled up his trash and tossed it in the bag behind his seat. As he looked in the back to see if he had made it in, a scruffy head and blue eyes looked back at him.
“Thank you, Your Excellency, I’ll surely try.” Castiel turned back to see the Bishop making his way out into the hallway they had entered into. Castiel grabbed his briefcase and made his way to the other door on the opposite end of the kitchen.
“Hey, about those rats, uh…” Dean trailed off as he tried to search for the words to finish his thought. Sam gave him a sideways glance before cutting in.
without any  actual music playing. He may have slept with the bartender, but he may be on his last leg with the a capella Gloria Gaynor.
“Who are you?” Dean squatted down to talk to the little boy.
“Thank you, Dean Winchester.” He leant down into the window of the car. Dean played with the leather of the steering wheel.
“He’s fine, a bit bookish.” The man chuckled a little. Castiel will not admit that the sound made him twitch below the belt. “He wants to be a lawyer.”
Dean could hear the shower start and he cursed his brother and his long legs. Dean took off his pants and was going to finish off his underwear, but he had to check behind him. Cas was working at the fastening of his jeans. “Uh, Cas.” The angel looked up. Dean couldn’t help but admire the angel’s bare torso. He blushed and cleared his throat. “Do you mind closing your eyes?” Cas tilted his head. His face scrunched up, disoriented with Dean’s request. Dean motioned to his underwear and Cas finally managed to get his jeans loose. He shoved them off and stood like Dean, in his underwear. He moved to remove them, but Dean held up his hands and stopped him. “At least let me turn around first!” Dean grumbled. He had his back to Cas, and he heard Cas wrangle with the too big clothes. “Are you decent?” Cas tilted his head.
“Are you playing a joke on me?” He raised his voice a little as he heard the other man’s voice on the line.
“I mean I help Bobby out with the cars, but no.” He did not elaborate, but he didn’t seem as closed off as Castiel had initially thought he was going to be. He still sat ramrod straight next to him, but otherwise looked like he was willing to answer some of Castiel’s questions. Castiel decided to back off, the stormy look in Dean’s eyes had him hesitant to delve any further into the business he and his brother specialized in that caused so much turmoil within his life.
“Let me ask Father Novak what he thinks.” Castiel looked out the window at the side yard. The West side of the church was a large open plot of patchy grass where the East side was used for the graveyard. The only problem was that there wasn’t any fencing along the plot of grass and one end butted up against the road. Castiel hummed as all eyes turned on him.
He looked around for a second, but then he realized that Castiel still hadn’t popped his head up out of the water. Dean watched as a dark shadow rippled under the water, but otherwise didn’t get any closer. Suddenly feeling his heart drop down to his chest, he took a deep breath. Pushing off of the dock support he dived down to see Castiel floating in the water, falling steadily towards the bottom of the lake. Dean would have gasped had it not cost him air to breath and swam as fast as he could to catch up to the falling angel. His eyes wide as he took in Dean from his falling position. Dean managed to grab his outstretched hand and pulled him closer, grabbing him under the armpits before kicking as hard as he could to get to the surface. The combination of the strain and depth causing his lungs to scream in protest. Finally, he reached the surface and took a huge breath of air. Castiel watched Dean with a curious glance, seemingly unperturbed with having just nearly drowned. Dean still had his arms wrapped around Castiel as the angel seemed adamant to stay perfectly still while Dean beat his legs to keep them afloat.
“Sit on me again. I want to feel your thighs around me.” The man on the other end of the phone groaned. Castiel hadn’t even thought that he might be affecting the man as well. The idea sent a hot thrill through his veins, making him start to stroke his dick.
“I can’t pay you back.” Dean took a step back from the priest. He watched as Dean’s eyes scanned his face several times before his brows furrowed together, darkening his expression. Castiel shifted the basket in his hand as sweat made his fingers slip on the wicker handle.
“So red flag over here, do you know if she somehow is connected to the dog-nappings?” Sam shrugged. Dean burped and leaned back in his chair. “So, Cas and I will case out her house to see if we can find anything suspicious and you go to the first owner whose dog got nabbed.” Sam nodded and packed up his stuff. Cas and Dean hurried to get dressed, so they could drop Sam off at the owner’s house. After a small mishap with a wrong turn, Sam was getting out of the car and Dean and Cas were looking for the victim’s house. The silence that normally lingered between them was comfortable, something that weighed down on both of them like a blanket on a winter night. Now it seemed awkward. Cas kept looking out the window and Dean was holding too tightly onto the steering wheel. Dean would try to shake his vice like grip, but it kept returning, making his knuckles whiter than last time. Just as he was going to say something, Cas pointed to a large blue and white house.
“I didn’t say to be quiet. I want to hear your prayers to me.” Dean looked down, the sight of his twitching cock in Castiel’s hand and his lips red and glistening from having said cock in his mouth was permanently seared in his mind. He nodded vaguely before opening his mouth again to let out a stream of swears punctuated by Cas’ name.
While he was staring at the boy in the aisle another strike of thunder clapped overhead. As soon as it finished the boy seemed to move closer without ever moving his legs. The sudden approach startled Castiel and he fell back onto the dais. He grunted as his back hit the step, but his eyes never left the boy’s. A grimace overcame the young boys expression and Castiel felt his fingers start to go numb. The boy balled his fists as he approached. Castiel could feel his heart racing in his chest as he raised his arm to protect himself from whatever it was the boy was going to do. The blood in his ears covered up the sound of the upcoming footsteps.
“5-0 already arrive?” Dean looked around at the last little mess of glass left from the theft. Castiel followed his gaze, the thought of fixing the window suddenly consuming his thoughts. He had to get it covered before he went to bed or who knows what else would welcome themselves into it. He was already contending with mice, he didn’t need anymore wild animals making homes of the church. He thought about the calls to the exterminators he had made only for them to arrive and announce that there wasn’t any indication that there was an infestation of any kind within the confines of the church. Despite Castiel having stayed up many a night listening to them scratch along the walls of his room. And the mess of the altar upon his awakening. They had even absconded with several other of his kitchen utensils. He had to buy at least two more spatulas since the first one was taken. It had been two weeks since he had lost the first one and his nights had only gotten more hectic, and now on top of the breaking and entering he would have to contend with. He doubted that the police would even be able to do anything given that Castiel didn’t see anything regarding the people who stole from him.
“I learned that from the dishwasher repair man.” Dean let out a breathy laugh as he continued to take deep breaths. Castiel leaned back so that he could get the full look of Dean’s naked form in the midday sun. The water had turned into sweat and his body was glistening in a post orgasm glow. Cas looked ready to stand, but Dean scrambled up and grabbed onto Castiel’s tie, making the angel continue to sit.
“You and your father and brother drove up here in that car you drive now,” he recalls quietly, thinking back to that day. “You were holding your brother, and your mother… she was with the two of you. Talking to you, comforting you. And then… you saw me. No living person had ever been able to see me before—no one else has since.”
So again, he throws himself into hunting as a distraction (not the healthiest solution, he knows, but it hasn’t failed him yet), and decides to go after an incubus. The plan is that it will give him some time away from Dean, since the only way to get close to the incubus is to pose as a victim, which is purely a one-man undercover job. Maybe going back to doing a solo hunt will remind Castiel of what was so good about not having Dean around constantly.
The dust is slow to clear as Castiel Novak stands in the very back corner of his cell and uncovers his face to reveal the aftermath of the crash.
for betaing!
But they have plenty of fun outside the castle walls. Dean teaches Castiel to ride, Castiel teaches Dean to read and, slowly, to write. They go hunting, and swimming, and often simply lie together beneath the sun, Castiel reading to Dean and Dean barely able to focus on the words for the beautiful sound of his voice.
Dean winces as he stands up from his chair. “Sorry, Cas. I’ll keep myself amused elsewhere for a while." He pauses in the doorway. “Can you come find me when you figure something out?”
Cas is fine with that—even leans into the hands, just to feel them. He’s never been with someone who likes to touch his hair like Dean does, but then again, a lot of the things he’s doing with Dean are things he’s never done before.
During the night, he finds that he can wander further from his grave, exploring the area around himself to pass the time and hoping that perhaps he’ll stumble upon something that will give him a clue as to what he’s doing wrong. Why hasn’t he passed on yet? Is this what happens to every spirit, everyone who dies?
It only takes a few desperate strokes to have him coming over Cas’s chest, and Dean opens his eyes just in time to watch Cas follow him over the edge. His grip on Dean’s hips is so tight that it will probably bruise as he grinds his knot up into Dean, coming deep inside him with a moan that is swallowed up by the trees and the quiet of the night.
“Here,” the man rasps, and his voice sounds noticeably differe. Usually, it’s deeper, resonating with some underlying tone that must denote his power, but right now it just sounds normal. Scared.
how stunning it will be.
The sound of a motorbike catches both his and Alexei’s attention. It’s loud, reverberating down the street enough that they can hear it clearly from
Until he ended up saving the Righteous Man.
There’s so much wrong with what she’s saying, and the way she’s saying it, but the only part that Castiel focuses on is
Sooo I already fucked up my posting schedule. In my defence, I did spend all of Friday locked out of my house, but I really don't think this whole deadline thing is for me XD I'll still be aiming to keep the updates weekly, and no more than two weeks apart. Writing is hard, though.
“Castiel,” Cas tells him. “You?”
What does he do?
It’s a feeling he knows well.
old. Another year, another anniversary been and gone. Another no-show.
“Oh, you’ll get the angel, alright,” he says. His knowing tone makes the demon pale. “Good luck.”
They keep going, and Castiel makes sure to breathe and tell Dean if they need to pause. There’s less tension in his muscles now, since Dean had correctly guessed that he was anxious and they’d unknowingly worked through it together, so it’s much easier to relax as he lies on his stomach on the chair and lets Dean work.
Dean wakes to a banging on the door of his quarters.
It always has been, ever since he moved here. Not many people know about the old stairs, hidden away in a rarely-used corridor, that lead up to the secluded roof area, so this is where he comes to get away from the looks and the whispers and all the bullshit.
“Did you want to come in and hang out for a bit?” Dean asks, amused, and the guy’s expression transforms into a grateful smile.
The silence stretches out between them, tense and charged, until Cas finally says, “As if you’re one to talk.”
Dean swallows the last of the whiskey, then sets the glass down on the counter with enough force to make Castiel cringe slightly.
And then he rounds the corner of the corridor, and almost runs headlong into someone. Two someones, in fact.
“I did dom him,” he says quietly, and Inias looks up from where he’s been aimlessly stirring the soup, his eyes wide.
The paper and the gloves that separate them are a nuisance when all Castiel wants is to feel Dean’s touch once more, but instead he focuses on the man’s voice, his words. “You don’t need to be flexible to start,” he points out, giving a tiny shrug of the shoulder not attached to the arm Dean’s currently working with. “I know I certainly wasn’t. But I wanted something that I could do in private, and I was stubborn enough that I didn’t give up even when it kicked my ass, so… I ended up enjoying it.”
“I’m having you removed from the White House security detail.”
The house elf disappears once more, and Dean turns back to Cas, who's now looking down at the table. "What were you saying?" he prompts, but it's a second or two before Cas meets his gaze once more, and this time, there's a bittersweet, sad tilt to his mouth.
It’s just over a week before he finally breaks.
It’s not ideal, but it’s better than nothing. Tonight will just have to be for himself and his Thai food.
By the time they’re completely done, the sun is well on its way to setting, and they’re sat in what was once the living room of Dean’s old apartment with several boxes of pizza.
, the thrill of it never wears off. They keep track of their victories at home, too, and this one will be another notch on Cas’s list.
He brushes his hands off on his jeans, then reaches for his duffel bag and pulls out a book. It looks
Castiel listens to the knock of the waves against the boat and the sound of Dean muttering under his breath, trying not to count the passing seconds and failing miserably. Finally, after what seems like an eternity—
Dean is quick to follow, sliding into the bed beside Cas, who lets the covers fall over him once he’s situated. They take a few seconds to rearrange the pillows—“You’re just one dude, Cas, why do you need so many?”—and Castiel reaches over, turns off the lamp on the nightstand closer to him, and sends the room into darkness.
It’s a day like any other. Dean has spent the last few hours hanging out with Castiel at the cemetery, talking about his plans for the month ahead. He’s going to drive out to California to see Sam, he says, so he won’t be around for awhile, but he’ll be back before Castiel knows it.
“So Dean, if you’re listening, this is Eileen. I, uh… I guess I wanted you to meet—"
Dean peers over Cas’s shoulder, their wings bumping where they lie atop the cloud. Cas forms another one, then releases it with the next flurry.
It’s been so long. So long since he sat by his father’s grave and cried. So long since he had said goodbye to Naomi forever. So long since he’d struggled to breathe in Dean’s studio while his chest felt like it was collapsing in on itself.
It’s the first Christmas that he and Dean are spending together as a couple, and so extra care has been taken—well-considered gifts picked out, decorations hung all over the bunker, Christmas songs playing when Dean thinks no one can hear.
“I’ll bring my partner, too,” he says, giving Dean’s thigh a quick squeeze. “I haven’t been feeling so well today.”
,” he says, the weight of him settling across Castiel’s thighs, warm and perfect. “
"Dean, wait—" Castiel calls after him, but it's too late. Dean follows the servants through the open door, and they let it swing closed after him, separating him from the man he is supposed to marry but does not love.
Dean clears the dust from the furniture, then pulls off his jacket. It feels like a weight not only on his shoulders but on his soul, and as he drapes it over the back of one of the chairs, he finds himself looking at the silver glow once more.
The thought of never seeing Dean again, of never having
Once their campsite has been set up (and no one’s had anything thrown at them or been banished to another continent) Dean is in dire need of some of the relaxation time he was
Castiel can’t stop thinking about Dean.
Either way, as the door swings open, he realizes that it’s too late to turn back now.
In the next second, Cas is grappling him, hooking his leg behind Dean’s and using his own body weight to bring him to the floor. Dean hits the mat with a
Right now, he has minutes, if not seconds.
“You wanted to see me, sir?” Dean asks, and even though they’ve had countless comfortable interactions, he can’t help slipping back into the respectful address.
They had not answered.
“Alright, you menace.” Castiel gives his hand one more squeeze. “You need to get some rest now. I’ll be here if you need anything.”
He pats Dean gently on the shoulder, then sets down a quill and ink beside the blank sheet of paper and stands. "You have an hour to write your first message, and then I will come and collect it to be given to my messenger. Make good use of your time."
The guy smirks, like he knows he’s got Castiel all figured out. Because there’s no way he can just let these men walk away—even if the reason they go to prison is
And then some mornings, he wakes up, and he looks over at where Castiel is snoring quietly against his pillow, and he thinks about just how good he has it. How happy his mom would be to see him finally living the life she’d always wanted for him—one that was safe, and happy, and spent with someone he loves.
They have a Wendigo to kill. Unwinding Dean will have to wait.
Dean’s eyes widen, and then his smile softens, all gentle curves and the tiniest flash of teeth.
. “You think I was going to let my only son disappear forever? It took me a little while, I’ll admit, but it wasn’t difficult to find you. And I knew that with time, and with the right…
Dean nods his understanding, then watches as Castiel disappears into the next room.
The flowers and grass have been trimmed and cared for, but that’s not what draws Castiel’s eye the most. No, it’s the party hat balanced on top of his gravestone, the banner across it that says
Dean is a generous and thoughtful host, and it’s only compounding Castiel’s appreciation of him. At this point, he’s not sure if it’s even
In the distance, he sees the two cars come to a stop. A man gets out of the first one, the one that is all black and silver sleekness, then opens the door to the backseat.
Instead, he stands and waits, letting bus after bus arrive and depart, people flowing around him like water and he the unmoving rock.
Dean pauses, runs his tongue over his teeth. His hands are pushed deep into the pockets of his jacket now. “Yes,” he says finally, his voice quiet. “They’re going to move on Friday night. If they’re successful, Lucifer Morningstar is going to end up dead, Michael is going to get away with everything, and all the crimes they’ve ever committed are going to go unpunished. If you can get to the docks before it happens, though… your guys have got a chance at getting both of them.”
And so he never tells C about who he is, and he never presses C about his own identity, either.
Castiel’s fingers find Dean’s and interlace.
“Exactly!” Dean snaps the ledger shut and tosses it onto the coffee table. There’s an energy about him that’s infectious, unleashable, something to be marvelled at and swept along by.
Her interest piqued, Hannah makes her way over to the bench near the end of the grave and flops onto it, her feet tired from walking all day. When he goes to set her notebook down on the wood, she notices a small, inscribed plaque in the middle of the bench.
Inside the shed, things are not so straightforward. There are tools and bits of machinery everywhere, some of it stacked so precariously that Dean edges around it instead of trying to interact with it. Thankfully (from what he remembers of helping Bobby run his farm in the summers), most of the things that he needs to successfully grow his crops and tend to the land seem to be here.
Dean’s mouth pulls into a thin, upset line, and there’s a definite slump to his shoulders—but regardless of how he’s feeling, he nods again. “We can do that,” he says, his voice mostly steady but with a tiny shake that underlies it. He stands when Castiel does, follows him wordlessly towards the door. They pause while he pulls his shoes on, every movement slow and careful, as though he’s trying to hold himself together. For a moment, Castiel feels bad about reacting as strongly as he did—but it’s not something that he can help.
Dean is at a distinct disadvantage, on that subject. Between his clothing, the way he walks, and the colour of his hair, he’s almost instantly recognizable, and it takes no time at all for whispers to spread across the ball like ripples over a pond.
Cooked breakfasts are usually reserved for weekends, but he’s not quite sure what Dean would like out of his selection of toast and cereal. So, instead, Castiel makes sure he’s gotten the coffee started, and then waits for Dean to emerge once more.
But Dean isn’t quite finished. “I might not have found much about you, apart from your basic army records,” he says, looking away again and picking idly at a stray thread along the seam of his jeans. “But I did find some interesting stuff about what you… might be.”
“Needy, aren’t you?” Cas murmurs, and the bed dips as he moves, shifting onto his knees. “So desperate for me. I could make you wait… tease you until you’re a mess, make you beg for my cock.” His hand keeps trailing lazily across Dean’s skin, over the curve of his ass, dragging at the waistband of the panties but not actually
Castiel tries not to think about the stars—about how there is
going, shoving past branches that scratch against his arms, getting away from the situation (the
It’s the perfect size to be eaten in a single bite (which, he realizes now, was Dean’s ploy all along—clever sub) but the way Dean takes it from his fingers is delicate. His teeth bite into it, careful not to make contact with Cas’s fingers, and then he gently takes it from Castiel’s grip and into his mouth.
“Yes, the cloth.”
Cas’s text had said to meet here.
Castiel clears his throat and keeps quiet. Dean, ever perceptive, seems to pick up on the meaning behind his silence almost immediately, but thankfully, doesn’t say anything about it. Instead, he just gives Castiel a quick wink, and tips his head towards the back of the restaurant.
So, for most of the trip, he sits in the wagon, beside his own coffin, and tries not to think about what will become of him now. That proves to be rather difficult, since the only way for Castiel to pass the time is to think, and it’s a relief when they finally roll down the main road of his hometown.
When he comes back, the notes are gone.
And there he is.
One of the floorboards is prone to creaking, and Dean knows exactly how to step to avoid it, easing his feet down quietly over the floor so that he stays as silent as possible. He hates waking Cas when he comes home, as much as he loves to get even a minute to talk to him and ask about his day. It just feels selfish, especially with Cas’s little acts of kindness towards Dean on nights like these.
“Alright,” Castiel says, gesturing to the mouth of the cave. “I can’t prepare you any more than I have. Let’s go.”
Finding a balance is hard, as it is with everything. While their time in the apartment used to be just for them to help Cas figure out his Dominant nature… now almost
With confusion and guilt and grief searing through his veins, eyes hot with unshed tears, Dean runs through the forest and down towards the lake. The silver of the moon settles over the water, serene and still and a stark contrast to the violent beating of Dean’s heart.
Castiel is captivated by outlaw Dean Winchester.
He sets out with an old map taken from the display rack of the motel, and that feeling in his heart that urges him onwards, outwards.
know how to deal with his attraction to Dean. His fear of committing to something more. His
Show some love to the original
“He can see you,” she says quietly, and there’s an urgency in her voice. “Tell me you’ll look after him.
He doesn’t stay outside for more than a few minutes, achingly aware of how much time is passing, and when he walks back into the restaurant, his head feels a little clearer.
“Yes, but I’m going to make sure none of them hurt you.” Caleb ran forward and hugged Dean. Dean hugged him back and then Caleb let go of Dean and rushed at Cas, wrapping his little arms around Cas’ leg’s and smothering his face in Cas’ knees. Cas stood completely still, unsure of what to do. Dean raised an eyebrow at him, and Cas eventually put a hand on the little boy’s shoulder. Caleb let go and the door handle rattled. Caleb let go of Cas and ran to the door. The door opened and in stepped a man with a bag in his hands. Dean stood up and watched as Caleb beamed and what Dean could only guess was his father. Before Caleb could talk about the monster killers his dad saw Dean and Cas and shoved Caleb behind him.
It wouldn’t be until after the new year that Castiel would have his first encounter with the mysterious man. His back ached from having spent so long in the age worn booth. Castiel couldn’t help but notice how nearly everything was falling apart around his ears. He had dealt with his fair share of old churches, but nothing like where he was currently stationed. He wondered why the previous priest had been removed with very little ceremony and as he looked around the church that had just enough polishing to hide the fact that the beams looked like they could cave at any moment and knew whatever the reason, it had something to do with the near decay this church was experiencing. Castiel leant forward to rub at the back of his neck, contemplating leaving the booth for the night when he heard the sound of footsteps approach the booth. Castiel moved back in his bench and straightened himself in his seat. He could hear the other individual situating themselves on the other side of the screen. Castiel darted his eyes over as he opened his mouth to speak, but he was beat to break the silence by the man beside him.
“I thought you could swim!” He barked, mad at himself for nearly threatening Castiel’s life, and also for being embarrassed at being buck naked in front of said angel.
“Dean!” Dean and Cas looked at each other as the door opened and Sam and Bobby ran in. They stared at Cas and Dean for a long moment before Dean ran in front of Cas and shielded him.
“You didn’t say please.” Dean let out a frustrated groan that probably would have been something vulgar had Cas said that any other time.
“Woah, you got a strong grip their buddy.” Caleb laughed and sat back on the couch. “How long have you been living here Caleb?” Caleb put his hand in front of him and counted on his fingers.
“Hey, Padre, you look a little warm around the collar.” Dean called with a faint smile. Castiel shifted his fliers and supplies that he was keeping in a basket on his arm. The weight of it less after all his walking, but it was still would leave his arms sore for a few days after this excursion. Castiel walked tentatively towards the older vehicle. Dean reached further over and opened the door just a touch. “Come on, I can drop you off to wherever you need to go.” Castiel put his hand on the edge of the open door, still standing on the edge of the road that met the unpaved gravel.
“I had to do it.” Cas didn’t notice Dean’s silent tears until he saw them splash on the floor. He looked over at Dean. His green eyes clouded with misery.
There’s a cabin by the lake—one owned by the royal family, but that seems like it’s only ever been used by Dean. Even then, he hasn’t gone near it in years, but it’s where he goes now. Returning to the palace doesn’t feel like an option, not tonight, not with the way his mind is churning after what had happened.
God, they know each other too well.
College is nothing like Castiel could have ever dreamed.
It’s probably not a good idea to show up last and flustered to his first class on his first day.
Castiel nods—please, just let this be over with—and Dean picks up the tattoo gun once more.
His words are shorter than he might have liked—Anna has never been anything but lovely to him—but he’s feeling all kinds of tightly wound tonight. Her lips pull down at the edges, but only for a second, and then she gives a slightly forced-looking smile. “I was just checking on you. It’s getting late, and I’m heading home now. You should do the same and get some rest, you look…” She pauses, takes in his creased shirt and unruly hair, the faint bags under his eyes. “Tired,” she finishes.
There’s the curve of a smile to his voice, and as much as Castiel likes it when he teases and jokes… right now, something in him itches to push Dean past that, to the point where he’s desperate and capable only of saying Castiel’s name, over and over.
, he writes in elegant script, and Dean’s stomach sinks. He can only stand there and stare as Cas—no,
, with Dean on top of the alpha, straddling his hips and pressing his shoulders against the ground.
There’s a hint of worry in the back of Cas’s mind that
Still, Charlie’s right. He has to at least
Anna’s lips thin into a concerned line. “You need to look after yourself,” she warns quietly. “It’s… easy to get burned out, in a job like this. Especially if you have people like Adler breathing down your neck, pushing you harder and harder. Just don’t work yourself to the bone, okay?”
He forces himself to stop. To breathe. Dean’s gaze is still a comforting weight; he sits there, quiet and patient and trusting, and Castiel can
Charlie’s silence is damning.
It was all decided. Nothing could get between them.
Castiel has fond memories associated with them, after all. Lunches spent at small-town diners, sitting in a booth across from Dean. Fast food dinners, eating in the passenger seat of the Impala during a hunt. Dean teaching him to cook for the first time, fingers wrapped around Castiel’s as they guide the spatula over the grill. His and Dean’s first proper date, going to a nice restaurant before the movies.
Castiel is the only one in the cemetery (if it can even be called that, with only one inhabitant) for a long time.
They roll the windows down as they turn onto the highway, and Dean’s smile is so bright and infectious that Castiel can’t help but mirror it.
He finishes talking and, once again, there’s that fucking silence. The silence that seems so
. Dunno how far you’d get, but it’d be cute to see you give it your best shot.” He hums, then crouches down, putting his weight on one palm as he swings his legs off the edge of the roof and sits. “But if you arrested me… well, you wouldn’t get
“Cas!” Dean calls, breathless and happy, and holy shit,
job falls to the law.
President Novak closes his eyes, takes a deep breath in, then exhales. When he opens them, he’s watching Dean with a
Castiel just grins down at him.
One of the servants gives him a disapproving look, but Castiel snorts, and that makes Dean feel
The guy shrugs his shoulders nonchalantly. "So am I."
The envelope is a little bent and creased, but still good, and he brandishes it triumphantly as he makes his way back to where Cas is still standing, looking more than a little bewildered.
Nathan Drake misses his jump and slips off the edge of a cliff, but Dean’s focus is now very much focused on the seemingly-haunted printer that is now happily whirring to itself and beginning to spit out sheets of paper.
And there goes both Castiel’s hopes and his respect for this guy.
Even so, he can still see the way Cas shifts on his feet, the way his eyes linger on the simple wooden cane before lifting to Dean’s face once more.
But as those words ring in his head, the warmth of a kind man who couldn’t have been certain that Cas was there but had wished him a Merry Christmas anyway…
Castiel doesn’t know what the pause meant—what meaning Dean had been conveying with it, or what had been going on in his head when his lips had formed around those words. Maybe nothing.
It should feel like too much, too fast, Castiel’s brain tells him, but with Dean… it doesn’t.
Castiel looks down at his hands where they’re resting on the counter, as though he can see through the fabric of his long sleeves to the wrapped tattoo beneath. “It was… not what I expected,” he hedges, because it still feels a little too raw to talk about.
So instead, he says, “So what’s in this present?”
he alright? His body's still functioning, and his hands aren't shaking any more, which is good. He's still not convinced that the reality of all this has sunk in yet, but for now...
And so they had grown up side by side, and slowly, over the course of many years and many shared experiences, Dean had fallen in love.
at that stage yet. Castiel has already met Jo and Benny, two very important people in Dean’s life, but… well, Castiel doesn’t have that many important people. So for him to introduce Dean—his
was dominating, that easy, quiet coexistence… what has he been doing all these years, shutting himself away? He’d
“Thank fuck,” Dean sighs. “You’re a possessive son of a bitch, you know that?” His voice is teasing, and he grins at his boyfriend, who simply shrugs.
The waitress comes to take their order, all smiles, with a thick black line on her forearm. Cas orders quietly and watches as Dean gives her a quick smile, then turns all his attention back to Castiel as soon as she’s gone.
That damn fucking mixtape.
, Dean is gorgeous like this. All smooth skin and muscle and ink, curling over his body and turning him into a work of art. The bars of music on his forearm, the flowers curling up the side of his neck, the sigil and roses and quotes that decorate his skin.
Dean lets out a slow breath. Maybe he’s not about to be smote into a thousand tiny pieces. The god’s positive answer gives him the courage to ask the question that has been burning in his mind ever since he started his research—it might be pushing his luck, but Dean didn’t as far as he is today without pushing his luck more than a little.
The faint smile becomes something more solid, and the guy nods his head. “I can do that.” He turns away and reaches for one of the bottles on the shelf above his head. Dean works with a lot of pretty, attractive people for a living, but none of them even come close to this man who has captivated Dean in a single moment, with his tattoos and his sex-hair and the quiet, confident way he holds himself.
it, but he’s definitely
Making sure to carefully note which drink is the drugged one, Castiel puts the vial back into his jacket pocket, picks up the drinks, and makes his way back over to Mark. “Here,” he says, handing him the drugged drink with a smile he hopes is convincing.
thoughts. “Hello to you too,” he says dryly, closing the door of the pickup behind himself. “Yes, it’s fine. As long as the entrance is blocked and the hive is strapped down enough, nothing can go wrong. Any other questions?”
it to be. It just is.
He insists on trying to help Castiel with everything, from cleaning his wound to properly bandaging it, and flirts all the way through. The strained quality to his voice suggests to Castiel that he’s using it as a coping mechanism while they wait for the painkillers to kick in, but he’s pretty sure that Dean would be flirting with him even if there
They spend as much of their time together as possible, because Cas leaves on his first mission in three months, and they have to make the most of it. Neither of them had been entirely sure what would happen between them when it came time for him to leave, but one thing becomes clear to Castiel as the date of his mission looms ever closer.
Dean must see the sudden apprehension cross Castiel’s face, because he quickly corrects himself. “I mean, not that tonight is gonna be anything dangerous. We’re just looking around, it’ll be fine.” He shrugs, quick and casual, but there’s genuine sincerity in his voice. “I don’t like to put anyone in danger except myself. You have my word on that.”
Dean blinks, as though he’s been caught off guard by the question. “I have to be,” he says, and Castiel’s breath stutters.
He walks the few steps to where Cas is sitting, then slowly sinks to his knees in front of him, leaning forward to fold his arms across Cas’s lap and lay down his weary head.
. 12.
Cas’s voice is serious now, and he leans forward over Dean’s shoulder so that they can look each other in the eyes, his brow creased into a frown. “You are talented,” he says, gently but insistently. “You’ve worked hard at this, and I have absolutely no doubt in my mind that you’re going to pull it off. To me, it looks beautiful, and I know I’m only an art history graduate and not an actual artist, but I’d like to think that counts for something, okay?” His lips curve up in the hint of a smile. “Besides, we both know that I have excellent taste, because I chose to date you, so there.”
Castiel’s eyes are locked on his, powerful storms and entire worlds held within them. There’s no way Dean can look away.
Once again, all of space is his oyster.
They stay on the edge of the crowd for a while, just watching, but then the crowd shifts, and they find themselves
to be caught. When he straightens up, it’s with a charming half-smile curling his lips and a relaxed swagger to his stance that seem to indicate that he feels right at home breaking into other people’s houses.
Just that; short and simple.
look over and give the bottle a little wave to check that it’s okay to drink it, and as soon as Castiel has given him the go-ahead, Dean’s grabbing a glass and pouring himself out a generous three fingers of whiskey.
leave.”
. 23.
"We have a YouTube channel." Dean shrugs. "It's fun to teach people about this stuff, and pays some of the bills, y'know? Little bit of a side hustle." He shoots the camera a wink, then looks back at the road as Sam gives a little bit of information about the tornado ahead, then sets the GoPro aside.
to Cas.
like Cas is asking him on a date. "What, just me? No Sammy?" he asks, his tone teasing.
He still can’t get used to it.
It’s less than a week before Castiel begins considering ways to return Dean to the Men of Letters without being blacklisted from the hunting community forever.
Dean runs his fingers through Cas’s hair, then pulls him back up with a semi-firm tug. Blue eyes stare down at him, dark and enticed by the easy way that the two of them seem to be able to exchange their power. “You’re too hot to kill,” he says with a smirk, then uses Cas’s moment of distraction and his own strength to knock him off balance, flipping them over and pinning Cas down amongst the leaves.
Castiel hums. “Quiet, but nice.” They both watch as a single bee winds its way around the flowers, finally choosing one to settle on. “I’m glad that my bees seem to be getting used to their new surroundings.”
All these years, Castiel has been so self-conscious about his Dom mark. He goes to lengths to hide it, even in the heat of the summer, because the fewer people know about his presentation, the better. He’s suffered through so many months of long sleeves just because he hates seeing his mark, hates
"I'm sure he'll love it."
He only gets as far as asking, “Cas, will you m—” before Cas is sinking to his knees in the dirt as well, curling his fingers into the front of Dean’s shirt and pulling him in for a kiss.
It’s a good feeling, until he finally sets his laptop down and realizes that he’s burnt out on work stuff—and it’s now
He’s tense, snappish, keeps to himself as much as he can all day and barely even speaks to Anna. His desk is immaculate, and he spends ten minutes sorting all his files into alphabetical order based on folder content in the hopes that it will help. It doesn’t.
The next morning, they wake early. Dean has already been staring up at the sky since before the first light started to appear, so when he hears the others start to stir, he takes that as his cue to get up.
Standing here in this empty room, watching Dean as he gestures at the walls with excitement and starts to make concrete plans, the reality of it sets in.
But, of course, that would be too easy. When Dean pulls the gloves on, Castiel begins to get nervous, because if it’s something that needs gloves in order to avoid psychometric contamination… it’s not going to make Castiel’s life easy.
“Did you know who I was?”
Castiel falls in love in the summer, beneath the lights of the boardwalk.
And there they stand, holding each other beneath the water, battered and bruised but so full of love, and
There are so many different people and so many different options for him to study, and it’s more freedom than he’s ever had in his life. He takes a variety of classes in his first year, eventually narrowing his study down to history and archival science. He makes a small group of friends, the closest of which is his roommate, Inias—unpresented.
The silence stretches out between them, and Castiel immediately regrets pushing so hard, because sober Dean would definitely be suspicious of his questioning, and just how strongly he's fixated on those two words.
But now he’s here, and he’s never looking back.
He winks, and Castiel feels his stomach curdle. It’s all he can do to give a shaky nod and hurry out of the office before he throws up on Adler’s shoes.
And then he’s gone, leaving cold air and the lingering hints of his smug tease in his absence, like he
Just like Castiel.
They don’t talk very much, after that—Dean is too focused on the tattoo, and Castiel is doing his best to ignore the pain that radiates from his arm. He distantly registers the sounds of Jo and Ellen finishing up with their clients and leaving for a lunch break, and then it’s just him and Dean and the unspoken tension that has settled heavily between them.
Dean takes a few steps closer and eyes the pages suspiciously. They’re not blank (but at least they’re not printing in
“I guess you did make me, huh?” he asks teasingly, his voice little more than a breath that curls into the night air between them.
He takes a moment to imagine a twenty-foot wave sweeping over New York, decimating homes and businesses and causing hundreds, if not thousands, of lives to be lost, and shudders at the thought. “So where do I come into your plan?” he asks, eyeing Dean with curiosity and no small amount of concern. He really doesn’t want to be pulled back into the world he’s tried so hard to escape, but Dean’s story isn’t making it easy. “If you’re such a good hunter of artifacts, you shouldn’t need me, surely?”
Dean tries not to deflate, tries not to let the news of Cas’s absence crush him more than it already feels like it is. A lot of people paid good money for their tickets tonight, and he still needs to give them what they came for, regardless of who may or may not be in the audience.
, should these letters come to be intercepted one day. Do you understand?"
In reality, it isn’t an attendance so much as an obstacle keeping him and the Winchesters from getting to the skinwalker they’ve been tracking, but once their hunt is over and they’ve wiped most of the skinwalker goo off themselves, Sam says, “Wanna go back and check that out?”
Luckily for him, Dean has done the math.
After that, Dean experiments. He flirts with girls, trying to find the point at which the mark starts to hurt so he can try to figure out what exactly is causing it. Kissing is okay, apparently, but as soon as his thoughts turn south and he starts using his downstairs brain… no deal.
That's not quite enough, though. Now that he's started in on the pranking, it's hard to stop, and so Dean stands at Novak's work station and eyes the things that Novak holds second-most precious to his heart.
They must, because Dean’s glass is half gone, and he’s laughing as he pats Castiel on the back. “Well done, buddy!” he exclaims, and Castiel tries to focus on the way his hand rests there for a moment instead of the heat currently burning through his body. “How was it?”
Instead, he watches from his vantage point as Dean eventually climbs out of his car. He keeps his hands in his pockets, and walks like he’s not sure he should be there, constantly looking around him. It takes Castiel a few seconds to realize Dean is looking for
bit better with the addition of his morning ritual.
The first thing he does is scrub at it until it’s spotlessly clean, then stash it back up in its spot in the cupboard. Out of sight, out of mind. Breakfast is a bowl of cereal, quick and easy and not something that requires ingredients or actual cooking skill. He’s not really feeling up to that this morning.
coiling in his chest. He reaches down, sliding his hand underneath the hem of Dean’s shirt and splaying his fingers across smooth, warm skin.
Dean stares at him, his thoughts clearly processing behind those pretty green eyes. It’s a lot to lay on someone all at once—and to be honest, Castiel isn’t even really sure
Whatever is coming for him, he just wants it over with.
Castiel is slumped on the rack, bleeding and exhausted, but those blue eyes still watch Dean with an almost laser-like focus. “What are you?” he rasps as Dean cuts through the ropes holding him up—as though the giant, tawny wings and the faintest shadow of a halo above Dean’s head aren’t enough of a giveaway.
that he’s into this guy, and he would
Of all the people he’s met, none of them have felt right—too overbearing, too safe, too uncertain, too egotistical, the list is endless. He will be a lone familiar forever, and he’s okay with that.
“Can you see the boat?” Castiel shouts over the wind, hoping that his words reach Dean even as the wind tries to tear them out of his mouth.
Enjoy <3
He takes a deep breath, then leans in close, so that his lips are almost brushing the shell of Dean’s ear.
Up here, Castiel gets lost in his thoughts, looking out over the ever-growing town of Lawrence and wondering what it’s
And then, as if on cue, Castiel’s stomach rumbles. Dean tips his head back and laughs, the fragile moment broken, forgotten. “Fair enough, man. How about we actually order some food, and then we can talk about it more?”
For the first time tonight, the corner of Dean’s mouth curves up—just the shadow of a smile, but a smile nonetheless.
“Yes.” His voice is soft, and he keeps his gaze on Dean, drinking him in as he takes in the night sky with almost-childlike wonder. He knows what the stars look like, after all. They haven’t changed in a hundred and fifty years. “Yes, they do.”
For tonight is the night where the veil between worlds thins.
It's a question directed to the whole kitchen, but it seems very pointedly aimed at Dean, considering he's sitting right in front of Castiel. He grins, holding back his laughter, then schools his expression and turns around with a look of mock-innocence. "What do you mean, what happened to your spoons?"
“I do in fact. As a side gig.” Castiel’s interest and arousal perked at the answer. “You could come see one of my shows. It’s at
Dean grunted as his ass came up from off the seat, Castiel holding him close so he wouldn’t fall. Dean’s hands left Castiel’s hips to catch himself on the edge of the bench. Castiel used one hand to hold Dean close to him while the other ran up to slip under Dean’s black Henley. Dean broke the kiss to hiss at the contact, his eyes closed and his head lolled back as he reveled in the feeling. Castiel moved to kiss him again, but Dean put a hand on his chest.
“Yea, I’ll have a burger. With everything on it.” She wrote it down and looked at Sam. Sam ordered his rabbit food and she looked over at Cas.
“Your Excellency, I didn’t know you had joined us today.” Castiel straightened up as he turned to Bishop Shurley.
“What made you want to become a priest?” Castiel turned his head from where it was looking out the window. Dean’s eyes flicked a few times between the road and Castiel’s face.
“Yeah my brother, he dragged me to this bar since I got dumped.” Castiel chuckled a little, leaning onto his thigh. The corner of the sink digging into his hip, but he couldn’t be bothered with it.
“Cas, you’re an angel.” Dean was a little breathless as he got the words out.
It had snowed some more over the course of the month, the sun shone brilliantly on the freshly fallen snow. It was almost to the window at this rate. Castiel took a moment to look out the window and close his eyes to the feeling of the winter sun reflecting off the snow drift. After a deep breath he walked into his office and sat at his desk with a soft sigh.
“Oh.”
“It’s better than getting worse.” Castiel muttered. He didn’t know of Dean heard him or not, nor did he think that he cared either way. Castiel kept the corner of his eye trained for any movement from Dean.
“Oh yes, Father, about that. I have several of my son’s jackets collecting dust in bins in my closet.” Castiel knew very little of her son, the most he knew was of the war that took him from her and the name she always prayed for during the quiet moments in the church. “I’ll see if my grandsons would be willing to bring them to you.”
“A wife?” Dean’s voice was a little tight, but Castiel wasn’t sure where the resistance was coming from all the sudden. Castiel shook his head and he thought he saw Dean relax just a fraction.
“My name is Dean. And this is Cas.” Dean saw no point in hiding the truth from the little boy. The little boy got off the couch and held his hand out to Cas. Cas looked at Dean then back at the boy. Dean nodded. Cas took the little boy’s hand carefully and shook it.
“Were you going to walk the entire way into the city?” Dean kept his eyes on the road as he spoke. The vehicle slowing down as they approached a red light. The wind from the open windows felt like a blessing on Castiel’s overheated skin.
“Older, but he acts younger than me most of time.” Castiel put his head back on the mirror. He could hear Gabriel trying to start a karaoke round. He was met by a round of boo’s.
“Father Novak.” Neil nodded his head once in acknowledgement. Castiel gave a small nod in return.
“Cas! Stay down there!” Cas nodded and made sure to observe the house around him. The father and son sat on the couch together. Cas couldn’t just watch them suffer in fright. He checked the entrances one last time before kneeling down before them.
Castiel set his briefcase on the steps as he reached up to knock on the massive wooden doors. His reassignment had been sudden, but he hadn’t been taken aback by the news. The wood felt worn on his knuckles. He could hear the echo of the empty church as he breathed into his hands to try and farm up his fingers. The snow had just started to come down as the bus had brought him into town. He was told that the walk would be short one, but he had gotten lost once in the unfamiliar scenery. His toes were stiff in his shoes and he could feel his knees rub unwelcomingly against his rigid slacks. His hat would no doubt be covered in a fine lining of snow as he stood waiting for someone to open up. Finally, he heard the sound of footsteps in the chamber and the door creaked open. The man looked at him with a brief scowl before he opened the door completely and let Castiel in.
“Alright you guys stay here. When we get back you will be able to go back home.” Carey and Danny nodded, and Dean hurried to change before heading out to the cemetery with Cas. Once he got there Dean grabbed Cas’ coat and a shovel and began to look for Earl’s plot. It was early, but they had done it before. As they travelled farther and farther back into the cemetery it got more densely covered by trees and hid them well. Finally, they found his grave and Dean looked at it begrudgingly before setting Cas’ coat on the tombstone and started digging.
“So a suit and tie?” Castiel groaned in response. The man’s voice was still that sultry low that usually made Castiel cum instantly.
“What kind of questions?” The little boy’s head swung from Cas to Dean. His legs bounced on the couch. Dean sat down in the chair facing the couch and stayed eye to eye with the little boy.
“That was two days ago.” Dean tuned out the rest of the conversation. He was too involved in the cold, dead angel on his lap. The blood was drying around his neck and staining his clothes. Dean moved a stray hair from Cas’ eyes. He was angry. Consumed by it. It washed over him in tidal waves. He wouldn’t show it though. He would keep it inside of him until it destroyed him.
“Sounds like the first vic.” Sam shut the computer and stood up. Both Sam and Dean hurried to put on their jackets. “Let’s see if she had made any enemies.” Cas followed the boys out into the car and into the back seat. He stayed silent the whole ride while Sam directed Dean on where to go. They were heading to the victim’s sister’s house. Upon arrival they piled out of the car and the sister was in the front yard watering. The late afternoon sun beating down. A cool breeze picked up and the sister looked up at them. She turned the hose off and stopped them at the gate. She stood on one side and they gathered on the other. She was gruff with a scar running down the length of her face. It was thin, but in the sun, it was easy to see. She didn’t seem to wear anything to mask it. She wore it proudly. Sam and Dean flashed their badges. She had her arms crossed and puffed her chest out. She was an odd mixture of dainty and vicious with her floral sun hat and her crop top revealing a decent set of abs.
“He’s eating.” Sam motioned to the bag of food. “And sleeping.” He took off his coat and nudged his head in the direction of the beds. Dean scowled and reached in the bag for another sandwich. He finished his and began another. He took the extra and looked at Cas.
“Deacon Neil, I was thinking of doing a community event to try and gather more parishioners.” Deacon Neil gave him a wizened look but didn’t outright shoot his idea down.
“How did you find us, Bobby?” The older man looked back at Dean before answering Sam.
Castiel moved his hand to rest over Dean’s chest again and despite his comment he found his eyes drifting closed.
“Is there anywhere in the house you don’t like to be, Caleb.” Caleb frowned and nodded looking ashamed. “Can you show us?” He looked scared but stiffened his lip and nodded. They all stood up and followed Caleb to the back of the house. At a certain point Caleb stopped and pointed on.
“Hey, Cas.” The angel turned and looked at Dean with half lidded eyes. He swayed from sleep and he was trying to get his brain to process what was going on. “Catch.” Dean threw the sandwich and Cas stared at the flying package before reaching out and grabbing it. He blinked at it owlishly before his stomach protested at the hesitation. He unwrapped the food and ate a few bites before he hummed and shuffled over to the table where Dean and Sam were stationed, currently. Dean gave Sam a look that meant ‘we’ll finish this later’.
“What do you need me to do?” Castiel took a deep breath, he wasn’t sure the motives behind the man in front of him, but he would rather error on the side of caution. So far the man had arrived at the least opportune times and had managed to make several comments that left Castiel on edge. He had heard hundreds of confessions, but something about Dean Winchester’s confession sat like a stone in his stomach and pulled down on his heart as if the words had their own gravitational pull that was weighing down his heart and mind. Castiel didn’t think Dean Winchester meant him harm, but it seemed that bad news followed Dean like a noxious cloud.
“I learned that from the pool repair man.” Dean groaned as Cas’ gruff voice deepened. Cas proceeded to kiss down Dean’s throat. He stopped at his collar bone and nipped and sucked. Dean groaned and gasped as Cas continued his ministrations. Dean used the fistful of Cas’ hair to remove him from his neck and to his lips. Cas carefully nipped at Dean’s lip and Dean whimpered. He felt his cheeks break out into a full blow blush.
“Fa-“
Castiel had his head hung low as he sent up his final prayer of the night. The confessional booth was warmer than usual, he was finally able to get an adequate heating system throughout the church and that meant changing out the drafty confessional with something more sturdy. He was so busy muttering and focusing on his prayer that he didn’t notice the door on the other side opening. Castiel continued to pray when a deep voice interrupted his thoughts.
“Dean – “Dean curled his fists at his sides and shrugged the pain off. “You can’t just go around trying to kill yourself, hunting alone. Did you forget that there are still hundreds of demons that would love to have our head?” Dean only blinked. “We’re the Winchester’s we stick together!” Sam raised his voice. Dean looked at the clock, 3:42. His eyes were dry, and he wanted to go back to bed.
“Isn’t this one of those banish on sight kind of things?” Dean still had his hands gripped around Castiel’s belt with his thumbs worming their way underneath the edge of the angel’s pants despite the words currently coming out of his mouth.
“Your brother is his own man, Dean. He can make choices just as easily as you can. If he didn’t want to continue with your family business, he could very well leave with or without your permission.” Castiel thought about his own little family and felt a small pang of something in his gut that he hadn’t felt in years, not since announcing he would go into seminary school. Maybe if he had taken the more common avenue his parents would have thought differently of him. Better. He brushed the thought aside as he focused his attention back on the man next to him. “Decisions are a communicable practice. It requires action from two parties for any conclusion to be met. Nothings stopping him from eventually getting back into law school.” Dean was so quiet as he listened to Castiel that the Father thought for a second that he might have left. There was a pregnant pause which made the hair on the back of Castiel’s neck stand on end.
“Spatula?” The way Dean’s voice came through the phone, made an icy chill go down Castiel’s spine. Dean really had no idea what Castiel was referring to.
“Any time, Padre.” Castiel straightened and turned to enter the church, the sound of the engine revving onto the street was audible before he reached the handle.
“I know a thing or two as well.” Castiel’s eyes flicked between Dean’s softening dick and his eyes. Dean used the angel’s tie to pull him closer and crush his lips against his again. Dean took no time in darting his tongue out to explore the angel’s mouth. He used his other hand to trail down Castiel’s torso until he reached the belt of Cas’ pants and was able to undo it with one hand. He made quick work of the button and zipper before leaning all his weight down to have Castiel fall backwards onto the dock. Dean made sure they wouldn’t both fall off and into the water once more before he did so. It was his turn to straddle the angel. Cas’ hand had reached up and had a tight grip on the back of Dean’s head, his fingers interlocked in his short hair.
“Yes, it is, I would like to get at least half of these put up before I need to return to the church.” Castiel turned around and started to walk towards the nearest telephone pole. He heard quick steps and soon enough Dean was walking beside him. Instead of saying anything, Dean reached over and pulled out some fliers from his basket. Castiel halted as Dean had now an armful of fliers and the stapler in his hands. The only thing left in his basket was an unopened water bottle and the tape.
He listened for a moment and heard the telltale sniffling of a crying child. Castiel looked around until he spotted the child curled up in the fetal position next to one of the gravestones. Castiel carefully approached them as not to startle them any further.
“Fuck, fuck, god, fuck, Cas.” Dean was reduced to single words as Castiel pulled back, dragging his tongue along the underside of Dean’s dick. “Cas!” He whined, Cas picking up a steady rhythm of taking him all the way down, coming back up, then using his tongue to apply pressure where he felt it needed. He would flick his tongue against the seam of the head and the shaft and Dean could only let out obscene noises.
“I have a long way to go before sainthood, Mrs. Hanson. Don’t let me go getting ahead of myself.” Castiel got into the narthex just as the door was opening to reveal a middle-aged woman and her teenage son. The wind kicked up and pulled the door from them. Castiel shivered a bit as he looked out into the storm.
“In there.” His little finger pointed to a closet under the stairs. Dean pulled out the EMF and it went off the charts. He opened the door and saw there were a few coats hanging up in the closet. He moved the EMF around and it continued to beep constantly. He turned it off and put it away. “What was that?” Dean looked at Caleb who was hiding in Cas’ coat.
“Going to get some food.” Dean and Cas didn’t look away from each other. Sam grumbled something under his breath and headed out. Dean shifted in his seat and put his hands on his knees. Castiel’s eyes continued to roam all over Dean’s face. They lingered for an extra second on Dean’s lips. Dean noticed and he felt a blush rush to his cheeks. The freckles on Dean’s face stood out in stark contrast to the pink blush that blended on his features. His green eyes sparkled in embarrassment.
“Cas,” Dean whispered. The blue-eyed angel looked over at Dean. “Why did you do it?” Cas shook his head.
“What is that?” Castiel commented as Dean knelt down next to the grave.
was the only sound besides the thrumming of the car. It was dark outside, trees lining either side of them and mountains off in the distance behind the vast expanse of forest. When the phone stopped Cas clenched it and flicked it open. He had been listening to the voicemails because he knew Dean wouldn’t.
“Nice to meet you, Cas.” He ran to Dean and held out his hand. Dean shook the hand of Caleb. He pretends to be in pain.
"He's a man, Castiel. And he comes here the same reason anyone else comes here." Michael waved him off to finish his various duties, leaving Castiel to stare up at the gallery as the soft voices of the parishioners carried on around them and the faint smell of dust and smoke filled his lungs. “I have to return to Father Freely, if you need any assistance with the coat drive, please send notice, I’m sure the other Father’s in the area would love to join.” Castiel closed up his bible and watched as the Bishop headed towards the back door of the church, throwing on is coat and hat before disappearing into the storm. Castiel held his bible close to his chest as he stared up at the gallery. His interest in the man only piquing. A man who came to confession, but never joined in with the clergy.
“So, you’ll be excited to find out that the waitress yesterday,” Cas nodded as he fixed his trench coat. “Found dead this morning.” Sam pulled the file out from under his arm and slid it across the table to where Cas was sitting down.
Castiel read the numbers in his head, then once quietly aloud. He finished peeing and walked over to the sink to wash his hands. He had a happy little smile on his face as he looked in the mirror and said the phone number aloud again.
The hunt he had finished was a relatively easy one, something that he knew he wouldn’t need Sammy for, and personally he was glad to get out of Bobby’s house. The lack of alone time in the house had started to drive him up the walls. He could only go out and work on Baby so many times before there wasn’t anything else to work on. They had hit a dead end with cases, and he wanted to get out of the house for a little while that didn’t require him to be on the look out for something that was trying to kill him. When Bobby had told him there was a potential poltergeist down in Alabama, he had jumped at the chance to head down. He needed the drive away from the house and the privacy. So caught up in his thoughts, he nearly missed the second hand painted sign that simply said ‘Dock’ with an arrow pointing down. Dean saw the turn off and was barely able to slow down before pulling into the dirt road. He followed it for about a mile before it opened up to a clearing where there was a single wooden dock leading out into a large lake. Dean slowed down and pulled the Impala to the side, blocking anyone from viewing him from the entrance. He stepped out of the car as Brooks & Dunn continued to fill the air. Dean took a deep breath of the summer air, the sunlight beating down on him, and without the wind from the car he could feel sweat start to bead at his forehead and the back of his neck.
Eventually, Cas steps forward towards Dean, stopping the flow of pedestrians from passing between them.
It’s a quiet, rainy Wednesday, and Dean is one of the few people visiting the cemetery grounds, and so he and Castiel are huddled under the awning of the church. Well,
The man blinks slowly at him, and it’s like those blue eyes can see right through to Dean’s soul. “Just Castiel,” he says finally, electing to ignore the rest of Dean’s dumbass statement. It’s probably for the best. “I do not charge for fortune tellings. Please.” He gestures to the stool standing next to the counter. “Take a seat.”
That night, they stop for dinner at a nearby inn, then ride back to the outskirts of the village and camp out again. They're safer out here, in the open space where no one can sneak up on them or be bribed to shake down the foreigner.
Dean can’t contain his audible snort—probably because finding it darkly humorous is a better outlet than giving her a verbal beatdown over her archaic views, Castiel suspects.
He’s incredible, but…
Cas disappears.
at the most, but now…
“Shit, yeah,” he says with a chuckle, letting his hand fall back into his lap. “Almost forgot we actually have to get to work ‘n shit. Have a good day, alright?” He leans in one more time, this time just for a single brush of lips, as though he can’t quite help himself. “I’ll talk to you tonight.”
Castiel has resigned himself to never finding his witch.
“Do you make a habit of printing out gay porn onto your neighbors’ printers?” Dean asks, a smile curling his lips.
“It wouldn’t have anything to do with the salt line built into the threshold, would it?”
“Dean?”
“I have no idea, man. Have you tried to get anything from it yet?”
Castiel takes a deep breath. “I was fighting in the war,” he says, looking down at his feet. “The Civil War, I think people call it these days. I was all ready to go and fight for the things I believed in, but in the first battle I saw…” He trails off. Clears his throat. “I don’t think I ever even pulled the trigger before I died.”
“Alright,” he tells her with a smile that feels entirely too forced, climbing to his feet.
, and the amulet that was meant to be nestled atop the velvet cushion is gone.
. 17.
He finds himself gravitating back to the spot where it happened. Where Cas turned and walked away.
It doesn’t matter that none of the other soldiers truly mourn his loss. Everyone knows someone who had died in that battle, and there had been many others like Castiel—marooned, adrift from their bodies and desperately trying to gain the attention of those dirt-streaked, grim-faced soldiers who had survived.
Like he said, though: Dean will get him next time.
They don’t speak much for the next little while. Castiel presses as close as he can to Dean without actually touching him (or
He relaxes against Cas’s lap, letting one arm fall loose as his body welcomes the touch of Cas’s grace, and the two of them stay like that for a very long time.
Following behind in the royal procession is Prince Castiel, who looks like he’d rather be anywhere but here. He looks good (he
but this moment feels crystalline, something to be savoured. Every breath is trembling, every nerve hyper-sensitive, every touch lighting him aflame.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sitting with his back against the headboard has let Castiel stay close to Dean, but right now what he wants is to make Dean
“Is this a good idea?” he asks Dean quietly, eyeing the amber liquid that the man beside him downs like it’s water. He can smell it, even from here.
Castiel does not say it back, but he presses his face into Dean’s shoulder and sobs, and Dean knows that he cannot. His tears, his grief, are answer enough.
For what feels like the first time all morning, Castiel sighs, and lets his whole body relax.
Until Dean wakes one cold morning to an empty bed and a trail of footprints leading towards the forest.
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel replies, the corners of his lips quirking up. “I am.”
Those words keep ringing in his ears, even though it’s just him.
. But there’s also not a soul for at least a mile in any direction, and there are no convenience stores nearby that he can just drop into. If he wants something, his options are: grow or make it himself, or get into his car and drive all the way to the closest town.
feeling like tiny revelations, each and every one of them.
Dean inhales, a breath that hitches in his chest and jitters against his ribs, and then exhales again.
Because
. Of a
“No—listen, Cas, if you want to blend in, you have to have confidence.”
The silence stretches out between them, and Dean has never been so aware of his own heartbeat, his own breath, as he is right now.
that he’s trying to get across, because her lips press into a thin line, but she doesn’t push any further. Instead, they start up a conversation as they start in on the entrée, and Castiel tries to keep himself distracted.
he okay? He’s so close to reaching his goal, to hiding his mark in plain sight so that (hopefully) he never has to feel self-conscious about displaying it again. And even though Dean knows something is up, he’s not making a big deal about it, except to check in. He likes Dean. He can
And just like that, the calmness that had been settling inside him curdles.
Castiel climbs.
Everything after that is a blur. Dean meets the King and Queen again, and then a long line of other important people—Castiel's brothers and sisters, advisors to the throne, other nobles who have travelled here to witness the unity between Eden and Winchester.
The voice makes Dean jump, and he tries to cover it up with a smooth half-turn to disguise the fact that he’d almost spilled wine all down the front of his fancy (and no doubt expensive) clothes.
“Good night,” he whispers. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
He takes a deep breath, then exhales.
“Dean,” he breathes, as he stares down at his own grave. It’s just as beautiful and well-kept, if not more, as it was back when he had first inhabited the cemetery. “Did you… did you do all of this for me?”
And so Castiel does. He worships Dean’s body with his hands and his lips, and then with Dean’s guidance, gently eases him open. It’s intoxicating, knowing that he’s the one causing Dean to make such beautiful sounds, to groan and gasp and murmur Castiel’s name, and Dean is so tight that he can’t imagine how it’s going to feel around his cock.
Until he wakes up the next morning to find all their jars of coffee grounds encased in ice, and Cas sitting smugly at the breakfast table.
When Dean finally speaks, it’s not a surprise. It doesn’t make him jump at the breaking of the silence. Castiel had predicted it, in fact—had noticed the tiny change in Dean’s breathing, and the shift of his weight.
He stares down at the boy with wide eyes, all his instincts telling him to blink away, but he fights the urge—he’s needed here now to help this woman pass over.
Even in the minute that Castiel has been struggling with the rope, the water has crept up another fraction of an inch over Dean’s chest. Castiel isn’t sure whether his blood goes cold from fear or from the iciness of the ocean, but either way, it spurs him into action.
try to move on.
Good. He likes to be close to Dean.
His hand falls back to his side.
Castiel knocks on the bedroom door, then rests his forehead against the wood. “Dean?” he calls gently.
"Hey, Cas," he starts, his grin turning cheeky, and Castiel raises his eyebrows at him in curiosity.
“I can’t keep you on as part of my security team. It’s more than I can take.”
. Towards earth, safety, freedom.
Dean, are you okay? You’re not answering your phone, I—I just want to make sure you’re alright.”
, what this means he will
He’s not sure where he puts his hands first, whether it’s on Castiel’s face or waist or shoulders, just that he’s not sure whether he wants to shove or punch or
"Dean! Dean, it's forming, we have to go!
The man can sing beautifully—Castiel has visited enough times to know that. Has memorized his performance schedule by now. It’s the one weakness he allows himself.
works the zipper down.
Some headstones are old, and some are new, all with varying detail and inscriptions, but the one that truly catches her interest is one she doesn’t find until she’s almost made her way through the whole cemetery.
Most of them are of Cas.
Those perfect lips curve into a breathless smirk, and Dean’s chuckle, though quiet, feels as though it reverberates through Castiel’s bones and underneath his skin.
He overthinks himself in circles until he’s dizzy with it, and just like that, the day creeps up on him. Their anniversary, and the night Dean plans to propose.
Dean’s eyebrows crease in a tiny frown, just for a moment. “You really…” he starts, then shakes his head. “And I thought I was the dense one. You’re lucky you’re cute, Cas, ‘cause sometimes you’re a bit of an idiot.”
Castiel lifts his head, and Dean can see him scanning the crowd, looking for something in particular. He must see it, because his lips curl into a hard-edged smirk. “I think I see the one you’re talking about. Tall, blond, looks like he uses the gym in place of having a personality?”
, but there’s no point agonizing over his situation if he can’t do anything about it. Surely one day his time will come, and he’ll find his way to the other side like Johnnie had. Until then, he will just have to wait.
And isn’t that just a cryptic answer, but Castiel knows enough of Dean by now to know that he won’t be getting any more information until Dean is ready to divulge it. Besides, he’s too tired to press for more right now.
Dean is usually terrible at keeping secrets, but this is one he won’t give up under any circumstances, not even when Castiel prods and pokes and tries his best to catch him off guard. He simply seals his lips and shakes his head, with that spark in his eyes that means Castiel is going to like whatever is going on.
It’s been days. Dean hadn’t realized how different everything would be without him. None of his usual distractions work.
Detective Castiel meets up with his criminal informant.
, only that it hurt, it
But while Dean wasn't sorted into Gryffindor...
Dean gives Castiel a quick grin and shrugs one shoulder, his previous air of fascination all but disappeared. “I’m always ready to eat, Cas, c’mon. Stupid question. You need a hand with anything?”
Cas’s head whips around, and the colour seems to drain from his face. He fumbles to hang up the call, then slowly stands, turning to face Dean.
Dean meets his gaze, his lips curled up into a half-smile that Castiel has learned by now means Dean has a goal. A trick up his sleeve. A way to push the boundaries even just a little.
It doesn’t happen right away. There are things they have to get in order, after all, talks and negotiations that must be had. But the process of it is
Cas looks up at him, blinking in surprise. "That's cool?" he ventures, a hint of disbelief in his voice. "That's all you have to say?"
He stays awake a little longer, just thinking, until sleep finally claims him from his exhaustion and pulls him under.
And so he follows Cas to the bathroom, following his instincts and his heart.
Uriel inclines his head, although he does not turn to Dean. Instead, he addresses the King and Queen, leaving Dean to continue trembling with silent shock and fury.
But Dean can’t let himself get distracted. He has a job to do and a duty to the king, and if there’s an enemy spy out here with the same purpose as Dean, then Dean needs to find and neutralise them as quickly as possible. He’s not sure what kind of commanders send an alpha to do an omega’s job, but that’s fine by him. It’s only going to make this person easier to track down.
And then he met Dean Winchester.
In the dim lighting that shines through from the outside corridor, Castiel can see Dean’s cheeks turn pink. “Sorry, Cas,” he says, as Castiel closes his front door and they make their way towards the kitchen and the smell of cooking food. “Didn’t really think that one through, my bad. I’ll make it up to you.” He half turns, and Castiel catches a glimpse of a roguish grin. His stomach flips, and his nerves jitter in anticipation of what could come later tonight.
Because while he and Cas got over all their stupid hang-ups a long time ago in their own universe… it’s clear that these guys haven’t. Not yet, at least.
When he finally manages to start packing, it's haphazard, throwing whatever he can find into a saddle pack. Spare clothes, a book or two...
There’s no way of telling
This is going to be
“Please, Castiel,” Dean says quietly, after about a minute has passed. Much of his previous cockiness is gone, and it’s refreshing to see this genuine side of him. In that moment, Castiel feels himself crumble.
For those who are interested in what I'll be writing next, I've set up a quick lil quiz to gauge interest in which of my fic ideas people would like to see me tackle next. Have your say
Shifters are one of Castiel’s least favourite monsters to hunt. As if seeing one’s own self reflected back isn’t unnerving enough, the way the creatures are able to get inside his brain with his own knowledge and pick him apart always puts Castiel on edge.
Dean glances up at him, those green eyes full of teasing and smug satisfaction, and
So full of
Cas slits one eye open, looking guilty, but Dean just smiles.
and the things he knows.
How had he forgotten dessert? Is that something Dean had expected from him? His stomach sinks, and his brows crease in a small frown. “I—no, I don’t, should I—“
Castiel swings his legs, dangling them out in the empty air beneath his branch, and sighs. Not for the first time, he wishes he weren’t stuck in this limbo. He finds solace in the knowledge that he is helping people, bringing them comfort and peace and clarity before they pass over to the other side, but…
But he can still feel Dean, that persistent tugging in his chest. Instead of leading him up the street and away from the water, it implores him to turn toward the docks.
Like this is what he’s been missing.
It would be so easy to leave. To bow out, and avoid, and let that one glimpse eat him up for years to come. But he knows Naomi Novak, and he knows that if she’s here, it’s for a reason, and just leaving the dinner tonight may not be enough to keep her away from him for good. She’ll keep pushing at his boundaries and the walls he’s so carefully erected around himself until she gets what she wants, and showing weakness tonight will not help him escape that.
.” He can feel his cheeks burning with embarrassment—this is
After that, then kitchen mostly returns to normal, with the exception of Dean. He snaps at anyone who comes near him, so his co-workers quickly learn to leave him alone. He's got a salad and a chicken dish still to make, after all, and then he's got to get some new dough ready to proof overnight, so he's really not fucking pleased with how today has turned out.
—great, hulking, noisy things that, thankfully, aren’t allowed into his graveyard. He’s heard what they do to people. So many of those buried in his cemetery have lost their lives to hard metal and rubber wheels and a speed greater than any human should feasibly require, and Castiel has no time for those contraptions.
Castiel’s ears are ringing.
Finally, he speaks, his voice a low, dangerous rumble that
... it all just falls away.
“Hold on, if you can,” he says, and then he stretches his wings wide with a loud
Cas rubs a hand over his face and leans his elbows on his desk.
It’s been two weeks. He’d thought time and distance would help, the endless string of shows and performances serving as a distraction, but it hasn’t. His thoughts keep returning to—
Dean bares his teeth and flexes his fingers around the gun. “Don’t you
watch him. He’s so confident, so charming, so easygoing—truly a social chameleon, especially in this place that seems so chaotic and unfamiliar to Castiel. The more time they spend together, the easier it is to see how much Dean draws him in.
Something thrums under Dean’s skin, as they stand beneath the storm and let the heavens open up above them, as he walks beside the man he has known as an angel, an enemy, a friend, a human, a lover. It hooks behind his sternum, trembles in his fingertips, sends his heart careening against his ribcage.
He thinks of Dean’s tongue curling around his fingers, though, and of the heat that had simmered beneath his skin as Dean had given him
Nothing beats the awe of someone seeing the kitchens for the first time. For a good minute, Cas just stares at the high ceilings and the long tables laid out before them, currently empty. The house-elves bustle around, many of them stopping to wave at Dean, who visits the kitchens more often than he might care to admit.
But Dean is nowhere to be seen.
It’s the early hours of the morning on the second of November, and Castiel holds Dean until he has no more tears left, until he is wrung dry from his grief, until the first faint light filters through the window and, finally, they sleep.
There are two days left until their isolation is over, and Dean is climbing the fucking walls.
They’re all fumbling hands and shared kisses as Castiel rolls the condom onto himself, and then Castiel is leaning back against the headboard as Dean straddles his hips and reaches back to wrap his fingers around the base of Cas’s cock.
. Dean feels his cheeks flush red, and he clears his throat. “Is, uh. Is there a reason you’re… like this today?” He gestures to all of Castiel, from his rumpled hair to his bare chest to the jeans that hug his legs in all the right places.
He reaches for the fly of Dean’s jeans at the same time that Dean manages to slide his hand beneath soaked trousers and wet boxers, curling calloused fingers around him where he’s hot and hard. He makes a soft, punched-out noise, his aim faltering with the distraction, and Dean captures the sound with a kiss.
“You,” he breathes, the single syllable barely a sound with how hard it is to squeeze it out of his throat.
His expression turns a little bit sad, and Castiel can feel his do the same. He’d half-hoped that there’d be a story about him out there somewhere, that people remembered him for doing something good instead of just being a forgotten name on an old piece of stone.
?” he asks incredulously, rubbing his palms over his face to try and combat his rising anxiety. “Surely there’s some other psychometric that your organisation is aware of who’ll entertain your insanity, Mr. Winchester. I don’t have time for this.”
As they walk, Castiel tries to get his head unstuck. He keeps bouncing back and forth between
So despite all the things about Cas that drive Dean crazy in a bad way, he stays for the things that drive him crazy in a
And so Dean eyes him warily, and with more than just a hint of confusion, then sits down at the offered stool. He watches as Castiel takes his own seat opposite him, and they stare at each other across the counter.
But one stormtrooper remains, standing motionless in middle of the battlefield.
Dean’s ASL TA leans against the lecturer’s desk, speaking as he signs. Usually, such a deep, gravelly voice would be more than enough to distract Dean, but this time…
“Thank you,” he breathes, and he’s a little embarrassed that there are tears in his eyes. Dean just claps a hand to his shoulder and smiles.
Show some love to the original
He’s standing over Castiel’s grave, digging a shovel into the soil with sharp determination. “Hey!” Castiel shouts, even though it’s pointless, even though there’s no way the man can hear him.
It’s fascinating talking to Dean and learning more about him, but as they finish their meal and set aside their empty plates, Castiel’s thoughts start to creep back in. Dean invited himself over for dinner for a reason—is he going to find out what it is now? Are they going to get into a… a
“That’s the one.”
Dean finds himself staring at blue eyes for a moment, surprisingly captivated—
Dean’s mouth twists in sympathy. “Yeah, dude,” he says, “I get that. Hopefully we can take your mind off it for a bit—I, uh, I brought ingredients for burgers, but I forgot to ask if you were vegetarian or anything like that…?” He trails off, eyebrows raised, forming his statement into a question.
Once again exhausted, this time from a full day of travel, it doesn't take long for Dean to fall asleep, tucked into the lee of a log and wrapped up in his cloak under Impala's watchful eye.
And then the events of last night hit him all at once, and his heart clenches guiltily in his chest. He’d danced with a familiar and put himself at least part way towards breaking his promise to Cas, and he’d
“Fantastic,” Castiel croaks sarcastically, putting his empty glass back down on the bartop and pushing it as far away from himself as he can manage.
Cas is fucking beautiful when he paints. Today he’s barefoot and shirtless, dressed in a dangerously low-slung pair of jeans. There’s paint smudged all over him, speckled all over the floor, blues and greys and reds that seem to blend with the tan of his skin.
a hell of a way to wake someone up, and one that Castiel is now becoming quite fond of, as he curves his hand against Dean’s cheek and kisses him. It’s quick to morph from something soft into a lazily filthy kiss, and Castiel shifts as Dean rolls over further, propping himself up above Dean and slotting himself between Dean’s legs as they fall open to accommodate him.
Dean curls his fingers into the collar of Castiel’s shirt, and can’t help but grin when his eyes widen and his lips part.
He wakes up, and he’s whole.
end badly for them.
“You don’t think so?” he asks, and Dean’s eyes flick guiltily back up. “Hmm. Well, I suppose that tonight I’ll just have to show you how beautiful I find you . How does that sound?”
“I have some, yeah. I’m sure we’ll be able to find one that’s a good fit, but I’ve gotta warn you…” He chuckles fondly, looking up towards the ceiling where most of the Air creatures reside. “You’ve gotta be a bit more patient if you want to get to meet them.”
any kind of dangerous even instead of seeking shelter, but it's a special brand of crazy that the Winchester boys have been raised with all their lives.
He grumbles to himself as he walks—cursing stupid brothers and persuasive boyfriends and whichever motherfucker decided that tents had to be so damn complicated to set up. They’re only here for two nights, and then Dean will get to return to the land of real beds and proper goddamn electricity, thank fuck.
He holds his breath. Dares to hope. His phone buzzes again mere seconds later.
From the tone in Dean’s voice, it’s more than clear that not having an orgasm is not Dean’s desired outcome of the night—and Castiel definitely wants to make him happy. He’s been
Immediately, every single camera on the red carpet is turned towards them, word spreading like wildfire about this new development, as the pair pause at the end of the red carpet and Dean stops to adjust Castiel’s lapels.
He quickly moves past his hesitation once Dean starts to get undressed, however; as soon as his clothing starts hitting the floor, Castiel can hardly look away.
He’s kissing Dean. Dean is kissing him back.
(See the end of the chapter for
Inias just snorts, and Castiel doesn’t even need to look up to know the fondly exasperated face his friend is making right now—he’s seen it enough times. “Of course you’d book an appointment with a tattoo artist without even knowing what you want,” he says, amused. “Hopefully your guy is half-decent, and he’ll be able to come up with something you like. If it’s terrible, I’ll still be a good friend and lend you money for laser removal.”
Currently, he has a casserole simmering on the stove, greens steaming in a pan, crispy potatoes in the oven, and a pie waiting for its turn to be baked. It’s all perfect, but still, he agonises over everything. The clock ticks on, and Dean is checking that his shirt’s still clean for the fifth time tonight when there’s a knock on his front door.
“I, uh, can I help you?” he asks as he jerks out of his daze, clearing his throat and awkwardly shuffling papers around to make it seem like he’d actually been doing work, instead of just staring from across the room.
Man, I was not expecting this chapter to get away from me like it did. I had this stuff planned for a few chapters down the track, but then Cas went and derailed all my plans. What can you do? Thanks as always to
. This means that maybe,
about you wearing it is making me want to stay home and let you do dirty things to me tonight, but…” He kisses Cas’s cheek quickly, grinning. “I’m being good tonight, aren’t I?”
He shifts, pulling back so he can sit up and pull his shirt the rest of the way off—then takes a second to just admire Dean, his bowed legs splayed out and already looking absolutely
The rest of it, the after, is a blur. He remembers the unofficial coronation, Sammy at the front of the crowd and cheering louder for him than anyone else. He remembers a few of his dad’s friends escorting away the Morphae who had set the EMP. He remembers being asked about his speeder, and how he’s made it back to the pack so quickly, let alone at all.
“I love you.”
Dean shrugs his shoulder, waves a hand nonchalantly. There’s a tiredness behind his eyes. “It’s fine, Cas, it’s… sub stuff, I guess, kinda similar to what you’ve been dealing with. I know how to cope with it, though. Plus, we didn’t come here to talk about me.” The corner of his mouth lifts in a small smile. “How have you been? I—I’m sorry again for Saturday night, by the way.”
Castiel Novak stands opposite him in the corridor, hands pushed into the pockets of his robes and an air of nonchalant relaxation about him. His Head Boy badge gleams against his chest, and damn, it must be nice to be able to wander the halls without being told off for breaking curfew.
It’s always nice when he gets to take a step back and just
He thanks the gods almost every day that he still has Charlie.
It becomes clear that Dean’s is no ordinary apartment.
Based on
plants.”
Dean is beautiful, all green eyes and sharp wit and a smile that could melt a thousand hearts. He’s funny and clever and
It’s clear that he’s upset, in the cadence of his voice and the
“I certainly don’t like having them unannounced.” Castiel makes his way along the empty hallway, ignoring the doors that lead off it—weapons storage, interrogation room, the garage full of stolen cars and bags of drugs. Instead, they stop at the door at the end of the corridor, and Castiel looks back at Dean, making sure he communicates the full heat of his intentions through his gaze. “For someone like you, though… I’ll make an exception.”
and then the date that the ship docked
tired, but there’s no way he can return to Dean’s bed now. Not having seen what he’s seen, and not now that he knows there’s the chance of accidentally encroaching on another of Dean’s private moments.
“Dean,” he responds, taking Castiel’s hand.
He forces a smile and straightens his back. “Yeah, we do,” he says, with a lightness he doesn’t feel, and takes Cas’s hand.
Dean had said that it can be easy, simple, but all Castiel knows are heavy hands and sharp, cutting words. It’s hard to wrap his head around the idea that… there might be more to dominating than just that.
so desperate. “Even if you’re not here for long. You seem cool.”
“Why is she here?” he whispers against Dean’s chest, his voice hoarse. “I—I haven’t seen her in years, so—how the fuck is she at my workplace?”
Dean sees an opening, the slightest slip in the alpha’s defence, he takes advantage of it. He ducks in quickly, landing a punch to the man’s stomach that knocks the breath out of him, then hooks his leg between the alpha’s and unbalances him. They both hit the forest floor with a
, Castiel can’t help but think to himself, and in that moment, he makes up his mind.
“Winchester, you’ve been summoned to an audience with the king.”
He can feel it coming, in the heat that pools in his gut and the feeling of tension wiring across his whole body. If Cas doesn't want to get a mouthful of come, this is his last chance to pull off.
The man pauses before he responds—Castiel can’t tell if he’s irritated or amused. “The people who come to my domain have spoken of you for a long time. First, it was the grim who seemed so very lonely but was always kind to his spirits. Not a single spirit buried in this cemetery has ever refused to cross over.”
Finally, they get a brief period of respite. They have to change out of their wedding finery and into something more suited for their wedding dinner, which means that they're both escorted upstairs and, of course, both ushered into Castiel's private
But whoever is running doesn’t stop at the motorcycle. They keep going past it, towards something that’s lying in the road—leather and fabric and deep red washed out by the silver moonlight, and—
Breakfast is a black coffee and a half-assed meal of eggs and bacon and whatever the hell else he can find around his kitchen and throw into a pan. The smell makes him feel worse for a little while, but once he gets all of it into his stomach and he’s feeling a bit more settled, it definitely helps.
They’re doing okay so far, from what he’s seen, but the real test of what they’ve learned is yet to come. They’ve found the cave where it’s hiding out, and Castiel feels the familiar tingle of anticipation creep up his spine as he hands out a flamethrower each to his small group and reminds them once more of the safety protocols.
There’s the sound of a sneaker swivelling against the concrete, and then the heavy footfalls of someone walking back down the alley and out of earshot. Castiel’s heart is beating so hard that he can hear it pounding in his ears. What the
Castiel leaves for college, and while he still holds his memories of Dean (and his heartache) close to his chest, it’s easy to be distracted by the newness of it all—new surroundings, new classwork, new friends. It still hurts, and he still misses the warm nights, the fair food,
Dean lets out a low whistle, clearly impressed. “Damn, Cas, well done. Sorry I… kinda freaked out on you.”
But Castiel is already shaking his head.
Castiel sticks beside Dean as they make their way up to the warehouse, always a step to his right and half a step behind. It doesn’t take long for Dean to find an unlocked door, and he presses his hands against the metal, slowly pushing it open.
It’s hard to figure out what happens next. He drifts in and out of consciousness, but the pain is always there, and it always sends him back under.
It’s a drawing—a drawing of the two of them, sitting side by side beneath the sycamore tree. It’s a little rough, perfect in its imperfections, but it’s undoubtedly them. For Castiel, who hasn’t seen himself for so long except in the rare reflection of glass and water, seeing himself is a little strange, but to have a likeness of
, he thinks in surprise—not that he’d ever properly doubted him, but still. Cracking a whole code in just over twenty-four hours is impressive.
“Ow! Jerk,” Sam complains as he rubs his head, but there’s a fondness to it, and also a relief—he’s not crazy, Dean is still here, he hasn’t lost his brother forever.
“Now where would the fun in that be? Your powers are too valuable to waste with a bullet—and besides, I’m truly curious as to what you will choose. My sources tell me that you and Winchester have become quite…
Castiel holds his eyes for a few long moments, then quietly says, “Good night,” and turns away to open the door to Dean’s bedroom.
I really hope you guys like this final chapter, and that you carry a piece of these boys in your hearts after reading it, just as I will.
And Dean is ready. Waiting.
Castiel curls his fingers into his palms, nails biting into soft skin. “I felt
Dean’s lips are twitching now, and there’s a teasing look in his eye. Castiel trails off, then squints accusingly. “You’re making a joke, aren’t you?”
