“For you, maybe,” Steve said, “doesn’t mean he’s interested.”
“Gorgeous, intelligent, and utterly unimpressed by you,” Rhodey said, his eyes closed, his arms still tight around Pepper.
“Do they have to be good changes?” Steve asked.
“I didn't-” Steve's face felt like it was on fire.  “I mean, not like-”  Sam didn't say a thing, and he burst out, “I did not have sexual fantasies about Tony.”  Which sounded like a lie, even to him.  He pressed a hand to his face.
Tony arched an eyebrow at her.  “And when do you plan to return it?”
“It wasn’t great,” Phil agreed.
“Can I give you a kiss, too, Cap?” Val asked.
“What happened?”
“Let’s just say, more than we’d like,” Tony’s guard said, his arms still crossed over his chest.  “Agent Coulson?”
“I hit ‘em where it hurts,” Bucky said.
“I did the bathroom,” Jess said.  “I wanted to snoop in his medicine cabinet.”  Carol gave her a look, and Jess shrugged.  “Once a spy, always a spy.”
“Please don’t,” Tony said.
“Don’t know if you know this,” Steve said, and he sounded amused, “but when you stop talking and start typing, that usually doesn’t bode well, Tony.”
DJ nodded, and on the other side of the massive mahogany desk, Tony grinned down at his paperwork.  “He's honest, I like that.”
“Right, now all we have to do is worry about mopping up the water all over the floor,” Steve groused as Tony scooped up water in one hand, letting it drip over Steve’s head.
“I mean, if you show up with one, I’m not going to say no, even if it doesn’t quite match your cummerbund,” Sam said, and he was laughing, Steve could tell he was laughing.
He took a deep breath, slipping through the door and pulling it shut behind him.  “Excuse me,” he said, “I think you’re in my seat.”
Mrs. Parker took a deep breath.  “It was a clean shot, at least.  He didn’t suffer.  Might not even know what had happened.  A gang of men had broken in, looking for-”  She shook her head.  “Well, I suppose it doesn’t matter what they were looking for.  Ben was in the wrong place at the wrong time, and he…”
Pepper shut the door behind him, turning to face Hammer without releasing the doorknob.  She smiled, slow and deliberate.  “Now, Mr. Hammer,” she said, pitching her voice for that soothing, coaxing tone that made stupid men relax, sure that they had the upper hand.  “I'm sure that we can reach some sort of accord.”
Steve’s fingers touched his pocket, feeling the solid shape of his watch through the fabric.  “Yes.  You are.”
He looked up, squinting against the faint light, and Steve’s stomach iced over as he found himself staring, slack jawed and stupid, at Happy Hogan.  Happy, for his part, was still whistling a jaunty jig, high and bright, as he stumbled his way through the mob of men, patting arms and shoulders as he passed.
“Manners, Barton,” Bobbi said, sipping her coffee.
The workshop door flew open.  “TONY.”
After a moment, Tony sucked in a breath, one last giggle breaking free before he looked up at Steve, his eyes wet.  “Thanks, Cap.”
“Right,” Steve said, drawing the word out.  “Deej, I got bagels.  Go get cleaned up.”
There was a beat of silence on the other end of the phone.  “Why, are you getting me a corsage?” Sam asked at last, and Steve’s eyes rolled up towards the ceiling.
“I'd say that's propitiatory information, wouldn't you?” Gyrich said.
"Earl is a horrible name, that's-" Tony swayed in his seat.  "I wouldn't have dated you if your name was Earl."
“How does it look like it's going?” Jessica asked, at the same time as Jan said, “It's going just fine.”
“Yeah, well, that's normal.” Ellen strode across the newsroom. “Okay, bossman, what have I done now?”
“Tony Stark,” Jesse filled in for her.  She pointed to the background of the photo. “And THAT'S a priest.”
“BOYS!” May called, and Tony picked up the pace.
He glanced back at the window.  “Except I doubt that the trellis would bear the weight of a fully grown man.  Someone’s DJ’s size?  Sure, if he was careful.  Maybe even a teenager like Peter.  But anyone bigger than that would’ve done a lot more damage.  And as for the lock?  The break is clean, and subtle.  A fully grown man who didn’t care about how the damage looked would have an easy time simple shoving the window open with a pry bar.  The wood’s old enough, even if the lock didn’t just come loose, it wouldn’t take much to break the window frame.
She hummed under her breath, a dangerous trill of sound.  She looked at Strange.  “Am I taking him home?” she asked.
“Best I’ve had, but you’re the expert.”  Tony pulled a glass bottle from the fridge and tossed it to Steve.  “Pure cane sugar, real vanilla.”
“And when has that ever stopped her?” Rhodey asked.
“My dad says I’m stubborn,” DJ said.  “That’s…  That’s enough for me.”  He took a deep breath.  “Could everyone sit down?  Please?  Making me-”  He stopped, his mouth working.  “It is making me nervous.”
“I really, really do,” Steve said, and Tony burst out laughing.
“Okay,” DJ said.  “Okay.”  He looked at Steve.  “Really want a cookie.”
DJ considered that.  “If I say no?”
Drew swiveled around.  “I can’t handle this,” he said to Harris.  “I can’t-”  He swung back around.  “You look just like him.”
He stood, and he was pleased.  He was steady on his feet.  His hands weren't shaking anymore.  He smiled, and it didn't.  “I'm going to go back downstairs,” he said.  “And finish my dessert.”
He looked back at DJ with a smile.  “In November.”
Slowly, awkwardly, DJ pushed himself into a sitting position, dragging his legs up and wrapping his arms around them again.  He braced his chin against his knees, his eyes blinking as he considered Tony.  “Steve?”
“Is he naked?” A female voice in the background.  “Is it a naked picture?  Can I see the naked picture?”
Then again, if Steve had been the one to put him to bed, he’d seen Tony looking far worse.
Tony grinned at him.  “Jarvis?”
That won him a nod. “Because someone is always going to come for me,” DJ said.
"No, you didn't-"  Pepper stopped, and he could almost see her take a deep breath, trying to compose herself.  "Tony.  About an hour ago, New York Now put a story up on their website about you getting married."
Tony's eyes fluttered shut.  "God, I love you," he said, and Steve felt his face flush.
“You’ve got your own knife,” Steve said, amused despite himself.  “I know you do.”  He kicked a clump of tall grass away from the base of the door, uncovering a flat stone that served as the stoop.
“When, in fact, it ended up being both.”  Ellen hopped down, taking the picture back.  She walked forward, then back along the wall.  She found the right spot and stuck it up.
They were all there, the whole household, and Steve didn't know how he'd forgotten that, how he'd let himself forget that everyone was watching him, everyone was there and judging him and at any moment, the laughter would start, and he braced himself for that, hating himself for caring what they thought.  What Stark thought.  Because it didn't matter.  It wouldn't matter.
Harris stared at him.  “Right,” he said, drawing the word out.  “Cool.  Have you considered giving him one less thing to stress over?   Just…  Because, you know, he’s probably having a pretty rough time of it, too?”
“We're used to it,” Miss Potts said, after a moment.
Tony's head came up, his eyes struggling to focus on Steve.  He swayed on his feet, blinking at Steve, and Steve grabbed him by the arm, trying to steady him.  "Who's taking your station?" he repeated.
“Damn it, Jan!” Steve yelled, his hands on his hips.  “Get out of my closet!”
This was a horrible idea.
He could see them now, Bucky’s big black horse a few lengths ahead of the others, but with T’Challa, Nakia and Sam forming a tight grouping behind him.  Steve stepped into the road, raising a hand in a wave.  It wasn’t as if Bucky could miss them, not with the way the road ran, but as soon as Steve stepped out of the shade, Bucky’s pace slowed, letting the others pass.  Steve watched, amused, as Bucky checked behind them for pursuers.
“No.” She reached out, pushing his hair back from his forehead.  Her fingers were rough, scarred from decades of hard work, but her touch was gentle.  “No, they shouldn’t.”  She leaned over, kissing him on top of the head.  “And best you remember that.”
Tony nodded.  “Let me talk to Happy first, then we can have Pepper get you on the payroll, we can work out the details later.”
“Sorry, nope.”  His dad tapped his chopsticks on one of the little plastic trays.  “Saved you your favorite, though.”
“Says it was your fault, and Bruce is more trustworthy than you,” Tony said.
“Right,” he said to no one in particular.  He squared his shoulders.  “Right.  Time to do just that.”
There was a soft tap on the door, and Tony looked up just in time to see Mrs. Parker peek in.  “Jarvis?” she asked.  Her silver hair was drawn up in a loose braid, her glasses crooked on the bridge of her nose.  “Are we up for visitors?”
Tony struggled against a grin.  “I always a very fine beard,” he pointed out.  “Now I'm just scruffy.”
Tony’s mouth worked.  “I-”  He stopped, his teeth clicking together. “No one told me anything.”
“Good night,” she said, disappearing out the kitchen door.
Tony nodded.  “There used to be a swing on the old oak there, on the North shore,” he said.  “I think it's long gone, though.”  He reached for a pad of paper, drawing a few idle lines on it.  It wouldn't be hard to put another one up, rope and a solid board, find a solid limb...  He tapped the tip of his pencil against the page.  “Do you know how to swim?” he asked DJ.  DJ nodded, and Tony smiled.  “Aren't you a clever little monkey?”
“No, not later, Tony-” Steve's head fell back. “Tony.”
Steve threw an arm over his eyes, his jaw going tight.  For a moment, he considered just rolling over, dragging his blanket over his head, and going back to sleep.  It had been a long day, on top of a long week, and he’d dragged himself home less than an hour ago.  He was exhausted, his head ached, and he hadn’t eaten all day.  All he wanted to sleep, and forget everything for a few, short hours.
Rhodey looked over his shoulder.  “I like it,” he said.
“No,” Pepper said.
“Got some jerky.”
“You haven't told anyone about this?” Franklin asked.  “Your dad?  Or Steve?”  DJ shook his head, and Franklin frowned.  “Why not?  You should tell someone, Deej.”
Obie stood.  “No one is coming to save you, Anthony.  You’ve sent half your people away, and the ones that are left?  Aren’t going to save you.”  He raised the gun, pointing it at Tony’s face.  “Up.  We’re going to go for a little ride.”
“Yeah, that was Darcy,” Jane said.
Greer nodded.  “I don’t have that problem,” she said.  “With…  All this.”
“Right.” Bobbi’s fingers uncurled, one by one, and she took a step back.  “Let’s go.”
“Right,” Tony said, drawing the word out.  “Patch it through to the main comm, Lieutenant.”
“Were sir determined to keep someone here, then…  It would be easy enough to take advantage of that.  To leverage his power to make sure that it would be very difficult, if not impossible, to survive without his patronage.”  Jarvis looked down at his folded hands.  “Instead, he has made sure that no one here will ever have to worry about where their next meal will come from.  They will never again have to take a job that is too dangerous or too painful.  Every one of us has the means to leave his service today, secure in the knowledge that we have choices now that we did not have before.”
“I don’t know what you pay her, but I’m absolutely confident that’s true.  So.  On the record.  What’s your comment?”
Her lips pursed.  “I should…  Drink something,” she said, rocking to her feet.  “Steve?”
“I'll go get something from the workshop, okay?” She waited until DJ nodded, and then she was on her feet, scrambling across the playroom floor towards the door.  “Change while I'm gone, I'll be right back!”
Rogers looked down at Tony's hand, then back up at him.  “Mr. Stark-”
“You flop around like a beached whale,” she said, the words flat.
“It’s hard enough that when we get a break, the best thing I can think of to do is to go down to the public cafeteria and wipe down tables, because at least then I feel like I’m doing something of some worth and I’m also not going to say anything I’m going to regret.”  He took a breath.  “And I know I’m going to regret it, Isaiah.”
And every other inch of space was kitchen.  It was sunny and bright and he'd lay good money that everything was just a little bit untidy, except the kitchen.  The kitchen would be pristine.  Tony caught himself grinning, despite the way his head ached.  Definitely Steve's place.
The kitchen was bigger than he expected, a big, open space lit by massive windows along two of the walls, with neat rows of cabinets beneath them providing storage.  Huge stoves covered another wall, modern looking ranges of polished metal and white enamel.  Down the center of the room, there was a massive island, the stone top polished to a mirror shine, reflecting the rows of copper pots hanging from the ceiling above it.  There were a few stools positioned at the counter, stacks of bowls arranged in early reach.
“I think it’s A Christmas Carol,” Tony said, as Sam strode into the kitchen.  “Late as always, Wilson.”
DJ covered Steve’s hands with his own, savoring the contact.  “Okay,” he said.  He tried to smile.  “Can’t charge.”
Sam threw his hands in the air.  "No.  Absolutely not.  I barely got him off my couch last week, you are not-"
Peter swallowed.  “Yes, ma’am.”
“You okay back there?”
He took a corner, a little too fast, a little too wide, and another car came blasting past them in the other direction, the horn blaring as Happy jerked the wheel, swinging back into their own lane.  Their back wheels spun against the road, the car fishtailing towards the ditch.
“Trust me.  So can a four star general,” Rhodey said.  He watched, eyebrows arched, as Shiro pulled the noodles out of the water and poured them into the bowls of broth.  “She says that her sewing circle watched your video.”
"Why, yes, they are, Mr. Rhodes."  She leaned forward, meeting his eyes in the mirror.  "Are you going to get him in trouble?  It's not well done of you."
Pepper twisted around in time to see Bruce walking up the stairs from the garden, a broad brimmed straw hat sitting crooked on his head, and a basket in each hand.  They were filled to the brim, turnip greens and beet leaves trailing over the edges, piles of dusty sweet potatoes and carrots, squash and stalks of round, plump brussel sprouts.  DJ trailed along right behind him, hopping up the steps, his arms wrapped tight around a similar wicker basket.
Steve smiled against his mouth.  “Love you, too.”
DJ’s lips moved, into a smile, into words.  “A syntax error.”
“Tiny bit,” Tony said, and Steve hit him with the pillow.  Tony gave him a look.  “Excuse me, who invited you to this conversation, Cap?”
“The irrigation system on the lower fields has been acting up,” Tony said.  “It’s not drawing the way it should.  And with harvest coming up fast-”
“You had like, six articles defending our position ready to go, didn't you?” Jess asked.  “You prepped for this argument and now no one's fighting you and you don't know what to do with yourself.”
“It wasn’t meeeeee,” Clint sing-songed.  He handed DJ a nametag, and DJ carefully peeled the adhesive free.  It said ‘Lost Boy.’  “Sounds like me, though, kid, sorry.”
‘Stop,’ Phil mouthed at Clint.
Steve's chin came up.  “With all due respect, sir?  No such thing.”
"It's okay, Bruce will rehire you," Steve said, as Peter tossed him the rag.
“Oh, clearly,” he said, starting the truck.  “Obviously, I was talking about Bruce.”
Steve's head tipped back as he checked the instruments.  “An hour, Jarvis?”
Clint took them.  “He can have my Johnny Cash shirt over my dead body, and what the hell is manatee?  What manatee?”  He tossed one of the bottles up, and started juggling them with an easy, practiced grace.  “I don’t-”  He stopped.  “Oh, wait, the shark one?”
It took him a moment, but he reached out, clasping her hand in his.  “I think you know who I am.”
Phil nodded.  “Shocking.”
“I am going to throw a slice of cheese at your head, I swear,” Steve said.  He squared his shoulders and focused on his notes.  He was not going to be defeated by a damn bakery website.  “Hey Tony?”
Tony made a face.  "It was half a burrito."
DJ blinked at him, and Val leaned over her folded legs.  “You seem a little-”  Her head tipped to the side.  “Upset.  Mom wasn't going to let us come today, but you never ask, not like this, and I said to Mom that maybe you were-”  She bit her lip.  “Scared?”
He stood.  “I know him quite well.  His offer of a position was not intended as an insult, or a bribe.  I believe, rather, that it was his way of giving you a choice.  Of giving you a way forward where you would not be beholden to the things that have held you back.”
This was already going better than expected.
A slight shrug.  “Don’t think my dad likes the desert,” he said, the words careful.  His head came up.  “Not anymore.”
“And I don’t trade you for him.  I don’t trade him for you,” Tony said, his voice rising.  “That’s not how this house works. There aren’t people who are worth more.  That is not-”  He stopped, struggling for words, for thoughts.  “You are a child, Peter, you are our child, and your job is to be a child.  Our job, MY job is to keep you safe, and I failed at that, Peter, I failed to keep either of you safe, and that’s on me, just me.
Tony grabbed another crab rangoon.  “Don't really remember,” he admitted.  “Probably just one of those things I had to know before I was allowed to join my parents at the really fun restaurants.”  He took a bite, savoring the combination of crisp shell and creamy filling.  “But I really got good at it when I was at MIT.”  He popped the other half into his mouth.  “Boston had some very nice dim sum places.  If you could behave yourself, you might get someone who spoke the language to take you along.”
“Sir?"
“One second, Jay,” Tony said, crossing to the sink.  He turned it on and stuck his head under the sink faucet, the cold water enough of a shock to make him swear.  But it also cleared his aching head, even as it numbed his face.  He pulled back, gasping for breath as the water rolled over his face.  “Right.  Okay.  Better.” He swallowed.  “Morning, Jarvis.”
Steve had never seen the point of that.  Which probably explained why he'd never gotten any better.  Because every kiss seemed like life and death, every time he tried, it was with every bit of his heart, and desperation never looked good on anyone.
“We do,” Pepper said, her eyes rolling up.  “We...  Absolutely do.”
“It’s…  It’s off to the left.”
Steve smiled.  “As good as his old man?”
Rhodey stared at the holographic schematic.  “They've got someone smart,” he said, his voice quiet.  “I mean.  Amoral.  But smart.”
“Tell me I’ve lost it,” Steve said to Happy, knocking shards of glass out of the way so he could reach in to unlock the door.  “Tell me Stane has some reason to come down here, other than what I’m thinking.”
Pepper stood.  “I have,” she said, opening the closet door with a flick of her wrist.  The boy, caught off guard, stared up at her, an expression of betrayal on his face.
DJ grabbed the discarded kite and held it up to Steve, his face alight.  Laughing, Steve took it from him, his hand gripping the crossbar.  With his 'sword' and 'shield,' he turned to face their 'dragon.'  "He has the tools he's made, and the ones he's been gifted with.  He has his courage, and he has something that must be done.   No matter how much he doesn't want to do it."
“Scotch or brandy?” he asked.
“Cut it out, both of you,” Steve said, his voice pitched low.  He smiled at Jan, who smiled back at him from beneath the fuzzy brim of a very impressive hat.  “I take it we’ll be talking about the holiday party today?”
“You're all horrible people, you know that?”  Luke shed his sweatshirt, tossing it onto a nearby piece of equipment. “Sweet Christmas, he's gonna be traumatized.”
To the man's credit, he didn't even blink.  “Of course.”  He came out from behind the counter, his shoulders hunched forward as he flipped through a massive ring of keys.  “What can I show you?”
“Okay.  Yes.  This is, this is a thing you're all doing, and it's very nice, why is there fabric?”  Bruce nodded, a jittery little jerk of his head.  “Actually, never mind, I don't dance, so-”
DJ considered that.  “Upstairs.”
“We’ll get in trouble,” one of the little ones said, and Billy’s head appeared over all the others.
DJ went, trailing a blanket behind him on the ground, and Steve watched him go with an affectionate smile.  He could almost see Tony in him sometimes, in the way he moved and the way he stood, in his moods and his quicksilver brilliance.  He could see the echo of Tony in DJ's smile, in his laugh, in the way his voice rose and fell when he was excited.
“I know.  That's why I'm not doing that right now,” Pepper said.  “It's just a charity thing, please, Tony?”
Tony cracked his knuckles.  “Then let’s get some tools.”
"Okay, as your friend, I'm going to say, you do have some tendencies that could be labeled slightly self-destructive," he said.  He glanced at Steve, his eyes kind.  "A little.  Self-destructive."
“I would never,” she said, and she sounded so smug that it was all he could do to keep from laughing out loud.
Her cheeks went pink.  “I think I saw him come in, yes.”
“No more sugar,” DJ said.  “Went looking.”
Tony gave him a hopeful smile.  “Yes?”
“For now, though,” Fury said, holstering his gun, “perhaps you should go and tell his parents what’s happening.”
Steve let out a sound of pain.  “Is that why-”
He sighed.  “Books only, I GET it.”  He waited until they were gone, then he looked over at Harris and DJ, his eyebrows arching over the top of his glasses.  “Need anything else?”
“If that wasn’t the password before, it’s the password now,” Rhodey said as Peter stepped aside, letting DJ bounce into the room, a plate clutched in his hands. There was flour all over his shirt and hand, his hair dusted with white.  “What’ve you got there, sport?”
“Are there?” Tony asked, his tone musing.
“Wonderful, truly feeling the love here,” Tony said, right before Pepper caught his arm, tugging him to a stop.  She brushed a light, gentle kiss against Tony's cheek.  He gave her a look.  “Was that supposed to placate me?  Remove the desire to blow up objects which are technically company property?”
“It’s a mystery,” Tony agreed.  He picked up the water.  “I’ll be into the cooking wine at this rate.”
Tony leaned over again, and DJ tapped him on the nose.  “Diagnostic over,” he said, settling back against the headboard.  “I’ll see you in the morning?”
“I honestly don’t remember, ask Parker, he’s like a Medieval monk back there, keeping a sad and melancholy record of my own personal Black Death,” Tony said.
“I do like looking fancy, but-” Stark caught the wrench that Rhodes tossed to him.  He spun it around his palm, long fingers flicking through the air.  His head tipped in Steve's direction, and he flipped off a salute that didn't seem nearly as mocking as it should've been.  “Don't worry, Officer, we'll have everything in order in due time.  You won't need to look for a trolley station.”
He struggled not to smile.  “Well, you avoided that.” He took a step forward, and she fell into step next to him, natural as breathing.  “So.  What happened?”
Tony realized he was still hugging his wrench.  "You wouldn't dare," he said.
DJ blinked at him, his face considering.  “Yes,” he said at last, and Tony choked on a laugh.
Steve licked his lips.  “I-” There was no good answer to this, nothing that he could say that wouldn’t make it worse for Greer, and he’d made this mess himself; he had no one else to blame.  “Someone…  Someone likes Sam,” he said at last.  “And I just wanted to make sure that he wasn’t-” He gestured vaguely in Tony’s direction.  “Interested in-”  He stopped, frustrated.  “That you weren’t…”
“He does, doesn't he?”  Pepper fell backwards, and Tony caught her, amused as always by her easy trust.  “I rather like his choices.”
Reality hit him like a bat to the side of the head.  “I’m not.  What?  I’m not sick, why would you-” Tony was still staring at him, and his face was terrible.  “Tony.”  Steve shook his head.  “I’m not sick.  I’m fine.  I’m just-”  Tony’s hand slid away from his face, and Steve’s chest seized, the loss of that contact a physical blow.
“Don't worry,” Steve said, wrapping his arms around Clint's waist as he started his slow, inevitable descent towards the floor.  “I've-   This has actually happened to me before.”  He heaved Clint up.  “I'll just-”
“I'll remake the bed in the morning,” Steve said, his head falling back.  “I'll load the dishwasher and vacuum.  I don't care.”
“Well, considering that you were the reason for that hangover-”
There was a beat of silence.  “In the group gym.”
"Sir," Jarvis said, his voice disapproving.  "Fashion should never be reduced to 'close enough.'"
“Steve?”
“He’s not coming,” Steve said.
The pandemic of 2020 hit me particularly hard, and therefore, this story may be more uneven or rough than most of my stories.  I'm going to thank you for your patience with that, I really did try to continue, despite the tough times.
She slid her arms around him, hugging him, her face buried in his shoulder.  “What can I do?”
Steve’s face was tense.  “Stay here, until I get back,” he said, and Tony arched an eyebrow at him.  “Mr. Stark-”
“I knew you were going to be trouble, all those years ago.  I told Abe, I told him, that boy's got no patience.”  There was a clatter of pans and oven doors, and the beeping cut out.  “I took one look at you, Rogers, and I knew.  No patience, and I told Abe just that.”
When they finally broke apart, Steve was breathing hard, and Tony was cursing under his breath.  “Oh, fuck this,” he said, bracing his hands on the back of the couch and vaulting over it.  Laughing, Steve caught him, both of them tumbling awkwardly back onto the couch.
“Yeah?”
“Stay here,” Tony said to DJ as Clint walked up, tossing the keys into the air.  “Stay with Clint.”
I want credit.  I originally had the last scene attached to the next chapter and then I realized some of you know where I live and would have absolutely no problem with showing up with pitchforks and torches, demanding justice for Peter.
“And it was easy to manufacture the paperwork to make it look like a cache of weapons was coming into the docks tonight.  A tempting target for anyone who wanted to make trouble.  Wanted to kill a lot of people as quickly as possible.”
"I'm fine!" Tony said, throwing his hands in the air, stomping up the corridor.  "Great!  You're fine, he's fine, everyone's FUCKING FINE."
"Right," he gritted out.
Some tension that Steve hadn’t even been aware of bled out of his shoulders.  He took a deep breath, and let it out.  “He’s fine,” he said.
“Lies.  Lies and slander, I am the center of your world.” She stopped in front of Steve, holding up an imperious hand.  “Off with it.”
"Is this the last of the corn?" Bobbi asked Bruce, who put an ear of roasted corn, still steaming in its charred husk, onto Steve's plate.  "Did we get another bushel, or-"
Tony stared at him.  “Well, fuck,” he said, the word barely audible.
Steve felt his face heat.  “Yeah, that's...”  He let out a wry laugh.  “That's not going to happen, Sam, I'm not-”  He stopped, and held up a hand.  “We're not discussing this.”
“Wait, what?” Harris asked.
It was waiting for him; the moment he stepped towards the fence, the gate unlocked with an audible click.  He pushed the iron gate open, slipping through the gap in the fence, and letting it swing shut behind him.  As soon as the gate settled back into place, the fence seemed to absorb it, the metal curling into place like a vine.  DJ headed up the short path, letting his toes drag through the fog that clung to the stones.  No matter how warm it was, no matter what time of day, every step would kick up a thin film of mist.
“Do not encourage her,” Okoye said.
“I may be about to ruin one of the best things in my life,” Steve said, “for purely hormonal reasons.”
Steve grinned, bright and happy.  "One."  He glanced up.  "Jarvis?"  He tossed the rest of the garlic knot into his mouth.
“Darcy,” Harris called, but Darcy was already there.
“I could’ve handled the sexual stuff.  I’m…  Used to that.  This is something…  Else.”
He pointed at her.  “I will go to work.  On one condition.”
Fifty years hence, others will see them as they cross, the sun half an hour high,
Jan gave him a bright smile.  “Thank you,” she said, digging into his contacts.  Without another words, she turned on her heel, heading up the hall at a brisk pace.  In a moment, she was gone.
“Don’t you even start with me, I am not taking it from you,” she said.
“Again,  yes.  That’s what orphanages do, Obie,” Tony pointed out.  “They…  Find families for orphans.”  He rocked back in his chair, one foot bouncing against the floor in a rapid tattoo, and Furbro jumped off his lap with a swish of his tail.  “And while I might not be the sort of family the Board of Orphans of  New York had in mind, money does cover a great multitude of sins.”  He reached for his coffee cup.  It was almost empty.  He considered ringing for Jarvis, but it didn’t seem worth the effort.  “I make a healthy donation, they have one less orphan to worry about.  That is, in fact, how these things go.”
“I gave you my statement, face down in my pillow,” Tony pointed out.
Steve smiled against his hair.  “Go where?”
“You’re still at Tony’s penthouse, aren’t you?” Steve asked.  He pinned the phone between his shoulder and his cheek, checking on the paper bag.  “I can come over.”
Tony nodded.  “Just...  Don't blame me if I barricade the door.”
"You can't get up, can you?" Steve asked him.
“We'll call you if we need help with the rubble,” Jessica said to Carol, who nodded.
“I’m willing to call that bluff just to see you try to stab someone with a chopstick,” Sam said.
“It changes everything for that one person,” Steve shot back.
“It comes with a mask!” Clint said.  Tony took a deep breath, and before he could get a word out, Clint continued, “That’s a plus, right?.”
“Jan!” Steve made a grab for her, and she danced around him staying just out of reach.  “Give me-  There's nothing wrong with my clothes!”
Trip’s eyes scanned the room.  “Does anyone present have any objections to the joining of these two people?”
"Mostly, he gets stuck carting me from one end of the city to the other," Miss Potts said, giving the man a quick, warm smile.  She slid into the car, leaving Steve hovering awkwardly on the sidewalk, unsure what to do.  Miss Potts leaned back out, her eyes canting up in his direction.  "Officer?  We are on a strict schedule here, so shall we?"
“Oh my God,” Steve said, because he was standing ten feet from Sam and he was pretty sure he felt the backdraft from that burn.
Steve blinked at him.  “Bucky?  What about Bucky?”
She gathered up the papers and started around the table, handing stacks to each of them as she passed.  “I have chosen assignments well within your abilities and your-”  She paused behind Clint’s chair, and he grinned up at her. “Attention span,” she said, handing it over.
“Lasagna sounds good, thank you,” Steve said, as he maneuvered the car to the curb in front of the Sanctum.  There was always an open spot there.  DJ wondered about that sometimes.  Steve smiled as he put the car in park.  “I’m picking you up at six, right?”
“I’ll take him, sir,” May said, striding through the door of the billiard room.
Steve smoothed a hand over his hair, pushing it back so he could catch a peek of Tony's face.  “For what?”
Jan studied him, one eyebrow arched.  “You slept with him.”
“He’s not.”
“In terms of pure wish fulfillment, no.  It is not,” Tony told him.  “It really is not.”
“And that's not possible when I'm talking to you, now is it?” Sam shot back with a wide grin.  He reached past Steve, pushing the door to the locker room open.  “Steve.  Can you slow down?”
"Yes, I got that.  I just don't..."  Steve shook his head.  "Right.  First thing's first."  He pulled up the camera on his phone and took a shot.  Sam would pay him good money for that one.  "Bucky, go home."
Next to him, Steve shifted.  “Stane.   He was the one...”
The words rose to a dangerous pitch, and everyone else was silent.  Iron Man took a deep breath, hissing through the speakers. “And when I finally picked up on his armor signature enough to pinpoint his location?  I find this.  So I am.  A little.  Stressed out right now, and I’m not interested in anyone’s opinions about it.”
A cluster of acolytes from the grand temple moved through the crowd, clad in pale blue robes.  One of them caught Steve’s eye as she passed, giving him a wide smile and a little nod.  He nodded back, stepping out of their way.  He didn’t remember them being quite so young, or so small; she barely reached his shoulder as she passed.
“Maybe the password’s different here,” Clint said, ambling along behind them.  He bounced the unicorn plush against his leg.  “I mean, it could be?  That wouldn’t be that weird.  It’s a different universe, right?”
“Excuse me, sir, but you were not properly announced,” Jarvis said, and Obie spun on his heel, the gun coming up, leveling straight at Jarvis’ face.
"I'll keep that in mind," Steve said.
Clint gave him a look.  “Try harder,” he said, ignoring the way that Rhodey was laughing at both of them, his arms crossed over his chest.  Even though he wasn’t moving, he was swaying in place, seeming more in tune with the music than either of them.
DJ rolled over, ducking from one table to the next, trying to put some distance between him and his crash site.  “Jarvis?”
"We're not certain of that at all," Tony said, waving a hand through the air.  "In fact, we're quite certain that it's a very poor idea, and we're quite certain that we're going to be doing it anyway."
He leaned over, dragging a satchel from under his chair.  He dug through it for a moment, finally coming up with a stack of brightly colored paper.  “Here.  Five dollars off admission.”  He peeled one of the coupons from the top of the stack and tucked it into a pamphlet, then held it out to DJ.  “Check it out.  Might be worth it.”
It hadn’t paid off.  He had low standards and yet, the content of the cup still didn’t manage to satisfy them.  But it was available, and it was hot and he was desperate.
She leaned forward.  “Judged, and found lacking.”
A lone man was seated at the table in the rear of the room, his booted feet outstretched towards the hearth.  The fireplace cast heavy shadows across the worn wooden floor and equally worn furniture.  A heavy tankard sat, seemingly forgotten, next to the man’s elbow, but his plate was bare, except for a few crusts of bread and a bit of cheese.
“I, too, am squishy and useless, albeit a little bit bigger than you.”
Tony chuckled under his breath, and Harris paused in the aisle, his eyes narrowing.  “Yeah,” Harris said, drawing the word out.  “I wonder why that is?”
He smiled.  “If your kid’s menu involves frozen chicken nuggets?  You’re bad at your job.  If your ‘gluten-free’ option is the same thing you serve everyone else but with half the ingredients taken out and nothing to replace them?  Then you’re a lousy chef.  If your vegetarian option is a plate full of side dishes?  Take your coat off, take your toque off, and get the fuck out of my, and every other, kitchen.”
“Going!” Tony said, and just like that, he was gone, and Steve missed him already.
“Why not.  Combines all the kid's favorite things, like eating and not having to put on decent clothes with all of your favorite things, like not being down here and not having to make small talk with people,” Tony pointed out.
Laughing, Steve kissed him.  He felt Tony's hands slip around his waist, reaching down to cup his ass.
"We're all fine," Miss Potts said, waving an airy hand through the air.  “Which doesn't mean that we wouldn't all benefit from an actual meal.”  She paused, a slight smile twitching the corners of her lips.  “Mr. Stark has the finest of French chefs, doesn't he, Natasha?”
“Because if you’re going to have opinions, I’d prefer you have them now, when I can punch you in the back of the head,” she said.  Tony stared at her.  Jan fluttered her eyelashes at him, a sweet smile hovering around her lips.  “Pavlova?”
“You're surprisingly sensitive,” Sue said.
“And I need to see him!”  Obie’s face was florid, his forehead damp with sweat.  He tried to shove his way past Jarvis, who set his feet and refused to give way.  Obie scowled at him, but stopped.  “Tony?  Tony, how are you?”
Unlike him, Natasha picked her way across the workshop with perfect grace, her feet somehow missing every fragment of metal and chunk of fractured circuitry.  She didn’t even look where she was going, her attention focused instead on the open cabinet door just to his right.  An overturned bottle hung halfway off the shelf, and half a dozen others were stacked on the counter underneath it.  One bottle lay on its side next to the sink, its cap gone, its contents drained.  “And what’re we drinking?”
Luke leaned over the bed.  “She's okay,” he said, with a reassuring smile.  “Everyone's okay.”
“One,” Bucky said, “ask if you can come hang out.  Watch a movie.  Have some pizza, or something.”
“Your place,” he said, because he was stubborn, if nothing else.
“I really don’t think you will,” Steve said, even as she took his hands, dragging him forward.  He gave Rhodey a helpless look, and Rhodey shrugged.
"Tell me Clint isn't at the fun table," Tony said.
Tony tried not to flinch.  “We just-  No.  I don’t care.  Why…  Why are you saying it like that?”
Steve did his best not to smile.  He wasn’t entirely successful, but DJ appreciated that he tried.  “Don’t like teleporting?”
“Doesn’t matter how good a trumpet player is if he’s going to put his foot through the bass drum ten minutes into the set,” Bobbi said, grinning.  “Or if the drummer’s going to take a cymbal to his.”
"Behave," she said, her head tipped in his direction, her tone almost flirtatious.
“No,” he said.  “No problem at all.”
Nat didn’t even glance over her shoulder at Clint as he approached.  “It’s what I do,” she said, moving to the side to give him space beside her at the banister.  Tucked behind a massive column, her spot afforded her a view of the expansive grand hall, but protected her from view from below.
“You don’t have to go.”
Steve’s index finger settled on the inside of his elbow, on the pizza slice there, overloaded with toppings and leaving strings of cheese to trail free of the crust.  “Always thought the pizza was self-explanatory,” Steve mused.  “With your history in New York, and Big Star.”
Another moment of stillness, and then something crashed down on her bed, almost sending her flying.  Shrieking, Ellen grabbed for the blankets, clutching them to her chest.  Jesse was sitting in the middle of the mattress, clad in battered cargo shorts and an olive drab tank top, her booted feet hanging off the edge of the mattress.  “Bitch, do not insult my art,” she said, her eyes narrowed at Ellen.  Despite what they'd drunk last night and the painfully early hour, she seemed completely awake and healthy, her dark brown skin clear and her eyes bright beneath the fringe of pink curls that crowned her head.
Steve pulled the blankets up over Tony's back, smoothing them into place with a gentle hand.  “Good night, Tony,” he whispered.
Sam nodded.  “It's entirely possible, and speaking of that, Jan stopped by.  She wanted me to make it clear to you that just because you were dumb enough to get yourself injured-”
“Sounds like a woman of sense and wisdom,” Steve said, grabbing the stack of cups and piling them in the crook of his elbow.  With his other hand, he picked up his plate.  “Let’s go before someone switches the film over to Die Hard.”
Obie shut the door behind them.  “Well, that was quite the spectacle,” he said, his voice quiet.
But it made him happy.  It was just a stupid joke, just a pointless fantasy, but God, it made him happy anyway.
“When did this become a group activity?” Steve asked.  He paused as Thor and Jane waltzed past, Thor humming a tune that he was pretty sure wasn't of earthly origin.  Steve got out of their way.  “I think it's legitimate that I get to ask that question.”
Jan's eyes met his.  “Do you?”
“I told him he should keep them.  Pawn them.  Make a mint,” Darcy said, scanning her phone to pay for her meal.
“Where am I and how did I get here?” Darcy mumbled.  She peered out at them from under one floppy bunny ear.  “Who-”  Jane held her glasses up in front of her face, and she took them.  “What-”
Tony immediately started fumbling at the buckle, first with one hand and then with both, pawing at it with far more energy than focus.  Steve watched him for a bit, amused despite himself.  "I can do this," Tony said, frowning down at the seatbelt.  "I can-"  His head lolled forward.  "You're a bastard, Rogers."
Down at the edge of the garden, the cop was crouched at the gate, his fingers smoothing over the wall.  Natasha watched as he rubbed his fingers together, his head coming up.  She looked at Clint, who shrugged, taking the jam back from Happy.  “Keep him out of the greenhouse,” he said, tipping the jar back, pouring the last of the jam into his mouth.  “At all costs.”
With a quick flick of a salute, she was out the door and gone, her long strides eating up the distance to the road, where her horse was waiting.  Steve watched her go, feeling a little better about their situation. The cottage wasn’t much, but it was more than they needed, and better than most of the places he’d lived.  And Danvers was no one’s fool, she had sharp eyes and strong hands, and more than that, a quick tongue.  He’d had worse commanding officers.
Steve wrapped an arm around Sam’s shoulders.  “Just for that,” he said with a broad smile, “you can clean out the stable.”
“I'll find you a hollowed out coconut of some sort,” Tony said, heading for the door.
“The five mother sauces of French cuisine,” Tony said with a grin.  “Name them.”
"No, I think I get what he's saying," Steve said.  "I mean, most of the time, when you live in a small space, everything's semi public except for the bedroom.  If you share space with other people, the bedroom's kind of the last line of defense for privacy.  But that's not something Tony has to deal with.”
He reached out, touching Tony gently on the breast, a few soft words spilling from his lips.  Tony didn't understand them, but somehow, he didn't have to.  Even he knew a blessing when he heard one, and to his surprise, his eyes burned.  He nodded, just a little.  “Thank you,” he said, and the man smiled up at him, kindness writ large on his face.
Steve stared at him.  “No.”
“Yeah,” she said.  She straightened up, and braced her hands on the table between them.  Her fingers, stained blue from the ink of her pen, stood out in stark contrast to the white paper.  “I did.  You know why?”
“That’s an understatement, sir.”
“Oh, fuck,” Clint said, staring up at the sky.
Rogers grinned, wide and boyish and bright, and Tony lost his breath. "I"m an Irish war hero, and Tammany's still a thing in this city."
Steve looked up to find Luke in the doorway of his room, one arm braced on the frame.  There was a padded yellow envelope in his upraised hand.  He grinned at Steve's straw.  "I see we've been raiding the juvenile ward again."
“He wanted to look at the arty things,” Billy called back.
“I mean, this isn’t so…  Durable,” the girl said, going on her tiptoes as she maneuvered the tape into place.  “Sorry.”
“I ordered a triple batch of Crab Rangoon, how can there be none left ten minutes after the delivery gets here?”
“Can you really tell the difference anymore?” Steve asked.  He waved at the containers scattered over every square inch of the kitchen.  “I’ve gone sugar numb.  Nothing tastes like anything.”
“But I don’t,” Tony said.  “Look, kid, brutal honesty time.  I’m going to take a guess and say that the only reason the Stark line has lasted as long as it has is that people find us somehow charming.”  He shrugged.  “Don’t beat yourself up.”
“He wasn’t around, not that he’d be much help.  But there I am,” Clint said, waving a hand through the air.  “Standing in the middle of the library, holding a vase that definitely did not belong to me, with three guns pointed right at my face.  Far as I could see, I had three choices, and I didn’t like any of them.”
That was apparently enough to whet his curiosity, and DJ hopped over.  "Hands," she said, with a smile, and glanced over at Tony again before holding them out.  Sue scrubbed lightly at one, and then the other, taking a moment to tickle his palm with the wipe and run it between each finger.  When she was done, she leaned back.  "There we go.  Ready for high fives and smoothies."
Tony’s head fell back.  “And what possible good can you do?” he asked, and he sounded tired.  “One man, against everything this city decides to throw at you, how many people do you think you can save?”
“I can pay for my own meal,” Steve said, but she was already shaking her head as she handed Tony the bowl.
“Yes, and yes,” Tony said.  “I do.  We do.”  He reached out, one finger brushing against the tip of DJ’s nose.  “More than you know.”
Rhodey grinned at him, his eyes crinkling up at the corners.  “Looking to follow his fashion trends?”
Eating off of it seemed like a bad idea, somehow.
“Right, are you going to have my child do it?” Tony asked.  “After he’s finished with your dishes?”
Tony snapped the ledger shut.  "I expected nothing less."  He braced his hands on his hips, towards the front of the room.  "Who's seated with us?"
“Let's go punch Doctor Doom.”
“Also not the first time I’ve heard that,” Steve said.  He rubbed his hands against his legs, trying to get feeling back into his fingertips.  “I don’t think I will be, though.  And you don’t, either, do you?”
“Eh, I'm nobody,” he said, licking cream from his thumb.  “Besides, I know where he lives an' we've known each other too long to bother with manners.”  He folded his arms on the opposite side of the counter, keeping an eagle eye on the rest of the pastries.  “Mostly 'cause his couch is more comfortable than my bed.”
“Steve.  If in six months, he looks at you and says, 'I don't want to be in a romantic relationship with you, we're friends, and that's all I can give you,' how will you feel?” Sam asked.
“Shut up,” Tony told him, then shoved the cream puffs towards him.  “Eat something and shut up.”
“That it is,” she said, tapping a finger against her lips.  “Know who’d fit right in with this mess of contradictions?” She smiled.  “A cop who spends his nights being a vigilante.”  Her eyebrows arched. “Know anyone who fits that description?”
The boy nodded, his chin brushing his chest.  "I'll keep that in mind."
“Do you remember me?” Nicholas asked, cutting Steve off.
Steve let his eyes drift shut.  “Okay, but if you don't do the voices, I'm going to be very disappointed in you, Sam.”
T’Challa frowned.  “You were supposed to-”  Okoye looked at him, her eyebrows arched, and he stopped.  “Right.  Of course you could not stop her.”
He didn’t know this cup.
Startled, Steve stopped in his tracks.  Because it was.
“Okay, so we were in the bathroom and Parker was having a crisis of some sort, where the hell were the two of you?” Tony asked Jess.
Jan tucked her notebook away in her bag.  “And I do,” she said.  “But it's been forever since I've been by, Tony just doesn't entertain the way he used to.”
“Well, that’s fine,” he said, twisting the pasta around his fork.  “More for me.”  He smiled down at DJ.  “Don’t worry.  If you’re here for more than a few days, Jarvis will figure out what to make for you when you’re feeling scared or sad.”  He held up his fork.  “Because comfort food is a healthy way to cope with a particularly bad day.”
“I’ll pass,” Tony said, sneaking a tiny eclair instead.  “I’ve already promised to pay for this disaster in the making, why am I here?”
“It fell in the fire,” Jan said, her eyes going wide in mock innocence.  “Oops.”
“A truth to be sure.”  Obie heaved himself to his feet and leaned forward, grabbing Tony’s shoulder.  “Stop this nonsense.  This old man’s heart can’t take the strain.”
The wind kicked up, and Tony shivered, the air slicing against his skin.  Behind him, Clint boosted himself up onto the hood of the car, his legs crossed at the ankles, his hands stacked behind his head.
“Probably not,” Steve said.  “You should be used to that by now.”
The officer nodded, a pleased look on his face.  Then he looked back down at his forms.  "Now.  Purpose of visit?"
“Water,” she said, her voice stern.
Sam offered him a hand.  “Why are all the women I know terrifying?”
“I like it,” Steve admitted.  “It’s…  It’s nice.”  Which was a very vague way of dealing with his very complicated feelings.  “But it’s not like any of his others, so I was…  Concerned.”
Stephen nodded, light curling around him.  “Then I will be back, in due time.” He took a deep breath, his shoulders rising with the force of it.  “We’ll get him back.  I swear it.”
Steve didn’t remember picking up the trash can lid.  He didn’t remember much, between echo of that shot, and the point at which he brute forced his way through the crowd, plowing through them with uncanny instinct.  Knowing that they impulse for any sane man was to get away from someone holding a gun.  To get away, as fast as they could.
Peter threw his hands up.  “Thank you!”
Steve bit back a curse.  “It's a plant,” he said, because that was boring.  Flowers were exciting, flowers were romantic, flowers were a gesture.  A plant was none of that, which was only fair, because neither was he.  He shifted the poinsettia into the crook of his elbow.  “It's...  A plant.”
Steve swung around, confusion sweeping over him as he tried to find the source of the voice.
“Yes.  She does.”  Smiling, T’Challa turned.  “Make your way back to the city by the backroads, my friends.  There are forces watching for you, even now, and best you find allies and shelter before taking them on.”
“Since I found a guy who would answer the question 'is the weird American plane still here?' if I gave him fifty bucks.”
Something rattled on the workbench.  “He is not.  He is-”
The robot in the lead shifted forward.  “Target identified.”  One hand came up, huge metal fingers reaching for the boy.  “Surrender, or be destroyed.”
One hand slid across the width of the bed, looking for something he couldn’t quite remember, but when he didn’t find it, the sense of loss was staggering.
Bobbi's eyes lit up.  “See, that's a different story.  Tree climbing is in my job description,” she said.  DJ went scrambling past her, and she snagged him by the back of the shirt.  “Here, Pete, I'll take the basket, and you can take this.”
Tony nodded.  “I imagine it is.”  He picked his cup up, and set it back down again.  “You’ll tell me if you hear from him.”
“You can always use additional tiaras,” Greer said, her voice muffled by the fabric of her sweater, and next to her, Natasha nodded.
Tony let his eyes flutter shut, savoring the pressure of Steve’s mouth, his body, his fingers.  For a long, sweet moment, he just let himself sink into a mindless haze of hormone and need, listening to the soft, needy sounds that Steve made against his skin, and the sound of feet skipping across the floor.
He spotted Steve when he was halfway down the main staircase.  He was a measure taller than most of the crowd, and more than that, he was surrounded by a seething mass of little boys.  His head was pivoting from side to side, his face strained, his shoulders tight.  Tony watched, amused, as he snagged a boy by the back of his shirt, dragging him back into line, without even seeming to notice that he’d done it.
“Hi,” Trip said, and a pair of dark, unblinking eyes peered at her from under the hood of the sweatshirt.  She smiled, and the kid smiled back, shoulders hunched under the weight of the fabric.
Tony struggled for breath, trying to ignore the hand on his shoulder, on his arm.  “I need you to sit down, Tony.”
“You're telling me.  I had a champagne bottle used as a deadly weapon against me, and that's only the second time in my life I can say that.” Tony threw an arm around Steve's shoulders.  "Come on.  Let me introduce you to the joys of ordering food from a street vendor in the middle of the night while wearing a tux."
Steve leaned in, slow and cautious, his hands still locked on the back of the couch.  He held Tony’s gaze until the last second, until he could feel Tony’s breath on his lips, until he could swear he could hear Tony’s heart beating.
“It does you credit,” Thor said, leaning back on his elbows.
Peter grinned at her.  “Yes, ma’am,” he said.  “Promise.  I’ll go straight to DJ’s room and stay there, or come right back with him.”
“A normal Tuesday for me,” Harris said to DJ, who smiled at him around the stem of his spoon.  Before he could say anything, Wanda ducked back into their private dining room, a plate in each hand.  Harris craned his head, looking behind her.  “Clint and Tony still out there?”
Marjorie flipped through a notebook, her short, gleaming nails catching the light. “We're missing one?”
“Yeah, but you’re becoming a weird shut in at this point.  Let’s get you out from time to time.” Tony turned back to his holographic designs.  “Lunch tomorrow?”
Jan gave a little hop.  "I know," she said, grinning so wide that it looked like it might hurt.  "Didn't I do a good job?"  She tipped her head to the side, fluttering her eyelashes at Tony.  "Tell me I did a good job."
“Tell her that you're a charming ass, and you can take 'no' for an answer,” Steve said.  The door to the hotel flew open, and Sam stumbled out, swaying on his feet as he glared at the sunny sky.  Steve waved to him.  “Sam's alive.”
“Yeah, well, I can't do it, that's why I hate it.”
“Your girlfriend lives in SPACE,” Steve pointed out.  “She moved to SPACE to get away from you, what do you think-”
Steve took a deep breath.  “No.” His head tipped up, his eyes meeting Tony’s.  “But I felt I should give you the option.”
“Of course, sir.”
Tony shoved a hand through his hair, trying to draw a deep breath.  His chest ached, but he could breathe freely.  “Fine,” he said, his hand dropping into his lap.  “I was-”  He shook his head.  “Never mind.”
"You don't?"
"A solid grounding in the basics is necessary for any real comfort with any sort of dance," Jarvis said, smiling down at DJ.  "We shall start at the beginning."
DJ scrambled down off of the chair, his bare feet landing with a muffled thud on the carpeted floor of the library.    Jan smiled at him, her eyes dancing.  “That wasn't so bad, was it?”
“Excuse me, give me a minute.”  Harris stepped between Tony and the registration table.  “Can you not?” Harris stared at him, his eyebrows drawn up in a sharp line.  “Can you-” He waved a hand behind him.  “She’s saying it like that because there’s a guy over there in a bow tie and holding a clipboard, and I know you’ve never had to deal with a supervisor in your entire life, but for everyone else on Earth, we know what that means.  She’s saying it like that because she has to, because that guy-” He stabbed a finger in the man’s direction.   “Is watching her to make sure that she DOES say it like that, so can you be less of an ass about it?”
Steve sank into the chair.  “I’m not used to-”  He shook his head.  “I didn’t figure anyone would notice.”
Above him, there was the shriek of stone on metal, and Callie screamed, the sound muffled against Clint's chest.  Clint jerked backwards, one hand coming up to cradle the back of her head.  “I hope that's you,” he said, even as he twisted them around, tucking her into the questionable shelter of the wall.
"Yes," she said, a slight smile crossing her face.  "He absolutely is." She crossed her arms over her chest, shifting her weight to one foot.  "We-"  She stopped, her mouth going tight.  "Not we, someone who-  Who isn't with the company anymore, used to say that he's teflon.  Nothing sticks."  She studied the monitor, her head tipped to the side.  "But the longer I know him, the more I think that's wrong."
“But I like numbers.  Patterns.  It’s…” DJ shrugged again.  “Makes me calm?”
“Would you recognize this man if you saw him again?” Happy asked.
Long after the door closed behind him, Tony was still staring at his empty glass.  “Yes,” he said at last.  “That’s what I’m afraid of.”
Jarvis sighed.  “DJ is likely asleep by now.  Please do not wake him.”
She screeched to a stop in front of DJ.  She held up a hand, and DJ tapped his palm against hers.  “Thank you for inviting us!” she said, as Franklin came across the lobby after her.
He smiled. "We spend all this time, watching for firsts, celebrating firsts. Know what? The firsts will take care of themselves. We need to focus on the lasts. The last case of AIDs. The last victim of domestic abuse. The last act of racial violence we tolerate. The last use of conversion therapy allowed, anywhere in the country. The last cross burning." His voice was vibrating with it, with the force of it, and he felt his hands go to fists against his thighs. "The last time anyone vandalizes a mosque, or a Jewish cemetery. The last time we, as a country, allow police brutality or sexual violence to go unnoticed, let alone unpunished."
“I’m not going to hack the fountains,” Tony said, and DJ muffled a giggle in his folded arms.  “And if you three don’t zip it, we’re going to turn this car right around and go back to the airport.”
“No, Clint is, as it turns out, vastly unreliable,” Jan said.
“Tell him not to cause interdimensional problems, I don't know how I’d pay for that,” Tony said, tucking his hands into his back pockets.  He managed a smile for Strange.  “But I’ll do it.  If I have to.”
“Right, I’ll…  I’ll be very careful chewing,” Harris said.
“No, but he’s a natural salesman, when he believes in the product,” Sam said.  He started moving forward again, and this time, it was up to Steve to catch up.  Sam gave him a look over his shoulder.  “He seems to think you’re boyfriend material.”
“Know what would?” Steve bounced the knuckles of a fisted hand against the window, almost grateful for the sharp, hard sting as they impacted.  “Your foot.  On the gas.”
Missing words were not a good sign.  Clint nodded.  "We can ask.  Steve can call Sue in the morning, see if they can come visit," he said.  He was silent for a minute or two, not at all sure how far he could push this.  "Are you worried?"
“Just tell everyone who asks where you got it, and you can have it for free,” Miriam said with a bright smile.
The elevator doors opened, and Steve paused just enough to kick his shoes off.  “Did he sleep at all?” he asked, heading up the hallway.
The tendril was moving, slowly, slowly, it was uncurling, as if whatever was holding it in place was failing.  DJ stepped back, his heart in his throat.   “Not HERE!  As far away as I can-”
“After all, they were offering me a position that included room and board.  I could save almost every cent they paid me.  We were used to lean meals and cold rooms, and I couldn’t imagine what we’d have at Stark Manor would be any worse than what we’d manage on our own.”  She nodded.  “I calculated.  How long we’d have to stay, before I thought we could survive on our own.
“MaaagicCon!” she crowed, and he resisted the urge to scrape both hands over his face.
Tony nodded. “I don't think I agreed to this.”
DJ gave a slow, careful nod.  “Are you?”
“Yes,” Stephen said.  “He went…  Farther than I had intended, both in distance and in strength, but the spell did its job, and made sure that he was unharmed.”
Behind them, Rhodey had DJ on his shoulders, his big hands locked on DJ's small ones.  DJ was howling with laughter, his heels digging into Rhodey's chest, his body canted forward to lean against the back of Rhodey's head.  Despite that, Rhodey was laughing, too, spinning in circles until DJ was tipped to the side like a drunk who couldn't find his balance.
“Of course he fucking does,” Bucky mumbled into his beer.
Natasha set her cup down and reached for the bag.  “Do you need more warnings?  A better way of tracking what's happening?” she asked.  The scone was still warm; as soon as she took it out of the bag, DJ could smell it, the heady aroma of sugar and cinnamon.
“He’s not here.”
“Ta-da!” she crowed.
“Yes, ma’am,” he said, scrubbing the back of his wrist across his nose.  “Yes.  I’ll-”  He nodded.  “Yes, ma’am.”
“As a matter of fact, yes, there was something for you this morning,” Jarvis said, retrieving the envelope from his tray.  He held it out, his gloved fingers immaculate against the rather dirty envelope.  “Your letters have been safely handed over to the postman, as well.”
“I’m not living in a barracks,” Bucky said.  “So I’ll be-”
The boy glanced back at Pepper, who gave him a bright smile.  "Let's all go," she said.
Sam shook his head.  "Please stop trying to bullshit me, it is just embarrassing."  After he handed Steve's cup back, his head tipping in Luke's direction.  "Everything okay with Jessica?"
“Your preferred caterer is named Bunnie,” Carol said, her voice flat.
"Stop it," Steve said, and he was grinning, his blue eyes bright, his hair flopping over his forehead. "Remember rule 22."
“This one, it wasn’t my fault,” Tony pointed out.  He waved the con book at the interlopers.  “I didn’t invite them.”
“Okay, I can,” Tony admitted, as Steve wandered past him towards the edge of the balcony.  "The...  Door's over here.”
“Her account is amazeballs,” Jesse said. “I only follow like, ten accounts and three are family members.  But I follow her.”  She paused, her cup cradled in her long fingers.  “Did you see that thing she did last month?  Where she demonstrated this year's hot hairstyles on Thor?”
“I will try, of course.  I have a few favors, that might yet be called in.”
“What're you having?” Franklin asked Tony.
“We’re not doing a sit down dinner, Jan, we’re not even doing a casual meal.” He shook his head.  “We’re doing a glorified cocktail party.  The food’s going to be a little bit more substantial than that, but most of what we’re looking at here is finger food, it’s appetizers, right?”
“True,” Hank said, crossing his arms over his chest.  “You also have a problem with pretty faces you’re not allowed to touch.”
“Was that the truth?”
Tony lowered himself into his chair, and picked up his spoon with fingers that shook.  The covered clay bowl in front of his seat was still warm, and released a cloud of warm air when he opened it.  Mrs. Arbogast did her best, but there was only so much she could do with porridge without Obie noticing and taking her to task for interfering with Tony’s diet.
Tony’s jaw went tight.  “I have-”
“No,” Bruce said.  “Absolutely no.”
“Right, and what are you going to demand for keeping them?” Franklin asked.
“Okay,” Tony said, as he was force marched back into the chapel, “so thinking that we could actually sneak out the back without Coulson having anticipated that exact move and setting up countermeasures for it?   That was pretty optimistic on our parts.”
DJ’s eyelids fluttered, his lips parting.  “Stop,” he repeated, fighting the word the whole way.
Obie gave her a look, and Tony held up a hand.  “We'll-  We'll just let Jarvis handle it.”
She struggled not to smile.  “Yes, Mr. Stark.”
And scattered between the books were toys.  Big metal tops, painted in bright colors.   Boxes of wooden blocks.  Tin soldiers, arranged in neat lines, complete with figures on horseback and tiny wheeled canons.  Toy cars and trains, their metallic wheels gleaming even under a layer of dust.  Wooden boats with ornate cloth sails and string rigging.  A huge glass jar filled with marbles in a hundred different colors and patterns.
Tony gave it a wary look.  “What-”
Jess gave a happy squeak and started combing, her hands sliding over Greer’s hair.  Carol took a seat across from them.  “Where did you even pull that comb from??” she asked, arms folded on the table in front of her.
“Are you paying attention right now?” Pepper asked him.
Time after time, Steve had ridden out ahead, chasing the flight of birds that fluttered through the clear skies above the road, or keeping pace with the hares that darted through the underbrush.  Now and again, he had gone as fast as he could, giving Nomad his head, letting him run as fast as he pleased.  When he reached a fork in the road, or a bend that would take him out of sight, he slowed, savoring the warmth of the sunlight on his face.
“Clint,” Darcy said, distracting him with ruthless efficiency.  “Desert time.”
DJ considered him, caught mid-bite.  He nodded, the donut still clamped between his teeth.  “See,” Rhodey said with a grin.  “At least one Stark has taste.”
“Right,” Steve said.
“This way,” Clint said, and he looked at Harris.  “You with us, there, buddy?”
But whatever was up there, hanging in the darkness over their heads, blocking the light of the street, it didn't move.  Clint decided he was going to consider that win.
“Some,” DJ said, with all due gravity.
Rogers leaned forward.  “Get to work, Mr. Stark.”  He chuckled, and the warmth of his breath ghosted against the curve of Tony's ear, making him shiver.  “Impress me.”
Jesse's chin dipped in a small nod.  “Yes.  I've got a dozen or more.”  Her head tipped to the side.  “Are you running it?  Or are we shopping it around to someone who will?”
“I know my gluten,” Tony said, his shoulders hunched as he worked the rolling pin across the span of the dough.  “Don’t even-”  He reached over to the bowl, scooping flour up in the cradle of his fingers, scattering it across the surface of the dough.  “I know my gluten.”
“Clear the street, and get that girl out of there,” Steve snapped, and the robot swung again, fending Thor off, and it clipped the edge of a building scaffold, knocking the whole thing sideways.  Tony went in shooting, trying to disintegrate the pieces before they could hit the ground, low level repulsor blasts taking out wooden platforms and chunks of metal pipe.
Sue pressed both hands to her face.  “Oh, God,” she mumbled through her fingers.
Jarvis nodded.  “This is true.  Perhaps I should say, he hit Anthony in front of me once.”  He took a deep breath, his eyes hooded.  “I picked him up, and I carried him back to his room.  I washed his face, helped him into his pajamas, and put him to bed with a cup of cocoa.
Phil stared at him for a long moment.  “What do you think, Clint?” he asked.
DJ shook his head.  “Or a plane.”  He thought for a second.  “Or a buffet.  Or a hotel.”
"Those don't fit you," Tony said.  "At all."
“I think that’s one lioness who knows how to handle a wayward cub, but if you wanna take your chances, the stable’s just out back,” Bucky said, taking Steve’s mug out of his hand.  “You can wash the dishes before you fight the horses for a warm corner.”
“Yeah, but it still stings,” Bucky said.  But he was smiling.  “Right.  So now that we’re here and you’ve pinned a target on his back, what’s our plan?”
“Makes your eyes pop,” Sam said.  “Trust me.  Your choice of himbos won’t be able to resist you.  Despite your lack of social skills and that hole in the back of your pants.”
“I did not, I just told you there was an emergency, and you dragged yourself out of bed,” Tony pointed out.  “With flattering speed, might I add.”
“Wait.”  Steve looked at her.  “Clint is talking to Tony?  In English?  Or in gibberish?”
Steve opened his mouth.  “I…  Appreciate it,” he managed.  He stood there, watching Tony walk away.  When the elevator door shut after him, Steve took a deep breath.  “That,” he said, his voice dire, “was not my fault.”
“Okay,” Tony said.  “We'll leave it right there, then, and you can come get it again tonight after dinner, or tomorrow morning.”  He stood up.  “You can take it, whenever you want.  All right?”
“Yeah, money's horrible, just...” Sam made a scoffing sound.  “It's lucky for you that I don't hold a grudge..”
Tony wasn't quite sure it that was annoying or just really attractive.   Possibly both.
“Can you stay where you’re put?  Just once?” Bucky grumbled as Steve swung into the saddle.
For an instant, there was silence.  The doctor frowned at him.  “He needs to be monitored, Mr. Stark.”
It was a very, very pleasant thought.
And Tony's mouth was still against his, his body frozen and stiff, as if Steve truly had surprised him.  That wasn't something he should take pride in, but he couldn't help it.  There was a thrill in outsmarting Tony, in catching him off guard, in getting even a half step ahead of that amazing brain of his.
Tony rolled onto his back.  "Is that..."  He sniffed the air.  "Carnitas?"
“But I’m fucking good at weaponry and I’m not good at the rest of it,” Clint pointed out.
Rhodey nodded.  “You’ve got it.”
Luke gestured in Steve's direction.  “You wanna do this?”
He went, but his shoulders were a little straighter beneath the thin fabric of his hoodie, his movements brisk.  Cynthia looked at Steve.  "You all right?" she asked.
“Stop it,” Pepper said, her lips twitching.  Tony gave her an innocent look. “Tony. You’re not a cruel person.”
DJ considered him, his big, dark eyes unblinking as he thought about that.  Finally, he nodded. “Why?”
The lash of pain was expected, and yet, it always shocked him.
“Making a deep, meaningful statement about environmental issues and popular culture in the current-”
Steve sighed.  “And where are you going?” he asked.
Steve’s stomach turned over.  “Your Majesty, with all due respect-”
“This is what you get for Christmas, you know that, right?  I'm returning your Christmas present and this is what you get.  My presence.  My illuminating existence in your life for one evening and-”
“Yes!” DJ leaned back, swaying on his feet and letting Tony support his weight.
Almost against his will, Steve felt himself smile.  “I suppose there are rules against that sort of thing,” he said, as Jarvis reached for one of Tony’s feet.
DJ turned the juice box around in his hands, his fingers tracing along the edges, measuring the length and height and depth of it.  “Seemed fair,” he said, at last.  He glanced up, his lips twitching in a slight smile.  “You needed to know.”
“I’m going to regret this,” Peter agreed.  “But I’ll regret it with fifty dollars, and most of the time, let’s be honest, I’m regretting it with zero dollars.”
Tony kissed him.  “Ask me again in the morning.”
Tony frowned.  “Everyone?”
“Of course you do,” Tony said, shaking his head.  The onions piled up in front of him in neat, precise crescents.  “Stop upstaging me.  This is my Japanese lesson, not yours, go turn on the stove so I can blanche my broccoli.”
“Hey, don't-” He barely got the words out before Steve managed to grab hold of his arm, tugging him forward, pulling him towards the bed.  “Steve, what-”
“God, no,” Steve burst out, and Sam gave him a 'that's right' look.  Steve squeezed his eyes shut.  “I can't believe I showed you.”
“Am I missing something here, because I'm kind of in the middle of this, and database management isn't really my area of specialization, so-”
Steve barely heard him.  He swung around, his hand snagging the strap of his shield, and everything clicking into place as he gave the car door a hard shove.  He heard Happy yelling, but he barely noticed.  He certainly didn’t care.  The door popped open and he was free, the shield taking the brunt of the impact as he hit the ground and rolled.  The momentum carried him straight to his feet and in a heartbeat, he was up and running, as fast as his legs could carry him.
Phil made a deliberate effort to unclench his jaw.  “Clint-”
“Guys.  Guys,” Peter said, waving one hand over his head.  “I can-”
“You could just stop reminding me of my poor choices,” Tony suggested, amused despite himself.
"Yep, and we're going to do some more.  You might not need it, but I do." Steve smoothed his hands down Tony's back.  “Upstairs.”
“Your corpse would still make a fine distraction,” she said.  “But it’s a short term solution.”  She peered down at Steve and Tony.  “Think we should extract the kid?”
And one, a brilliant cherry red that seemed to glow even in the muted light of the garage.
Tony took a deep breath, and it came out in a cough, hard and heavy, and he buried his face in Steve's shoulder.  Steve waited for it to pass, his teeth gritted in sympathetic pain.  But when Tony finally raised his head, he looked resigned.  "Riri."
Tony’s head tipped forward, his dark eyes glinting under the line of his brows.  “Darling, it’s been three days since we’ve been in the same city and you’re so wound up that you’re almost vibrating in place.”  His lips twitched up in a slight, knowing smile.  “Pretty sure me getting my hands on your cookies is a sure thing.”
He was breathing hard as he skidded to a halt at the top of the stairs.  DJ came around the corner and screeched to a halt, his bare feet catching on the polished marble floor.  He stared up at Tony, his eyes narrowing.  Tony raised a hand in a little wave.  “Hi.  Where are your pants?  We have rules here.  And pants, they are on the rules, so-”
“Boarding schools, mostly,” Tony said, amusement winning out.
"Approximately?"
“Yes, but brute force isn’t likely to solve this problem.” Tony’s voice was muffled as he leaned forward, the muscles in his arms and shoulders flexing as he reached up with his free hand.  “It requires…” Tony twisted around, and Steve caught a glimpse of his face, his eyes closed, his lips parted.
Steve put the lid on the teapot and moved it to the counter next to a stack of Chinese style teacups.  “Stop making a mess,” he said, his voice mild as he opened the oven door, pulling out the box of crab rangoon he’d hidden there.  Dangling the wire handle from one finger, he held it out to Tony with a smile.  “And maybe give your teammates the benefit of the doubt.”
“No offense intended, Officer Rogers, but you’re not,” May said, making him laugh.  She squeezed his hand.  “Head up, please, your feet are right where you left them.”
DJ blinked.  “Yes.”
His legs went out from under him, and the stairs rushed up to meet him, a collection of poorly stacked blocks that were falling out from under him.
DJ felt Furbro burrow under his shirt, snuggling up against the side of his neck on his shoulder.   He took a deep breath, and then another, letting the noise kind of blur out into something a little less stressful.  A hand touched his arm, and he looked up, finding Steve smiling down at him, his eyes worried.  “You okay with this?” he asked.
"Ah.  I see."  Jarvis shut the door, his eyes skimming over the small, battered satchel in Steve's hand.  “May I take your things, sir, or should you prefer to keep them with you?”
“Why do I care about the opinions of anyone in this room?” Tony asked.  “You’re all wrong, and I think that’s what matters.  DJ?  Do you believe in me?”
“Hi!” The girl behind the table marked with a sign that read ‘Registration’ in large, wobbly letters gave Tony a bright smile.  “Welcome to Maaagicon!”  She drew the word out, a sing-song sort of sweep to the letter a.  “Did you pre-register?”
Steve kept his head forward.  “What makes you think I’m interested in dating Tony?”
Still, he held the ring up to the light, rolling it between his fingers.  The gleaming white gold had been worked with exacting care, the pattern evoking the angularity and precision of the art deco period.  Up close, the artistry was obvious, the fine, precise lines the work of a craftman of exceptional skill.  "This is very well done," he said, his thumb smoothing over the pattern.  He could feel the rise and fall of the pattern, his fingertips honed for any small deviation in metal.  "In house?"
The door opened, and Jarvis stepped aside, letting DJ come bouncing past him.  “We are ready for swimming time,” Jarvis said, his voice calm.
“Is that an objection?” Trip asked, her eyes dancing.
“That’s the end of the week,” Jan said.  Tony stared at her, and her lips went thin.  “The end.  Of the week, Anthony.”
"I need to stop hiring subtle people," Tony said, turning back to the approaching delegation.  Steve caught his eye.
“Now, Mr. Stark, you best not put ideas into this young rascal's head,” Mrs. Parker said, but she let go of DJ's hand, letting him cross the hall to Stark's side.
Iron Man’s head flicked in his direction, then away.  “Wonderful.  Thanks for the backup.”  He stepped onto the road, one hand snagging DJ by his backpack and marching him along.  He stopped in front of Rogers, giving DJ a gentle push towards the car.  For a long moment, they just faced each other.  “Right,” Iron Man said.  “Right.”  He gestured at Tony.  “You ditch me, you follow Doctor Giggles to this weird Mirror Universe, and immediately hook up with another version of me?  I’m not sure if I’m annoyed or flattered.”
She moved in one swift, fluid motion, her hand snapping out to snag the neck of the nearest bottle, and pivoting to meet the threat.  The pale spot in the corner of Tony’s eye solidified, seeming to fade into existence, until Clea was standing there, on the business end of Natasha’s bottle.  She looked down at the glass, and then up at Natasha.  “The Captain made it through,” she said, the cloud of her pale silver hair floating into place, settling like a bank of fog against her shoulders.  Her eyes met Tony’s.  “He is safe with Stephen.”
“No, they did not.”
Tony waited until the bedroom door closed behind Jarvis with a firm click before he pushed the blanket back.  Steve glared up at him, his face flushed, his mouth a hard, tight line.  Tony struggled against an entirely unreasonable wave of affection.  “Just curious,” he said, flopping back against the pillows.  “What was your plan there, officer?  Running stark naked across the bedroom to the closet?”
Steve pressed his hands to his face.  “Tony…”
“Right,” Steve said, but Sam was already gone.  Shaking his head, he slid his phone into his pocket.  Walking into the kitchen, he instinctively looked at the clock.  Hours.  He had hours until the party started.  It was fine.  He was fine.
“Okay,” Steve said.  “Know what time it is?”
DJ's fingers plucked the cuff of his shirt.  His mouth worked for a second  “No,” he said at last.  “Hard.  It's hard.  Sometimes...”  His nose wrinkled.  “Don't come out right.”
Steve stared at it.  “I don't think Tony would approve of anything with that many flourishes,” he said.
The words 'I love you' hung so heavy in his mouth that he could almost feel them, and he gritted his teeth, desperate to keep them from being spoken.  Steve's hand in his centered him, anchored him, and he fixed his face in a smile as the reporters focused their attention on the street.
“No.”  Tony straightened up, and again, nicer this time.  “No.  It just…  Startled me.  He’s not me.  He’s not his dad, either, he’s just-”  Tony checked his watch.  “A scared kid who wants to go home, and we’re going to do everything possible to make sure he gets there.”
The second shoe dropped to the floor, and Steve pushed himself upright.  Exhausted in a way he really wasn’t willing to examine, he walked across the narrow room, dropping down into bed fully clothed.  It was stupid.  In the morning, he’d curse the wrinkles in his pants, but right now, he just didn’t care.
Clint resisted the urge to swear.  “Can you NOT?” he yelled instead.
Any kind words would be, as always, appreciated.  Thank you!
Nicholas’ head swung towards T’Challa.  “Why do I get the feeling that whatever is about to come out  of that boy’s mouth is not going to be particularly respectful?”
He turned a corner, concentrating on moving at a smooth even pace.  His life had been turned upside down enough; he wasn't about to give up his morning jog.  His heart wasn't in it this morning, but it gave him something to focus on, other than wondering where Tony was.  What he was doing.
“No,” everyone said, and Steve buried his head in his hands.  Tony reached out, patting him gently on the back.
Laughing, Steve dragged him a bit further up his chest with a firm grip on his waistband.  "Well, you're more or less upright.  Which is better than being on the floor."  He shifted Tony's weight, wrapping an arm around his waist.  "Arm over my shoulders, let's get you back to the couch."
“I’m pretty sure that I can find a florist who can manage that,” Carol said with a wicked grin.
Natasha grinned, her teeth flashing sharp and bright.  “He's used to it.”
“Yeah, fuck layovers,” Ellen said.
He gave her a lopsided smile.  “I wouldn't have asked if I didn't.”
Tony’s head tipped to the side as he considered that. “Would you?”
Tony raised a hand.  “I get veto power.”
"Purpose of your visit?"
Harris grinned at him.  “You pledged to his Kickstarter?”
Her eyebrows arched.  “Oh, see, that’s the problem, you think I built this-” She tapped the silken bronze surface of the still with one knuckle.  “Because I had to?”
“We need Doctor Strange,” DJ said.
“Yeah, I could use a workout,” Luke said, cracking his knuckles.  “Making friends and building bridges, that's us.”
Obie frowned at him.  “What do you think-”
“You watching this?”
“We end up booked there an awful lot,” Tony said.
“Of course I will,” Jarvis said.  “And as the one who collects the post every day, it would also be my pleasure to make sure your letters reach him.”
Franklin's eyes flicked up towards the ceiling.  “Val.  You're NINE.”
“I think we both had our fill of talking,” Tony said.  “I wasn’t particularly-” He stressed the word.  “Interested in continuing a useless conversation.  I disapprove of him wasting his life, he disapproves of me not wasting mine.  All of his vaulted concern for my well-being was apparently tied to the a set of orders from his superiors.” He picked up his coffee, glaring at the cold depths.  “He got what he wanted, and he left.  Discussion over.”
Steve propped his hands on his hips, trying not to laugh, as the boys swerved back and forth across the grand hall, leaving a wobbly, uneven streak of wet stone behind them.  Their peels of laughter drowned out the pounding of their feet, and after several minutes of tearing in circles, they stumbled to a stop. DJ flopped onto the floor, Peter collapsing next to him.
“Good morning to me,” Tony whispered against Steve’s mouth, and he was sure that he felt Steve smile.  “Now, what-”
Steve looked at him, bemused.  "Is this-"  He squinted at the screen.  "Is this porn?"
“I’ll pay you for the-” Steve started.
"That's not really a fair assessment of the situation," Morrison said. He braced a hand on the arm of his chair, leaning into it. "There has to be a consensus, in a society, about what should and should not be discussed publicly. You can't just force your opinions on other people, as to what you can tell their kids."
"You do that.  He's not allowed back through that door until his temperature is back to a strict 98.6 degrees,” Bruce said.  “And now that the excitement is done for the night, everyone back to work.”  He glared at the kitchen at large.  “Now.  We're in the weeds here, people.”
Sam's eyes dropped to Steve.  “I don't know.”  He looked back up.  “He looks like you did just fine.”
“We could go to the theater,” Jan said, interrupting him, and Tony was grateful for the excuse to stop talking.  She leaned over, meeting DJ’s eyes.  “Would you like to see the ballet?  Or go to the opera?”
Tony had the gauntlets on, one hand up, the repulsor glowing with barely leashed energy.  Behind him, Fury had his sidearm out and ready.  Tony took in the situation with a single glance.  “What’s going on?”
He nodded, his head dipping forward, leaning into her hands.  “I-”
Steve broke the pastry in half, revealing the hidden cache of golden brown apples, dripping with cinnamon syrup.  “Right,” he said, wishing he believed that.
Tony rolled over, pulling the blankets with him, jerking them up over his shoulder as he went.  Soft.  Heavy.  Warm.  He curled up, his legs folding up towards his chest, and concentrated on breathing.
“Excuse me?” Tony said.
“Sam showed me Happy Days,” Steve said.
“I need to know what I’ve got in terms of liquid assets,” Tony said, his voice flat.  “And what, exactly, I can liquidate.  Quickly.”
Tony choked on a laugh.  “You are a shameless child, absolutely shameless.”  He scrubbed at DJ’s face with a corner of the towel, making him giggle and squirm.  “Where are your pants?”
Steve kissed him back.  “Don’t think they can?”
“Do you know where he’s gone today, at least?” Pepper asked Tony.
In the front vestible, just inside the front door, Pepper was crouched down, face to face and eye to eye with a little dark haired boy.  Tony watched, confused, as she pulled the child's cap off, smoothing his hair down with careful fingers.  "There we go," she said, smiling at him.  She turned the hat over in her hands, trying to flatten the fabric.  “This is too small for you, isn't it?  Maybe we'll talk to May, she'll get us some better clothes for you.”
“Probably.”
Tony studied her.  She was the only one in the registration area, other than an older man in a checkered waistcoat and a cape, leaning against a nearby wall, squinting down at a clipboard.  Tony didn’t want anything to do with him, or the wooden wand tucked in the pocket of his vest.
“What do you want for those photos?”
Drew stared at DJ.  DJ stared back, his lips pursed around the straw of his juice box.  Drew’s eyes narrowed.  “You’re a Stark,” he said to DJ.
"Jarvis's mad at you," Steve said, pushing away from the bedroom doorway.  He crossed to the bed, setting the cup of coffee down on the bedside table within Tony's reach.  "Now you're in trouble."
“I want it noted that I object to every part of this,” Tony said.
Smiling, Steve stroked a hand up and down along the length of Tony's breastbone, waiting for his labored breathing to smooth out before he closed his eyes.  “I think I'm going to need some help.”
“And I’m in hell,” Tony said.
“It's almost as if you find yourself in this situation more than you would like,” Jarvis said, and Tony paused.
Dummy disappeared, and came back up, a thick file folder in his claw.  Tony reached for it, and Dummy rolled backwards, holding it out of reach.  “ Is that one of mine?”
She was dressed in a simple white shirt, the sleeves rolled to her elbows, and a pair of brown trousers held up by a pair of suspenders.  She was wiping her hands on a big red handkerchief, trying her best to scrub the damp soil from her fingers. A flat cap was pulled low on her forehead, with only a few strands of her pale hair slipping free from under the brim.
“I’ll give my father one thing.  One thing I didn’t acknowledge when I was a kid, and that’s parents are, well, human beings too.  And sometimes, you can be tired, and frustrated, and angry.  You can be having a spectacularly bad day, and your kid doesn’t know about that, or doesn’t care, because a lot of the time, he barely understands his own emotional state, it’s too much to expect for him to understand yours.
Ellen didn't look up from her work.  “Don't touch anything.”
He huffed out a deep sigh.  "Magic," he said, the word tinged with pained resignation.  "Fuck my life."
There was a beat of silence.  “She’s dead,” Strange said.
"Honeymoon suite," Steve told him, because he was not a nice person sometimes.
Tony's head came up.  "Wait."  He surged to his feet, fast enough to knock his chair over.  It clattered across the slate of the patio, making Pepper jump.  Tony didn't seem to notice.  "Where is the child?"
Tony’s shoulder flexed under Steve’s lips, and he shifted, making a grumbling noise under his breath.  “Oh, God, you’re a cuddler,” he said, and Steve grinned.
“No.”
Hulk huffed out a breath, and settled down on the floor in front of DJ.  "No."  The word rumbled through him, quick and impatient.  He reached out, his big hand hovering over DJ's head.  "Okay?"
Steve shook his head, but his hand remained firmly clamped over his lips.  "Nope," he said, the word muffled by his fingers.  "Not at all."
DJ gave him a look.  “Take off.”  He stopped, and leaned into Hulk's hand.  “Take it off.”  Hulk nodded, glaring at Tony.
Reed smiled.  “Is he still working on that Pym Particle delivery system involving plant roots?”
“Yes. Happy has long since left, you may take your time.”
“I hate you both,” Bucky yelled up to them, and Steve shimmied out of his pants.  He tossed them over his shoulder, grinning at Tony as he did it.
“We can’t-” The blonde shoved his hand through his hair.  “There’s a documentation problem,” he said, his voice low.  “Trust me.  They can’t legally get married here, but we figured this was better than nothing, and you know, it’s…”  He looked at the kid, his jaw going tight, before he turned back to Trip.  “It’s complicated.”
“I’m shocked,” Clint said. He grinned.  “But not that shocked.”
“I can’t take any more bad news,” Steve said.
"We will be replacing this trash-" Stark swept the kite off of DJ's head.  "With something structurally sound."
“So there were four high end hotels in the capitol and one's barely in the city limits.  I started with the closest one to the square and moved out.”
“No one here understands my art!” Clint yelled.
“Yes, please,” Tony whispered back.  “Come with me.”
She sank down into the chair behind her desk.  “Okay, this is-”
Steve stared at him.  Tony met his gaze without blinking, those remarkable, beautiful eyes locked on Steve’s.  “Did I?”
Steve clicked his cup against Isaiah’s.  “That, I can do.”
“The feeling’s mutual,” Steve said, crossing his arms over his chest.  “Are you going-”
“Cool, has anyone ever given you flowers?” Jess asked, pushing her menu hat back on her forehead so it sat at a rakish angle.
He didn’t know he was going to say it until he did.  He didn’t know why he said it, until he had.  Red metal.  The Roomba.  The chaos.
“I love you,” Rhodey echoed from the general direction of the ground.
“They have a nice little nook of a room in the back.  For visiting dignitaries and privacy loving individuals such as ourselves,” Tony said.  “And a staff that knows how to keep their mouths shut.”  He plucked a perfect sphere of blown glass from the box and held it up.  “I know this isn't what you wanted, let's...”  He gave Steve a hopeful smile.  “Let's try again?”
“She has a point, darling,” Jan mused.  “Best way to judge a musician is to see if he can play with the group you’ve already got.”
DJ knew what that was like.
“I hate that scarf.  I look...” He stomped back towards the elevator.  “Like a demented British academic.”
Steve reached for the basket.  “Yes, ma’am.”  DJ caught his eye from across the hall and raised his hand in a wave.  He hit Peter in the face with his rag, and Steve choked on a laugh.  “I think they’re both going to need a bath,” he said to Mrs. Parker as he waved back.
"It truly is."  Tony could only catch glimpses of it, flashing in and out as he cut between buildings, like an old, slow projector, rolling individual frames of film far, far too slowly.  It was mechanical;  it was clearly some sort of bot, big and bulky and moving with the sort of awkward, heavy tread of something out of an old sci-fi movie from the fifties.  Back when they still thought that the things that came from beyond the stars would be slow and clumsy and dumb.
"The shield took most of the blow," Jan said, and Tony realized she was still holding onto his other arm.  "But the weight-"
“But enough,” Rogers said. He shifted in his seat, one foot sliding across the floor, as if he was bracing for something. He looked at her. “You get used to keeping things to yourself. Things that are dangerous. Things that always go unspoken. You tell yourself it's a private matter, it's no one's business but yours. Back then, it was true.” He gave her a tight smile. “Straight white soldiers go on posters. Gay art students make them.”
"Manners," May said, her tone affectionate, and Peter grinned up at him.  She shook her head.  "Be useful and help DJ."
“Everything is falling to pieces and all of those pieces are on fire,” Jan said. “I guess we're calling that 'not optimal.'”
“Yeah, but I don’t want to get mine dirty,” Bucky said.  Sam gave him a firm shove on one shoulder, and he rocked forward.  “Hey!”
“Sorry, Jarvis,” he said, as Tony flopped back against his chest.  Laughing, Steve looped his arms around Tony’s waist.  Tony grumbled under his breath, but settled back into the comfort of Steve’s embrace.  “I didn’t think you’d be back for a while.”
Harris’s mouth worked.  “DJ?”
“They are, yes, sir, with Officer Rogers.”
"None," Jarvis said.  "He has had a bowl of oatmeal, toast, and a cup of milk this morning."  He smiled down at DJ.  "And most of Peter's boiled egg, half of Miss Potts's roasted apple, and four slices of bacon that Bruce slipped him when he thought no one was looking."
It was true, though.  Steve could still pick out things that he remembered; the city may have changed, but not that much.  The castle was still there, high on the hill in the center of the city, the lines of it as elegant and beautiful as he remembered.  It loomed over everything, the turrets and walkways stretching up into the cloudless sky.
Fury glanced at Logan.  “Everything okay at your place?”
"If I may?" Jarvis said, and both of them looked up.  "I apologize for eavesdropping, but perhaps my insight might be of use to you?"
Bucky looked at Shuri.  “What?”
“Stay,” DJ said.
“Almost always,” Tony said, and he sounded remarkably cheerful about that.  Steve pulled back, just far enough to see his face, and that was a mistake, because Tony, rumpled and flushed and pleased, was the most gorgeous thing he’d ever seen.  Steve let out a breath, and it shuddered through him.  Tony’s lips twitched into a smile.  “What?”
“Good night.”
"Hello there."  Tony put some distance between him and the lump of fur, and DJ ducked back down, a faint giggle echoing in his wake.  Tony smiled.  "Who let you in?"
“I liked a fella, Bucky didn't, Bucky showed up at a party in his tightest leather pants, kissed him, and then broke his nose,” Steve said.
“Yes!” Tony said, throwing his hands in the air.  “All of this can still be returned.”
DJ nodded.
“I’d like to live through the weekend, so no,” Pepper said.  She stole another of Tony’s quick pickles, her eyes narrowed as her teeth sank into the crisp chunk of cauliflower.  “Maybe Sam will-”
Tony watched him go. “Meeting here was perhaps not my best idea,” he said.
Tony nodded, and his hair fell over his forehead.  He reached up and pushed it back, the strands tangling between his fingers.  “Nothing worse than a misbehaving mechanism,” he said, and even though Steve couldn’t see his face, he could hear the smile in his voice.
“Of course not,” Jarvis said.  He folded Steve’s coat over his arm.  “I’ll see what can be done to fix this.”
DJ swung low, the armor catching the headlights of the car as he skimmed along the ground, so close that the sand kicked up in a rising wave in his wake.  He did a wide loop around the car, and shot back into the air, repulsors burning bright in the cradle of his palms.  A beat behind him, the hot air from the repulsors swept over Tony, and his hands twitched, muscle memory from his own armor taking over.
“Well, I did set my alarm,” Sam said, the last word broken by a yawn.  “But my despite me setting my phone to ‘do not disturb,’ it kept going off with what it considered ‘emergency’ messages.”
"Everyone," Steve said, and it slipped out before he realized the word was there.  But she laughed, her pretty mouth drawing up into a bright smile.
Tony considered that.  “Well.  If it’s a clean bucket.”
“Try again,” Jarvis said.
“It’s not a-”  Steve stopped, his face going blank.  “Wait.”
“It won’t work,” Bruce said, shaking his head.
Steve’s chin dipped in a nod.  “Well, there’s a lot of stars up there,” he said.  “Might’ve been both.”
Happy sidestepped the thug’s grip, his body swinging hard to the side.  He stumbled to a stop in front of Steve,  his eyes bloodshot and blurry under the crumbled brim of his cap.  His lips were still pursed, caught mid-whistle, a cigar stub in one hand and a bottle hanging from the other.  His head swung from one side to the other, and then back, spinning in a full circle as his feet tangled under him.  He tumbled backwards, his shoulders hitting the warehouse with an audible thump.
“This is a shock to absolutely no one,” Carol said.  Jan stuck her tongue out at her, and Carol grinned.  “Oh, I guess it was a shock to you.  That's...  That's unfortunate.”  She patted Jan on the back.  “Poor naive little-”
“Right.  Your parents cut off your pocket money,” Tony interpreted, and she rolled her eyes.  “I don’t suppose this deficit has anything to do with your new hair style?”
Steve threw his hands in the air.  “Fine.  If it will help,” he said, pushing himself to his feet.  He headed for the kitchen, dusting his hands on his legs.  He heard Bucky chuckle and reached out, smacking him on the back of the head as he passed.  “Ass.”
“Yes, but Miss Potts is a cruel taskmaster,” Bobbi said, leaning over the back of Pepper's chair.
Steve shook his head.  “You have a secret…”  He looked at Tony.  “Would you call this a lair?”
“I’ll drink the milk,” Steve said.
Her eyebrows arched.  “Well, are you planning to do that?”  She hooked an arm through his.  “Come on.  We're going to go stretch.”
He immediately regretted it.
DJ nodded, and Peter leaned up against the workbench.  “Aunt May helped,” he explained, as DJ offered the plate to everyone.  “With measuring and that sorta stuff.”
DJ blinked at him, slow and deliberate, like a camera shutter flicking shut.  He didn't say anything, barely breathed, but some of the strain bled out of his shoulders.
Steve's teeth flashed in something that could be mistaken for a smile.  "And what history would that be?" he asked, and Tony bit the inside of his lip to keep from laughing.  The 'golly, gee whiz, mister' facade that Steve put on sometimes was endlessly amusing to him.
Stephen took a deep breath.  “The reason he can’t go home is that he’s passed through a one way valve.  There are wards we put into place, to keep Morgana from getting to him again.  Unfortunately…”  His voice faded away.
"Fine."  She flounced over to the bed, tossing herself down to sit next to Thor.  "You fix it."
Steve glanced over. “Yes, I found your collection of zesters,” he said, his voice dry. “But no, that's just some books. I left most of those in my-” He stopped.  “Downstairs.  It seemed like a lot of trouble to move everything, so I just brought the ones I'm reading right now, and some of the ones I like to reread.  I thought I'd have time to put it away before you got home.”
Laughing, Tony ripped the paper free of the box.  “Right,” he said. “Let’s see, what do we have here?”  He reached into the nest of tissue paper and pulled out a coffee mug.  “‘I’d delegate,’” he read out loud, “‘but the economy would collapse.’”  He grinned.  “Well, that’s rude.”
Cynthia's eyes flicked in his direction, then went back to staring straight ahead.  "The first LGBTQ kid to come looking for you."  She reached for the door, and Steve got there first, pulling it open for her.  She gave him an exasperated smile.  "It happens a lot around here."
Rogers stared at him, his face unreadable.  But he studied Tony, as if he was just as baffled by Tony as Tony was by him.  Finally, he said, “There's two things the poor don't get to have, Mr. Stark.  Silence and solitude.”
“What?  Why?” he asked, but he was already pulling the roadster towards the edge of the lane.
Steve shrugged, and took another sip.  "I blame Jarvis," he said.
Happy nodded.  “You think this was an inside job,” he said, and there was a vibration in his voice that Steve couldn’t quite place.
“I’m succeeding and it’s terrifying,” Peter told him.  “Maybe this isn’t a good-”
Tony wrapped an arm around Steve's waist, waiting just long enough for Steve to throw an arm around his shoulders.  “Coulson?”
“It's less that they don't get along and more that they like to teach each other drinking games, and if they start playing vodka pong, we're not getting the damage deposit back,” Jan said.
DJ picked up a cup, holding it out to Tony.  “Chocolate,” he said.
From a distance, he was aware of movement, of words.  Of the sound of a door, opening and closing.  But mostly, he was aware of the light, warm and comforting and all-encompassing.  He was aware, on some level, of the broom being pulled from his hands, and he let it go.  He didn’t need it.  He didn’t need anything.
“To snatch him,” Clint said.
Other than that, the lobby was deserted.
“Then you can just-”
He shoved a hand through his hair.  "Not at all," he admitted with a faint smile.  "Thanks.  Though.  For this."  He looked across the polished marble floor.  "This is...  This is amazing, Jan."
His breathing was steadier now, slow and shallow, but Steve could feel it through his shirt on the side of his neck.  He rubbed a thumb against the back of Tony’s hand where it lay on his chest, tracing the familiar lines his fingers.  Steve knew he should get up, he should leave Tony to rest.
Steve looked down at the stapled stack of pages Jan had given him.  His name was printed at the top in alternating red and blue ink, and the exclamation point after it had a star instead of a dot.  There was no doubt who’d written it.  “Apparently, I’m in charge of desserts.”  He flipped the first page over.  “I mean.  In a manner of speaking, I’m in charge of it.  She’s given me a full breakdown of the guest list, their dietary restrictions, a list of approved bakeries and a ‘suggested’ menu.” He glanced at Tony, his lips twitching.  “Somehow, I get the feeling that she doesn’t really trust me.”
He smiled at Tony, his head shaking from side to side.  “You showed up at my window that day, and you basically said, 'follow me home,' and I did.  Even before we were this, when we were just meeting, just friends, it was-”  His eyes closed.  “You just cleared a spot for me, and everyone accepted it.  You brought me to parties and said, 'he's Steve,' and that was it.  No one wanted anything more from me.  You walked me into the kitchen and said, 'he's Steve, what're we doing for lunch?' and someone handed me a plate.  No one questioned it.  I was with you and that was all that mattered.”
“You're the one who tries to ditch the team gatherings, not me,” Steve said, and Tony would've been insulted, but that was pretty much true.
“You've got enough chill for both of us,” Ellen said, and this time when she clicked on her email, she was rewarded with a new, untitled email.  She opened the attachment and waited with a great deal of patience for her graphics program to load.
Tony winced.  “Right.  Right.”  He took a deep breath.  “That might've been a mistake.”  His head fell back.  “Not my first.  Won't be my last.  But it may well be my most impressive. You know.  For this week.”
Steve looked at Sam and Luke.  “Absolutely not,” Sam said.  “No.”  Luke just picked up a stack of boxes and walked out of the room, whistling cheerfully as he went.
Greer looked up at Carol.  “How long has it been since you’ve had a date?” Carol opened her mouth and Greer rocked forward on the bench, grinning.  “With a man?” she added.
"How dare you.  You'll be hearing from my lawyer, Mr. Stark.  Now.  Let me see-" She flipped up the hem of Steve's jacket, ducking under it, and Steve froze, his whole body going tense.  She tugged at the material, one hand sliding up the length of his spine, her tiny hand firm through the thin fabric of his shirt.  She frowned up at him.  "Relax, you're ruining the lines."
“Neither was I.  That’s why I drank,” Tony said, saluting him with the coffee cup.  He reached for DJ’s Dunkies cup, and stopped halfway there.  He looked at DJ.  “Do you...  Drink coffee?”
Rhodey raised his head.  Tony noted, with a certain vicious satisfaction, that he looked slightly grey, his eyes bloodshot and his cheek bruised.  “Your kitchen.” Rhodey sounded like he was having trouble forming words.  “It’s to the left.  Where it always is.”
And it's Annie.  So that's saying something.
“Excellent.”  Pepper stood.  “Did you make them?”
“I’ll try not to take wedding photos with Darcy again, but we live in weird times, Phil,” Clint said.  “I can’t promise anything.”  He grinned.  “I won’t tell anyone we’re eloping, though.  I just thought, you know, it’s obvious that was a lie.”
“Ignore them.  They’ll be at this for a while.  What’s your question?” Fury asked, plucking a pickled egg out of the oversize jar with a fork.
DJ looked up, his mouth hanging open as he stared up at the fresco above the bed.  Tony followed his gaze.  "Yes, that's quite the thing, isn't it?" he asked, amused.  "My father had that painted."  He looked up, a piece of toast dangling from his fingertips.  The painter had been very enthusiastic, but not particularly talented.  He had, however, had quite the grasp of female anatomy, managing a dozen or so well rounded goddesses and nymphs, their charms barely covered by the gauzy film of their togas.  Tony took a bite of his toast.  "He was quite the connoisseur."  He paused.  “Of women.  Not art.”
"Right," Tony said.  He hated his life.  He shifted his weight from one foot to the other, a nervous twitch to take his mind off of his baser instincts.  "For...  How long, exactly?"
“Yes, well, the damage was minimal, and in Ben’s words, ‘they tried to kill us and they failed, let’s eat’ is appropriate for the season, so we’re all expected.” She handed Carol a fat stack of papers.  “Consider making a donation to the Yancy Street Community Center in his name.”
“Don't,” Rhodey said to Tony.
Jess’ eyes went wide.  “Wait.  Wait.”  She pointed at him.  “Were you singing Baby Shark?  I heard Baby Shark and thought I had, like, a head injury because Stark would not allow Baby Shark to be played in his house under any circumstances, but I KNOOOOOOOW I heard Baby Shark.”
“That's the best one.”
“We made so much money,” she said.  “Does that help?”
Tony opened his mouth, but before he could say something that absolutely would've gotten him in trouble, Pepper appeared in the library door.  “Officer Rogers!”  She hurried across the main hall, her day dress fluttering around her knees with each step.  “Thank you for coming.”
She looked at Steve.  “Who would question it, when his parents are me and Reed?  When his mother can turn invisible and his father can stretch like a rubber band?  What's normal in this family, what's-”
“That went well,” Marcy said to Pepper, who nodded.
Sam nodded.  “Steve, two thirds of the tri-state area has had sexual fantasies about Tony.  So if you haven't, you're in the minority on that.”  He leaned forward.  "Now, if I WAS your therapist-"
Steve nodded.  “I know, it's just-”
“Excuse me, sir.”
“You enjoy that a lot,” Tony said, and it was okay, because he was smiling, his face relaxed, and his eyes bright.  “I know.  I can tell that, there's certain signs that-”
Tony slowed down, just a little, just enough for her to catch up. “Know what would fix that problem?” he gritted out.
“Happy’s off getting a drink,” Tony said, ruffling DJ’s hair.  “Do you want to stay with the other boys?” he asked, and DJ nodded.  “Then we’ll go with Steve and the others, and meet you at the end of the movie.”
“Sean,” Steve said, from right behind Tony.  “What are you doing here?  How did you even get all the way out here?”
“Are you all right?” Clint snapped.  “Is this-”
Jarvis sighed.  “Yes, sir.  I should.  I’m doing my best to accomplish that, right now, and you’re proving to be the biggest impediment to the process.”
Tony exhaled, and his mouth felt dry.  “Why do you let him?” he asked, and it came out with a hard edge of accusation.  Rogers looked up, his expression curious, and Tony rocked back and forth on his feet, the hard dirt road giving him no traction.  “He’s a child.  How can you-”  He stopped, swallowing the rest.
“Among others,” Steve said.  He shifted, the shield bumping against his knees.  He gripped the rim, holding himself together with the same grip.  “Does everyone in the house have a codename?”
"I think he's a charming dinner companion," Pepper said, as Rhodey slid her chair in before taking his own seat.  "He's likely quieter than most of the ones who show up at this table."
Tony ignored that, turning on the water.  “You just got into that bath, scrub something.”
He reached for his pen, and his fingers slid across the polished wood of his desk, the pen skittering out of reach.  Tony frowned, making another grab for it, and his fingers refused to cooperate, spasming as he tried to get a grip on the thin cylinder.
Ellen waited.  It was futile, and she knew it, because Jesse could outstare a stone statue.  But she hated giving in so quickly.  “Since when do you have a source at the fucking Symkaria airport?”
"You'd marry Beyoncé?" Tony asked him, struggling against a grin.
“I outsource that.  Jarvis?” Pepper asked.
Steve's shoulder twitched, his fingers twisting the fabric of the blankets.  “What if I'm not?”
“That's how it's going to be spun by the media,” she said, her voice calm and firm.  “That's the message that's going to go out.”  She leaned back, cradling her pen between her fingers.  She rotated it, slow and controlled.  “That's what you're going to face.   Which isn't a problem.” Her eyes slid from Tony to Steve and back.  “You both have the political currency to weather this storm.  It'll end up on a few highlight reels a few years from now, it'll be the go-to joke of a lot of bad stand up comedians.”  She arched an eyebrow, her voice sardonic. “Remember that time that Iron Man and Captain America got hitched?”
Peter blinked at him.  “Oh,” he said at last.  “Because, when Aunt May says ‘earmuffs,’ she wants me to cover my ears, mostly so she can yell at you and I thought that was what-”
"Thank you."  Tony folded his hands against his stomach.  “I remember what happened.  But not so-”  He stopped, his mouth going tight.  “I don't remember much, Deej, if I'm being honest.  It's there, but I'm hazy on the details, which, let's face it, that's pretty much how I live my life.”  He let his head fall back.  “Hazy on the details.”
Gyrich nodded, the movement of his head very slow.  “Actually, it does,” he said, his voice pleasant.  “But let's be clear, Captain.  I don't answer to you.  I don't answer to the press, public opinion, or the American people.  I am here, Project Wideawake is here, as a security measure to protect the people who will likely not appreciate what we are doing for them.  To keep them safe.  To make sure that everyone is treated equally under the law, no matter how much of a threat that they present.”
“Yes,” Jarvis said.
“Children, let’s behave,” Natasha said, crossing her legs.  “Or Santa won’t bring you any presents.”
Jarvis lowered the tray down to the bedside table.  “Shall I lay out your clothes for the day?” he asked.  Tony got the impression that he was enjoying this situation.
Tony grinned against his mouth.  “I’m willing to call your bluff here,” he said.  “Since you’d feel obligated to repair it if you did.”
“Got her,” Tony said, except he didn't, there was still debris littering the streets, and the girl had ducked behind the construction barriers, using the concrete blocks to provide her with whatever cover she could manage.  The robot stumbled, knocked off balance by a blow from Thor, its foot clipping an empty car and sending it crashing into the front of a nearby building.  “Cap, we need-”
“That’s a lie,” Pepper said.
"Yes, sir."
Tony smiled at him.  “I'm going to leave that to your aunt.”
Jesse held up the manila folder in her hand.  “That mean you don't want my photo files any more?  Cause that's cool.  You've got enough crazy here.  You don't really need any more, do you?”  She balanced the folder in one hand, flipping through the pictures.  “I've got a good one here of Stark from the opening of StarkTower, and-”
“Why…”  Clint shook his head.  “Why would Rogers give a goddamn about the trees in the-”
"Let's be honest, we all know it was gonna happen," Clint said, unconcerned.  He sat back down, straddling his chair and folding his arms on the back.  "It was less the money and more owning it."
Tony’s hand slid up and down DJ’s back, his head tipped to the side.  “I’ll answer your questions if you’ll answer mine,” he said.
Darcy was staring at the churro in her hand, her face set in a frown.  She tipped it to the side, releasing a cascade of cinnamon sugar.  “I paid nine dollars for this.”
He reached for his croissant.  “Especially someone we love.  No body’s getting a new hair cut and going home and hoping for ‘well, that’s something you chose to do and I support you in your body autonomy,’” he said, his voice grim.  Steve hid his smile behind this coffee cup, and Rhodey grinned at him.  “Yeah, i see that.  You think you’re sneaky, but you’re not.”  He pointed the croissant at Steve. “Yeah.  He was drunk.  But it wasn’t a spur of the moment thing, it was a design his artist already had.
"You believe what you want to believe," Tony said, because bullshitting was so much more fun when it wasn't bullshit at all.  "What plates?"
“After you passed out last night,” Jesse repeated, unconcerned, “I ended up talking to a couple of the guys down in the hotel bar.”  She tucked a leg up under her.  There was a sort of wired energy to her posture that Ellen had learned to respect.  “Practiced my Russian.”
“Eli thinks that just 'cause he's going to culinary school, he's too good to do the grunt work,” Isaiah said.  His teeth flashed in a bright, hard smile.  “I don't put up with that in my kitchen.”
DJ looked up.  Steve smiled at him.  “He's asleep.  But you're a quiet kid.  I can bring the phone upstairs, and you can see that he's just asleep.   Sick, but okay.”  He studied DJ.  “Would you like that?”
DJ nodded.  “Okay.”
“God, you have no idea.”  Steve straightened his shoulders.  “But no.  I've lived through worse.”
“Excuse me?” May’s head came up, her eyes narrowed into slits of pure fire.
Harris knew this was important, but he didn’t know why.  He opened his mouth, tried to speak, and light filled his mouth, filled his throat.
Tony did not like where this was going.  "And?"
A few heads came up, here and there around the kitchen, blank, exhausted eyes struggling to focus on Tony.  He wiped his hands on a towel.  “Thank you for your efficiency, your effort, your steadfast dedication to your duty and our guests.”
Pepper straightened up.  “Wonderful,” she said, offering him a hand.  “Why don't you go back to your room and get your things?”  Her eyes slid up, meeting Hammer's.  “While the adults work things out.”
Natasha crossed the white tile floor, her footsteps echoing in the empty space.  “Take a seat,” she said, gesturing towards the counter.  Without waiting to see if Steve followed her instruction, she headed to a door on the far wall, throwing it open to reveal a path down to the gardens behind the house.  She leaned out, tucking two fingers into her mouth and letting out a piercing whistle.
Tony gave him a look.  “I can’t keep a child,” he pointed out.  “It’s insane.  The entire idea is insane.  I don’t even know why we’re having this discussion.”
“Yes.”
“I’m pretty sure there’s something else you should be doing right now,” Steve said.
“Yes,” Natasha said.  “And even if they could convince Jarvis to reduce the temperature in the room low enough to make it solidify, it would take forever, because of the heated pool.”
"I'm working on it," Steve said.  He looked at Tony, his expression full of happiness.  "Mad at me?"
She shrugged.  “You married Tony, and my first act was not to give you a shovel talk or try to buy you off,” she said.  “So.  Yes.”
“Ah.  I had thought it rhetorical,” Jarvis said.  He sounded apologetic.
“Some of them,” Rhodes agreed.  He shook his head.  “Occasionally.”
"Yes, that was my reaction as well."
Steve nodded.  “I know I'm late, sir, but-”
“Yes,” DJ said, and Tony burst out laughing.
Steve swallowed.  "I can just eat in the kitchen, ma'am."
There was a moment of silence, and then Stephen nodded.  “It will be a few hours,” he said at last.
Jarvis smiled.  “You’d be surprised of what you’re capable of, when you have something you’re determined to protect.”  His head tipped towards Tony.  “Or someone.”
Jan drew herself up as much as she could.  It didn't help much.  "And I can still dance," she said, her voice sugary sweet.  "So I'm not sure what my height has to do with it?"
“Yeah, but if we do, I wore the good underwear,” Clint said.  He grinned at Steve.  “So.  Ready?  C'mon, Cap, this cannot be the scariest thing you've done this month.”
“That was my first mistake,” Steve agreed.
Rogers let out a slight chuckle, lowering himself back into Duck's ragged visitor's chair. "He seems like a very nice fella," he said, reaching for his cup. “He makes a mean cup of tea, that's for sure.”
Stark came striding across the garage floor, tall and lean, his dark hair artfully disordered, his goatee neatly trimmed.  He moved with a fluidity, with a grace, that caught the eye, his back straight and his shoulders square.  His hands were tucked in his pockets, his artfully tailored jacket flowing easily over his slim form.
“Crosstown bus in New York at rush hour is a magical experience of a whole different kind,” Harris said cheerfully.  “You ought to experience it at least once.”
“You got a tattoo,” she said.
Steve shook his head.  “So?”
“What is wrong with you?” Tony asked, just to hear him laugh.    He smiled as he slipped through the door.  “Also.  Just…  So you know.  Pepper thinks Clint’s going to Vegas to propose to Phil.”
“If I can be blunt, you’re always going to make me a little-” Tony’s jaw worked.  “You can be unnerving, Clea.  Unlike Doctor Swishycape, you don’t do it deliberately.  You’re not trying to…”
“He’s tricky,” Tony agreed.  There was a knock at the door, and he glanced at Pepper, making sure she’d put the dossier away.  “What’s the password?” he called.
“The assassin,” Clint said.
"I'll buy you a gallon of paint and a drop cloth if it results in me getting to sleep in on Friday morning," Sam said.
“They’re horrible, you’re valid, give me your number,” Darcy said to the witch, leaning around Harris to hold out her phone.  “Tony, go back out to the lobby and distract Clint from the rack of shiny brochures, we’re going to end up at the world’s biggest ball of twine or something, because he has no taste and DJ is doing nothing to dissuade him.”
Tony chuckled, and then laughed, his head falling back.  “You’re both fired,” he said.
“It’s fine,” Tony gritted out, sliding his hand across the elastic, firm surface of the dough.  It felt familiar under his fingertips, a sense of culinary deja vu that he always appreciated.  “What can you tell by looking at it, anyway?”  He looked up to find Shiro looking at him, his face disbelieving.  Tony huffed out a breath.  “It’s fine.”
“No.” Pepper held up a hand. “No. You cannot.” But she was smiling as she scrubbed at her cheeks with the heel of her hand. I miss a lot of things about being in a relationship with you, but that shirt is not one of them.”
There was a loud crash from the general direction of the bathroom.  There was a long pause.  “Where the fuck am I?” Clint yelled.
“It is fun,” Steve admitted.
Strange swept a leaf away from his shoulder with a flick of his fingers.  “You are both still here, and still in possession of all of your limbs, and all of your sense.”  He gave Steve a look that could’ve flash frozen fire.  “Trust me, Captain.  That is the best that it could’ve gone.”
Outside the car, Rogers was still, his head tipped forward, his shoulders squared.  Tony wondered if he could hear them.  “But your opinion is…”
Steve brought the kite up, tucking his body behind it, but the dowel hung down low at his side.  "Because he's come a long way, and he's never seen the dragon, has he?  All these things, all these probems, all blamed on the dragon, and he's seen the problems, but never the cause.  Until he does.  He finds the dragon, and it is monstrous and terrible and inhuman.  It's there, right in front of him."
Clint stumbled forward, and Steve's hands snapped out, grabbing for Clint before he could end up on the floor.  Clint swayed on his feet, his eyes squinting in Steve's general direction.  "Why am I here?" he asked, his voice plaintive.
DJ considered the label.  “Ooo.  Cheddar.”  He took a few, laying them out in the flat of his palm so they formed a wavy line.  “Just less.”  He tossed one in the air and caught it in his mouth, then reached for his juice. “And at the same time…   More?”
“Not a problem, kid.”  And with that, the man went back to his phone.
“Tell me if that changes,” she said.
"Don't make this any harder than it has to be," Steve said, his voice pitched low, his head bent next to Tony's.
Billy was already shaking his head.  “He had his hat pulled down real low over his face, and a muffler pulled up over his nose.  Pretty sure he didn’t want to be seen.”
Something bumped against the side of his head.
“Hawkeye is talking to Tony,” Natasha said.
The carpet felt rough beneath his fingertips, beneath his cheek, and he didn’ tknow when he’d fallen, how he’d fallen, but when he breathed in, it tasted like dust and whiskey.  Whiskey.  No.  Not whiskey.  Something else.  Something Obie-  Something Stane had given him.  His stomach turned over.
He smiled, and pulled his hand back, a smooth, easy gesture, and the mechanism let out a rusty clatter, then the rope wrenched free, tumbling through the gears.  Tony, still holding it in one hand, dropped like a rock, his boot kicking free of the wall with a clatter of stones.
“Sure.” Rhodey opened the door, not surprised when Steve took it from him instead of stepping past him.  “You going to call over when you’re ready for a visit?  Happy or I’ll be happy to come pick you up.”
“Could you tell him we're not going to have sex in the car?” Steve asked, and Tony leaned in to kiss him, hard and fast.
"Right, no, that's a 'oh, well, that's a relief,' fuck," he said. "In that there was a thing."
“Officer Rogers strikes me as a capable and intelligent young man,” Jarvis said.  He smiled, just a little.  “He believes in the rightness of his actions.  It is only logical that he would want to be certain that the ones who hurt you, would not hurt anyone else.”
Obie’s eyebrows shot up.  “Not a big deal?” he repeated.  “Tony.  You’re talking about, what, letting him stay?  For how long?”  Tony didn’t reply, and Obie heaved a sigh.  “Tony.  I think you need to be very careful about this.  When you have your own children, this will make things complicated.  Heaven forbid the child-”
“I promise nothing,” Tony said.  He dropped the test tube into the rack.  “Pep. Seriously.  Invite whoever you want.  You know the ratios we're looking for.”
Steve paused, and took a deep breath.  Tony went still.  “What.”
“Friends, yes.  School’s harder,” DJ said.  He picked up a cup of soup, but made no move to open it, just rolling the cup between his hands, as if he was warming his palms.  “I have a girlfriend.”
The boy never looked away, but his mouth worked, like he was trying to force words out.  "Thought you had a girlfriend."  One shoulder rose, and fell, his backpack shifting with the motion.  "Or, I mean, you did?"
“Yes, I but know him a bit better than you do,” Rogers said, his voice cool and polite.  “So.  If you don't mind Mr. Stark?”
“What's the fun in that, ma'am?” Peter asked, straightening up.  “And it's not that we mean to get into trouble, sometimes, it just...”  He shrugged.  “It happens.”
"No, just disappointed that 'jury-rigging tech in a way that's both dangerous and ingenious' doesn't score higher on the list," he told her, setting off another round of laughter.
The door opened before he could finish speaking, and Steve jerked forward, his heart in his throat.  Jarvis leaned into the room, his brow creased.  “Ah, good,” he said, his voice soft, stepping inside and pulling the door shut behind him.  Steve’s bag was hanging from his other hand, and he held it up.  “I found this in the kitchen, and was hoping you’d managed to get him to rest.”
"I beg your pardon, I am a delight," Tony told him, as the others settled into place.  Once everyone was seated, he took his own seat.  His seat.  Which was facing a cat across the dinner table, his line of sight taken up by a twitching pair of ears and golden eyes peeking over the edge of the table.  "Hank, this is your fault."
Miss Van Dyne leaned in.  "That means he HAS candy," she explained in a stage whisper.  "And as soon as dinner is over, we can start hounding him for it."
“Maybe,” Steve whispered, his fingers brushing against Tony’s chin.  “Happy Valentine’s Day.”
“I don't think so,” Ellen said. She offered a hand. “Ellen Ning. New York Now magazine.” She nodded at Jesse, who was fiddling with her camera. “This is Jesse Delgado.”
“Tony?”
"You."  The word vibrated in the air.  "Get in here." Tony finally succeeded in throwing Bruce off of him, rolling into a sitting position.  Bruce slumped against the side of the desk, his face pasty white and damp with sweat.  Tony stabbed a finger in Peter's direction.  "NOW."
“Okay, what do we want for this thing?  Egg rolls, spring rolls, scallion pancakes, those chicken or beef teriyaki things, you know, on the sticks?” Jess said, circling things with abandon.  “What else?”
“Not for sexy purposes,” he said.
“Thank you, Mr. Jarvis.”  Steve handed over his hat, and considered the bag.  “Is Miss Potts available?”
Steve squeezed his eyes shut.  He.  Was.  An.  Idiot.
But halfway up the road, he spotted a sign shaped like a clockface, and his hand went to his coat pocket.  Without really thinking about it, he lead Nomad up to the shop, and looped his reins around a nearby post.
“We…  We really don’t,” Tony said, but Peter looked like a traumatized chick, all hunched shoulders and traumatized eyes.  “Fine.  We do. You’re a very important part of our corporate structure, Parker.  And Pepper will teach you how to answer the phone.”
“It’s becoming a bit of a tired refrain, it’s true.”  Jarvis took a sip of his drink.  “So.  What is the backup plan?”
“Thanks,” Steve said, sinking down between her and Natasha.  “I was wondering if there was a spot left.”
Billy grinned.  “Sounds about right.”
“I deliberately did not let any of those dates move in with you,” Pepper said.  Her phone buzzed, vibrating its way across the table, and she reached for it.  She glanced down at it, her lips going tight.  “It's Marcy, I need to take this.”
“Let me rephrase.  Will you buy me a tiara?”
“Sounds like a good match,” Phil said with a smile.  “Where is he now?”
Steve made a face. "Okay, I regret that I married the man without telling him I love him," he said, and it came out so easily, so naturally, that he barely recognized that he'd said it. Telling the truth, it turns out, was remarkably freeing.
“Cool, this is all cool, in a very horrifying way,” Tony said to Fury.  “And I’m going to get you for involving me in this.”
Tony tapped a fingertip against his phone, bringing up the display.  “It’s late.  Or early.”  He scraped a hand over his face.  “Far too early.”  He looked down at his hands, braced on the edge of the workbench.   “We all need some sleep.”
Jan bit her lip, her eyelashes dipping in a flicker of modesty that Tony knew was a blatant lie.  “Dearest Mr. Fisk,” she said, her hands clasped in front of her, the letter tucked between her fingers.  “I have taken a bolt of fabric from the stores.  I shall pay for it, as soon as I am able, but I pray you do not tell my parents.  I am hard at work on a gift, and though I do not wish to spoil the surprise, my mother would not approve of me making a jacket for a man, no matter what his relationship to me may one day be.  I shall settle my debt to the company as soon as I am able.”  Her mouth trembled.  “And it shall be soon.”
“It’s okay,” Steve said, and his voice didn’t sound right to his ears.  “I-”
Tony tossed his pencil aside, running a sharp hand through ihs hair.  “Why are you on his side, anyway?  Just once, why can’t you be-”  He stopped, his mouth pressing in a tight line.  “I’d never do that.  Hurt him that way, I mean.”
Tony realized his arms were crossed over his chest, and he forced them back to his sides.  “He didn't,” he said, but the words sounded hollow.  DJ frowned at him, then turned his attention back to his work.  “I mean, right, he did, he was a manipulative asshole, looking back, easy to see that now, but you-”  He stopped, not sure how to verbalize the churning nausea that had settled low in his stomach.  He scraped a hand over his face.  “You stopped Jarvis from letting him into the workshop.”
“'M okay.”
Tony leaned over, one hand braced on the top of the car.  “Well, that makes one of us.”  He straightened up as Clint cranked the music in the front seat.  “Let’s go.”
Greer made a face.  “No, I know the rules, I promise, I’m trying not to make things weird.” Her tail flicked behind her before settling down again, a nervous twitch of movement.  “I thought you could-” She gave him a hopeful smile, her eyebrows arching.  “Help?”
He could survive one more night.
“So please don't tell me to can it,” Jess sang, grinning down at the bag of pillows.
His hand hovered over Tony’s ribs, and Tony reached up, pressing Steve’s palm to his side.  “It’s fine,” he said, his voice soft.  “I won’t be a prisoner in my own house, Steve.”
"You're on mop bucket duty for the rest of your life," Tony mumbled
“I'd object, but damn if this amount of eagerness isn't very good for my ego,” Tony said, as Steve shouldered the door open and headed through, Tony right on his heels. “So, what, we're going to run down eleven flights of stairs?”
Steve kept going, his eyes locked on the massive front doors.  “Knew you were the smart one around here.”
Sam's head tilted in his direction, his teeth flashing in a grin.  “I think you have a lot of problems,” he said.
One of these days, he'd get used to the pet names.  It wasn't like Tony hadn't called him ridiculous things before they got married, but somehow, it was different now.  It wasn't, he knew it wasn't, but it felt like it was.   Steve paused.  Apparently, he was losing his mind.
“What, your sense of loyalty?” Tony asked.
Steve blinked at him. Cleared his throat. “I've got a lot of those.”
But Tony was alive, and safe, and Steve was going to keep him that way.
Tony’s lips twitched as Steve gave a firm nod, and added the apple to his basket.  Pleased with this small approval, DJ went back to harvesting, one hand planted firmly on top of Peter’s head.
Thor smiled, even as he crouched down next to the bed.  “Hello, little prince,” he said.  “I brought you a welcome gift.”  He reached into the pocket of his jacket, coming up with a small, gleaming ball.  It seemed to be made of metallic threads, each one catching the light as he rolled it across his massive palm.  “A small thing, I know, but a common plaything from my home.”
“You do have a legacy to think of, your father did everything possible to raise the Stark name to be one that was respected, and you could destroy that in one poorly considered sentimental gesture,” Obie said.  “Is that what you want?  Is that really how you want to repay your father for everything he did for you, everything he left you?”
"You just smiled, so apparently, I am funny," Steve said, his mouth kicking up on one side.  There was a smugness there that Tony was pretty sure he shouldn't encourage.  Not that he had a choice.  "No 'think' about it.  I just got a bone fide smile out of you, and after today, I would've thought-"
"I would very much prefer if you didn't light any of my meager positions on fire," Steve said.  "Especially not while it's still in my apartment.  My landlord is absolutely going to notice that."  He picked up the blanket from the floor, shaking it out.  "Lie back down, and I'll get you something to drink."
The first shot had stopped his heart.
“Is your present just a ribbon tied around your dick?” Steve asked, making Tony laugh.
“Are you ashamed?” Jan asked, because she'd ever even heard of shame, let alone experienced it.  Her dark eyes wide, she fluttered her lashes at Obie.  “Perhaps you ought to be.”
“Miss Potts wanted me to remind you that you have a meeting this morning,” Jarvis called.  He paused.  “Perhaps I should run your bath?”
His fingers stilled, one painted nail digging into the paper.  "But he didn't."  He smirked at her.  "Did he?"
“Wait, go back, naked pictures of what?” Jan said, her eyes going wide. “Where? Where are the-”
Steve huffed out a sigh.  “Probably not,” he admitted.
No wonder Bucky had spent half his life cursing him out.
“He know what happened?” Fury said, because Harris supposed he had a lot of experience with ignoring Tony Stark.  “And will he be trying to find you?”
“You told me it was a sexual harassment issue!” Steve didn't know why he felt so betrayed, but he did.  “You said SHIELD HR would get involved!”
DJ gave him a hopeful smile and a quick nod, and Tony pulled out his chair.  "Right.  This is my life now.  Wonderful."
“Absolutely am,” Harris said, as firmly as he could manage.  They joined the line for the register, and he did his best not to be distracted by the candy rack.
Steve stared at him.  "I know you're playing me," he said at last.
"I did do my best," Marcy said. He wasn't sure if she sounded apologetic or just exhausted. Possibly both. "He's..."
He certainly didn’t miss the way that Steve would flail around in his sleep, only calming down when he managed to latch onto Tony.  Even if they fell asleep on their own sides of what was, by any accounts, a very generously sized bed, nine times out of ten, Tony knew he’d wake up half pinned under Steve’s weight.
“Next time, you can just take the pictures,” Jesse said.  “Oh.  Wait.  You're bad at that, too.”
“Car,” Harris said from behind them.
Rogers was leaning over a plastic barrel of roses, his face creased in a smile.  One hand was cradling a bud, his fingers careful against the petals, his other arm was filled with flowers.  Next to him, a tiny woman in a simple canvas apron and a straw hat covered in fake flowers was pointing at her wares with one gnarled finger.  Her face was animated behind the heavy lenses of her glasses, and Rogers had his head tipped towards her, clearly paying attention to what she was saying.
She looked at the cake, a faint smile on her face.  “I owe you an apology,” she said.  She gestured at one of the stools on the other side of the workbench. “May I?”
He looked up, and he was smiling, his face relaxed, his eyes dancing.  “If it went missing, everyone knew where to check.”  He held the bowl of tortellini out to Tony. “What's yours?”
He looked up at Jarvis.  “What am I doing here?” he asked.  A stupid question that had no answer, and he regretted it almost before it was out.  “Sorry.  That’s…  Sorry.”
“Why don’t we go and read in the kitchen?” Peter said to DJ.  “Chef likes it when we read aloud to him.”  DJ looked at Steve, then back at Peter.  He nodded.  “Okay.”  Peter looked at Steve.  “We’ll see you at dinner?”
Steve pressed a hand to his eyes.  "Tony, you didn't."
“I’m always afraid that if I push you too hard, I’ll lose you.”  Steve’s voice seemed to come from a distance.  Somewhere outside of himself.  “I don’t know where the line is.  My entire life, I’ve never been able to figure where that line is, I just want too much from people, I want too much, and I…”
“Lasagna’s good,” Steve agreed.  “I love you.”
"I do not like this word," Clint said, staring at the ceiling of the elevator.  "That's a bad word.  Jarvis, what the fuck?"
Steve's arms tightened, just for an instant, and then he was pulling away.  “Do we have plans for Christmas?”
“Hey, Tony!  Got any plans for Christmas?”
“I honestly think they’re magically replenishing themselves,” Clint said.  “I’m going to label everything.”
Tony caught himself watching Steve's mouth.  “Absolutely,” he said, his voice faint.
Tony smiled back.  “Stop trying to catch things with your face, Cap.”
Tony exhaled, his arms braced on his knees.  “Okay, then, can you tell me what Steve’s wearing over there?  Because he looks like he skinned a polar bear, or maybe a teddy bear..”
Back at the candy counter, Rhodey and Tony were deep in conversation, DJ leaning against Tony's legs, his face a bit tense. But Tony was stroking his hair, and he seemed comfortable enough where he was, sheltered from the crowd.
"She knows what she's doing," Tony said, his head resting on Steve's shoulder.  He looked up, just far enough to meet her eyes.  "You know what you're doing."
The man’s eyebrows arched.  “That caused you physical pain, didn’t it?” he said.
Tony paused, his cup halfway to his mouth.  Slowly, he looked up, meeting Peter’s eyes over the top of his paperwork.  “We’re not keeping him.”
And my last backup was corrupted, so I lost some of my files.  I managed to recover most of it from my last backup, but I had to recreate a...  A bunch of this.  So.  Sorry.
“‘Good enough’ is my motto!” the girl said, snapping him a quick salute, which Clint returned with a grin.  She tucked the roll of duct tape onto her bandolier and shifted her medic bag back into place on her back.  With one last wave, she headed off, looking for her next patient.
“So I thought, maybe he likes me, but he still does his shifts at the VA, so I thought he might have met someone there or might be-”
“I don’t see why not, it’s worked out so well for me in the past,” Steve said, his voice wry.  He pulled back, just a little, and Tony let him go.  Steve met his eyes.  “What are we doing?”
Clint shrugged.  “I mean, that’s the definition of my own life, I don’t dwell on it.”  He looked at Harris.  “You want to wear your own clothes, go pack.  Darcy-”
Steve closed his eyes.  “No.”
“That’s why I do it,” Jan said, still hugging his arm.  She sniffled, and, with a sigh, Tony pulled a handkerchief from his vest pocket.  She took it,  dabbing at her eyes with a dainty touch.  “You’re a cad, Anthony Edward Stark.  A horrible cad.”
Jan pinched the bridge of her nose.  “Only you could object to getting a custom designed couture dress,” she said.
Unless region locked (Sorry if it is!) you can hear it here:
“Well, Merry Christmas to me,” Sam said.  “What the hell is happening here?”
Strange winced.  “Would you?” he asked.  “Best to present their entirely unharmed child before telling the story.”
It had a strange weight, for something so delicate.  He brought his head up and felt the petals shift against his hair, against his forehead.  He gave her an uneven smile.  “Thank you,” he said.  He reached up, his fingers brushing over a flower.  “Thank you.”
"You just admitted to eating food using the armor as a plate."
Pepper stood. “I don't need to remind you about the importance of discretion in this case,” she said, with a sweet smile. “But I will anyway.” She leveled a look at the legal staff, all five of them. “The nine of us are the only ones who know this happened. If there's a leak, I'm firing everyone I can fire.”
“Listen, you keep cutting all your hair off, I’m only cheating on you because I’m desperate,” Jess said, smoothing Greer’s hair into soft curls.  She leaned over Greer’s shoulder, smiling at her.  “Can I do your hair before the Christmas party?”
"What, you don't frolic?" he asked, wiping his hands on a rag.  "You ought to give it a try.  All the best people are.”
Tony shuddered, heat sweeping over him. “I'm going to start taking clothes off now,” he said, his voice measured and even. “Maybe yours. Maybe mine. Don't know. Don't care. As long as someone ends up naked, and I get touching privileges.”
“I’ll call Happy,” DJ said.  Steve opened his mouth, and DJ smiled, “I’ll bring my bag.”
“He knows what he's about,” he said.  “And unless we're in the middle of the fight, he doesn't have to listen to me.”
“Uh-huh.”  She paused.  “I think you should-”
“Why do I see this ending poorly?”
A minute later, he was pushing the door to DJ’s room open, relieved to find Steve standing in front of the windows, his attention focused on the latch that held them shut.  They’d left the room the way they’d found it, with DJ’s clothes and belongings scattered across the floor.  The doors to the wardrobe hung open, toys and books in a heap beside it.
“Is this supposed to prove something?” Tony asked the ceiling.
“You know, I thought we were doing so well, sitting quietly and avoiding drawing attention to ourselves,” Tony’s agent said under his breath.  “And you just had to go and fuck that up.”
Steve's eyebrows arched.  “Come out, or I'll come get you.”
Tony spread his hands. “I’m.  Calling.  It.  In.”
"You don't," Steve said. "If you decide, right now, that the fact that I'm married to another man invalidates everything that I've done, everything I've tried to do, then I can't do anything to change your mind." He leaned in. "You don't matter. You've got enough history. You've got enough heroes. But there are people out there, there are kids out there, who need to know that people like them exist, and have always existed. Despite the efforts of people like you to erase them."
"It's really hard.  You have to work at it.  Like, you have to get a really awkward angle," Jesse said.  "Right up his nose or something."
“So you came along,” Bucky said.  “And brought the crown princess.”
“Kitchen,” Bruce said.
Also I've been staring at pictures of Radio City Music Hall for a montn and it's still not right and really, I don't care anymore.  So my apologies for factual inaccuracies about RCMH.
“Making yours,” DJ said, grinning back.  He had a cocoa mustache, and Tony reached out, swiping at it to make DJ giggle.
Steve turned away, unsettled in a way that he couldn’t quite define.
She huffed out a breath.  “Right.  You're...  You.” She leaned back in her chair, an index finger pressed to her pursed lips.  “What are we talking about here?” she asked, her eyes narrowing.  “Are we talking 'have limited experience with formal dance' or are we talking 'I'm not sure which foot is my left one?'”
Sam stared at him.  Steve did his best to keep a straight face.  It wasn't easy.  Sam pulled out his phone.  Steve blinked.  “What're you doing?”
As soon as he said it, he could breathe again.  For the first time in what felt like forever.  “It’s your choice.    We’ve been moving you around, everyone’s been…”  He nodded.  “Doing things to you and around you and no one’s given you a choice in the matter, have they?”
“I was saving it for Sam,” Greer said with an apologetic smile.  “But I don’t think he realized.”  She sighed, tucking her legs up on the couch next to her.  “I blame Tony.”
“With the Agent,” Tony said.  Rhodey groaned, and Tony ignored him.  Instead, he glanced towards Pepper, who was staring at him, her mouth a flat line.  “I know.”
Steve’s mouth opened.  Closed.  Clint smiled at him.  “Yeah, see-” He pointed a spoon in Steve’s direction.  “That’s what I did, too.  So there we were.  In the kitchen.  In the middle of the night.  And Nat’s prowling around, the way she does, trying everything.  I mean, she could’ve picked any of the locks in here, but she was just tugging on drawer handles and doors and we found out Jarvis left two things unlocked.
Steve smiled, his eyes struggling to focus. “Okay.”
Furbro shot out of DJ’s sleeve, darting around Wanda’s palm and curling his tail between her fingers.  Wanda smiled down at him.  “Hello there.”  Furbro opened his mouth, chittering at her and rubbing his head against her thumb.  Laughing, Wanda gave him a cautious stroke.  “Aren’t you a friendly little one?”
“Perhaps one of the large ones, with the flip top lid?” May suggested.  The song trilled to an end, and she stepped back, her face flushed.  “I think there’s one that’s just right in the back of the pantry, up on the shelf, if you-”  Waving her off, Clint headed for the door.  “Thank you!” May called after him.  She smiled down at DJ, reaching for her apron again.  “I’m betting he’ll find you the perfect jar.”
Tony grinned against his mouth.  “His work is entirely substandard.”
He lifted DJ out of the seat, then sat down, settling DJ in his lap.  “All right,” he said, as DJ relaxed back against his chest.  “What are we doing here?  Who are we moving?  What’s the plan, Napoleon?”
"I was gone for fifteen minutes." Steve glanced back at the apartment door.  “I left for fifteen minutes to get my laundry, and-”
“The closest Tony’s going to get to cheating on me was that time I got concerned about his cholesterol levels and made him an organic quinoa and chickpea kale salad for dinner,” Steve said.  “And he snuck past me to go eat nachos while hiding in Sam’s truck.”
DJ was hopping in circles around them, his feet bouncing from square to square on the marble floor.  “No.”
“Wanna wear a miniskirt version of the Iron Man armor?”
Clint collected his phone, tucking it back in his pocket.  “Look, I love you?  I do?  But I also really, really want your mother to like me.”
“What,” Clint said, one shoulder braced against the column.  “What is the discussion about, then?”
May Parker took three dancing steps forward, her sensible shoes set against the carpet, one of Peter’s baseball bats held firmly in her hands.  She reared back and swung, with a form that Babe Ruth himself would’ve admired.  The tip of the bat arced over her shoulder, past her face, hanging in midair for what felt like an infinite amount of time.
Tony grinned at him.  “What, you can't make it back to Brooklyn?  Am I that irresistible?” he whispered.
“We both know he isn’t,” Stark agreed.  “So.  Yes.  I did it first, and I did it at  a worse time, when we were all at our breaking point, and I did it knowing that I was going to hurt you..”
For a long moment, Obie just studied Tony, his face unreadable.  Then, slowly, he smiled.  “Never doubt that you are your father’s son,” he said, his head falling forward.   He took a step back from the table, and leaned over.  When he straightened up, there was a rook in his fingers.   He held it out to Tony.  “Some days, you are his spitting image.”
At the far end of the row, Steve was leaning forward in his seat, his eyes bright, looking almost as excited as his young charges.  Every so often, Tony would catch him swaying back and forth in time with the music, his feet tapping along with a great deal of enthusiasm.  Tony watched him out of the corner of his eye, doing his best to be subtle about it.
“He will be dining with my parents that night, and Richard will be receiving a shipment from the docks,” she said.  “The night supervisor never leaves his office, he’ll be working on the books and keeping an eye on the work floor from there.  We can be in and out with what I need in less than fifteen minutes.”
He looked back into the car, and Tony took a deep breath.  “Thanks.”
Peter shook his head.  “No.  I won't,” he said, his cheeks bulging.
She looked across the main hall, to where the boys were sloshing water in all directions, laughing so loud that the sound echoed in the cavernous space.  “He was a good boy, Officer Rogers.  And he’d lost so much, in such a short amount of time.  When Miss Potts came to talk to me, he didn’t make a sound.  He didn’t move.  He just sat there.  Staring out the window.
“You really haven’t,” Greer said with a grin.
Tony’s smile had an edge.  “So, what will you do if I won’t move?”  He waved his free hand through the air.  “If I call your bluff and just…”  His eyebrows arched.  “Stay right here?”
Jarvis’ head tipped forward, giving Tony a chiding look from under the line of his brows.  “Sir.”
Harris exhaled.  “Riiiiiiiiiight,” he said, drawing the word out.  “Does your father know-”
DJ didn't respond for a long moment, then he nodded.  "Not everyone, though."
“Tick.  Tock.” Pepper said, staring at her coffee with a gimlet glare.
"How big of a-" Tony started, as Steve gave the pasta sauce a stir.  In an instant, the air was heavy with the smell of tomatoes and garlic, onion and olive oil, and Tony decided he did not care about the mess.  Or anything other than food.  "Know what?" he asked, reaching for the spoon.  "You're right.  Feed me, and I'll let you do whatever you want."
Jarvis paused.  “Can he not?” he asked.  He reached across the workbench, picking up a tea cup from the night before.
“Maybe tomorrow,” Rogers said, even as DJ scrambled down from his stool.  Rogers caught him as he tried to slip by, heading for the door.  “It's too much to set up right now-”
Steve reached out with his knife, nudging the edge of DJ's plate.  "Eat something," he said.  DJ studied him over the rim of the cup, his dark eyes steady, and Steve smiled down at him.  "Please."
“Also a cookie!” Steve said, grinning at him.  “I think that officially makes it the best Christmas.”  He set the card aside and held out his hands.  “Can I have a hug, please?”
"No," O'Brien stabbed a finger in his direction.  "I like you.  You know I do.  But by all the saints, you make me more trouble than the rest of the shift combined." He shook his head.  "There's a dozen men lined up for your job, and none of them would make near the trouble you do.  Just-"  He exhaled, long and slow.  "I don't want to hear your name again, the rest of this month, you understand?"
DJ smiled at him.  “I’m okay,” he said. “You, too?”
DJ wiggled into his seat, and nodded.  “You?” he mouthed back.
Steve thought about that.  “This is good,” he said.  “And when you're ready to talk, will you talk to me?”
Rhodey tried not to smile.  “You seem salty.”
“Then what’s his problem?” Tony asked.  He looked at Peter, still immobile on his floor.  “What is your problem, Parker?”
Rhodey looked from Peter to Tony and back.  “Doesn’t….  Isn’t SHIELD a completely dark experience?”
Tony was laughing out loud now, his head tipped back, his face relaxed.  Steve braced an arm on the ceiling, smiling down at him, heat and need relaxing into something sweeter.  Something more comfortable and familiar.
Something whipped through the air, a tendril of nothing lashing out, swallowing the last hint of DJ’s loosed power, and DJ scrambled back, his chair tipping as the back legs caught on the carpet.  For an instant, he hung in midair, his hands up in front of him, trying to ward it off, trying to hold it back, and whatever he wanted to say caught in his throat.
“The two are pretty much tied for the traits that cause you the most problems,” she said.  She took a breath.  “I think you need to be more careful about letting Obie handle things like this.”
“Because this morning, Jarvis made up a tray with two plates,” Peter said.  Tony’s eyes squeezed shut.  “And he was singing opera.  And he went to put a flower in a bud vase on the tray, and then he said that was probably too much and put the flower in his lapel instead.”
There was a moment of silence, and then the door opened, DJ peeking around the barrier.  He was wearing a pair of pajama pants and a ragged t-shirt that Tony was pretty sure he recognized.  His feet were bare, his toes burrowing into the carpet.  “Yes,” he said, and Tony smiled at him, affection sweeping over him in a wave.
Which appeared to be a thick slice of chocolate cake, balanced precariously on top of a stack of his usual study books.
“Aren’t we fucking judgey?” Tony mumbled.
Jan let go of his hand, shuffling her feet across the plush carpeting.  “The walk in closet makes up for a lot,” she said, hands on her hips.  “And the bed.”  She threw herself on the bed, her legs kicking in the air.  She bounced a few times, gradually coming to a stop, her hands folded over her stomach.  “Steve?”
“I’m not surprised, I’m just disappointed,” Tony said, utterly deadpan, and Steve choked on a laugh.   “I really should have a questionnaire or some way to weed out this kind of a thing before it becomes a problem.”  He threw a hand in the air.  “‘Do you turn into some sort of octopus with separation anxiety after sex or do you roll over and go to sleep on your side of the bed like a reasonable person?’”
"Right," Tony said.  He looked down at the child, who looked back at him, looking distinctly unimpressed.  "Right."  He managed a smile.  "Welcome."
Steve nodded, his face rubbing against Tony's midsection.  “Promise?” he mumbled.
“I’ll bite,” Steve said.  “Why?”
“Occasionally, I get one in,” Tony said.  He hooked a thumb over his shoulder.  “Since Thor's back in Asgard, I'm going to see if the terror twins need help in clearing the streets.”  He raised his eyebrows.  “Want to come?  Good stress relief.”
Tony considered that.  “Together?”
“Has you considered that it would be easier to just…  Watch the video?” Shiro asked Tony.
“I can dress up as Tony?” Clint asked, an unholy glee lighting the words.
Steve's lips twitched.  “Right,” he said, and Tony kicked at him.
“So, Captain Rogers, what's it like being the new poster boy for the LGBT movement?”
“I mean, playing hard to get is very, very hard,” Tony said, watching in appreciation as Steve crossed the floor towards him.  Tony let out a low soft whistle, and Steve laughed.  “But sometimes it’s worth it.”
“Or you could not do that,” Tony said, trying to work a kink out of his shoulder.  “You know.  You could just trust me to handle myself, and-”
Thor slid off the bed and offered Miss Van Dyne a hand.  She took it, stepping delicately down to the floor.  "He's out back in the greenhouse with Bruce and Bobbi," she said. Thor bent over her hand, brushing a kiss across her knuckles.  She laughed.  "Why, my Lord, such cheek!"
“Bottle,” Tony said, kneeling down on the towel, bracing an arm on the edge of the tub.  He trailed his fingers through the water, and Steve shifted in place.  “Did Jarvis put any bath salts in here?”
She looked up at the house, her jaw tight.  “I walked through these doors, because I had nowhere else to go.”  Her chin dipped, a slight nod.  “And I learned something very important.”
“Just about anything involving his health or safety,” Jarvis said, his voice brisk.  He paused, just long enough to be noticeable, just long enough for Steve to wonder why, and then he turned on his heel.  "This way, please."
“Yes,” Peter said, sounding resigned, and the video ended with a click.
“Excuse me?” he asked, amused despite himself.
“Be right back!” Steve's voice echoed back, and Tony grabbed his coffee cup, wandering after him.
Tony peered over his shoulder.  But he didn't say a word as Steve considered the tray.  After a moment, he reached for one.  “Try this one?” he asked, holding it out to Tony.
DJ sucked in a breath, and then another, giggles shaking his shoulders.  “I’m grounded,” he said, the words choked out between bursts of laughter.
Tony's fingers slid over the front of his shirt, digging into the fabric.  He took a deep breath, trying to ignore the way his heartbeat was pounding in his ears.  “Really?  I wouldn't know,” he said, with a smile.  “Now.  If you'll excuse me.  I'm afraid I have something I need to do before dinner.”
“Either way, they’ve got a horn player they want you to consider for the lineup,” Natasha said.  “But you’re not going to take their recommendation.”
“Agreed,” Jarvis said.
Obie shook his head.  “Tony.”
Jan sighed.  “Neither did I.”
“Dr. Banner said you’d be more likely to remember tomorrow,” May said, setting the lid onto the pot of jam.  “Back to bed with you.
A finger caught his chin, forcing his head up, and Tony stared blankly forward.  Obie’s face floated in the center of his vision, a strange, almost curious look on his face.  “That was quicker than I expected.”  His hand turned, his fingers sinking into Tony’s jaw.  “It seems I’m not the only one drinking on an empty stomach this morning.”
“Your turn,” he said, and she dragged her box over, her fingernails finding a seam in the paper and slicing through the tape.  She peeled it away as DJ bounced up and down, so eager Tony could tell that it was all he could manage not to help her.
Jarvis pretended to think about that.  “Logically, this is the largest party we’ve thrown in quite some time,” he said.  “And to the most discerning guests.  I should hate for the house to leave a bad impression.”
“Might be,” Tony agreed.  Inside the plastic bag, there was a brown paper one that had been folded over and stapled shut.  He ripped it open, pushing packets of sauce, utensils and napkins to the side to get to the food underneath.  He pulled out the white containers, checking each one and setting them aside until he found the spring rolls.
Steve grinned into his coffee cup. “Did you check the bath tub?”
“I mean, if it means I might get them again, I’m willing to live that lie,” Rhodey said.  He looked up at Steve, setting the rest of the croissant on a napkin.  “So.  What’s he done?”
“Thanks,” Tony said.  He coughed, and Steve stopped, waiting for him to catch his breath.  Tony clutched at the banister.  “Thank you, really, I don't-”
“I don't often get the chance, but when I do, I take it,” Rhodes said, leaning into the engine compartment.  “Every time.”
“Which, after the drinking, is probably my biggest problem,” Tony mused.
Obie’s smile went tight, but his voice was still quiet.  “You’ve always had difficulty being-”  He stopped.  “Practical about some things, Tony.  So many things have come so easily to you, so many things that you’ve managed to do, that no one else would’ve been capable of.  You are a singular, unique man, but there are some things, that perhaps…”  He sighed.  “Perhaps there are some things you’re just suited to be.”
“Yes, she is,” Darcy said.  She grinned at DJ.  “I consider myself a distraction.”
“Press the button.”  DJ tucked his legs up against his chest, bracing his chin on his knees.  There was an impish grin on his face that Tony wasn’t sure he trusted.
“Goddamn,” he muttered.  He took a sip from his cup.  “Aunt Patricia, call me. I want some fucking zuppa toscana.  I just-”  He nodded.  “Call me.” He took another sip, then paused, his face crumpling in confusion.  He looked down at the coffee cup.  “Is this…  Maple syrup?”
“Man of all work,” Peter said, with a wide, proud grin.  He set the basket down, revealing the piles of multicolored apples and pears inside.  “Bruce said he'll be in when he's finished with the weeding.”
Steve took an enthusiastic bite out of a garlic knot.  The butter did lovely things to his lips.  "Jarvis has organized every video in the database-"
“I like to maintain an illusion of free will,” Steve said.  But he was already pouring the coffee.  “Soup's almost done, you want some?”
Tony pointed at Rhodey.  “And you're here to keep me from lighting a government facility on fire,” Tony said, refusing to be distracted.  “It's not going to work.”  He leaned his palms on his edge of the bench.  “I'm going to find these things.  And I'm going to rip my componants out of them.  With my bare hands.  Or maybe a crowbar.  I haven't taken a crowbar to any trash tech in a decade, I'm out of practice, but I'm more than willing to do this.”
"Why is your name not Scott?" Tony said, staring at the roof with glazed eyes.
Tony paused, the slice of pizza halfway to his lips.  On the other end of the couch, Steve was grinning at him, his eyes bright behind the lenses of those damn glasses.  "We're doing what now?" Tony asked.
“‘Going at it again’ implies they ever stop,” Natasha said.  “Which, they don’t.  They merely shift their argument from room to room to bed and back out of it again.”  She let out a slight sigh, her shoulders flexing.  “I’d really thought that once they made it to the bedroom, we’d have a moment of peace.”
Steve went back to his dessert.  “Jalapeno and bacon macaroni and cheese,” he said.  “With the trashy, processed cheese you love.”
“You should never, ever have been forced to make that choice, Peter,” Tony said, and he was so exhausted he could barely keep himself upright.  He braced a hand on the table. “Go to bed, Peter.  We’ll get him back.”
“It’s a mystery for the ages,” Tony said, fishing his phone out of his pocket and trying to make himself comfortable.
“Yeah, I’m getting that.”  Steve scraped a hand over his face.  “So what’s the chef do?”
“I know,” Steve said.  He gave Sam a nod.  “Let’s go.  You had someone for us to meet?”
Steve turned his attention back to the window.  “For what?”
“Don’t answer that-” he started, but DJ was already shaking his head.
“Inside,” Steve said, his hands sliding down Tony’s back.
“Not mad,” DJ said, and paused to think about it.  What was he?  It was hard to put the complicated things in his head into words, but he could do it.  “Just...”  He smiled at Franklin.  “Want you not to fight.”
Jarvis’ lips twitched.  “And we both know that is a lie as well.”
DJ lifted the rag away from his face, blinking up at Tony, and then down at the remains of the clock spread out over the workbench in front of him.  Tony followed his gaze.  "Ah.  Right," he said.  "Less useful in its current state."  He leaned forward, bracing his elbows on the edge of the workbench, and folding his hands in front of his mouth.  "So.  It appears that Rhodey has made the incredibly poor choice to leave you without proper adult supervision."
Tony stood, his glass cradled in his palm.  “You were there.  You saw the end.  You saw what was left of Europe.”  His chin came up.  “Do you think that war is over?”
Tony held up a hand.  “Right, I have an answer for all three of those.”  He smiled.  “I get to win this argument.”
"How could I forget?" she asked, her eyes dancing.  She looked at Tony.  “If you’re done with your hiring, we should be heading in?”
Steve's head snapped around, looking up at the TV, where Tony was now at the microphone, smiling out at the audience and the camera.  “Did you guys draw straws?” he asked, and the camera view switched to show the reporters, their chairs arranged in neat rows facing the podium.  There were a few smiles, and a couple of them ducked their heads, clearly amused.  “Seriously, how'd you decide Matteo would be the one to ask that?”
“I have some…  Friends in the police department,” Bobbi said.  “They’re not good men.  In fact, they’re gangsters with uniforms.  But they have their uses.  They’re good for getting the right information in the right ears, for the right price.  They’re good for baiting a trap.”
"Maybe," Steve said, his face still tipped up towards the sky.  "Mighta run a few of 'em."
“Wait,” Peter said.  He was doing a conga line with half a dozen young men in very tight jeans.  “Wait, what?  What, Albuquerque, what happened in Albuquerque?”
Mel drew a Tony who looked like he'd been around, and most of his ink was suggested by me, but has since been refined in my mind. 8)
“Sorry,” he said, sidling sideways around her.
“Not in retrospect.”  Sam gave him a look.  “At the time.  Were you aware that Symkaria had legalized gay marriage?”
“Right,” Reed said, as they moved away from the door.
“No,” Tony said, but DJ could hear the smile in his voice.
Tony swayed on his feet.  “Okay,” he managed.  “That's possibly the hottest thing I've ever heard.”  He managed to suck in a breath.  “Except, you know.  I don't have a backseat.”
DJ made a face.  “I can-”
Harris stared at him.  “Right,” he said.  “You’re ALSO an asshole.”
"I don't want a sandwich," Tony said.
“Understood,” Steve repeated.  “Second question. Where did he find you?”
Jane, sitting cross-legged beside the tree, ripped the paper off of her present with a great deal of enthusiasm.  “Oh!”
Clint grumbled a random string of syllables, and Tony waited patiently for Natasha to translate absolutely nothing.  “Do we have something to share with the class?” he asked, and his French wasn’t particularly good, but at least it was Goddamn French.
“Tony.”
“I’m safe,” Steve said.  “Nat’s safe.”
Tony didn’t even look over.  “Did you find him?”
“Oh, I absolutely have,” Natasha said.
Ellen paused.  “I think,” she said, very slowly and carefully, “that if we had gotten sued, then Duck would've called you to scream at you.  A lot.”
And if he thought otherwise, he had no one to blame but himself.
"The 'dollar short' seems like a pay issue," Marcy said, her arms folded across her chest, her lips kicked up in a slight smile.  "I'm more than happy to renegotiate my salary based on current events, but until then, I'm going to have to insist that you let me do my job and actually be the face of PR for this company."
“Ah.”  Harris stood, too.  He tried to smile.  “I-  I’m glad.  That I got to see you again.  And that you’re…  Doing well.  I hoped, you know, that you were okay.”
Clint’s foot bumped against the hood of the car.  “Not sure how.”
“Who invited you?” Stark asked him, as DJ happily handed over the shoes.  “In all seriousness, how did you-”
"Sometimes I do," Tony said, grinning at the cabinet.  "Sometimes I use a relatively flat piece of the armor, because that's handy."  Steve stared at him.  "Only for sandwiches and stuff, though."  Steve's mouth tightened.  "Nothing with sauce," Tony told him, because Steve looked truly pained.  "Sauce is a bitch to clean up, and no one takes you seriously if you show up to a crisis with gravy in your joints, you attract raccoons and it's just-"
