get back—he’d hit Pepper up and see what she could do.  After everything that had happened, the country could do with some good old-fashioned entertainment.  And Rhodey, well.  Rhodey would be so jealous.  But that was what he got for running off to the Army Air Forces instead of sticking around!
"I don't want to get you sick, Stevie," she said, punctuating it with a weak cough.  "You stay on the other side. There should still be some bread on the counter if you're hungry."
.  I’m not putting my legs around you.  You realize I’ve never even ridden a horse before, right?”
, haven't you?"  It was the only thing that made sense—and if it was true, which Tony was pretty sure it was, it explained a lot of other things.  Like why the hell Cap had even wanted to come along on this mission in the first place.
“Hey,” Steve says, prodding his head and tilting it back upward again.  “Don’t ruin the pose.  And don’t worry.  I won’t draw it.”
“I’m honored you think so,” Steve said with a small smile as he picked up his shield, starting to polish it.  Tony raised an eyebrow.  It already looked very shiny.  “Anyway, I’m glad you came.  I wanted to ask you…”  His gaze slid sideways, to Tony’s chest, even as he continued to polish away.  “How’s your heart doing?”
Then he remembered.  There was a reason he’d had to go through all of last night’s bullshit.  A reason he’d broken a promise and dropped dead, kind of.  A very, very good reason.
Well, when he wanted to cheer his own Ma up, he'd draw her something.  Maybe that would work with Tony's Ma, too.
.  It could do anything.
"Depends on your supplies," Jessica said, exchanging a look with Luke.  "If you have plenty, then you can afford to steer real clear.  But if you're running low and you need things… they've picked everything around here clean.  Which means that the school is the only place with food in the entire area.  But if they see you, it won't be pretty.  They'll catch you and put you into forced labor.  I mean, you can eventually work your way up, and you'll never worry about being hungry, but…"
“You really think he hasn’t flown in to see you even once since you left?”
Then one of the stewards straightens.  “Is this it?”
The Navy Yard.  That had to be the
What was that even supposed to mean?  Was
And so they continued on.  Soon enough, they were in the city, though Steve could only tell because of the signs—he didn't know the Bronx at all, and nothing looked familiar.  Given how run-down and ghostly everything felt, Steve found himself grateful for it, deciding Tony was right after all.
"I'll miss you, sweetheart," he whispered.
The Skrulls invade.  Extremis is shut down.  Tony loses his position as head of both the Avengers and S.H.I.E.L.D, and Norman Osborn, of all people, is appointed to take his place instead.  Everything goes to hell, and Hank blames Tony.  And even if Thor, Clint, and Hulk are miraculously, wonderfully back—they all blame him too.
been here were clearly disjointed and confused.
“Yes?”  Tony undoes the button of his fly and pulls the zipper down, and Steve groans as his erection finally has some room to breathe—God, when did he get so hard?  “Wow,” Tony says, and Steve blushes at the way he’s staring down at his crotch.  “Okay, I was just going to fuck you, but you’ve given me another idea.”
Tony squinted into the foliage.  It was hard to tell, since it was daytime, but… "Torches?" he tried.  He couldn't see much directly, but whatever it was, it was giving off a flickering light that was reflecting off the leaves.
Even the more recent news of Steve suddenly, miraculously being back doesn’t manage to lessen how awful he feels.  Steve had
“I—no, of course not!” Tony stammers, trying once more to step back.  “This is my own decision, Steve.  I don’t want to see you anymore.”
Experimentally, he reached up, touching his chest even as a small part of his brain yelled that he needed to stop it right this instant.  He knew that rationally, as the person occupying this body, he was just touching himself, and it shouldn't feel particularly special. But he also knew it wasn't his body; this one was so different from his own that feeling it was a decidedly distinct experience.
“Jesus!” he gasped, bolting upright and automatically grabbing the pack with the gauntlets, looking around and finding Steve snarling at something behind him, his body still dripping with water.  “Steve?  Steve, what’s wrong?”
Steve accepted the clothes gratefully, turning away to pull them on.  “So,” he said, his back to Tony.  “Unless I completely lost track of time, we have to be someplace by noon today.  You know.  Unless you want to stay here for the rest of your life.”
"It's not that," Ty insisted.  Tony wasn't sure how much he believed him.  "I mean, I just don't get it. You were
Steve turns away from a painting on the wall to look, taking the tux from him after a moment and spending some time just running his fingers along the fabric.  “You sure about this?  This feels expensive.”
, he can’t help but think.
for this.  By the end, he was panting heavily, a hand covering one eye - it was definitely going to bruise later - while Dougie barely looked winded, looking down at him with disdain.
But then Hercules attacks and Sam flies Steve away as the Thor clone kills Goliath, and Tony loses his chance to make things right.
Then his fingers closed around something else, something buried deep in the bag.  He pulled it out, blinking slowly at it, the metal glinting dully in the fading light.
Finally, though, something clicked.  Steve sighed in relief, just about to open it up—and then he smelled something acrid fill the hallway, and everything went dark.
Oh, yeah.  That had been one of Tony's rules.  Eat smarter, not harder, he'd said. Donuts and coffee were given to them by the gods and he just needed one plate and one mug to get by in the morning, not the entire cafeteria spread.  Personally, Steve felt that eating donuts was not particularly smart. They weren't very nutritious, were they? Not like potatoes. Potatoes had everything. "Well," Steve said, not sure how to reply out loud.  "I guess so. Aren't you gonna eat?"
"Hmm," Ty said, looking pointedly at Tony's plate.
Steve's mom smiled a little as she finished up her toast.  "You're young, Stevie," she said. "There's no need to rush anything.  Maybe you'll meet that person later. Or maybe that person's been there this whole time, and you just haven't realized it yet.  That's what happened with me and your Pa. You'll just have to wait and see."
Howard just waves a hand dismissively.  “Cuff him,” he tells the stewards, who are quick to oblige.
, who said anything about
gone, a hospital's not a bad place to hole up.  Medical supplies, a cafeteria, surgical tools you could probably make weapons out of… but fortifying this place would have been a lot of work.  Too many exits."
He didn't have much of a choice, though.  Taking a deep breath, Steve ran back inside, dodging a few of the biters that were ahead of the pack and taking the stairs three at a time.  A few seconds later, he'd found the entrance to the press box, kicking the door down without preamble.
"Don't mention it," Ty said, waving one hand.  "Really, I just want to get you over to practice so I can have a good laugh again."
"So do better," Tony said with a shrug.  "You have time."
marked with a king's name, as far as we know," he said, pointing to the one with the horse character on it.  "I'm thinking it might be a safe tile."
.  But he wasn't speaking live - it had been pre-recorded and then broadcast when Steve triggered it.  How had he managed that on his own, when he clearly wasn't working for some studio?
Tony stood.  He didn't know why, but he couldn't sit there anymore, listening to Steve say what sounded like—like a damned
Cap stepped in at that point, helping her to push it aside—and sure enough, there was an outline of what seemed to be a door in the ground.  With a glance at Tony, Cap reached down for the handle, pulling it up with a loud creak that reverberated in the silence.  They gathered around the exposed entrance afterward, peering inside as Rhodey brought out his flashlight and shined it downward.  There was no sign of movement, only a dusty set of stairs that led to what seemed like a large room underground.
Tony glanced up at him briefly before continuing.  "He was a good guy, Steve," he said.
And so they went.  Not long after that, they were on another street—a street Steve had known well, one that he had come to and left from nearly every day of his life, back when Ma was alive.  God, he was so glad she wasn't here to see this place now—especially because of the bodies.  Heaven help him, but there were so many bodies here.  Some were decayed or mangled beyond identification.  Most were people he didn't know.  But then he caught sight of one of his old neighbors, her lifeless body caught under a car, and he gagged, Tony coming up behind him and rubbing his back.  "It's okay, Steve," he tried to soothe.
Steve flung his shield again and went back to moving the debris once he'd caught it.  "Just do it!"
Tony had to admit, he couldn't come up with a very good rebuttal to that.  He couldn't come up with pretty much anything right now, the pain fading to a dull ache as Cap continued to pet him.  In the next second, he was asleep, lulled into dreams by the gentle movement of Cap's hand.
“Do you really have to go?”
“You kissed me.”
Soon enough, the airship came into view, but Tony was distracted by movement off to the side.  He scrubbed his watering eyes, focusing them in time to see—a man?  Not walking.  In a—a wheelchair?
Steve blinked and glanced at Stark, who lowered his weapon.  "Yes," he said, looking back at the two strangers.
Tony sank to his knees, staring down at the one thing he had that embodied the feelings he had for both of them.  The one thing he had that he'd now destroyed. Oh, God. "I'm sorry," he whispered. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry." He reached out gingerly for the pieces, as though they'd crumble in his hands if he handled them too roughly, and laid them out on the carpet so that they almost looked like one coherent whole again.
Luke turned to furrow his brows at Jessica.  "Why can't we both go?"
Of course, they never do grab lunch.  It’s much easier, Tony finds, to ignore the way Steve makes his chest constrict when they’re separated by over two thousand miles of land.
“Us,” Tony repeats.  He sighs, resting his head against Steve’s chest, and for a long moment there is nothing but the sound of their hearts pounding as one.
"Steve?"
He picked up a rock, idly tossing it into the pond and watching as it promptly sank without skipping.  “So now you understand, maybe.  Why I had to keep on looking while we were underground yesterday.  We could have left and come back later, sure.  But at that point, I didn’t know if there would even
get him turned back, no doubt about it—it wasn’t as though he’d be able to wear these scraps of fabric anymore.  “Don’t eat me if the answer is no, but can I make you carry these things?”
He thought of the morning's events as he styled his hair the way Tony liked it, still trying to figure out what could have happened the night before.  Why did he have such a terrible headache? Why did he wake up in Ty's room? Why had some of their clothes been removed?
But Fury, for all his conniving and irritating ability to know everything about everyone, had apparently decided not to share this information with Rogers, and so Tony sure as hell wasn’t going to bring it up now.  Let him be clueless.
Damn it.  Steve hurled his shield straight at the biter currently struggling with Stark, throwing it off of him as Stark blinked in surprise.
Steve sucked in a breath.  He didn't like this.  He didn't like being wary of people who were probably just trying to survive, the same as them.  But Tony clearly felt strongly about this, and… Steve trusted him.  "Okay," he said at last.  "Let's go, then."
“Why are you here?” he finally asks after a long moment.
It was his fault.  He was supposed to be a futurist, someone who could shape what was coming next.  Instead, he'd been ineffective, his presence inconsequential to the tragedy of both Steve and Bucky's fates.  He'd had a chance to make things right, and he'd failed.
Tell me!”
"Hey, yeah, I'm here," someone said.
It seemed like Pepper was at the helm regardless, because the airship shuddered and jerked before tilting upward abruptly.  Tony let out a yell and tightened his hold on Cap, terrified he was going to lose him, and then there was screaming and something exploded and Tony had no idea what was happening; all he knew was he couldn't
"Sergeant," Fury replied as he nodded back.  "I couldn't help but overhear the tail end of your conversation."
the right answer, but Steve figured it was better than trying to guess for real and getting it wrong.
It happens so fast that later on, Tony’s never really sure which of them moved first.  Before he knows it, they’re leaning toward each other, lips meeting, hands sliding against each other’s skin.  Steve tastes like—well, honestly, he tastes a bit like blood from the fight, but that’s okay.  The kiss is gentle but insistent, and when they break apart, Tony is panting a little.  “That—” Steve begins.
"No," he said loudly, and without thinking, he clenched his fists and straightened, ready to defend himself if necessary.
Tony exhaled softly, feeling at peace in Steve's arms, like this was where he was supposed to be.  "I wouldn't have changed a thing," he said.
Right, Rogers.  Great, now he’d have to deal with him again.  Well, nothing for it, he supposed, and so he stuck the stone into his pocket, trying to keep the bitter disappointment off his face as he turned back toward the entrance.  “You can relax now,” he said, resigned.  He’d been sure this was the answer to the problem of his heart somehow, even though he’d had no direct proof that this gem was the powerful glowing circle from the drawings.  But like everything else, it was nothing more than a false hope.
Tony whines around him, as if there’s nothing in the world that he wants more than having Steve come in his mouth, and the sound alone is nearly enough to make him reconsider—and that’s not even taking into account the most convincing puppy-dog eyes he’s ever seen.  But he has to stay strong, he tells himself, because
?" he managed.
It wasn't, he thought.
His response seemed inexplicably bloodthirsty, and so Steve set the dried eggs down, glaring at the back of Stark's head as he felt a familiar anger swell within him.  "So you haven't changed," he snapped. "I thought that maybe—"
one, she certainly is
Steve’s fingers curl around Tony’s wrist gently, reassuringly, even though they feel like ice against his skin.  “Yeah,” the other man replies.  “T-there’s a wind, too.”
," he said at last.  "But it never said he was your father.  And you—"
"You could have died in there."
Tony bit back a retort on how he didn't want to talk about it because there was nothing to talk about, instead nodding as they stepped into the cafeteria.  He went to get his usual breakfast of champions (coffee and a donut, never mind the fact that he'd already had a coffee earlier) and sat down. Ty joined him shortly after with his super-mature bowl of Froot Loops - and to think, he gave Tony shit for eating donuts all the time.
Tony ducked on instinct, but he looked up in time to see Rhodey launching himself toward Cap, who had wandered deeper into the room—there was a flash of
He let his whole body collapse onto the floor, and then he finally wept.
Rogers shrugged.  It looked like he’d started a fire and was heating… something.  “I stayed up for several hours after you passed out,” he told him.  “Then I slept for a while, and then I woke up again and you were still sleeping.  I was seriously considering just lugging you out of here myself.”
They were running out of time.  Steve gripped the pistol, raising it and pointing it at Tony's head, forcing his hands not to shake.  Tony was still looking at him, and the sorrow and trust and love in his eyes was almost overwhelming.  Steve couldn't let him down.  "Always, sweetheart," he said.
Tony leaned over and tugged the sleeve over her foot.  "It's to help your fallen arches," he said. "Don't your feet ache sometimes?"  Tony's sure did, on the days he was Steve. Of course, he ached in many places given the assorted ailments he seemed to have, but this one he could at least do something about.
And then Steve turns around, and his smile is so dazzling Tony doesn’t see the need for light anymore.  “Hey,” he says, and the smile doesn’t waver one bit as he reaches out, touching Tony’s cheek.  “Feels like I’ve waited here for you forever.”
“It’s just a cut.”  Tony tried to roll onto his side, away from Rogers’ gaze as he gritted his teeth in pain.  God, this was stupid.  He should just let Rogers take care of him, it was just—he didn’t want anyone to see the metal plate shielding his damaged heart.  Not even Captain America.
Steve's mom let out a long sigh, taking a sip of her orange juice and laying her head back against the bedrest.  "Stubborn," she said. "But you should know that if you don't leave, I'm going to make you talk about girls."
Tony squinted over at Cap.  Partly out of suspicion, and partly out of a lack of desire to keep his eyes opened all the way.  "Like you knew," he accused.  "How sleepy it makes me feel."
.  You didn't have to kill her."
The other man laughed; Tony could feel the hairs on the back of his neck prickle in response.  "I'm calling you on your bluff," said the man.  "
“I’d rather you did more than just put your face there.”
"Chemicals?" Steve ventured.
When the pyre finally burned itself out, Steve gathered up everything that hadn't turned to ash, and he carefully placed the pieces into a shallow hole he'd dug earlier.  It was one of several—he'd made a hole for each of the dog tags he'd collected during the journey south, and then he'd buried each of the soldiers one by one as the fire had roared behind him.
To his surprise, Rogers shook his head.  Tony frowned.  “What?” he asked.  “That’s a mountain.  The tallest one.  So we should go there.”  Rogers nodded at this; Tony’s frown deepened.  “So what’s your problem?”  Of course, since Rogers couldn’t say anything, he couldn’t answer, so Tony sighed, rubbing his forehead.  And then it came to him.  “Oh.
Tony’s had the words on his wrist for as long as he can remember.  They’re written in blue ink, the handwriting neat and steady, and for most of his young life he neither knows nor cares what they mean.
Jarvis nodded a little, looking at him.  He seemed like a very calming person normally, but right now the intensity of his gaze was unnerving Steve somewhat.  Still, Steve tried to act normal, scraping off whatever was left on the plate. "You're not alone in this home, Master Anthony, remember that," he said at last.
Not wanting to startle Steve, he crouched down slowly, picking the glove up and turning it in his free hand.  Up close like this, it was clear that it wasn’t just a regular glove, but a metallic gauntlet, studded with gems.
Tony went quiet after that, no longer trying to pull away from Steve's loose grip.  A few minutes later, though, he finally spoke up.  "…Thanks," he said, his voice soft.  "I mean… I don't… I don't know if I really believe you yet, but I appreciate that you actually said those things.  I don't think I ever expected that out of you."
.  Hell if I know why you’re spending time with me now, though.”
your time rescuing stray animals, do you?  You draw.”  Without warning, he plucks Steve’s drawing pad out of his hands, starting to flip through it before Steve can protest.  “…You draw the stray animals you rescue?  And here I thought you were kidding about that.”  He goes through a few more pages, and Steve quietly hopes to himself that maybe he’ll lose interest before he gets to the end.  “Pretty lady,” he says.  “Who is this?”
It wasn't until late at night, as Steve stared into the streets from his watch spot on the second floor and tried to blink the sleep from his eyes, that he realized that not once had Tony ever assured him that his
Rogers awkwardly brought one paw up, thumping at Tony’s back, causing him to blanch and pull away.  “I appreciate the gesture,” he told him quickly.  “But super soldier strength and sabretooth paws aren’t a good combination.”  Rogers just sighed and stood up, looking around, Tony looking with him.  He lifted one hand and pointed at a mountain peak, the highest of any of the nearby ones.  “That’s got to be it,” he said.  “What do you think, Rogers?”
"No, I've had it for a while," came the response.  "Been carrying it around as protection.  Just in case."
By the time Tony got back home, the sun was down, and it was all he could do to muster up the energy to stop by the shared kitchen to prepare some sort of meal from the meager assortment of food in his section of the cabinets before slogging back to his room.  Once he finally settled down with his sad bowl of soup and some bread, he pulled Steve's journal toward him, flipping to the first entry written after their last switch.
Steve could hardly believe what he was hearing.  "Do you realize how irrational you sound?  What were you supposed to do?  Kill them all?"
He couldn’t let that happen.
"This is mostly for Miss Potts' convenience," Tony announced to the people assembled there.  "Since she saw fit to come so very, very late."
Tiny or not, though, it had changed him.  And if it really had happened - and it had, he repeated to himself over and over - then Steve was there in the past, still on a trajectory toward a doom only Tony knew of.  If they could only switch one more time, if Tony could carry his present knowledge to Steve's period, then maybe, maybe he could save him.
He was, of course, familiar with his own body.  It was his body, after all. But the blessed, cursed thing about him was that it wasn't just his own body he had experience living in - he'd lived so many days of his life as another person, too.  And today, he felt like neither.
understand why Tony brought them to such a quiet, secluded place.  “If you’d like to start, I, um… I won’t stop you.”
"I think I'm the only one who can say for sure, don't you?" Tony responded softly.  "Even when you were angry with me… and even when I was angry at you for being angry with me… you were still everything to me.  When I thought you died…"  He trailed off, taking a deep breath.  "Well.  I'm glad you're back, Steve."
But what exactly could he do right now, anyway?  For all he knew, if he stepped out the door, he'd run into one of the woman's friends.  Maybe they'd been taken to this room because all the other rooms were already occupied.
“Mother hen,” Tony manages weakly.  His eyes trail along Steve’s glistening, wet arms for a moment, and he looks up at him dazedly, smiling slightly.  “You’re really beautiful.”
Soup forgotten for the time being, Tony rose from his chair, starting to poke around the more obvious places in Steve's room - under the pillow, in his drawers, under the mattress.  Nothing. So then he tried some other places - leafing through Steve's drawing pad, rummaging in some boxes of dried food, even taking apart a framed photo of Ma in case he'd hidden something behind the picture.  Still nothing.
Tony paused for a moment, remembering the terror he’d felt at the beginning.  It’d been a long time ago, but some things never faded.  “Ever since then, every adventure I’ve been on, every issue of
So they crouched there in silence, Jessica turning every now and then to look at the bodies on the asphalt as Steve tried not to think about his non-relationship with Stark.  Soon enough, the man in question returned, his hands covered in what looked like plant matter.  "Sound," Stark said as he got closer.  "And smell.  Biters are blind, so that's how they're drawn to humans."
As it turns out, the suite is so big it has
And it’s so easy to forget all of that when he flies into Times Square to see one of his own suits takes Steve down.
going to save the others, and we
Tony snorts, running a hand through his hair, damp with sweat, and Steve can’t help but find it beautiful—almost erotic, even.  “Believe me,” he says.  His voice is just a little bit slurred, but he seems to be as sharp as ever.  “Just because I’m supposedly a gentleman doesn’t mean I can’t handle my booze.”
"Carol, don't!" Jessica called, pushing Steve aside and running up to her.  "It's okay.  He's not Burnside.  You're safe."
Ty gave Steve an odd look.  "You know already," he said.  "Dad does the same stuff as your dad.  Tech stuff."
"Well, that was disgusting," she said, turning to face a door in the back of the cafeteria before freezing.  "Oh, my God."  Before Steve could ask her what was wrong, she ran over to one the biters Steve had crippled, kneeling by its side and taking its head into her hands.  It struggled and gnashed its teeth at her, but she seemed unafraid.  Steve watched, ready to act if it attacked her, as she ran a thumb against a grayish cheek, whispering something to herself—"You deserved better, Peter," he thought he heard, and then the next thing he knew, she'd jammed her knife into its skull, and it went still.
And that was when he realized he was completely naked.
Tony leans down, and it looks like he’s about to just bury his face in his crotch when he pauses, glancing back up at him.  “You’re okay with this, right?  Getting naked?  Doing the horizontal tango with me?”
"You said you couldn't tell me yet when I asked."
"Bucky?" he whispered.
Tony frowned down at the name.  It seemed familiar, like he'd seen it recently.  Maybe even as recently as earlier today, on some of the items he'd moved or packed.  Was it… maybe Ma's name? Was Joseph Steve's dad? It would make sense. He vaguely remembered something about Steve's dad having been in the army, and this confirmed it.
Alright, so maybe Tony had done more than just considered it.  He'd thought about it, dreamed about it. But he'd never acted upon it.  Because, really - Steve Rogers? Could there
Tony still felt doubtful, but he couldn't find anything to actually refute.  He still felt like he was missing something, but he wasn't sure what.
“Dammit, Tony,” he murmurs, and he leans his head against the glass and sighs.
When Tony comes to the realization that he has to delete his mind in order to protect the superhuman database from falling into Osborn’s hands, somehow the knowledge that he’ll be forgetting all of this doesn’t disappoint him as much as he might think.
They fell quiet then, enjoying the temporary peace as the train continued through the tunnel.  Dimly, Steve was aware that they should probably be keeping an eye out in case there were more blockages, but he couldn't make himself get up just yet.  But evidently luck was on their side, because soon enough, sunlight flooded into the compartment, and Steve realized they'd cleared the tunnel.  He pulled himself up, Tony doing the same beside him, and looked outside.
And so they went.  Steve knew the area well—and he wished he didn't, because now he knew how everything had changed—and he was able to lead them into the yard to look around.  There were more fallen soldiers here whose dog tags Steve took like he had with the others.  He still didn't know what he was going to do with them all, but he did know that he wasn't going to just leave them here.
With a groan, he pulled himself away, jogging to class and arriving just in time.  The period felt like it dragged on forever, and even doing more theorizing on the microbots he'd been working on as a side project didn't make time pass any faster.  The rest of the day was similarly slow, but the good thing about time was that it
"Don't be."  Carol turned to Jessica then, laying a hand against her arm.  "I wish I could've done more."
“Shh,” Steve says, and he places a cold finger against Tony’s lips, quieting him.  His hand is trembling.  “When you g-get to land, y-you’re gonna design an airplane, a-and you’re gonna b-build it, and then you’re g-gonna take off in it.  A-and you’re gonna fly, Tony.  Y-you’re g-gonna go h-high and f-fast and you’re g-g-gonna be unstoppable.  P-promise me.  Promise me you’re gonna f-fly away.”
But then the light appears again, and this time, he turns his head—almost feeling like he can
"So let me get this straight," Rhodey said.  "We're making the assumption that the item mentioned in the bone writing is actually a third of the item we have with us right now, because—"  He looked at the annotations next to the characters on the oracle bone photo.  "—Tiger-circle-three, apparently.  If that's true, and if this piece was found in one of those capitals, then it would imply the other two pieces are hidden in the other two capitals."
Steve continued to growl, and Tony frowned, looking behind him.  There wasn’t much to see—just a couple of trees and rocks.  “Do you see something?” he asked, turning back to him.  “Because I don’t—”
For a long time, he’s able to do just that.
Tony cautiously reached forward to pick the pieces up, though he supposed at the moment it was just the one piece, since they'd combined, and held it up in the light.  It was clearly a ring now, with about a third of it missing, and there was a hairline crack in the middle of the arc, the only thing to indicate that it wasn't actually a singular fragment.  "I see," he said.  Cap was still holding his hand out, so Tony gave the piece back to him.  "Tell me, Cap… do you think there's anything to this thing?  Have you felt anything?"
"There might be a way," Rhodey said from the floor, where he was still sitting near the tile Cap had triggered.  He motioned them closer, then shone his flashlight along the row of tiles that included the rigged one.  Tony realized now that Rhodey had dusted some of them.  "Take a look.  The tiles in the entrance—the ones we've mostly been standing on—are plain.  But starting with this row, and probably continuing until where the skeleton is, the tiles have patterns along the edges.  They're thin, and the dust is obscuring a lot of the markings, but they're there.  But most importantly—"  He jabbed at two of the tiles with his brush.  "The pattern seems to be the same for each tile, but they have different characters engraved into the top right corner.  That might be a clue as to which tiles are safe and which ones aren't."
because of my adventures.  If I'd stayed put, nothing bad would have happened to them.  Not by my hand, at least.  I wanted to extend my life, and I cost the lives of others in the process."  He sighed.  "So.  Back to being lucky with my reactor.  I stopped having to constantly recharge both myself and the suit and no one else had to get hurt."  His fingers tapped against his chest idly.  "The thing is, the reactor's not a cure."
The day had started off normal - or at least, as normal as it could when you woke up in another person's body a few decades into the future.  Steve would have preferred that it hadn't happened so he could continue packing and making arrangements, but he'd long since learned in the past few months that he didn't have any choice in switching, so he just had to deal with it.
he wanted to ask, but he knew better than to do something so foolish.
"He told me he was going to the Navy Yard," she replied.  "Something must have happened to him there."
Tony jolted, then looked back at Steve, chest heaving.  "Steve," he managed.
“Good.”  Tony withdrew his hand quickly, focusing on packing his stuff and being absolutely sure to not meet Rogers’ gaze.  Damn the man.  Why did he have to look so impossibly earnest all the time?
"You helped us too," Steve pointed out.  "And we knew Bucky… James as well."
"Ye of little faith," Tony lamented.  They'd gone looking for things with a lot less evidence in the past, and it always—well, mostly—turned out fine.  But that wasn't the argument he had to pull out now, fortunately.  What he
"Please," Tony said.  "Steve.  We helped her.  We don't harm her by leaving."
"Let's hope.  Assuming they
Steve sighs, running a hand through his hair.  “But you went along with it anyway back then.  What’s different this time?”
"Okay," Tony said, mostly to himself as he looked around.  "I'm going to see how bad the damage is.  Find out what we have to work with.  Cap, I need a favor."
And doesn’t Steve understand?  Doesn’t
"I'd definitely rather be up here than down where you are," Jessica replied with a soft snort.  "I'll just be slow catching up, that's all.  Look, there's not much time—I gotta go now.  Remember, head for the cafeteria!"
The rest of the papers almost looked like a condensed scientific article, beginning with an abstract and ending with a section titled "Expected Results".  Furrowing his brow, Tony went through the long list of anticipated outcomes: the subject would have enhanced speed, enhanced strength, enhanced metabolism, enhanced durability, enhanced reflexes… it went on and on.  Finally, it concluded:
Tony woke up, and then he rolled onto his front and wept into his pillow, because he knew that if he was alive, then Steve was dead.
It took a few minutes of this, but eventually something ahead of them rustled, and Luke emerged from the trees, Danielle clutched in his arms and relief plainly written on his face, even in the darkness.  "Thank God," he muttered, starting toward them before abruptly stopping, then rushing forward again.  "Sweet Christmas, what the fuck happened to you?"
Steve wanted to pick a fight with him, but he managed to decide against it, trying to relax even as his heart thudded uncomfortably loudly.  But… he couldn't let
When the lifeboat comes for him, he’s nearly frozen, but still alive.  But even as they wrap him up in blankets, trying to get him to lie down, he struggles against their hands and sits up anyway, ignoring the searing pain in his shoulder.  And he looks over the edge, looks over at the figure lying motionless on a makeshift raft, just one body in a sea of hundreds—
God.  He was incorrigible sometimes—all the time, really.  Despite his anger, though, he didn't actually want Stark facing the biters alone, so he took a deep breath and followed in after him before turning away so that he wouldn't have to see Stark killing them all.  For his part, he handled the biters in his own way—striking them in the legs, crippling them and making it harder for them to move around.  As long as he didn't put his feet somewhere stupid, it would be okay.
seemed like ages ago, but after putting some thought into it, Tony realized it was only two or so nights back.  Strange how time worked.  In any case, sure, he'd lit his customary candle for Virgil, and he'd told him a little about what they were going to do, but… something seemed off.  Cap sounded as though he knew of Virgil's significance, which certainly wasn't something Tony would have waxed on about during his talk.
"Oh God, oh God," he whispered as he rushed closer, hands trembling as he tried to find a good place from which he could lift the shelf.  If it was Jarvis under here, if he'd been hurt or worse because he'd been left to guard the airship alone because Tony had been too stubborn to stay…
The sound Tony had been trying to hold back came out now, and a loud, anguished cry escaped his lips.  From around them, the biters were turning in interest, some slowly lumbering their way.
Nearly the whole summer had passed, and up until now, Steve had managed to have very limited contact with him.  It hadn't been on purpose - true to Tony's word, his Pa just wasn't at home much, and on the rare occasion he was, the house was big enough that they didn't really cross paths all that often.  Steve couldn't help but privately feel that it was a little sad, for Tony's own Pa to not seem to care that much about checking in on him. At least his Ma made an effort to talk to him, even though she was home as rarely as Tony's Pa.
had to get some sleep and Rogers didn’t?
The polite response would be to say that he was glad to be back, but Steve didn't think he could bring himself to say such a thing.  He doubted Tony would believe him, anyway.  How could he be glad to be brought back to a world that was now a more dangerous, darker place than the one he remembered?  Everything had changed, and none of it had been for the better.
He reached forward with the submarine arms to gently, gently wrap them around Steve's still body, floating before them so ghostly and pale in the floodlights.  From beside him, he could hear Pepper struggling to keep her breaths under control.  Jarvis was in the back, silent as always.  Tony wished badly that Rhodey could have been here for him in this moment as well, but he'd already been deployed back to the front lines.  This would have to do.
"I can't let you do that," he said.
"Shit," said Rhodey.
Tony frowned, looking at the cat, then the shield, then back at the cat again.  And that was when he realized what was going on.
“You shoot its big ugly face from the hidey hole,” Rogers clarified.  Tony wondered if he was smiling right now.  Too bad it was dark.  “Okay.  Let’s go.”
They were both out of their minds.  There was no other explanation for it, because how could anyone actually think the biters were a blessing?  Steve had to find Tony and get them out of here before things became worse than they already were.   "I won't let this happen," he said.
And suddenly he realizes the truth.
came up with this because…?" Tony asked as he hastened to pack everything up.  Now that he had an actionable lead, he didn't want to wait.
Marvels
"It probably wasn't as great as
at the same time a massive paw came swinging at his face.
" - But you made it through," Steve said, unaware of Tony's thoughts, "because you're stronger than you know even though I'm sure you don't believe it.  But I always will."
Tony grinned at that, reaching forward to flick a stray hair out of Steve’s face and watching his big blue eyes light up in surprise.  “Is that so?” he asked.  “You’ll have to tell me all about it.”
Tony and the suit fight.  He’ll learn, eventually, how Yinsen’s kid managed to program the suit to turn against everybody, but not today.  Not now.  Right now the only thing that matters is bringing this hulking lump of metal down.
"The world ended."  Stark opened his eyes to look at Steve, who found himself taken aback, wondering why Stark would say something so bizarre.  "It's not exaggeration," Stark continued, reading the disbelief on Steve's face.  "Let's backtrack.  Remember the undead monster trying to eat you?"
Steve shook his head, brandishing the half-empty mug in front of him.  At the very least, he could throw the coffee onto the other guy, right?  "I'm serious! Who are you?"
.  Why—”
It shouldn't have hurt, but it did.  Sure, it had been years - God,
"You got shot because you were busy saving me," Cap said.
"I need more samples," Maya insisted.
"Of course, sunshine boy," she said.  Her gaze fell onto the needle and cloth he was holding.  "You should really be doing that in the kitchen, though. Away from here."
When Tony goes home that night, he still feels like shit, but some way, somehow, his heart is just a little bit lighter.
“Let go for me,” Tony whispers, breath hot against his ear.  “Prove it to me—prove that I can make you feel good—”
Cap shook his head.  "I don't think I can," he said.
translated.  Unluckily for us, it looked like useless drivel.  But luckily for us again, it's
"In solving problems about radar until you fall asleep at your desk from exhaustion because you don't want to think about anything else?" Fury supplied.  Tony frowned.  Who the hell was Fury getting his information from?  "That's very noble, Stark.  Admirable."
"I'll manage," Tony replied as he stood up with his empty tray, ready to ditch Ty and the cafeteria, so that he could go back to his room.  "You know I do."
So much for ignoring them.  Tony motions for Steve to sit down, and Steve does so after lowering his hand, managing to look terrified and determined at the same time.  “What do you mean, what am I doing?” he asks casually.  “Dinner gets boring with just the three of us.  I thought he’d make for interesting company.”
The days passed without too much incident, the two of them trekking quietly through snow-covered roads that had long since been abandoned and walking past that buildings nature was slowly beginning to reclaim.  There were bodies—several of them—that they passed by, with Stark jabbing the heads of any that were close enough with an ice pick.  "I'm not risking getting ambushed," he'd explained, and Steve supposed he understood.
?  "Let go!"
recognition," Tony replied.  "Good news is, I think we can still fly this thing, and I think I have an idea of where our friends are.  Bad news is, I don't know that she'll fly for long, and if I'm reading the transceiver signals correctly, they're in Turkey."
can guarantee us financial security.
This was it.  Tony wanted to die, and he wanted Steve's permission to make it happen.  Steve could barely comprehend it.  They'd spent days, weeks, months together, traveling south, fighting side by side, and this—this was the choice Steve was facing now.  It was unfair.
Steve glances down at himself and shrugs, giving him a little smile.  “No big deal.  It’s only a flesh wound.”
He pinched the bridge of his nose with his eyes squeezed shut, remembering.  Yeah, last night had happened. He and Ty and some others had gone off-campus for a big dinner to celebrate the end of the semester, and then they went back to Ty's room and played some party games.  And then Ty, damn him, had dared Tony to drink because "what the hell, Tony, you haven't had a drink all evening; what are you, a teetotaler?" and what else was Tony supposed to do in that case? So he'd drunk.
Tony blinks at him.  “A break?” he repeats after a few moments.
"How?"
(again, major spoilers, but if you made it this far presumably it doesn't matter anymore):
Tony arches an eyebrow at him, already squeezing some into his hand and rubbing it against his fingers.  “Do you want to do this or not?”
"I know," Steve said.  "It's not going to be easy.  But we gotta try."
Steve considered looking back at Bucky but decided against it.  His mind was still trying to process everything.  He'd found Bucky, lost him, and now he'd been bitten.  It had taken, what, all of five minutes?  "What about it?"
Tony pursed his lips, sitting up long enough to check the controls again.  "It's a solid day of flying," he said.  "But I think we can do it.
Tony can’t help but think, though he doesn’t voice the thought out loud.  Not yet, anyway.  “I was never
A slight grimace mars that perfect face of his, and Tony exhales sharply, staring back up into the sky.  “Point taken.  I was… just in a bad place.  Everything was building up.  I had to let it out.  I’m still upset.”  He falls silent for a moment, looking contemplative.  “…I think I feel better now, though.  Thanks to you.”
Steve's first instinct was to be angry, but the biters banged hard against the door again, and he realized how irrational he was being.  Stark—Stark brought out a lot in him, sometimes.  "You didn't lose her," he said.  "Visibility was low.  It's fine.  We'll find her."
“Tony,” Rogers began, but otherwise didn’t make any move to follow him, if the absence of footsteps was saying anything.  Well, good.  Tony didn’t need him.  He didn’t need anyone.  If this thing—this piece of magic—was for real, if it did what he
Cap let out a soft hum of agreement.  "Might be an oil platform on fire."
“Oh,” Steve says again.  “That’s very nice of you, Tony.  Thanks.”
Steve snorts and shakes his head.  “Just use spit.”  It won’t be comfortable, sure, but
(Steve isn’t perfect all the time, though.  He sits down next to Tony one evening, looking glum: “I tried to look up the American dream,” he tells Tony, “but all I found were results about real estate.”  Tony laughs, but he feels bad about it afterward, so they sit down and listen to CDs of the Midnight Racer.)
Sunset wrinkles her nose, looking vaguely disgusted.  “You sound like you wander around aimlessly.  Do you not have a home?”
—that there was no point.  Steve couldn't hear him.  But he had to try.
Tony turns to stare at him, and Steve feels his cheeks flush a little at the scrutiny.  “Are you real?” he asks after a moment.  Steve just stares back, unsure how to answer that, and Tony continues, glancing away, “No one’s ever really listened to anything I have to say before.”
"Please don't," Tony whispered far too quickly, looking away.  "I mean—sorry.  No.  I don't."
Steve let out his breath slowly.  "No need for thanks, Tony," he said.  "Jesus."
“Shh,” Steve interrupts gently, placing a finger against his lips.  “Don’t think of Sunset.  She doesn’t matter anymore.  Just think of me.  Of us.”
“Fuck,” he announced to the world, because now seemed as good as any to curse.
"We get lunch too?"
Tony catches a glimpse of the chain—now broken in half—before stepping back and taking a deep breath, barely aware of his hand dropping the gun into the water; his arm’s gone numb.  “Christ,” he breathes.  “Thank God.”  He takes a few more moments to collect himself, and then he splashes over to Steve, reaching out to embrace him—and that’s when the world goes white again.  “Fuck,” he gasps, sagging a little in Steve’s arms; dimly, he can see the other man’s eyes widen, lips parting.
Rogers hummed, leaning forward to investigate it.  “Yeah,” he said after a moment.  “It’s dead.”  He managed a shaky laugh, running his free hand through his hair.  “Well, now we know what to do next time.  Just get it to open its mouth wide somehow and shove a beam of light down its throat.  Easy as pie.”
“That means there are creatures capable of written language here,” Tony said.  “There’s a difference.  Anyway, I don’t think it matters.  I’m not picking up on anything of significant mass that seems to be alive below us, so even if there were people here once, they’re gone now.”  But if they’d ever owned anything magical… then maybe that was still here.
Steve didn't reply, his ears straining.  "Upstairs," he managed after a few seconds of silence.  "Someone's upstairs.  Let's go."
“Stay calm,” Carol replies, which confuses Tony until she continues, “but Steve’s been shot.”
Steve removes his finger, but instead of pulling back, he places both his hands against Tony’s cheeks, cupping his face and making their eyes meet again.  “You’re punishing yourself because you still blame yourself for things that happened a decade ago and you want my forgiveness,” he says bluntly, and Tony tries not to wince at how much his words ring true.  “Well, you have it.”
“How is it any different from what any of us do every single day of our lives?” Tony interjects, unable to help himself.
Captain America was also dead.
"And now, today, it seems like we've finally switched.  It looks like so much has happened to you, Tony. I wish I could have been here for you for some of it, and I'm sorry I wasn't."
That was a low blow, and Stark surely knew it.  "You do what you have to," Steve said.  "But I'm not you, and I won't do the things you've done."
He pauses for a moment, chest heaving as he watches Steve carefully for any signs of wakefulness.  When Steve doesn’t move, he practically shoves at him, voice rising and scratching against his throat—”Steve.  Steve!  Wake up, Steve, you have to—y-you have to wake up—”
Tony never heard the rest, though, because in the next instant, a thousand pounds of big cat bowled into him, knocking the wind right out of his body.  Oh, shit.  Oh,
Hmm.  Well, Tony was always up for a good fight.  Of course, most of his fights were in well-lit, open spaces.  Or just
Rogers took a few steps in, his frown evident in the glow of their flashlights.  “What happened?” he asked.  “Where’s the glowing thing?”
helped me.  And you're a good person."
week,” Tony felt compelled to add.  “Really, really long.”
"Is this the son I raised?"
“Me,” she agrees, taking his hand and holding it.
In silence, the three of them stood, Steve taking point this time as they approached the building and made their way to the closest window.  From behind him, Jessica whispered, "There's something on the edges that wasn't there when we left."
Steve yelped again, having expected another image to show up, not for the box to start
Steve pushed Stark's hands away, glaring at him.  "Fine," he said.  "Do what you feel like you have to do, like you've always done.  I've never been able to stop you, anyway."
else of interest in Tony's room.
At this, Tony hesitated, debating whether he’d rather lose his dignity or continue to lay down next to a dead animal, then decided to hell with his dignity and nodded.  In response, Rogers slid his hands underneath Tony’s body, hoisting him upward and carrying him back to their igloo.  He laid him down afterward, movements surprisingly gentle as he shone the flashlight over his chest.  “This looks bad,” he murmured softly.  He set the flashlight down, then rummaged in his pack, bringing out something Tony recognized as the first-aid kit.
Steve blinked.  He hadn't even realized he'd been doing that.  Somehow, between leaving for the school and now, Tony… Tony had become more than a travel companion borne out of necessity, and Steve cared deeply about what happened to him.  "Well," he said.  "Do you want me to go back to calling you Stark?"
Cap, still seated in a chair a few feet away, tilted his head.  "You know Ms. Potts warned me that you were going to try and do things mere seconds ago, right?" he said.  "I'm onto you, Mr. Stark."
"Hey.  Wake up."
Tony snorted.  He had to admire Cap being so upfront.  "Well, let me know when you plan on rebelling."  He yawned then, standing up and sticking his hands in his pockets.  It was day one of their mission, and there was something he still had to take care of.  "For now, I'm going to bed.  Good night, Cap."
"Isn't that what we're doing, though?" Steve pointed out.  "You're a scientist.  And this Reed friend that Jim went with is also a scientist.  Hell, Jim himself is a naturalist.  Similar people seek each other out.  That's not strange."
And there, in blood-red ink and in Tony’s own handwriting, are the words
Gratefully, Steve accepted the mug and held it to his lips, starting to gulp the coffee down.  It was as bitter as he remembered, but somehow it was also amazing. Halfway through his mug, he lowered it back down, blinking slowly as he tried to remember what
think of you—the truth is, we're on the same side.  We always have been."
Steve grunted in response.
He stared at it.  What had happened?  How was this even possible?  Curiously, he dug the gem out of the socket to see what would happen, then promptly convulsed and gasped for breath, hurriedly jamming it back a moment later as he tried not to panic.
Tony sat down in the rickety chair next to her bed.  "I'm making something," he said. He would have preferred that she be the one to make it, but she was sick so that was clearly out of the question.
, he would never be fully comfortable with them.  Maybe because they reminded him of his own mortality.  Or maybe because they were just damn creepy.  Probably a mix of both.
Finally, Tony stops, panting quietly as he braces himself above him, beads of sweat shining on his forehead.  He glances at Steve and grins.  “Okay,” he says.  “I’m in.  Do you need a moment?  Because it seems like you should need a moment.  You’re so damn
The hair was longer, the face older, but Steve would recognize him anywhere.  "Bucky," he repeated, stumbling toward him, putting out of his mind the whiteness of his eyes and the blood-red of his lips.  It was
And in that moment, standing there with Steve's thumb running over his thrumming pulse, the last piece of the puzzle fell into place.  Those parting words from Steve's final voicelog, all those years ago - Tony had never figured out what they were. But now, he realized, he knew: they were the words a soldier said to the pulse of his heart, his distant love.
"Geography, mostly," Tony said.  "Hills and bridges and the like funnel them together, and then they just kind of…  stay that way.  And now they're headed here."
So, no visitor.  But things were out of place and maybe it had been Ma who moved things, but he doubted it.  She usually let him keep his privacy. But then that only left, well - himself.
“Maybe.”  And with that, Tony ducks his head again, kissing his neck, his chest, his stomach.  Steve shivers under his touch, breath hitching as he nips at his navel.  “God, Steve.  Did you know you’re perfect?  Why are you hiding underneath these clothes?”
“Yeah, and I got what I wanted.”  His gaze flickers up and he grins again, leaning down to kiss Steve on the lips.  “Now I want more.”
anymore, was he?  His limbs were longer than his own, real-life-Steve limbs, much less the tiny arms and legs he vaguely remembered flailing about with all those years ago.  They were thicker, too. And he was shirtless and goodness, that was some view, looking down.
"Ma, it's
Tem was here.  Tony was here, too, seemingly conscious, but Tem was standing over him, one hand grasping Tony's collar.
“Please,” Tony said, rolling his eyes.  “Steve, I’m a genius who likes attention and flashing things.  You think I can’t design some fireworks that’ll catch eyes no matter how much sun there is?  Grab your stuff and follow me.”
" Steve's voice continued, and the fleeting hope Tony had felt immediately dissipated.  Steve couldn't hear him.  Steve was on a deathtrap and there was not a damned thing Tony could do about it.
Steve gazes back at him in return, eyes intense, and Tony feels his breath catch at the attention.  Then, without saying anything, Steve turns away, leaning over their raft and paddling weakly at the water with one arm.
When that was done, Steve went back to the pyre and collected the ashes.  Those he took to the nearby creek, and there he scattered them, watching as the water carried it all away and wondering if there was such a thing as the afterlife.
What the hell had just happened?
Abrupt gunfire cut Rhodey off, and on instinct Tony threw himself to the ground, grunting in pain as everything was jostled.  Pain or not, though, he had to act.  He quickly pulled his pack off, reaching inside with his good hand to grab his gauntlet, but by the time he looked back up there was smoke everywhere—more than was natural, and he suspected that their new company had added smoke bombs to the mix.
," he said finally.
Before Cap had a chance to ask for more details, Tony increased the power in the boots, enough to go airborne.  With their weight—hell, even with just the weight of the suit—he couldn’t sustain it for long, but all he needed was enough lift to get them onto the carrier.  The move surprised nearly everyone involved—Cap let out a whoop of delight as the men who were firing at them made simultaneous sounds of panic and alarm.
He had to wonder if that was the intention, for the drawings to be unintelligible.  Maybe it was the only way Steve could express himself without other people being able to tell what he was doing.  The problem was, Tony couldn't tell what Steve was doing, either.
And that is the last time he ever sees Steve Rogers.
"As in, if we do make it there, we may not have transport to get out," Cap mused softly.
Then again, maybe it wasn’t actually bad.  If there weren’t any living creatures on the mountain, then there was probably a good reason for it.  Like maybe it slowly poisoned and killed everyone who set foot on it, which would be unfortunate.  Or maybe because it was
Tony woke up, and he was still Tony Stark.
He couldn't stay here any longer.  As Maya turned to the side to do something with the syringe, Steve took the chance to glance around the room again—still distressingly no Tony, but this time he noticed both of their packs lying nearby, along with his shield and Tony's shovel and rifle.  Confined as he was to the chair, though, he wouldn't be able to use anything inside the packs, which meant he needed to stop being confined to the chair.
There was a
So slowly, he opened his eyes, waiting for his vision to sharpen.
would cause a butterfly effect that would keep Steve safe until the war was over.
Stark held up his hands.  "Okay, okay," he said.  "No building.  So what are we up against?"
"This wasn't your fault."  He took a deep breath, then made himself straighten, running a hand through his hair and fighting the urge to look around again.  He already knew what he'd see.  "Come on.  Let's go."
Once he'd opened his eyes again, though, it became pretty clear as to how that happened.  He was in Steve's body today. Which was great for him, he supposed, since it meant he wouldn't have to suffer for last night's actions, though he did feel a bit sorry for Steve, who was likely going to wake up with a pounding headache.  And since Steve wasn't an idiot, he would probably figure out what the pounding headache was caused by and then be so, so disappointed in Tony...
with assistance as the fifth member of your party."
Steve’s gaze landed on the gashes in his arm; his eyes widened, and he looked back to Tony, clearly wanting to know where this had come from.  “It’s nothing,” Tony said quickly, putting his hand over it, which ended up being a bad idea because one, he was still wearing his gauntlet, and two, now his gauntlet was covered with blood.  Great.  “Um.  If you could grab my bag for me?”
Tony's gaze turned to him again, his expression a mix of confusion and cautious hope.  "What are you trying to say, Steve?" he asked softly.
And… hm.  Steve frowned, pulling out the unfamiliar object that had been buried beneath the books and other things.  It was black, rectangular, and made out of the same hard, unfamiliar material he'd seen elsewhere on the campus that day - not metal, not wood, not glass.  And it was pretty hefty to boot, although its size and bulk made it fit fairly comfortably on his lap. The presence of a latch implied it was some sort of openable box, so he undid it and carefully pushed the top part upward, revealing… some kind of screen underneath?  The bottom part of the opened box, meanwhile, appeared to contain a typewriter, though the keys were more square and not as raised as the typewriters he'd seen before.
"Says you," Steve hissed.  "Is killing always the first thing you think of?"
Finally, it was over.  Exhausted, Tony stumbled away from the remains of the outpost, clutching at his side in a vain attempt to ease the pain of the bullet wound.  His mouth was dry from the heat, and even without seeing it, he knew his skin was sticky with sweat and dust and soot. Still, he pressed on, needing to put as much distance between him and the cave as possible.
“Tony,” Steve whispers.
"Okay," Steve said.  "So what's the problem?"
Jessica considered it.  "There… might be medical supplies in Burnside's office," she said after a moment.  "It's not so far from where we came in."
"There's no need for that," Tony replied, relaxing now that Cap had finished up with his arm.  "I mean, to be clear, what you said borders on the ridiculous.  But…"  His gaze drifted, and though his arm was still throbbing, he smiled up at the ceiling of the airship.  "It was certainly nice."
"Huh," Tony replied, a little absentmindedly.  Okay, he might have taken a second to peek into the bag to admire the shield, and maybe, just maybe, there was a slight possibility that that second might have been a lot more than a second.  "Sorry."
Less than a year later, Baintronics becomes established as a weapons designer and supplier.  Some of its first models are based directly off the prototypes stolen from Stark Industries months earlier, and that’s when Tony realizes the truth at last.
He’s placed on strict bed rest then, and the doctor gives him a few pills of Aspirin with accompanying instructions to not go anywhere.  So as soon as Tony’s left alone, he gets up, ignoring the Aspirin and heading outside toward the rail, a blanket wrapped tight around his body as he gazes out over the water.
Tony frowned again.  He’d been out that long?   What a waste of time.  They’d have to make up for it somehow.  “Well, I’m up now.  So what’s for breakfast?”
Okay, time for excuses.  Tony cleared his throat, trying to seem casual, and said, “I mentioned I’m hallucinating, right?  Pretty out of it.  I hit my head, you see.  I wouldn’t put much stock in anything I’m doing right now, really.”
"Sure," Luke said, and ambled off.
He then said a string of syllables Tony couldn't quite make out - not any language he knew, whatever it was - and then the recording ended, leaving Tony staring blank-eyed at the screen.
“Uh huh,” Steve said with a little smile, setting his shield aside as well.  “Well, I’m happy for you, Tony.  I don’t know what I would have done if I’d come back to myself and seen you dead.”  His mouth set, and he turned on Tony with a glare.  “You broke your pinky promise.”
“Well, this is great,” Tony sighed, looking around.  Hmm.  Maybe this wasn’t entirely a crapshoot.  There were a few conveniently-placed vines hanging from the trees on either side of the ravine, which made him wonder if whatever ancient civilization that had once occupied this place had grown them here for the express purpose of swinging across.  Tony had swung across using his fair share of vines, so it wouldn’t be new, just terrifying—then again, that was part of the thrill.  Rogers, though…
.  And though he knew intellectually that this would happen, that Steve would somehow go from the scrawny kid he'd known to the living legend playing out before him… well, it was one thing to think it and wholly another to actually see him in action.
One car ride later, Tony finds himself standing in front of Sarah Rogers’ grave.
"Until they did," Steve said.  He remembered Tony mentioning at the beginning that this was all Hydra, and it didn't seem unreasonable to believe that if they could make Baron Zemo, they could make the biters.  "…But I still don't understand how you have any part in all this."
Tony smirks.  “You should see the mansion.”  He finds a tuxedo, then turns around, offering it to Steve.  “Here, try this on.”
.  Thank God he was on Tony’s side.  “Alright.  Ready to go?”
A few keystrokes later, Tony was in his voicelogs folder, staring at three new entries that definitely hadn't been there before.  Was this it, he had to wonder? Was this going to tell him the truth of what had happened the day before?
It wasn't long before a biter stumbled onto the street, and with a practiced motion, Tony took the handle of the shovel and jabbed the tip into the biter's head, sending it sprawling onto the ground, motionless.  Before Steve could ask what next, Tony had yanked off the biter's shirt with the shovel, tossing the fabric aside—and then he made a vertical slice down the biter's body, from neck to navel.
, Steve wanted to say—there were a lot of things Steve blamed Stark for, but this wasn't one of them.  His voice, though, refused to cooperate, and he made a choking sound instead, still feeling faint.
involve switching places with someone from the goddamn Great Depression) had found it and used it.  He wondered if anything had changed on there.
Time passes, and eventually, the screams fade away.  The officer with the whistle seems to have given up.  The lifeboats are no closer than they were before.
"We used him," Tony repeated.  "And when we'd smeared his insides over us, we laid down, and we waited for the biters to pass."  He shuddered again.  "For half an hour, I was on the ground, staring right into Sal's dead eyes.  Like he knew what we'd done to him.  I'll never forget it."  He started rubbing his hands against the roof of the building, and Steve quickly took them into his own hands before he could do any damage.  Tony struggled, but Steve held tight, and in the end he gave up on trying to pull away, sighing.  After a moment, he continued speaking.  "When I was in the middle of that herd just now… I couldn't stop thinking about it.  And not even just about Sal.  I thought about plunging my hands into Rhodey.  Into Pepper.  And consciously, I know I didn't do any such thing.  But what I do know is that I
Rogers jerked his head upward, which Tony took to mean that he wanted to be aboveground again.  “Alright,” Tony said.  Before he could continue, though, Rogers’ eyes went wide, and he went over to the wall, clawing at it.
Carol frowns, taking hold of his arm again.  “Already?  You didn’t even get a chance to talk.”
There.  Steve emerges from one of the stairwells, looking around and breaking into a smile once he sees Tony, and it’s all Tony can do to not melt on the spot.  He has a really great smile.  Does he know that?  Probably he does.  How can he not?  “Steve,” he greets, reaching out to take his hand.  “You’re early.”
Colorful cereal, though.  His imagination had come up with
He flipped through more of the pages.  There were a
Eventually, they pull apart—Tony with great reluctance—and look at each other for a long moment.  Tony resists the urge to kiss him.  “Don’t tell anyone until I’m gone,” he says instead.
Steve relaxed, even though consciously he was aware that he was still disagreeing with Ty.  It was just nice to know that some things still stayed the same - his dream self loved his Ma as well.  "Anyway," he said, not wanting to make things too awkward. For now, he still needed Ty's help in getting around.  "What's next?"
“I won’t,” Steve says with a startled laugh.  He reaches out to gently take hold of Tony’s wrist, and as he does, Tony feels a strange surge of warmth spread through him.  “I didn’t know that, Tony.  I thought you wanted to be alone.”
No, Tony thought dimly, suddenly feeling very tired—or at least, more tired than he already felt.  Of course this wasn't the end of it.  "What," he said.
"She saved us?"
But it’s not like Tony never sees any of them again.  The world is threatened by galactic enemies on a frighteningly normal basis, and whenever that happens he suits up, flies over, and helps out as best as he can before heading back to L.A.
“How are you—”
“Isn’t it?” Tony replies, beaming.  “My father won’t know what hit him.  Well, he probably will, and he’ll probably be upset.  I guess I should hide or something.  Hey, maybe I’ll change my name.”
That rang bells
Tony blinked slowly, his gaze falling onto his wrist, seeing the thankfully unbroken skin.  "Yeah," he said.  "It… it just got my sleeve, that's all.  I was careless.  I'm sorry."
Bucky had also ultimately been turned into a mindless being who had nearly killed Steve, but Steve held his tongue about that.  Tony was right.  There was some happiness in his life after he'd fallen in the mountains, and Steve needed to hold onto that.
“Do you want me to look away?”
didn’t get that way because he had a poor memory.  “I sure did,” he replied at last.  “Problem?”
"And then what?" Steve replied.  "Let's say the worst happens.  Let's say I die—"
There was something big inside, and it was definitely ticking.
So he opened it.  It was immediately clear that its contents consisted of several folded letters, the top one bearing a date of October 1917, which meant it was older than Steve by a few years.
meant.  "I'm not dirty," he said at last.
He pouted but complied after a moment, grumbling.  “Killjoy.”
Tony shook his head, as though he could read the thoughts running through Steve's mind.  "It was worth it," he said fiercely.  "It was so, so worth it.  You make me think that we'll find a way out of this darkness.  Not even because you survived a bite.  But because you're Steve, and no matter what happens you'll always be Steve.  You've given me hope in a hopeless world."
Slowly, the shadows started to lengthen, and still Tony couldn’t find Steve.  There were signs he’d passed by, sure—a paw print here, a paw print there—but Steve himself remained elusive, and though Tony’s arm was throbbing, his heart was faring much worse.
“Putting it together helps me sleep,” Tony says.  No matter how much his father disapproves of him building anything that doesn’t have the potential to blow things up or kill people, he just can’t keep his hands still.  He likes to be able to take a design, revise it in his head so that it works on a miniature scale, and then assemble it.  It produces such little voltage that it’s practically worthless, but isn’t that what his life has amounted to, anyway?  He turns, smirking a little at her.  “And I’m sure you know that sleeping together before marriage is scandalous and improper, and we wouldn’t want that, would we?”
“Oh, my God,” he gasped.  “
Second, Sunset’s words were written by her own hand with a red pen.
Steve whimpers and whines and writhes as Tony continues to lick at him like he’s the best thing he’s ever tasted, toes curling.  Tony must have done this before.  He must have done this a
"Tell me some stories about Pa," he said instead, and Ma's answering smile - God, she looked so much like Steve - told him he'd made the right choice.
sent a jolt of excitement through his body, and before he could stop himself, he was sitting up, reaching out even as he blearily tried to blink the sleep out of his eyes.  "Give it to me."
Instinct slowly returned to him, and eventually Steve managed to remember the basics of assessing a situation.  Sitting up on his elbows, he scoped out his location as his eyes adjusted to the dark.  He wasn't tied down—that was good.  But he was in some sort of cabin with thick, black curtains hanging off of one wall, likely blocking out the windows—that seemed less good.  Another wall had a shelf with what looked like several cans of food, though most of them were already opened and likely empty.  There was a story here, Steve thought, but he didn't know what it was.
"Doesn't ring a bell."
Of course, it wasn't like he hadn't seen Tony's more… private parts before.  He went to the bathroom, obviously. He'd even showered, but he'd been so distracted and awed by the idea of heated water continuously falling onto him that he didn't have much chance to think about anything else.
As Tony had thought earlier, there were indeed pterodactyls, but they were swooping over the plains below, utterly uninterested in whatever was happening on the mountain.  Come to think of it, Tony was pretty sure he hadn’t seen a single living soul up here, save for Steve and himself—if he turned around, he could make out some dinosaurs in the distance, and he knew for a fact that there were other sabretooths hanging around
“Oh, my God,” Tony breathes, and right now he’s feeling the exact opposite of calm, running to his lab so he can suit up.  “Where is he now?  How’d he get shot?  Did you get whoever did it?”
"Unless someone else happens to be searching for the next fragment too," Cap said.
Natasha shook her head.  "No, I'm sorry," she said.  "My James has a metal arm."
After some time, the biters seemed to thin out, and Steve realized with relief that the end of the bridge was in sight.  But as soon as the thought came to him, Tony vanished from view, and Steve realized in horror that he'd fallen to the ground.  He looked as though he were on the verge of screaming.  Still mindful of the biters close by, Steve held back his exclamation and cautiously stepped toward Tony, kneeling down onto the stone.  "Tony," he whispered.  "Are you okay?"
But his lack of reaction then kind of reminded him of Steve's lack of reaction now.  And if, God forbid, Mom died, Tony knew he wouldn't be able to cry whether Dad was there or not, because Stark men didn't cry; they were made of iron.  And he also knew that not using that outlet would probably screw him up in the long run, but, well, here he was.
Steve doesn’t move.
of it.  "…And what about you?" he pressed.  "Maybe you need some rest, too."  She looked pretty worn out.
God, he missed her.  Remembering what had happened made him tempted to just crawl into bed and stare at the wall, much like what he'd been doing earlier.  What else mattered? He didn't have his own life to distract him at the moment, and here in Tony's life he just had an angry father screaming at him.
.  How many people lived on the East Coast in 1945?  God, didn't New York City alone have at least a few million, even in the 40s?  Were all their lives really going to be in danger if Tony didn't do something about it?
"What?"
“Oh, my God,” he breathes.
There were still several rows ahead of him, enough that he couldn't jump over them.  And the old routine of dusting the tiles and translating them hit a snag at the translation part—he was now surrounded by tiles that he could see but not read, and Pepper had been unable to find any matching characters in the documents she'd brought.  In short, he had no idea which tile was safe.
“Thanks,” Steve says quietly.
Cap opened his mouth to speak, and, anticipating what was coming, Tony immediately added, "And
“Being Captain Marvel has its perks,” comes the answer.
It’s been ten years, he thinks.  Ten years since he sat this close to Steve, neither of them wearing a mask or having to worry about an oncoming battle.
, Tony desperately wants to say, but he holds his tongue.  No matter how unreal Steve is, Tony still finds it impossible to believe that the other man would want to hear his life story.  “It’s nothing,” he replies at last.  “Really.  You should stop worrying.”
Steve looked at him sharply, his brows furrowing.  "Yes," he said.  "Why would you think that?"
Steve can think of a lot of reasons, aside from the obvious
“I can tell,” Steve replies with a grin, idly playing with a few strands of his hair.  Tony’s happy, and it’s because of him.  His heart swells a little at the thought.  Tony deserves to be happy—not just now, but all the time.  And Steve… Steve wants to believe that he can be the person to make him this way.  He wants to ask if maybe Tony feels the same, but he’s afraid of scaring him off.  He has to be careful.  He has to make sure Tony wants this, too.  “We can’t stay here forever, though.”
A moment passed, and then Steve shook his head slowly, causing Tony’s heart to drop.  He wanted to ask what was wrong, but it was actually pretty clear what was wrong.  It was almost sunset.  If something bad was going to happen to Steve, it was going to happen soon.
"Tony," Cap said in warning.
“Yeah.  Come here.”  While Tony is still moving in him, Steve loosely wraps his arms around the other man’s shoulders, pulling him close and kissing his nose, then his lips.  Tony groans and shifts the angle, eliciting a gasp from Steve.  “God,” he manages against his mouth.  “T-that’s perfect, don’t stop.”
Nothing happened.
He becomes Iron Man.
Tony turns to look at him, his eyes widening as the full reality of what’s going to happen tonight hits him.  The ship is going to sink.  People are going to die.  And somewhere down below, Steve is handcuffed, possibly all alone, and he can imagine him now, head bowed as he thinks about how much Tony must hate him…
was on the tip of his tongue, and yet Tony couldn't bring himself to stop him.  Surely Steve would object, but the thing was - Tony wanted to see what was in there, too.  He knew what he
“Tony,” Steve says, voice managing to be hard even in the freezing cold.  “Either you get on, or I’ll get off again.  Your choice.”  And he holds out his hands.
down there.   But up here?  Nothing.  Honestly, he wasn’t sure if this was worrisome or not—less predators, good, but no living creatures at all, bad.
They were, to be honest, all descriptions Tony didn’t give a shit about.  War hero?  Please.  Maybe it’d be impressive if Tony weren’t a war hero too, but he
of him, for God's sakes.  Adaptations had been made of his heroics during the war.  He headlined a comic book.
“Okay, then,” Tony said after a moment of silence.  “Chop chop.  We have a mountain to climb.  Let’s go.”  He was about to start walking again, but Rogers made a whining sound, going over to his pack and shield.  Oh.  Right.  They probably shouldn’t just leave this here.  He went over to pick everything up, though he left the tattered remains of Rogers’ clothing behind.  Once they got Rogers turned back—because they
The days passed by slowly, each day as similar as the last, and Steve found himself grateful for the consistency and the chance to relax a little.  They'd rode their bikes, foraged for supplies when they needed them, and brought out their weapons when they had to.
He could hear it already, even if Cap hadn't said it yet.  "But…" he prompted when Cap didn't continue himself.
“Hey,” Steve says softly.  “Don’t beat yourself up over it.  The important thing is that you’re okay.  And you’re gonna get better.  I know you have some fight in you left.”
, apparently, and now that he was thinking about it more he realized he'd actually lost an entire day of his life.  A day that had, evidently, been lived by someone else instead. And as he kept going, more things fell into place, things that explained the strange happenings of today.
And then Tony found what he was looking for.  Before him stood the biggest igloo-thing he’d seen down here yet, the entire wall covered with more drawings.  “Look at this,” he breathed, circling it slowly as he shone his light against its surface, Rogers right behind him.  The drawings had fewer sabretooths, but more glowing circles that Tony suspected weren’t supposed to represent the sun.  In one sketch, the stick figures hovered over one of their fallen, the glowing circle held above its body.  In the next, the fallen stick figure was standing again, apparently well.  Another set of drawings showed the glowing circle being used to carve something that looked suspiciously like one of the many igloo-things Tony had seen down here, and still another showed the stick figures prostrating themselves before a mountain, the glowing thing at the top accompanied by what looked like a giant hand.  Okay, so he didn’t really understand that last one, but the others he got readily enough.  Whatever this glowing thing was, it seemed to be pretty damn powerful, acting according to the will of its holder.
Tony blinks at him, his heart skipping a beat or two or three.  “What?” he manages at last.  He can’t have heard right.  This is what he’s been wanting to hear for ten years, but he’s always, always known that he never will be able to, because—because he doesn’t deserve it.  He did a terrible thing, and it’s only right for it to go unforgiven for the rest of his life.
"I didn't want to see that happen.  Not again."  A sniffle.  "I had to stop it."
Tony blinked.  Then he frowned.  “No,” he admitted.
As if on cue, the airship appeared behind them at long last, looking almost like a mirage.  It sunk low enough for them to board, the doors opening up with Jarvis standing in the entryway.  "There you bloody are," he shouted down at them.  "Why'd the other plane go off?  Where's the Captain?"
"As if you need reminding," she chided.  "You just came home all grumpy and mumbling how it was never going to work out anyway."
Jessica might have shrugged, though from the angle it was hard to tell.  "I got stuck in a different room, so I went up into the ceiling and went around looking for you guys," she said.
They packed their bags in silence and turned to leave.  Before they stepped through the door, Steve put a hand against Jessica's shoulder.  "Did… did you want to bury her?" he asked.  "I could carry her out of here…"
Tony found some measure of peace.  A part of his soul was missing - missing because of
"Yeah," Tony said, but Cap was still staring as though he hadn't even heard him.
know if—if someone else has."
There was a flurry of protests around the room, but Bucky - Barnes? - just nodded and headed through the door, so Tony followed suit.  "Meet you outside in ten minutes," Bucky said before dashing off, presumably to wherever he was staying. Still a little dazed at how fast everything was moving, Tony just watched him go before remembering himself and going back to the room he'd woken up in this morning.
"He killed them!" she cried, struggling against his grip.
The years pass.  Stark Industries rebuilds and thrives in Los Angeles.  The Avengers, Tony hears, similarly thrive in New York.
But this was different.  This was Tony alone in his room, and no one was going to unexpectedly intrude.
Steve’s jaw falls open.
out to lunch.”
"Hmm," Ma replied, clearly unconvinced.  "I suppose I was hoping it'd be different today, especially when you came home yesterday without having gotten into a fight…"
it seemed like it took a lot more to get him winded - and he was able to navigate cones and hurdles without too much issue.
Which meant, Tony supposed, that he actually had all the tools he needed to make sure it never happened again.  After all, didn't Tesla mostly operate on naps? Tony thought that with a few lifestyle tweaks, he could get there as well, and then he would be free of this bizarreness.
Tony rolled his eyes, reaching into his pack to pull out a fresh shirt and stuffing the remains of the torn one from yesterday into it.  “No one’s going to die.  You don’t even know what the percentage means—”
Tony’s suit’s been compromised.  He can’t fight back, and as he takes each blow, he wonders if Steve is thinking about everything they’ve shared.  Who, he wonders, would have ever thought things would end this way?
Huh.  “So what do you want?  Captain America?  Cap?  Steve?”  Rogers nodded enthusiastically at that last one, and Tony laughed.  Apparently, almost dying while in his presence put them on a first-name basis with each other now.  “Okay,” Tony said.  “Steve.  What now?”
Tony wasn’t anticipating that, though.  Sure, maybe he’d never fought a sabretooth before, but he was certain he’d be able to manage—he’d brought his gauntlets along, and he’d never met an animal that couldn’t be quelled with a repulsor blast in the face.  Of course, if he used the gauntlets too much or too hard, then he’d have to hook them up to his heart battery to recharge them, and there’d be no way he could last the whole week… but that was a problem he’d deal with once he got there.
“Hold on,” he gasped, reaching out to steady himself against the wall.  “I need… ow… I need a moment.”  His heart seemed to be… throbbing, somehow.  But how was this possible?  The charge was low, sure, but his heart wasn’t supposed to give out until it actually reached zero.  Oh, this could be bad.
And now there was this latest issue of Steve having chosen his next year's electives for him.  So
The words aren’t some sort of sweeping romantic sentiment.  They’re warnings, omens, harbingers.  They claimed his mother, and now they’ve claimed Steve as well.
"Hi," Pepper replied.  She was trying to smile, but it was pretty clear she'd been crying.  It was touching, if a bit odd, if only because he was pretty sure he'd gotten himself into some very tight situations before and he didn't think she'd cried then.  Still.  "How are you feeling?"
“Tony, wait,” Rogers protested, following after him, but Tony paid him no heed.  He turned this way and that, going forward when the readings got stronger, turning away when they got weaker.
Rogers frowned, looking around.  “I don’t understand,” he said.
Every now and then, he checked his power detector to see if maybe, just maybe, it was picking up on anything.  But since they’d dropped down into the hole, it’d been behaving strangely—whether it was because they were underground now or because of something else, Tony didn’t know.  Hopefully it was because of something else.  Something magical.  But time would tell.
But he was needed.  And he was in a position to help others.  Those things were important, and knowing that—well, maybe he was a little glad.
Steve pouts, not entirely happy with this development, but he spreads his legs so that Tony can settle between them.  “You look cute like that,” Tony continues, smirking as he lowers a finger, circling his entrance—Steve gasps quietly and bites his lip, and the curve of Tony’s mouth deepens.  “This is a better look, though.  Can I continue?  You’ve done this before, right?”
Steve Rogers was real, a stick of a kid Tony's age, growing up in 1940.  He lived with his mom, went to school on weekdays, and sometimes worked as a janitor on the weekends earning a few cents an hour.  His family was as poor as all get-out and actually ate mayo sandwiches, which tasted as sad as they sounded. There was a bully who occasionally beat him up (and who had apparently gotten over the threat Tony had issued that first time he'd encountered him).  He also was something of a teetotaler, apparently, because at some point Steve had found his booze stash and emptied everything out - thank God it was just the cheap stuff, but it had still been annoying as hell, especially because now he wasn't sure if he would be able to get more without Steve just throwing it out again.  But despite all that, he seemed happy enough, if tired, and he read and drew and followed baseball on the radio.
Steve gazes at him, his eyes big and blue and honest.  “We should date,” he says at last.
"So did I," Steve replied.  He stared at it, remembering—
They took off again, with renewed urgency this time as they sought to locate the source, and finally they skidded to a halt when they arrived before a large group of biters all crowding around a car.  The screaming was coming from a lone woman inside, who was holding a bulging bag against herself.
"As always, it's very kind of you to watch out for me," Jarvis replied.  "But I've eaten already."
Tony smiles then, turning his head to meet his eyes.  His beautiful, piercing blue eyes.  “This is enough,” he says quietly.  “More than enough.”
Tony exhaled sharply.  "It looks like a weapon," he said after a moment.  "But it's not."
Soon enough, though, Steve's actual words registered in his brain, and Tony could feel fear welling up within him.  Someone had let him join. He was going to go to war - and not just any war, but the deadliest war in human history.
"Come on, we'll be late for practice if you don't get up soon," continued the voice.  "I have coffee."
Most of it ends up just being sex.  Some relationships last for a couple of days until Tony catches a glimpse of their wrists and realizes that he’s not the one for them, and by the time he reaches his last year in MIT, he wonders if he’s going about this the right way.
"Doesn't mean they're not true."  Tony looked his way, only to find that he was looking back at him now.  They were still holding hands.  Then Steve got up off the floor, moving closer to Tony and maneuvering him into an embrace.  Tony was more than happy to go along with it, even if Steve was talking nonsense.
"Oh, God," Jessica breathed.
.  I guess I did fall off last night after all.”  He turns around to lean back against the rail, gazing at him again.  “Are you serious about wanting to listen to me?”
