Michelle's eyes widened for a split second. She turned her gaze to Dean. "What exactly did she say to you, Dean?" she asked softly, clearly seeing he was ready to bolt out of the room at any moment.
Dean pulled back and smiled brightly. "This mean we're real boyfriends now?" he whispered, bringing one of Cas' hands to his lips and kissing it lightly.
“Cas’ sister,” Dean muttered to his brother. He watched as the witch reluctantly rose and hugged his sister briefly.
Castiel carefully took the plate and held it up to his nose, sniffing it lightly. He poked at the bread with a finger before pulling out the tomato, holding it between his pointer and thumb talons. He scrunched his nose and held it up to Dean, a silent plea to get rid of it.
Castiel’s heart hammers in his chest as he watches it slowly churn to a stop- right in front of him.
"I'm still linked to the coven, whether they know it or not. This is the last place we were all together, think of this land as an imprint. The magic is still here, deep in the soil. Now that I am human again, I can infiltrate their thoughts by using the residual magic here. It's simple, really."
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath through his nose. "Ellen," he whispered darkly. With a huff, Ellen slid off her stool and curved a finger at Dean. He followed her to the back of the store and through a door marked "OFFICE. STAY THE HELL OUT." where Bobby was sitting. He turned in his chair and raised an eyebrow when he took in Dean's state.
Castiel stood up straight and squared his shoulders, lip fake trembling as he bend his thumb down. He jerked his head to the side and slumped on the counter. "Of course, mother. I'll see you then," he mumbled into the glass.
“You know you’re going to have to stay in this form until it heals,” Sam scolded. “Hey, don’t you roll your eyes at me, man. I’m not the one who can’t tell if a damn window is open or not!”
"Cas," Dean squeezed the mans hands tight, lowering his head to catch Castiel's eye line. "It'll be fine. I'll keep quiet, scouts honor." He held two fingers in the air and grinned.
Also, if you haven't seen the movie Enemy Mine (and yes I'm aware just how much I'm aging myself here), watch this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qy2wbgzUaD0 around 7:25, that's what I'm basing Cas' voice on.
he thought. He straightened his posture and stepped towards Dean, watching as he swallowed hard. "Can you give it to me, Dean?" he asked in a low gravely voice. He reached out and let his fingers drift across Dean's hip and applied the slightest pressure. "I need it," he whispered.
"I'll get it," Castiel whispered into Deans ear. He released his fingers from Dean's hip and reached behind him to grab his bag. After dropping the bag on the sinks counter he watched Dean's face fall. "I---practice, remember?"
The store was shrouded in darkness. Dean peered outside to the pizza parlor next door. Their electricity was out, too. He groaned as he leaned over the counter. He was going to have to go down into the basement that he absolutely hated and try flipping the breaker. Before he could peel himself off the counter, the bell over the door chimed.
Rowena lifted her chin and gently moved her bangs across her forehead. "Well," she scoffed, "I'm sure I have. I'm just wonderin' why it's been kept such a secret, is all."
“Yeah, well, I told you more in one day than I’ve told most people my whole life. Fair’s fair. Come on, witch, spill it.” Dean took his shirt off the hook and draped it over his shoulders, leaving it unbuttoned. He sat on the pillows scattered on the floor and looked at the witch expectantly.
"Adam has shown a lot of promise in the past year. He doesn't require too much assistance these days. Besides," Castiel ran his nose over the soft skin under Dean's ear and smiled, "I missed you."
"I did too," Castiel confessed. They lay there quietly as the birds chirped outside and footsteps pattered down the hallways.
Dean dropped his hands on his lap and gaped at the person in front of him. His mouth opened and shut multiple times before he spoke.
“I know you’re going through a hard time, but you can’t take it out on me. Besides your brother, I am the ONLY one here for you. I won’t be your punching bag any longer. If I stay, you need to talk to me. No more lies. No more grudges. No more blaming me. No more hiding. Do you understand, Dean?”
Castiel shook his head and looked down at the dirt floor. “Another time,” he whispered, offering the familiar a soft smile. He leaned back against the couch and sighed heavily.
Orange flames rose from the ground around them and shot into the sky. It swirled around them with the whipping wind and lit up the night. It felt like being in the middle of a tornado as their mouths worked against the others. Their bonding marks reached out to each other as their magic intertwined, pulling them closer together. Castiel vaguely registers the silence before a massive ear splitting crack poured out of the sky. Brilliant lights shot down and surrounded Amara before she could get closer to them. A single bolt of lightning pierced through the darkness and into her body. She fell limply to the ground as her body smoked.
Dean's heart swelled. He hugged Ellen again, his eyes stinging with tears. He sniffed hard and cleared his throat. "Alright," he sighed, pulling away, "let's get this place closed up."
"Don't be nervous," Castiel soothed while running his fingers through Dean's mussed hair, "you don't have to speak to anyone if you don't want to. I'll be with you the whole time." He leaned in close to Deans ear as they walked up the stairs into the house. "Just remember what comes after we're through here."
"Dean," Sam said quietly, "this is a good thing. Incredible, even. Haven't you ever wondered why none of the other witches seemed to fit? How you found something wrong with every single one of them? Your familiar was waiting for Castiel."
“I knew he’d react like this. I’m sorry for all the trouble.” He turned to Gabriel with a sheepishly. “I’m really sorry I tried to kill you.”
Dean scoffed as he ran his thumb over the back of Castiel's hand. "Yeah, what's that? True love's kiss?"
Without thinking, Castiel reached down and ran his hand down the side of Dean's head and cupped his chin. "I see. Learn anything interesting?" he asked with a raised eyebrow.
“I don’t know!” Chuck cried out. “She rarely left the castle walls and wasn’t exactly a sentimental child. She never played or had friends or—”
"You just what, Cas?" Dean asked, moving closer to his friend. His lips parted and he cocked his head to the side.
He walked across the room, right up into Castiel's space and kissed him. Soft and careful, like if Dean moved too fast Cas'll spontaneously grow scales and a tail back, forcing him to wriggle his way back into the tub. Quite the opposite, in fact. Castiel brought his hands up and rested them on the side of Dean's neck, tilting him to gain better access. Dean lets his hands travel down Cas' body, landing on the side of his hips and thighs. He dug his fingers into the denim just to
Dean licked his lips and watched as Castiel's eyebrow raised, a smile pulling at the corner of his mouth.
Gabriel gripped his brothers shoulder and spun him around. “How on earth could you possibly know that?” he gasped.
Castiel wrapped an arm around Dean's waist and smiled. "He did warn me minutes after meeting Lucifer that he would punch him."
Walking into his own apartment felt....strange. It had been a while since he'd been home, thankfully he didn't have pets or plants that needed attention. He walked into his bedroom and began stripping out of his suit. He took the gun that was strapped to his back and tossed it on the bed before rifling through his dresser. Dressing quickly in a t-shirt and jeans, he dug in his closet and pulled out a green duffle bag and began stuffing it with clothes and a few precious photos of his family. He ran his finger across the faded picture of his mom, the only one he had now, and smiled. He wondered briefly if she knew about John before shaking his head.
"Yeah," Dean smiled, "family. He ain't gonna hurt you. Just like me, Bobby and Ellen. Now, he definitely doesn't understand jack shit about what's goin' on with us--
Gabriel smirked, unzipping the mans jeans. “I sure as hell hope not.” He shoved Sams jeans and boxers down around his thighs. He raked his fingernails upwards, sliding around to grab Sam by his ass and pull him in closer.
"Ro," Castiel scolded. Dean glared at her from across the table but softened when Castiel brushed his leg against his under the table.
Dean turns to face Castiel with red cheeks and a wide grin. “You know it, Cas.” He raises his hands in the air and gyrates his hips towards his friend while biting his lip. “C’mon, you know you love it,” he teases, leaning into Cas’ personal space. He licks his lips before pulling Castiel in by his hip and makes obscene grunting noises.
Dean slowed down a fraction before running into the angel, wrapping his arms around his solid frame.
The kitchen was large with an island in the middle. The blue cabinets matched Castiel's eyes as did the curtains on the bay window.
He hears Ruby sigh as she rests a hand on his shoulder. “I’d be better if Sam had his lips wrapped around me instead of that beer bottle.”
Sam squatted down, sticking his fingers through the metal bars. “Don’t worry, sweetheart, he’ll come around.”
Dean laughed at the mocking tone the witch used as he sliced a thin piece of cheese off and popped it into his mouth. “Yeah, well, that’ll change now I guess.” He frowned around his talon as he licked it clean. He looked up and sighed, eyeing the three now sleeping heads. “What’s the deal with those?” he asked, gesturing with his chin.
“I know,” Sam grumbled, finally blinking and turning his head away from the hut. He sat in between the roots of a large tree and laid his head against the trunk. “Do you really think Dean is Castiel’s familiar?”
Castiel’s hand flies up and smacks Dean over his mouth. “Don’t. You. Dare.” he warns with a glare. He feels Dean smile under his hand before a thick wet tongue slides across his palm. “Oh God, Dean, EW!” He recoils his hand and wipes it on Dean’s shirt. “You’re such a child.”
"Oh, god, Dean," Castiel moaned as Dean took him deeper in his mouth. He sucked him gently at first, letting Castiel get used to the feeling before he hollowed his cheeks and let his fingers drift down his thighs. "I'm not--I can't last--" Castiel's thighs flexed around Dean. Dean's hand drifted down to cup Cas' balls and thumb over his hole lightly. "Fuck," Castiel hissed, "oh god, oh f-fuck!" he shouted as he came, watching as Dean swallowed around him. He panted hard as he fell back on to his pillow. Dean continued licking and sucking until Castiel pulled at his shoulders.
Dean pulled away from his witch carefully, keeping hold of his face. He looked over the witch’s shoulder and watched as the limp body turned to ash and was washed away by the rain.
Castiel flopped onto the bed as he heard the shower turn on. He dug in his pocket and pulled out his phone. As expected, there were multiple missed calls and texts from Charlie. He groaned when it began vibrating in his hand.
Castiel rolled his eyes but walked to the center of the room. He held his hands in the air and closed his eyes. A mist formed in the air and gently swooped down and enveloped the familiar.
Castiel visibly shook as he summoned the courage to speak. "You're--," he cleared his throat and pulled his eyebrows together, "I'm sorry," he whispered, "I'll try better. Thank you for letting me out."
"Rowena, Crowley. Get him to the dungeon. Tie him down with everything you've got. Carve sigils into his skin if you have to. Anything. Just--"
for you to play with! I don’t need a witch, and I certainly don’t need you.” He batted the moss out of the way and stomped into the night.
“Oh Dean, thank the Gods you’re alright.” Castiel rested his palm on the familiars forehead and frowned. “How are you feeling?”
Ellen glanced over at Bobby who folded up his newspaper and set it down. "You wanna know about Mary and John?" Ellen guessed.
Bobby grunted as he sat down beside Dean, wiping his hands on his stained jeans. "Your mother ever tell you how we met?"
Sam came jogging into the room with his phone in his hand. “Check it out—that banner is crooked—I found a YouTube channel that’s doing a live countdown!” He propped the phone up on the table and swiped a bottle of champagne out of Deans’ hand. “Excited, Cas?” Sam asked, elbowing him in the arm.
Dean kicked off his boots and leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. "Yeah, sorry 'bout that." He ran a hand through his hair, making water flick into the air, "there's some kind of convention in town. This was all they had," he waved a hand towards the bed. "'sides, not like we've never shared a bed before." Dean crossed the room, bending down to grab his bag that was still next to Cas. "You mind if I shower first?" he asked as he stood up, coming face to face with Castiel.
As far as texts go, it was fairly normal. But as soon as he hit send, Dean’s heart was thrumming in his chest.
"Hey, Dean-machine," Gabriel rounded the bar giving his employer finger guns. "How goes it? Or should I say, how's Cassie?" He winked at Dean and pulled a lollipop out of his pocket. He ripped the wrapper off and tossed it towards the garbage can, totally missing.
Dean sat up and cleared his throat. Castiel quickly grabbed a cup off the table and offered it to him. “I’m not hurt. Just feel—I dunno, weird.”
Sam. He blames Sam. He's the dumbass that showed him this listing and knew damn well Dean wouldn't be able to pass it up. What with the garage he's yet to step foot in, a pool he's only used once because there's a creature in it, and a wide open kitchen he'd love to make four course meals in but is only used for sandwiches and a shit ton of beer.
A flurry of purple wisps shrouded her shoulders and swirled around her head. A long, pained sigh ripped from her lips before she closed her eyes and fell backwards onto the grass.
Castiel cried out and immediately stopped the flames from his hand. He gripped Dean tight and swung his hand around, gripping Charlie by the back of her neck.
“Yeah, of course we’re friends,” he waved a hand in the air. “I love her like a sister. But the day Sam met her I knew. I
An evil grin spread across Deans face as he sat up in his bed. His eyes flicked black as he roughly pulled the angel in by his tie.
“Nope, la-la-la-la-,” Sam plugged his ears and stood, knocking his chair over. “I don’t wanna hear about this!”
Dean sighed and pulled Castiel closer, nuzzling into his chest. "Fuck," Dean moaned. "Remember when you--"
“I was with Sa—-where’s my brother? What did you do to him?” he demanded, taking a large step towards the witch.
Dean snarled and took a step forward. "Michelle had nothin' to---" The words caught in his throat as Alistair stepped forward and pressed the barrel against his forehead.
"Heya baby. Didn't expect to see you tonight." Ellen wrapped her arms around Deans neck and squeezed. "You stayin' for dinner?"
The steps creek under Cas’ foot as he descends into Deans basement. He can see the floor is already shrouded in a fog of cigarette smoke and empty bottles thrown carelessly by his classmates. Music is pumping through the old speakers he lent his friend years ago but never asked to be returned. He spent most of his time down here anyway, playing Nintendo and board games with Dean or just hanging out and never having to say a word. This was his happy place, and it didn’t hurt that the view from the sunken in cushion on his part of the couch was incredible.
"Heavy mother fucker," Dean grinned as he walked over to his brother who was sitting in a wrought iron chair in the corner. Sam's head whipped around when he heard the crow caw from it's perch in the corner of the room. Dean shook his head and shrugged his shoulders. They watched silently as Castiel swam smoothly underneath the water, darting back and forth and flicking his tail. "Isn't he awesome?" Dean sighed as Castiel shot out of the water and flipped mid air. "He's like a fucking dolphin, only way hotter." He chuckled to himself when he caught Castiel smiling back at him.
Sam smiled wide and popped the cork on his bottle. “Happy New Year, guys!” The laughed as the foam poured over his hands onto the floor.
Sam turned to the cat curled up next to the fireplace and smiled. She pried one sleepy eye open just enough to scowl before yawning. She stood and arched her back, digging her claws into the floor boards.
The redheaded woman planted her hands on her hips and scowled. “That’s all I get? ‘Good to see you’? Come, give me a hug.” She held her arms out and waited.
Castiel rested his arm over his tired eyes. “It’s terrifying if I’m being completely honest. I’m worried.”
Dean bent down to unlace his boots while taking a look around. There was a small grey love seat in front of a table covered in papers and books. A large shelf took up the back wall of the room, covered in books and knick knacks. He whistled through his teeth as he stood up.
“Cassandra,” the angel murmured. Cas straightened his trench coat before looking Dean in the eyes. “Dean, let me explain,” he held his hands up in defense.
he thought to himself. He peeked back through the moss and watched as Castiel slowly moved through the hut, picking up stray pieces of string and packaging.
Also, a special thank you to a certain commenter that always keeps me going- you know who you are and you're amazing <3
Dean slapped the knife down on the table before digging his fingers into Castiel's back. His forehead pressed against the other mans chest as he fucked into Cas' hand, biting and licking any skin he could reach. Castiel ran his thumb over the wet slit of Deans cock before pumping hard, pushing Dean over the edge. He came with a shout, nails drawing blood on Castiel's back as he rode out his orgasm.
"Not upset, Cas. I uh--," he rubbed the back of his neck nervously and sighed, "need to talk to you about somethin'. Somethin' kinda big. Life altering, actually."
The witch smiled. “My father is wonderful. He was and still is very understanding when it comes to my magic, or lack there of. He never pressured me into finding a familiar or made me practice casting for hours. He’s very calm and generous. He let’s all his children stay in the castle for as long as they need to. Gabriel still lives there, in fact.”
Dean answered by leaning the small distance and pressing his lips to Castiel's. His tongue slipped across the other mans bottom lip and with a roll of his jaw, deepened the kiss. Castiel moaned against him, keeping his hands gripped tight to Dean's jacket. They kissed until Dean pulled away for air.
"Sorry to be the one to tell ya son, but you're gonna need a crash course in all things supernatural. It ain't like in the movies. There's shit out there that goes bump in the night and you're gonna have to be prepared when it does."
"It's better than nothing," Castiel chided, unwrapping the bar and holding it out. Dean reached out, fingers trembling against Castiel's.
"Shit, you ok?" Dean reached out and rubbed Cas' shoulder blade gently. Carrying the guy into the house took away the initial shock of touching his skin and scales pretty quick, but Dean still shivered at each touch. "Bein' cramped in this tub must suck. Used to being able to stretch out in the pool, huh?"
to imagine. I'm the King of Hell and he's better at---he's monstrous. Castiel is chained to a wall 24/7, raped and beaten within an inch of his life daily. Sometimes twice." His works broke off with a shaky sigh. "I offered Dean a place in Hell to keep an eye on them. To make sure your brother didn't--"
is here now and she can take care of Cas' problems. He let himself plop down onto the mattress and have a three second pity party before he heard the door squeak open.
Just to be a little shit, Dean rounded the desk and sat in Castiel's plush leather chair. Castiel huffed and smiled, running a hand over his mouth. He stood next to Dean and flipped the folder open.
The woods were eerily silent. The birds had flown to safety and the cicadas had stopped chirping. The only sounds were the twigs snapping under foot and their hearts pounding.
Dean slowly started walking towards the pool house. There was no movement from inside as he peered into one of the cracked glass windows. The dead raccoon hadn't moved
He heard Castiel's voice coming from a room and pushed the door open. It looked almost exactly like Michelle's room last night, except Castiel had a giant fireplace behind his desk and a statue of a man's bust next to it.
"Huh. That's uh---that's kinda cool," Dean smiled. The creature shrugged and Dean couldn't help but notice how human a gesture it was. "Guessin' that's why you didn't want me draining the pool." Dean was met with snarled lip and a sharp hiss. "Ok, ok. I won't touch it, I swear," Dean promised with hands raised in surrender. The creature relaxed his mouth and sighed (actually fucking SIGHED) as he skimmed a hand over the water.
"Tie him up," Castiel ordered, gesturing to a metal chair in the middle of the room. Dean dumped the man in the seat and walked over to a table that had cable ties on it. He twisted the ties over the mans wrists and secured them tightly to the arm rests of the chair, tugging on them hard to make sure he couldn't get out.
Dean scuffed his foot into the dirt. “Yeah, no problem. I think—I’m gonna go stretch my wings if that’s alright.”
He leaned in close to Castiel’s ear and let his hand rest on the small of the witch’s back. “Hey,” he whispered, “it’s alright. We can stay. I don’t mind.”
Dean rolled his hips and moaned against the other man's mouth. "Do you want this too?" he whispered, licking Cas' lower lip softly before looking him in the eyes.
Dean tapped his chin and looked around the room. “There,” he pointed at a large candlestick on the mantel above a fireplace. “Turn that into a plant.”
“If I had known that getting lost in Purgatory was the answer to you finally saying that, I would’ve—-”
, Dean thought. There was clearly something dark blue under his white button up. A tank top maybe? No, didn’t cover like a tank.
"Alliges duplicia, prohibere daemonium," Rowena yelled. Purple wisps curled from her fingers and around Dean's neck, immobilizing him.
Sam smiled fondly and scratched Charlie behind her ears. “Come on, Charlie,” he said lifting her as he stood. “We’ve got a ritual to finish before midnight. See ya later Dean.”
"Dean, you're hyperventilating. I need you to breathe, can you do that for me?" His blue eyes softened as he took a deep breath, watching as Dean's shoulders rose along with his. "I'm going to remove my hand now. Try to not scream again." He moved his hand from Dean's mouth to the side of his neck. "Breathe, Dean."
“I’m so sorry, little brother. Can make you something for the pain?” He felt his brothers forehead with the back of his fingers. “Gods, Cassie you’re freezing.”
“I don’t—” he yelled out in pain. “Gabriel it hurts so bad. It feels like I’m being ripped in half,” he gasped.
Castiel kissed the mans ear with a chuckle. "If you must." He rounded the corner and poured them both a cup of coffee, sliding one across to Dean. "The Romans will need to be dealt with soon," Castiel sighed into his cup.
Dean's heart felt like it was going to drop through his stomach. He opened his mouth but was cut off.
The most important moment of Cas’ very, very long life. More important than when he watched the universe come to be. More important than when the darkness was sealed away and the light shone upon the Earth. More important than when God said he was making humans and all the angels must love them as they loved him. More important than when Cas was ordered to save Dean from the depths of hell. More important than getting the Leviathans back into Purgatory. More important than stopping the world from ending, from helping Jack, from bringing Mary back.
"Wait!" Alfie screamed. Dean froze, hand mid air. "Wait," he panted. Dean dropped his hand but still held pressure on the pick. Alfie looked to Castiel and sighed. "Someone approached me last month, didn't know who he was. He said he was looking for information on Michelle. I told him to fuck off at first but three other guys came outta nowhere and---," he closed his eyes and shook his head. "They said they'd buy the guns cheap and I could skim the rest in return for tabs on her."
They met in a warehouse a few miles from Dean’s base camp two days later. Having never met an angel in person, no one could blame him for being nervous. He entered the room with half of his platoon and was immediately shocked at their beauty, not that he let on. Their wings draped gently across the dirty floor but never seemed to pick up soot or dirt. Their armor was pristine and shining as if they hadn’t just been slaying thousands of their brothers and sisters. The leader stood in the middle of his garrison and greeted Dean with a hard glare.
“No! I can’t—I can’t do that to you,” the witch panted. His fingers began to flicker and lose their color as Amara pushed off the ground.
Dean looked to Castiel who was frowning at his beer. "Cas, help me with the bags?" He looked to Naomi who was standing in the corner looking like she was lost. "Which room should we unpack in, ma'am?"
Dean was already laughing and making Cas a bubble mohawk. Realizing this was a loosing battle, he sat on the toilet lid and watched the boys splash and play.
ratting on our Capo," Castiel clarified. He ran a hand down his face and sighed heavily. "You realize what this means, Alfie."
Dean turned his head over his shoulder and shrugged. "No big deal," he lied. He hadn't stopped thinking about it for forty eight hours
"No, baby it really doesn't. If you think this Castiel might be the one, then go for it," she squeezed his hand tightly, "gloves or no gloves."
No. Right now, Dean is standing in front of his brother with his jaw practically on the floor because there are legitimate fucking witches wandering the town he's chosen to live in, probably looking for the merman he kinda-sorta (definitely) has a thing for. For the millionth time Dean wonders what the fuck his life as turned into and how it got this way.
“Get out, Dean! Get out!” Castiel shouted, walking up to Dean and shoving him backwards. Dean stumbled out of the room, confusion etched across his face as the door slammed in his face.
Dean raised an eyebrow and cocked his head. "I'll show you incentive," he growled, fingers already undoing Cas' belt.
"You kissed me," Castiel whispered and Dean nodded. "You---you told me you loved me." Castiel sat up in bed and stared down at his familiar.
But it’s different now. Dean is different now. He is different now. Jack changed everything. Jack made Cas feel human. The pull of wanted to be a parent, to care for and raise a child. To have such an impact on the world just by imparting his wisdom into a loving, gentle child. He wanted that more than anything.
Dean spun around and leaned against the sink, looking anywhere but Castiel. He raised his hands in defeat. "Hey man, I get it. You're you again and the old flame is back in town. You guys go do whatever it is you gotta do." And yep, there goes the rest of his heart, crushed to dust. Just add it to the pile collecting under his feet.
Dean snapped his eyes forward, pointedly avoiding her chest. "Thought you were someone else is all," he muttered.
Raising his arm, he wiped his cheeks dry with the sleeve of his shirt and sniffed, trying to regain his composure. He opened his eyes slowly, the floor blurrily coming into view. He turned his head, checking behind him for any sign of the angel.
Dean blushed as he took the flowers. “Thanks,” he said quietly as he sniffed them. “You can call me---”
She stood and leaned down close to Dean. “Remember,” she whispered against Deans lips, “I love you.”
Dean cocked his head to the side. “Why wouldn’t I need my stuff? Hell, I’m wearing one of Cas’ shirts because you haven’t packed my shit up yet. What’s the hold up?”
A full length portrait of Michelle in a bright red dress standing in front of her desk took up almost the entire space between the floor and ceiling. He looked back and forth between her picture and the men's. Dean huffed as it dawned on him. They must have been all the other Capos before her. Which might make the very angry man in Castiel and Michelle's home the
"Apparently I'm irresistible," he sighed and Dean could almost hear the air quotes. Castiel pulled back the shower curtain and stepped out into the bathroom gripping the towel around his waist. It barely covered him, only pinching together at the bottom of his right hipbone, exposing Cas' upper thigh. Dean's eyes roved over his friends chest and down to his stomach and watched beads of water collecting at the line of the towel. Castiel raked his fingers through his hair as he walked closer to Dean, sending water droplets flying into the air.
Dean chuckled and poked a finger at Cas' tail playfully. "It'll be about thirty minutes, ok? You need anything before I go?" He watched Castiel open his eyes under the water. He seemed the think over the question, biting his lip before shaking his head slightly and closing his eyes again. "Ok, Cas. Be back in a while." He flicked the water directly over Castiel's face and stood with a grin before reluctantly leaving the bathroom.
Castiel turned around in the water and looked up at Dean through his lashes. Sharp teeth grazed against his lower lip as a wicked smile pulled at his lips. He raised a scaly eyebrow and slowly shook his head.
"Nice place you got here, Cas." He stuffed his gloved hands into his pockets as he followed Castiel into the living room.
"Jesus Christ, Sam, no!" Dean shoved his brothers shoulder as he leaned against the mural wall. "Besides, I think he's junkless. But I mean, come on,
Dean cried out and gasped at anything he could get his hands on. He balled the folders papers in his fists, pressing his forehead hard against the desk.
Ellen snorted and patted Bobby on his shoulder before walking away. "What d'you know about that house, boy?"
Castiel turned his head, baring his neck to Dean who wanted nothing more than to lick a stripe up it.
“Just enough to get me through the afternoon.” He looked in his brothers direction, seeing him look carefully through a wicker basket full of feathers. His arms were already piled full of burlap bags stuffed with books and spell ingredients. “Gonna be a long one.”
He dumped the remaining coffee down the drain and a little piece of his heart went with it. Of course Cas didn't need him anymore. He had
Castiels eyes widened. He looked at the man in front of him, watching the blush grow heavily on his cheeks and ears. He reached out and rested his palm against Deans cheek, sweeping his thumb over the thick hair on it and sighed.
"Fuck, just like that angel," Dean groaned. He placed his hand on the back of Castiels head, holding the slightest pressure.
The witch’s reached his hand out and gently laid it on Dean’s arm that was hugging his stomach tight. “You don’t have to go through life alone anymore, Dean.”
Cas raised his hands in defense and stood up. He stayed there for a moment before rapping his knuckles on the table gently. When Dean looked up, he watched as Cas signed “See you later, roomie” before walking towards the exit.
Charlie put her hand on her hip and scowled. “Really, Winchester?” She held out the pizza boxes. “Twenty seven fifteen. So,” she stood on her tiptoes and looked over Dean’s shoulder, “where’s your lover boy?”
"Size 12?" he asked the worker who looked completely bored and frozen. She tossed a pair on the counter as he pulled out his wallet.
Castiel lit up a cigarette and joined her, sitting in front of the desk. "You wanted to see me?" he asked, taking a drag.
Dean scratched his head and yawned. "I uh, I don't remember---how did---," he stammered while looking around the room. His suit from last night was hung on the back of the door with his shoes below, his wallet and phone placed on the end table nearest him.
Sams’ mouth fell open. He snapped it shut and smiled, reaching out his hand. “Hey, uh, I’ve heard a lot about you.”
"Also, to all the new faces here tonight, I'd like to talk to each of you before the night is over, so please find me when you have a moment. For now," she raised her glass high, "drink and have a wonderful time."
With her free hand, Lisa brushes her windswept hair out of her eyes and Dean catches the huge diamond on her ring finger glittering in the morning light.
So, that's where Dean finds himself now. Behind the bar slinging beers and vodka tonics to bachelorette parties and college kids.
"Oh. Uh, ok. Well," he cleared his throat, "it's good that you two can be, y'know, together again." Dean scooted his chair back and stood, grabbing his mug and headed for the kitchen.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Castiel says around the rim of his cup. He watches as Dean smacks Sam upside the head and plucks a cigarette out of his hand and puts it to his own lips. No one should look so good doing something so disgusting, but hey, it’s Dean. He can make anything look delicious. Smoke billows from his nose as he smiles over at Cas.
Dean lathered a cloth and spread it over the angels back, eliciting a soft groan. He hadn't felt a gentle touch in so long, he couldn't help but lean into it.
Dean picked at the scale absentmindedly, his eyes traveling up Castiel's arm and wondering what ones would come off next. Only a few patches of skin were shining in the light and casting a pale green light across the top of the water, the rest was smooth and tan.
"Oh come on, man. Not cool," Dean complained. He looked down at his drenched shirt and sighed before pulling it over his head and tossing it to the side. "You know that water reeks, right? I wish you'd let me drain it and put fresh in."
Dean can remember the first time his dad wrecked Baby. He was twelve, the roads were pure ice, and John was running on three hours of sleep and enough caffeine to kill an elk. He noticed the car was veering towards the middle of the road. He glanced over at John in the driver's seat and felt his heart stop when he saw that his dads eyes were closed. He screamed loud enough that Sammy shot up like a rocket in the back seat, all wide eyed and hair plastered to his face.
Dean raised his middle finger at Gabe as he pushed out of his seat. He drained the last of his drink and patted Castiel on the shoulder. "I'll let you two uh---yeah, y'know. Bye."
"Ugh, I hate that guy," she muttered around the donut. "Maybe they'll just focus on him and leave you alone this year?"
His feet carried him forward without his knowledge. His hands felt the angels coarse stubble prickling his fingertips. His heart thrumming in his chest. His throat burned with words threatening to slip out.
"Hey, uh, I'm gonna run home for a bit." He scratched the back of his neck and sighed. "I think you might need some time alone an---"
Before Dean can manage to make a full sentence, Castiel's body jerks into action. He turned to Dean, eyes glazed over and filled with fear. He turned on his heel and marched to the back door, ignoring the rocks and chunks of sod that have made their way into the house. He stomped over it all and slapped the old wooden door open so hard it cracked.
Dean rose slowly, the blanket pooling around his waist. "I did. And I do." The familiar reached over and held his witch's hand. "You're incredible, Cas. I'd be crazy not to."
Castiel nodded quickly. He swallowed and licked his lips. "Good," he muttered. "Very good." He reached a hand up and squeezed Deans ankle. "Thank you."
“My name is Amara. Tell Castiel I’ll see him soon.” With a flick of her wrist, blue smoke surrounded her body she she vanished.
There's fluttering over his head and he looks up to see a crow landing in a large nest in the corner of the room. A mixture of hay and bird shit stick to the side of the wall, making it look like a candle was left to burn til the wick ended
"No, Dean. You were never bait," Castiel assured him. He knelt down in front of Dean and splayed his hands over the mans thighs. "We are--," Cas sighed and looked to Michelle who shrugged, her expression non committal. He took a deep breath and tipped Deans chin up with one finger. "My business, the work I do, it's for Michelle. I'm her soldier and she's the Capo of Kansas."
Castiel looked at Dean like he was the only thing that mattered as he ran his thumb over his bottom lip. "I suppose one of us has to. Are you alright?" he asked as he ran his fingers through Dean's hair and rested his hand on the side of his neck.
"We all are," Eileen smiled softly. "But we're worried about you, too. You don't seem like yourself."
now, they have way more history and probably a lot of "catching up" to do. Maybe it was the stress of the morning or his empty stomach, but something was gnawing at Dean's insides. He gripped the edge of the sink as he heard bare feet pad across the kitchen floor.
He slams on the breaks once he gets close to Bobbys' porch, silently apologizing to Baby as he climbs out of the car. The storm is still raging and the wind whips ice cold rain into his eyes. His wet, heavy boots carry him up the steps before he starts banging on the door.
“There ya go,” Dean smiled as the witch let himself rest against his chest. His hands worked their way up the witch’s neck and slipped over his shoulders to his chest. Deans fingertips grazed his collar bones and sunk in to the muscle below it. He lowered his head and let his nose graze the base of Castiel’s neck, breathing in the scent of the soap. “Smells so good,” he whispered, his lips gently grazing the skin between the witch’s neck and shoulder.
Charlie scoffed. "Dean you can't even be away from Cas for more than ten minutes before you started having a seizure. You're
Watching Dean recoil hit Cas in the gut like a sucker punch. He softened his eyes and his tone. "Dean, please come with me. I'll explain everything. I swear."
"Give it another try," Dean said, twirling his pointer finger in the air. Castiel tried it three more times before the engine roared to life and smiled. He climbed out of the seat as Dean shut the hood.
Dick raised his hands in the air and cocked his head. "Michelle, you know as well as I do that an uprising is the last thing we need. I have left your family alone as you have mine. I never ordered my men to do anything of the sort."
Dean kept his grip tight on Castiel's, even though he could feel his friend trying to pull away. He reached out with his free hand. "Nice to meet you, man. Heard a lot about you." The way Dean said it made it sound like a threat more than a greeting. Lucifer shook Deans hand while staring at their linked hands.
“As you hold one another in mutual concern and shared respect, may you continue holding each other tightly in your hearts and form a strong bond, now and forever.” Chuck laid his hands over the pair and smiled warmly.
"Mr. Novak is in the dining room. This way." She ushered him to the left, down a wide hallway with black and white tiled floors.
"No. No case. Uh, I just might be going somewhere. Alone. For a while." Sam turned and walked off to his room without another word.
Dean gasped and bit down on Cas' lip when he felt fingers brush something smooth. He looked between them through the rippling water and was moaned at the sight.
Gabriel squinted and poked Balder in the cheek. “I was on my way to the markets. I thought my little bro might want to get out of the house–well, hut–and get some fresh air.”
Dean exhaled smoke through his nose as he tapped the burning end against the crystal ashtray. Castiel fumbled with his tie, glancing at Deans reflection in the mirror.
Dean opens the door and holds his arm out as an invitation. He takes a sip of coffee before setting it down on his nightstand.
Castiel nodded. “Yes, I suppose it did take some time for us to be reunited. I assume he knows what I am?”
“It’s just breakfast, Cas. Nothin’ to get excited about.” He turned his head over his shoulder with a smile. “Hungry?”
"Is there a rule or something that once you join the mob you have to dress like this?" Dean wriggled in his blue pinstriped suit coat. "Do you have any
Castiel smiled sweetly and took a step towards Dean, close enough to touch him now. “Dean, I believe you’re my familiar.” He reached out and brushed Dean’s wrist with his fingertips.
in my bakery? It's bad enough you're getting oil or...whatever that is your smudging on my glass." Castiel sighed heavily while scowling at the stains. He grabbed a cloth and began scrubbing down the glass. Dean gave him a "I've known you forever and I know I can get away with anything" smirk. "Did you decide yet? I have other things I need to be doing."
Swiftly and quietly, Castiel undressed himself in front of Dean. He climbed on the bed and straddled Deans hips while undoing the demons pants.
Castiel lowered his head to Dean's shoulder with a groan. "You have no idea. N-never been affected like that before," he panted, his hips snapping against Dean's thighs now, "never--never until you." He came inside Dean with a shout, gripping Dean's hips so hard they were already bruising.
“What? No way! That’s not in the rules,” Ruby blurts out. “Siblings is the only rule. Pucker up Novak.”
“Gabriel and I were at the market, and like he said, Dean quite literally fell from the sky. I was buying herbs and I felt like something was pulling me up into the air. A force pulled me to my feet and jerked my head back and then—he just fell. I caught him and brought him back here to help with his nausea.”
"Like hell!" Dean stood up quickly, his chair scraping against the floor loudly and he briefly registered a splash coming from the bathroom. "Sammy isn't goin' out there alone."
Meg raised an eyebrow. “Yeah? And how many of those times involved panties and a butt plug? Oh, Clarence you’re a lifesaver.”
The angel bit down on the tender spot between Sams neck and shoulder and that was all it took. Sam shot up, hovering over the angel. His eyes dark, slick lips parted and panting.
Castiel glanced at the cat before looking to Sam. “Dean is—he’s not like other familiars. He’s–resistant. He hates the thought of being tethered to a witch. He’s tried with a few but he always found any excuse not to stay.”
A massive claw foot tub sat in the center of the room with end tables surrounding it. There were baskets of rolled towels and washcloths, others had glass bottles of soap and oils. The shower took up the entire back wall and had three different shower heads hanging from the ceiling.
Dean's eyes widened. "Yeah, yeah I think so. This is just fucking crazy, man. I don't understand but fuck I'm so happy." He leaned in and kissed Castiel again, fully wrapping his arms around the man and holding him close because he
Dean tilted his head. "It's ok. You can make it up to me," he whispered, lightly brushing his lips against his friends. Castiel reached up and ran his fingers through Dean's soaking wet hair and pulled him in close. He parted his lips and let his tongue slide across Dean's lower lip and gasped when he felt Dean starting to plump in his pants.
Sparks flew when Castiel entered that barn all those years ago, but this. This time they soared. Blue orbs scattered around the room lighting up the walls and ceiling. The first stars had nothing on what was resonating from the angel as Dean poured his heart and soul and blood and tears into the kiss.
“Gabriel invited us. Said it was a surprise so I couldn’t warn you.” Sam nudged Gabriel with his elbow and smiled.
Striding over, Sam quickly locked the door and pulled out his phone. The line rang a few times before he held his hand up and waved.
"Hey, hey-hey, Cas, it's ok," Sam patted the angels shoulder. "They're just getting him situated and--"
He showered quickly, cursing himself for not taking one last night. Drying off, he tossed his towel in the hamper and walked into his bedroom naked. Opening his closet, he stood there with his arms crossed and tried to decide what to wear.
Dean stared at his brother. If looks could kill, Sam would be six feet under and even God himself wouldn’t be able to bring him back.
Naomi removed the bag and set it on the table before gently pressing her fingers on either side of Dean's nose. "Castiel has been away for a very, very long time. People change, we evolve. These days people are gay. People are bi," she shrugged as he checked over Dean's wound. "It doesn't make them less of a person."
“I don’t pity you, Dean.” He walked forward until he was a few feet away from his familiar. “Of course I feel sorrow for your mother, I cannot fathom a witch being so selfish. I’m just sorry you had to go through it alone. You were so young, it couldn’t have been easy raising your brother.”
Kali sighed. "Turn me around you damn fool." Gabriel obeyed and held the phone out. "We were going to tell you all when I got back next week, but Gabey here can't keep a secret to save his life."
Dean frowned. “Cas, it didn’t sound like she wanted to talk.” He grabbed the witch by his arm and stopped him. “I’m worried,” he admitted.
Castiel watched Dean walk back to the porch and hummed to himself happily before sinking under the water.
Dean was on his feet before he knew it. He walked the short distance between them and stood over the witch.
“Quiet!” he hissed, clapping his hand over it’s mouth. “I’ll crush your stupid little face if you say one more word,” he warned.
He could hear yelling, but was unsure if any of the voices were Castiel. Gunfire and the sound of shotgun shells tinkling onto the cement, thudding outside and then the loud groan of a metal door being pulled open. Dean slowly opened his eyes, waiting for them to adjust to the light coming from outside as it cast shadows through the fog. A silhouette slowly made it's way towards in, like a ghost stalking towards him. It became clearer with each step it took until he could make out the outline of a man.
A long minute passed before Bobby shook his head and hooked a thumb over his shoulder. "Meet you outback. Ellen'll have the truck ready."
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “I mean, if you want to, I wouldn’t say no. I’ve been having trouble with a few things lately and—” he pulled a thick book out of his bag and opened it, “can you quiz me?”
The clanging sound of metal and screaming echoed throughout the battle field. Both army’s were losing men at an alarming rate, soon to be wiped out completely. The war in Heaven spilled down onto Earth and obliterated most of the northern hemisphere within a week, leaving little time for preparations to be made.
Castiel froze, hand stopping just below his belt. He narrowed his eyes and wrapped his hand around Dean’s prying finger. “Dean,” Castiel warned.
Dean's face flushed immediately. He glanced at Castiel who was smiling. "Shut up," he muttered as he shoved his brother out of the room.
He closed the door behind him without looking back. If he wasn’t wanted anymore, he wasn’t going to give Dean the satisfaction of a goodbye.
Cas glanced at the picture, then to a group of people standing next to it which happened to include Ruby. He shook his head and cleared his throat. "He hasn't been around for a long time. He was the best boss I've ever had though. He built all this," he gestured towards the people.
Dean snorted into his glass, taking a long drink. He licked his lips and shook his head. "Nah, I like it. Keeps me outta trouble."
~~~I had a little help with this one. My husband is sitting here watching me type away and asked what I was working on. I told him the prompt and he said “I have to perfect idea,” and this is it. I’m actually impressed because he *isn’t* a Destiel shipper (I think I’m changing his mind XD)~~~
Castiel approached Alfie, towering over him as he gripped the mans jaw tight and pulled his face up to meet his eye line. "You've disrespected the family, Alfie. You've disrespected yourself. Are we not good to you? Do we not take care of you?"
Dean stared at Castiel for a long time. Hours, it felt like. In reality it was probably more like five seconds. His eyes were wide but the telltale signs of exhaustion and, not that he’d ever admit it, redness from crying. His face covered with scruff from not caring to shave.
They chatted about their day and work as they ate. Dean caught Castiel glancing at his gloves a few times as they talked and decided to get that conversation out of the way. He wiped his hands on his pants after he was finished and cleared his throat.
"Yes, Gabriel and I are---acquaintances." Dean could almost make out a chuckle in the mans voice. Dean heard a soft
He wove his way through the halls and down a flight of stairs, scaring a maid carrying a basket of laundry. He could feel the bond pulling but wanted to push past it and go further. He flew down another set of stairs and recognized that he was near Chuck’s chambers. He rested on the large stone landing and hopped towards a spiral staircase, cocking his ear to the side.
“Dean? Hey, man, I’m gonna eat all the burgers myself if you don’t get your ass out here!” Sam yelled.
I hope you enjoy my "OH MY GOD I FUCKING GET IT!" moment in this one. She's been in the tags for a while and I didn't know how to include her but I knewww she had to be in it. So, surprise!!
“It’s not over,” Dean hissed. He spun Castiel around and lifted the blade to his neck, pressing it roughly against his throat. “It’s not over until you’re dead like the rest of em.”
In a swift movement, Castiel pulled the knife out from it’s hiding place and thrust it up in the sirens throat. It’s eyes widened as it tried to scream but failed. The blonde man shifted and turned into a grotesque, hairless monster before their eyes. Castiel pulled the knife out slowly, letting the body drop to the ground.
Dean face softened as he watched the witch’s forehead crease. “Um, well, the first thing my witches—not
Dean felt a pang of uncertainty thread itself through the bond and his heart ached for how uncomfortable Castiel seemed.
Dean turned his back on his brother and walked over to the fireplace, kicking at the soot on the bricks. "What do you think I should do then, Sam? Forget I ever saw him? Board up the pool house and pretend he's not in there?" He gripped the mantle hard, his knuckles turning white. "I can't fucking do that," he whispered.
Castiel licked his lips and rubbed Dean's shoulders, leaning down close to his ear. "I apologize. It's just fascinating taking you apart and putting you together again."
Blinking quickly, Castiel pulled his coat tighter around himself. "Yes, I'm fine," he lied. "Just cold."
He lifted his hand up to Sams’ mouth pulled at his lower lip. Sam raised an eyebrow and opened slightly. The angels fingers swept over his tongue before he wrapped his lips around them and sucked hard.
“Dean! Please! This is so much worse than dying!” Castiel gripped Dean’s arms and pushed him hard, sending him to the ground. He pounced on him, pinning his arms against the floor with his knees.
Lisa clapped her hands together and bounced in place. "Congratulations! I know you're going to turn this place around, Dean."
Castiel caught Dean’s shirt as he tossed it to him and held it close to his chest. He could hear bones cracking and sinew snapping in the dark. He knew the transformation was complete when Dean landed gently on his shoulder and nuzzled against his face.
A figure came into view as tears streaked down his bloodied face. He turned to face it and let out a strangled sob as Castiel knelt down next to him with his blade drawn.
little when I left, I never really got a chance to tell you why I did what I did. You probably wouldn't have understood back then anyway." She picked at something absentmindedly on the desk. "Your father and I--we weren't
He prays that Cas can hear him. Tells him he loves him and that he’s sorry. Tells him that each day, alone in the bunker is worse than all his time in hell. Pleads for Cas to come home.
Meg put her hand up. “Just—just stop. It’s getting pathetic. I’ve known about you since the 10th grade. Remember Rhonda Hurleys pool party?”
Castiel shifted his feet out from under himself and sat cross legged on the dirt. “Well, you were falling. I caught you and then,” he ran his hands nervously over his thighs, “I could just feel it. Your thoughts were racing and I could feel your anxiety. It stopped when you were closer to the ground. It completely stopped—”
Castiel turned and cocked an eyebrow as he let his fingers trace Dean's jawline. "And how are you feeling about that?"
I've been having a very hard time coming up with the next part of this story. If you didn't know, I don't have a rough draft or outline for stories I write, they just kind of come to me in dreams and it goes wherever the story leads.
The crowd erupted in cheers and applause. Men and women walked towards the pair and hung garlands from their necks. Dean turned to Castiel with wide eyes.
Castiel released Dean's cock and spun him around, pressing him face down on the table. He spread Dean's cheeks and slicked his hole with his own come, fingers roughly massaging around the muscle. He gave no warning before shoving the tip of his cock inside, making Dean gasp. He ran his hand down Dean's back, nails leaving red streaks behind. He grinned to himself as he watched his cock press fully inside before setting a quick pace.
He pushed those thoughts aside as he tried to straighten his collar. The new suit fit him comfortably like an extra set of skin, draping and hugging where it needed to. Castiel was right, Balthazar was amazing at his job. The dark navy blue fabric felt soft against his fingertips as he smoothed it down over his body, deciding to pop the top button and fan it out over his chest. He was raking his fingers through his hair in the mirror when he heard a knock at his door.
Redhead straightened his back and glanced over to Clark (maybe?) with wide eyes, then back to the angel.
Ellen nodded. "Yeah, they know. They just like to have a little fun along the way. Covens can't help but leave a trail of bloody bodies and bad magic along the way. That's why it should be easy to find them before they've had their fun and come lookin' for a grand finale." Dean shuddered and turned towards the bathroom door. "Dean, honey, I promise we won't let anything happen to Castiel."
Dean shrugged and looked around the room. "Yeah why not? Just gotta come up with our meet cute and all that, but yeah Cas, I'll do this for ya."
“Gross, Dean. No.” His eyebrows shot up. “Hey, how’d you even pay for that? I thought you only had five coin?”
He pulled out his phone and opened his texts, scrolling to his and Castiels' last conversation. He quickly added the mans name to his contacts and typed out a message.
Dean's heart plummeted into his stomach. For the fourth time in twenty four hours he felt like he was going to throw up. He picked up a photo and swallowed thickly.
Rowena smiled and raised an eyebrow. "Oh, I like her, Sam. Let's go deary," she held out her hand and Eileen took it. They walked down the corridor together, the boys following.
The sound of the gun pierced through the night, making Dean's ears ring. Olivette slumped to the ground, her dull and cloudy eyes staring up into the sky.
"Not unless you wanted the room to smell like a diaper," Dean chuckled. "'Sides, not like we've never been in the bathroom at the same time before." He tucked himself away and lowered the lid. "Remember Megs graduation party?" He heard a chuckle come from the shower.
Naomi patted his cheek gently and picked up the now half frozen bag of peas. She walked over to the freezer and tossed them in before closing the door any leaning against it. "I see the way you two look at each other. You're clearly very much in love. I'm glad he has you in his life."
“You’re going to taste so good,” he purred. “The adrenaline pumping in your vessels blood right now makes it taste,” Sam raised his blade to the demons cheek and nicked the skin. He slowly leaned in, opening his mouth and gently licking a stripe up the shaking demons face. “Mmm,” he sighed, “sweet.” He shoved the blade forward into the demons chest. He smiled wide before jerking the demon forward and biting down on it’s neck, tearing at the skin and muscle underneath. Slurping and sucking noises filled the room as Sam drank his fill.
Dean looked up at Castiel as he was lacing up his boots. "You guys beat around the bush so bad it makes my head hurt." He stood with a sigh and took Cas' hands and pulled him close. "I'm just going to go over, have an actual conversation with the guy. If he doesn't like what I have to say, then at least I can say I tried." He kissed Cas' forehead and turned to leave.
They looked at each other for a moment, the air between them turning to static as Dean made the slightest movement in Cas’ direction.
Castiel's eyes widened. He reached over to stop Dean from pulling off his own fingers. "Dean, I want to. More than you probably realize." His tone was so sincere and desperate that it made Dean smile. "I just don't think showing up to to my boss' party covered in hickeys and come would make a good impression."
Sam cleared his throat and Dean swiveled on his heel. "Right, uh, Cas? I'd like to formally introduce my brother Sam."
Charlie peeked over the back of the couch to make sure Castiel was still in his room. “He told me he’s been chatting up someone online.”
Dean crooked his finger at his brother, silently ordering him to follow. He huffed while storming towards the bunkers storage room. He shoved the door open and crossed his arms, raising his eyebrows at his brother.
Castiel gripped Dean's leg under the table tightly. "Alistair is Dick's right hand man, Dean. He oversees all of their...transactions."
Naomi sighed and leaned against the desk. "Castiel, I know you hate me, but could we please have a conversation with you maintaining eye contact?"
Dean glanced at the pool house and noticed the vines have started growing uncontrollably and dipping even further down into the broken glass.
Until one night, Sam woke up and padded down the bunker in search of a tall glass of water. He flicked the kitchen light on and gasped. He patted himself down, instinctively searching for a weapon. When he realized he was in his pajamas, he grabbed the closest thing which happened to be a beer bottle. He smashed it against the counter, turning it into a knife.
Dean watched Cas' face light up as he told stories from when he was little. He knew he should be paying attention but the way Cas' eyes shined and the way his lips curled into a smile was mesmerizing. His chest vibrated with laughter and his fingers danced in the air as he acted something out. Dean felt a pull in his chest as he realized that his best friend was absolutely--
"You must be Castiel," the man said, standing from his chair. He was tall and skinnier than Dean with a pointed nose that begged to be punched. "Come, sit."
A woman stood next to him smiling. "Thought what, handsome?" She flipped her long black hair over her shoulder revealing an incredibly low cut dress.
Never has the local grocery store heard such colorful language. He kicks and screams at the closest thing, which happens to be a large metal mailbox. His shoelace gets caught around one of the legs and jerks him forward, falling face first into the letter box.
“Fuck. Fuckfuckfuck,” he whispered, dropping the phone. His free hand gripped his cock hard as he continued fingering himself until he came with a shout, shooting over his hip and stomach.
“Good boy,” she smiled wickedly. “Now, if you don’t mind, would you use your talons and scratch at that line for me? I’d be so, so thankful if you did.” She licked her lips and shifted anxiously.
Castiel reached out and held Dean’s elbow. “I truly am sorry. I never thought—I didn’t think father would hold a feast for me. My siblings were thrown lavish parties when they united with their familiars. Be glad this pales in comparison to Michael’s.”
He hit send and drummed his fingers on the steering wheel impatiently. He stared at the phone screen for two agonizing minutes before he got a response.
?" Crowley scoffed and took a drink from his glass. "That's your leverage? I'm a demon, mate. Time is
Dean held her by the back of the neck and kissed her forehead. “I will. Take care of him while I’m gone,” he titled his head to his brother and smiled. “I’m serious, Sammy. Don’t run off and try to find us in the middle of the night in a forest you don’t know how to navigate.”
"Breathe, Dean," Castiel whispered. He laid a hand on Dean's chest, feeling him take in a deep breath. "Good. Now, when you're ready, we can discuss it more."
“Yeah ok,” Dean chuckled. He pulled a blanket off the back of the couch and covered the witch with it.
Dean whined as he watched Castiel's hand wrap around the head of his cock, smearing his pre come down his shaft. He closed his eyes and cried out as he came over Castiel's hand and onto the table.
"Aww, my angel," Dean cooed, stroking Castiels face with the sharp side of the blade. "I love hearing you say my name. Say it again."
"M'fine. Let's just---," his eyes widened and his hands trembled at his sides. "I'm just---," he hooked his thumb over his shoulder. "Gonna get it hooked up and we'll take it to the shop." He turned on his heel and quickly walked to the truck.
Dean's eyes widened as he laughed, watching as Lucifer skated up behind Naomi. "Speak of the devil," Dean grinned. He bowed his head slightly and winked at Naomi before she turned and reached out for her son.
Dean took a step forward. “And all I’m sayin’ is back off,” he said darkly. He stared into Castiel’s eyes, waiting for him to break first. “I don’t know what crawled up your ass but I’m sick of you bein’ a dick about everything I do or don’t do.”
"Too long," Zachariah smiled, showing his yellow teeth. "Come in! Sit, sit." He gestured towards a leather chair in front of his desk as he made his way back to his. He sat down with a grunt and slid a folder towards Castiel.
Regaining his composure, Crowley stood up and straightened his jacket with a huff. "Like that little itching powder spell would make me ta---"
He reaches over with trembling hands and grips the bottle, spinning it hard. His breath is punched from his lungs when it lands on Dean.
Great. Just fucking great. Dean watched as the storm clouds that had been threatening to burst all day opened up and drenched the streets in pouring rain.
Castiels’ jaw clenched as he stared Dean in the eyes. He leaned forward a fraction and the blade nicked his skin releasing a blue swirl of energy. “Then do it, Dean. Kill me.”
"The head honcho," Dean raised his eyebrows. "Better be on my best behavior then," he smirked, eyeing Castiel over his glass.
"Jesus, Cas," Dean gasped, pulling away slightly and pushing his head into the pillow. Castiel took the advantage of the situation and rolled himself on top of Dean, kissing his jaw and neck. Dean's hands flew to his friends hips and dug in painfully as he rutted into Castiel's ass. His eyes roved over Cas' body, moaning as he watched the muscles ripple and bounce in his shoulders. His friend was sucking a bruise on his chest and grinding his very hard, very large cock against his stomach. Panic bubbled in his gut and before he knew what he was saying he whispered "Wait".
Dean watched as his friend snuggled down into the blankets, his hair already sticking out in every direction. He sighed and sunk deeper into the bed fighting the urge to reach over and smooth down Cas' hair.
“She started showing sings of immense power. She got upset with her chambermaid and froze her to the floor. She screamed so loud once that every candle in the castle blew out. The most worrying thing though—”
he thought. He watched Castiel’s stride falter and felt a throb in his chest. “Shit,” he whispered. He quickened his pace and caught up to the witch and gently pulled on his arm. “I’m sorry, Cas. I didn’t mean—I get it. There’s things I don’t need to know about. Family can be complicated.”
Castiel nodded and slid a beer to someone next to Dean with a smile. “Yeah, Meg thought it would be hilarious.” He rolled his eyes and shook his head.
Dean hissed as Castiel gripped him tighter through his jeans. "Always," he groaned. "I need you, Cas."
“Castiel,” he said in a stern but soft voice. The witch looked up at him with wet eyes. “Don’t talk about yourself like that. I can feel how guilty you feel and it’s not necessary. You did the best you could.”
“Aww, is poor Cas cranky,” Dean asked sarcastically. He stuck his bottom lip out and walked over to his roommate. “Does someone need a hug?”
Dean drove where Castiel instructed, hyper aware that they were no longer in the side of town Dean was accustomed to. High rise buildings occupied the side of the streets, ornate looking shops with tall glass windows showed off their very expensive items.
“Yes.” Sam gripped a handful of Gabriels’ hair. “Get me in your mouth before I do it for you. I won’t be gentle.”
Dean whipped his head towards her as Bobby gripped her hand gently. "The hell you mean? It's mine," he drove his pointer finger into his palm, "bought and paid for today. I told you that this afternoon."
"Dunno why you always give me these things," Dean complained while ripping the plastic off his pastry. "They just get in the way." He tossed the sleeve on the counter and shoved the donut into his mouth. Castiel swiped the plastic off the counter and tossed it into the garbage.
"Heya, Castiel. It's good to see you!" Cain pulled him in for a hard hug and a pat on the shoulder. "How ya been? We're so glad you could make it this yea---Oh, I'm sorry, was I interrupting?" He glanced to Dean who was still sitting on the bed.
Cas immediately let his head drop to Dean's shoulder and groaned. "Kill me now," he mumbled into the mans neck. He picked his head up and plastered on fake smile. "Zachariah. Hello," he said stiffly.
Castiel walked straight up to Dean and climbed into his friends lap, kissing him deeply. His hands titled Dean's head to the side and dominated the kiss, slipping his tongue into his friends mouth. Dean groaned as his hands slid up to rest on Cas' hips.
“Oh I’d love to,” Cassandra smiled sweetly, turning to face Dean who nodded. She smiled wide and looked back to Sam. “I know we’ve just met, and it’s ok if you say no, but would you mind if after we ate I made dessert? I have a killer banana nut cookie recipe I’ve been dying to try out and this kitchen,” she looked around in awe, “is just amazing. I’d love to give it a whirl.”
Castiel let out a strangled breath as his chest heaved, immediately missing the warmth of Dean behind him.
"What the fuck?!" He immediately sunk to his knees, ignoring the water drenching his sweatpants and held the sides of Castiel's face carefully. A smile spread across the creatures face and he looked almost shy before another gargle filled the room.
Castiel’s hands itched to reach out and touch his familiar. He was so close he could feel his breath on his cheek and feel the warmth radiate off his chest.
“There’s nothing to interrupt, bitch,” Dean grumbled as they made their way to the large wooden doors.
“Alright, everyone knows the rules. Gotta kiss whoever the bottle lands on, ‘cept for siblings of course because
Castiel rolled his eyes as he watched Dean scrub dried blood from his cuticles. "I hate the way they feel on my skin," he said, wrinkling his nose. "And as for Dick," he sighed, "he's going to do what he wants to do. We can't change that. Tailing him would just be an insult to him." He watched as red water pooled around his toes.
He wiped his eyes, suddenly realizing that he was crying. “Fuck,” he whispered. He stood and scuffed his boot on the tiled floor, trying to distract himself from all of this. He let out a long breath as he stared at the ceiling.
A hand ran up his arm to his shoulder, pulling him in slightly. Dean felt Castiel breathe his name against his lips before he leaned forward and closed the distance between them, pressing their lips together in a gentle kiss.
"Jesus Christ Cas," Dean hissed. He looked down and groaned when Castiel's lips stretched around his cock. He looked up at Dean and raised an eyebrow before taking him deeper. Feeling Castiel's tongue swirl around him was almost too much to bare so he pulled away gently, watching as the creatures mouth hung open with nearly black eyes. "Hang--hang on," Dean breathed out with a smirk. Castiel licked his lips and let his talons drag down Dean's thighs.
“Well shit, we’re better at this than we thought,” Dean sighed. Looking at the pictures and videos now just seemed...wrong but he couldn’t help himself. He’d seen Castiel practically naked a few times, like when he’d walk to his room in a towel or making breakfast in his boxers, but never like this. Never so openly sexy and outgoing.
"I'm a witch, deary." She raised her hand when Dean clenched his jaw and took a step forward. "Not like the others, our boy here can assure you." She bumped Castiel with her hip and smiled playfully. "Now about that tea?"
Dean walked into the same warehouse as before but was taken aback when the door closed behind him. The room was filled with precious art and paintings of the past, it smelled of fresh flowers and the sea.
"Dean," Sam said quietly as he walked up to his brother, "it's them. It's the ones who did this to Castiel."
Dean ran a hand down his cheek and shrugged. “I mean, I’m kinda tired and I could really use a bath, but other than that I’m pretty good.”
“Which one? Cuz I sure as HELL wouldn’t let you bring that thing back in Baby,” Dean gestured towards the offending object.
Castiel opened the door with a smile. His hair was sticking out in different directions and his tie was loosened around his neck. His bare toes curled into the carpet when he watched a smile creep across Dean's face.
Dean licked his lips, his eyes darting back and forth between Cas’ eyes and mouth. “Yeah?” he whispered. “Maybe that’s your problem then.” He watched Castiel’s throat bob as his white knuckled the counter.
Dean was sitting on the bed checking his messages when Castiel walked into their room and shut the door quietly behind him.
, Dean realized. He opened his eyes and looked at his friend. His mouth was parted, lips slick from licking them. Without thinking, Dean leaned in and brushed his nose against Castiel's. He felt his friend's hand come to rest on the back of his neck and pull him forward the small space that was left between them and press his lips against his own.
Sam sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "All I'm saying, Dean, is you gotta start thinkin' about this stuff if you plan on---you know,
“Seems I didn’t break enough bones in you, little one,” Amara laughed. She held her hand out as blue streaks started hurling towards him.
Castiel turned to Dean with his eyebrows pulled together. “You never have to ask my permission Dean. I just ask that you stay relatively close to the hut. Being too far apart right now isn’t–”
"Is--is this a bad time?" Dean narrowed his eyes, trying to make sense of the noises in the background. He reached over and turned the shower off so he could hear better.
"Maybe once when I was little." He held the bag out to Bobby who batted it away. "Your mother'd kill me," he huffed. "Anyway, we met when we were seventeen. She was a spit fire of a gal," he smiled fondly. "I saw her playin' pool and I thought she was the most gorgeous thing I'd ever laid eyes on."
"M'wake," Dean mumbled. Whether he was aware or not, he leaned into Castiel's touch seeking whatever warmth he could get.
The man on the other end of the line sighed. "I know, son. I've got a ton of feelers out and they haven't heard a peep. But, Sam, if Dean don't wanna be found--"
A raven was sent to Sam and Charlie that night. By morning the pair arrived with sacks of herbs and corked bottles. They dismounted their horses quickly and Sam wrapped Dean in a tight hug.
Rolling his eyes with a sigh, Castiel picked up a small blanket that was at the foot of the bed. "I'll be on the couch if you need anything."
He looked up into the night sky and sighed. He felt heavy. Everything just felt so heavy. His feet that could barely carry him to his car. His shoulders that felt like they were holding up the whole universe. His head and eyes. His heart.
"Castiel," Michelle smiled around the woman sitting in her lap, "ever heard of knocking?" She raised an eyebrow and licked her lips, returning her attention to the woman. "Sadly, we'll have to continue this another time, my sweet." Michelle straightened the woman's dress strap and helped her off her lap. She bent over, disappearing behind the desk for a moment before standing again. Her face was flushed as she passed by Dean and Castiel, stuffing a pair of red panties into her purse.
Gabriel huffed and walked over to the sink, filling a glass. He handed it to Castiel and watched as his brother spit into the cup before he poured half of it in the mortar, then drinking the rest himself. He picked up a bottle with a stopper on the end and sucked some of the mixture into it.
“I can talk to her, Dean. She’s my sister.” The witch sighed and shook his head. “And if I can’t, then I’ll do what I have to.”
Cain looked back and forth between Castiel and Dean with a grin on his face. "You don't say! Hell, it's nice to meet you Dean. I'm Cain, Cas' step-father." He shook Dean's hand with a wide smile growing on his face. "Cas, here, has never brought anyone home before. I'm so glad you're here."
He grabbed Dean by the back of the neck and kissed him fiercely, his tongue running over the mans lower lip.
"Jesus Christ, get a room," Gabriel sighed. "I'm gonna hit the hay." He stood and pulled Castiel in for a hug. "Actually, Kali should be calling soon for a little phone sex," he whispered a little too loudly into Cas' ear. Dean laughed and Lucifer rolled his eyes.
Castiel lowers his head and looks over at his friend. He can see the blush rising in his cheeks which only make his freckles stand out even more. Damn Dean Winchester and his perfect face. He clears his throat as Dean passes his cigarette to Jo who holds it like a stick of dynamite about to go off. He feels his knees graze against the carpet as he makes his way to Dean. Dean licks his lips, teeth catching his bottom lip right before Castiel leans in and cups the back of his head. The kiss is soft and slow. Castiel hears Dean sigh into it before he jerks his head back. Dean stares at Cas for a minute before yanking the cigarette away from a baffled Jo and takes a long drag.
Castiel hissed in pain as the cat removed her claws and trotted over to sit at Sam’s feet. “No,” he growled.
"So, how we gonna do this?" Dean picks at the sprinkles on his donut and flicks a green one at Castiel.
"Beautiful," Castiel murmured against Dean's mouth as his hand traveled up Dean's thigh. Dean held back a moan as Castiel gripped his cock, pumping him lightly. "Turn around my love," he whispered into Dean's ear.
They both turned to Dean who was staring daggers at Ellen. He watched the mans Adam's apple bounce in his throat as his eyes widened.
A wave of sadness washed over Castiels' face. "Of course you have a choice. I would be lying if I said it wasn't for my benefit as well, but Dean, I'd really like to take care of you tonight." He walked over and helped Dean shrug off his jacket, tossing it onto a nearby chair. His hand reached up to cradle the other mans face. "I'm so sorry for the way things happened tonight."
There are wrought iron chairs scattered around the sides of the pool that are covered in grime and rust. A deflated beach ball lays lifeless next to what Dean is positive is the carcass of a raccoon. And the pool, if it can even be classified as one, is filled to the brim with inky black water. There's leaves and scum collected around the edges and the
Charlie's hand flew to her hip, pretending to go for a gun. Castiel shook his head and pointed both finger guns at his temples, pinching the phone between his shoulder and ear. "What's next weekend?"
"M'sorry we never got a chance to do this, y'know, before I--" Dean cleared his throat. "I just wanna take care'a you, Cas."
He felt Dean nod against his shoulders. "Yeah," he breathed. His hand slipped down from Castiel's arm and rested on his hip, thumb rubbing small circles on his hipbone.
Castiel’s eyes widened as he watched her rise to her feet. The sound of the storm was deafening now and he couldn’t hear Dean anymore. His arms fell to his side as he cried out in frustration.
is coming this year." He felt Charlie squeeze him tight before snaking a hand into the counter and stealing a donut hole.
Dean pressed his pillow against his ears in vein. He tossed and turned, huffed and puffed until he couldn’t take it anymore.
“I like those things too, Dean. I’ve—I didn’t know how to tell you.” The angel frowned, staring at the floor. “Dean I’ve loved you for so long now. Seeing you unhappy—if it meant I’d have to take that form for the rest of my life to keep you happy, I would. I’m sorry if this changes things between us. I’ll understand if you don’t want to see me again.”
Castiel's eyes widened a fraction before he composed himself, slipping through the water and easily avoiding Dean's gasp. Dean's head popped up through the water with a scowl. "Yeah yeah, I get it. You're faster." Castiel raised an eyebrow and licked a drop of water off his lower lip. With a flick of his tail he was in Dean's personal space, his breath washing over the mans face. Dean felt arms wrap around his waist and Castiel's thick tail slide between his legs, helping keep him afloat in the deep water.
Castiel pulled a plate out of the cupboard and walked over the the stove. "Triple berry for us, ap---"
"Hey!" Sam shouted, wiping water from his face with a grin. "No wonder you like him, Dean. He's an ass just like you," Sam chuckled and knocked his shoulder against his brothers.
“They’re feathers from a red tail hawk. A familiar’s, actually. But if you aren’t interested…” Dean started stuffing them back into his pocket.
Charlie held up her hands in defense and mouthed "ok, ok." She backed up as Castiel lowered one of his hands.
Castiel nodded and climbed in next to Dean, sighing as he snuggled beneath the warm blankets. "Thank you."
“That’s an understatement.” Castiel sighed and walked over to sit next to Dean. “I hated this place,” he whispered. “I couldn’t wait to leave.” He looked up to the faded stars on the ceiling. “Do you see those?”
"Well now," he breathed out, "never thought I'd see one of you again. I knew your daddy. Fine piece of work, that man," Dick smiled wide.
There was awkward shuffling as they removed their pants, trying not to lift the blankets and let the cold air in. Once undressed, Castiel rolled to face Dean who lowered his eyes to the mans lips. Dean reached up and cupped Cas' face, brushing his lips across the other man mouth before kissing him tentatively. It deepened as their hands roamed, panting each others names. Castiel trailed his fingers over Dean's stomach and hip, hesitantly stroking his cock. Dean sighed and sucked Cas' bottom lip between his teeth, gripping the other mans cock in his fist.
Castiel looked over the tower and tapped a few bricks and sighed. "I don't really have a choice. Mother makes us do it every year." He flicked hard at one of the bricks and the whole tower shifted. Everyone held their breath as they watched. A collective sigh of relief was let out once the tower stopped swaying. "Lucifer will be there."
"Dean. S'wrong? Heard yelling." Castiel pulled himself up over the edge of the pool and reached out a dripping hand.
"Um, well that's new," Lisa says from inside the dining room area. "Dean? You said you're a contractor, right?"
Dean immediately pushed Castiel behind him and turned towards the door. His heart slammed in his chest as a brilliant shade of red hair attached to a petite woman poked her head around the door. "May I come in?"
Also, for my sweet NoRest4Me- I mayyyy have used part of your last comment in this chapter. See if you can find it <3
"They were high-school sweethearts. They married before he made all his money and turned into a giant assbutt," Castiel explained.
"You could at least speak to the guy," Dean grunted, thinking back on all the times that customers assumed he knew what they wanted with a wiggle of a finger.
Baby kicks up mud as Dean turns down the long Singer-Harvelle driveway. His heart hasn't stopped pounding since he read that horrific article online and his brow is lined with sweat.
He hears the gravel crunch behind him and turns to see Lisa Braeden (aka sparkle eyes) walking up the driveway with an armful of papers and cardboard holder with two coffee cups.
“You thought turning into a hot chick who just HAPPENED to like all the same shit I did, that would make me happy?” Dean shrugged the angels hand off. “Real smart, Cas.”
Dean sat down next to his friend and lowered his head. "I just--I can't believe it. It's 2019, people are gay. People are bi. What's the big deal?" He turned to face Castiel and pulled his hand over onto his lap. He tapped Cas' knuckles with his finger and sighed.
Castiel rolled his eyes and swung his feet over the edge of the bed. "Little late for modesty," he chuckled.
Dean pulled away from Castiel's chest and cupped his cheek. He smiled when he looked into the man's black, shining eyes. "Fuck, I love you so much Cas."
Castiel walked up to Dean and braced one of his hands against the wall beside Deans head, crowding into his personal space.
“Yeah, it’s pretty awesome actually. A week of training and Cas is better than any other seasoned witch I’ve met.” Dean beamed at the witch who had his nose stuffed deep into an old book. “You should’ve seen it, Sam. Transmutation was a breeze. He turned a candlestick into a rose his first try.”
Dean stood and nodded his head, silently thanking the maid. He shrugged on his jacket as Castiel stood, holding out his hand.
Castiel nodded and tightened his grip on Deans waist. He lifted his knee and kicked the door as hard as he could, silently thanking God when it flew open. He dragged Dean inside and set him down in the nearest chair. He shoved the door shut and locked it, sighing as he rested his head against the wood.
Dean sighed and ran a hand down his face. "'spose I could rent a trailer. Left the truck with my brother back in Lawrence."
"No, sir. Won't let it out of my sight," he promised. "So you're saying we should scout the woods where Rufus saw them?"
Gabriel came up behind Sam and wrapped his arms around the man. “Something smells…sweet. Samuel Winchester are you making dessert?” The angel mock gasped.
Dean craned his neck over his shoulder, immediately moaning as Castiel raised a small blade to his throat. He chuckled and licked his lips. "I don't know if you know this or not," Dean grunted as his left hand flew up and gripped Castiel's wrist. He threw his head back, almost catching Castiel in the nose. He stood quickly and gripped both of Castiel's wrists in one hand, spinning him so he was pressed against the table. He plucked the knife out of Cas' hand and held it to his cheek. "But I'm
Castiel narrowed his eyes and smiled. "Fine. A thousand a week it is." He held up a hand as Dean opened his mouth to argue. "You
Dean snorted and drank the rest of his beer. "Nah, nothin' like that." He wrung his hands together, the sound of the cloth rubbing against itself was somewhat soothing to him as he collected his thoughts.
Castiel's upper half is out of the water and leaning on the edge of the pool closest to the door. His eyes are closed as he basks in the sun, making his skin reflect green and purple lights that dance across the wall. His arms are curled under his chin as the water behind him ripples gently. He looks...content. Shaking his head, Dean lowers himself down close to Castiel with a grunt.
"Open your eyes, baby. You're gonna wanna see this." Dean licked the top of Cas' cock and his friends eyes shot open, wide and filled with lust. He slipped the tip of his cock into his mouth and sucked the precome from the tip.
The demon sat his cup down and tilted his head. "Alright, brass tacks it is. The note your dear brother left said to let him go, correct?"
"Wonderful." He clapped her hands together and looked to Dean. "Castiel tells me you'd like to be more involved. You're aware of what this entails?"
First off, I need to thank everyone that has been commenting on this fic. IT. GIVES. ME LIFFFEEEE. You have no idea how good it makes me feel knowing you guys are enjoying to story
“Gods, Cas, it’s like you’ve never been naked in the same room as a guy before,” Dean chuckled as he pulled on a fresh pair of pants. He looked over his shoulder and his breath caught in his throat when he saw the lean muscles stretch and ripple under the witch’s tan shoulders. Warmth spread throughout his chest and up his neck making his cheeks flush.
Amara hunched slightly, and lunged towards her brother with a snarl, pushing a pulsing blue orb from her chest. It hurdled through the air and slammed into Castiel’s chest, knocking him to the ground.
In a flash Castiel's fingers were buried in Dean's hair as his tongue invaded his mouth. Dean fisted Cas' tie, yanking him forward as he backed himself up against a table. Their clothes fell to the ground, piece by piece between frantic kisses until Dean was bare and bent over the table. Castiel pressed his cock against Dean's ass and rutted against him.
The ringing stopped. There was rustling at the other end for a moment. He briefly heard someone or something panting.
He tossed his phone on the nightstand as Dean opened the bathroom door. A waft of steam followed him as he came out, holding a towel loosely around his waist. Water droplets made their way from his hairline down to his collar bone and rested there, begging to be swept away.
"This, uh---this is a lot, Cas. I can't imagine what it's like for you." He walked up behind Castiel and placed his hand on his shoulder, gently turning him around.
Dean picked at the door for a moment before slowly turning around and shoving his hands in his pockets.
"No, Samuel. Nothing. Apart from cutting the mark off his arm, which I'm sure wouldn't work anyway, I have nothing. I'm sorry, deary." She patted Sams' shoulder and smiled weakly.
“We’re outta ice, Cas. Run to the cafeteria and get some?” Meg flipped her black hair over her shoulder and smiled. “Please?”
Dinner went along smoothly, except for the occasional glare from Lucifer and a spilled drink from Naomi that Cain promptly cleaned up. They moved into the living room for dessert and Gabriel caught Dean up to speed on his family.
Charlie hopped over the back of the couch and grabbed her bag. “Of course, my Lord,” she bowed deeply. “To the dining room table! There are Hobgoblins afoot!”
Castiel bit his lip and tossed the pieces of paper into the fire, watching as they sizzled and frayed. He glanced to Dean, heart immediately quickening when he saw the orange bonding mark sprawled across his chest. It made his matching marks tingle under his skin.
“Also,” Cas interrupts, “I brought you an ice pack and bandages for your face.” He holds up a pink box of bandaids that have princess crowns and stars on them. “Do you mind?”
Lounging man rolled his eyes. "Never heard of this 'Alfie' guy before." He shrugged his shoulders and looked over to Dick. "Can I go now, dad? These meetings are boring as fuck and I have other shit to do today."
Castiel's eyebrows shot up and looked to Michelle. They shared a knowing nod as she ashed her cigarette. "I think that's all we need, Dick. We'll be in touch."
"To keep an eye on both of them, I offered your brother a bit of let's say, undeveloped real estate."
“Essentially. I was bitter about it for a long time, but I figured I’d spend my time learning. Gabriel, as annoying as he is,” he chuckled, “gave me great advice. He said I should read and learn as much as I possibly could so I’d be ready.”
"Yes, yes. I flitted myself out of there before I saw anything scandalous," her eyes dragged up and down Dean's torso before adding, "unfortunately. You were the first to get past the warding Mr. and Mrs. Singer put up. Which poses the question- why you, Dean?"
"All set, Cassie." Balthazar came into the room with three suits draped over his arm. "Oh my, am I interrupting?" He put a hand on his hip and popped it out, raising an eyebrow.
Dean’s voice filled his ears like the sweetest song he’s ever heard. The most gorgeous sound in the universe. It pulled him from the depths and into the present. He listened to Deans prayer as he slumped down into the tub.
“Hello, Sam,” she whispered. “I didn’t think anyone would be awake at this hour. I’m sorry if I startled you.”
“Then this guy in a stupid trench coat burst through a friggen barn in the middle of the night and changed everything.”
"M'sorry, Cas. I fucked everything up," he mumbled into the man's chest, soaking it with blood and spit. He wrapped one arm around Cas' waist and held him close.
"Fuck yes," he hissed, taking hold of Cas' hair. "Suck my fucking cock, Cas. Fuck. Fuckfucfuc---" he shouted as he felt his orgasm rip through him. He folded in on himself, leaning up and keeping Castiel's mouth pressed against his groin. He reached down and pressed his hand to Cas' cheek, feeling his cock through the stubble.
Dean took a bite of the granola bar and downed some of the water before holding it out to Castiel. He shook his head and pushed it back towards Dean.
Lucifer waited until Dean shut the front door and was half way down the sidewalk before he turned to his brother.
Sometimes he can push all the screaming and blood and gore aside. Sometimes he feels great. Hell, he feels like a normal guy.
Castiel wrapped an arm around Dean and held his weapon tight with his other hand. “Dean,” he brushed his lips across the mans ear and squeezed him tightly, “don’t move. You were followed.”
"And then we," Dean's breath caught in his throat when Cas' nails dug into his hips, leaving red marks he'd run his fingers over later.
Gabriel blows a raspberry and pats Dean's back as he passes behind the man. "Please. I could rock a mesh tank top if I wanted to."
"Castiel," a voice cooed from the midst of the rubble. "I'd say it's good to see you again, but we both know that'd be a lie." A dark robe floated forward as it's hand reached up to remove the hood covering its face. A mass of blonde hair curled out around an older woman's face as she smiled wickedly.
“Smooth,” Meg leveled Dean a look. “I swear to god, if you just plan on lovin’ and leavin’ him, I’ll find you. And I’ll kick your perfectly shaped ass, Dean. Cas is my best friend and I can’t  have him talking about you for another ten fucking years.”
Dean stood and pocketed his phone. “Now or never,” he whispered to himself. He knocked on Castiel’s door before opening it a crack. “Cas?”
"It's not Dean doing those things, Sam." Castiel stood and braced himself on the dresser across from him. "When...when those things happen, it's not Dean. It's the mark." He turned and faced Sam. "It's not always bad."
Castiel smiled and picked up the check. He pulled a lighter and his cigarettes out of his pocket and flicked it the lighter, setting the piece of paper on fire. He plucked a cigarette out of it's pack and held it to his lips, lighting it off the checks' flame. He took a long drag and winked at Dean.
Dean is currently staring into a bin of nails and debating on whether to take the whole thing to the register or slam his face into it when someone walks up behind him.
Something rough stuck to the pad of his thumb and rolled up into a ball under his touch. Dean pulled away gently and removed his hand, inspecting the foreign object. His eyes widened when he looked at his hand, then to Castiel's face.
The next thing Dean sees his is brother whipping the bathroom door open, the sound of it banging against the wall echoed in the house. Dean reached out to grab the handle but it was too late. Sams eyes widened in horror as he looked into the room.
Sam stared at his brother with wide eyes and raised eyebrows. "Uhh," he glanced between his brother and Castiel. "You just---"
Rage filled Deans vision as he watched the angel walked slowly away, his wings folded neatly across his back. Quietly and quickly he pulled out the silver angel blade and rose to his feet. He trailed behind the angel until he was close enough to reach out and grip his shoulder.
"It's nice to meet you face to face. I'm Castiel if you haven't already guessed," he said, reaching out a hand.
Dean's mouth hung open as he panted, feeling Castiel's fingers tugging at his belt. He reached out and popped the button on Castiel's pants just as his were yanked down around his thighs.
Dean swallowed hard as he clicked on the picture. It was a close up shot of Huckleberry’s torso, his abs were wet and soapy. His hand was below frame, but his hips and the tiniest bit of the base of his cock were visible.
"I know ok! Just----come on," Dean grabbed his brother and hauled him towards the back porch, mentally reminding himself that he still needs to fix the screen door. Sam stomped over to the railing and braced his hands against it, bending at the waist while taking a deep breath. "Listen, it's fucked up, I get it. You should'a seen me the first time I laid eyes on Cas," he joked. Sam's head whipped around.
“I think this is going to be the start of somethin’, just you wait and see,” Rowena said with a smile.
“Mad? She didn’t let me cast for a whole month!” He took Castiel’s hands gently in his own. “But do you know what I did with that whole month?” Castiel shook his head. “I practiced. I read every book I could get my hands on. I memorized what ingredients went with what spells so that if one day I didn’t have my grimoire I’d be prepared.”
“People of Lebonia, we gather tonight in honor of my son, Castiel and his familiar Dean. Today their relationship is further symbolized by the tying of a the sacred knot. Its bond will not break, becoming ever stronger under pressure.” Chuck handed Castiel a light brown cord. “This cord represents each of you as individuals.”
Castiel drops his jaw and opens his mouth, letting Dean fuck his throat slowly. Blue eyes stare up at Dean through dark lashes, long talons dig slightly into his thighs which only add to the absolute pleasure Dean is experiencing right now. "Fuck, fuckfuckfuckfuck! Cas I'm---"
"Please," the man whispered hoarsely. "I'm sorry. I'll never see her again, I swear," he sputtered, gripping Castiel's ankle tightly.
you should see the ones she takes of us at home," he winked and Dean choked on his beer as he laughed.
Castiel nodded and slowly lowered his gun into the holster on his hip. He raised his empty hands in the air as a sign of good faith as Alistair began cutting the binds on Dean's hands. Once free, Dean sagged forward and coughed hard, spitting blood onto the cement floor.
"Dean! Fucking DO SOMETHING!" Sam shouted, holding Castiel as far away as he can. His jaw is clenched and his thumbs are dug into the soft spot of Castiel's collar bones as he screamed. "DEAN!"
“You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me,” Jo whispers harshly. Castiel looks down and sees the bottle pointing at him as Gabriel shoves his shoulder.
Dean was shaking his leg nervously, thoughts running through his head. He stood up quickly and walked over to the fridge, pulling out a beer and popping the top. He chugged half of it before his phone went off again.
"So what, Dean? We're just going to live like this forever? It's been quiet lately. Perfect time to talk to him." Sam shrugged his sleeve out of his brothers grip and frowned. "I just want you to be happy. I want the both of you to be happy. And this--" he wagged his finger between his brother and Cas, "isn't working. If anything, it's causing more stress and frankly, Dean, I can't take it. Tell him or---or I'm leaving."
“M’fine. Let’s get in, get the job done and get the fuck outta here.” He swung the door open and slammed it shut. Rounding the car, he opened the trunk and pulled out two bronze daggers. He handed one to Cas carefully. He’d justify it as being cautious not to cut the angel, but in reality he knew what happened when he felt Cas’ skin touch his own. He didn’t have time to unpack
Dean shrugged as he pulled onto the road. "Figured we'd get a start on the terms of endearment, sugar lips." He leaned over slightly and batted his eyelashes at Cas who immediately blushed. Dean smirked and watched as Castiel became more flustered. "You like those names dont'cha? Like it when I call you my snuggly-wuggly bear, Cas?" he teased.
"That was...odd. Dean, is Sam alright?" The angel tilted his stupidly beautiful head and stared at Dean who was still staring daggers at the hallway that his brother fled down.
Castiel cocked his head to the side and stared back. "Dean?"Dean swallowed hard and slowly held up his hand, palm up.
"Clean that up, deary. Wouldn't want it to get infected." She wrapped a rag around Sams palm and patted it gently.
Dean closed his eyes and grunted, biting his tongue to hold in anymore sounds. "Rightful position?" Dean huffed. "You been working for Dick for how long and he never promoted you?" He lifted his head and looked Alistair in the eyes. "Kinda seems like you're not up to snuff. Dick knew it, Michelle knew it. Hell, I'm brand spankin' new and I know it," he whispered.
“Let us begin the ceremony, shall we?” The room quieted immediately as everyone turned their attention to the front of the room.
“He said ‘being in love makes you say and think crazy things’. Anytime I think about him the butterflies come back and when we touch I feel like I’m going to throw up. I’m scared to tell him how I feel. If he doesn’t have the butterflies, too, I’m going to be very embarrassed. That’s another emotion I learned. It happened when I ate too many burritos and passed ga–”
"He. Likes. It." Dean licked his bloody lips and smiled. "You can't imagine the things we've done, Sammy. My little angel is a fucking whore for---"
Dean clamped a hand over his friends mouth. “Charles! Shut. Up.” He watched her mimic a zipper across the back of his hand and nod. He let his hand slap against his leg as it dropped from her mouth. “No,” he hissed. “I didn’t tell him how I feel because he obviously doesn’t feel the same way. I’m not losing my friend over a stupid crush.”
Reality is giving him the mother of all bitch slaps right now, because as hard as he's trying, he can't smell the bonfire smoke or hear Sam gagging while he's trying to bait a hook with a wriggly worm.
Dean slipped the bottle of lube he left under his pillow out and popped the cap. He coated his fingers before letting his hand slip lower, lightly brushing against his hole while he waited for a reply.
Castiel cocks his head. “No. I haven’t. But I understand the reference.” He pats the bandage to make sure it’s secure. “There. Good as new.”
"I don't care," he hissed into his cellphone. "Close down it down, gather the rest of the men and get to my house within the hour or you can kiss that pathetic excuse of a bar goodbye." Castiel threw the phone onto a table, the same one he had Dean bent over not even a week ago.
Alistair chuckled and scratched the side of his face. "You're my leverage, Dean-o. Cassie'll come in here, see his poor lover boy all beaten and blood with a gun to the side of his head. There's no way he'll let me kill you, until he gives me the company that is. Then what use are you to me." Walking over, Alistair pulled a gun from out of his belt and held it to Dean's temple. "Boom," he whispered.
"Shit," Dean hissed, wiping a wet hand down his face. "M'sorry, Cas. I shouldn't have---I'm sorry," he muttered before standing. He sighed heavily and crossed his arms over his chest. "I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable."
“Sam. Yes, we met him. He’s fine. He’s right out there,” he pointed out the tiny window towards the woods. “You were flying in the market and fell from the air. Do you remember that?”
Castiel reached down and began stroking Dean's cock, pumping him until he was fully hard. "After you I make you come."
It because he's---Dean, how're you supposed to have a relationship with someone who has to be in water for the rest of his life? And from the look of him, he doesn't age. He's---he'll be around for a really long time, long after Bobby 'n Ellen and you and me are gone. From what I can tell, the curse made him immortal. We'll die one day, he won't. Are you alright with that? Leaving him here alone when your time comes?"
He plucks her hand off his shoulder with a groan and places it on the back of the couch. “Well, you might get your chance,” he grunts as he lifts off the couch and walks towards Dean, leaving her behind to leer at Sam.
Dean watched as women dressed in silk gowns, their necks dripping with diamonds, glided past and into the house. A pressure on his elbow made him turn to see Castiel smiling.
“You ok?” He ran his hand up and down Cassandras arm softly. “Did you and Sam have a fight or somethin’? I can kick his ass if you want,” he smiled.
“Fuck. Hey, Charles. I’m assuming Cas called you?” Dean closed his door carefully and sat on his bed. “It’s not what he thinks. He won’t even listen to me.”
Dean closed his eyes and tried to think. "Uh, I dunno. It was a grey van, florist logo on the side." He shook his head, thinking hard. "LB...47, something. I'm sorry Ca--"
Then he remembers he has a pool now. Lisa informed him that the side building was actually a pool house.
The door of the Impala clicked shut and Dean turned around to hang the suits from a hook in the backseat. He started the engine and drummed his fingers on the steering wheel impatiently. Glancing out his window, he noticed the sleek black car was missing, but in it's spot was a grey van with a florists logo on the side. He tipped his head back and barked a laugh. He was wiping a tear away from his eye as Castiel climbed into the passenger seat.
“He said no. Now I think you need to leave,” Dean barked. Without thinking, Dean rested a hand on the witch’s shoulder and pushed Castiel behind him.
“Partnership,” Lucy laughed, her voice tinkling in the air. “Oh my dear, I think you mean relationship. The boy can’t keep his eyes off you.”
The room erupted in cheers and applause and the band began playing an upbeat song. Dean could hear Sam whooping loudly from his table. The pair stared at each other for a moment before turning to face to crowd with smiles on their faces.
"Oh, Castiel, you just don't get it do you?" She took another step forward, eyes never leaving Dean as she raised a sharp finger in his direction. "He's the one who raised you from that rancid swamp. He's the reason you're
“I’ll be there in a moment. Please show Dean to his room.” Castiel muttered, wiping a wet hand over his face.
Dean laughed out loud and shook his head. “Nah, he’d kill me. I uh— the Baby thing was true. I do need to take better care of her. And the fridge? I should make Sam do that. I mean, it’s basically his crappy lettuce and healthy stuff that’s stinkin’ the place up. Do you have any idea how long that wrinkly tomato has been in—”
Bobby eyed Sam for a minute and snorted. "Baby brother? He's three feet taller 'n you, boy. C'mon in, Ellen made lunch." Bobby led them into the dining room where Ellen was setting the table with plates and napkins. "Ell, this is Sam, Dean's brother."
Dean vaguely remembers Castiel frantically pulling out his phone and calling someone as he laid on the porch, watching Michelle's body burn to ashes in front of him. He climbed to his hands and knees, tears springing from his eyes as he watched the fire shoot into the night sky.
Purple waves shot from Rowenas fingers and traveled up the bed. In a flash of blinding light, the once five year old boys were now grown men snuggling in bed together.
Castiel shook his head. "You're right. Jesus fuck, you're right. I'm so sorry Dean." He raked his fingers roughly through his hair. "I never---Dean is this what you
Castiel bit back a moan when he felt the pressure of Dean’s hand on his neck. He let out a long breath through his nose and gripped the edge of the pool.
“Join us,” Castiel spoke as he squinted at one of the paintings, back turned to Dean. “Your skills could prove to be of value to me.”
“Because you never asked!” The sky cracked with thunder as she shouted. “You took fathers word as gospel. And when mother died you left. You left me
Castiel followed the sound of voices down the hallway. They were speaking so quietly that he strained to hear them. Turning the corner, he saw Rowena swirling a glass with brown liquid in it, Crowley was staring up at the ceiling clearly bored. He spotted Eileen who was looking back at him.
Deans fist cut through the air heading directly towards Cas' jaw. He caught Dean's hand and directed it to the side, shoving it down and twisting it behind Dean's back. He threw him over his desk, smashing the younger mans face into the folder he was just reading.
Dean, who was already getting a headache, spied the bar and mimed to Sam that he was getting a drink. He walked up to the makeshift bar and leaned against it, holding up one finger.
Things are getting better. Dealing with human emotions isn’t as easy as I thought it would be. I like the feeling after I eat toast with honey, but I do NOT like jealousy. Sam explained it to me after @@@@@@”
"That was a MISTAKE!" Dean shouted. He looked through the small window into Bobby's office and waved when Bobby scowled at him. "I don't know how that got there," he hissed. "Sam, unless you actually have something important to tell me, I gotta get back to work." He pressed the END button harder than necessary and shoved the phone in his pocket. He braced his arms on the raised hood of the car and let out a long sigh. He can't deny that he's thought about Cas that way once or twice. Back when they'd sneak out into the woods with a pop-up tent and a bottle of his dads Jack. They'd get too drunk and a little too handsy before Dean chickened out and fell asleep pressed up against Cas' chest. But that's just kids being stupid, he thinks.
The witches heart sunk and Dean must have felt it because his eyes shot up. “Don’t do that,” he pointed a sharp finger in Castiel’s direction. “Don’t feel bad for me. I don’t need your pity,” he spat.
“He knew exactly what you needed,” Sam nodded. “Dean, I could practically taste the power rolling off the hut even before we came inside.”
Dean lowered himself into the cooling water, feeling Castiel's cock slip between his thighs. Castiel thrusted up into them and wrapped his arms around Dean, kissing and licking any exposed skin. Dean reached behind himself and let his fingers drift between his cheeks. Water slicking the way, he opened himself up slowly while Castiel rutted into him, his breathy pants beating against his neck. With his free hand, he pumped Castiel's cock and leaned forward, lining himself up with him.
The crowd oooh’s and aahhh’s before Dean settles them. “Alright, let’s start it off.” He hands the bottle to Jo who’s eyes immediately light up. Castiel swallows down gulp of beer instead of reaching over and smacking the look off her face.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, I remember back in the day my mom had a list of everyone’s on the wall next to the phone. Now you just gotta put it in once and forget it.”
The door clicked open and an older woman in a maids uniform smiled warmly at him. "You must be Dean." She gestured for Dean to come inside and closed the door behind them. "Can I take your coat," she asked warmly.
"I understand the risks and what I'm getting myself into. Just because I don't have murder notches on my belt doesn't mean I can't be a good soldier for you, which is why we came here today. I need at least Castiel's level of clearance. I fully intent to be with him for however long he sees fit and would like to accompany him on future jobs." He took a deep breath and looked over to a very wide eyed Castiel. "No better way to learn than on the job," he clarified with a smile.
"Hey," Dean dipped his hand into the water and rested where Cas' thigh would be. "Don't do that. Use your words, man."
"Sammy. Hey, whoa." Dean flew out of his chair and stepped to his brother, placing a hand on his shoulder to hold him back. "She's cool. She's with us." Dean quickly gave his brother a once over, making sure the blood soaking into his clothes didn't belong to him. "What the hell happened? I thought you said they weren't in the woods?"
“IT’S HOT, DEAN! I can’t WEAR anything but my boxers without sweating through!” He threw his hands up in the air and let them fall with a slap on his thighs.
"Fuck. Oh shit, I'm sorry man. I didn't mean---I wasn't thinking," Dean stammered as he began pulling his hand away. Castiel's other hand flew out of the water and gripped Dean's wrist tight, holding him in place. Cold, smooth fingers brushed against the heated skin on Dean's hand and made their way down each finger. His careful talon bumped against Deans knuckles before he looked up at the man through his lashes. Dean swallowed hard and slowly turned his hand over so their palms were touching. He let his thumb rub over the tiny scales speckled across Cas' wrist and smiled when he heard him sigh. "Probably been a while since---" Dean cleared his throat and stopped himself from asking the dumbest question ever. Castiel hadn't been touched in nearly fifty years. "Do you mind if I---" Dean asked, nodding towards his forearm. Castiel's mouth tugged at a smile before he shook his head an lifted his arm out of the water. Dean let the back of his fingers slide up Cas' wrist to a patch of scales wrapping around his arm. He smiled at the feeling of the rough scales under his fingertips. "You're really somethin', you know that Cas?" Castiel responded by reaching out and trailing two fingers across Dean's collar bone and down the middle of his chest. A sound vibrated in his chest as his eyes mapped the expanse of Dean's naked torso and the tattoo on his shoulder.
Dean bit his lip and reached a finger out, gently pulling at the confines of Cas’ shirt. “Then what’s this?” he asked roughly.
The angel turned and faced Dean with an unreadable expression. “Dean, I’m asking you. Please join us.”
Castiel grabbed Dean by the collar and spun him around, walking him backwards until Dean hit the side of the house. He wasted no time licking into Deans mouth, tasting smoke and beer
“I uh,” he held up the packages, “hope you don’t mind. I’m really hungry.” He walked around Castiel and sat on a small stool. “I could feel that,” he murmured as he pulled the string off a package.
"Curses, hexes, fucking werewolves?" Dean's voice raised an octave. "And you two," he waved an accusing finger between the two, "hunt them."
on the floor. Dean stalked forward, the water raising over his chest inch by inch until just his shoulders were out of the water. His lip quirked into a smile before he dove under water, heading straight for Cas.
me and held me hostage in his fucking hole in the wall hut. Who steals a person? I’ll tell you who, crazy people!”
When he takes Baby out for some exercise and parks her under the night sky. He'll stare at the stars for hours without a care in the world.
Dean scoffed and looked anywhere but at Castiel. “You know, it wasn’t even all that bad. We had each other for a long time and we were alright. I taught him how to hunt and fish. Hell we even moved out of dad’s old place and built our own home.” He frowned and wrapped an arm around his waist.
Castiel looked into the sky once more and conjured all his strength. His hands burned with power and his bonding mark began to sizzle. Lightning danced across the sky and darted down towards them. It shot back up into the sky before it reached the witch’s fingers.
"He's harmless," Bobby answered simply. "Keeps to himself, never leaves to pool, ain't a threat to nobody so what's the hurt in lettin' him stay there? After all, it was his house before your scrawny ass moved in."
His favorite moments, though, are in the mornings. When he's still half asleep and the world hasn't caught up with him yet. When he doesn't remember the night before. When he can't quite yet feel his broken bones and blood dried to his body. When he isn't being tortured or beaten or fucked. When he can't see the black of Deans eyes or the feral look on his face. When he's truly alone.
“Bullshit,” Charlie gasped. Castiel peeked over his book and raised an eyebrow. “I mean—Sorry, Cas. I just mean, not even Sam can do that easily. No offence.”
Sam paced his room, roughly running his fingers through his hair. His eyes pricked with tears as he thought about Dean's black eyes.
Dean pursed his lips. "Nah, just---I saw her go into the bookshop last week an---" he waved a hand in the air as he shrugged.
Castiel breathed heavily against the gag in his mouth. He learned early on to keep his tongue pulled back so he didn't have to taste the blood, sweat, and come that covered the rag.
