“What do I do, Jody?” he begged her. “I don’t know what to do? He in so much pain and I’m a mess too.  How are we gonna make it through this?  How do I keep the faith? I’m not sure I have any faith either. What do I do?” He could feel the edge of panic begin to creep up on him and he gripped the table hard in an effort to ground himself.
“Room key.  I’ve been trying to tell you that your room is ready for five minutes.” She took a step closer and peered searchingly into Dean’s face. “You doing okay, kiddo?”
“No problem,” Jody was easy.  Dean sighed in relief and headed for the nearest gas station.
Cas chuckled.
“Have you tried praying to him?” Sam’s got those trademarked puppy eyes fixed on him and Dean has to look away because he can’t lie to those eyes.
, he thought.
“Oh Castiel,” she said. “You idiot. Fuck Hastings. I’m taking you all the way to Lebanon and you’re gonna tell him everything.” Cas’s mouth dropped open in surprise as Nora pressed down hard on the gas and the car gave a creaking lurch before speeding, rattletrap down the highway towards, Lebanon, the bunker and the home of Castiel’s heart.
Dean kept his eyes down, afraid to look at Cas. Afraid to speak. Afraid. He leaned there, braced against his beloved car, mind churning, trying desperately to think of the words to make Cas understand.  For a moment, it seemed like the world had stopped spinning and time had frozen, as he and Cas stood feet from each other.  Dean moved first.  He watched in fascination and terror as his hand, his traitorous fucking hand, reached tremblingly toward Cas.  And then his fingers touched Cas’s face, light as air, barely skimming over his skin. Cas flinched. Dean looked at him, wild eyed and frightened. He started to jerk his hand back when Cas’s fingers closed sharply over his. They stared at each other for what seemed like forever.  Planets sprouted, grew and died, glaciers carved canyons through the earth all while Dean Winchester and Castiel stood motionless, breathless, fingers just touching.  This time it was Cas who broke the stillness.  He took a step towards Dean and then Dean was moving.  He shook his head once and grabbed Castiel by the lapel of his trench coat, and then his mouth was on Cas’s, his breath hot and urgent.  And, holy fucking shit, Cas was kissing him back. His lips were so soft and his mouth tasted like honey and oh, the smell of him, something like rain or wind, Dean wasn’t sure but it was all around him and he was breathing it in and it was Cas. He let go of the trench coat and slid his hands up through his thick black hair to rest on the back of his head.  With a sound like a sob, Cas wrapped his arms around Dean, and backed him up until he was pressed against the door of the Impala.  Dean could feel the cold, hard slick surface of the Impala against his back, the solid heat of Cas’s body pressed against him, the rasp of Cas’s stubble on his face, Cas’s mouth pressed against his, soft and hot.  He gasped, overwhelmed by the ocean of sensation, and Cas took the opportunity to slide the tip of his tongue into Dean’s mouth. A bolt of electricity surged through Dean’s body and he bucked hard against Cas, his hips rolling instinctively.  Cas pulled back from the kiss, his blue eyes huge and dark.
“Hey this is gonna take almost an hour to cook.  How about we go to the library and see if we can’t start getting a handle on those powers.”  Jack nodded and meekly followed Sam out of the kitchen and down the hallway to the library.
“Where you headed, Constantine?” she quipped.  Cas was slightly taken aback and gaped at her for a moment before regaining his power of speech.
Dean glare intensified.
“Release me!”
“Yeah maybe she can. Or maybe she ends up dead because you wanted to skip out on her to babysit the Antichrist.”
The sweat stings his eyes as he lays out his stripes
Before long, Dean found himself on the familiar streets of Lebanon, Kansas.  Soon he would be at the bunker.  Dean was determined to get a grip on himself before he got home.  There was no way he was going to allow himself to let any of this out around Sam.  He didn’t even know where he would begin to explain this.  No, better to let Sam assume they were mourning their mother and Cas in the same way.  To just let him be another one of their dead, no different from the rest of the friends and family they’d lost. He could never explain to Sam how different losing Cas felt.  How it felt like he’d never really be able to breathe again. How just hearing his name sent a dart of pain through him that he felt all the way down his spine.  He could never explain it so he wasn’t going to try.  He was going to go home and swallow this and continue on.
I love you
“Fucking hell, Cas,” Dean exclaimed in exasperation. “Why do you have on so many fucking clothes?”  Cas opened his eyes and squinted at Dean’s frustrated frown, amused.
“What’s up?” Dean asked.  Sam let out a soft incredulous chuckle.
“What the fuck do you want?” The words were slurred and angry and Dean’s terrifyingly cold eyes reminded Jack of their last bathroom conversation.
“Yeah,” he growled.  And then his heart stopped.
“Did you mean it?” Cas looks troubled and he glances down at his feet. “I understand if you said it just to get away from the Emp-
He knows that
“What?”
“She loved you so much, Jack.  She did everything in her power to protect you.  She absolutely loved you.  More than anything.” Jack dropped his eyes to the floor, and quickly brushed the back of his hand across them. Sam gave his arm an encouraging squeeze.
“Thanks, Sam,” he manages, gruffly. “I…. Thanks. Here goes nothing.” He unscrews the vial and tips it toward his mouth, inhaling the stream of light that drifts toward him. He can feel the light start to make its way through his body infusing him with grace. His eyes catch Sam’s and he nods.
“You never believe this.  I got a call from Missouri Mosley.”
“Holy shit, Cas,” he panted.  “Do you have any idea what that voice does to me?” Castiel reached up to cup Dean, hard in his jeans.
, he thought.  Sleeping it seemed, if the entity was to be believed.  And it seemed believable.  Or it least the barely contained fury that was radiating from the entity was definitely believable. It appeared Castiel had woken it up and now it was demanding an explanation.
Sam had known confronting Dean about what he’d said to Jack would probably lead to a fight.  He had sat up at the map table planning out what he was going to say to him, how he would plead Jack’s case. But he’d been unprepared for the pain he could hear in his brother’s voice as he shouted that Sam deserved to be saved but Jack didn’t.  It wasn’t until Dean mentioned Cas that a revelation began to dawn on Sam.  Perhaps they were not grieving the same person.  All this time, Sam’s grief had been focused on their mother and he had assumed Dean had felt the same way.  Not that he hadn’t felt the loss of Castiel. He had, of course.  Cas had been a good friend, their best friend and losing him had hurt terribly but in Sam’s mind it had been overshadowed by Mary’s plight.  He had mourned Cas in much the same way he had mourned Charlie.  But as Dean stood in front of him screaming, rage and pain and loss pouring off of him, a memory surfaced in Sam’s mind.  Cas, years ago, responding to Dean’s call in a millisecond, after Sam had spent months trying to contact him.
The flicker in Sam’s gut was now a fully formed flame.
“Yeah, well Dean sees it,” Jack snapped. “That’s why he says… He said he’d kill me.”
Dean looks at the bottle glowing brightly in his palm and closes his hand around it.
But for now they fade
“He manipulated him.  He made him promises.  Said Paradise on Earth.  And Cas bought it.  And what did it get him? It got him dead.  Now you may be able to forget about that, but I CAN’T!” Dean saw Sam’s eyes narrow a bit and he felt a stab of panic.  He was letting too much out, saying too much.  Dean clenched his hands into fists and exerted every bit of self-control he had to pull himself to together.  He looked away from Sam, determined to tamp these emotions down.  He was afraid he’d already said too much.
“Sam?” She sounded confused and worried and exhausted.  “What time is it? What’s going on? Is everything okay? Do you need help?”
Without lips teeth tongue they hiss his name
“Come on Castiel, wouldn’t you rather be a fond memory than a constant festering disappointment?” The entity delivered a sharp kick to his midsection and then began to try to coax him back to sleep.  Castiel closed his eyes.  He pictured Dean.  He pictured him laughing, the way he threw his head back, the little star lines that appeared at the corners of his eyes.  He pictured him fighting, his jaw a sharp line of determined bone, eyes like green fire. He pictured all the times they’d stared at each other, minutes without sound, moments in which each seemed to be desperately trying to speak without actually using words.
“…and so that’s how John managed to get the angels and God to cure his cancer.  And you aren’t listening to me at all are you?” Nora laughed as Cas attempted to deny her accusation.
He never gets to finish that sentence. Cas’s mouth is on his and he’s kissing him and Dean feels like he’s finally alive.  His body is buzzing from the crown of his head to the tips of his fingers, to the soles of his feet. Cas is alive. He’s whole. He’s here kissing Dean like his life depends on it. Can this be real?
Sam Winchester was a man of his word.  He had told Jody that he would fake it when it came to faith and carry his brother and that’s exactly what he was doing.  It had taken him a few days but he’d finally found a case for them. One kid missing and another found wandering down the road bleeding from the head and only able to say one thing:
When the entity looks at him, Meg’s pretty face is contorted with rage. Then an eerie calm passes across it and it smiles. Dean shudders at the grotesque grin.
Why did he have to be the one to carry them? He wanted to hole up in his room and drink and listen to angry, angst filled music and slam doors and bite everyone’s head off, too.  He wanted Dean to console him like he had when they were young and Dad had been late coming home from a hunt.  He wanted Dean’s swagger and bravado and cocksure smart asserey.  Sam folded his arms on the table and dropped his head into them.  Losing their mom and Cas had broken them both and he was beginning to wonder if they’d ever come back from it.  Sam rested there, with his head pillowed on his arms, his face buried in his flannel sleeves and took several long, shuddering breaths.   Then he raised his head, wiped his eyes and pulled his phone out of his pocket.
Dean fumbled along the nightstand next to his bed, groping for the glass of whiskey he’d left there last night. His hand bumped the glass clumsily, sending the heavy tumbler crashing to the ground. Dean clutched his head at noise. There was a tentative knock at the door.
“Thank you, Sam,” Jack said, his eyes trained on Sam’s face.  “for the video.  The message from my mom.  She was beautiful, wasn’t she? And kind.  I could tell how kind she was.  She… said she…loved me. I think she meant it.  Don’t you, Sam? I think she did love me, right?” Sam felt a surge of compassion for Jack.  He knew what it felt like to only have the idea that your mother loved you.  To not have any memory of her mothering you, kissing your scraped knees, cutting the crusts off your PB&J, carrying your sleepy self to bed and kissing you good night.  For a moment, Jack and Sam stood together in the kitchen, feeling the loss of their respective mothers, a silent tableau of the grief of motherless sons.  Then Sam gave himself a little shake and recovered.
“Has he come out at all?” Jody’s face was a study in compassion. “I mean besides to pee and get more alcohol and whatever.”
“I’ll take your grace.”
“Whenever you’re ready,” she said.  “Any time at all, Dean. I mean it.”
There was a desperate urgency about Dean’s kisses that pulled hard at Cas’s heart.  He could feel Dean’s fingers tighten in his hair and he pulled the other man close against him and pressed his knee hard against Dean’s legs.  Desire sang along his nerves when Dean opened his legs and rutted against his thigh and his legs buckled slightly. Cas felt himself hardening against Dean’s jeans clad leg and he ground into him.  He’d never felt like anything like this.  He knew he had feelings for Dean, he known for years but he had had no idea what it would feel like to actually touch him this way.  To feel him pressed, hard and insistent, against his own body.  He had no idea that every touch would feel like fire, that his mouth would send bolts of desire, of need, surging through him.  He moaned into Dean’s mouth and felt the warm, slick muscle of Dean’s tongue slide along his own.  He was panting now, gasping, his legs shaking barely holding him up.  He felt Dean’s hand scrabbling down the car’s side, searching for the door handle.  He found it, jerked the door open and then Castiel felt himself spun around and pushed down hard onto Baby’s long, black, leather back seat.
Thanks to everyone who read this, my very first fan fiction ever, unless you count the weird nonsense I filled my adolescent journal with as a twelve year old.  Much credit to Andrew Dabb, Eugenie Ross-Leming, Brad Buckner, Robert Berens, Meredith Glynn, and Steve Yockey since I used a bunch of their dialogue in this story.
These marks
As the weeks pass, the hollow feeling in Dean’s chest grows until he feels scooped out, empty. He hasn’t cried since he sat and sobbed in that dungeon still feeling the grip of Cas’s fingers on his arms, still wearing his bloody handprint. He hasn’t cried. Hasn’t laughed much either. Or talked or eaten or lived. Sam and Jack tiptoe around him, speaking to him in low, gentle voices as if loud words might break him. Maybe they’re right. Maybe they will but the kind, soft ones are worse because they’re too much like the things he said. Life moves on. He stays still. And then one day Sam comes to his room, shuts the door behind him and sits down in the chair at his desk. Dean looks at him with dull eyes.
The entity is shaking now, letting out little angry screeches.
Jody moved around Sam to stand behind him and wrapped her arms around his broad shoulders. She rested her chin on top of his head, and Sam let out a long sigh like a shudder. Jody tightened her embrace. They stayed that way for several minutes. Jody broke the silence first.
The shake shake shake of pills rattling in orange plastic are supposed to chase them away but
flashed on the screen as Dean slid a finger across the surface to answer it.
“So this will stop your heart and this is adrenaline and that’ll restart it. You’ll only have about five minutes here. I don’t know how long that translates to in the Empty but I’m not risking any more than five minutes”
The first thing that struck him was how bright it was.  The startling brightness was so completely different from the strange, inky darkness of the Empty that Cas was momentarily dizzy.  He lay motionless, just feeling the warmth of the sun touching his skin, the press of plants and lumps of soil against his back.  He smiled to himself.  He was back.  He’d won. His long fingers dug into the earth and he reveled in the feel of it. Still smiling, he pushed himself to his feet.  He seemed to be in some sort of field.  Blackberry bushes grew in wild untamed tangles around him and tall prairie grass waved slowly, blown by a lazy breeze that curled through his hair tickling his scalp.  Cas felt a strand of joy rise through him, growing stronger as it filled his chest. He took a deep breath and turned to the sun, letting it wash across his face.
Sam’s entire body went cold with horror.  He watched, terrified as his brother’s body seized and clenched. Dean gave a choked gasp before collapsing onto his side, eyes rolling back into his head.
“What?” Jody looked pointedly at her outstretched hand. It was only then that Dean noticed she was holding a motel key out to him.
. What a stupid decision. She didn’t have to die. There was no reason for this shit.” Dean punched the steering wheel in frustration.
The cane is his love made tangible
Don’t still his mind
There was no alarm. It was the sounds of ordinary life that dragged Dean Winchester up from the depths of his troubled, heavy sleep. Regular sounds. Voices murmuring, a dropped book, his sasquatch brother’s giant clomping feet echoing down the hallway outside his door. Dean rolled over in bed and opened his eyes. He tucked an arm behind his head and fixed a thousand yard stare at the ceiling of his room. There was no life in the apple green eyes and they saw nothing of the ceiling tiles nor anything else in the room for that matter. Instead, Dean saw the same horrific scene he’d seen every time sleep abandoned him. A funeral pyre, the wooden logs stacked like a leaning fence, fingers of flame reaching high into the sky and a linen-wrapped corpse slowly burning to ash. Dean swallowed hard and clenched his hands to fists in a desperate attempt to stave off the feeling he knew was coming. It was pointless of course. His hands had never stopped feeling it. The heaviness of Cas’s body. The unresponsiveness when Dean had lifted his feet to wrap the curtain around them. How cold he’d been, how he’d already begun to feel stiff and foreign in Dean’s hands. Dean turned his face into the pillow to keep from screaming. Outside the door, the regular life noises continued. Dean hated them with all his heart.
“Oh frack. Why you gotta to bring him to me!?!”
The group finished up their lunch and started dispersing early, apparently spreading out over campus to keep an eye out for Michael before Dean would need to leave. Cas and Meg were the last to leave but as they stood, Dean realized he needed to get something off his chest.
“What the fuck? You have a boyfriend? And you've still been all hung up on me and being a massive asshole about it?” Dean pressed, now thoroughly pissed. Michael opened his mouth to respond but Cas cut him off.
“I’ve had it rolled up under the bed. I thought that would be safe since I’m a pretty light sleeper but last night just proved that he’s got the sneaking skills to pull something like that off.”
3. Cas either needed to leave for class before Dean did or he had to give Dean a five minute head start.
“Alright, I’ll be back soon.”
“What, Megan?” Dean fired back, intensely amused by the annoyance he saw as he turned back around.
“No kidding. If he doesn’t, someone needs to recommend it to him,” Charlie agreed.
Step 6: Back to the dorms to hunker down and plan tomorrow’s routes.
Dean groaned and dragged his hand through his hair, messing it up after just having tamed his bed head. His phone buzzed once more but instead of it being a lamentation from Jo or Charlie, it was from Cas.
Dean was broken from his adrenaline fueled plan of attack by the sound of soft footsteps from just around the corner where they had been. He spared a quick glance at Max who nodded, he could hear them too. Suddenly, an ear piercing whistle shattered the silence. Max startled beside him and the zombies that had been about to round the corner sprinted off in the direction of the whistle.
Dean slowed to a jog as he reached the meeting spot. Charlie was nowhere in sight but just as he was about to call it a lost cause, her head popped up from behind a car two rows down.
“I dunno, he’s a dick and I kinda just hoped I could forget about it? The more you talk about something, the more real it is… Nothing I can’t handle on my own,” Dean mumbled, sort of surprised that he admitted that much.
Dean pulled his phone out and ignored Max’s curious look.
“I don’t know, Dean...”
“Ya know, I think I’m gunna head to the library for a bit.” Dean abruptly stood, Charlie’s hand falling away. He heard his friends calling for him to come back but he pushed on, tossing his half eaten pizza in a trash can before pushing out of the dining hall. He made it 30 feet before he heard Charlie calling his name. He turned to snap at her for following but was silenced by the sudden flash of a sock past his head and the annoyed groan of a person to his left. Jeez, Winchester, pull it together. You completely forgot about the damn apocalypse…
Dean chuckled under his breath as he took one more look back at Cas, who Benny had caught back up with. Dean had known for years now that Cas could be a sarcastic asshole, and yet, it kinda endeared him even more to the man. Cas was surprisingly quick witted and his humor was drier than a desert but it suited him. It still made Dean’s heart warm every time he managed to get a genuine laugh out of Cas, as infrequently as it happened. His gummy smile that only came out when he really, truly smiled enough for the crinkles around his eyes to show.
“And if you get turned?”
After that, Dean decided that the best way to deal with it was to just shove it deep, deep down because then, at least, even if he couldn’t be with Cas the way he sometimes fantasized about, he still had his best friend. Once he figured that out, things were almost exactly the same as the past two years had been. Cas was still hyper focused on his GPA and Dean was still a cocky flirt who hated picking up after himself (much to Cas’ frustration). And that was exactly how Dean knew he could get Cas to cave and participate in the Apocalypse this year.
Jeez, the writers block really kicked my ass these past two weeks but we got there! Thanks for hanging in there with me! Got past the worst of the block and have one chapter left to go! Hope you all enjoy!
“Oh shit...” Dean agreed. In front was Cas, looking far too serious, like he was actually running for his life. Much further behind was Benny, cackling and holding on to his cap to prevent it from flying off his head. Jo, just a little ways behind him, was cursing up a storm as her backpack flopped wildly with every frantic step. Charlie and Dean started off at a sprint to intercept them and quickly saw why the three were running. Two zombies were in hot pursuit, the snarky brunette from that morning and Michael, the asshole who apparently held one hell of a grudge when Dean had turned him down for a date last year, going so far as to sabotage his assignments. And was also on the football team.
“Yes, I do. Why, are you looking for a demotion from handmaiden again?”
“And with the night game tonight, Dean and I are probably going to be dodging the guy the whole time…” Charlie huffed, dropping her head to the table.
“Damn it! Max is gunna be pissed at me!” Alicia groaned. Benny cursed and bolted towards Dean.
“Okay so we check the house from top to bottom,” Sam said, watching Dean curiously.
“Okay.” Dean nodded once and headed for the garage, Cas trailing, bemused, in his wake.  They settled themselves into the Impala and headed out into the warm, Kansas night.
“Nothing,” Cas answered.  A sort of realization was beginning to grow in his mind.
“Orange, Cas?” Dean smirked.
“S’ok.  What’s up? Is it a hunt? You guys need help with a hunt?” Jody’s voice was still heavy with sleep and Sam felt a sharp twinge of guilt for waking her up with his personal problems.
“Nothing!” he gasped. “I was just… I was...” Dean shoved past him and vanished down the hallway. A few minutes later he reappeared, arm filled with bottles of beer. He didn’t even glance at Jack as he crossed into his room, kicking the door shut behind him.
“Send me back to Earth,” he said, fully meeting the creature’s eyes for the first time.  And for the first time, Cas saw uncertainly there.
he thought.  Easily rectified, that.  He signaled to the waitress and ordered another round of whiskey.  He didn’t care how long or how much booze it took, tonight he was going to forget.
Have a little smut and a lot of love
, he thought. With a small scoff, he began to walk.
, he thought, bitterly,
, Billie had said, her brows raised incredulously.  And he hadn’t denied it.  He couldn’t.  Dean’s fingers tightened on the steering wheel and he tried to force his brain to stop thinking.  He’d never been this close to giving up before.  He couldn’t see how to go on from here.  He saw his life spread out before him, bleak and empty.  Days sliding into months into years, devoid of any purpose, of any joy.  He tried to steel himself to face it.  His knuckles were white against the black steering wheel and his jaw hurt from how hard he was clenching it.  How long could he endure this, he wondered.  At the moment, it felt like he couldn’t take another minute.
“Why are you awake?” The creature stepped closer to Cas and it was only with effort that he kept from shivering at its proximity.  “Because, fun fact, in all of forever, nothing ever wakes up here. And, second fun fact, when you woke up, I woke up and I don’t like being awake.  So what’s up, smart guy?” The seething resentment fairly poured from the creature now and Castiel wracked his brain trying to find an answer to the question.
“Why do you think I called you? Who better to handle the teenage son of Satan who considers and entirely different fallen angel to be his father?”
“Okay, kiddo.  Let’s get some sleep and we’ll head for James and Patience first thing in the morning.”  Dean closed his eyes and wondered not for the first time how he and Sam had gotten so lucky to have this woman in their life.
“Dean,” Cas gently touched his elbow, and it was like fire shooting through Dean’s entire body.  He shivered involuntarily and Cas’s blue eyes widened.  “Dean, you don’t have to…” His words trailed off as Dean moved his arm and suddenly, green eyes bored into his.  Cas’s heart jumped.  Abruptly, Dean broke off the intense stare and opened the door.  He climbed out, shut it and leaned against Baby’s sleek, black side.  Cas narrowed his eyes and exited the car, slowly circling around to stand in front of Dean. He couldn’t identify the feeling in his stomach or was it in his heart or maybe his legs.  It was beyond his experience as angel, it was a thoroughly human feeling.  He opened his mouth to say Dean’s name again but instead he just stood there staring at his face.  His breath hitched as his eyes trailed over Dean’s face. The hunter was pale, each freckle on his face blazed like a brand, his mouth a deep crimson and Cas knew if Dean raised his eyes, the green would cut straight though his body to his pounding heart.
Maybe Sam was lying to him, Dean thought as he looked around the pathetic, crappy interior of the Clamdiver, because there is no way anybody gave this shithole four stars on any website anywhere. The shitty half busted lights, the threadbare velvet couches, the way the stage sagged noticeably in the middle, the pole slightly askew.  It was all just desperately, terribly
“Wow. What’s it been? Like a decade?”
“Save yourself,” the entity beseeched him.  Castiel pulled every memory of Dean he had to him and wrapped them around himself like armor.
.  Definitely their kind of thing.  Sam had even set Jack up with a crap ton of DVDs to keep him busy so he and Dean could go on the hunt by themselves.  Dean had warmed to Jack considerably after he’d saved their asses from Mia Vallen’s crazy shapeshifter ex-boyfriend but Sam thought Dean would be happier if it was just the two of them and Baby just like the good old days.  Okay so maybe the old days weren’t really that good but that was just the kind of thought that Sam was going to push all the way to the back of his mind, lock in a box, bury in concrete and sink to the bottom of the fucking ocean.  For now, he was going to make this hunt as pleasant for Dean as possible and if that meant beer for breakfast and reading reviews of some god-awful strip club with the mind-blowingly offensive name of the Clamdiver, that’s what he was going to do.  And for a while, it seemed like it was going okay.  He’d even let Dean use Agent Page as his alias when they went to speak to the boy’s mother.  But apparently he’d been a little too obvious because now they were standing outside the Royal Towers Hotel and Dean was squinting suspiciously at him.  Maybe telling him how many stars the Clamdiver had was a bridge too far.  Maybe it was the chili fries he’d ordered at lunch.  Whatever it was, it seemed that Dean was on to him.
“I took it out of your pocket before I…” Dean couldn’t finish the sentence, unwillingly thinking back to the cabin where he’d wrapped Cas’s body in the sheer curtains and placed him on a funeral pyre. He squeezed his eyes shut tightly and clenched his hands into fists.  Tentatively, Cas ran his hand over Dean’s cheek and sighed in relief when the other man turned his face into his palm.  He caressed his freckled face softly.
“It’s late.  I’m really sorry, Jody, but I didn’t know who else to call.” Sam fidgeted with the edge of the book laying on the table in front of him.
“Goodbye” there is a great flash of light abd Dean shuts his eyes against it, hands gripping Cas’s arms tightly.
“I know.”  Dean pushed himself up to peer into Cas’s face and Cas’s lap was cold and empty suddenly.  He looked back at Dean with a puzzled squint.
.  The dozens of angels’ names and faces flitted through his mind.
“Talk to me,” Sam cajoles. “Tell me.”
“What did..?” he panted. “What did you do to me?”
“A decade at least,” Dean answered.  Hearing of Missouri’s death on the news at the gas station had shocked him less than he would have thought.  There had been something in the way she’d said goodbye after imploring him to save her family.  Like she’d
Dean nods along almost absently. If there’s one thing he’s not a rookie at it’s dying and coming back. He has faith Sam will manage that part of it and do he lets Sam’s narration of the situation wash over him, his voice a comforting buzz in the background. The forefront of his mind is occupied with one thought alone. What will he say to Cas if he can find him?
“Fucking, get your fucking pants off right fucking now, Dean Winchester,” Cas raised an eyebrow at him and his blue eyes flashed.  Dean gasped as that low voice traveled straight down to his cock again.
time to time.
“Dean and I do share a more profound bond,” the angel had said and Sam had thought he’d understood.  Now he was beginning to think he didn’t understand anything at all.
“Well, well, well. What do we have here?”
The questions and uncertainly swirled around in his mind until exhaustion overwhelmed him and he dropped slowly into a troubled sleep.
.  He’d done it.  With numb, shaking fingers, Sam set a three minute timer on his watch before pulling a carton of salt from the bag and shaking it out in a circle around Dean’s lifeless body.  And then he sat down to wait.
“There’s no time,” he answered, yanking a small rectangular tin from inside the canvas bag.
“Of course it’s not fair, Sam.  Who said it was fair? But it’s a thing we do when we love somebody and they tell us they need us to carry them for a while.”
“Well it was beautiful.” She reached across the center console and squeezed his arm. “How much of that does Dean know?” Cas bit his lip and looked out the window.
“God, Jody, that’d be great. I’m a disaster in the kitchen. I just keep asking everybody if they want toast. Or mac and cheese. Or mac and cheese with toast. Dean dropped about a hundred f bombs and threw his boot at me when I offered that one.” Jody chuckled again and headed into the kitchen to assess the lasagna supplies. Sam watched her go with a profound sense of gratitude. There was nothing that spun Jody. She seemed to take everything and process it without it tearing her apart and yet Sam knew that life had dragged her through massive tragedy and trauma. But she’d walked through it like a warrior. Jody was strong. She was fierce. And Sam was so glad she was here.
“Good.  C’mon.” Sam reached a large hand out to Jack and pulled him to his feet. He flashed a sympathetic smile.
“Jack, listen,” Sam crouched down next to him.  “Asmodeus tricking you, Dean… None of that is your fault.  I think that after everything that’s happened, you’re probably scared to use your power.  And me pressuring you certainly isn’t helping.”
“Love you, Jodes.”
And he would.  He would save James and Patience, because that’s what he did.  Saving people, hunting things, the family business and all that.  And he would do it without breaking down again.
“Love you, too, Sam.  Call anytime. I mean it.”
They’re watching him with their
“Just go. Please,” he begged Sam.
The ride back to the bunker was silent as the three of them, Dean and Sam and Cas sat stunned, watching the street lights flicker past the windows until they were pulling into the bunker’s underground garage. Sam and Dean hoisted their bags onto their shoulders and made their way into the bunker proper, Cas trailing behind, still silent.
Hush, he tells his faceless friends, be still
“Yes.  That’s right,” replied the entity with another of those unsettling grins.  “Nothing but Empty.  And you are soaking in it.”
Cas continues, “It will be loud. So loud. No one will be able to sleep. I’ll find the loudest demons to wake.”
“No,” he whispered.  “Let me.  I want to.” Cas nodded again and Dean popped the button open and pulled down the zipper agonizingly slowly.  Hooking his thumbs in the loops, he drew the pants down over Cas’s hips.  Cas toed off his shoes and socks and let Dean slide the pants off his legs.  Then he lay back on the seat dressed in nothing but his orange boxer briefs.
(See the end of the chapter for
“My name isn’t John, either,” he said, buckling the belt across himself.
These things are clear to all from
“Goddamit Sam, I said I’m fi…” The sentence died in his mouth when he saw him. The kid. The reason for all this. The reason Cas was… Dean’s eyes narrowed dangerously.
Dean thought he might come in his pants like a teenager before he ever got a hand on Cas when he rutted against him. His hips bucked hard against Cas’s every time he felt Cas thrust against him, his cock rubbing roughly against his own.  Determined to touch him, Dean grabbed Cas by the jut of his hips, yanked him down again, then reached into his boxers and took Cas’s cock in his hand. God, he felt amazing.  His cock was hard and wet with precome and as Dean closed his fingers around him, it twitched hard in his hand.  Dean looked up at Cas meeting his blue with his own green.  Cas pushed himself into Dean’s hand, his eyes still locked on Dean’s.  Dean let go of him and Cas whimpered softly.
But the red lines across his lover’s back
It was a full day before Dean left his room again.  He found Sam sitting in the library talking on his cell phone.
.  Dean, wounded, his beloved face twisted in pain. Dean dying, the life draining from his beautiful eyes. Castiel’s heart was pounding.  And the entity was still talking, still demanding answers.
Ten minutes later, Dean found himself redressed in his jeans only, head pillowed on Cas’s dress pants clad lap, bare feet kicked up on the passenger side window as he fiddled with Baby’s stereo.   Eventually he got the volume at the level he liked, loud enough to fill the interior with the familiar sound of Robert Plant’s suggestive voice but not so loud that he couldn’t hear Cas talking.  Cas carded his hand through Dean’s short, sandy hair gently and Dean closed his eyes, unable to remember the last time he’d been touched with so much love.  He could hear Cas humming along to Led Zeppelin above him and it filled him with a sense of completeness he’d never experienced in his thirty nine years on earth.  He smiled happily and turned his head toward Cas, breathing a sigh into his hip.
“Cas…” His voice breaks on a sob around Cas’s name and he stands up and goes to him.
“I’ve found a way into the Empty.”  Seven words that bore straight through Dean’s rib cage to settle directly in his heart. He actually gasps and stares at Sam in confusion.
“Oh I’m just your friendly, neighborhood cosmic entity,” replied the doppelganger.  A vaguely menacing smile spread across its face as it explained that it had taken on Cas’s form because its own would be too terrifying to behold.  Cas could feel the air growing heavier with barely restrained enmity as he pressed the entity for answers as to the nature of this place.
Sam places a trembling hand on his forehead and turns his head baring his neck. Dean feels the prick of the needle and hears Sam whisper “Good luck.”
“I think that’s our exit,” she said.  Dean knew it was a gift.  He nodded brusquely.
“It’s real. I’m real. We’re real, Dean,” Cas beams at me.”Now kiss me back and then we can go home.”
“He what?’
“I need three minutes,” Dean answered and before Sam could stop him, he thrust the needle into his chest with both hands, emptying the syringe into his heart.
“No.  Not Sherlock either,” he answered, shyly trying to match her playful tone. “But at least I know who that one is.”  It seemed that was the right move.  She grinned as she steered the car back onto the highway.
Dean obliges. They stand in the field wrapped in each other’s arms, mouths pressed together for what seems like an eternity. Or maybe just the beginning of one. Dean breathes a laugh against Cas’s lips.
“Easy, kiddo,” Jody laid a soft hand on Dean’s shoulder. She felt a shudder go through the hunter’s body. She could tell Dean was holding himself together with mental duct tape and it was hard to see him this broken.  Dean shook his head and Jody felt that she could see him begin to force himself to adopt his usual tough veneer.  “Remember, if you ever need to talk...”
Sam had been almost pleased to find Dean passed out on the floor of the motel, tie around his head, wearing a pink bra like a necklace in the morning.  And he’d definitely been amused watching Dean consume the mountain of bacon that had been his breakfast while Sam relayed what he’d discovered talking to the kid’s friend.  Sam was beginning to feel relieved. The case seemed to be distracting Dean from his depression.  It almost seemed like they were back in their old regular hunting groove.  Even the phone call from the kid’s mom saying the kid had had gone missing seemed par for the course and when Dean blamed himself for not pushing the kid harder for information, Sam let it go, chalking it up to Dean’s usual self-flagellation.  They’d agreed the best course of action was to head to the house where the kid’s friend had disappeared.  If he was still alive, the house seemed like their best shot at finding him.  Which is why Sam now found himself face to face with a massively creepy insane doctor ghost in a freaking plague mask of all things.  With a drill.  Fantastic.  Two steps toward Dr. Creepy Mask and Sam was airborne, flung completely across the room.  The ghost advanced on Dean, drill whirring as Sam scrambled to his feet and grabbed an iron crowbar from his bag and swung through the apparition.  Plague Mask ghost poofed in two and Sam reached out, pulling his brother to his feet.  Together they climbed the staircase to the second level of the house.  The second floor hallway lead them to a genuinely eerie room with a cobweb covered gurney and ample evidence of the good doctor’s horrible experiments. Tucked away in the back of the room was a shelf on which sat four of the creepy plague masks.  As Dean reached out and touched the beak of one of the masks, the room was suddenly filled with the sound of a drill’s motor and a bone chilling scream rang out.  The boys immediately got to work salting and burning the masks and as expected the ghost doctor burst into the room only to go up in flames along with his disturbing facial wear collection.  Sam sighed in relief before grabbing his flashlight.  They still had to find the kid. As the brothers made their way back down the hallway, to look for him. Sam realized something.
The night was interminable.  Dean couldn’t sleep no matter how much whiskey he downed.  Unwelcome memories swirled around him and just as soon as he was able to tamp one down, another would break free and rise up, clutching him by the throat. Most of them were just images.  Cas walking into the barn years ago, all sparks and wind and flyaway black hair.  Cas tilting his head because he didn’t understand the boys’ pop culture references. Cas choking out a goodbye speech after Ramiel stabbed him with Michael’s lance.  Ah, that last one.  Dean tipped the last of the whiskey into his plastic motel cup.  Throwing his head back, he downed the cup in seconds.  He looked at the empty bottle for a moment before hurling as hard as he could against the wall.  Then he fell, face first onto the bed, burying his face in the pillow, screaming with rage and sorrow and desperation. He screamed until he had no breath left and then fell into a deep, blessedly dreamless sleep.
In the hallway, Jack listened as the brothers shouted at each other.  Sam’s voice was low and measured as he tried to reason with Dean.  Dean’s responses seemed to drip with venom and hate.  Jack shivered, hearing Dean accuse Sam of wanting to use him and pretending to care.  Was that true? Was Sam only pretending to care? Was his kindness an act? And then he heard Dean shout his father’s name.  Jack was startled to hear how laden with pain Dean’s voice sounded.  He could do nothing but stand there, listening as the argument came to a head.  He wished for thousandth time that someone could help him, guide him.  He was lost and confused and the brothers’ yelling frightened him.  Desperately he looked up and whispered a name.
“Yeah, yeah I hear you.  Thank you, Jody.”
Dean swallows thickly, trying to decide what to do. The Entity’s taunts echo in his mind and confuse him and he’s lost and alone until he hears Meg’s whiskey voice say Cas’s name and he remembers how he always hated hearing her say it in life. That tiny spark of resentment rekindles the fire of hope in him and as the Meg-faced monster approaches him, he does the only thing he can think to do. He drops to his knees and prays.
“Let me tell you about John Constantine, then.  Brother, you are in for a treat.” Cas smiled at her.
“I’m Castiel,”
“Cas, I…” He swallowed hard. “I wanna tell… I mean, I wanna say…”  He flung his head back and covered his eyes with an arm.  “Fuck, why is this so hard?”
“I need you to keep the faith for both of us,” Dean had said, his eyes flashing with pain.  And Sam had agreed.  But at what cost? Could he actually do it? Could he bury his own pain and sorrow deep enough to carry them both? For a moment, Sam felt a hard, ugly ball of resentment rise in his chest.
Sam took a deep breath.
Sam continued talking but now Dean was picturing Missouri, herself.  That knowing smile of hers. He couldn’t help smile a bit himself thinking of how she’d threatened him with a wooden spoon if he put his feet on her table.  But now Sam was saying something about putting Jody on the case so they could stay and help the kid. Fucking fantastic.  Brilliant goddam plan Sam.  Let’s lose some more people we care about because of this little shit.  He shook his head as Sam insisted Jody could handle Missouri’s case.
“I read your mind, such as it is,” the entity replied, disdainfully.
“Yeah Sam, I’m fine. Everything’s fine.” Dean turned, trying to hide his face from the splash of light the open door threw across his bed, but it was no use. He’d might as well get up. Sam was gonna stand there with that concerned expression forever and besides, he needed to piss. Wearily he swung his legs out of the bed and pulled himself up. God, the hangover was intense. He felt like someone had put his brain in a blender. Abruptly he remembered Cas under the attack dog spell saying he felt like was inside a blender set to puree for a tomato salsa.
, he thought to himself, at least they have liquor. He flung himself down onto a stool at the bar and ordered a double shot of whiskey.  With a grimace, he tossed the amber liquid back, slammed the glass down and signaled to the bartender for another.  Across the room he could see a dancer watching him and he knew it would only be moments before she was next to him offering to take his mind off his problems with a dance.  And he was absolutely right. Before he could down his second round of whiskey, there she was, brushing her fingertips over his chest.
Dean was silent as they traveled through and out of the sleeping town to the fields that surrounded it.  After several miles, Dean pulled the Impala onto a small, gravelly offshoot of the main road and killed the engine.  They sat there together, Dean and Cas, for a moment, in the soft dark, Baby’s headlights the only light for miles.  Then Dean spoke.
, he begged.
This won’t, can’t banish them forever
“Shh,” Dean reassured him, hooking his thumbs into his own boxers and pulling them down.  “Wanna feel you, Cas.  All of you.” Cas nodded, slipping off his own, his thick, hard cock bobbing slightly as he freed it.  Dean held out his hand and reached his other hand around the back of Cas’s head, tightening his fingers into Cas’s thick hair, and pulling him forward.
“Yes, I believe I do,” he growled.  “Now take these pants OFF.” Dean wasted no time obeying this obvious command, stripping himself of his jeans, socks and boots in no time.  Now that they were both clad in nothing but boxer briefs, Dean felt an attack of shyness sweep over him and he ducked his head to the side, bashfully.
“Okay,” Sam acquiesced.  “But why is it so hard? I’ve seen you throw people across the room.  I’ve been thrown across the room by you.  I’ve seen you open a Gate to Hell.  And now nothing? It doesn’t make any sense.”
Dean’s smile was sad and Jody’s heart broke at little at the sight.  She’d come to love these hunter boys as her own.  Like all hunters, they were fierce and violent when need be, but there was a vulnerability to them that had touched Jody’s mother’s heart.  Those motherless boys had cut straight through the softest part of her and she ached, seeing one of them in this much pain.  She wanted to demand that Dean pull the car over immediately and hold him until he’d cried himself out but she knew that Dean wouldn’t, couldn’t allow himself to break in front of anyone.  She squeezed his shoulder again and Dean let out a soft, quavering breath.
“Um, yeah. It is.” He answered, hesitating slightly.
“What do you want?” Cas asked wearily.  The entity fairly rippled with anger.  Cas tried desperately to get his bearing as it explained that Cas staying awake meant it had to stay awake and it
“Or you could send us back. Send us back and we’ll leave you in peace.”
Then without warning, Dean sat bolt upright panting, eyes wide and streaming.  Sam sat back on his heels and let the flood of relief wash over him.
“We think the fact that you’re not actually an angel or demon will keep you from being put to sleep. Once you’re there, you’ll have to try to find Cas. I don’t know how but this is the best idea I’ve got. It’s the only idea. And truthfully I kind of hate it. But if there’s a chance, Dean…. I know what Cas means to you. I mean I love him too. He’s family but… I know…” Dean looks away as Sam trails off and then clears his throat. “So whaddya think? It’s up to you, Dean. You’re the one who has to pull it off.”
“Not really.” Sam rested his head in hand wearily. With his other hand he pushed back the curtain of hair that threatened to hide his face from his surrogate mother. “Jody, what am I gonna do? Dean’s drowning. He can’t cope with this. All he does is drink and sleep. And break shit. And there’s Jack to worry about. A goddam week old teenager. With fucking superpowers.
Suddenly a shrill tone cut through the silence, startling Sam awake.
“Oh save it,” the creature sneered. “I have tiptoed through all your little tulips. Your memories, your little feelings, yes? I know what you hate. I know who you love and what you fear. There is nothing back there for you.”  Cas felt his heart drop to his feet at the mention of who he loved and what he feared.  So he hadn’t been able to hide it after all.  And it was like an iron band around his chest to hear the entity say there was nothing back there for him.  Oh, it was good alright.  It had reached into the most secret parts of his mind and plucked out those thoughts as easily as picking an apple from a tree.  And now it presented him with those secret haunts, neatly polished and sharpened into a weapon to cut him down.  The entity grasped Castiel’s head and his mind was flooded with images and memories.  All of the worst things he could remember, losing his grace to Metatron, opening Purgatory, drowning in the reservoir.  More and more horrible memories flowed from the creature’s fingers into his mind.  Until the last thing he saw was Dean’s hands gently rolling him over after he’d nearly died trying to return the souls to Purgatory.  That was a mistake on the entity’s part.  Because then he remembered promising Dean he’d make it up to him.  He remember when he’d been lost and confused as Emmanuel and Dean had found him and brought him back.  And he remembered that Dean had kept the trench coat, in case he’d come back.  He remembered that Dean had hoped he’d come back.  He gritted his teeth and tried to stand.
Jack could feel the confusion and fear coming from Sam and suddenly he thought to himself.  This is how people will always see me.  This is what I am.  A monster.  Evil.
Jack had been very receptive to Kelly’s video and Sam felt a sense of relief.  The kid was so intense, Sam felt perpetually poised on the edge of flight or fight every minute he spent with him.  He supposed he couldn’t really blame the poor kid.  Whether or not he was the most powerful being on the planet, he was still only a week or so old.  Sam couldn’t imagine how confusing and frightening this all must be for him.  Nevertheless, he was basically a confused and frightened nuclear bomb and Sam wasn’t entirely certain he would be able to defuse him.  Now, in the kitchen he opened the refrigerator, pulled out Jody’s lasagna and looked at the post-it note fixed to the tinfoil covering the pan.
“Lebanon, Kansas,” he replied.  “But I’m sorry, I think you have me confused with someone else.  My name isn’t Constantine.”
“Hello?” he called out again, louder this time.  The flicker began to grow steadily into a flame that raced down his bones.  “Hello? Hello?”  Behind him, a ripple pulsed across the inky darkness.  Castiel didn’t notice the ripple, nor did he see when the ripple pulsed again, stronger this time and a shape like an arm rose out of it.  The pool of darkness continued to pulse and writhe as it rose up, slowly forming a humanoid body.  The creature turned its faceless visage toward the angel.  Cas felt a chill go down his spine and spread across the bones of his hidden wings.  Suddenly, he was certain he was no longer alone.
“It’s okay.  Shh.  I’m here now.  I’m okay,” he whispered reassuringly.  He pulled Dean Close, tucking his head against his bare shoulder and running his fingers through his hair lovingly.  He hummed along with the song again.
“Get that stupid fucking trench coat off, Cas,” he growled.  CAS obliged, shrugging out of not only his trench coat but his suit coat as well.  Dean shucked off his leather jacket, tossing it behind him out of the car onto the grass.  He reached down and grabbed CAS’s blue tie, pulling him up into a searing kiss.  Cas moaned into his mouth and slid his hands across Dean’s shoulders pushing at the unbuttoned flannel shirt.  Dean dropped his arms and let Cas push the shirt off.  He grabbed the tie again, loosening it this time and sliding it off.  Cas’s long, deft fingers trembled across the hem of Dean’s t-shirt and Dean ducked his head slightly to allow Cas to pull the shirt up and over his head.
“Sorry,” he said. “Are you going anywhere near Lebanon?”
The noises were still there. Dean could mostly push them out of his mind but they were still there. He wanted them to shut up. He wanted to go back to sleep. No, not sleep. Because sleep had
“This is your favorite?” Dean smiled at him, touching Cas’s lips softly as he continued to hum along. “Why?”
“What the fuck do you want?” he hissed. The kid’s eyes widened.
“What are you?” he asked.
All the way home, Dean considered the different advice he and Jody had given to Patience.  The girl was gifted, there was no doubt about that, but look what being a gifted psychic had done for Missouri.  Murdered by a wraith.  An ignoble end, he thought.  If she hadn’t been in the life, she probably be safe and sound right now, still on good terms with her son, able to be a doting grandma to Patience.  He shook his head thinking of all the crap he’d seen this hunter’s life dole out to so many people over the years, of all the people he’d watched die.  Pamela.  Jo and Ellen. Rufus. Bobby. Kevin. Charlie. In his head his envisioned a different life for each of them.  He saw Pamela managing a rock and roll band.  Ellen and Jo running a regular bar without a hunter clientele.  Rufus a grumpy old curmudgeon, hollering at kids to stay off his lawn.  Bobby puttering around his salvage yard, fixing classic cars.  Charlie gleefully hacking video games and distributing them to the masses for free.  If only, he thought to himself.  Patience should take his advice and get as far away from this shit as possible. So should Jody, come to think of it.  She ought to go back to Sioux Falls and lock Claire and Alex in their rooms and refuse to let them out until they agreed to stay out of this life forever. Fat chance of that happening, he knew.  Jody would hunt and Claire would hunt and Alex would get dragged into it and pretty soon he’d be standing by a funeral pyre watching them go up in smoke, just like…
“How is she?”
.  For a long minute, he sat there, glaring at the pencil in the corner, then he sighed, the fight draining from him.  Wearily, he pushed himself away from the table and crossed the room.  He sat down in the corner, next to the pencil and dropped his head to his knees. The next thing he knew, Sam’s heavy footsteps were echoing in the hall and he could hear Sam shouting his name.  The hunter fairly flew into the room, his eyes wide and his voice thick with panic.
Sam took a deep breath and answered cautiously.
So he does. He opens his mouth and it all comes pouring out. What kind of deal Cas made. The things he said about Dean. What he confessed. How Dean can still see that rippling inky dark creep across his proud, teary, smiling face. How he sees it every time he closes his eyes and then again when he opens them. How he’ll never stop seeing it.
I love you
“Release me,” Castiel crowded right into the entity’s space.  He was no longer afraid.  He focused his mind to one single thought, a light that flung itself into every corner of his mind, banishing the dark.
“It’d make sense if I’m evil,” he said in a small voice, unable to meet Sam’s eyes.
“Alright,” it replied.  “I’ll wrack it for you.” His double slammed its hand down over Castiel’s forehead and Cas screamed in pain and dropped to his knees.  He could actually feel long fingers dig through his brain.  Desperately he scrambled to hide his most precious, most private thoughts, but he could feel those snaking, sneaking digits prying open every hidden corner of his mind. Every shameful failure, every cherished moment, every secret desire laid bare to this invader. When it finally retreated, Castiel was left a broken rag doll, gasping on his hands and knees.
, he thought.
but I know that I love you so.
“What?” he asked. “What do you mean, fake it?”
“I’m already saved.” This time he didn’t even feel the entity’s kick.  “And you can prance and you can preen, and you can scream and yell and remind me of my failings but somehow I’m awake.  And I will stay awake and I will keep you awake until we both go insane.” The entity struck him hard across the face but Castiel focused his thoughts on Dean, his face, his hands, the long line of his back, the way his legs bowed. He pushed himself to his feet.  “I will fight you and fight you and fight you forever. For eternity.”
“Why?”
Dean’s breath suddenly choked him and he balled his hands to fists again. Sam noticed and took a step forward, hand outstretched. Dean brushed past him, roughly and Sam let him pass silently. Dean could feel his eyes on him all the way down the hall. Once in the bathroom, Dean relieved his aching bladder. When had been the last time he’d pissed for chrissake? He washed his hands and splashed water on his face, rubbing a wet hand over the back of his neck. Then he raised his eyes to the mirror and looked at the wreck he’d let himself become. Unbidden, another memory of Cas surfaced. Cas, unexpectedly, amazingly, back from Purgatory. Dean could see him, his muddy coat, his scruffy face. That beard. He remembered finding him in that hell, grabbing him, pulling him close. He remembered touching that beard softly. The relief he’d felt at finally finding him. The joy. Dean gripped the sink and stifled the howl rising in his chest. His hands tightened on the sink so hard he thought he might crush the porcelain. He could no longer meet his own eyes in the mirror. Outside of the door he heard a sound. He flung the door open.
“Have I ever let you down?”
“Cas, if you can turn me, you can have whatever you want. But since there’s no way that’s happening, you just start thinking about where you wanna go for that date. Deal?” Dean held out his hand for Cas to shake, only having to wait a moment before Cas firmly grasped it. For just a split second, Dean saw that same smirk touch Cas’ face and then it was gone.
“I haven’t really thanked you, ya know?” Dean started, glancing up at Cas for just a second because he knew he wouldn’t be able to withstand that intense  stare for more than a second or two. “You’ve been really cool about the Michael stuff and-“
“And what if I turn you? What’s in it for me? I should probably get more than just you picking up after yourself if a date is your prize,” Cas asked, still posted up in the doorway, backpack hanging off one shoulder. Dean huffed a laugh as he pulled himself off of his bed and shot Cas a cocky grin.
Dean pulled his phone out and called Charlie as he ran through the doors and out onto the campus grounds keeping an eye out for lingering zombies looking to pick off humans leaving the building.
“Do you want to know what I decided I want if I win the bet,” Cas asked, stepping directly into Dean’s space.
“C’mon guys… I’m busy here,” Dean hissed.
Dean sometimes felt bad that Cas hadn’t seen or heard from his mom since he started college but at least his older brother Gabriel kept in touch since he was in a similar state of exile. Dean had even met the man early last summer when Gabe was passing through for some reason or another. The man was very secretive and the visit was an experience.
“What do you bet?”
Heaving a sigh, Dean dragged his fingers through his hair and debated telling Charlie about the whole situation. It seemed like the gates had been metaphorically opened when he told Cas the story the night before and refused to close again, which was exactly what Dean had been trying to avoid.
“No, I do. I really do. I don’t say it enough but you’re always there for me. You’ve always got my back, even when I’m being an idiot. I know you always remind me that I’m an idiot after the fact but when it matters, you’re always on my side. So thank you,” Dean said, gripping the back of his chair and staring at the worn fabric under his fingers like if he looked hard enough, he might uncover the secret to untwisting the anxious knot in his stomach. Instead, Dean’s stomach continued to twist as he idly scratched at the fabric in silence.
“Number two: if you two assholes aren’t together by the end of the night, I’m going to personally kick your ass.”
“Alright, here’s your bells,” Charlie said, holding her hand out. The jester cap lay on her bed with a seam ripper next to it. Dean was not surprised that Charlie had brought her full sewing kit this year. He had heard enough of her complaints last year about not being able to properly patch a rip that had formed during one of their battles.
“You’ve reached the voicemail of Dean Winchester-“
“The rest of the year.”
“Don’t you dare-”
“Thanks, Chuckles!” he called back to her as he tossed the bandolier over his head and into place over one shoulder.
Dean knew that Michael wouldn’t be very far behind now, it was possible he was already on the move again. He couldn’t worry about that now though. Dean now had only a single goal.
“Come on you voyeurs, let’s leave ‘em to it and celebrate. We can bug them all we want in the morning while we nurse some hangovers,” Meg promised, herding the small crowd down the hall with the help of Charlie. A chorus of good byes and teasing catcalls were thrown back as Meg turned back to mouth ‘you owe me’. Dean stared after her, completely stunned.
“And what exactly am I thanking you for again?” Dean asked, quickly backing himself up against the side of the building to avoid being snuck up on. For all he knew, this was just a ploy to catch him off guard. Meg rolled her eyes before continuing.
“Dean. This isn’t- I was just-“
“Well… I did kinda, in a way… maybe ask him out on a date?”
“How d’ya think I almost caught ya las’ time. I know all the hidin’ spots, cher,” Benny grinned back with a wink. Dean rolled his eyes and huffed a laugh as Ash cleared his throat and Max wolf whistled, earning him an elbow to the gut from his sister.
"I haven't- I'm not- No… No, he doesn't." Michael sputtered, looking away angrily.
“Shaddup… You’re both assholes…”
Charlie rested her hand on his arm again, speaking softly like she was soothing a frightened animal. Close enough…
“That was pretty stupid.”
“Sure thing, buddy. Better go get her before she thinks you’re standing her up,” Dean grumbled, barely managing to slap what he hoped was a passable smile on his face. Cas hesitated for a moment before standing, an unreadable expression flashing behind his eyes.
“Hey, since we’re gunna be here for a bit, I have a scandal to share before we get to the table,” Dean said, checking over his shoulder to check for his friends in case they weren’t already seated.
“In fact, I’m not going to go after anyone else, Jo was my only target for today.” Cas pulled the bandana off of his head and folded it up neatly before pocketing it.
“I mean, you did too though, right? Were you actually following me the whole time?”
“Jo, what the fuck?” Dean sighed. Knew that was too good to be true…
“It’s not getting to me, I just wanna get moving,” Dean lied, unconvincing to his own ears. Benny and Charlie both raised their eyebrows at him as the three of them were shuffled forward by a group of newcomers.
“Hey, it’s totally a word!”
“Excuse me! Coming through!”
Dean spent the rest of the lunch hour getting as much rest as he could before he would have to go back to being hunted between classes. He really wasn’t looking forward to any of that. If the morning was anything to go by, it would be a long, long day. And that wasn’t even taking the night game into account.
“Alright, alright. Any objections to heading for the library by way of parking lot? No? Sweet.” Ash nodded his approval and tossed a few wayward locks of hair back over his shoulder as he turned back to the room which had been steadily gaining volume.
Grabbing a slice of pizza each from the pizza bar, they purchased their lunches and set out into the sea of tables to find the rest of the group. Benny and Jo were sitting at a table in their usual corner, only noticing the new arrivals once Dean had barked out “better luck next year, Jo!”
“We’ve run into her twice now. She came after Dean and me on our way to  the science building,” Charlie said.
“Wonder how that happened,” Dean murmured as he chased Cas’ lips. They lazily traded kisses before a series of buzzes reminded Dean that he still had his phone in his hand.
Once more, Dean paused.
Then the stillness was broken as Cas sat up to pull his shirt off and Dean was struck senseless by the stretch of bare skin above him. Cas’ hand moved to the hem of Dean’s shirt and he paused as if waiting for Dean’s approval. Dean scrambled to help, his hands bumping into Cas’ clumsily. Finally, the shirt was flung across the room and then Cas’ lips were back on Dean’s. His hands naturally moved to Cas’ waist and the content hum from Cas only encouraged him. Before Dean could even worry about things getting a little too heated, a pounding from the door broke them apart.
“You have planning sessions? Why do I feel like I’ve vastly underestimated what I’ve gotten myself into..?” He muttered under his breath.
When Dean returned, his coffee was the perfect temperature and Cas was gone.
It turned out that it was easy for Dean to forget about updating a text thread concerning his recently changed zombie infection status when he had nearly six feet of tousled hair, blue eyed, sex on legs dragging him back to a dorm room. And then it was six feet of tousled hair, blue eyed, sex on legs kissing him breathless against the closed door of their room. And then, because the adrenaline and exertion of the past week was finally getting to him, Dean had dragged said tousled hair, blue eyed, sex on legs to his bed. That’s the only reason. No ulterior motives, nope.
“Huh, yeah I wonder why that is? Couldn’t possibly be because my roommate has basically declared war and neglected to tell me that he’s a freakin’ ninja.”
“We’re clear for now. Let’s drop this off and hunker down in a bush for a minute,” Dean suggested, keeping his voice low as they ducked into the shadows. Charlie only nodded, clearly exhausted but the amount of running they’d had to do tonight. They had already dropped off two packages and they still had about 15 minutes left in the game according to the timer Dean had set on his phone. It should be plenty of time to complete one more delivery before the end of the game.
Two classes later, Dean was still in a pretty foul mood as he stomped his way back to the dorm.  No amount of throwing himself into his work or fiddling around on his phone under the table had been able to distract him from the mental image of Meg’s hand on Cas’ arm, so now he was taking it out on any zombies unfortunate enough to look his way. Socks flew with impunity and Dean only bothered picking up about half of them. Someone else would snag them.
“I’m sorry it took me until now to tell you. I didn’t realize you felt the same way and the last thing I wanted to do was ruin our friendship. But then you chose a date for your side of the bet and I realized that maybe I could have this,” Cas said, leaning in to place a single gentle kiss on Dean’s lips.
Dean, Charlie, and Benny stood in the student center along with the 50 or so other humans that also decided to come to the night event and waited as the remaining 10 minutes until 7 PM rolled around. While not nearly all of the participating humans were attending, the room was pretty packed. The atmosphere was almost electric, a nervous hum that made relaxing at the various tables or cushy armchairs impossible. Dean reveled in it. He bounced lightly on his toes, taking stock of their numbers. It seemed like there were more humans this year. Either more people had joined in this time around or the zombies were being given a run for their money. Either way, it was good for the humans. The more people they had, the easier these events would go.
“It sounds like it. I’m actually about to head over to her room now to discuss tactics for the event tonight.”
“Do you want me to take the map?”
Dean looked up and saw Professor Adler standing by the door checking his watch impatiently. Dean switched back over to his messages with Cas as he stood, resisting the urge to roll his eyes.
Before going to bed the night before, Dean and Cas had come to an agreement. In order to make this a fair bet, several additional rules were in play:
“Yeah, real shame,” Dean mumbled as he carefully started stepping back away from Cas, mind racing to figure out how the hell he could get away. He knew that if he didn’t meet up with Charlie within a couple minutes, she would leave without him under the assumption that he had hit trouble. At least she might get to class uninfected but it was looking less and less likely that Dean would. Cas looked back up, apparently having noticed Dean distancing himself, and pocketed his phone, still leaning against the building.
The whole group nodded and started pointing out various problem points in the routes, areas that led to pinch points or dead ends. Cas even mentioned a lesser used hallway in one of the buildings that may be able to be used for a quick getaway since it led away from the center of campus and Dean made sure to mark it. Charlie, Benny, and Jo also ran through the various spots they had gotten ‘infected’ in the past so they could learn from their past mistakes.
“Oooh, you have some juicy drama? Spill,” She breathed, clearly way too into the idea of gossip.
“Dark brown hair, always wearing that leather jacket, reminds ya’ of a Rottweiler in the body of a Pomeranian?”
Also, just a note, I went back and added an additional paragraph to chapter 1 to help flesh out some ideas in the later chapters. For those who you like to jump back for that, it’s the second half of the paragraph that starts with “When junior year rolled around…” For those who you’ll just like a tl;dr, it basically establishes that Dean was been out and proud with his bisexuality and had been turning down dates because of how he feels about Cas.
“I don’t care what Clarence says, you are definitely not as smart as he gives you credit for. Really? Nothing sticks out to you? Maybe a certain diversion from last night?”
“Gotta watch out for stairways, lotta blind spots,” Benny said solemnly.
“How did this happen? Did he say yes? Wait, did he say no..? Is that why you snapped today?” Charlie carefully pulled back from gleeful excitement to cautious neutrality. Dean leaned back into the futon and ran a hand through his hair nervously. He had honestly forgotten that Cas had agreed to the conditions of their bet. He wouldn’t have if he wasn’t interested, right?
“She’s not my enemy. Actually, she’s not yours either,” Cas countered with another barely hidden smug smile.
They split off at the stairwell as Charlie got off on the second floor and Dean went up to the third. Three classes and then lunch. So far so good.
“Aren’t coffee makers included in the list of appliances not allowed in dorm rooms?” Cas questioned, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes as he accepted a mug from Dean. A decently sized coffee maker now sat on the corner of his cluttered desk along with a mostly full gallon jug of water that he used to fill it. Cas raised an eyebrow, apparently just now seeing the three other jugs stored under the desk.
“Move aside,” Michael sneered, his patience with Cas’ interference at a new low.
“Not a chance. I gotta win a bet,” Dean grinned back. Cas raised an eyebrow and his smile grew almost imperceptibly.
2. Dean was not allowed to skip classes.
“Charlie, Benny, and Jo will be stopping by tomorrow for a planning session. You’ll be around, right?” Dean asked as he flopped back onto his bed, starting up a text conversation with the whole group. Cas quirked an eyebrow as he passed by to prep his bag for the next morning.
“Hey, East?” Dean asked, catching Benny’s and Charlie’s attention. Charlie nodded back immediately.
“Hey, I don’t hate running, I just don’t do it unless I’m being chased, which in this case, I am,” Dean corrected, swinging his bag on to his bed as he collapsed into his own desk chair across from Cas, who swiveled to face him.
The next evening all five of them huddled on the floor of Dean and Cas' dorm around hand drawn maps on large poster paper that Charlie had purchased from the school store and then laminated so they could be reusable. Dean had a set of five dry erase markers, each color assigned to a different person and began marking whose classes were where and the best paths to get there.
Dean huffed and went back to dragging his fingers though the mess of soft hair. It was therapeutic in a way and Dean found himself relaxing to the point of closing his eyes. The silence was comfortable and Dean could have fallen asleep, fully clothed and on top of the blankets, but then Cas lifted his head.
“Yes.” Cas pulled the balled up sock out of Dean’s hand and let it drop to the ground.
“I know your policy on chick flick moments but I’m here if you want to talk,” she said softly, taking a seat next to him on the futon.
“Are you really that surprised? Cas has always seemed a little intense, you know?” Charlie responded from beside him, head on a swivel. “3 o’clock.”
He tossed and turned for the full 45 minutes, trapped in a cycle of hopeful excitement and glum resignation. By the time his alarm went off, he had only managed to work himself up more. Dean sat up on the edge of the bed and smacked his cheeks a few times to push the fatigue from his head.
“Oh shit!” Charlie squeaked just as Dean was about to voice his concerns and he felt a quick tap at his back further signifying trouble. Dean spun around and saw a chain of sprinting students.
Dean took a deep breath and closed his eyes, hoping he wasn’t making an enormous mistake.
“Yes, Dean. Your ‘survival’ in the ‘zombie apocalypse’ is my utmost priority,” Cas groused, complete with his trademark air quotes, which was only slightly more ridiculous with the addition of a balled up sock in each hand. Dean held back a snort of amusement and poked his head back out into the hall.
The thought that Cas could pretty easily turn Dean now hadn’t even occurred to him. Being turned by Cas was either the worst or the best thing ever. On the one hand, if there was anyone he wouldn’t be angry to be turned by, it would be Cas. On the other hand, if Cas, who had never participated before this year, turned Dean, who had a flawless record, Dean would be mortified.
“How did you know?” Cas asked, setting the map back down, jostling the bells once more. Dean yawned and propped himself up on an elbow.
“Charlie and I have a majority of our classes in the same building and our schedules mostly line up on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Benny and Cas are in a similar position. Jo is the odd one out which explains why she keeps getting infected first.” Dean chuckled at the indignant look on her face at that remark. “But Cas has classes pretty close to yours on Tuesdays and Thursdays so you’ll have a buddy if you can make it through Monday.”
“Well, in that case, feel free to complain anytime,” He said, pouring some sugar into his mug from the container on the corner of Dean’s desk.
“Dean! Three o’clock!” Charlie hissed as she took off at a run.
“I promise, by the end of the night, you will understand just how much you mean to me.”
"Of course, Dean,” Cas said softly from behind him. Dean breathed a sigh of relief as the tension he hadn't noticed building in his chest unwound. He shot Cas a quick thankful smile over his shoulder. Once again, Dean was reminded why Cas was so easily his best friend. The guy was always mindful of Dean's limits and even when he misjudged those limits, he knew exactly when to step back and give Dean the space he needed.
“No more routes through the quad,” Dean agreed as he slowly stood back up. “I knew it was pushing it but I thought we’d be okay.”
"Jesus, dude. Does he know that you've been chasing after me like some freaking puppy?" Dean asked with a shocked laugh.
“Hey, assbutt!” Cas called as he hurled a sock, hitting Michael in the side of the head. Dean was stunned.
“Nuh uh, you let me finish. He looks at you like you hung the moon. You two spend all of your free time together. He comes home with you over the summers. You’re telling me you don’t think he knows how you feel about him?”
Cas leaned back into Dean’s space, pausing just as his lips ghosted against Dean’s.
“What do you want?”
“That sounds good to me,” Cas said, sitting back at his desk to sip his coffee.  “Thank you, Dean.”
Dean felt a second wind come on. If he could hold out just a little longer.
“Dean, it’s okay. I’ve kinda had a feeling for a while about it and I didn’t want to push you on it but then this happened and… I just want you to know that you can talk to me.”
“Thank you for telling me that Dean. I’m glad I haven’t overstepped. I have been a little concerned about that if I’m honest,” Cas said, looking sheepish for once. Dean huffed a laugh.
Dean finished off the last of his coffee and started getting dressed, for once not as reluctant to lose the comfy robe he wore during the cooler months because it meant that it was almost time to go. By the time Dean was finished dressing in his standard jeans, Henley, and flannel combo, Cas was too. He nodded approvingly at the dark wash jeans and black band tee (which might have been one of Dean’s?
“Cas?!?”
“Not yet but don’t make this the year.”
Dean sprinted on but took a quick look over his shoulder to see the extra zombies they had picked up splitting off but Michael was still persistently gaining. Now was the time to fight.
Dean hesitated before continuing.
Dean turned back around, tugged his robe tighter, and focused way too intently on Charlie’s laminated map that he had spread out on the foot of his bed.
“I don’t suppose you’ll just let me catch you now, will you?” Cas asked with a wry smile.
“Anyways, I just wanted to say thanks and stuff. See ya round,” Dean said, grabbing his tray and standing. He decided he was very much done with this conversation. He didn’t care how much in her debt he was, she still annoyed the shit out of him.
“Jesus, Cas. What the fuck. Gunna give me a heart attack,” Dean breathed, lowering his arm.
“Ummm,” Dean’s mouth was instantly dry as he struggled to form any coherent thought. Maybe Cas was still in the game. Maybe this wasn’t a bust after all. The idea of being hunted by Cas suddenly sprung into his mind and the game became so much more alluring.
“Is that a problem?” Cas asked, his thumb drifting across Dean’s wrist leaving a burning trail in its wake.
Dean puzzled over what kind of present Charlie could mean before shoving his phone in his pocket. He headed for the exit after locking the door to the room, checking the halls as he went. Briefly, he wondered if it was a trick to lead him straight to Cas. Based on how supportive she had been when Dean talked to her about the whole situation back on Tuesday, he didn’t think that was very likely so he decided to take her word for it.
Dean wasted no time in taking off back towards the main door. He flew down the stairs, careful not to make too much of a racket. Managing to avoid gaining the attention of the two zombies, he made a break for the door. Once he was back out onto campus, he made a beeline it for Charlie’s meeting spot, hoping that she was still there or at least was hiding nearby.
“10 minutes left,” Ash called out as Dean approached. He dropped the box onto the growing pile and ran back out into the darkness, lamenting the fact that as part of the rules for the game, they couldn’t stop to rest in the drop off zone. Just as Dean caught sight of Charlie, she frantically pointed behind him. Dean spun and saw Meg running towards him. Shit! Dean threw his only sock and Meg, ever confusing Meg, caught it and grinned. Dean pushed away the many questions that popped into his head and turned back to Charlie, who looked similarly stunned. Before he could even acknowledge the weirdness, a dark figure in a familiar dark hoodie appeared directly behind Charlie and wasted no time in pulling one of the socks from her hip.
Dean focused on destroying one of his French fries as thoroughly as humanly possible while Charlie visibly stiffened beside him. Unfortunately, his distress must have been clearly visible.
“Dean, you’re overthinking again,” Charlie said with a sharp nudge. Dean shook his head, hoping to dislodge the mental image with the physical movement. He unclenched his fists, realizing that his fingernails had been digging into his palm. Nodding his thanks, he shot Charlie a tight smile.
"Fine. I'm done. I have better things to do anyways," Michael huffed, trying to save what little pride he had left after Cas' reveal.
“Let me guess, you’re going to stay up all night to wait for him to go for it? And how are you going to manage that? It’s a night game tomorrow. You’ll need to sleep at some point. Assuming I make it to the night game, I’ll need backup too, you know.”
Cas glanced at the clock and then eyed Dean again.
1. Cas was not allowed to ambush Dean inside the dorm halls.
Every day of the apocalypse that went by got weirder and weirder. Gone were the thoughts that this year would ever be like the simple chase of years past. At the very least, Dean knew he could take Cas at his word when he said he wasn’t going to go after Charlie until the night game. He may be a sneaky bastard but he wasn’t a liar. Dean had joked with Charlie the night before that it would be a bit of a relief to only have to worry about regular zombies today. Sure, there was still Michael (and maybe Meg) to worry about but Cas was far more methodical than they were so instead of being on red alert, they were probably closer to orange.
“Speaking of...” Dean muttered to himself as he picked his phone back up from where it had been dropped onto the bed beside him, steadily buzzing with incoming texts.
“What’s wrong?” Max asked, pausing just enough to fall in next to Dean.
“Don’t you even start,” Dean said pointing angrily, like that would even faze her. As expected, her grin only widened. Then, unexpectedly, it softened.
“A date,” Dean blurted.
“Dean is unavailable at the moment. Please try again in the morning.”
“But I’m going to give you some advice. I’ve known both of you for almost two years now. In that whole time, I’ve watched both of you make heart eyes at each other.”
“Fine! 10. Spoilsports…” Jo said, turning for the stairs. Dean started pushing the door closed once more before he remembered.
He had just picked up his pencil to start and nearly jumped a foot in his chair when the door swung open. Cas paused in the doorway with an amused look.
“It’s alright, I’ll catch up with you later,” Cas said to Meg and turned back for the exit. They both watched him leave for a moment before Meg turned back to the table.
“Yeah, I mean. She helped me out twice today. But it seems like she hates my guts. It’s like whiplash, man,” Dean said looking down at his folded hands before quietly adding “Seems like she really likes you though…”
“Well this is me,” Benny said after another short minute. “You make it back safe, ya hear me?”
Dean ducked through the main doors immediately turning to run up the stairs, hoping that Michael would assume he had dashed straight through instead. Once he reached the landing, he headed for the nearest restroom and once safely locked inside, shed his jacket and shoved it into his bag. He then pulled up the hood of his zip up and tied his bandana on to his other arm. He glanced in the mirror and determined that he looked different enough to cause confusion. He then pulled out his phone and shot off two texts, the first to Charlie informing her of his slight detour and the second to Cas.
“What are you, 10? And not that it’s any of your business, but when the guy that you lo- have a crush on kisses you, you kinda prioritize that,” Dean said under his breath, silently kicking himself for his slip. Jo’s eyes widened making her look absolutely giddy. He didn’t dare glance back to see if Cas caught the admission as well but realized he probably didn’t have to since Cas was much closer than he had thought. He hadn’t heard the bed so much as rustle but goosebumps skittered up his neck and his hair stood on end as Cas slipped behind him, one arm around his shoulder and the other around his waist. The blanket Cas had commandeered was now wrapped around the both of them and Dean hadn’t realized quite how chilly the room was until he was surrounded by Cas’ warmth. Jo’s grin settled into something softer when Dean felt Cas’ chin rest on his shoulder.
He didn’t know why that bothered him so much. He didn’t want to get caught at all. He was supposed to be the undefeated champion of the apocalypse, not that it was even a title they gave out but still, it was a point of pride. Yesterday, he hadn’t even given a thought to the idea of being turned but now he was disappointed it wouldn’t be Cas that turned him? He supposed at least some part of him had decided that if anyone was going to turn him, it wouldn’t be so bad if it was Cas. Cas had somehow turned it into something more. Not just losing his streak. It was a challenge he was willing to lose just because it was Cas.
“Of course. I do have to ask though, what exactly was your plan here?” Cas said, raising an eyebrow.
“Do it anyways,” Cas breathed before diving back into the kiss. They ignored the continued pounding.
“Hey,” he gasped, “You’re okay.  You’re okay.”
“Jack, what are you doing?”
“Is that food?” Jack blinked earnestly up at Sam and Sam smiled down at him.
Dean stared at Cas laid out on the seat of his car and thought he’d never seen anything he’d wanted more.  Cas’s untamable hair was wilder than usual thanks to Dean’s own ministrations, his beautiful mouth kiss swollen and wet, his pupil’s huge, black almost swallowing the blue. He looked up at Dean and a slow smile began to break across his face.  Dean responded with a wolfish grin of his own and climbed into the car nudging CAS’s legs open to kneel between them. He could feel the tremor that shot through CAS’s body and it went straight to his dick.  He groaned and palmed himself through his ever tightening jeans.
“Hello?” Cas ventured, cautiously.  He wasn’t sure if he should call attention to himself here, in this place.  There was no answer.  He walked a few steps but the deep black emptiness seemed to go on forever in every direction and he wasn’t sure if he should be walking or standing still or just what he should be doing, so he just kept walking forward.  He’d never felt quite so uncertain in his life and a deep in his stomach he felt a flicker of panic take hold.
“I’m sorry about Missouri, Dean.” Jody’s brown eyes were warm and sympathetic. “I guess you’d known her a long time, huh?”
Watching the blush that spread over Dean’s chest and face, Cas thought he’d never seen anything so beautiful as this man, kneeling over him.  He swept his hands over Dean’s chest softly, pausing to touch a freckle here and there reverently.
“No,” the entity grimaced in horror as Castiel stepped closer and closer until they were nearly nose to nose.
“I think there’s a lot.” Sam ducked a shower of glass from an overhead light as he and Dean ran back down hall toward the staircase.  All around them, they could hear the ghosts whispering, searching for the doctor that had murdered them.
“Please?” Nora’s smile was infectious and Cas suddenly found himself telling her all about Dean. Not everything, of course, but a surprising amount, actually.  Before he quite knew what was happening, he was describing the exact shade of Dean’s green eyes and just how the freckles that dusted his nose and cheeks looked.  Their story spilled out of his mouth like water and Cas was shocked at how gratifying it felt to tell it.  How amazing it felt saying the words aloud.  Explaining how much he loved Dean and why.  Nora listened, enraptured, her eyes wide with delight, her mouth a perfect round O of exhilaration.  He talked and talked and told her almost everything. He left out the parts of the story he knew she wouldn’t believe, his species for one and his recent demise and Dean’s particular profession but when it came to his feelings for Dean, he held nothing back.  Maybe it was because she was a stranger, maybe because he was fairly certain that once the parted ways in Hastings, he’d never see her again, he didn’t know.  All he knew was that telling Nora was the most freeing thing he’d ever done and when he’d finally finished he felt lighter.  He felt the way he used to when he could stretch his wings wide and coast through the air.  He could almost feel the wind slide through his feathers. He sighed and Nora sighed at the same moment. They looked at each other and began to laugh.
. Dean let out a soft chuckle.  Of course, she’d known.  Missouri had been possibly the most gifted psychic he’d ever met.  And she’d sacrificed herself to save the ones she loved.  Suddenly he found himself growing angry at her.
“Umm, that’s kinda open, I guess? I told him he can have whatever he wants.”
Dean’s stomach flipped as Cas looked up once more, looking positively predatorial. Dean remembered that he still had one last sock clutched in his hand but in the moment, he couldn’t even consider using it. Cas stalked closer, backing Dean up until he hit the wall of the building behind him. It was fully dark now and the lamppost behind Cas just happened to sit at the perfect angle to halo him in soft orange light.
“Fuck that,” Dean growled before diving under Michael’s arm towards the stairs. Dean was surprised that had worked but was violently jarred from that thought as he was yanked backwards. He looked back and saw that Michael had grabbed hold of the bandolier.
Despite his progress, Dean was still very much stunted when it came to addressing his feelings and asking for help. He understood those shortcomings pretty clearly. It didn’t make it any easier to deal with though. But now, being surrounded by friends new and old and seeing Cas’ unspoken promise to back him up, Dean came to the conclusion that if there were any people he could trust to have his back, it was this group right here.
“I wonder…” Cas muttered to himself, though refused to break eye contact.
Dean scanned the grounds once more before he dashed out into the open, joining another human also carrying a box. The four scientists spotted them and waved them both over, giving the all clear.
Adler was notorious for his obsession to get to lunch on time so Dean was not at all surprised by the Professor’s toe tapping as he waited for Dean to shrug on his leather jacket and re-tye the bandana around his arm.
“I promise I won’t laugh.”
Cas huffed a laugh and moved over to his desk, dropping his bag on the floor as he went. Dean did his best to focus up on his work. The assignment Professor Crowley had assigned was even worse than he’d initially thought…Dean had struggled his way through the first question when he noticed that Cas was even quieter than usual. Not even the scratch of a pencil or the tapping of a keyboard. Dean looked over his shouldering curiosity and was surprised to see Cas looking at him. Cas didn’t seem to be too embarrassed at having been caught staring, instead he looked curious.
This week was different though. Instead of frisbees, there were socks and instead of Wonderwall, there were the shrieks of those being chased down by the zombie horde.  By this point, there were now more than just a couple zombies in play. Humans were easy pickings on day one when there were so many to choose from.
After the south and north teams sprinted out into the night, most of the lingering zombies had someone to chase, as evidenced by the near constant sounds of shrieks and panicked laughter in the distance. As soon as Charlie and Alicia double checked that the coast was clear, they headed out, forming a loose circle around Ash. Dean had offered to stay in the back with Max since he was fairly confident in his ability to keep his head on a swivel. He definitely hadn’t offered in part because it would be easier to check his phone from the back. Not at all.
“Jesus, Jo…” Dean sighed. Cas tilted his head up and Dean turned his phone so he could also read the flurry of texts. The illumination from the screen cast a soft glow on Cas’ features making him look nearly ethereal. Dean was completely captivated. Cas huffed a laugh against Dean’s collarbone and laid his head back down.
Surprise! It’s an epilogue! I realized that there were still a few loose threads I wanted to tie up and I got hit with the fluff bug on the way so prepare yourself.
"Are you threatening me?" Michael hissed.
“You do hafta give it to him. The two of us never saw him comin’” Benny admitted sheepishly.
“I believe that would be counterproductive to how I intend to play this game,” Cas remarked as he sat down in the chair next to Dean, folding his hands on the table and stared unblinkingly at Dean, a glint in his eyes.
“You’ve got a lot of faith in your fellow classmates here, you know?” Dean commented softly, not wanting to startle her.
“Look, I appreciate what you guys are trying to do. Charlie already gave me a pep talk today, can we stick to one chick flick moment per semester please?”
“Got it.”
“Of course, man,” Dean said instantly. Cas stared deep into Dean before smiling softly and looking down.
“What?”
“Hmm. Not a terrible plan. And if it doesn’t wake you up?”
“Wait, the same Meg that caught you, Cas?” Dean asked, his pizza halfway to his mouth for another bite. Jo raised an eyebrow at Cas.
Dean was sure he should have been able to stay up. He had been feeling twitchy with anticipation when he laid down, careful to not let it show on his face as he faked falling asleep. Various nighttime pranks on Sammy had taught him that the key to a good fake sleep was all in the face, no one ever slept with their mouth totally closed or their eyebrows furrowed. That little fact was key to Dean’s success in not getting caught by his little brother as well as catching Sammy in the act of retaliation once or twice. Learning how to push the tension out of his face was a skill he learned very early on. However, tonight he must have forced himself to relax a little too much and accidentally fell asleep. At least the bells came to the rescue.
“You know that wouldn’t stop me,” Cas said with a mischievous glint in his eye. Dean swallowed and licked his lip to catch the ketchup he could feel on the corner of his mouth. And maybe he decided to draw it out just a second longer than normal to see if Cas would notice. The blue eyes flicking down and quickly back up again sent a thrill of success down his spine.
“If you’re gunna keep sneaking around, sure. I wouldn’t complain.”
The words on the screen in front of Dean were complete gibberish. He’d been staring at it for exactly 34 minutes, re-reading the same line over and over. He knew because after every attempt to read the line, he’d glance at the clock in the bottom corner to see if another minute had passed. His eyes were starting to burn so he decided to give up. He closed the laptop and rubbed the dryness away, hissing as it got worse before fading.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Cas! Dean! So far so good!” Charlie grinned looking chipper as always, her bright red hair pulled up into a ponytail to keep it out of the way.
“Whatever you say, Dean,” Cas said, waving a hand over his shoulder as he shuffled across the questionably stained, aged carpet back to his own side of the room to sip his coffee from the ‘comfort’ of his desk chair. Dean really did try not to indulge in a quick sweep over the retreating form of his roommate. It wasn’t his fault that the orange boxer briefs left very little to the imagination.
Dean cleared his throat and opened the door to look out into the hallway of the dorm after Cas, having caught Dean’s wandering gaze, lifted a questioning eyebrow. “Yeah, you’re ready. Keep close, eyes up. Remember, I’m trusting you to keep an eye for me too.” Dean paused as a group of three girls, each with armbands marking them as human, tiptoed down the connecting hallway to his right that led to the stairs. He turned back to Cas and and settled him with what he hoped was a sufficiently serious glare. “I’ll never let you forget it if you’re the reason I get turned this year.”
) with one of his heavier zip-up hoodies over top. Clearly he hadn’t bothered with a comb because his hair was the usual just-rolled-out-of-bed mess. Dean felt that familiar pull to run his fingers through it just to help him tame it a little but as usual, shoved his hands in his pockets and deflected.
“Sure, that light might be out but the south side of campus is lit pretty well in general, more roads. I think we should swing north instead.”
“Well, I don’t know about this guy,” Max said, gesturing towards Jesse, “but I’m in.”
“Oh, nuh uh, you had yours already,” Dean scolded, quickly snatching up the burger and taking a huge bite.
Thanks once more for all the kudos and comments! They make my day! And as always, thanks to my beta Kit! You rock!
“Dean Winchester, not the smartest idea you’ve had today. Seems to be a habit for you, bad decisions,” Michael chided, grinning like a shark as he waited to see what Dean’s next move would be. Just as Dean was debating throwing the second sock or trying to make a break for it, Cas snuck up behind Michael from seemingly out of nowhere.
“I kinda forgot! Sue me!”
“I hope ya know what your doin’ brotha’,” Benny yelled from behind him.
Dean and Charlie had only just arrived at their last classes before lunch and they already had three near misses with Michael under their belts. The first involved Michael waiting outside Dean’s dorm hall that morning forcing Dean to go out the back door instead. The second was 15 minutes later when they were approaching the science building. Michael had appeared out of nowhere during their final dash to the door. It was only due to Charlie’s incredible aim that they had made it out of that one.
The final angry hisses of the coffee maker sputtering out the last of the water caught their attention and pulled them apart. Maybe it was just Dean reading into it too deeply but he swore Cas’ fingers lingered on his waist before he stepped back, almost reluctant to leave. Dean cleared his throat before turning to pour them both a mug.
“I’m going to take this now, Dean,” Cas stated, his eyes once more staring into the depths of Dean’s soul. Dean welcomed it. It felt like home.
“Hey, uh… Cas?” Dean ground out after clearing his throat.
Thank you to my beta Kit for the ever helpful editing!
Here we are! The final chapter! And what a better day to post it than on Cas’ birthday! Thank you to everyone one who commented and left kudos, they really sustained me through writing this! One more thank you to my beta Kit who helped tremendously along the way!
“One reason. Adam,” Cas said simply. Michael’s eyes went wide and the blood drained from his face before he regained control of his features.
“Hey, lover boy,” Meg called out. Dean turned and nearly fumbled the sock that had been tossed to him. Dean didn’t think, this was his one shot. He took his chances and threw. His jaw dropped as it hit Michael square in the chest. He’d been so focused on getting to Dean as quickly as possible that he lost the ability to dodge. This theory was proven when he was forced to jump out of the way as Michael struggled to skid to a stop. Dean decided it would probably be a good idea to hold off on celebrating until the game was over and he got back to the dorm.
"So… Final day, you ready?" Dean asked, sidestepping Cas’ question as he swung his legs out of bed and stretched once more. Somehow, Cas seemed to take that as an answer in itself and leaned back in his chair, a smug smile in place.
“I apologize for pulling Dean away for the night, Jo. Dean and I have had a lot to talk about and I felt it would be best if we didn’t put it off,” Cas explained diplomatically. “In fact, we still have more to discuss so we will see you tomorrow.”
Even with the combination of the sock bandolier and the ethically (dark) gray text thread, Dean’s morning was stressful as hell. He was able to completely avoid Michael, who according to the group, was getting more and more agitated as the day went on. He was not as lucky with the other zombies. Or Cas… Over the course of the morning, he had been ambushed 4 times, thrown at least a dozen socks, and was late to two of his three classes. But he was still human, and that was possibly thanks to Cas. Three times Cas had started chasing after him and three times he had broken off as another group of zombies closed in and threatened to catch him first. On one occasion, Cas seemed to have taken inspiration from Meg and “accidentally” bumped into a particularly quick pursuer, knocking them off course.
If Dean was honest, his life revolved around Cas now. It wasn’t something he consciously decided, it just happened. He had begged his mom that first winter break to let Cas come back with him for the holiday since he had nowhere else to go. Or at least, nowhere that didn’t involve a toxic parent. After Dean had explained the situation, his mom had voiced no objections to having an extra mouth to feed. On the last day of winter break, she had pulled Dean aside and told him that Cas was more than welcome to stay the summer if needed too. From then on, Dean had never spent more than a weekend away from his best friend. Those sporadic weekends that Cas spent with Gabriel were among the longest in his life.
“Yeah, okay, fine. But I’m expecting the whole story tomorrow over breakfast. I’m not afraid to pound on your door again if you’re not up by 9 tomorrow.”
“Wait, Jo!” Dean called after her, pulling away from Cas’ warmth to hang out the open doorway. She turned back around and lifted an eyebrow questioningly.
“It’s embarrassing.”
Dean flew around the turn and down the next set of stairs, one hand gliding over the railing to keep him steady and the other grabbing another sock from the bandolier. Judging by the sound of pounding footfalls behind him, Dean wasn’t going to make it to the bottom floor before Michael caught up. His only hope would be to try and hit him on one of the upcoming landings. Dean figured he actually had better odds than usual in the enclosed stairwell. Grabbing one more sock from the bandolier, he decided to go for it on the left landing.
Dean really wished he would wear them more often.
“Shit!” Jesse exclaimed from behind him.
“I do not-“
“Not quite the plan,” Dean chuckled, imagining the affronted look Cas would undoubtedly have at Dean trying to put a bell on him for real. “I want to leave them inside the rolled up map so they jingle when he picks it up. That should wake me up, easy.”
“I never heard about this. Why didn’t you tell me?” Cas asked quietly.
“I hope that wasn’t Charlie,” Cas said, looking entirely too relaxed to be participating in an apocalypse.
“You see, Meg, the zombie who caught me last night mentioned that she recognized me from our group yesterday and she has it out for all of us, well, all of you. She was going to go after Jo this morning but I decided to beat her to it. Our bet only further solidified the idea, but I had already decided that if anyone gets to turn you all, it’s going to be me.” Cas sure sounded aloof but his eyes were steely as if the idea of this Meg girl catching his friends was a personal slight. If Dean wasn’t the target of such intense possessiveness, he would be flattered. Okay, he was still a little flattered. And a little scared....
“Listen up! Doors open back up in 5 minutes. Figure your shit out and be ready to move. Don’t let me down, the fate of the world is at stake tonight. And remember, the game ends once I make it to the building. The second I step foot inside, I’ll blow the whistle and then it’s game over. If I get turned, I’ll blow three times in a row. Either way, you can still get infected so don’t let your guard down,” Ash shouted over the rising din.
And in a direct message from Cas:
“Mornin’ sunshine,” he groaned through a stretch. Dean didn’t miss how Cas’ gaze quickly snapped back from the exposed bit of stomach to Dean’s face when he opened his eyes back up. Dean wanted to tease him about it but he wasn’t sure exactly where they stood with each other. Something had changed the night before but he wasn’t exactly sure what. For just a moment there, it really seemed like Cas had wanted to kiss him but then Dean had gone and run his stupid mouth and that was the end of that.
“And you’ve repeatedly insisted that you hate running, why do you even enjoy this?”
Thank you to
Dean reluctantly looked up, preparing for the worst.
Dean exited the classroom and immediately booked it to the left. He weaved through several groups of students who weren’t participating in the apocalypse and heard several calls to watch where he was going but he kept running for the door as quickly as he could in the limited space. If Cas hadn’t given him the all clear, he knew Michael must still be around and it was safe to assume he was already on his tail. Sure enough, just before he rounded the corner to the main doors of the building, he heard pounding footsteps behind him.
“Well then…” Dean sighed, turning back to Cas and pushing the door shut. Before he could close it all the way, a thud against the heavy wood and a foot in the jamb stopped him. Startled, Dean and Cas watched as a blonde head forced its way into the room.
“My apologies. I take it my wardrobe hid me well enough?” Cas replied with a wry grin.
“I gotta hand it to you, Cas. And Charlie too. I might be able to relax now,” Dean said, taking a deep cleansing breath. “Thank you.”
Dean shook his head and got back to his work, the small room filled with the sounds of scratching pencils and Cas softly humming Ramble On.
Dean closed the distance to Cas and barely skidded to a halt in time to prevent them both from falling to the ground but Cas caught him, eyes flickering between Dean and Michael, rapidly approaching behind him.
“So the other day at lunch, you were doing that on purpose. I was wondering…” Dean muttered, feeling lighter at the admission. Hearing it from Cas that he wasn’t into her was one thing but now that he had the confirmation from Meg too, he was more at ease than he’d been all week.
“I’m the opposite of Charlie here. Survived my first year and turned last year. But I’m also the closest any of us have come to turning our fearless leader here,” Benny added with a sharp grin.
“What is so damn important it couldn’t… Jesus, you
“The real route won’t be what’s on the map. Think I should draw a fake one or write him a message?”
Dean rolled his eyes. Dramatic bastard.
“Wow, you really are cocky about this…”
“Look, I get it. If I was in your position, I probably would have snapped too. Jo definitely wasn’t helping.”
“Dean.”
The quad being the central point of campus made it an ideal location for meeting up with people since it was a pretty even travel time no matter where you were on campus but it was also the busiest location. When the weather was nice, students were usually out in droves. Frisbees flew heedless of the potential for collision with students lounged under the shade of trees to read or study and occasionally some douchebag with a guitar perched on the steps of the student center and played Wonderwall for the millionth time. Dean was certain it was the only song they knew.
“I wouldn’t joke about this, Dean. I had never met anyone like you before and I didn’t know it at the time but the day I laid eyes on you, I had fallen,” Cas assured, using his thumb to swipe away wetness that Dean hadn’t realized was there.
“Dean? Wait.” He put out a hand, stopping the other man for a moment.  “I can still see your breath.”
“Well, I’m stubborn as the day is long so let’s go save Missouri’s family,” Jody smirked.  Dean shot her a small quick grin as he pulled the Impala onto the off ramp, toward James and Patience and the danger that was coming for them.
they soothe him
“How?” Sam pressed.
“It was in my pocket when I… when Lucifer…” Cas found he couldn’t bring himself to actually speak his own death aloud.
“Oh dear. He doesn’t seem to be responding. I guess he’s well and truly sleeping. And gone. So sad. What a tragedy. Or maybe it’s that you left it too long and you missed your chance.” It shrugs contemptuously “Either way, it’s time for you to go.”
“No, I was, mostly, actually, this story is weirdly sort of relatable. It’s just, well, I admit, my mind is elsewhere right now.”
It took at least an hour for him to find a road. And it wasn’t much of a road.  Just a dusty track really, snaking through the brambly field but it was a start. Not for the first time, Castiel bemoaned the state of his wings. What he would give to leap up into the air, unfurl them and fly out of this field.  Cas shook his head at himself.
“STOP!” Now Dean thinks he must be dying because that’s his voice and it can’t be because he is gone. He is gone and he lost his chance and now this entity is either going to kill him or throw him back to earth to live that horrible dull ache of a life he’s been living for the past few months.
Sam has a tray set up now and he nods for Dean to get up on the bed. Still clutching the vial of borrowed grace Dean does. His mind is spinning wildly and he’s grateful that Sam seems to understand that he can’t direct this. Right now he can only follow Sam’s instructions and hang his heart on this tiny precious sliver of hope contained in vial and syringe.
it is to you I give this tune.
No the pills don’t quiet them
He whirls around to see him, rumpled and disheveled, hair sticking up every which way, there’s a smudge of dirt on his coat and another on his face. He’s the most beautiful thing Dean has ever seen.
” at it but that didn’t work either.  He was out of ideas.  It seemed like such a simple task.  These powers of his were fickle it appeared.  When he’d been frightened, they’d seemed to flow out of him without even a thought.  But now when he wanted them, nothing.  He could fling a person across a room but he couldn’t move a stupid pencil even a millimeter.  Maybe Dean was right.  Maybe he couldn’t ever do anything good with his powers.  Maybe he was a monster, after all.  Suddenly he grabbed the pencil and hurled it across the room.  He watched as it hit the floor and skittered away into the corner.
Sam nods and there’s a firming of his jaw that Dean knows means he’s starting to plan. He sighs. He knows he can’t stop him but he can’t help either. He’s tried. He’s looked through the books and the internet and the archives and there’s nothing. But he’ll let Sam try just like hel let him believe that he’s tried praying to Cas. He hasn’t. He knows it’s futile because the last time Cas was in the Empty he prayed to him for hours, days, weeks and nothing. And now he can’t bear to go through that again. He knows now. He’s lost his chance. He nods goodbye to Sam as he marches out of the room pulled tall with purpose. Dean rolls over and goes back to sleep. He doesn’t pray to Cas.
Sam spends the next few months researching and reading. Then one day he returns to Dean’s room.
“Really,” Sam answered.  “What do you say we call it?  At least until I figure out a better way.  How does that sound?”
Dean begged her silently.  Jody took the hint and readjusted her features back to a down to business expression.
“So weird to hear you say fuck, Cas,” Dean grinned at him. “Weird and kinda hot.” Cas grinned back.
“Okay, first of all, it’s bizarre as hell that you find Constantine relatable and b. where is your mind that this frickin amazing ass story is not holding your attention? Is it in Lebanon, Kansas?”
Sam was pleased with himself for setting up the cameras so he could keep an eye on Jack but not crowd him too much.  The kid was definitely scary but there was an innocence to him that gave Sam a somewhat paternal feeling toward him.  He watched Jack concentrating on the task Sam had given him.
the second season I am to know
A black tendril shoots from the center of the entity’s body slicing across Cas’s neck. Blue light spills from his throat.
“I’ve been down this road before and I’ve fought my way back and I will fight my way back again.”
“I’m just trying to be nice,” he mumbled.  Dean glared at him balefully.
“Stay away from me.”
“Sure, sweetheart.” He flashed her one of his patented heartbreaker grins but there was no life in it. “Go ahead.”
When he next opens them he’s in a field. And he’s alone.
“I’m awake again. And you know I can stay awake. Forever if I need to. I’ll bet in that amount of time I can figure out how to wake up some more of the angels here. And the demons. We can have a party.”
The phone rang three times and Sam was about to hang up when Jody finally answered blearily.
The hand that closes around his neck and lifts him off the ground is no longer Meg’s small delicate one but a huge one formed of the swirling black substance that he watched consume Cas months ago. He closes his eyes, resigning himself to his fate and gasps out one last time. “I love you, Cas!”
Dean takes the vial gingerly and stares at it.  Could this work? Is there a chance?
There’s no mistaking that voice and he’s not surprised at all when he turns to see the image of Meg draped across what looks like a throne. She chuckles, low and evil.
“Won’t I just be asleep in the Empty?” He shakes his head. “How will that help?”
“Dean.”  He shook Dean’s body by the shoulder.  “Hey, Dean! No, no, no, no, no. Dean!” He banged on his chest, calling his name over and over again, pleading with him to wake up.  He felt himself choking on his fear and desperation as he began to pray to every deity or supernatural power he could think of.
Not for the first, Sam thanked Chuck for Jody’s presence in their lives.  When Bobby had died, he and Dean had been adrift and Jody had stepped right into that surrogate parent role without hesitation.  Sam knew she loved them and they couldn’t do without her.  She’d agreed immediately to go help Missouri with the case and Sam was so grateful.  He really believed they needed to stay with Jack and help him through this transition, help him learn how to control those fearsome powers, maybe even learn how to be a human. He had known Dean wouldn’t be happy about this but he hadn’t expected him to refuse to even hear about Sam’s idea of Jack reopening the portal to save their mom.  Sam was worried about his brother.  The rage and fury were expected.  Dean expressed all unpleasant feelings as anger, Sam was well aware of that, but there was a cold, dead look in Dean’s eyes that gave Sam a sick feeling in his stomach.  He could feel this grief was different somehow.  Shaking his head to try to clear it, Sam flicked on the oven and stuck the pan inside.  He hoped he didn’t mess it up.  He was a shitty cook but he ought to be capable of heating up a lasagna.  He shut the oven, turned around and jumped back, crashing his hip into the oven door handle.  Jack was standing directly behind him.  The kid was a goddam ninja! How the hell had he gotten there without a sound? Sam palmed the counter to steady himself.
At first a sense of panic starts to rise in him. This dark is like nothing he’s ever seen before. A smooth endless blackness that stretches forever in every direction. His eyes dilate rapidly trying to focus but there’s nothing to focus on. No light. No images. Just miles of deep rich dark. Until…
“Nora.” She stuck her hand out and Cas took it. “So John Constantine is from a series of comic books.  Well graphic novels, really…”  Cas leaned back in the seat and let Nora’s voice wash over him as she told him the story of a world weary, chain smoking, bisexual demonologist.
“Put him down” The entity lets Dean dangle for a minute before dropping him to the ground where he looks up to see Cas. Cas. Cas is standing there in his coat and tie, with his face murderous and squinty eyed and Dean wants to cry because he’s right there. He can’t stop himself from reaching for him but Cas takes no notice. He is fixated on the entity.
“Dean, “he began, “We need him.  Mom…” But Dean was already shaking his head.
“Um, yeah, kind of,” he answered.  And then it all came pouring out.  The horror show “therapy” session, the conversation with Dean, the panic and resentment he felt about being asked to be the one to shoulder it all.
“Fake it.” Jody’s voice was grim but resolute and Sam could feel the tendrils of panic begin to loosen slightly.
But they stay
even when they ebb they just coming creeping back in
“No.” he spat. “No, no, no, no.” He didn’t hear any of the rest of Dean’s explanation.  He didn’t care to hear it.
they’re like the tides
Dean had been worried about seeing Missouri so soon after his roadside breakdown.  He had shoved as much of those feelings down deep and greeted both Missouri and Jody with a smile but Missouri had immediately remarked on his losses.  Dean had glossed over that comment quickly and Missouri hadn’t pushed, bless her.  Of course she was dealing with her own tragedy right now.  Her protégée’s death at the hands of a wraith was devastating enough but the idea that the monster was gunning for her son and granddaughter was clearly the foremost worry in Missouri’s mind.  Dean could still see her face as she implored him to rescue them.
Cas smiled slowly.
His lover’s cries of pain and pleasure drown out the rasp of their voices
“Oh!” Nora’s eyes lit up.  “What’s her name?”
Dean drove towards the bunker on autopilot.  In his mind, he replayed his encounter with Billie. He thought of the shelves of notebooks filled with versions of his ultimate end.  Once, those shelves would have filled him with anger and indignation.  He’d have been determined to prove every book wrong, to outlive all the stories.  But now all he saw when he pictured those books was rest.  And a reprieve from the nagging, searing pain he’d felt inside every minute of every day since he’d wrapped Cas’s body in sheer yellow curtain and burned him on a funeral pyre.  He’d tried to outrun it, to ignore it, to drink it away but it had made a permanent home in his chest.  He could feel the grief like a physical pain, nestled deep behind his breastbone.  He’d told Sam he wasn’t okay, that he was far from okay but that felt like the biggest understatement he’d ever known.  He was lost, broken, drowning, and he couldn’t fight anymore.
Words failed him and all he could do was breathe
“You know why.”
(they aren’t his friends)
I love you
“Well, messed up teenagers happen to be my specialty,” she quipped. Sam managed a watery smile. His relief at her presence was obvious.
“Is that fair, Jody?” Sam ran his free hand through his hair in frustration. “I lost mom too.  I lost Cas, too.”
“More”
“Cas.” Dean’s voice was a whisper that seemed to catch in his throat.  Castiel brought his hands down to Dean’s waist and then in a second, flipped them around so that Dean was under him.  He caught Dean’s mouth with his own, swallowing down the gasp that punched out of him when his back hit the leather seat. He lowered himself down onto Dean’s body, their naked chests flush now and devoured Dean’s mouth, their tongues tangled together.  Cas groaned with pleasure at the taste of Dean’s mouth.  It was even better than he had imagined it would be.  He shifted a bit atop Dean and suddenly felt Dean’s hard cock brush his own. A bolt of desire jolted through him, and he lined himself up against Dean’s cock again and thrust hard.  He felt Dean buck his hips up and thrust again, harder this time.  His boxers were quickly becoming wet and he could feel that Dean’s were as well.  Dean’s hands slid down his back until they grasped at Cas’s hips and pulled him forward roughly, sliding their dicks together again.  Cas felt Dean’s fingers slip under the elastic band of his boxers and then his cock was in Dean’s hand and he threw his head back, moaning Dean’s name.
“No, Jack,” Sam said and the compassion in his voice made Jack’s chest ache. “Why do you think you’re evil? Because when I look at you, that’s not what I see.”
Jack made his way cautiously down the long hallway. Until now, he hadn’t felt like leaving his room. At least he supposed it was his room. Sam had brought him to the room, explaining that it was probably a bit musty and needed a good airing out but it would do. He’d said a lot of things about sheets and getting some new clothes and where the bathroom was and the noise of it had washed over Jack like a wave. Sam had seemed to understand how overwhelmed he was and stopped explaining. In the end, he’d smiled somewhat sadly, shut the door, and then Jack had been alone. And he stayed in the room, his room, alone since then. But hearing Sam and Dean’s muffled voices in the hall had made him curious and he decided to venture out and see what was happening. He thought he might like to talk to Sam again. The tall, rangy hunter had been gentle with him and his eyes had been kind. As he passed the bathroom, the door suddenly banged open and there stood Dean, red eyed, reeking of whiskey, swaying a bit as he leaned menacingly toward Jack. Jack shrank back against the wall, dread gathering into a ball in his stomach.
“The words,” Cas replied with a smile. Then he leaned forward touching his forehead to Dean’s gently and sang quietly, never breaking eye contact, “If the sun refused to shine, I would still be loving you.  When mountains crumble to the sea, there will still be you and me.”
“I’m ready.”
“What’s lasagna? Who’s Jody?” Jack’s innocent confusion was endearing and not for the first time since he’d met the kid, Sam was reminded of Cas. The head tilt was pure Castiel and Sam felt a pang of loss, looking at him.  Cas had been a good friend and Sam missed him.
“It’s quite a long story,” Cas was hesitant.
And then he hears it.
Finally, after what seemed like the longest three minutes in the history of the universe, Sam’s watch beeped.  Sam grabbed the second syringe and jabbed it into his brother’s chest, pushing down hard on the plunger. He expected Dean to sit up almost immediately, that’s the way this was supposed to work, but several seconds passed and then several more and Dean remained still and unresponsive on the floor.  Sam felt his heart drop all the way to his feet and panic sprang up through him like electricity.
blank faces
“You look sad, honey.”  Her voice was low and purring and she flicked her long reddish hair over her shoulder before looking up at him through lowered lashes clumped with thick black mascara.  “Want me to make it better?”  He didn’t really.  And then again, he did.  He sure as hell wanted
“I told you years ago Dean. Good things do happen. I think they call this one a happy ending.”
“I moved the pencil,” Jack replied sarcastically. He held it up as proof.  Sam began to breathe easier.
The faceless crowd shrinks into the walls
“Or I throw you so deep into the Empty that you can’t bother me anymore,” it spat, lips curling into a sneer. Cas began to feel a small finger of hope worm its way into his heart.
For a long time, Dean tells no one about how Castiel died. Oh he gives the basics. Made a deal with the Empty, cashed it in, saved the day. The things he choked out in explanation to Sam when he found him there sitting in the cold, dimly lit dungeon just feet from where he’d watched the Empty swallow Cas whole. He’d told those things. But the details? Those he keeps to himself. He keeps them so closely to himself that Sam and Jack are suspicious but they, in turn, keep those suspicions to themselves. They fight on against Chuck. Sam is smart and resourceful. Jack is powerful and earnest. Dean is... hollow. He fights. He plans with them and executes the plan they devise and in the end they win. Of course they win. There was no other option but to win. Sam devised a strategy. Jack burns out his power. And then everyone comes back. Eileen and Donna. Bobby. Charlie and her pretty girlfriend. Everyone but Cas. Dean watches as they pop back into existence, hoping. He hopes. For weeks it seems like every day they hear from someone. Jody and the girls. Garth and his wife. Those Ghostfacer guys. But not Cas. Never Cas. When Rowena finally contacts them he picks her brain a bit about the Empty but short of “I’ve got no sway there, dearie” he doesn’t get much in the way of answers. When the archangel wearing his little brother finally shows back up, he tries again but he gets even less from Michael than he did from Rowena. It’s where the angels go when they die. Ruled by a cosmic entity. No he doesn’t know anything more. No he doesn’t think anyone can escape it. Not without divine or demi-divine intervention and neither of those things exist anymore. There’s no god. No nephilim. Just a few angels slowly sputtering out. Cas is gone.
“Cas, buddy. This is the zombie apocalypse. There’s time for beekeeping clubs afterwards.”
“Well, if they come back and say the coast is clear, we could just make a break for it,” Jesse said as he kept lookout over the bushes to the east, Cesar across from him looking out to the west.
The urge to joke or deflect was strong. He desperately wanted to. It would be easy to laugh it off, to not admit just how upset he had been. On the other hand, Dean realized he would feel like a piece of shit if he started out whatever this was with a lie. Dean flopped his head back down to the pillow and threw his arm over his eyes. He would tell the truth but that didn’t mean that he had to look Cas in the eyes while he did it.
“You do realize I’m not in the game right now, right? Do you see a bandana on my head? No. Here I am, just trying to have a conversation and that’s how you thank me?” She asked, somehow managing to sound both amused and intensely annoyed at the same time.
Now that Cas was a zombie there would have to be a last minute change to the war plan and they would need to re-arrange the escorts for tomorrow. Dean realized that he would also need to start hiding the map under his bed when Cas was in the room.
Dean knew exactly what that was.
When he was far enough away from the building to not have to worry about an ambush by some other random zombie, he glanced back and saw Michael who had just made it to the door. Dean was pretty sure he’d seen a mess of dark hair behind Michael but didn’t catch a good enough look to know for sure. Knowing he would likely need to make a final dash to the dining hall, Dean didn’t waste his energy in a full out sprint and instead decided to cut through the fine arts building to try and put a little more distance between him and his pursuer.
Dean quietly agreed with the suggestion knowing that he couldn’t exactly say
Thanks for all the kudos so far, I hope you all like this chapter! And another thanks for my extremely helpful beta, Kit!
“Hello.” The sound came from behind him and Cas turned to see an exact copy of himself staring at him with an air of befuddled hostility. A thousand questions swirled in his mind and Cas selected the one that seemed the most pressing.
“Move the pencil,” he’d said and Jack had sat down immediately, and directed a laser stare at the object, seeming determined to fulfill Sam’s request.  Now through the laptop screen, Sam observed him still sitting at the table, blue eyes fixed hard on that pencil, brow wrinkled with the effort of his fierce attention.  Again, Sam considered how fitting it was that Jack considered Castiel his father.  They really were so alike.  Their mannerism, speech, movements, even their facial expressions all so damn similar.  No wonder Dean couldn’t even stand to look at the kid.  If it was a painful reminder to Sam, it must be like a knife in Dean’s heart to see him cock his head to the side like or squint in confusion at a remark from one of them.  It was probably a good thing that Dean had gone to help Jody with Missouri’s case.  Not because Jody needed him, she was more than capable of handling it on her own.  No, Sam was glad Dean was with Jody because she was exactly the person he needed right now.  Maybe he’d even talk to her, Sam thought wistfully.  He certainly seemed to have no intention of talking to Sam.  It hurt him when Dean shut him out like this but Sam understood.  Some things were so big, so devastating that saying them aloud could break the fragile shell around Dean’s heart.  Sam knew that and so he would wait.  He owed Dean that.
“Mmmm?” Dean murmured without open his eyes, shivering faintly against his touch.
Jack could barely whisper an answer.
(how can they watch with no eyes)
And Cas grins.
“Tell me absolutely everything,” she demanded.
“This one is my favorite.  This song,” he said, pressing his lips to Dean’s forehead.  Dean pulled back to look into his eyes.
“I think there’s another ghost.” The lightbulbs began to pop and shatter and the pictures on the walls flung themselves to the floor.
“Exactly that.  Fake it. Pretend to have faith.  At least for a little while.  Sometimes you have to.”
“I don’t know,” he gasped.
and with each lash he whispers
Jack’s face lit up a bit at the mention of a mom.  He reached out and touched Sam’s sleeve hesitantly. Sam smiled at him again.
to make it better.
want to stay awake.  At once, Cas saw a way out of this horror show.
I never thought it would ever go
“I can get you to Hastings,” she replied.  “It’s not far from there to Lebanon. Hop in, John.” Cas opened the door and settled himself in the passenger seat.
Ain't so hard to recognize-
It seemed like ages before Cas reached a larger road.  He looked around him, trying to get some sense of where he was.  How far was the bunker from here, he wondered.  And how could he get there? He searched for something that would tell him where he was.  He continued to walk along the highway, hoping he was at least headed in the right direction.  Finally he spotted a sign emblazoned with the names of cities and miles.  Hastings 161 miles it said.  Omaha 50 miles.
“Do you think they’re hungry?” Jody’s voice broke through Sam’s unpleasant reverie. “You know I make a mean lasagna. I could whip one up if you think it’d help.”
“What?” he barked curtly. Sam winced. Dean sighed and softened his tone just a bit. “What, Sam?”
He was calm by the time he was guiding Baby into the bunker’s garage.  Calm and resolute.  He’d go inside and talk to Sam.  And then he’d take a bottle of whiskey to his room and drink until he passed out and all of these feelings would go away.
“Nothing! I was just… I was...” He held his breath as Dean pushed past him towards the kitchen, returning moment later with an armful of beer bottles, staggering back down the hall to be swallowed up by his dark room. The loud crack of the slammed door made Jack flinch. He stood for several minutes, frozen in place, afraid to move in case Dean might reappear. When he was satisfied that Dean wasn’t coming back out, Jack ran lightly down the hallway back to his room. He closed the door and leaned against it, eyes closed, thinking again about his father. Not Lucifer. He felt no kinship, no connection to Lucifer. He was just a name. He still thought of Castiel as his father. It didn’t matter to him what anyone said. Castiel was the one he was connected to. He missed him. Even though they’d never really met. At least not face to face. Even so, Jack could still feel the connection like a tether. He sighed, and climbed onto the bed, arranging himself cross-legged atop the blankets. He slept very little so he’d spent most of his time in the room sitting like this, replaying these past few days, his first on earth. How he had just suddenly been awake, alive. The startling brutality of those initial few minutes, the gunshot, the fear, the way his power had exploded from him. Searching for Castiel, walking, meeting Clark and his mother, being stabbed by the angel. And then Sam’s kindness, Dean’s rage, meeting Donatello, being tricked by Asmodeus, almost opening a Hell Gate. It had all just been so much. And running through all of it, an insidious river of thought,
“Hello Dean.”
The bottles of pills are supposed to be their undoing
“I’m fine.” He strode toward the glass doors, waving at them in irritated frustration to see if they were automatic before jerking them open and stomping over to the front desk. Sam followed trying desperately to explain, but Dean was done listening.
“I’ll do it.”
the loving handprints that decorate his skin
“Don’t.” he said, spitting the words out like they were poisonous.  “If you wanna stay here and Mr. Miyagi this kid, knock yourself out.  I didn’t sign up for that.  So I’m gonna go to work.” And with that, Dean spun on his heel and left Sam sitting in the library, alone.
“Sam will be disappointed in me,” he whispered to himself.  He hated the idea of disappointing Sam.  Sam, who had been so
“I know you’re there.  I can feel you,” he said, desperately trying to keep the fear out of his voice.
.  He felt a surge of delight. Nebraska was so close to Lebanon, Kansas.  Now he just needed to figure out how to get there.  Searching his memories, he remembered Sam telling him about a time he and Dean had a fight and how Sam had decided to hitchhike to California. Right, hitchhiking.  Hoping he was doing it correctly, Cas stuck his thumb out and began to walk backwards, trying to catch the eye of one of the people speeding alongside him.
“Okay look, I know this isn’t exactly fun…” he began.  Jack cut him off.
“Also in his goddam room,” Sam replied, quickly dragging an arm across his eyes. “I feel like the headmaster of a really messed up boarding school.” Jody chuckled and settled herself into one of the library’s heavy wooden chairs. She smiled up at Sam.
In his entire existence, which spanned eons, Castiel had never felt anything that even approached the feeling of Dean Winchester pressing his hard, slick cock against his own and taking them both in his hand.  His vision blurred as Dean stroked them together and he began to tremble uncontrollably.  Dean’s hand began to move faster and faster and his breathing became a rough pant.  Castiel’s vision whited out as his orgasm flooded into his body and he came hard, shoving himself up into Dean’s hand.  Dean came a second later, with a sharp gasp and then a shout of “Castiel!” And then Castiel fell forward onto to him, flushed with sweat, sticky with come and gloriously, ridiculously happy.
The girl threw her head back and pealed with laughter.  Cas had a sudden flash of memory. When he laughed, Dean often threw his head back the same way.  He closed his eyes and pictured him.  The way he would wrap an arm around his waist and double over, the little lines that crinkled his eyes into stars.  Cas felt a stab of longing so intense he nearly gasped aloud. When he opened his eyes, the girl was looking at him curiously.
.  His pain and rage had just exploded out of him and he’d said things he hadn’t intended to reveal.  It had been painful for everyone involved and Sam honestly wished they’d never even heard about the damn case.  And the conversation he and Dean had when it was over was possibly even more disturbing.
“Wrack that perky little brain of yours,” the creature hissed.
“Same way I always do.  Bullets, bacon and booze.” He paused thoughtfully and dinged the front desk bell.  “A lot of booze.”
Jack had really tried to do what Sam asked of him and move the pencil.  He’d stared at the thing for what seemed like days but he had no idea how to make it move.
“Well in that case, you can tell Charlie that I’ll be seeing her at the night game tomorrow,” Cas said standing back up, only now apparent that he was dressed only in yet another pair of his signature orange boxers. Dean cleared his throat and sat up a bit more as Dean crossed back over to his bed.
“And Benny is the reason we don’t preplan our routes for the whole week ahead of time anymore,” Dean informed Cas with a wary look on his face. Cas nodded sagely.
“That’s my second good deed for the day,” Meg chimed in. “Don’t let it go to waste.” Dean nodded and took off running without a second thought. He had no socks, Michael would be 30 seconds behind him. His best shot was to make a break for his dorm and hope the rest of the humans got enough to consider the event a win.
