"No, I think he's gonna be incapable of telling you to knock it off, because he's used to doing anything you say," Dean retorted, "Wait a minute, are you supposed to be on bed rest?"
Kevin shoved Claire forward, stepping behind her. "Watch, he'll do it, he never says no to anybody."
He thought of his own daughter, her whereabouts unknown, and the only other child he'd spent much time with, a friend's son, Trevor, and decided to follow his gut instinct.
"Do you think he felt bad about my mom having to take care of me alone? Because all it sounded like to me was that I was the one he wanted to get rid of, and like he was pissed off that I even existed."
Claire shrugged, "When I was a kid, um, there was a playground at the apartments where we lived. It sucked, but..."
"I would hope so, otherwise, that would mean I'm into everybody... And since I'm not, then I guess, yeah... I've had a bunch of friends I wasn't into like that... And they both have people they're seeing, so, that probably helps with the tension side of things..." Dean grimaced, "And I think we need a new subject or I'm gonna need some clothes, because I can't just lay here naked talking about your daughter's personal life."
"Because it protects my employees. And my family. I spread my wings enough, being in Bridgeway, I'm good with what I have... I would quit outright before I put my own name on the door. You want to sell off the location, okay, but I want to run it as a franchised spot, whatever you call it," Randy replied, "And I'm not doing this to be difficult, I think you'd do the same."
"Let him be pissed off. He's interrupting fun time." Kevin replied, untangling himself and getting up from the bed. He quickly struggled into a couple of discarded articles of clothing, ignoring Margaret's snort of laughter, and hurried to the front door.
"Okay. Well, if you're done down here, you should probably sleep," Claire said, giving him a nudge toward the stairs.
"I did. We'll get them in for next week, we've got an opening then," he answered, going quiet, "When did you start drinking coffee again?"
With a defeated nod, Alfie retracted his hand, and sat back in his chair, "I didn't think any of this was going to happen, y'know? ...I thought she'd just be happy to see her grandchild for a few days, not come in here and try to run the place."
It didn't seem fair, looking back, that it was his home Dean would occasionally slip off to when the diet he'd pressed himself into for moral support towards Cas became too much. There was always something good - and by good, he meant technically saccharine poison, in spite of how delicious whatever the item was - in the kitchen. He was aware things were very likely about to change, and if by some off chance Doc Parker was mistaken, unlikely, he should cut back anyway as a preventative measure.
"Yeah, she was. She made the choice to come out here, and she'll tell you that," Dean said, his voice softening as the man seemed to be having an easier time paying attention, "Tell you what, talk to me, tell me what you know about what's going on right now, and why she took off, maybe we can sort this out before you go running in screaming your damn fool head off."
She could feel it as he shook his head, unaware how filled he was with self-loathing and disgust at everything about him that didn't involve her, "Just... bad dreams. Don't worry about it."
The boy's face was red and drenched, and snot clung to his upper lip, but he was still breathing hard, and didn't try to answer as Ben got his attention.
"Yeah, but I wouldn't fall, because I'm not a wimp who's too scared to jump." Trey answered, crouching next to the small bucket of liquid.
"There's one in the kitchen that doesn't cost seven hundred bucks when you drop it, you can use that one. I'll put me and Pop-pop's numbers on speed-dial and show you how to use it. Then you can call, and talk to us, and you're still safe at your house. If you're really bored, we might even come over, if it's okay with Mom and Dad."
"Oh... I don't know, her room is a lot bigger, she won't need to move stuff, but Alfie said she could use one of the other rooms for the baby, too, so... I don't know. There's a couple of empty dressers, though, and she got a couple of packs of onesies and some blankets."
Claire turned on the heating pad and leaned over him, setting a hand on his chest, "I'm going back downstairs. You rest. If anybody gets out of hand, I'm going to tell everyone to clear out, and I'm not going to be nice about it."
Turning around to the door across from Melody's, Claire found it already open to a mess of toys and clothes, "Jaime's room is over here. It's smaller, but there's a walk-in closet. Ben used to use it as a space to play video games, to keep the light off the screen. Jaime does things a little differently, though, since he's really not old enough for that many video games."
Claire was unconscious in the hospital bed, an I.V. in one arm, and her belly was far less pronounced. An empty bassinet sat at the foot of the bed, labelled with details Cas couldn't focus on, as on the couch below the window he spotted Alfie, looking somewhat shaken, with the swaddled newborn on his lap, the baby's head at his knees. Had Alfie looked up, Cas would have noticed red rimmed eyes, but that was to be expected, given the emotion he'd shown at Melody's birth.
A guilty look washed over Kevin's face, "Claire pretty much said the same thing... I know it's a bad idea, but... I don't know. She didn't tell me until she bought the ticket."
The nurse seemed to nearly bolt from the room, leaving a stillness Kevin found even more uncomfortable.
"I didn't want to worry you," he said quietly, "Doc assumed I had diabetes, he pointed out why he thought that, and to be on the safe side, I made an appointment. But, it's me, I know what I'd be looking for, so I thought, y'know, the sooner I know, the better. I can provide information on glucose readings and mealtimes when I finally get in to have them test me out, it could make things faster. That's all."
"You know, if it weren't for you, I probably would have snapped, dropped out, and went home," Caitlin said with a smile, "You kept me from giving up."
Julie's uncle returned his handshake firmly, and Ivan was careful to scoop up Cyndi's diaper bag on the way to the front door, quickly taking the blanket set on top and covering Cyndi with it as Julie joined him.
Meg's enraged flush spread from her face and neck halfway down her breasts, "You are such an asshole! Where's Charlie?"
Ben had in fact come over to cut in, having been at the table with Sam and Jess for a bit, "Okay, so, I talked to Aunt Jess, but you know more about this, so I want to know what you think."
He'd barely reached the end of the stack when Alfie returned with a large mug of coffee for him, which Julie noticed right away was not very full, and asked how she took hers. He'd returned again to the kitchen as Julie looked around the room, which hadn't changed much since she'd seen in last.
Dean was standing at the table, having finished heating two platefuls of leftovers in the microwave, and was setting them down as Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's waist from behind, pressing his cheek to the back of Dean's shoulder. Dean waited patiently for several moments before speaking softly, and Cas felt the rumble of vibration through his ribs, "It's gonna get cold."
"Um, yeah. Is he okay?" he asked, getting up from the chair on shaky legs, still feeling the effects of activities earlier that evening.
"Oh, honey, you don't know me," her voice seemed more emotional now, "But I prayed for you for a long time. You don't know how glad I was to hear that you found your way home. Cas and I go way back."
Cora, however, seemed to find it hilarious, and laughed loudly as she turned around in place, leaning back against his side, "Brain-drain, right? Aubrey said your brother tried to kill you."
He reached for the flashlight where it had fallen from his hand and pointed it toward his legs, which he soon discovered were caught, denim impaled of sharp barbs, and one leg, despite his attempt, was very much stuck.
Dean leaned in and kissed him forcefully, rolling onto him a moment later, finding himself frustrated with Cas' belt, and dropping all his weight on his chest in order to tackle it with both hands. Cas raised his hips gracefully in time with Dean's hands to cooperate with the slacks being dragged down his legs, feeling the accidental scratch of one of Dean's nails on his hip and ignoring the pain. Recognizing his husband's clumsy and rushed behavior for what it was, he caught Dean by the back of the neck, kissing him hungrily before throwing his weight aside, and rolling onto his elbow to open the drawer of the nightstand. Cas turned back around before Dean had had time to sit up, and quickly straddled his hips.
"Great, now I gotta update my will," Dean pretended to complain, "It's gonna say, 'do whatever, do it cheap, but put me next to Cas.'"
"Lucius, actually. Or just Luc, but if you can't speak rudely about your own brother ignoring his only offspring, well..." Crowley spread his hands, "He'll have her removed from the hospital, let the doctors sort him out, and she'll find something else to micromanage."
Dean was fuming, "You dumped a bunch of trash out on the back lawn where old folks hang out? Why? Does that sound fun to you? Or just getting brought home by a deputy when you get caught?"
"Absolutely not. And she's not the same person anymore, she likes me now, regardless of how I feel about her. I can handle it."
"Aubrey hates me." Ben said, shutting the door harder than he needed to, "I mean, when I figured out it was her, I got in the way, that's why I got all covered in the crap they were throwing, so she didn't get hit with it, but I tried to say I was sorry, and she really just hates my guts."
"Of course, what legacy does that leave this upstanding guy with? The good man we came to see off today, he was not in the business of getting rich, or leaving his name. What mark does he leave on the world, now that he's going from it?" The question hung in the air as Rabbi Jake allowed the idea to sink in, "There is a great gift in generosity. Once you have received it, it never leaves you, no matter how many times you pass it on. That is the place that many good people of many faiths find what they call 'God.' I'm told Dean did not consider himself religious, but his family has another idea on that. Dean put his faith in people. His people."
Part of it had been an aversion, but also, the description paired with an ancient birthing goddess statue he'd seen in a museum once during a summer vacation in New York. Of course his parents had wandered away, leaving him to his own devices, but there had been a clear description on the display, and he had found it fascinating.
Claire gestured to the screen, with one hand, absently stroking Melody's hair with the other, "Nothing happened. Not enough for them to do anything."
"Yeah... I guess I should try to behave myself... But I really need your help with something." Alfie said, passing her the pry-bar, "You'll need this."
"Stone cold sober right now. I'd go hit on her now, but I'm taken. Which reminds me," Kevin gave the outside of Claire's thigh a firm tap, "Better move your ass before you invoke the wrath of the pregnant chick."
"Listen, uh..." Dean started as he sat down, "What I said in the waiting room, that Alfie didn't close the valve?... I went in there, yelled at him, and he, um, he showed me, I tried the jack myself. This wasn't his fault."
He approached the shop from the corner, hoping to make his time quick, when strained voices reached his ears.
"Eleanor is up to something. I gotta talk to Ivan, and you need to stay quiet and get Cynthia away from her fucking cronies," Lila burst all at once.
"Mr. Garrison told me to sit here. He said he was going to call my dad. But that's okay, right? 'Cause there's a camera on the bus."
"Fuck off." Kevin replied, "Get condoms, get her on the pill, don't let this happen again, I mean it. Women still die having babies, it's serious shit. And she wants to go to college, so, if you screw that up for her, I'll kick your ass myself."
"Yeah, I know what you need." Dean said softly, leaning into him, "But we need a serious conversation."
Hannah stood out of irritation, if for no other reason, "You may treat all the students equally, Cas, but you are still playing favorites! I'm going to the district about this. I'm not going to sit around and watch you sell out every time some parent comes in here whining that their kid stubbed a toe! I'm going to ask for a transfer, and if they can't make it happen, maybe they'll give me your job."
Grateful her hands had fallen to her lap, as now they were shaking, she shook her head anxiously, "No... I, um... I can't have something like that hanging over my head."
Hopeful that a bit of reckless spending might push her mind toward other things, he started the engine and made for the mall, even without an answer from her on his suggestion. She'd remained quiet for some time, but as he began his search for a parking spot close to the food court of the small mall a half-hour's drive from home, Claire moved to brush a strand over her ear and cringed at the sudden contact with her new earring.
"Mom and Dad know this guy, I met him once. He's not great, but it'll be fine. Just stay in the car," Cynthia insisted, angling the nose of her green monstrosity to align her battery within easy reach of Chaz's cables.
He raised his head quickly from where he sat in the waiting area, checking his phone for what felt like the millionth time, and a jolt of fear ran through him until the nurse quickly smiled, "Everything is fine, mom and baby are both doing great," his fear quelled somewhat, "She's not awake yet, but I think your son in law could use a little support, so he asked me to bring you back."
Ivan scoffed, "Nothing's personal around here. I can't hardly take a shower without Susie busting in because she left her weird-ass goth doll on the back of the toilet for god knows why."
He had his fingers crossed that Julie would be in a good mood, she hadn't said much, and he hadn't been able to have a conversation with her yet.
He walked up to the loveseat, eyeing each of the boys, but Cynthia spoke loudly over the music, "You got back early."
Shaking his head, he minimized the screen, and pulled up a search for bicycle bells, waving at her to join him where she could see the monitor clearly. The screen showed several colors, including pastels and metallic, and various sizes and shapes were available. As he scrolled through them, she looked as closely as his pace would allow.
"Don't," Dean suggested flatly, suddenly appearing on Blake's other side with a clipboard in hand, "Trying to sort out Lucas is just going set you up for your own weird-ass hard to pronounce complex."
Cas nodded, "Kevin... Kevin is... very secure in-... who he is. He does things like this regularly, I'm only a little surprised that Claire was involved."
"Is void if not used to the manufacturer's specifications. Now, would you like us to check the levels of halogen fluid in your headlights?"
Leaving, his only concern had been whether his daughter was alright, but the cogs of planning were running in the back of his mind even as he objected to Cynthia's hushed apology. Apparently she had known Chaz had gotten the wrong idea and had told no one, even as both he and Ivan had assured her that Chaz had been an issue since well before she had come along.
"No, dear. I have to send you home. According to this," Cas tapped his papers, "You're dressed like a tramp."
"Because I'm not a complete and total bitch, and the situation doesn't call for it, that's why. Mind your own business," Millie answered, pulling a notepad and pen from her apron pocket, "One thing that's different from mine, I remember, is she always used red delicious because they were cheaper. I'll leave it up to you, but I recommend those yellow ones. How many servings are you making it for?"
Uneasy, Henry shifted in his seat, "Maggie, I... I didn't handle this well. But I didn't yell at you. You're an adult, you... you made your decisions, and I guess you made it work..."
A hush fell over the house, and without being at the kitchen table to check Cas' face for himself, he was concerned there would be another round of crying. Instead, it was Sam spoke softly, at first, too quiet for Ben to hear, but he could make it out that the context had to do with Lisa's passing. "...I was still having issues with the way he left when my dad died. I get why he couldn't do it, how bad it was for him, but I had to handle that, all of that, on my own. But it had been a couple years, and when he lost Lisa, I just... I didn't stick around. I let him down, Cas."
In frustration Xander slouched in the seat, fighting the tears welling up in his eyes, and stared out the window as Claire put the car in drive and started for home.
"And thank you, Cas. For getting that snake to back off. I gotta watch where I'm going, or make more noise or somethi-" Dean stopped short of the barbed wire fence, but before the obstacle could become an issue Castiel took a firm hold on Dean's hand and they were suddenly a few steps on the other side of it, "...How did you find me, anyway?"
Cas rounded the end of the stairs to look up at him as Claire pressed past with the shoebox under her arm and started down while Ben's weak objections came from Xander's phone, "I'm sure his four-legged patients would object to that," Cas replied.
"Right," Cora nodded, "But she got very upset and went after Xander this morning, thinking he had been talking about her behind her back, and he's a big lunk, but he would never be so rude to her to go spreading her private business around, you know?"
Ivan's eyes narrowed, but stayed focused on the road as he pulled into the high school parking lot, "Robby Cartwright is a fucking moron. I've never used an illegal drug in my life. I got arrested and served a short sentence for marijuana possession, because I happened to be in the same car with a bag of it. I know my mugshot is on a t-shirt, and I don't care. I don't care what anyone thinks of me, but I am not going to lie to you, and as I don't lie to you, I expect you to keep your mouth shut about anything I tell you as your father, okay?"
Claire closed her backpack, "He was really smart... How come you didn't come sit with us on the porch? You knew him."
Kevin shook his head sadly, "I just need to get back to where I can feel stuff correctly, feel something and have it be healthy, and loving, and not... wherever this was going."
"Well, since I'm only prediabetic, I don't have nearly as much to worry about as we thought. I'll keep watching what I eat, taking the encapsulated cinnamon, since it's helping, and maybe once my weight comes down, I won't even have to watch that closely anymore, it could still be pretty reversible," he replied softly.
"The Novak kids," the assistant principal answered, "Melody had a fit, and I guess her dad is one of those 'not my little angel' types. It's going to be rough on them when they enter the real world and find out things don't work that way."
Claire gave a hint of a smile that wasn't quite a chuckle, "Mike's not the type to turn wrenches. He's the type to design things that make turning wrenches easier. He's gonna design a hydro-electric car with parts that replace themselves and put us out of business."
At the feel of Dean's fingers tracing his cheekbone, he was sure Dean was picturing graphic damage caused to his face. He'd described, after a similar nightmare, how his father had burst into his room, dragged the boy he'd been making out with to his feet, and slammed the other teen's face into a door frame. The only other time he'd pictured Cas in his place, Dean had woken in a panic, fell as he had tried to get out of bed, and Ben had come to check on them before Cas could even turn on a light. It had been hard for Ben, at sixteen, to handle seeing Dean sitting on the bedroom floor crying over a nightmare, and Cas had borne the brunt of the awkwardness until the shock wore off a few days later.
As planned well in advance, Xander had arrived at the bar shortly before Claire, and did what he could to pretend he didn't know her.
"Hey, Melody... Um, so, I was at the valentine's dance, but I heard you didn't go. Kamila said you stayed home, but somebody else said you went to the hospital the next morning."
Dean stalked into the office quietly, and set one hand on the counter, waiting until Leslie was off the phone.
Claire cut in before Cas could answer, "But if you're serious, you can bring over huge campaign posters with your face on them, ten feet tall, and post them all over both Singer locations, drop off buttons, whatever. Kick his ass. I'm sure Xander and Ben would vote for you."
Suddenly, everything, at least in Claire's world, was wrong. Margaret had been forced onto to her back on the bed, legs held in place against her will, the tears that had come and gone, and the screaming during a particularly rough contraction... Her logical mind snapped, fighting her subconscious, and out of nowhere, this had nothing to do with birth. All she could see or hear was her friend being tortured, and she was a part of it.
"Yes. I called her the next morning. I told her Claire was safe, and she could reach her at my address. Claire wanted to go to college here, and the high school is very highly rated."
The familiar creak of the back door sliding open caught his attention, and having no interest in being shut out for the night, he hurried toward the house. Dean was standing in the gap of the open door, half asleep, waiting patiently as Nick slowly descended the porch steps and sniffed the grass in several places. Catching sight of Ben as he entered the yard, Dean's eyebrows went up, "It's the middle of the night."
"I'm done," Claire answered, "As of now. You can go get your tubes tied in the morning, you goober."
"Oh, it's just beautiful! Can we take your picture with the picture on the wall?" she turned quickly to Naomi as it seemed to cross her mind that she might have just offended her, "Is that allowed? Taking pictures in here?"
"Is Pops coming around?" Ben asked. In his voice, she heard the shaken sound of the boy she'd known long ago who'd gotten bigger than her very early on.
She was aware of the hormones that were causing her voice to strain, but ignored them as she was sure he'd understand, "You know, every time you or Claire are nice to me, it makes all that history stuff so much weirder."
"No, no, it's not that." Dean gently interrupted, "Hell, it's a lot better than having him sitting around on his video games all day. No, it's, um, Claire had a little panic attack this morning, because Alfie snuck up on her."
That voice rang a bell, and drew her attention to the end of the line. It was dark, but she could tell, it was absolutely the Tran kid. She just couldn't remember his first name off the top of his head. "Mr Tran, right?"
"Looks like I didn't need to come out here in the first place," Alfie said quietly, glancing in Millie's direction, "I'll still have somebody send him a cease and desist letter, though."
Meeting her eyes, he could picture it in his mind as clear as day. The gap between them was not a gaping chasm, not a ravine with a great depth to fall into, as they weren't all that far apart. The distance was a small one, they were still very close together, most of their stress was shared, no love was lost, they could almost reach out and touch hands. But what prevented it was a rip in reality, cruel jagged edges ready to cut either of them as a punishment for reaching for the other. It would take mending, but it felt as though one person had the needle, the other the thread, no one was going to mend the rip without some pain, and it would require coordination...
"Right, sorry," he answered, watching in case, in her suspended state, she were to shift in rotation, and scrambled up onto the table behind the precisely placed camera, "How cold do you think the pool is going to be if I throw you in?"
Mrs Wheeler drew a long, incensed breath through her nose, likely preparing to argue, but Cas gave a tiny shake of his head, "I agree. This has been very upsetting for her, and we're withdrawing her from the class immediately. I have one of our administrators altering her schedule now with as little change as possible to get her moved over to Mr Euless' class."
Claire looked down, "Dean's pissed at me. I sent him home, told him he's staying home for the week, and... He had to drag me off Kip, and he tore one of his stitches doing it because I can't keep my shit together."
Kevin chuckled slightly, "That's great. Next you're going to be finding hidden rooms and Jimmy Hoffa's body."
Dean put a firm hand on Cas' shoulder, and made a small attempt to get him to turn back toward the house.
Cas squeezed her hand, and carefully glanced at his watch. It was only a few more hours until dawn. "You need to get back to sleep."
Likely wanting to avoid such a call being made as well, Chaz tried the ignition once more, this time leading to a few brief grinding sounds before it fell into a weak clicking.
"I figured out the best thing for both of you was to get you two in the same space because the damage all lined up. The chunks life took out of both of you made you fit like a puzzle, and I was able to take a step back and work on myself while making sure you were both okay."
"Yeah, Margaret's in Ivan's old room." Alfie replied, the voices were slowly getting fainter as they moved away from the door.
Dean shook his head once more, collecting the packaging from the bandage supplies, and climbing carefully off the bed, "Sickness and health, babe. I'm not going anywhere."
With a look of anger, and moving quickly, knowing he'd likely attempt to apologize entirely too soon for her liking, Claire went straight to the bedroom, closing the door behind her, careful not to slam it. It wasn't because it was late, nor was it because she worried about waking their children, but because even pissed off as she was, she'd grown used to the way he'd jump and then go quiet when doors were slammed, and while somewhat upset with him, she still felt no need to cause him any extra discomfort.
"What?" Charlie squeaked involuntarily. She shut the door quickly, glancing into the hall to make sure it was empty, "Uh... well, the easiest way to know is to go get tested. And if you have to ask, you should... Just to make sure everything is okay... And maybe double check that you know what you're doing, as far as protection goes."
Dean took the tiny bottle he'd fixed the night before from the fridge and started the hot water running in the sink, sloshing the bottle to stir it as it warmed quickly to room temperature. It wasn't quick enough for Nick, though, and she continually struggled toward it until he shut the water off and put the bottle to her mouth.
Kevin gingerly made his way up the porch steps, hoping, from experience, that he wouldn't have to make much sound before being let in. He gave a tiny rap on the wood of the door, and adjusted the plastic grocery bag in his hand. To his right he noticed the curtain in the large window swing, and a few light quick steps carried someone small to the door. He waited patiently until small, clumsy hands had managed the locks, and the door swung open slowly. Melody, clad in a long sleeved pajama shirt, underwear, and socks, greeted him with her arms raised, carefully toeing the edge of the door frame to avoid breaking the rule about leaving the house.
He let himself sway lightly with Dean's slow movements, and set one of his forearms to rest on Dean's shoulder as he stay still, focusing his attention on the feel of warm wet flesh encircling his erection. Rather than sliding forward and back, base to tip, Dean began to work him with his tongue, increasing pressure, then easing into a very strong suction before repeating it.
Taking a moment to compare it with the noise of the balcony he'd played on every day as a younger child, he could barely remember what the constant traffic and city noise sounded like.
Margaret looked back toward Claire as Claire put a knuckle to her nose, pretending two thirds of the digit had become lost deep in her nostril as she pulled an exaggeratedly stupid face, and Margaret managed a weak, but still sweet smile.
He stood, wrapping her in his arms and slowing her approach to the stairs, "That's a really good point. In fact, we should probably just sleep in the same bed all the time."
Alfie nodded, "Yeah. Actually, it just so happens I got an offer for a print of something that's not even done yet that's exactly the cost of the gallery's fee, so if that's not a sign, I don't know what is. So I called Naomi, and she knows I'll be there."
"Day drunk. Yeah, except that you hate wine, and..." Claire answered, checking the time on her phone, "It's not even three thirty yet."
Xander nodded, "That's what Cora said, but, just, they were pissed off, and... her mom cussed me out, said I ruined her life."
"Messing with her when she's asleep? And she's old enough to put them on herself, she should, I don't want her feeling like-"
"Okay, I can't leave you hanging," Dean chuckled as they headed for the door, "I talked it over with Cas, and you and Jess have our total support."
Still roiling, but completely spent, he went back to the guest room, where Kevin had sprawled over most of the bed, not even awake enough to kick off his shoes. Alfie nudged him over to one side, stretching out, considering his options. Should he take it if there were a way to repay Naomi for her lack of tact, or let it go.
"The kids are fine, your dads totally have this, relax," Kevin replied, "I mean, you-... Well... Hold up, we really only have just Dean, and just Ben to go on, huh?"
"Don't do it, Ben. Girls have cooties." Claire said with an authoritative voice, "They have cooties and mono."
Sam nodded, "Okay, well, we can end this really fast, then. Can you do a search on your phone? It'll tell you right away, Claire can't help you with this, and with your history, I'd put money on it that you're going after her because no donor wait list will take you. Furthermore, she's got enough of a complication with her current pregnancy that just dumping this load of garbage in her lap could kill her, so if you attempt to contact her again, we'll come after you for attempted manslaughter. Let me get you my card, and if she decides to get somebody else to represent her, you can still call my office and get that information, I'm pretty sure she'd allow that."
Jack shook his head, "Fine. But I'm running out of girls to throw at you... Or throw you at, I don't know what I'm doing."
Ivan shook his head, "No... I mean, we all knew what was going on when Kip got fired, but I guess Dean shut it down whenever someone started to talk about it, like the same week... You're not mentioned around the shop."
"She's fine, I promise... Besides, looks like you're gonna want the house quiet in the morning, anyway."
"Well, I hope you both got it out of your system," Claire said quietly, and by her tone, Alfie knew he needed to force himself to pay attention to whatever came next, "Because Lauren's party is coming up, and the house needs to be ready, because if it rains, everybody's going to be inside. I'm going to tell Xander not to bring the keg after all, because of exactly this. If we can't manage a two year old's birthday without alcohol, we'll just have to start the whole family in a twelve-step program. I don't care if you two move stuff over from the other house, or sit and watch T.V. all day, but Lauren's coming to work with me, and the house gets put in order by seven a.m. Saturday."
"It's like every time I start to think I've got this, that maybe I almost know what I'm doing..." Jack said, his voice low, "And then, this."
"Because it feels closer to you." Claire said softly, "I need that. It's easier to focus on you than on what we're doing."
Naomi started in as he reached for the phone, picking it up, and looking down at the half of the sink that still held the tepid, used dishwater,
"Fair enough," Cas agreed, "Though, between the two of you, it's much more like Dean's juvenile record, as he put someone in the hospital."
Ben sat on the foot of Jack's twin bed, his back against the wall, nose stuck in a comic book as he had many times before, "I thought you were gonna get Trey to come over?"
Her voice came back from beneath the car, "For what? I'm in the middle of this. I can't take another customer today, tell 'em you handle it, or come back tomorrow."
Cas could barely make out a low fence, but he did spot what looked to be Trey, catching up with a few more kids further up the alley.
"Oh, uh, no. Clearing out her place, getting it ready to sell. We moved her to assisted living closer to home about six months ago."
"C'mon, we'll call Ben and get him over there, too," Xander argued, carefully stepping into the room while avoiding trampling the papers, "You can keep O.C.D.'ing when we get back, after a real meal."
"And one of the other drivers, Will Latimer, did she know him?" Sheriff Mills asked, looking up from the notepad she was writing on.
Alfie's presence was normally enough to sooth Claire' rage, but this seemed to be one of those occasions where he'd do best to get out of the way. He was thankful when after a moment, she turned to Rachel, who was trying to hold her composure and at the same time, talk down to Claire about how wrong she was, but Claire quickly raised her voice to drown her out, "No. You don't go into someone's home and throw away things that are clearly meant to be kept. You know exactly what you did, so save it. If you can't respect me and my things while you're in my house, you shouldn't be here."
"One time. Just one time. They've babysat her a million times, she's happy, comfortable, safe, and this was work-related, I wasn't..." Alfie let himself trail off, causing a questioning look from Claire, "Hang on, I'm trying to think of a nice way to say it."
Dean stroked over her pubic bone, continuing up to her tight stomach, as she bucked back against him. Yep, that was definitely the back of Castiel's hand against his crotch. Dean tried to block it out.
He regretted providing the extra details in his answer as the air in the room suddenly became far heavier, and he aimed to distract her instead, "Did you eat?"
On the other end of the line, Sam chuckled, "That's right, I remember now. That time he apologized to you, when he was the one getting hit on by that one woman... No, it's not like that, Cas. He ran into some guy, says he was friends with the boys. He told me this was the kid who's trying to ruin your life. Dean was pretty upset, telling me what happened. He said this guy wants money, and when Dean said he doesn't have it, his car got brought into it, and, well, you know how he is about that car, he practically tucks it in at night. Anyway, this guy wouldn't settle for just the car, so Dean's all kinds of pissed off... I guess in his mind, he put everything he has out there, and it still wasn't good enough, you know? I mean, short of selling off property, and auto shop business stuff, and all."
"Nope, not the car. Already got Alfie's advice, but, again, he's my age, so, I'm not sure he knows what he's talking about."
"I wanted to speak to my girlfriend, but somehow you ogres have her phone. I can only assume she's in danger, as I can't reach her, so put her on, or I'm calling to report her missing."
"You're supposed to be right here, because your grades won't matter at all if you're not accepted to high school," Cas answered.
"Yeah, but it's cardboard, it breaks easy. This one is-" Cora cut her words off as she stepped away from the door and the top of the stairs, tugging Liam along with her as Xander and Jack came back up the stairs, each with a heavy wooden box-shaped item. Once they were inside the front door, she ushered Liam back inside, "This one's better, it's wood, and it has more space for toys. And you can put your books on a shelf, too."
As expected, he found himself cut off with a punch to the face. Alfie staggered back a couple of steps, took his phone out of his pocket, and stopped the video, immediately hitting a command to back it up, "That one's gonna cost you."
"Yeah, but we didn't move her in there yet," Melody answered, trotting after her as Ben turned to look at the desk behind him.
"Hey," Dean called gruffly, getting her attention, "Any luck on a priorities list for making that company training manual?"
(A/N2: Yes, it's Dune, by Frank Herbert. I liked all the movies including the crappy ones because I'm cinematically easy.)
Cyndi nodded, "Yeah, Gran just wanted to thank me, and she... Well, maybe it's an old people thing."
Trey slapped Jack lightly on the arm, "See? I told you, if we had the masks on we could learn this stuff."
"Why?" Dean snapped, "You know, you're the only one who hasn't said it yet. Ben pretty much said it by leaving with Claire... So, go on, let it out."
"Hey... Him being beaten was no more your fault than you seeing it happen was his fault, okay? He might have been the one getting hit, but it abused both of you. You both deserved better."
Kevin watched Claire cross the room slowly, arms crossed, and noted the tapping of fingers on her elbow, "Lauren's getting a little worked up, I'm not sure how long your dad's going to be able to keep her busy. He may need to take her home."
"And maybe have your head examined for letting someone else drive your ride? What do you think, C.T., or M.R.I.?"
Alfie's face immediately became apprehensive at her words, and incorrectly sensing a refusal, or a plea to consider it more carefully, Ben rubbed at the back of her shoulders, hoping to calm her, "Um... I guess I should have said something sooner."
"Dad," Alfie said carefully, "This guy was, um, wanting to talk about that DNA test you have, the one you had to do for the hospital...?"
"What? Twice in the same week? No way. The kids won't be able to handle that much fun," she answered.
"Except for me. But even while she was involved with my stuff in the past, it was a favor to your dad, there's no loyalty there," Alfie reminded her.
"That only happened one time." Alfie replied, still sleepy, "And I'm getting really tired of going over this every few months."
The voice continued as it broke, audibly tearful, if still very weak and showing signs of growing weaker with the occasional gasp,
"No, this says basically he'd have to be having an allergic reaction if anything was going on, but I'd always heard they were as bad as a brown recluse," Claire replied, passing Alfie the phone, "Still, they can cause muscle spasms and fever, so, no more scorpions in the house. We can't take that risk, especially with the baby."
Faced with the boredom of another early morning, despite the lack of rest work had been allowing them, Claire went to Alfie's rather than sit around the house waiting for work to start.
"He was a senior, dropped out last month, lives across the street from me. He's got a Harley, and he carries in my mom's groceries when I'm not home." Kevin explained.
Gabe marched away at nearly a trot, giving a noise of contempt, "I might be strange, but I'm related. Babies always know."
Claire hadn't worked Wednesday, or replied to Alfie's message at all, but Thursday, not even having closed his garage after getting home, his phone started to ring, and he answered it in a clumsy rush.
Ben shook his head sadly, "Thanks, Pops... I'm just gonna check on her again, and then Dad says I'm crashing in here."
"There's only one thing scarier than Dad yelling, and that's Dad not yelling," Ben said quietly, "Because that means he's cooking up something worse."
It was evident when Cas greeted him that Ben was absorbed in his task, as he turned quickly enough to accidentally smack himself in the face with his brush.
Alfie had just finished loading Jaime's plate with slices of yellow squash, or as he'd convinced him, 'cooked banana,' when Claire finally made her way to the table from the couch. Her morning sickness had become more manageable, but she was tired, and trying to stay on full time at the shop in town.
"You know what? You'd get this if Claire ever fucked over your entire life. But she actually has a heart, okay? So you have no clue about this kind of betrayal."
"She was on drugs a long time before I called you, barely made rent, until she couldn't do that either, but you know what her landlord said? He said 'If there's grass on the field, play ball.'" Claire said, letting her hand drop.
Watching her daughter play, she was certain his death was karma catching up with him, further protecting society, but it did nothing to absolve her husband's involvement.
Jack walked Liam up to the front door of his parents' home, surprised to find his mother's car gone, and let himself in. He found his nephew's gym bag of clothing in disarray in the room that had once been his, and went through it, looking for anything that was obviously clean, only to become frustrated and look for anything that seemed to look clean.
"It's a manner of wrapping a blanket around the baby tightly, mimicking the pressure they felt while still in the womb. I think it's still recommended."
"Because I didn't want you settle for me. Or stick around because you thought you had to, or because anyone else told you it was the right thing to do." Margaret replied in a pleading tone, "I'm trying to be independent, okay?"
With a look of stifled fury, Uri backed the video replay up by a little over a minute, well aware he'd been caught in his own trap.
"We almost lost her on the table. If she wakes up while you're in there, I suggest you make sure you say anything she needs to hear."
A man of roughly his own age threw the driver side door open and got out, his actions choppy and disoriented with rage. He caught sight of Dean coming toward him quickly, and waved his arm at the blocked road, "Are these your cars?! You wanna get them the hell outta my way?!"
"He does adore kids... God, but he'd be such a good older brother. You know even with his own life getting rolling, he'd want to be involved. He's a sweetheart."
"Melody, anything you can think of. If there's even a different flavor of pizza in the school cafeteria, the smallest thing could really help us out," the nurse pleaded.
Trey laughed, "Great. You can take turns wiping his ass while he sits there and drools... I'm gonna try stuffing some newspaper in this shit, maybe it'll light."
Finally getting a look at her face, Ben could see, even in the dim light, that it was tear streaked, and her lip trembled.
A muffled grumble that sounded quite close to 'five more minutes' came out from under one of the pillows.
Crowley huffed as he set Kevin mostly upright on the couch, and turned his attention to the boy's face, patting his cheek harshly and looking for any hint of consciousness, "We'll know soon... Kevin? Kevin, wake up!"
Cas thrust harder, faster, as a need arose in him, a need to take every once of love and care that Dean had ever given him and give it all back in one go. Normally his actions were controlled and measured, but not this time. This time he lost himself the sounds and feeling and taste of his lover, his husband, beneath him, and if the noise was any indication, Dean had lost all sense of reality.
"Don't you send him over-" Carl began, his voice low, but when faced with the outstretched hands of his only grandchild, he caved quickly, and settled the boy into the chair in the crook of his elbow, quickly pretending the awkward exchange hadn't happened at all.
"Ben," Uri said calmly, walking around behind his desk as Dean sat down as well, "Would you mind telling me how well you know Mr Novak?"
"Oh, gracious, where are my manners?" Crowley asked, getting to his feet. He unbuttoned his jacket, letting it swing back, and didn't reach to shake her hand, "I wouldn't want to be insensitive to our cultural differences, of course."
"Ms Billet," Cas said gently, pulling her attention off of Mrs Wheeler, "Fiona mentioned that picture day is coming up. I'm sure she'd like to get this fixed as soon as she can-"
Margaret's father was very much the physical opposite of Margaret, tall, and heavily muscled. He had the shape of a bouncer, or a bodybuilder just past his prime, and the wardrobe of a church deacon.
"Ivan went to L.A. to detox and rehab his little friend under the radar, and I told him about the twenty-seven club," Kevin answered.
Margaret had gotten comfortable in a large armchair by the end of the couch where Kevin sat, as he gently poked fun at her hoard of pillows.
Kevin chuckled and reached for the paper, but Alfie slammed his hand down on it before Kevin could touch it.
"That my daughter had been in an accident, and I needed to come down here to pick her up, and that if I couldn't get a ride to call back and they'd have a deputy bring me."
In a careful, complicated dance, they both shifted the sleeping child, closely resembling a bag of potatoes, to Julie's shoulder, and with the feel of Ivan's skin against her hands, she mentally confirmed her previous suspicion of ovary decimation.
Dean, doing his best not to shoot Cas an icy glare, caught a look he was sure about, and Cas gave him a rolling hand gesture as if to say, 'Go ahead, might as well.'
Dean let his hands fall forward as he looked up, finally meeting Cas' eyes, his own bloodshot and red rimmed, "If you ever think, even for a minute, about running around on me, could you just tell me? Please? ...Because if there's something I'm doing wrong, something I'm not doing, you know, even for a minute, if I'm not enough-"
"Probably nothing. Just gotta check on something, stay in the house. Both of you. I mean that." Dean turned back around as Cas came downstairs, "We're just gonna go walk over to Claire's for a minute."
"Okay, well, as much as I hate to say it, she's probably fine. Just need to watch her, make sure she's breathing, don't let her take her meds. But let's make sure this is perfectly clear. I'm going to talk to her when she gets back, and if she's not a hundred percent sure you behaved yourself-"
He could feel it easily as she started to move in a far more urgent manner, her legs tightening around him as she matched his rhythm perfectly. He recognized the sounds Claire made, and finally relaxed, unworried that he'd have to stop abruptly, possibly even midstroke as he'd had to do too many times, despite his willingness to do so. He'd accomplished getting her into a comfort zone, in which she'd allow him to control the motion, knowing he'd follow any request she made.
Ivan waited until the door down the hall closed before he shut it softly, and turned around to face Julie once again, "Look, I think we'd do better to have her driving. And a third car isn't a big deal."
The door creaked softly as Liam cautiously pushed it open, a stuffed dragon tucked in one elbow, before greeting Alfie with a high-five, and leaning on the back of the couch, predictably drawn toward the cartoon on the screen as Jack closed the door behind himself, "Hey," Jack said quietly, "Not nap time, is it?"
Cas was working quietly at his desk typing a long email, when Gabe slipped through the door and dropped dramatically into one of the chairs across from him.
Dean was soon on the way and off the phone, and Cas' attention turned back to Claire. Her skin was blotchy, to be expected, of course, but entirely too gray. The dark circles under her eyes had become concerning already, Dean had mentioned them, but he worried they may have become worse.
As Claire said goodbye, Alfie moved to sit next to her, putting an arm around her waist, "That wasn't as bad as I thought it would be."
Ben gave another hard struggle and Claire let go, not moving right away as Ben got to his feet. The door behind Cas opened once more and he caught a look he didn't like on Claire's face before he turned his head to find Dean right behind him.
Melody stepped closer to Mike, likely intending to duck behind him, but the other boy grabbed his shoulder roughly and pinned it to the wall of the theater.
"My own father didn't get any of that because when I took my pregnant fiance to meet him, he called her 'that kike bitch,' and when I called him out, he wouldn't back down. I decided I didn't want any hate in my family, I didn't want him to say that to her, or in front of Ben, and I know I didn't want to hear it, so I dropped the rope."
The front door opened quietly, and once Xander spotted Lauren napping on the couch, closed even more softly. He did his best from keeping his work boots from making noise as he crept to the kitchen, making note of the many stacks of paper that took up most of the table. Chance reached for him, and was immediately lifted into hug.
The sound of the desk chair wheels clattered as they rolled though the hallway, stopping at the half way point that was Dean's office door. "You're serious."
Dean shrugged, "Well, maybe a little, after that, and I made it clear he's wasn't leaving the office, sent her out to the garage. But I went out for a tow, and when I got back they were both at the desk going over the computer stuff like nothing happened."
"Your grandma was eighth, so you'd be tenth, Melody and James would be the eleventh," Margaret answered.
Claire shook her head, "I'm sure it's great, I just need to get a quick nap, of like, a week, and then I'll go look."
She couldn't help watching as the woman turned to go, taking herself down the front steps with steady purpose, and began for the shop down the road. Closing the door, her confusion was clear on her face as Margaret asked quietly, "Who was that?"
He drew an amused pleasure watching her eyebrows knit as she took a few too many seconds to respond, "Wait, would that... That stuff mess with your stuff?"
Passing the refrigerator case, which contained a limited selection of grocery items, milk and eggs, and a few lightly alcoholic beverages, he noted that most of the single serving bottles were of the liquid sugar variety, and while they all looked tempting, he chose an unsweetened fruit flavored water.
He'd chosen carefully, and she had no idea. The place was far from the worst available, possibly topping mediocre for the area it was in, but it was still a shithole compared to the care waiting for his own parents and any other family members who wanted it. But the part he had specified for Crowley, the part that made this particular place preferable, despite being several hours away, was that the morals of the place were easily swayed, and easily bought. She would be appropriately cared for, but with so much as a sour note in her voice, with one phone call, she would suddenly be at death's door.
"I don't know." Claire's voice cracked, "I don't know what I'm doing, but I just want to see you, and this whole thing is confusing the hell out of me."
"We should finish this up soon. Claire's going to be leaving and I want to get some pictures before they go." Cas said, peeling the remaining masking tape from around the false shutter on the second floor.
"I can't just rely on some guy to swoop in and save me from the mess I made of my life, okay? It's not going to work."
Alfie shrugged, "I'm not sure they'd want to know. The less they know, the more they can make up in their heads. They don't want to hear that I'm boring, and just like everyone else. Never meet your heroes, right?"
Chaz began his retreat, slowly moving backward, still grumbling as he went, "Anything happens to her, I know where you and Claire live."
With the chime of the doorbell, he was on his feet, and beat her to the door, sure he knew what was going on, only to find a boy roughly Cyndi's age on the front walk.
Recognizing that her vocabulary was failing her, Ben spoke up, "Because he couldn't go to college. And he wanted other people to receive the kind of education he wasn't able to get."
he'd heard it often and had spent a few late nights up late singing it himself, but that had been many years ago, when Jaime had been a bundle in arms,
"I don't know my kid like I'm supposed to... If I did, it never would have happened to start with." Cas stated glumly.
Even with the incongruity of seeing Claire heading upstairs, he thought for a moment that hers was the shoulder he suddenly found himself crying on. It couldn't have been Ben or Xander, they were far too tall, but the shoulders, though slender, were also too wide to have been Claire's.
"It was never his battle, was it? I'm the one you've got a problem with. So you just transfer that over to the closest guy that's smaller than you, because this town would eat you alive if they knew you'd hit a woman," Claire stated clearly.
"This is stupid... I already asked her why... I'm not asking her why again..." his thoughts went back to her, standing in front of him, and he wondered if she would have said something different if he'd hugged her, or tried to touch her face. But she said no one would believe him, "Probably wants me to tell Jack and Xander and everybody, just so she can say it never happened..."
"No, usually it takes some care," Cas answered, already having poured some of the gel into his palm as Dean had set up for his attempt.  His hand slicked himself quickly, but before Dean could try it again, his fingers, already close, began stroking over Dean's hole, spreading the slip, "Wait... Let me open you up."
"He's your employer, Claire," Cas said, slightly irritated at her avoidance, "That's a position of authority, and you're a minor. You may not even recognize warning signs, plenty of grown women miss them, and I am supposed to be the one keeping you safe. Now, he told me when Alfie startled you, he called when you went off on Kevin, but this involves him directly, and he hasn't said a word. That's concerning."
Dean gave a rough exhale through his nose, dropping his hand to the bowl of nearly flavorless, low sodium, no-fat popcorn, unimpressed by Cas' insistence that he'd remain awake. With his other hand, however, he slipped a finger inside Cas' loose collar, tracing where the fabric met skin.
Claire could hear a shaky rattle to Xander's breath as it was obvious now that he was crying, "That wasn't the plan, it's just... I'm gonna be useless anyway, what's the point?"
"Shit, I don't know. It was a year ago, I was plastered, and I had nothing to compare it to." Alfie replied with confusion.
Claire watched as Dean went back to the shop, wishing she could join him. Anything had to be better than what had to be coming.
Unsure whether to apologize, explain, mention that Dean had left for work, or ask Cas not to blame Claire, Ben kept quiet.
Claire sank back into the seat and buckled in, too overworn to be anxious about someone else driving.
Just as she finished the wiper fluid, and made to close it up, Ben ran in, straight for the tool bench. "Where's the tape?"
"Okay," Cynthia replied cautiously, opening the driver door of her car and putting her backpack through it to the passenger seat, "So, what's going on?"
"We were teenagers. Teenagers do stupid shit all the time. We grew up. And we don't have to be besties to get along, so, y'know, it's been years. You can stop kicking yourself."
Lucas shrugged, "They'd be wrong. See, you have to actually be able to get a date in order to be a slut."
"She's half an hour late." Claire said, passing Alfie a bottle of transmission fluid, "We need an office version of the hood-pop test. Maybe I should change the password."
"Sorry, Cas," Gabe said quietly, getting up from the bench, "You know if you were straight, nobody would think twice about it. It's a fucking witch hunt."
"You get my office." Gabe said with a jerk of his thumb toward the wall in the direction of his office, "Either way, it's a promotion, and you've damn sure earned it."
"Okay. Okay, I'm gonna fix this," Jack turned around to face the rack, only to find the selection of children's books were on special at a dollar a piece. He began taking several, aiming for one of each title that wasn't covered in pink, only to think better of it, "Okay, here we go, this one has animals, this one's got trains, I'm not sure what this guy's deal is, but we'll find out, and... You know what, we'll get this princess one, too, that'll come in handy if you're scoping out the ladies or wanting to be one, either way, you're good, and here's one with a dinosaur on it. Better?"
Xander went silent with contemplation for long enough that Ben had started to doze off and was near the edge of sleep when he spoke again, "How bad do you think that hurts, for a girl?"
A round of gasps caused a hush to fall over several of the surrounding tables as the crone turned a shameful shade of crimson, "She'll be alone and miserable until that brat is off to school, and you had better believe it. I've seen it a million times, you young people have no idea what you're talking about."
Millie made a face, but as she wasn't looking directly at him, paying more attention to the many eggs she was cracking into a bowl, he wasn't sure he was supposed to have seen it.
As Claire got closer, it became evident the discussion was on home repair, and at some point involved an amusing anecdote about Ben.
"Where else would I be? Why the hell would I want to be home with you right now, after your bullshit yesterday? Everything was fine, I said I didn't need details, but one little fib to shut up Naomi, and all of a sudden, I'm the bad guy, when you're the one actually doing the stuff that bothers you? I don't know or care what you did, but I have done nothing wrong."
"If you can't drive right now, it's okay," Claire said, having filled Sam in on the details, what little she knew, anyway, "We're getting everything sorted out, I'll let you know as soon as anything happens."
Millie spotted the red tinge on Ben's cheeks, but years of tomboyish behavior met with constant ribbing had giving her a thicker skin, "It wasn't. You should sleep with him and find out."
"That's her business to tell, okay? You need to ask her about that. Or check her file, it's gotta be in there, big red flag, affecting every way you treat her." Dean replied, irritated, "And when you do ask her, be nice. I got enough knowledge of healthcare to know who to report you to if you make my little pumpkin uncomfortable."
"Says the guy who made me watch the Lion King." Ivan replied, "C'mon, Julie, when's the last time you got out of the house for something that was just for fun?"
"It's a bit of a stretch, I think," Cas said quietly, "But I suppose you're right, there's no children here and either one of us could easily stop him from getting violent."
"I never liked that story." Cas answered, leaning his head back against the side of the frame, listening to the wind in the trees.
Alfie moved the last dish to the dishwasher, and leaned on the edge of the sink, "Well, if you really want to know, and let me warn you, this is personal, after I kicked the bitch out of my house, I went upstairs and made love to my wife while three of my friends cheered me on, and her girlfriend fucked me in the ass with an overripe banana and sang God Save the Queen. Then, we had refreshments and went over the play-by-play. Did you want me to send you the video? What am I saying? Of course you do. I'll have a link for you by morning."
Alfie shrugged it off and pushed the door open, setting his luggage down under the window and out of the way before closing the door. Turning back around, he found the television running, and on the couch was a discarded blanket. A glance at the long walkway above showed him his bedroom door was closed, but the door of the downstairs bath that led into the kitchen opened with a squeak, and around the corner came a rumpled, shaky, and very tired Melody.
Sam turned to Dean, where they'd been sitting, having a conversation in their own little world, "So, is this...?"
The door soon closed behind Xander, and the woman with the awful hair cleared her throat in the silence of the room, "Mr Novak... Have you ever had any sort of sexual contact with a person who was underage?"
Claire looked closely at the woman in the picture. It was nowhere near the quality of Alfie's current works, but she could tell from having seen him obsess over a piece that this one had taken him a very long time, and he'd likely gone over it meticulously, with hundreds of small adjustments.
Alfie had already let go of her hips, cooperating as she moved away, careful not to make physical contact before getting her attention.
Ivan chuckled, shaking his head, and feeling the headphones he wore shift slightly with the movement, "No, I don't mind at all. I mean, when you get right down to it, Johnny Cash is metal with a twang, right? But, yeah, no, I can absolutely keep an open mind. Let's see what she's got."
Julie played the message again, to be sure she understood it all before sending him a text back, not wanting to interrupt any sleep he might be getting on the bus, 'Sounds like it's time. If it looks like you can make this work for you, it's ok. We both knew it would come out eventually'
"So... Monday..." Cas started gently, "I suppose you'll want to be back in class, what does your schedule look like?"
Alfie is doing what he always does, no big deal, so doesn't cross her mind to tell him to leave, because his unobtrusive, gentle, and mild contact is welcomed, and she trusts him. His back is to her because his attention is focused elsewhere, Dallas, and the screen is off because she hasn't seen the picture he's been keeping from her.
"My dad got me a Mustang when I was thirteen, he figured I'd have it running by the time I could drive."
Monitoring the situation closely since Dean had arrived, Sheriff Mills closed the door of the patrol car and moved to intercept Dean, who was moving at an aggressive pace, putting a hand out toward his chest and setting the other on her sidearm, "Mr Winchester, you need to step back!"
Sure that time would soon run out if they were to follow Cas' wishes, Alfie turned to Ben, "He's fine, he's just high. That's not something Claire could ever take well, so for both of them, I need to you take him over to the house over here and get him comfortable. I'll head for the shop and keep things smoothed over."
"It didn't work. Kids are... You guide 'em, but you can't watch 'em every minute. Ultimately, they make their own decisions." Dean started back to the shop.
"They don't see it that way. And you, really, Margaret, you just need to focus on Kevin right now, because if this is how Mike is handling it, you take care of Kevin, you take care of the crux of the problem. Mike will follow suit."
"No... I'm fourteen, I don't need Grams across the street... Only thing going on, really, is Susie Lowery following me around, and she gets really weird when I ask her why."
"They treat me like a pet robot with no feelings, Kev. And then, if I try to stand up for myself, I get told I'm heartless? It's about them. They expect to hear that I love you, and they want to try to say that I don't know what love is, so I'm messing with them. It's helps me stay sane." Kevin pulled her closer, holding her snugly despite the large, tight, beachball shaped stomach between them, "I'm sorry, Kev, I didn't mean to make you feel sad... Won't happen again."
Dean looked down again, and soon enough, the sound of the wheels made their way back to the front desk.
Despite her best efforts to compose herself, Claire was still too frustrated for Ben to make out much of what she'd said, and she had to repeat herself. Neither noticed Dean had made his way to the door, listening in.
Kevin raised his voice, flustered, "I was hoping by the time we got to this point, the last name thing wouldn't be a question!"
"I'm sorry it's not here yet, Mr Novak. But we can call you as soon as it's in." the woman behind the glass case said, passing him a printout. "Normally we have orders in well before the final payment, but they originally sent the wrong style."
Mike climbed up to one side of Cas, and as Cas opened the large book, Melody came closer, working up a fuss. Cas stopped turning pages for a moment and looked directly into her round, grumpy little face, "Melody, I'm going to read now, but if you decide to scream your way through the story, you'll miss it."
"You will. You're gonna care. I don't give a shit what you're doing with Claire's husband, but you can bet Claire's gonna care. She'll slit your brakes as soon as look at you," Chaz cautioned harshly, followed by his voice softening slightly, "And I may not owe you, but I don't exactly wish you dead. You'll probably be fine if you move, she hardly ever leaves town."
"Well, there's that, and also there's one hell of an age gap." Alfie chuckled. "Does he know we're going to prom?"
Alfie craned his neck to look her in the eyes, "I'm serious. I would do horrible things for you... It's terrifying, actually."
The sheets on the bed were soft, but Alfie had gotten up some time ago, as far as she could tell. The light coming in through the window hadn't become harsh yet, and she rolled over to look at the door, finding Alfie leaning in the doorway, munching on a microwavable breakfast burrito, "You're dissing my car in your sleep?"
Claire held the door as Cas managed to get them both inside, "Dad...? If anybody saw that, you could have just ruined your career."
Her arms relaxed, and he continued softly as he wiped a tear from her cheek with his thumb, waiting patiently as she settled into his arms, slowly, not unlike the imagery of the river and sea in the lyrics.
Ben shrugged, "They aren't domestic dogs, they're dangerous. If you're up here, you're fine, and I know where you are in case there is something, and I can't chase it out."
Naomi didn't seem to care that he held a large bottle of what was clearly alcohol. "I'm going out, so you're on your own for dinner tonight. Don't wait up."
"I don't know what to say to that... It's not like she never scrapes her knee or anything. I sure don't want to tell her that about the coyote, though. I mean, what if we tried to explain that kind of thing, and then we wind up overdoing it, and then she's scared of everything? Where's the middle ground?"
"Thanks, you too." Kevin answered. "Now, you need to know, Miranda and Katie liked a 'vaguebook' post Chaz made that was absolutely about this, Abigail seems like she's on the fence, I talked to her while I was looking for you. When you get home, don't open anything, don't turn on your computer, leave your phone alone, you're Amish now, okay?"
"Because he was getting between Chaz, and Ivan," Cynthia continued, attempting to understand, even as Ivan's name felt alien to her.
Having clocked out, Alfie had let Jaime accompany him to the utility sink tucked into an odd corner of the garage as he did what he could to wash up before heading home, but the sight of him must have been a bit of a shock for his mother when he came in the front door.
Millie chuckled as her stirring slowed with the thickness of the batter, and having completed his task to her satisfaction, Ben stepped away and stuck the spoon in his mouth, "The keys to the bakery. Your sister is a genius."
"Claire would, but really, she shouldn't have to, even if she is the one who wears the pants over there," Dean answered, "But he's shown some guts in the past, so we can hope he'll pull his head out of his ass and handle it just gotta give him the time to man-up."
Dean took a hard swallow before he spoke, "Um, Xander's not doing so good today... You mind putting Ben on? I'd like to talk to him."
(A/N: Time for some well deserved recognition. Also, foreshadowing, if you tilt your head and squint... Ha! Made you do the confused-Cas look! [kidding]
He put the photo gently into his shirt pocket, unwilling to spring that on anyone, and got out of the car. He considered that she'd asked him to stay away, but he hadn't called or sent texts, and he felt sure she deserved an explanation.
The doctor was quiet, clearly making a note on his chart, "Of course we're going to respect your wishes on that one, but I'd strongly suggest you look for some videos online just in case it changes your mind. I'd hate for you to miss it and regret it later."
As Mike was not paying attention, he didn't notice when the young man who had passed them stopped suddenly, and took a few steps backward before turning around and approaching them.
"Of course. He's young and stupid, and she might be relationship material eventually, but right now... I couldn't bear to see any of the kids in an arrangement like that."
He watched as her breathing roughened and she avoided looking at his face, instead leaning forward and shaking her head as he tried to get her to face him, "What would that have cost? Time? A few hours at a normal, 'everybody class' airport? It's not like you managed to get out of there at two in the morning, and be here, so what was the point?"
Cas shook his head, slowly starting for the house. "That's my boss, sorry. If you can handle the mirror so it's safe to drive, I'd appreciate it. I'm really just glad your son is okay."
Naomi suddenly appeared at Alfie's elbow with a less than pleasant look at Kevin. "Samandriel, this is Morris Covey, and Karen Mullingar."
"It's nearly finished. I don't want to print it until I have the frame ready, that way it can go in flat, never rolled." Alfie replied. He leaned back in the chair, "Also, I've sent some stuff in to a place in Dallas. It's a chance to get my work seen by the kind of people who'd want to show it. Worst case scenario, people will have seen it and heard of me, so, I can't really lose. Is it okay if I take off for about a week and a half?"
After laying down with Melody for a while to get her to sleep, Claire had dozed off, but it didn't last long. She soon found herself back in the living room, where Kevin had apparently decided to start discussing possible next steps with Margaret on the couch.
"It's a teacher-in-service day tomorrow, no classes. Anyway, still, he'd have his own damn car if he didn't keep screwing shit up. I fixed mine, and I'm tired of having to share, that's all."
Each new detail seemed to build upon the next as Rachel was taking in the experience with restrained glee. Naomi, on the other hand, was barely capable of being happy on her sister's behalf, much less her own, as Claire took a step back to let Rachel examine the crib, which, despite having nearly a month left before any use, was already set up with a complete set of linens, a bumper, and a stack of receiving blankets.
On stage, Kevin had mostly taken over, helping Ben, who was stumbling over the lyrics to Dynamite. Dean knew Ben liked the song, but to him it was just noise to be tuned out.
"I won't quote you on that part," she answered as Blake passed by them with the equipment, and she started for the office for her purse and keys.
Ben reached for Caitlin's hand again, having put away his phone, "Listen, you need your stuff, and since your dad's here, maybe it's the best time to get your stuff moved, or at least out of your aunt's house. If you're okay here, I'll go get the keys and check this place out, make sure the roof's not caving in."
Alfie could hear Melody singing something as she loudly put her toys away above them, and looked up for a moment before turning back to his wife, "You know why she's this fearless, right?"
"She doesn't need this shit," Lucas replied, his voice grave, "Give me some time, either I'll settle in, or I'll crack under the pressure, but not a word to the boss-lady."
Reaching the gravel road, Dean turned to look over his shoulder as he heard a vehicle approaching, only to find Kevin behind the wheel. Mike clamored awkwardly out of the back seat and quickly joined them.
"Okay, when did you get them done before? How old were you?" Janelle asked, sitting down on a rolling stool as Claire carefully eased into the chair.
"If the best you can do is put him where he gets everything he needs, even if it kills you to do it, is that really that terrible? Maybe it's not perfect, but there's a lot worse you could do. I mean, you showed up for Christmas, you tell him you love him, you listen to him when he talks. If you just aren't meant for parenthood, that's still pretty good."
Dean had been moving slowly, attempting to work through the pain by getting himself to the kitchen after managing to get his jeans on. Cas' efforts the night before, to undo the damage Dean had done to himself had been strenuous, and nearly in vain, as nothing was noticeably making a difference other than the pills.
"Funny you should mention that... I got asked to do a set with some guys that used to do White Stripes covers, since they got a gig lined up and their brand new singer ditched." Alfie said quietly, "You want to go? I mean, I don't want you to be bored, but Kevin's going, so, not like you'd be by yourself."
With a near overly-sympathetic reaction, yet still happy to see them both, Lucius gestured to Melody, "Oh, now, look at that, she's gotten so big. Not feeling very good today?"
"That's far less concerning than what Claire said about him dragging her through his bedroom and throwing her into a shower."
"Oh, good." she answered with a smile, "I hope you take lots of pictures, I'd love to see some the next time I come in."
"He tracked my car?" Linda asked, "Yes, I'll press charges. Hopefully it'll make things easier for his daughter to prove he's harassing her."
"You know the experts say sarcasm has no place in a healthy parent-child relationship." Claire prattled.
Melody took another bite and shook her head, "If it had a little more sugar, it wouldn't need frosting."
The sound of something large striking the garage door startled him, and he ran for the front door. Coming out onto the front porch, he found Cas on a ladder, fastening a bracket to the portion of wall above the middle of the garage door.
Sam ran a hand over his face before shaking his head, "I kind of hope neither of you remember any of this tomorrow."
Ben held steady as Claire put a gentle hand to Melody's forehead, brushing aside her clumping bangs, and feeling the heat Ben mentioned as soon as she hit skin. She set her coffee cup down and took Melody from Ben, stroking her hair away from her face as melody curled against her shoulder.
to play the girl-card, as I am one, but if you want to go that route, fine. Come handle the damn snake, or I will. And when I do, I will officially be more of a man than you... That's what I thought... 'Kay, bye."
"'Bout damn time! Heh. Losers." Gabriel smirked, popping the candy back into his mouth as he walked away.
Kevin shrugged, "That actually makes more of a case on why I shouldn't be involved... Because what if I'm only not a monster because he left?"
"I will not have my grandchildren born in a bathroom!" Rachel answered, "And the last time I saw them, Melody and Jaime were strong, healthy, and very good children. I like them. Samandriel and Claire are doing well with them. I don't want anything to change that."
"My number and email address are at the bottom, if at any point, you would like to make any sort of statement, or sit down with us and tell us your side of this story."
Claire was still for a moment, holding the cardboard tube with one end on her bed, the other near her shoulder. She seemed to brace herself, or possibly shut down, before popping off the cap, "Yeah, you can stay."
Cas shrugged, "Volunteering isn't 'no big deal,' you're giving up personal free time to serve your community without compensation. That's a big deal."
"Don't... Don't do that, don't apologize," Ben reassured her, "You're doing that thing where your brain is going too fast for your mouth. It's a hell of a lot cuter than girls who try to be cute by acting stupid."
Alfie tried to straighten his face. "If it helps, when he went to get Ben, he said you were very determined."
"Except that you're using her as an excuse, and telling me she's the reason for this," Alfie responded firmly, "I still want an answer."
Margaret nodded and stepped back, holding onto the couch for balance as she stretched, "That should work... I think he's waking up."
Seeing Claire on her feet was relieving, and he quickly scooped up the phone and waited to get the door for them. As Dean came closer to the porch, however, the swelling and bruising in the lower part of his face was glaringly obvious.
"Seriously? Bobby said that?" Claire leaned on the arm of the couch, resting her cheek in her palm, "I don't know... of course there's life after high school, but you need high school to get college, and college to get a good career."
Ivan froze, staring at her, concerned he'd overstepped some boundary by not correcting Cyndi, worried what Julie would say, even as she seemed to be considering her next words.
"I don't know how I've failed him most, as an educator, ignoring his talents until boredom got him into this mess, or as a family member, yelling at him until his father arrived."
"Well, one thing's for sure, you were damn right about getting all of us into therapy." Dean grumbled, heading for the stairs.
Claire turned barely at all to face Alfie as they reached the closest available spot on the dance floor that seemed far enough from the table to count, and keeping a steady arm around his waist, let him guide her into a sway.
"Right? I mean, somebody has been coaching her to say this, you can tell. Probably just itching for a lawsuit hoping for a payout."
"That boys are scared, and to just ask out the nice ones because it's dumb to wait on them to ask just because they're a guy. And Blake said the same thing."
Trey scoffed, "No. Assface just threw a couple lit M-80s into the teacher's lounge. His friends told everyone it was a bomb."
The first girl spoke up again, "It's not like that, this was just a prank, Aubrey shoved me over a trash can the other day, and so, we were just going to get her back, that's all."
He'd left the bathroom light on, and she could see the bruising on his nose and mouth swelling and changing color, "I messed up your face again."
"You'd think you'd know better by now, Ben," Dean teased, "Never risk getting in the way of a craving, she'll go through you to get it, won't even blink. Or is that just not gonna sink in until you have one of your own?"
He looked around as the other boy wandered away again, certain he'd seen Trey, and he'd considered catching up with him, as they did very rarely.
When Cas opened the door, he found himself unexpectedly unnerved by Alfie's appearance. He was used to seeing Alfie following his daughter around with a shy smile and cheerful eyes, normally in a uniform shirt from the shop that seemed to predate Dean's acquisition, or very basic street clothes. For the prom, Alfie had been dressed up, but both nervous and easily tired, getting around only with the help of crutches.
Claire looked up as she set her phone down, "I know, I'm losing my touch. He was just checking in, today sucked. Xander's still alive, but they don't really know what's going on with him, it might take a bit... Can you believe he asked me if I wanted him to come get Ben?"
The stress of the past several days culminated in Claire's mind, causing her to actually consider the question for several seconds.
Despite the horrors that brought it about, there was something beautiful about the carefully curated steps to the dance in which trial, error, and trod upon toes had taught them the easiest manner to reach comfort in each other's arms. Nothing had been so precise between them, not in years. Occasionally he'd make use of one or two of the steps, but upon reaching the point where they had connected so deeply as not to need it, the entire thing had faded away, unneeded.
Cas rubbed at the back of his neck, "That was a bit more than advocating for yourself, but I suppose you did get your point across."
"Anyway, it just seems like maybe that's a sign that the mental side of things is still healing," she finished somewhat weakly as he lowered her into the bath.
"My sister's easily swayed by what my parents think," Jess clarified, "And that's not the biggest issue that's come up, but that's not what we want. And it just feels easier to trust the both of you with this."
"Name a better time." Dean replied firmly, "I'm serious. Tell me right now, a better time to do this, and I'll get right back to what you really want."
"Of course it does." Dean answered, "Because he's the best guy. Couldn't let that get away from me."
"Oh.. okay?" Alfie said quietly, "I mean, I didn't think that you-.. If you want to, it's just... Yes?"
"God, you were barely older than she is now," Ivan mused, his voice soft, "Sometimes I wonder if maybe I was the best option at the time, and you just didn't feel like there was any other way to do things."
"Mom doesn't eat sugar in the morning, Grandmere," Melody interrupted. Still chewing, she shoved a bowl of scrambled eggs across the table to her mother.
Cora shrugged, "We're only doing this for Millie. Otherwise, you'd be the last person on our shit-list."
Julie gave his hand a squeeze, "She's gonna wake up in a few hours, and she won't know where she is, she hasn't been in that room before, I don't want her to get scared."
His instinct was to care, to help, to protect, and the man had used it against him. He wiped the tears away angrily as reasoned with himself that the weakness displayed had to be eradicated. It would never happen again.
"Maybe that's a fluke that proves you're due to follow the pattern. A six-pack, though. Don't forget."
"Maybe we better take this one step at a time. Tell Claire, get the license, sort things out here first, and then after we get him here, we can think about it again."
The requested incorrect automotive part was slammed down on the desktop by a hand covered in grime, and accompanied by a couple drops of blood from a small cut that Blake took note of immediately.
"Now, you sit, young lady, and I'll get you some lemonade," she ordered, pointing Claire to the small table. Quickly she'd returned to the tiny table with two glasses, and eased herself into the only other chair, "Now, let's take a look. I'm not taking any chances, here."
Her nerves still overly sensitive and on edge, she clutched his shoulder as one of his hands found her breast again, a nearly silent moan escaping as he rocked her gently forward to get his lips to the side of her neck, passively keeping her skin against his own.
Claire had come through, not stopping to clock in, and she'd brought Melody with her before heading to Dean's office.
"Right... Also, your daughter called. You left your phone in the car, and she won't make it for the 3rd and 4th graders lunch, so someone has to take over for her on the ice cream line. No one else is available."
"My mother's a crack-ho." Claire replied with a chuckle. "You could have gone on trash TV with this."
Julie attempted an anxious smile as Ivan got back on the road, before turning to Claire, "Why are you helping me?"
"I called her a bitch... Then I yelled it. But for what she was saying, she deserved a whole lot worse."
Alfie murmured something against her lips as he came back to them, wrapping his arms around her, pulling her close against his chest. He shifted to the edge of the couch, taking her weight with him like it was nothing, running a hand down her back, "Okay, before you grab my hands again, what do want me to do?"
"Yeah?" Claire asked, as Melody's voice drifted in from the front office, much to Lucas' annoyance. She eyed the stack he'd patted, unimpressed, "Okay."
"No!" Dean chuckled sarcastically, "Not a chance, there isn't a chance in hell grounding is gonna cover this. I had to drive all the way back from Bridgeway because you screwed up so bad they couldn't let Claire take you home. You stole my lock picks and snuck off when you knew you were supposed to be on your best behavior and making things easy on Claire."
"Little wedding, big party? If we're going to do a big party anyway, we could just rent out a hall or something. Have a minister come out for it." Dean suggested.
Clearing his throat, Sam stood from where he'd taken a seat at the table, and carefully took hold of the toddler Claire was desperately trying to juggle, lifting her out of her mother's confuddled grasp. Surprised by the sudden change, Lauren righted herself as Sam settled her in the crook of his arm, and started for the living room.
"Nice try. I'll bring you back, and you can charge your phone in my car," Margaret answered, picking up the crate from below her as she stood, checking inside to see that it was closed enough to keep track of the small pieces, and held it out to him, "C'mon. Pack it up, and we'll go meet up with the over-scheduled college kid and Mr Why-won't-she-get-help, and we can all stress out together."
"Dude," Jack said, setting the game controller down on the cheap coffee table that had seen far better days, "You scared the shit out of me, I thought you were hiding out in your room."
"No." Claire scoffed, sitting up, "Then I have nothing to pick on you about... Why are you just standing there?"
Dean put his arms around Claire snuggly. "You can stay in here until you calm down, go home if you need to, or stay in the garage all day, but he's not leaving the office."
"Okay, Grandma is really happy to hear it's a boy, so his great-auntie probably knew before I got back over here... Who do we tell next?"
"Guys night," Ben explained, before proceeding to point out the other members of the party, "See, our sister, Claire, who's also not here, her father in law is in town, and seeing as we've got two dads, Alfie, that's Claire's husband, figured we'd all go shoot pool and grab some brews... Or did you need his kitchen-pass signed?"
"So... we'll talk this out on the drive home? I think it'll wait. It's been a really long night," she whispered.
Dean ran his hands over Cas' firmly clenched abs as he took hold of Cas' nipple ring with his teeth and gave a small tug.
"It's never gonna be a good time, hon, but without work getting in the way, there's a whole lot of 'why not' to consider. And if a couple weeks becomes a couple months or a couple years, I doubt things would fall apart here."
Cas sat on the couch, continuing to counsel Jack, which had mostly devolved into providing a listening ear while he vented in hushed tones, as Dean, a bit more familiar with children under twelve, particularly little boys, had taken up a spot on the floor in Liam's bedroom, attempting to chat as though it were perfectly ordinary that the boy had been lodged below the furniture for over an hour and a half.
would I love to be home right now, kiss my wife, hold my child. You know my baby girl is teething? And soon she's going to be scooting, and crawling, and Claire is home handling all of it by herself, not that she can't, she's strong and capable, but she shouldn't have to. I missed the birth because you dragged me out to that meeting, and now I'm missing even more. But I don't need this. I could step away, just quit right now, and nobody would care. Nobody but you."
Alfie cleared his throat, trying to get Claire's attention, throwing his gaze toward Jaime, only to have Claire, once she caught on, give a small shake of her head.
The group gathered and headed inside the court house, and before Ben knew it, they were inside a small office with a man he didn't know standing in front of a desk. No one was seated, everyone sort of milled around, except for Cas and Dean, who stood facing each other, and also, sort of, the officiant.
A half hour later, as Charlie was on the phone giving directions, knowing Dorothy would be along in moments, Sam and Ellen were chatting easily at the table, and Cas made a call of his own, knowing it was still early enough, and stepped out onto the back porch.
Millie nodded a bit more solemnly as a graver tone took over, "I want to do this and be back before I hit the six-month mark."
"They win. They win at being big douchy assholes who get their way. And they're doing it now, to you, because they think they own the planet,"
"I figured we were about due for a game of 'I never,' so," Kevin said gruffly, jumping down to the floor as only Kevin could, "I'll go first."
"Um," Ben started, stepping further into the room, "Mind telling me what started all that just now?"
Word had reached him through a text from his father that Kayla would be arriving the following day, and it seemed certain enough that he couldn't put it off any longer. Sitting down to join into Liam's game involving several small cars, a large stack of plastic cups, and a plush dinosaur, he attempted to ease into the news, "Looks like you're having fun. I bet your mom would think it's cool."
"Well, he's dead... And we just had the funeral, and then, I don't know, my parents said they aren't putting an announcement in the paper yet, but they're getting married..."
The moment Melody was out of the room, Claire stripped and dressed herself at lightening speed, only pausing in Jaime's room for an outfit before traipsing downstairs to find him, as expected, at the kitchen table.
"Oh, shit," Alfie breathed, pulling his hand away, "Claire, I'm sorry. You told me to, I thought you were awake."
He knew from past experience helping a friend that treatment for illicit drug use could not be reported to a minor's parents, but that didn't seem too likely where Caitlin was concerned. On the other hand, college was stressful, and had she been given the option to take something to lower stress or keep her awake, she may have opted for a chemical advantage, and a bad reaction to a drug not prescribed to her would qualify.
Claire nodded, walking away, "Great work. You should be a detective. Find some way to pin the Jack the Ripper killings on the disemboweled hookers."
"I am not kicking Kevin out of the room!" Margaret snapped, "He's the guy that put the baby in there in the first place... No, I don't care if you were there for your other grandkid's birth, that has nothing to do with me. I'm doing this without you... Fine, I just won't tell you when I'm there. And if - IF- I feel like company, I'll let you know when I'm home from the hospital... No, because if something goes wrong, there's nothing you can do, anyway, that's why I'm having it at the hospital instead of at your house, duh... No, we didn't, and we're not going to. We've decided to be platonic life-partners with benefits."
"Women... Really high pain tolerance... They need it, of course, y'know, for childbirth. But if you overdid it with the same tendon, you'd probably be on the ground right now, not trying to organize a garage."
She gripped the desk and tried to flex her leg backward, the doubts plaguing her mind getting louder.
One of his teammates, he couldn't for the life of him remember the guy's name at the moment but he was fairly certain it was one of the ones who wasn't obnoxious, wobbled up next to the couch, and without a word, tipped a generous portion of an unidentifiable amber liquid from a bottle into his cup. Come to think of it, it was probably the host of the party, whose parents were away.
"A little, I guess?" Julie replied, running her fingers through his hair as he rested his head on her stomach where they'd gotten comfortable on the couch, "I mean, I don't have a lot of nice stuff that still fits, and... I don't know, I was such a complete-"
"Because most guys are bigger than most girls, and have more upper body mass, making it an unfair fight." Ben parroted.
"Huh," Lee mused, giving a small nod, "And how come you aren't at the middle school for the dance tonight?"
"Our kids are not easy." Dean replied firmly, "They're great people, but they're... They're okay, because we give them everything we've got."
"Well they must think they've got a chance if they keep bugging you to sell your parcel." Claire said, looking out the window.
"Margaret, please, I have been freaking out since your dad said this is his grandson." Kevin answered, "I just need to know before I put my foot in my mouth big time."
"And she's obviously less than comfortable with the idea that you think she might be involved with someone other than her boyfriend, in fact she's insulted by it... And Claire, didn't you say your co-worker was making comments along the same line?"
having sex? Isn't that the whole point? But you're sleeping with her, you're in a relationship, you've had girlfriends. It's like you say one thing and do another, what's the point of saying it in the first place if you're not going to stick with it?"
"What?" Dean asked, "You know if you're bored, or just tired of sitting around at home all day, you can just come over, any time you want. I know Cas would love to spend some time with you."
Cynthia set her hands on the wheel, then let one drop to her lap, "Grandma called you some really bad stuff."
"We weren't ready for that," Claire replied, "Hell, we weren't ready when we started, but we did pretty good taking a couple steps back when we did."
"There's a fence. It's not in good shape, but since this part of the ranch, back here," Cas paused to gesture out the window, "Isn't used much, I don't really bother with it."
"I wasn't going to hurt anyone." Claire's voice was barely a whisper. "Kevin said to stay offline, and not get a new phone, but... he can't stop people from sticking death threats in my locker."
"No offense to your dad, who isn't even here, c'mon, you know me." Kevin continued, turning to Alfie. "Not like you're doing anything, right?"
"Well, we haven't actually decided to start trying yet, so it's still a maybe... Dean said with Ben moving out, Dad wants to switch houses."
Claire let her arms drop, "She didn't go to the bakery because she needed a pad. She went because the school dance is coming up, like every year, and not only did nobody ask her to go, she asked two boys going on advice from the idiots at the shop, and the boys both thought that was funny as hell. She needed to be around other women for a bit, and god knows I'm busy, and that's pretty much the reason aunts exist."
Henry chuckled, "I had a lot of time read, for a few years, when I wasn't working on anger management."
"I could have your attention much more easily than trying to cause drama. I can barely adjust my clothing without you drooling."
"I guess you could call Jack, if you want," Ben suggested, "No rush on that, though, if I don't get to him right away."
"I'm really grateful for everything you've done for me, Eleanor. Wouldn't be where I'm at without you. But I think it's about time for me to see what I can do to make sure other people are able to get to the same place I've reached," Ivan answered.
"What was I supposed to do? The bike wasn't working," Alfie replied, righting himself and settling into the seat properly.
Cas was confused, but blase enough not to answer. He might have questioned Lucius' meaning, had he enough mental energy that day to attempt to hold a conversation simply on the standing of manners, but he did listen.
Ben looked around the room. It was fairly average, only a couple framed photos of Claire on the filing cabinet in the corner marked it as Cas'. Turning back to the desk, Ben bit his lower lip. "I didn't hit him this time, he just said I did."
Dean gave a small groan, "She'll rip me a new one if I do. Best bet would be to get Alfie on board, let him make the report."
"He mentioned troubled students as they were progressing from elementary to middle school, but the only child he expressly told me he'd be concerned with Ben spending time with was Trey. It was shortly before we got married. He couldn't have meant anyone else," Cas answered as he moved to the door.
Reluctantly, Cas got to his feet, and Alfie dragged his own as Sam got them seated across a corner from each other, and went to the cupboard, not fully considering his actions as he grabbed three glasses and a large, nearly full bottle, not taking the time to read the label on the clear liquid.
Cas soon realized he'd stayed all night, not meaning to, but that rushing home wouldn't help anything. His mind was looking for any distraction it could get.
"Got a whole damn herd of 'em, there's what, two hundred in the school? ... And you say I pick up strays."
The man turned quickly, and pulled his hand away from Margaret's stomach, "Heh, well, you know, babies. So precious."
"Maybe he finally learned to trust my judgement." Claire answered sardonically, "It's not that he doesn't care that you're gone for a couple days, okay? But what happened today was crap, he knows where you'll be and that you're safe, so, y'know... safer than the fucking junkyard... Anyway, this... this is gonna give everybody some time to calm down... And if he hears anything, he'll call."
Ben paced for a bit, trying to build up some courage before heading downstairs. It wasn't working. He stared out the window, and strained his ears at the door, trying to place where Cas and Dean might be, perfectly aware that nothing he did was going to put off the talking-to he had coming.
Whether Cas heard her call, or just her landing on the floor, and whether or not she actually vocalized her call out to him, or whether it was psychic intention that got through, I'll leave that up to the individual reader, as with a few sequences that are coming up, which I'll point out when we get to them.
"So, the place I went... I guess I gave them my new email, because they sent me an update on Friday, I found it this morning... I don't have anything." Claire said softly, "So, do you go and get checked sometimes, or..?"
He looked up from his plate to find Ben had stopped eating, and was clearly fighting back some kind of expression he didn't want Dean to see.
"How did it happen in the first place? You're just missing all day yesterday, and suddenly you appear in a car you love that's covered in damage." Cas looked shaken by the memory, "At this point I'm not sure alien abduction is out of the question."
The 4th grade classes began to enter the cafeteria, taking their usual route, through the rear door, along the wall, children with lunch boxes sitting down immediately, the rest filing through the cafe line.
"What else could you say?" Alfie mimicked a high voice, "'Keep your hands off my man, Julie. I'll rip out your hair extensions!' I mean, if she was looking for a fight, why give her what she wants, right?"
Cas nodded, as habit brought him out of the room and toward the kitchen, "I am. I'm scared for the kids... And if they aren't scared of these changes themselves, they're even more broken than we thought, and I'm very concerned that you don't seem to see it!"
Cas nodded as his cell phone began to ring, "See what you can do for Amy, if it's particularly bad, I'll sit in on Friday."
Kevin shook his head, "You are setting yourself up for disappointment, man. Rachel's not family material, and she hates this town. You haven't seen her in how long? And not for lack of trying, though I wouldn't put it past her to call your bike wreck a ploy for attention."
Dean hovered over Cas' shoulder where he was seated at the desk, and once the clip in question had played through, ending with Lucas pulling Melody from the frame, and Hughes getting up from the sofa in an aggressive manner, pacing and yelling in the direction Lucas had gone, Dean broke the stillness, "It's not much, I know. Probably just-"
As she went back into her room, Melody was sure she heard her brother, still fussing, telling Alfie that the bug had been named Max because it had the maximum number of legs. She found that odd, as a millipede or centipede would have had many more. She puzzled after her mother's statement about getting drunk, about what one of the 'really bad ones' meant, and out of habit, looking for signs of the outside world beginning to wake, she went to her window.
Kevin considered sending Alfie a text concerning the results, but as Claire drifted off, concluded that it wasn't his news to share, and made a mental note to suggest she call Alfie rather than text him when she woke up.
"Okay, first round." Jess said, reaching for one of the bottles to top up the glasses at her end of the table as Dean was doing the same, "Keep these full... Everybody seems pretty stressed out, so we're going to start with Ben, get him out of here faster."
"No matter what I do, even if he lives to be a hundred, he's gonna die someday." Margaret said through her tears, "And I'm just not okay with that!"
She broke away, taking a small gasp as as she did, catching Dean by the arm, and guiding him to stand behind her. She pulled her long, red hair over one shoulder, giving him access to her neck as she pulled Castiel close again. Dean dropped his mouth to her neck and shoulder. His forehead bumped against Castiel's shoulder as his mouth moved.
(A/N: Getting back on track and catching up to myself. Still not as much progress as I was making before, but, booyah!
Catching Dean's sarcasm easily, Sam shook his head, "Ouch. So how long is he on the couch for? Or is he allowed back in the house yet?"
Alfie changed the subject quickly, setting his hands on Claire's abdomen just below her navel, "Hi, Baby. Your big sister Melody wants to say hi to you."
"Yeah. Guns. You said that last time you were this far gone. To Alfie's face, even, right after he helped you with the pickle jar. Goodnight, dad."
"After a certain point that beat-down would have been worse for her than for him. And if he had some adrenaline kick in, she might have gotten hurt, I had to break it up."
Dean could feel how hard Cas had gotten in the short time they'd been in the room, and found it encouraging as he moved to work his belt open. He was vaguely aware that Cas was kicking his shoes off somewhere behind him to speed the process. He had been about to tear Cas' slacks from his legs, but instead, pulled away.
Matt stared after Xander's back with a small squint until the front door, in his line of sight, had closed behind Xander, "I guess I was worried for nothing. You've got that dumbass whipped, huh?"
He set a plate of scrambled eggs and bacon in front of her at the table, with both a fork and a spoon, just in case, and then gathered her long locks, pulling them back behind her shoulders. He was distracted by the feel of several odd tangles hidden deep in her hair. She hadn't been able to brush it properly.
"Yeah, well, I already know that part. And for some reason he thought I wouldn't want any more after Mel."
"You know I did. But daddy has to work. Now I'm home, I'm all yours, I'm not working on anything for a week. Promise." Ivan replied. He quickly wrangled them back to the car, stopping to greet Julie properly before returning to the side of the bus to collect his things.
Claire started to shrug, regretting it immediately. "Shit... um, after I can move again, and before all the good ones are gone."
"I can't tell you what she'll think, but if you're interested in someone else, you could say so, but I wouldn't mention who, in case she's jealous."
Jess had been watching them from the porch, and with an encouraging smile to Been, she followed Sam in.
"It looks that way, yes. I'm from Child Protective Services, we have a case open concerning Xander Stansfield, we're trying to cover all bases as his mother is placing him with your father and his husband. Do you have time to answer a few questions for me?"
"No, I do, it's just-" Julie replied quickly, her cheeks turning pink as she realized she'd said it without meaning to.
The door of the front office opened while Claire was still chuckling at Alfie, and she started down the hallway, nearly reaching the desk before she set eyes on the girl across from her. Her smile waned, "Hi, Julie."
"Yeah, I know. It helps when you hear it right to your face, right? Not everybody is that honest. Sometimes it's irritating, but I know I can believe anything she says," Alfie answered.
"You need to sleep," Alfie told her, unable to resist giving one side of her ass a squeeze, "Go on upstairs, I'll bring Mel."
"Dude, she's your mom, she loves you, right?" Kevin asked in exasperation, "Or at least, she's supposed to?"
Kevin nodded, still deep in thought, then turned to look out the bedroom door, "Why did she bring Ben over?"
"You two were clearly trying to have a private conversation, now you've got a chance to do that. And anyway, she looks shocked enough she might actually hear you out, and in your room you can show her that message board, y'know, privately, if that's something you want to do? Might calm shit down," Dean explained, "If not, well, at least she's not breaking windows."
Ivan leaned in and kissed her softly, rubbing her back gently before stepping away and heading for his truck, parked down the block.
Ben had blueish bruising around his cheekbone and eyebrow, and the softer tissues were starting to turn brown. A small tear in the skin was visible where impact must have happened, but at the same time he had something of a satisfied look in his eyes.
"Well, I know you don't like the guy, but Kevin knows a few musicians, get something useful out of him sometime when he won't stop talking."
For once, the plague of busybodies were nowhere to be seen as Julie scurried between the few tables she had, and bussing a few others while Cyndi was occupied.
Alfie accompanied her back toward the shop, glancing at Cas and Ben as they made it to the road behind them, "Claire?"
"That's unfortunate, but hopefully you'll find some personal growth in this experience. And maybe next time, you won't leave a child bleeding in a chair while you send his attacker on his way with a pat on the head." Cas replied, meeting his eyes.
Claire rolled over in the dark, finding herself alone in the bed, but she was certain she heard voices coming from downstairs. The kitchen was directly below her, and every now and again, she heard the sink run.
"Was that the same year I was born?" Cynthia expounded, "And my mom didn't come around at all, because he's not my real dad, or if he is, he has to hide it because she was younger than me when she got pregnant, and he-... I don't know how old he was, but it was-"
"Yes, it is. It won't take long to go over the programs, we only have a few, and the phone only has two lines." Claire replied.
"Don't give her that kind of power, tell him first, and tell him why. But do try to keep in mind that he has every right to be upset about the situation, perhaps even irrational... Although I think he's far less likely to involve a tire iron."
The tears came faster now, and her voice shook with isolated sobs, "This is my fault... I practically held you down."
Gabe stopped in his tracks, giving her a critical look, before raising an eyebrow in Cas' direction, "Is that right? ...You're not a believer in Old Saint Nick?"
"I just think, you know, to be on the safe side... I can't exactly drop all my appointments and come running, I need to know in advance so I can schedule- How the hell are you...? Nevermind. Anyway, just, as many people as there's going to be, you know-"
"I promise, no post-coital torture this time." Dean said firmly, before softening his voice. "So, is this okay with you? And you know, you can stop any time you want, if you change your mind. That's okay to do."
"I'm the one picking up the slack with the kids and housework and anything else that needs done, and the baby makes that a whole lot harder. So, I very politely told them what I need this morning, and I suggest you do what they did, and listen."
"I'm a selfish bastard, and I want you all to myself, even while you're forgiving me for crap I wasn't trying to do in the first place," Alfie said quietly, looking out the window rather than face her, "No part of this is okay, okay? And I just... Thinking about you with somebody else, I can't..."
Ben clearly was not convinced, and set his fork down, scratching at his forehead, but try as he might, he couldn't hide the tears. Dean slid his chair back, and motioned him over for a hug.
"Stunning," Cas replied, smoothing the front of Dean's shirt. He gently corrected a few errant pieces of Dean's still damp hair, and checked that the back of his jacket collar was in place.
"You're not useless. You have things a little harder than everyone else, and you keep kicking ass... I know that can be really tiring, I know it's hard, trust me, I understand, but... At least we're not boring, right?" Claire offered.
Alfie shrugged, "Can't help you with that. Maybe you should think about the people you're hanging out with, if you really want to be that kind of person."
"Adventures?" Millie asked cautiously. He noted the look of trepidation in her eyes as she withdrew and opened the card, finding tickets to a live comedy show at large theater nowhere near home.
"Right. That's why you're upset, yet you're still getting closer. I can predict your next move will be an attempt to goad me into some sort of aggressive sex, slamming you into the mattress or something because it makes you feel 'claimed,'" Cas replied.
Claire rolled her eyes, prompting him to sit up against the wall. She swung the door open and started for the living room, only to hear the front door shut with a click.
"Getting busted for pot in another state is completely different than knocking up an underage girl and then... Then ignoring her and the baby for the better part of two years... And... I mean, when she's older, is it going to be easier to hear you're not her real dad, or have one of those loudmouth hags tell her you only came around and took responsibility when she could walk?"
"No. Technically," Castiel paused, stifling a moan, which caught Dean's attention, "'holy fuck' would be accurate and acceptable."
Frustrated by the dynamic between them that he had a grasp of, if not a deep understanding, Cas turned slightly in place, rolling his eyes.
"I'm sorry," Dean corrected himself, "I mean, I'm glad at least you're here, not your fault, that just came out wrong."
An indication of some sort was given, and the young woman nodded, and began to play a variation of a fairly old song he was certain he'd heard before, somewhere. He couldn't place it until she began the chorus.
"I have no idea, but I can see why you don't know either. God." Kevin replied in his best sassy tone. He learned quickly that that had been a mistake, and did little to disarm the burly man.
Dean burst with laughter. "Oh, man, that's girls, huh? Glad I've got Ben... I, uh... did I scare her yesterday, or is she always that jittery?"
Kevin ripped a paper towel from the dispenser at his own end of the counter of sinks, blotting his face quickly as he stood, "All the shit you guys take from me... And Claire saved my life this weekend. All I do is screw shit up."
Julie's bedroom door creaked open, catching both their attentions as Susie leaned on the frame, rubbing her eyes against the light, "It's after eleven, and you're still talking loud."
She laughed hard in his arms, dropping her forehead against his shoulder as they continued to sway and turn.
"Makeup. Payback, bitch!" Millie exclaimed under her breath, "Tell me again how we're burning down the barn with us inside, that was getting romantic."
"Uh... My mom called, said I had to come back, said I was a horrible person, and just using my dad, said he wasn't even my real father, and I freaked out, just wanted to be somewhere else... So, I get to the end of the road, it's supposed to rain, and I'm getting the mail. This box came for him, it was going to get soaked, so I brought it over here... He said I was a mess and asked if I was having problems with my dad, sent me home with a gun."
"Speak to Ben about that. Or, better yet, speak to Mike. Offer this support you're so concerned he needs," Cas answered before abruptly ending the call.
"Because she was bored last time," Xander clarified, "And if we wind up shooting off a rocket or something, we'll go right past you to get her involved, but I promise, she'd be bored, and you'd leave early anyway."
"I was doing one-eighties... The steering in that thing is just... really tight... You wouldn't believe it."
Claire shook her head, "No, but the handwriting is really different, so, I'm guessing a bunch of people."
Claire squirmed slightly where she sat, and rubbed a low spot on the back of her head, "His hand got caught in my hair, and I freaked out, it wasn't his fault... And he said he wanted to know, so... um..."
(A/N: Still alive! Still no explanation why my heart is running too fast, and having chest pain. It's cool, though, it would take something a while lot bigger and badder than me to take me out, so...
Jack chuckled, "So, I just figured, you've had kids for a while, you probably know who to talk to, who to avoid, and-"
"Yeah, you sound like you're fine," Alfie responded sarcastically as he started for the kitchen to get her some ice.
"Dude, you've met her sister. Same thing, but with more whining." Kevin stuck a forkful of his own food in his mouth and then gestured to Melody,
He went up the front steps and let himself in quietly, only to find Claire sitting on the couch with her arms around Ben's shaking shoulders, and Nick on Ben's other side, as much in his lap as any large dog could manage.
The puppies were beginning to wear out, having gotten exercise and interaction, and having hosed out the paved floor of the kennel, and handled the food and water that had spilled, he rounded the small dogs up and took Nick back inside, the puppies following after her.
"Hey, hey," Claire cut him off with a short wave of her hand over the desk as he wiped his eyes, "She came to talk to me about it last night, said some guy thought you two were messing around because she threw up out behind that hedge. She told me he shoved you into a wall, and when she said she's twelve, the guy was ready to kill you. Is that about right?"
Dean jokingly suggested making another run at the leftover pies, and Sam had made a cryptic remark about fried chicken and their father passed out on the couch, leading to Dean shooting him a warning glance, and jerking his head toward Ben. Claire had a distinct feeling she knew the meaning behind the gesture.
"But you hate it. And you would have changed it when they were going to let you, but you couldn't choose between them, and now you don't know, and all that. I heard all of it. And I'm not weirded out, I just need to know what we're doing before we start sending out invitations."
Dean shrugged, "Mike turned sewing on a button into a question about family violence. He's scared. That's not the Kevin we know. I'm good letting Margaret sort him out, as long as I don't see any sign of bruises on her, but if he's acting weird-, well, weird for him, anyway, we might just need to swap them out and put Kevin up here until he's stable."
"Did she own the building?" Alfie asked, turning a page in the file, "No, I see, it's been owned by a property management company since the sixties. She leased it. Well, just like you can't inherit a rented apartment, you're going to have to let that go. Also, looks like the land under the building belongs to the city... Your mother might have run a business here, but it was never hers outside of the business itself. K.M.A. bakeries has no ties to your mother, other than having purchased the equipment and taken over the space from your daughter, Aubrey, so we could get the, I dunno, the bridge of the Starship Enterprise in here, for all it matters to you. But we won't have this kind of harassment in a place of business, and we won't tolerate you bothering our employees. Now, I'm not a lawyer, but I know a whole bunch of them. I'm sure Millie can give me your full name, date of birth, address, and number, should you come within ten feet of the door again..."
"Okay," Dean answered, stroking the side of Cas' face and giving him a gentle kiss, "I'll be back in a while, but if you're still in bed when I get back, I'm gonna throw you in the shower."
"Possibly the stress, I'm not sure," Cas said quietly, "I know that while you were handling the wound, you took my shirt off, but I can't seem to remember you actually doing it."
"That, um, stuff, the computer stuff with the pictures, the photography tricks where sometimes it's digital, sometimes it's not, right?"
"Biological imperative," Kevin agreed, "What's best for the pack keeps the kiddos safe and sound. Ain't that right, kiddo?"
"How about I go show mom the house while you-... That's not the same engine." Alfie said softly, as Rachel started for the door into the house.
"No way, he totally uses it for his handle, because he rides." Kevin said, his back to Alfie, as Alfie shook his head.
The school day went by fairly easily, with Jack joining them, and Trey avoiding all three. Over the break, Xander had let slip a few things about Trey, and the Lyttons had apparently had it out with Trey's parents in a rather loud phone call. This hadn't helped Jack's reputation any, but he seemed to be taking it in stride.
"He said Will is acting weird, and they're trying to keep him away from me. He said Will's story isn't adding up."
"I didn't ask for this!" he snapped, before quickly glancing toward Susie with a hint of fear, as though he were concerned at how well he'd be able to manage his temper, and what repercussions might come of it.
Cas nodded. "There is a fireproof box in the back of the closet in my office. Inside is a copy your birth certificate and the DNA test that the hospital required before they'd list me on it. Of course, you send away for that, so it was provisional, if the test came back negative or inconclusive, I would have been able to remove myself from it, easily, but even then, I had already made my decision."
"I cannot believe the nerve of you," her uncle's voice rumbled low, "You scammed her out of her inheritance, and I will find out how."
Claire was wracking her brain for a witty comeback when Alfie chimed in, his words slowly paced, "So, you're saying we should be very careful to try to finish at the same time?"
He finally met her eyes with a look of disbelief, as though he wasn't sure he'd heard her correctly.
"What is that supposed to mean?" Ivan asked quickly in a hushed tone, "It's Lila we're talking about. She stayed with us for a week last year, she played with the girls, I thought you two hit it off?"
With Lauren already down for the night, not wanting to wake her, he ushered Melody into Jaime's bedroom and closed the door, "Explain yourself."
Closing the distance to the porch, Cas slowed. Perhaps it was the shadows, or the temperature, or some hint of a forgotten scent, but a memory returned as he found himself looking at the chairs on the porch.
"I figured that part out, at least, okay? I don't want to die," Ivan breathed a sigh of relief at her words, and waited as she continued, nodding to himself, "I thought about walking away from all of it, and if that's what it takes, I'll do it, I'll be a washed up has-been, I just don't want to die... I'm scared."
"Hey!" Dean called, pointing to the paper in his hand, "Why do you hang out with this kid in the first place?" Ben rolled his eyes and walked away, causing Dean to turn back to Cas, "So we have proof it was Ben?"
He set the bag down on the couch and went into the kitchen, picking up the cordless receiver. "Hello?"
Kevin shrugged to indicate his helplessness to do so as he shook his head, "At least it looks good on him, he had that part right."
"No, but at this point, I wouldn't put it past her to flush the damn thing," Nathan answered, muffled.
"Yeah, but if I get the epidural, then I have to lay down, and I don't want to lay down, I want to move." Margaret answered.
Cas opened his bedroom door, "I suppose... I'll stay close to home tomorrow, and keep an eagle eye out."
"I got here last night with my mom, and had no idea you were here until I go to park my ass in the waiting room, and I look up and there's Dean. And since Ben was right next to him, I'm thinking, maybe Sandman, but he was still in Dallas. Anyway, Mrs Latimer was freaking out, Will's dad was in New Jersey for work, and my mom came down to help her make calls and stuff... Like picking a funeral home."
"Yeah, I don't doubt it... Listen, your dad is starting to get worried about having her right smack in the middle of the yard, like that. All those safety concerns you twisted my arm on-"
"Okay... Is it because of before Mel, when it didn't last?" Alfie asked, his voice dropping to a whisper.
"Kevin... Open your mouth, lad," Crowley steadied Kevin's head with one hand more gently than he'd intended, prised his jaw open with little effort, and without hesitation inserted two fingers aimed for the back of Kevin's throat. There was a moment of panic and gasping, and a weak struggle ensued as Kevin gagged and coughed and tried to push Crowley away, but Crowley tipped the boy forward to double him over as he suddenly vomited violently, mostly into the large pot.
"Cas...?" it was coming. He could feel it. And if he had to field that question, which he was certain to get from several people, repeatedly... If he had to look Dean in the eyes and see any sort of doubt there, he was sure the relationship would never be the same.
"So, y'know," Kevin said quietly, giving Linda's hand a squeeze, "Coming up on thirty in a couple of years, you knew I couldn't stay young and pretty forever... I had to get a couple scars so I could transition to 'ruggedly handsome.' Samandriel's slacking off, I'm gonna get more babes than him."
Watching the glass, aware Claire was yelling angrily about something, a large repair manual flew past, pages loose as it spun through the air.
"It's a studio," Alfie corrected her, "He's setting up his own label, but on the side, and I actually mean on the side, as in, next property over, a tiny little hush-hush rehab with a private airstrip. He wants a facility set up where people can fly in, dry out, work on the sort of projects that give them reason to keep going in their free time, and fly back out."
He had intended to shower, pack a few things, and leave again, but delayed himself by taking his cigarettes from his hiding spot in the kitchen to the back porch where he'd be undisturbed. He let the smoke dissipate before returning back inside, stowing his bad habit away for another time and showered, setting his medications and a few changes of clothes in a bag to be collected later on.
He could make out what the woman was saying on the phone, just barely. Worrying about the bills, worrying about her child, even worrying about the children who'd seen it happen. Tears were evident in her tone.
"Look..." Dean said, taking on the most intimidating stance he had, "I'm a business owner in this community, too. I've had a good working relationship with your old man so far, but if we have to do this the hard way, word is gonna get out... Now, you're not going to get any use out of his clothes, so let the kid get his shit, and I won't have to come back over here later and give your old man the same talk."
"Shhh! As long as I can hear the engine, I'm okay, so just shut up, okay? Then, when we're on the ground again, then you can go back to letting your testicles turn you into a pig, and it'll be fine."
Castiel tugged at his belt, still in his jeans, until Dean obediently lifted his hips. "You use any name in bed with me, it had better be mine. Any variation you want, no matter how old, but anyone else's, and I leave."
Dean tried to ignore her and focus on his pre-packaged frozen bowl of scrambled eggs, potatoes, and bacon, but she put her front paws up on the side of his leg, and gave a weak attempt at a howl.
Jack scoffed, "Do they take credit cards? Checks? How much could it cost to do it out of pocket? Did she say how long it's been lapsed for?"
"If you ever do something or ever did something that could lead to serious prison time, and you involve my daughter or granddaughter in any way... I don't think I really need to finish that sentence."
"Huh... Okay. I would go with the chainsaw." Claire answered, moving to the Dodge Ram in the second bay.
"Yeah. Yeah, no worries." Sam answered, "You might want to have a long talk with Ben, though, before he finds out. Maybe ask him about his buddy's sister. I think he's getting the wrong idea."
He considered the way Cas had easily lifted Claire from the floor of the shop, and wondered, if he had children of his own in the future, what kind of father he would be. Cas had been quiet, sometimes even sullen, lately, and it had been obvious at home that he'd fallen into some sort of a funk, but the moment they'd gotten to the shop, seeing Claire on the ground, bleeding, suddenly it was like it had never happened.
Cas stifled a suggestion of placing it over her face as Amelia shot daggers at Crowley with her eyes, "Don't call me that."
"Damn... And here I thought we were having a good week, I hadn't had a single walk-in." Kevin said, pulling her close.
A bit more awake, Mike lifted the frame from the floor only to become uncertain where he was taking it, and noticed not a nail, as he'd expected, but a proper picture hook was left stuck in the wall, on which the weight caught, keeping the sharp metal hook from slipping past or falling free, and was likely still perfectly reusable where they sat at a nearly unnoticeable height on the wall.
Cas, at a loss for words, squeezed her tighter, then made his way out of the room. Claire waited until she heard his bedroom door close before stepping to the desk, and picking up the picture.
"We are, just, ladies' hair takes a lot longer. It's complicated," Alfie assured him, "Now sit down and get buckled again. Mel, tell Uncle Kevin to text me, and that I'm picking you up after. And no more than three or four streaks, got it?"
"Well, I'm a home owner, so, as long as the taxes are paid, that's not going to happen. But as for Singer, my boss is very supportive. He even brought his fiance out to see the Led Zeppelin cover band I played with last year."
"She must think a lot of you, to help you after you put her job at risk... You do know she could have been replaced, don't you?"
"You're some sick bitch if you want to stay and wa-" the statement had begun in a sneer, but ended in a yelp as something struck him hard.
Jack gestured in the way she'd gone, and back to Ben in obvious frustration, "Oh my god! I know your last girlfriend was shit, but you gotta get back on the horse, man! Or at least have something to mount!"
"No. But I've had some time to clear my head, and I think I'm in a better spot to give you some answers, if you need them. But it's a really private subject, and I don't want to get too far into it, understand?"
The man shrugged, pulling a pack of cigarettes from his back pocket and glancing around the lot, likely trying to make the most of his unexpected break as he lit up, "You Julie's kid?"
"Hey, Mom, why aren't you home? I thought you were taking Liam in for a check up?" Jack said, loading washer, which made his voice choppy.
Alfie nodded, "Well, just, usually, you put that stuff on because I've been a good boy... And I haven't, so... I'm sorry, I guess the real question is, did you have something you needed me to do to you?"
At yet another lunch, Alfie was doing his best to keep his sanity, but now, Naomi had spilled the beans about his change of name.
Sheriff Mills shook her head, "I'm not trying to take down an international diamond smuggling ring... I mean, I would if you have one for me, but, all I want is a better understanding of what the heck is going on."
Margaret shook her head as she hurriedly put her shoes on, "I don't want to strain my weak, female brain trying to tell you how to do your job."
"How is that coming across for you?" Margaret asked, turning on the turn signals as Claire indicated each side, walking around the car in the cramped space of the garage, "Is that like a weird, convenient coincidence, or is that a sign?"
"'No hard falls,' 'no getting hit the belly,' 'no doing anything strenuous,' basically I can sit here and eat a couple pieces of candy,    but not too much. That's it."
"I don't care, I'd make it work. Anything is better than sending her back. I think she knows that, too, and that scares the hell out of me, what she might do about it."
She'd been like a rag doll, loose jointed, and mumbling. She watched as Alfie had taken her to the window, and carried her back to the bed. She assumed that she had lost consciousness at that point, but when Alfie got in beside her, she had tugged at his shirt.
"So you support them? It's a yes or no thing, Carl, you do, or you don't. You don't put conditions on how much you love your kids. Me and Cas, we love Xander, we're gonna be there, we're gonna happy for him, and we are thrilled to have Cora in our family. We're gonna treat her like one of our own, hell, we already do."
"Try again." Claire said with a chuckle, setting down the laptop, and getting onto the bed, still holding the phone to her ear.
A moment later, Alfie dropped onto the pavement next to her on his back, his head at the edge of the hot tub. He held up two unopened cans of soda of different types to let her choose one.
After dropping off Margaret and Kevin, Claire turned the car toward home, as Alfie, who'd been doing shots with Margaret, began humming a tune, and rolled the window down.
"Then, if you want, there's a, uh... A Cutlass, a four-two-two or something over at Singer that Claire said was pretty good."
"Aunt Millie?" Melody called, setting her backpack on the small chair in the corner, "Please tell me there's strawberry stuff today, I need it."
Tuesday, Kevin was leaving the gas station with a bag full of odd candies Margaret had been looking for at the grocery store when she'd called him in tears, and he spotted a familiar face raising a broken down car onto the flatbed of the tow truck, and started across the lot.
"What she said," Xander confirmed, gesturing to Cora before turning his attention back to the wall, "Could be worse, though. One time Jaime got all excited and bouncy, and Ben got racked with a toy firetruck."
"Very funny." Ivan answered him, turning back to Claire, "Julie's car has something up with the steering, can't put that off, y'know."
"Well, he said aside from A, and F, they all end in ee, so, if you said the sizes as Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, Delta, it would be harder to  mix them up, and they wouldn't have to change the size on the tag or  anything." Ivan said with a shrug.
Uri took a deep breath, and narrowed his eyes. "I have no use for troublemakers, Cas. Whatever your personal involvement might be."
Thanks for reading! Hoping to have this story done before GISHWHES, if not, there will be a break during the hunt.
"Samandriel, please. Obviously you knew the risks of swallowing something as pungent as kerosene. If you were that desperate to amuse yourselves, it must have been worth it," Crowley murmured in an unamused tone as he retreated to the guest room, "I'll rest a bit easier knowing you had the sense to stay out of the water. Life isn't something to be so careless with."
Seemingly out of nowhere, Cas put a firm hand to Dean's chest, forcing him upward a few inches before raising his head to kiss him hungrily, not caring as his teeth grazed against Dean's lips, tasting him deeply, "Sit up, I want to watch you move."
Claire glanced down the hallway anxiously, turning back to watch Alfie again as he leaned in, upending the bottle into the funnel, letting her mind wander.
"You got used to not being the one in control before, you eased up... I'm not scared, I've got you with me, and maybe you'd be happier if you could just kind of, well, go along for the ride. It doesn't have to be under your thumb every minute."
Kevin stifled a gag at the thought, as Margaret got up and went back to the kitchen. He heard a disgusted noise a moment later.
"I have no idea. But I guess you could ask Cas. His whole thing with Claire is one giant mess. They turned out okay."
Alfie wondered about the dream - gold chains and diamonds hurting him, killing her, causing pain as she'd moved further from him. It wasn't entirely out of place. He'd worried for years about the fact that his family's wealth and influence had caused a death connected to her, and what her reaction would be if she ever found out. Now, though, he wondered how that same complication could damage her, or his connection to her in other ways.
She'd had a few scares before Cyndi, but somehow this one wasn't quite so scary. Maybe it should have been, she was living in a mobile home with an ex-con she'd only been dating for a few months... On the other hand, he was reading a princess book, and doing exaggerated voices for each character to keep her toddler happy and involved until it was time to cook green beans.
"Well, you've been married for a while, now you're getting the bakery back, he's got kind of settled in, are you guys making plans?" Cora asked.
Ivan nodded, "Well, give it a couple of weeks, I want to get in pretty good here, maybe make manager, since more people are coming in after me, then we'll get her back at the desk so she doesn't go crying about it just because somebody says she has a nice ass."
"You still haven't fixed the paint, it's supposed to rain tonight, if you aren't going to park it in the shop or the paint shed, you could at least put the damn cover on it!" Dean gestured to the car.
Claire turned toward the stairs. "I'm fine. I can take a slap to the face without bugging the neighbors."
On the dark front porch, Cas had pressed Dean firmly against the wall, and each was doing their best to keep their affections silent.
The movie wasn't something he'd watch a second time, but even bored as he was, Mike hoped their plan of a brief distraction from the humdrum and grief would do Cas some good, even if it was only the sound of Melody sitting between them and giggling hard at what he considered a bland joke.
He hurried into his room, setting everything down on the bed, carefully, and went back to the kitchen. Julie had moved to the living room, toward the bedroom at the other end of the house, but he caught her shoulder with a comforting touch, and hugged her properly, "I tried to call you yesterday."
A few of the other players had a good chuckle, and the bully backed down, but another boy came close and asked him quietly, "Hey, no joke, did one of your dads do that?"
"Right..." she said, making a note, before lifting her head with a dismissive nod, "Ms Novak, I understand if this is a sore subject-"
Alfie looked at the floor, "You know, I really appreciate you and Kevin being around... Helping me out with stuff... Naomi said I could start over in Dallas, that she'd help me get set up and move there, but, I don't know."
"It got so bad she couldn't keep food down when she was trying to. Her step-dad went to Colorado and got some medical pot from his brother, made her brownies, and she put on ten pounds that month."
Dean found himself frustrated on the second day, that proving parental abandonment of a seventeen-year-old with easy access to every creature comfort in the world was likely a huge waste of time.
Cas could see that Ben, curled up with his knees out to the sides and a dark object in his hands, turning it over and over, was sitting in the middle of the roof of the car.
"Hello? ...Yeah, why? What happened?" Dean's face fell by increments as the call continued for several moments, "But nobody's hurt? ...Aren't there some tow chains in Xander's truck? He should be able to- ...Goddamnit... Yeah, no, I'll be there soon... Yeah, I know where it is, Jack, every idiot with a fast car for twenty miles knows about it. I'm leaving now."
"Anybody home?" the woman from the bar ducked her head in through the door. Seeing Dean, she slipped inside, swinging the lock bar into the room. "Gosh, you didn't tell me he's as hot as you," she said with a slightly drunken giggle.
"That's a good word, I think we can work with that, but probably only because her dad brought it up."
"I'm never asking Lucas for advice again. Him and Blake can shove it," Melody replied through weakened sobs.
He hadn't hurt anyone... that he knew of. Had something been taken out of context? Had something beyond his control been conflated, tying him to a very real trauma he'd never been part of?
Ben snorted as he pulled a box of waffles from the freezer, but kept his mouth shut, catching a warning look from Dean.
"Go put the pressure washer in Margaret's trunk, please," Dean finished, turning back to Margaret, "Can't leave the school district hanging when they ask for a favor, right? Nobody's looking at you funny, you're practically second in charge on customer relations, no reason you can't run it over as an employee, be sure to mention we're always happy to help out the public, that we do a discount on the law enforcement vehicles, and while we aren't equipped for buses, we're happy to come out and help with small emergencies. You know, for the good of the community."
Alfie had opened the front door even as Melody came running up behind his legs full tilt. He hadn't been expecting Ivan, smirking, and overdressed in pricy dark clothes, to be standing on the porch. Accepting a quick hug and stepping back, Ivan turned to greet Melody, who'd apparently forgotten him completely as she eyed him suspiciously and backed up.
"Okay, fine, let's play that game." Dean answered, angrily, "You're marrying a blonde. You're opening yourself up for accusations of a trophy wife, people calling her a bimbo, plastic Barbie, gold digger, shallow, stupid, whatever. How about you just pass her up, and go for a brunette? Pass up the hot chick and go find one who's got 'a great personality.' It's not that hard... Y'know, aside from the whole 'love' thing, that's overrated, right? That doesn't matter to you."
We have some verbal-badass!Claire in this one, and Ben opens up about something to someone, which is actually very telling.
"I think we know who's been calling the shots for a while, now. I'm just smart enough to get her to say it like I'm still in charge of stuff. If I was really any good outside of the garage, we'd have another two locations by now... And the chamber can kiss my ass, not since they made me get their damn regulation-sized sign up in town," roughly a mile passed, the town coming into view before Dean took notice of the eyes still turned in his direction. Another half mile passed before he questioned the stare, "What?"
Randy scoffed, resuming his spot under the lift in the fourth bay, "How about you, Claire? How's no-shave-November going? Haven't seen you in shorts lately."
Gabe nodded, "Okay, listen, you do not want to piss this guy off, so you better run this whole thing by me."
So many people would be hired on and have to leave in only a month or two. Twice, new hires had quit the same day. It was one thing to donate to a women's shelter, it was completely different to be exposed to women and children suffering fresh effects of abuse day in and day out.
"Oh, for the love of shit, you're both completely insufferable." Claire muttered, quickly getting up from the table and heading upstairs.
Dean nodded, "Yeah, no, I just know what all would have been nice to have when Ben came, brought them a gift basket. He was a big surprise, you know, we went into the hospital thinking we'd be coming home with a Sara. Then Ben shows up, all the stuff we'd gotten was pink, but poor kid was huge, big boy, just over nine pounds, and too big for the hospital shirts they had. And we knew he was going to be big, so we packed some little footie pajamas and sleepers that were the bigger size, not newborn, but like, zero to three months? And they were all pink and purple. But we were right down the road from a larger grocery store, so I went out and got him something to wear. Might have come home in a pink car seat, but he didn't come home in a dress."
He kept his hips raised and well away from her, which he found to be no easy task as he fought his instincts.
With a tiny grumble, certain she was going to finish her nap, she grabbed his upper arm and rolled over, pulling his arm over her like a blanket, only to find he was still holding onto the flowers as she wound up with a faceful of the colorful, sweet smelling blooms.
Alfie shook his head in an attempt to warn his mother not to try Claire on her threat, and gestured toward the living room, as in the sudden silence, Jaime's frightened, and likely guilty sobs were now far more audible.
He shrugged, "It's more than just names, those names belong to people, so even though they gave me the option, I didn't want to be, like, taking anything away from Ben, or from Claire, and especially now that Alfie went and took Claire's name, it makes it even weirder. So, neither one is really a comfortable thing."
"Now, she's feeling really tired, maybe acting a little silly from the medicine, and I don't want you to get scared. Just think of it like she's got a flu she can't spread." Dean said, as they drove toward the hospital.
"A parenting thing you missed out on... Next, I was going to hit the liquor cabinet and throw up on you, and you can laugh while I try to walk around and land on my ass a bunch of times while talking gibberish."
Cas shrugged helplessly. "You're not grounded from the prom. Just find someone else to go with, and stay away from people who hit you."
Kevin felt her arm tense around his waist. He tossed the pen and paper past the foot of the bed and stroked her damp hair back from her face before wrapping his arms around her.
"Cas?" Dean called quietly, hoping desperately Castiel would be able to pick up on it, "You would not believe this one, can you please just get here? I'm stuck, and I'm at... Shit, I don't know what road this is-"
"He would do anything to protect his family. I really think he might. I mean, maybe not over this, but,-"
Margaret's fingers curled in the fabric of his shirt, and she sat up, straddling his hips, "Take my clothes off."
Sheriff Mills nodded, "Yeah, I understand what you're trying to say... I have some tricks I can pull with the restraining order, so, unless ordered by a judge - highly unlikely - your mother won't be allowed to post bail for you."
"You have a weapon!" Her argument against opening the door would have been reasonable if it hadn't been for the mocking tone with which it was said.
"Okay, let me rephrase that... Does she respect you? Like, as a person? Or does she treat you like crap?" Ivan asked, shooting Alfie a questioning look, who returned a more approving shrug.
Millie bit her lip, "Don't know, don't care. Aubrey's selling before she sinks, Claire made sure all the equipment is coming with it, I get my ovens back. Blotch-face probably had no idea Claire was even related to you, just showed up in a pantsuit and signed papers."
"I gotta get some stuff that can't wait." Dean answered, turning on the light, "C'mon, it's almost five, one early morning is nothing. Gotta get up earlier than this for a real fishing trip."
"Yeah, well, I never know when your uncle is gonna be here, I don't want to blow my chance with her."
"Well, since I only want one thing, being male, and all, I just figured I'd come back when I want it," he answered sharply, "I sure as hell don't right now."
"I don't give a shit who's running the place, because with just a couple of phone calls, I can get the entire thing shut down. So, no more kids in the goddamn junkyard!"
"So the downstairs room is finished," Alfie remarked to no one in particular, "We're going to be adding onto the end of the house, open up Jaime's room a bit, give Lauren her own room upstairs, that kind of thing, but it'll wait until the weather's better."
"Yeah. Hang on." she replied, shutting the door to unlock the chain, and opening it again, this time, wide.
Curious, Julie followed after him, only to watch him tap on Cyndi's door before cracking it slightly and, finding her asleep, went to her window, opened it, and stuck his head through, looking around.
Entering the living room again, Henry was doing his best to avoid looking at him until he realized Kevin had jeans on. Kevin leaned on the back of the couch, addressing Henry, who waited uncomfortably on an arm chair, "Good work leading with an apology. She's going to give you a shot."
"Actually, um.. Those are for you." Dean replied, "See, I wanted to ask you out for a while, but somehow we keep winding up on one of the porches for a couple of hours, and... Anyway, I was thinking, a real date. After all this, when Claire's out of the hospital, and everything calms down... If you're up for that."
"Actually, um... Dad said that to me, one time. I think it was the second one, Pops had told him to leave the house and not come back for an hour because he was hovering. He was still freaking out a bit, said one day it'd be his last heart attack, and asked that if that happened I'd remind him something about Bobby... I think it had to do with Karen, when she passed away," Ben said quietly.
"Shit." Dean said, sitting up as Cas backed up to give him space, "Sorry, I have to check something."
"You don't have to be nice! You're family, and right now, you have every reason not to be-" Alfie continued, but Cas was busily shaking his head.
"We already help when you're not here, Dad," Cyndi answered, "So we would help the baby. But I miss the diner, I think Mom should do it."
"Dad always looks at stuff me and Jaime make. Mom, too. Parents are supposed to look, and be proud."
She toyed at his hair gently for a few minutes, eventually stroking a wide swath of it back from his face, working her nails in to soft scratch against his scalp, "Kev?"
"He's good for it. He's been whining that the kids won't let him help with the bills, and all he can do is pay off his car early and spoil the babies. Now, you also look like a guy who knows where he's stashing his smokes. They better have an accident with a mud puddle, or I'm gonna have to ask Claire about that funny smell I noticed walking through the junk yard."
"Yeah, but it's gotta be in a frame. And I mean, like, perfect condition, art gallery condition." Dean answered.
Alfie shook his head, "I just got some new employees, and I'm trying for a bit of a team-building angle. I thought having the three of them with me in a four bedroom suite would make for some kind of connection, get to know them, but it's not working like I planned. I might just go back to booking my own room and let them figure it out, they seem to have their own way of doing things, they don't really talk to me unless it's to get orders on what to do."
The office of the elementary school was bustling with parents of late arrivals, dropping off belated paperwork, and the general chaos of a morning of the beginning of the new school year. Classes had started Wednesday, and as it was now Tuesday morning, they had nearly completed one week.
"Not anymore. Smudge was really old, so..." Alfie trailed off, "Anything you want me to bring you back from Dallas?"
He let go a strangled whimper as Cas' hands slid a thick, textured, and absolutely deliciously warm silicone sleeve onto him before flattening him down to the bench to enter him once more, nearly making him scream at the sudden intrusion.
"I know I told you I regret it, Cassie, but past that, I'm sorry we met when I didn't know how to be anything but a bastard twice over. Maybe if it had been a few years later, or as kids, we could've been okay."
Claire looked up from where she'd been studying the wood grain of the table, "Yeah, I know, you said last night that you miss me."
Tuesday, Alfie had run out of small projects, and Dean wasn't ready to haul out the transmission of the Taurus just yet.
Dean flexed his thighs against Cas' waist, nodding and trying to pull him deeper by pressing his calves against the other man's ass.
"And who have we got here?" the older fellow asked, looking in Mike's direction, having closed the door.
Swallowing hard, his throat tightening even as he wondered if he'd soon lose the ability to cry, as often as he'd been doing it lately, Cas nodded, "Thank you, Sam... I tried, but the veterans' affairs office just wanted to debate the terms he'd been discharged on. I thought I'd just let it go rather than postpone anything, but, yes... This helps."
Jack caught Xander's arm, and Ben stopped with them as the girls passed them and Trey finally got close enough to speak, "C'mon, Xander, we got shit to do. Hustle."
Randy looked back over his shoulder, "Xander? You're not picking up any slack on this? Just let them tear Claire a new one?"
Claire had been ushered in to sit with Cas for a short while, during which time he appeared to be fine, but she was still concerned, and Dean was nowhere to be found. Cas told her that he'd seen her for a few moments as he was waking up, having passed out in the car at some point, but he'd been hurried off since then.
As always, your reviews are very encouraging, and keep me plugging away at my hardest, thank you for reading and sharing in this story with me. Love you guys! FW)
"What does that have to do with this?" Claire asked, turning awkwardly, only to be met with a gentle kiss.
Cas tipped a pill out of the bottle and into Claire's waiting palm, "You couldn't just carry them in your purse?"
"Okay, fine. But he's still an asshole, so when he messes up, you call me, I'll figure out your rebound, okay? And bodyguards, if you need them." Kevin patted her shoulder as he got up from the table.
Kayla shook her head, "I don't want him here. I'd rather drag him around with me than have him here getting dumped on Mom... Do whatever you need to, and if he tries it, I'll come back and bring Liam back over to you myself. But if we go against Dad, it might take putting Mom in a home to do it."
Kevin caught sight of Cas easily, but as soon as Cas set his hands on Claire's shoulders, he remembered why that was a bad idea. She jumped, turning in place, slamming the back of his hand painfully against the doorframe before backing toward Kevin. Cas grimaced and flexed his hand, but it wasn't nearly as painful as the fading terror on Claire's face. "Dad?"
Dean shook his head, "No, that's fine. Nothing to do with me except borrowing equipment I taught him to use. Hey, Blake?"
Alfie sat quietly for longer than Ivan was comfortable with, staring into space, his elbow on the arm of the chair, cheek in his hand, first finger scratching slightly at his hairline. Ivan's hope was drifting downward at a steady pace.
"It's a short version of 'how do you do,'" Dean explained, "Most folks just say 'how are you' these days, but they don't really expect an honest answer."
Cas shifted his hips below Dean, adjusting himself to sit up more, spreading his knees slightly as Dean began to penetrate himself on Cas' hard length, until Cas abruptly let go and grabbed him by the hips.
Kayla nodded, "Well, yeah, you have to do that sometimes... You didn't really talk to me at Grandma's house yesterday, are you going to talk today?"
"Yeah, well, you leave your kid alone for a weekend, they throw a party, things get damaged, right?... How much damage do I owe them by now?"
"I think I broke that part I tossed over there," Millie gestured, fighting back tears, "I can't break Dean's bench, that's just horrible-"
Xander had barely sat down as she was speaking, but his eyes went wide, and he gave a small shake of his head.
Ben knew what Xander meant, that he couldn't do it again. Having lost his own mother to cancer at an early age, the idea of losing another parent tore at him, but he also knew Xander's father had walked out, leaving Xander and his mother on their own for years, likely intensifying the pain.
Claire shook her head, still skeptical as she followed him toward the open door. The sound of the front door opening, and presumably Randy's heavy frame making the chair at the desk squeal stopped them both in their tracks.
At the lack of any response for longer than she'd anticipated, Margaret turned her head, hand still on the knob of the open door, only to find Kevin staring at her with a resigned look on his face, "One of us has to quit."
"Must've been one hell of an apology, though." Gabe mused. Looking up as Cas ignored him, turning to his computer and logging in, he caught sight of several picture frames on a low storage cabinet within reach, and picked one up.
Margaret followed his gaze before scrambling off his lap. Kevin was off the couch before she had time to turn around, reaching for her hips, completely unfased as her tiny frame came off the ground, wrapping her legs around his waist. Somewhere in the heated flurry of motion Kevin mumbled a question she'd heard enough times to comprehend.
"You worked at Singer Auto?... Oh, that's right, Claire said that when she dragged you to the truck that time. What'd you do?.. Oh yeah, you were trying to steal her boyfriend or something."
Alfie chuckled, "No. I was, I mean, I tried to be clear about it from the start, and I got called a liar, so, I just stopped answering questions about my personal life."
"It's not weird. Besides, I'm gonna have a much bigger back-up house pretty soon, anyway, completely empty, too, because Dean is right, I have all the common sense of a cinderblock."
After Ben took himself upstairs, Kevin pulled out his phone, finding a text from his mother. He pressed call.
Claire crossed her arms, shaking her head before one hand found it's way to her mouth, "I broke the house... I broke the house because I was pissed at you..."
Cas wondered briefly if his colleague hadn't considered him to be serious about his displeasure regarding her behavior before, as she seemed more intent on preserving her self interest now that he'd announced the removal of the student from her class.
"No, apparently he borrowed these, he wanted to make his dresser look more grown up," Alfie explained.
"Maybe. But I might not, I might die from cancer like my mom did. So, I'm not scared." Ben explained. "Where's your mom?"
"What do we know about this kid, Shane? Aside from the fact that he wears shirts for groups and events he's never heard of?"
With a sigh, Dean started up the stairs, glancing at the mess on the floor once more as he adjusted the back of his waistband, feeling a very different mess clinging in the fabric of his clothes, thick, gooey, and slipping lower, "Couldn't just ride you on the couch until you're off, huh?"
Claire looked up sharply as the bedroom door opened, but finding only Alfie giving her a quick wave and passing through the room to the bathroom, she continued to read the delicate handwriting on the yellowed paper.
Carrying one of Cocoa's half-destroyed toys and lopping through the kitchen, Jaime squeezed between Claire and the counter before stopping next to Alfie, "When Mel gets back, can I go with Pop-pop?"
Cas reached behind Dean and grabbed his ass roughly, as Dean gave a small sound in the back of his throat, and dug his nails into Cas' shoulders. Dean pulled back a bit, breaking the kiss, gasping.
"You only know what they tell you, and only when you actually listen! I learned that the hard way with you. I'd appreciate it if you would take my advice this time, because it's not an easy lesson," he answered angrily.
"It's much like pound cake, the way it should be," Cas answered, "Though there's a hint of smoke in there I think you might find a way around that in the future."
Julie turned her big brown eyes to Ivan, and attempted a smile, "But then we couldn't brag about having the biggest house in town."
"I'm not sure how much help I'd be, I don't date straight men, and I'm uncomfortable discussing the physiological side of things with you. But I'm listening."
Finding his behavior odd, but not entirely strange, she continued to her car, where Dean was taking off the rest of the paint. As Dean shut down the machine and removed the mask, he got to his feet.
"Then do your share. I'm gonna have Xander in there in a minute. I'd throw some at Ben, but he's cut off to start with. Matt's not gonna be here soon enough."
Castiel shoved Dean roughly against the wall of the diner, kissing him roughly, grinding against him, and grabbing his ass firmly. A moment later he stepped away, looking down Dean's body, leaving Dean gasping for breath and still very wide-eyed.
Alfie ran a bit of the flowing sheer fabric of her loose negligee through his fingers, giving a nod while taking a dry swallow, trying to imply that he'd understood all of it, "And you're sure you didn't need me to do something to you?"
Lucas shook his head grumpily, "I know where the emergency set is... Screw it, if he doesn't come close shit down later, call Claire. Either she'll lock it up or she'll kick his ass for us."
After three very long days of a foreboding stillness of the house eating away at him, Cas decided to venture out, if only to save his sanity. He considered several places in town he might have driven his temporary junkyard beater to, but he was still hesitant to show his face in public.
Claire leaned a little closer, "German boarding school... So why do you sound like you're from here?"
His mind raced as he struggled to stay awake, contemplating whether he'd be functional enough to shower before bed, or if he would need to wait until he'd slept a good twelve hours, checking the clock and wondering if he'd manage to speak to Julie before any of it.
Half way through their second game, Dean looked up to find a familiar face watching them closely from the bar. As he stood, Cas passed close behind him, considering his next shot.
"I'm sorry, I can tell you're trying to do the right thing, here, and  if they were any further out of town, I might make an arrangement for  contact later, but you're not his parent, you're not even officially  his step sister yet, and while you are trying to handle this  appropriately, I need his dad here." Sheriff Mills insisted.
