On Air: F. Banks
There were things to be taken care of first.
are to be cleared with me or you will not like the consequences.”
“They won’t let me in with you, so one of you better be armed. I already know Stark shoots like a little girl. How about you, can you shoot?” Bucky ignored Tony’s offended huff altogether to question Clint bluntly. The boy rolled his eyes and tapped a finger bluntly on the glass.
He knew Natacha. Each page turn sounded like a crack of thunder in the still room and with each turn she seemed to be nailing her resolve into place, as if she could simple flip what had happened onto a different page, where on the other hand Péter couldn't seem to erase the shuttered horror in Tony’s eyes from his mind.
“I did call your name this time. Artur cannot find one of his shoes and is blaming James, probably correctly, who is insisting that Artur will cut his foot, get an infection and have to have it amputated. They’re going to start fighting.” Nodding towards the phone she added, “When are we leaving?”
Tony could see the wheels turning in the boy’s mind as he considered his words. After a moment Péter nodded, the gleam of excitement returning to his eyes as he slapped his hands against his thighs enthusiastically.
Ian didn’t want to... he didn’t want to expose himself in front of these people, but he didn’t know what they would do if he didn’t. Hurt him, chase him away... kill him? They could. There was no one who would stop them if they wanted to. They could kill him so easily and no one would ever know.
“That I do.”
He didn’t realize he was being called at first, not until a hand shook his shoulder and he looked up into Péter’s eyes, shaken and brimming with tears. He must have slid to the floor at some point because Péter was bending over him, clutching his shoulders and shaking him. Tony’d been cursing out loud he realized only after a shake from Péter’s hands caused him to bite his tongue and the bright burst of pain cleared the fog in his head.
Bucky smirked, and Natacha rubbed her cheek, and then the bridge of her nose. The motion was quick but Bucky read the self-consciousness in it before she tucked her hand back underneath her knees. He was still staring at her he realized and laughed.
“Oh, I can. And I will.”
That was it? Stefen was going to show him that easy?
“We can’t let that happen.” Harold barked a little too loudly and Tony jumped, his eyes flying to the kitchen door where he knew their guard stood just outside. When there was no movement and he did not stick his head in to check on them, Tony let himself relax just the slightest.
It was just patch work. One moment he would be listening and the next moment they had somehow jumped to a different topic all together and he would be left floundering.
“Yes, she was one of my best clients and an even better friend.” She winked at Natacha before turning her attention to the other children who were eager to be introduced and bask in her attention.
He seemed oblivious to the harsh string of words pouring out of Bucky’s mouth. Tony was less so. Bakhuizen wasn't throwing punches or doing any of the things Tony would expect someone to do when two men were brazen enough to embrace in front of him.
There were more shouts above him about dosage levels and the dangers of letting students sit in on delicate work. Steve couldn't make sense of it. He curled in on himself. Hollowness seeping up from his stomach and spreading to his heart.
“Whatever you do.” Bucky’s voice was soft and low under the snores of the others, a softly rumbled warning.
Don’t talk. Don’t debate. A German woman stays grounded in discipline and never loses composure. She is fit for service and ready to sacrifice: For Führer. For nation. For home.
Tony had never been the superstitious sort. There were a multitude of reasons he and religion had never taken on to each other, but the requisite for interpreting every coincidence and passing feeling as some sort of sign was one of them. The universe was wild and wicked enough without help from overactive imaginations.
"There's no room for it love," she said with the air of someone repeating herself and Artur clutched the thing tighter and turned desperate eyes to Tony.
Tony swallowed the bitter anger that had swelled up within him; in the face of getting the boy out of Nazi reach and hopefully out of whatever spy game Farkas was entrenched in what choice did he have? They boy deserved a shot at a normal life, away from the madness.
He sighed, rubbing Sara’s hand with the tips of his fingers. He’d find a way to make sure they’d be taken care of, and at least there was Stark. They’d be in good hands.
forbade her from acknowledging her kin at all. If I snuck away to visit, we’d have to play indoors because I couldn’t be seen in public with my own family.” He seethed, unable to keep his hands from clenching into fists in his lap. “Every winter my mother would bring me down from Hill House, whatever day wasn't already taken with holiday parties and social calls, and no matter what day it actually was we would all pretend like it was the first day of Chanukah and our birthdays rolled into one. It was ridiculous.”
Ian knew which one it was without even having to glimpse the title. Calico Bush sailed through the air to land at Ian's feet, splitting open with a crack that resounded in his ears.
-The Road-
They waited four more days before sending for the children, because while there was a chance of his recovery taking a turn no one wanted the children to be subject to watching. When they were as reasonably sure as they could be that his health would continue to improve Charlotte sent word to her mother in Vienna to make arrangements for them to return on the train. It surprised everyone, most of all Charlotte, when the Countess wrote back that she planned to drive down with the children herself.
Ian squinted into the fading sun not meeting Tony’s eye.
He was jostled by the crowd of people running and waving as the train picked up speed carrying away their loved ones.
She paused when she saw the way Bucky had Tony backed against the door and Bucky quickly dropped his hands and released him.
Poland.” Tony instructed helpfully. Aleksy opened her mouth to try again, when Tony heard a distinctive and biting voice mutter in crisp French, “Idiot. If you can’t learn you should give up now and don’t waste anyone’s time. “
“Hunting?” Tony asked with confusion as Stefen clapped him companionably on the arm and just left him there, wondering if he’d possibly misheard the man.
“For anything you…” Stefen motioned over Stark’s body with a pained grimace. “Might have experienced.”
Bucky took the opportunity to slip in through the side door, confident that if anyone was watching the grounds outside, their eyes would be drawn however momentarily to the chaos with the girl and the goats.
“And I suppose Captain Rogers always has his way?”
“Are you alright?”
“You’re smart Péter Rogers.” Anamarie’s voice was hushed, barely perceptible under the pop and boom of the lightshow. She was staring straight ahead now so that if Péter had been watching them he might not even know she was talking to him. “And you behave like you know what it means to be a good person, but do you act on it?”
"What happened to those children?"
Tony heard the loud click followed by the mechanical shifting of a camera's shutter, and he wondered what sort of moron of a tourist thought this was the ideal moment for a photograph. He was so wrapped up in his thoughts he wouldn't have heard it at all, if the man behind him hadn't bumped into his back impatiently, pressing him rudely up against the woman in front of him who glared, and shuffled up against the slender back of the young man in front of him who had paused and was holding up the line. The station was grey with grime and muddy footprints, and packed with tired miserable people. Hardly a memory worth preserving.
Bucky rolled his eyes, as if that should be obvious, and gestured to the drawing on Steve's desk.
It was never possibly. My father knew what would happen if the Nazis found out we were Rom.
There was just calm now, and the absurd thought that if he really had abandoned all sense and kissed Captain Rogers it would have been a memory worth dying to have.
Péter didn’t know. Thankfully he was saved from having to respond by a sudden clap of thunder, much closer this time, and the sudden down pour that followed. Harry cursed, but grabbed Péter’s hand with a grin, and together both boys ran for the shelter of the gazebo.
While Cameron scurried off to report to Hammer, Tony showed the remaining Klein’s to the spare room he’d spent most the evening emptying.
It scared him.
But, Steve couldn't shake from his memory the way he’d seen James grinning as his brother, his normally quiet and reclusive brother… how the boy had nearly swung him into a dresser, wearing a coronet on his head for god’s sake... how they’d both been laughing. And no matter how much he resented it the monk was right. The children had always climbed into bed with him and Peggy when it stormed… he’d not even thought of that. How many storms had there been in the years since her passing?
1938 9:00 PM
Once resigned to the fact that he couldn’t escape it Ian took to his lesson with single minded vigor, determined to abolish the discomfort of finding himself in an arena where he wasn’t capable (where he couldn’t
BANG.
The army had put Dvorak up at the Goathead, a small inn on the outskirts of town. The army had taken up all the available rooms in the inn. Other than the innkeeper’s staff, the only people Bucky observed coming and going on the grounds that day were military. It made his mission there that day all the harder. If Dvorak raised the alarm he’d be in a tight spot; but having no other choice, Bucky proceeded.
He wondered why on earth had he bought such a frivolous thing with a flash of exasperation. It really wasn’t Natacha’s color. It reminded him of the vest he’d bought for Tony. That had been some of the best money he’d ever spent, he decided, remembering the way the red had looked set against Tony’s dark hair and unfashionably dark features.
He took in a deep shuddering breath and blinked until her face melted away, unable to stand seeing Rachol behind his eyelids a second longer. He looked at Steve one final time.
Though he had to put on the front of a man enjoying these last free days before answering his duty he couldn’t hide how massively uncomfortable the whole thing made him. By that point he’d have welcomed Shmidt and his men storming in with guns blazing to arrest him. He’d almost forgotten what it felt like not to be stiff and without a headache.
He sighed, just about ready to give up on pretending to read the physics journal he’d bought in Berlin (or rather that Stefen had bought him) when a soft hesitant knock sounded at his bedroom door.
"Oh good. He's brooding again. I was afraid we'd lost him forever." Tony faux whispered and he heard Sara giggle.
“No.”
His hands were itching to measure the exact breadth of those shoulders, compare the ratio from shoulder to waist- let his hands touch all that wet sun bronzed skin and memorize every last inch of it.
“I’ve had a look at your assets Mr. Stark. There was a bit of pushback from Stanislov but we expected that.”
Less right was Péter hanging back next to Tony with an imperceptible expression on his face. The boy nervously twisted his left shirt cuff, gaze staring somewhere past Steve until Tony gave him a gentle nudge with his shoulder.
Something hit Bucky squarely from behind, knocking the wind out of him. There was a moment of discombobulation where Bucky wasn't sure where his limbs were and where Tony’s were, and then he was being wrenched off of Steve.
Steve took up position beside him, leaving just enough space to deny familiarity and reached inside his breast pocket for the cigarettes they both knew he wouldn't find. Scott watched him fumble for a moment, breath pluming out in white streams in the cold winter air. Steve gritted his teeth so hard he thought they might crack.
“Tony!” the harsh cry was immediately followed by hands gripping his shoulders and tugging. Tony moved with them, rolling off of Péter and Ian’s curled bodies and sitting up, blinking blearily at Stefen’s face, pressed close to his. The captain’s wild eyes were jarringly incongruent with the stillness of his features. The outward appearance of control shattered by the raw terror in their whites as his hands flew over Tony’s extremities feeling for injuries. Tony reached for him, clutching the sleeves of his jacket. I’m fine, he meant to say, but he couldn’t press the words out through the tight clenching in his chest. Stefen’s hands discovered that fact for themselves, and set Tony aside almost briskly as he moved to check on to the two boys.
Steve took a great breath, heaving the oxygen through his lungs, his head light.
~~*~~
“You’re all heart Kirk.” He stubbed out his cigarette on the table as Kirk shrugged.
She knew he missed mama. Knew he wasn’t right without her. And Mama had known that he wouldn’t be.
Artur squirmed in his seat, sweating under his layers. He started as a loud whistle blasted through the square. All around them people hurried to finish their meals and collect their things.
Selfishly, he hoped that Virginia’s dual citizenship might offer her some protection along with the children. They wouldn’t clear the mother and not her children. He hoped. But there would be no helping German-born Harold. That was his fault. It had been Tony’s plan to involve them. If not for him -
“And you’ll enjoy not falling into your dinner plate from boredom.”
Stefen’s lips pulled into a small smile.
"Your Da ever warn you about sour faces?" Bakhuizen teased, ruffling the James semi-dry hair, leaving it in spikes. "Come on, we're going to need to get those snares in if we want to eat before sunrise."
He was not used to being outside Steve’s thoughts. Even when he was sinking in the dark mud of his memories from war, Bucky knew what that was like and could find him there. But this, talking to Steve and feeling like they were talking right past each other, was new and frustrating. He fucking hated it if he was honest.
He nearly moaned at the delicious taste as the warm spicy brew trickled down his throat.
“The targets over there, Pete.”  He teased shaking off the dark mood.
“She’s a good age for it, don’t you agree Major?” Frau Greers sister, or cousin, or something or another asked.
“That's fine. Do you have a moment?” Tony asked because once decided he wasn’t one to wait around.
Tony did not show up for his class that afternoon. It took a few hours for word to reach Benjamino and for Benjamino to track down Stefen and Grig, who were doing census work on the other side of the city. Steve’s heart dropped into his stomach at the news. The last time anyone had seen Tony was when he’d left his grandfather at the bank.
She’d never be a mother herself, she realized as she ground the pestle against the mortar, the sweet scent of crushed almonds filling her nose. She wouldn’t live that long. Her father’s health was precarious and even if he made it to a full recovery, he was changed now. He wouldn’t pretend, and he was too weak to fight, so the only choice left was running; but it was already too late for that. He’d never admit it aloud to them, but their window for escape was fraught with peril and every day that passed that window just got smaller and smaller. They had to leave as soon as possible but Father was too weak to travel and that was her fault.
They were cool and smooth to the touch. Their unusually vibrant hue had caught his eye when he’d seen them in the window of Pippen’s shop.  At first, he’d thought of having them strung together into a necklace for Natacha but now he worried the red would clash with her hair. She complained about that sort of thing now. They were so beautiful though it seemed a shame at the time not to buy them.
“I’m with Stefen on this one. That sounds like a last resort.” Tony squeezed his hand supportively and Stefen’s shoulders sagged in relief. He would have gone with whatever Tony thought best without fight, Tony realized sadly. The fight had all been drained out of him, but Tony was resolved they’d put it back.
It made Tony ache to think about. As much as he missed the abbey some days, Tony had never belonged there. But Rogers… Rogers was a soldier. He’d bled for this country. He’d loved and believed in Austria in a way that Tony never had. That uniform had once been a symbol of honor and pride. Now it was tainted. And where did that leave a man like Rogers?
James did not go with the others to watch Tony leave, but he did go to the window in the parlor room where it was easy to see the front drive. Not that he wanted to watch. He liked the couches better in the parlor room that was all.
“He’ll be fine by tonight. Don’t worry.” Stefen said lightly, squeezing Sara’s middle. James scrunched up his eyes into slits and tilted his head up at Bucky, examining him critically. “You’re sure you’re just drunk?”
"Germany."
The housekeeper released a shaky breath of relief and slumped back against the bed when Fischer deposited the unused syringe back into his case full of supplies.
The Baroness knew how to fight dirty, that was clear. But she would learn. Tony could fight dirty too.
Stefen snorted, recalling many occasions when the children had been young when his slip of a girl had delighted in making Harry eat those very same words.  He missed those days more and more.
Ian sat up slowly and looked around, relieved to find that the sled had stopped up against a tree a few feet up the slope. He got up, shaking the snow off as best he could and trudged over to inspect it for damage. It looked alright to him. He’d tied the sacks with his supplies down extra tight and was relieved to find them all still there.
Steve looked away, feeling sick.
Father held his gaze, gently setting the blouse aside and fixing him with a very worrisome look.
Steve knew thinking about the family he would build one day made Bucky happy, and he tried not to show Bucky how much the game bothered him – they both knew that even if Steve could save up enough to pay a bride price, there wasn’t any respectable roma girl who would have him.
He scratched at the lid of the crate until his nailbeds went slick with blood, but the wind drowned out the sound of it, and every whimpered moan that leaked from his throat.
“You’re a prime example Major Rogers, of what it truly means to be Aaryn. We could change the course of history forever if why we had a thousand more soldiers like you. If I had just a sample of your blood, I bet we could trace your lineage back for centuries.”
But he wouldn’t and he knew it. It was the only thing that kept him focused and inside his mind, and he had to stay inside his mind if he was going to keep his promise and get back to his family.
~*~*~*~*~
“I hope I can come back soon, but I don’t know. But I do know you’ll be fine. You’re brave.”
Steve stood up, and the sudden movement caused Zimmerman to pause his musings.
Steve struggled to his feet, ignoring the twinging that lingered in his chest from sore ribs. With one hand he pulled off the glove covering his right hand and with determination shook hers. He hoped she couldn’t feel how he still recoiled every time they touched. Weak. He couldn’t be weak so he tightened his grip.
things, Herr Stark?” Ian’s brow was not the only one burrowed in confusion. Artur’s eyes were wide with uncertainty, his fingers creeping towards his mouth as he glanced nervously between his siblings.
“I mean, has anyone ever said anything, done anything, that made you wonder if the two of you were the same?” the man asked but it didn’t make sense. Why wouldn’t he and Maria be the same? Was it because she was shy? Tony said that was okay. Maria didn’t need to talk to anyone she didn’t want to and she didn’t have to. Artur could talk for her!
Steve had been sat near Göring, once again the prime pet on display with Charlotte and his family placed at another table what felt like an ocean away. An ideal strategy as old as time: divide and conquer. They called it an honor, placing him as near to the supreme leader as they could get him without upsetting the fragile egos of the higher officials, but Steve saw through it.
Bucky choked on another swallow and for the first time Stark looked somewhat stunned.
That I now know
“Smettila! Stop it right now!” Tony barked in a frantic mix of German and Italian, his ears ringing loudly with the sounds of the children’s cries and Yinsen’s shrieks of pain. He felt ill, overcome with a sense of vertigo as he struggled to hold onto the boy’s writhing form. The boy lashed out with his feet, kicking Tony solidly in the shins and Tony cursed, his grip loosening just enough for Artur to slip from his hold; but it was not Maria he ran towards but the water.
“I shouldn’t have come.” He snapped, turning suddenly to go and Tony’s heart twisted painfully in his chest.
Stefen needed someone who was unafraid to help him sort through the mess in his head and who would not be cowed by his stubbornness and unwillingness to budge when he thought he was in the right.
"Catch the train in the morning with the children. No exceptions and no delays.” He ordered the baroness, ignoring all of her questions. “I'll be back as soon as I can."
He told himself to breathe and remember where he was. He was in Vienna, attempting to hail a cab for him and Charlotte and this was not Peggy.
Péter sat at the servants table, out of the way of the women’s work, toying with his kodak with a deeply pensive expression set on his face.
“People like him, like my Da," Steve continued feeling like he was in a daze. "They think power is the only thing worth having. They'd rather step on their neighbor than risk going a little bit hungry, and they're afraid of anything at all that might mean less for them so they put others down. But I’m not without my own fault. All I ever wanted growing up was power over my own life.”
“They’re sure to love you as fiercely as the captain does.” Agneta reassured and Charlotte’s lips twisted into a dry little grin.
Hammer jerked at the unexpected sound of Steve’s voice, but pretended as if he hadn’t. He made a point of finishing the place setting he was working on, even as Virginia and Julia both paused to great him with brief respectful nods. When he was satisfied with his work the butler finally turned to look at him.
“What’s so funny?” Stefen asked at the chuckle that erupted from Tony’s chest and Tony shook his head slowly, still grinning at the ridiculousness of it all.
“You were the one who said that it was time to stop running. I knew the risks. Stanislov was never going to stop until he had me and it’s not just me he wants.”
“Alright! I know you’re here. Come out. I’m armed!”
Bucky laughed as Péter received the sort of glare from his sister that someone would bestow upon a bug they wished to squash.
Baxt: (Romany) Good luck.
What did Tony mean by that?
Six, Tony and Maria hurried past him. Steve turned around, just one last check to make sure they weren’t being fallowed. Nothing.  Forward into the black.
He could feel himself blushing as he muttered, "I don’t want to talk to a woman, just girls. How do I talk to them?"
“I bet he’s called to tell you to bring us to Vienna!”
“Good.” Peter nodded absently, already focused on lining up the edges of books spine.
“What?!” the boys bemoaned, James loudest of all with a shriek of outraged protest.
Some old bitterness whispered through the back of his mind and Steve clenched his jaw, resolutely pushing the thought away. He was beginning to think too much like Bucky, who wanted the comforts of a gadje life but not to belong. In Bucky’s mind, exile or no exile, they would always be Rom and it would always be us against them. But it didn’t have to be that way. People were better than that. They could find a way to all live together. Besides, who said it was so great being Rom anyway? Steve wasn’t ashamed of it but there was no point in acting as if the Roma didn’t have their backwards ways or their faults. The way his mother’s people had shunned her just for falling in love with someone different for instance. It just wasn’t right, that even if Tony had been a girl the familia would have rejected them both because he wasn’t Rom.
The room went suddenly silent as the men stared at him, agape.
“I’ve shown the tutor to his rooms, Captain. I must say, he’s not quite what I expected for a…man of God.”
“What attack on Dachau?” he repeated.
Tony’s mouth was close to Steve’s ear, and the timber of his voice low enough that he doubted anyone but himself could hear it but still Steve shivered, tension tightening his spine.
“And I suppose you’d think badly of me if I punished him.”
“Maria is just like me. There’s nothing wrong with her.” he insisted. The man scribbled something on a piece of paper and muttered in reply, “Tell me, was your mother close with your father’s friend Herr Bahkhuzien?”
“He looks just like our Selig did at that age. Have you ever seen a Jew with eyes that blue?” Karlina mused. “You’re being ridiculous.”
He held there, his knuckles white with strain and his arms beginning to ache, until the woman’s voice had moved away from the window and became too muffled to distinguish. With a slight breath of relief Tony reached up, tapping a familiar rhythm against the wooden shutters as quickly as he could without losing his precarious grip.
Natacha cast Péter a cold expression as Tony nodded in agreement, relief washing through him.
Sure, the name of Stark had clout and Stevie was impressed by that, but Antony Stark wasn’t Hughard. Who the fuck was Antony Stark anyway? They had no idea who the man really was or where his loyalties lay.
Steve bent double, clutching his head as he fought to control his breathes.
“Boss!” Harold’s voice was tinny and distant, even though his blurry reflection swam alarmingly close to Steve’s. Steve blinked, and Harold came into focus, his face contorted in concern.
"Don't bother sparing me. Just know that I don't want my burdens for you. I want you to be a child as long as you need to be, and when you're ready to find a woman who makes you happy and have children of your own. I want you to keep up with your experiments and your inventions and reach those stars you're always studying. But the Reich isn't going to let you. If they can, they'll kill you. Kill all of us.”
“No, I think I do.” He almost sang in reply. “I want to hear about this goat.”
That was a bit of a stretch. Truthfully, Steve had never really stopped to ask either which way how Tony felt about her, but Tony rarely had feelings he didn’t express. Loudly at that. Still, if he had to be clear about one thing.
“It won’t be anarchy. He’ll stand a trial.” Steve amended softly, for the Privates sake.
~  The Synagogue ~
Tony watched in amusement as Stefen took a polite sip and then fidgeted under the scrutiny of the women, before he caught himself, clearing his throat and straightening his spine like the most resolute of soldiers, and stepping toward Tony with purpose.
Infuriating man.
“It sounded sad.” She crept forward and stopped just before her toes touched the blanket.
“I can’t take any more tender footing. The Führer doesn't want his failures discussed at the dinner table. Like a woman with fashionable senses. What horse shit!” Göring took a wet gulp of his schnapps, then gestured at Steve, speaking far louder than necessary as he complained about Wehrmacht leaders hiding behind their failures.
Amidst the usual signage for 'no service for jews' and a couple of posters of bright smiling homemakers declaring that a happy home was one with a woman at home, was a wanted poster. It wasn't the pictures that caught his eye at first. No, he was nearly about to X out the images when the words: WANTED GYPSIES jumped out at him.
Cigar smoke and expensive cologne filled Tony’s nose and for a moment, he was transported years in the past. He was small again, looking up at this man with so much trust and admiration, so much gratefulness when he would drop down to Tony’s eye level to impart an encouragement or a soothing word after one of Hughard’s tirades. From that vantage point it was nearly impossible to believe that Farkas was right in his suspicions. His uncle Obi, his very own godfather, organizing the murder of his parents? Tony’s murder if Hughard hadn’t been one step ahead.
"I spent the night in the Alton's barn.” The older boy explained. “I've been looking for you all day. Are you alright?"
Steve’s pulse pounded in his ears.
He wasn't wearing his watch, his eyes fell on the clock. It was nearing dinner.
"Oh Christ." he heard Bucky groan, and he didn't need the glance at him to know that his mouth had fallen open in shock.
Even now, Rogers was too quick to rely on the honor of soldiers. He acted as if the night of long knives hadn’t happened at all. He said the things he said, and took the chances he took because deep down, he still believed they were honorable men. That they were all going to wake up one day, having remembered themselves, and band together against the common threat. The damn fool.
Steve could never forget. The war he’d survived and the war he’d taken inside of him never let him forget that by his creed, Steve was not the inventor of solutions to obstacles but the mallet used to destroy their sources.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” he asked instead, dabbing gently around the gash with a towel soaked in alcohol. Tony winced, replying through his teeth, “Is that a real question?”
They were an odd family of a sort. Weiss had a place here, as did Pepper. So where did that leave Tony? He ate with the children now due to the captain’s absence but what about when he returned?
Steve looked up to find Tony watching them out of the corner of his eye.
“They are calling the ambassador who was shot a hero and patriot. They are asking how long the people should suffer the menace of the Jews. They wonder if there are no brave German’s left, who will avenge him.” Olasz commented dryly, as if he did not see what was happening below them or the horrible potential.
In the water Maria wriggled harder, tugging on Tony's arms to be lifted higher.
For a moment, thinking of her, Bucky smiled; but then as the grim memory of his conversation with Charlotte became starker and starker in his mind it bled from his face.
"I'll always look out for you, Stefen.” Bucky promised. “End of the line, remember?"
>So good<
“Sounds dangerous,” Tony quipped. Not to mention right up Nik’s ally. He was a monarchist through and through: a king’s man. Of course he’d want the people’s man on his side.
“Are you satisfied?” He barked through a dry throat. “Nobody is hiding Gypsies in this house.”
He inched forward, eyes drawn to the door to his right where the low sounds of distress were emanating. Stefen’s room.
“What are they so afraid of?” Steve wondered, almost to himself.
Stefen’s mouth fell open, a hitched gasp escaping that betrayed how close he was.
“Does he know you’re twelve?” Bucky growled, and there was something so nice about it she had to bite her lip and look away as he continued to rant.
Huh. Tony observed the man with a considering eye. Bucky 's mouth pulled back in a grimace.
Brown, wet with tears, and wide as saucers in her dirt streaked face: and suddenly he was back in that wood, peering through the leaves as he watched those police men beat Yinsen into the dirt, the white of his eyes going pink with blood as they struck him over and over again.
laws. There was a tension in the air only augmented by the still fresh appearance of Nazi flags and paraphernalia hanging from every ledge and window.
Tony chuckled, leaning back against the bench.
“What did you say?”
And just like that Tony snapped back to the moment, driven by the realization that he couldn’t give in to the panic or the fear because he had seven young charges to look after, seven children, whose father he’d given a promise, that he would protect them with everything he had – seven children who were being groomed to behave just as monstrously as these cowardly youths, but whom were still children, and they were terrified.
In all his years as a soldier Steve had seen and done many things. He had been transported on boats and trains, and even flown in small aircrafts before this, but nothing that could compare to the Warbird. Powered by four engines and crafted almost completely of metal it was hard not to be intimidated at first sight of the big metal bomber, larger than any other plane he had ever beheld up close.
“That's better. Go up to your room. We’ll discuss this later.”
“Yes. I did.”
“Go on. Make sure you save it for our next lesson.”
Stefen was very good at keeping his expression unreadable but watching as closely as he was, Tony thought he knew what the tightening of his shoulders meant.
He didn't owe Rogers anything. He kept up the mantra as his fingers closed around the handle of the bedroom door.
“Captain?” Tony asked, bringing the mouth piece up closer to his lips.
“Frau Hogan.” Steve prompted, not quite managing to keep the warning out of his voice.
“I’m sure you’re fine. Fathers worry, Bambina. Daughters should stay close to home and be careful.” Natacha smiled briefly up at the old woman and rose from her chair.
There were so many ways it could have gone wrong. So many ways they could have died. They’d been lucky that Stefen had found them alive. Or at all.
Steve had never felt carnally for him, though he could honestly say he loved Bucky more than he loved himself and it was a feeling amply returned. Maybe Steve could have loved Bucky as a lover once, but it hadn’t happened that way. They had been brothers first and foremost and Steve didn’t need Bucky’s body to have his heart.
Bucky tensed. The mistrust he’d felt for Stark back in Vienna intensified as he regarded the man with a carefully blank expression and Stark just stared back at him.
He heard the sound of rushing footsteps and a moment later Luzzato came through the damaged door, the expression on his face silencing the entire room but for the crying of the small boy.
James launched off of Tony before he could finish, nearly throwing Tony backwards as he landed in the water with a great splash. He reemerged spluttering and reaching for his father who obliged by scooped him up.
The smile felt frigid on his face even to him but Tony saw no other option but to smile, nod and say yes. It was a tried and true method for avoiding early conflict. Where was the Captain? He wasn’t sure how much more he could take of this man. If he was lucky he wouldn't have to see much of Hammer’s pompous ass.
"No. I am from Aue."
When Natacha sweetly pleaded, “Oh please father, say you will” something like shame twisted in Tony’s gut for getting their hopes up. His tug of war with their father was one thing, but he should not have put them in the middle of it. Now it was only going to break their hearts if the captain refused.
He did not know what to think about any of it as Sam nodded farewell and climbed into the waiting vehicle.
“What’s wrong?” he asked. “You looked so sad just now.”
The night that Stefen had been arrested and the house placed under armed guard Tony had lain on the floor of his room after the children had finally fallen back into exhausted sleep with Pepper in his bed. If the soldier who’d been stationed on the floor thought it was strange behavior, he kept his thoughts to himself and Tony wouldn’t have cared either way. He’d lain there in the dark, his thoughts racing with frantic thoughts and fingers twitching with panicked urges. Harold had sat across from him, back propped up against the door like a guardian gargoyle, and Tony could feel his eyes boring into him. Prompting. Expectant. Waiting for Tony to pop up with some plan. But all he’d been able to think about were the sounds outside the door, as the police and army intelligence combed through the house, collecting the evidence with which to condemn Stefen.
So Tony thought Steve could be handled. Well they would surely see wouldn't they?
Father’s gaze roamed over them and Ian couldn't read what was swimming in their depths.
“Tony,” warning rang in Steve’s voice as he pushed himself up on shaking arms. He had to know how close to the edge Bucky was. It was funny really. Stevie still knew him best.
Under his crushing weight Tony could feel the man trembling against him as if he was shaking apart.
“Because Hitler sends his troops where they don’t belong to take what never belonged to him.” Steve broke in, rage simmering just under the surface. “Or did you forget that?”
“It’s a last resort.” Stefen replied slowly, gaze moving from Bucky to Tony as he explained. “An old friend from the war has a cabin in the mountains. Off the beaten trail, hard to reach by car and nearly impossible once the snows get thick. If things came down to the worst, Bucky was to take you and the children there and wait till either transport out of the country could be arranged or enough supplies could be gathered to make the journey on foot, through the alps.”
She didn’t say what she meant by that, but Péter knew his sister well enough to know that he’d probably see for himself soon enough; because Natacha would not have gotten him out of bed like this unless it was important.
Letting Tony go now that he was such a part of the house would be just as difficult as letting Sam go had been, or letting Virginia or Hogan go, only worse. It would be the feeling of trying to cut off the flow of blood with a tourniquet. Raw pain with no easing the ache. Steve let out a long breath. His chest felt tight, as if he might start wheezing again the way he had when he was Artur’s size.
He found Dvorak sitting slumped at a small table by the window, crowded with empty beer bottles. The breakfast tray at his feet looked untouched, the food long gone cold. Dvorak looked how Bucky felt, the picture of misery. His jacket was discarded on the bed, his white shirt left unbuttoned and his hair distressed as if he’d been running his hands through it all night.
“Herr Stark prepared it for me. Ask him and I’m sure he’d be happy to prepare some for you.”
Stefen looked over at Tony and Tony saw his own questions mirrored in the captain’s gaze. Since Catherine was the name they had been given and Mrs. Hudson was the passphrase, they were as sure as they were likely to get, but this woman was not what either of them had expected.
“Do they have any idea what they plan to do with the children?” Pepper asked and Harold glanced over his shoulder nervously before answering.
Seasonal Images
At least, Tony very much hoped they didn’t.
He turned and slammed the door in his wake. The smaller children scattered, fleeing back toward the bed like frightened mice. The older ones took a wary step backward parting like the red sea as he marched passed them to go back to getting ready to venture outdoors.
“I know I do. And I…” Tony had to clear his throat in order to go on, to say the words his own father had never given him. “I was wrong and I hurt you. I’m sorry. I’m going to do better for you. I promise.”
“Be careful. It’s not a game you know. It’s dangerous.” Tony warned.
There were soldiers everywhere they looked, marching through the wiesn in rows as they were greeted with thunderous applause. The captain was marching up front behind a truck load of tearful people, waving and blowing thankful kisses at the crowd.
James had almost drifted off to sleep slumped against Artur when the train began to slow and the man came through, warning the passengers that they we approaching  Worgl Bahnof. Natacha got up first, and Péter helped her shake the others awake. Snakes squirmed around in the pit of James stomach as he watched the town come into view outside the window, sweat breaking out over his palms. What if they got off the train and no one was there? What if they really were on their own now?
“Captain Rogers?” the voice on the other end of the line was unfamiliar. Steve waited until the door had shut behind Tony and he heard the sound of his footsteps retreating from the door before he answered.
Tony dearly hoped so.
“Yes.” Tony rolled his eyes. “Your father is certainly a wealthy man and would make a worthy investor in our scientific endeavors, but the first lesson you’ll need to learn on investors is that rich men do not like to part with their money unless there’s something in it for them.”
James was very enthusiastic. Perhaps a little too much, Tony thought. A fierce glow had entered his eyes and though he missed six times out of ten Tony was sure that wouldn't last long. Not with his fervor. The boy could barely contain his excitement. He’d be begging Tony to allow them to go shooting every day of the week from now on.
"Can I help you?" The man at the door asked.
When had- oh of all the absurd!
Over the years he’d witnessed any number of early morning comings and goings on the dock. Usually it was just drunk sailors stumbling from the pubs to find their beds, but occasionally it was something less savory.
Transcribed and decoded by W. Holmes
What was he doing still on shore? Nearly everyone else, save Bucky, Sara and Cap, was enjoying the water.
"Move! This man is a priest," Tony heard him bark, more command in his voice than he'd ever imagined his gentle friend was capable of. "You're not supposed to touch the priests!"
If not for their expensive clothes and polished manners Tony was sure that he and the children would have been mistaken for a bunch of country yokels what with the unabashed awe holding them all in grip. It couldn’t be helped though, what with the children never having been outside Salzburg and as the countryside slowly disappeared and the sprawling arms of Austria’s urban capital enveloped them, it couldn’t have been clearer that they weren’t in Salzburg anymore.
“No, Father, really!” James whined.
“I’ll explain later,” he murmured reaching out to ruffle James hair. Bucky scowled into his cup.
He rifled in his drawer, pulling out a pen and piece of parchment. Pen poised Steve searched for the right words to write to Father Farkas. Though he thought he’d been perfectly clear regarding his needs, apparently he’d been grievously misunderstood.
“I don’t care about living. Do you?” Bucky growled, pressing the nozzle of the gun up against Dvorak’s chest wall, where any other man’s heart would be racing, but there was no fear in Dvorak. At least not enough. No, all Bucky saw in the red of his eyes was an old friend. The emptiness of a man who’d lost everything and who would gladly welcome death.
“No.” Tony reached for him without thinking, halting him by the shoulder and Stefen stopped in his tracks. Tony let his hand flatten against his back, feeling the tension that made it harder than stone beneath his palm and let out a shuddered sigh as he fought down the strange sense of panic he felt.
Leaning back Tony wiped the tears rolling away from her wide eyes and winked.
“She wants to know if she would sound like Frauline Broise”
To Tony’s delight, his pupils dilated tellingly. Stefen turned his head, perhaps to hide them from Tony’s view (too late) and grit his teeth.
Tony just stood there, frozen as rain on a mountain top, uneasy as Stefen and Ian approached.
“I followed them. I tried all night to get to them but they wouldn’t let me in. One of the soldiers… he cursed at me, hit me with his gun. He said he would shoot me.”
Filming outside the abbey.
“They’re never going to get to sleep now.” Stefen remarked as he watched the three younger boys throw pebbles into the fountain, the ice from their cones slowly beginning to melt and dribble between their fingers.
“Did you imagine soldiering, quite like this?” Fischer’s quiet voice in the silent car took him by surprise.
They found a spot to make camp not too far from the lakes edge (because, as he instructed the children, they should always stick close to a water source) and spent a good hour and a half after that struggling to erect their tents because Tony insisted on letting the children help and using it as an opportunity for another lesson.
"And you're their dancing monkey?" Bucky guessed and Steve winced, but nodded.
The cruelty of it left a sour taste in Natacha’s mouth as she contemplated it. Her sister was barely six years old, and she’d already seen the murder people hid in their hearts. On a cold night in November she’d heard it leap off their tongues and felt the grip of its hands; and on Christmas day she’d sing a prayer for rescue to a room full of the same people, with knives held politely behind their backs. Tony knew there would be no rescue! No rescue for any of them.
A chorus of obedient ‘yes fathers’ followed and silence descended over the table once more.
Taking a risk Tony tentatively placed his hands upon Stefen’s shoulders, and though they were tight beneath his hands and that wounded expression did not fade from his face, Stefen did not resist the touch. If anything he leaned in, gravitating toward Tony as the slightly shorter man smiled up at him with a hint of apology.
His heart plummeted into his stomach just as the first few shots rang out, a bullet pinging against the side of the truck. There were more shots and Bucky shouted for the men in the back to duck just as the glass in the back window shattered noisily. Tony’s eyes flew to Bucky as the truck swerved violently, wondering desperately if he’d been shot, but a moment later Bucky righted them, cursing as he tried to see through the web of cracks in the windshield which now had a hole in the center.
Tony was probably somewhere getting the others ready while he waited for Ian to come out of hiding. He’d have a gentle smile waiting even though Ian had screamed at his brother and cried like a baby. He might even squeeze Ian’s shoulder and wink at him like he always did when Ian felt this way - like his lungs were trying to take flight and his head was wrapped in a wet blanket. Tony would squeeze his shoulder and wink, like it was their secret (like it was okay, and he’d never tell Da how scared he’d been) and all of that heaviness would all just sort of ease out of Ian. He was tired of feeling heavy.
“Could you have died?”
“Of course, they left without me anyway. I was so mad at them and so upset, until James found me.” Somehow, Tony knew that Natacha was not speaking about her brother but about Bucky.  James would have been old enough to walk then, but even so, there was something in the way she said Bukhuzien’s name that set it apart from all the rest. There had always been for as long as Tony had known her.
“He grows on you.” Tony replied with a loose shrug. “like an exotic species of mold.”
"What do you mean?" the maid Hortense voiced the question for her, sounding just as terrified as Natacha felt.
“How about we make a deal. If I go and get your father’s mandolin, then you’ll pluck up the courage to ask him to play a diddy or two so we can all dance.” He suggested. “Sound fair?”
It helped nothing that he was sticking so close to home, haunting the halls like an angry specter all hours of the day and night, somehow managing to be everywhere she looked over her shoulder.  It had the children terrified to so much as sneeze. Her own nerves weren't holding up much better.
“Let me get it -”
Steve doubled over, bending in half as he rode out the pain.
“Get rest.”
Tony rolled his eyes rather than respond, because that was just the throw away condition and they both knew it. Tony would never have left Bruce to face the retaliation of the Gestapo after their heist.
"Nothing, I went and got the Baroness just as I was ordered. Heard her telling them he was still sick and can't be disturbed." A loud scoff followed. "Suppose you saw the big announcement in the paper this morning? It’s shameful. She won’t get away with lying for that crack pot, mark my words."
She didn’t.
“You may take the children,” he finally relented with a sigh and Tony knew better than to get his hopes up, because no sooner had his emotions begun to soar then Rogers delivered the parting blow. “But Bucky and I have too much to do.”
He had to get to his family! She wouldn’t stop him! Nobody would stop him! Dimly Steve registered pain in his side as she kicked at him, untangling herself franticly from his flinching hands and scrambling away from him like a crab. She stopped feet away when Steve made no move toward her, instead pulling himself up on shaking arms and wobbling legs.
“Maria has to go to the bathroom, but she’s scared.” he whispered, pointing a skinny finger over to Maria who was standing now too, her hands bunched up in the hem of her dress and staring morosely at her feet.
Tony jolted at the sound of a soft feminine voice in his ear. He’d been standing there staring after the Captain like some besotted idiot, and the whole world had just disappeared.
“Don’t worry Stefen. Together, we’ll figure something out.” Tony encouraged, daring once more to brush his lips against Steve’s. Steve hummed thoughtfully as Tony pulled back.
“Well that settles it then.” Da tossed his newly sown blouse at him. Ian caught it before it smacked his face, trying not to giggle but he couldn't help the little burst of laughter.
Antonia nodded slightly, sobering.
"No. I'm certain of it in fact. That is the problem. I'm certain that I’d love to stay with you and finish the children’s schooling. I’m certain that I would enjoy many happy years in your house and in your bed."
Pavlok tossed a peevish glance in the direction of his secretary as he ushered Tony inside his cramped office, but the young woman didn’t look at all bothered by her employer’s displeasure. Tony heard her call out that Herr Gerber was there to fix the plumbing and bit back a snicker as Pavlok stuck his head out the door again and hollered back.
Steve kept quiet. The anger was practically rolling off of Tony’s skin. He was spoiling for a fight, but Steve wasn’t keen on giving it to him. He wouldn’t be tricked into giving Tony information that would only endanger him.
It was Artur. Ian and the others had been playing outside. Ian had been practicing drills and Péter had wandered off when Harry had shown up with a telegram. Artur and Maria had wandered down to the lake without anyone noticing until Maria had started screaming. Artur was throwing some sort of fit, trying to drag Maria into the water. Neither child could swim.
Tony paled as he saw a flash of movement in the rearview. Behind him, Clint popped up from the back of the truck. With pistol pointed he let loose two rapid shots before dropping back down, quick as a mole back into its hole, blonde hair flashing and cheeks ruddy with exertion.
~*~*~
aryan sensibilities. Bucky caught her eye just as she was finishing up her goodbyes and begging off joining a would-be beau in the parlor room. He raised his glass to her in a silent farewell. She’d be followed no doubt, but that was the plan and Jann was very good at taking care of herself.
The group had parked with their meager belongings in the mezzanine. The adults had claimed a small section of benches with the children taking the floor, but somehow James had scored himself a perch between two older women. Both who had thankfully nodded off and hadn’t noticed the hue of his hair.
“It’s not time for the post again.” James remarked at Ian’s shoulder. He was in charge of taking down the temperature in their log book. It was unusually warm for fall and Tony had Ian and his younger siblings tracking the weather for patterns. They’d made a barometer out of a jar, that actually worked. Still, their assignment might have gone smoother if Artur would pay attention and stop singing that song about the goat herder Tony had taught them.
He scowled, making his way toward the kitchen doors. He no longer felt in a party mood. He stumbled over the step and into the kitchen, uncommonly cool what with no preparation for tomorrows meals and the fire in the ovens long since put out.  Tony thought half a second of going to his room, and then to going outside and finding Julia or any one of the other young women who had ever sent him a flirtatious smile. Women whom would be happy to share his bed and weren’t engaged to be married!
When Tony was agitated, his eyes tended to get this sharp look about them, until they got almost as cutting as Steve knew that his tongue could. In a strange way, he enjoyed that about Tony. The constant pushback, the underlining challenge in almost every interaction that made Steve long for a moment of sure privacy because he'd like to know if Tony could keep pushing that smart mouth of his going with Steve's hands on him. He thought not.
The captain and Bakhuizen had arrived for breakfast that morning and announced that they would be taking the children for the day, giving Tony the freedom to do as he pleased. Tony had been forced to ask him to repeat what he’d said twice before it had really sunk in that Stefen not only intended to spend the entire day with his children unaided… he also seemed
“Do you think it would help to sing about our favorite things?” She asked and Stefen looked to Tony with confusion.
Steve jerked, slamming back to the present so fast it left him with an uncomfortable feeling of whiplash, his whole body tight with nerves. Tony gently touched his elbow and Steve looked down to stare at the fingers of his hand, dragging in a deep breath as he found his ground.
A short man with curling hair was behind the counter, he looked up at the tinkle of the bell when they entered, and his eyes lit up in recognition.
She nodded, clear blue eyes fixed on him, as if she’d expected the response. He couldn’t read her expression as she returned to her food.
“No.” Stefen immediately snapped, jaw tight. “My children do not perform in public.”
“What is that? What’s going on?!” Tony demanded, clutching dramatically at his chest like a frightened woman grasping her pearls as the Warden twisted sharply to get a look out the window and cursed.
“Herr Stark?”
When Stefen’s eyes raised to meet his there was something evocative in them that made Tony’s throat go dry.
After that he’d given up, collecting the few tools he’d been able to bring with him and had gone about fixing furniture. It was rudimentary work (all wood, nails, and screws) but it kept his mind occupied and is fingers away from the bottle (not that he had one on hand, but in a house this size he didn’t doubt he could find one).
~*~ December 12th~*~
She was in love, and Tony wished her the best of luck with it, but war changed everything and touched everyone. Didn’t he know it.
The stars came out over his head and Steve ran under them, his heart pounding away, his pack shifting precariously on his back. His legs burned but in a distant way, as if they didn't belong to him.
“It doesn't have to be you. You have the children to think about!”
“I happen to agree with you Bucky but I don’t think the police care.” Stefen drawled. “They’ve offered a reward for anyone with information about them and have placed restrictions on selling paint. They intend to catch them, and I have it on good authority that when they do they’ll be made examples of through torture and execution. I -”
Tony took a delicate bite of his fish and shrugged.
“Everything’s an invitation to negotiate Darling, when we have what you want.” Tony purred, for the sheer pleasure of watching how quickly it got under the bureaucrat’s skin. “Stefen is the one person who knows how to get in and out of the palace undetected. But you already know, that if you use his children as leverage and apply enough pressure, you’ll get what you want out of him.”
They continued on but Steve let their voices fade. His mind, although fractured, obsessing over Schmidts rage. Something must have happened. Something severe enough to... to be afraid. What had he said?
Natacha, who had gotten closer commented with a note of gravity in her tone entirely misplaced for the subject matter, “They want us to sing for the troops, in honor of the Sudetenland Germans coming home.”
Péter's face was turning red, he looked down at his feet but when he shook his head it was with conviction.
"You're not well enough for this," he pointed out, for the sake of being able to say he'd done so, but his eyes were fixated on the rapid rise and fall of Stefen's chest, and the way Steve’s eyes had fixated on the column of Tony's throat. Or perhaps more accurately, on the jewelry which now hung from it.
Stefen continued to stare out across the water, shoulders set in a stubborn line and Bucky cursed.
The word coward screamed out from the poster in giant bold letters, red as the swollen flesh after a slap. Below Stefen’s picture there was another bold subline, detailing his arrest and betrayal of his country by the cowardly act of desertion. Bucky’s heart began to pound.
She stopped a few times to slip him bites of food and water. Every time that she opened the lid he jerked, fear jolting through him as he came up ready to swing.
– made it sound so reprehensible.
Dr. Erskine had come to the house when her Baka got sick. He'd left medicine. She remembered her mother tucking away the little brown bottle in her drawer.
“Ginn says you weren't feeling well.”
“Shhh now, you can’t leave us so soon Captain,” the hand tightened on his face, nails biting into his skin, hot breath ghosting over his flesh. Steve’s stomach rolled, salty bile and blood sticking his throat, threatening to choke him, his lungs seizing from the lack of air.
“Plants are good for that, unfortunately there aren’t a lot of those to go around right now.” Tony answered and James pouted, turning to glare at the window where the sun shone warmly, but it was still winter white outside. How long did winter last up here?
“Péter, we can’t ask – ” Cameron began to refuse but Péter cut him off with a shake of his head.
Tony stared at him for a long drawn out moment. When he finally moved it felt like all the breath Steve had ever held rushed back into his lungs before it was sucked out again in a rush.
“Herr Stark, I really must protest this. The captain-” Hammer tried to halt the proceedings once more as Tony and his guest got settled. Meeting Clinton’s eye and battling a grin Tony cut the butler off.
"It's not about how capable you are Tony. You don’t want to know what they’ll do to you if they catch you. I asked when I agreed to make you part of this, to trust me to know when something was too dangerous. I’m asking you to trust me. "
“Captain Rogers!” a man behind the desk immediately called for Steve’s attention. Herr Shultz, according to his shiny brass name tag, saluted smartly as Steve drew closer and Steve returned the perfunctory gesture with his jaw clenched tight.
"I know this fools limits better than he does, Stark." Bucky replied with a roll of his eyes, taking a bite out of the end of his licorice. "If he looks like somethin’ the cat dragged in its cause I'm pushin him. We don't have time to be skirts about this."
“A question I have often asked myself. Once I thought it was because he gave me a home. I see those brows working Grig, and at the risk of sounding ungrateful Cousin, this is not home.” Grig’s mouth closed, and whatever he had thought to reply went unsaid as he sat back and listened.
“There is for us.” He bit out, taking a jerking step forward, away from Tony’s hands. Tony sighed.
It was only for a second but Steve suddenly felt a rush of Deja vu. Of being on one end of a weapon and the snarled terror ridden face of an Italian on the other.
sick, but not the way he needed to be, and now he
I know these words will ring as hypocritical coming from me, but I implore you to be careful and keep your head low. Farkas may be seasoned at these games of politics and lies, but you have always been a much simpler man. And I think better for it.
“Herr Stark?” Péter’s uncertain voice came through the thick door and Tony felt a stab of pain, the origins of which he could neither place nor properly define. The annoyance of having his solitude interrupted intermingled with the pressing memory of Péter’s stricken expression as he’d abandoned the boy in the hall.
Steve breathed out slowly, his body still thrumming with adrenaline, the aftertaste of fear metallic in his mouth as he came to grips with Bucky’s mixed messages of absolutions and warnings, and processing through his own mixed bag of emotions.
A few feet away Rogue turned from her own work and shared smile with him in the dark, her eyes bright with a familiar inner flame in the lamplight.
"I’m sorry, we don't accommodate vagabonds,” the fellow rudely interrupted. “There's a monastery down the road, I'm sure they'll be happy to assist you. If they're still open."
Péter deserved everything that life could offer him, everything Steve had never had. He deserved to be able to do as he pleased without looking over his shoulder for the next knock in the face for doing so.
Magda swallowed, and took a step towards him. She was trembling but her voice was steady when she asked. “Where?”
Always so concerned about the future. Always dismissing the importance of the here and the now.
"I don't recall ordering a meal." Tony pointed out firmly. He hated to sound like a broken record, but it wasn’t Ian’s job to take care of him and it was vastly unfair of his father to have placed that burden on his young shoulders when he had so much else to worry about. But getting Ian to abandon his mission was about as difficult as reasoning with a mule.
Bucky sighed inwardly.
They could not stay in Austria and he loathed the thought of splitting them up.
it was a heavy burden for him to carry alone. I don’t know that he’d have done half as well if Tony hadn’t come along.
Péter's ears were ringing, but he thought it was Bobby who had shouted, though there were several pairs of hands involved in the process of hauling Johann off of him and helping to prop Péter up as a shrill whistle cut through the air.
“Natacha? What are you doing back so soon?” Tony asked, as confused by her sudden appearance as he was grateful for it. Natacha didn't immediately answer him, staring between the two of them with suspicion.
"Tony can manage fine. He certainly handles them better than I ever have. I keep finding myself arguing with an eight year like its life or death," he said thinking of the little troll he called a son. He missed James with a familiar if sudden stab of longing. He’d pitch a fit at the idea of a new mother and moving to Switzerland but he’d get used to it.
"You've got a sharp pupil here, Herr Stark," Soren exclaimed with a low whistle as he stepped in close to peruse the lineup of prints, their slick surfaces glinting in the low light. Péter 's crooked smile was bashful, but Tony could tell he was bursting with pride.
“Where do you think they are, Herr Stark?”
James hurled the book in his hand and Ian ducked as the heavy volume sailed just past his ear.
Tony was just finishing helping Sara wash her hands and dumping a fresh layer of pine needles over the bucket they were forced to use temporarily as a latrine when the news report began.  At first Tony only kept one ear open, so used to the routine of it now that it took a few moments for him to process that he truly had heard it this time. Stefen’s name. They were talking about Stefen!
with you. It will keep you warm.” She gestured to the jug and Tony came without protest. Nonna was always forcing food upon him and he hated to disappoint her with his poor appetite. But when it came to wine, he could certainly oblige her. He poured himself an overfull mug and took a healthy sip, savoring the flavors of cinnamon and clove that splashed over his tongue. He could feel her watching him.
“But you’d trust her with something like this?” Steve asked. He didn’t like it.
His mother’s voice drifted out to him where he stood, low and sweet, and he shifted his eyes to the windows just to the right of the oak doors. Behind shifting gauzy drapes, he could see her sat at the piano in the front parlor. She’d had it moved there so he could always see her while he played in the garden. If he picked her a bouquet of flowers and ran up to the window, she’d accept them with a smile and say,
“I told her the truth. There is a training regiment here and my mother is a good German.” Then she added, with something of chagrin in her voice, “my sister is married to a soldier and I’m very patriotic myself.”
Stefen was about to do something that would tip the country over into civil war and even if he survived the attempt, the people would tear him apart.
Pietro snorted but let the tension drain out of his shoulders as he sauntered closer, lowering himself to the grass beside his sister.
The question startled Ian so much that he jerked, sloshing some of the chocolate out of his cup.
Dvorak snorted to himself, folding the page of the letter he’d long ago stopped reading. Loyal like a dog was Rogers. No matter how many times his cause kicked him in the side, he always came crawling back. They could all turn on him and he would keep his mouth (for the first time) firmly shut.
“I’ll think on it, Tony.” Steve replied and Tony squeezed his arm once more before pulling away, to get the next vendors attention. Mindful this time, Steve stood back a little to give him space, but not so far that he couldn’t get there quickly if he saw something.
“Cross? I can hardly imagine it.” Tony murmured with a serious frown. Stefen blinked at him but Tony didn’t break until the man’s shoulders twitched and suddenly a rusty chuckle rumbled from his chest. Tony grinned victoriously.
"My Ma used to tell your Da and I this story. A boy and his friend were throwing knives in the forest and they disturbed a hive of bees, so they had to run for their lives. His friend was faster than the boy, but he didn't know the woods as well." Bucky returned to rubbing her back as he started the story, his voice low and deep within the empty dining room and Natacha stilled in his arms, listening intently. "Though it looked like the trees went on forever in all directions, the boy knew that in the east the land dropped off to the sea. He knew the cliff was there and that his friend would die if he fell from such a height; but he was too far ahead to catch and too panicked to hear any of the warnings the boy shouted. You know what he did?"
“Suffering? Funny you should mention it. I thought you might like a roomier bed to sleep in, but if you’ve enjoyed elbows and knees poking you every night, I guess I’ll just throw you back in the pile.”
“Oof,” Tony grunted in surprise as the breath drove out of him, and Stefen jerked, clearly wanting to spring off of him but lacking the strength just yet. Tony shushed him again, hands stroking over his back soothingly as he attempted to shift them so Stefen’s weight was more evenly distributed.
! He couldn’t go there. How petty could he be? This wasn’t about him; it was about her.
Charlotte putt a hand on his chest as she blinked at him in surprise. "Why not? What do you mean?"
Coward.
It made it impossible to completely relax, even though they were on solid ground, comfortable, dry, and being treated with what he didn’t doubt was the star treatment the Royal Navy reserved for buttering up very important persons.
“Who’s Yonas?” Clint asked even as Leshnerr demanded lowly through his gritted teeth to know what the hell Bruce thought he was doing.
“Not at you, at your uncle.” Stefen kissed the side of her head gently. “How bout it, yah up for it, Buck?” Stefen snickered. Bastard knew damn well Bucky wasn’t about to disappoint her if he could help it.
“Yes, and she’s dead.”
Tony's eyes narrowed on her but at that moment the bell for the front door chimed.
“How does he know it’s them?” She asked, wiping up the splatter with her napkin. Steve stared at her. She sounded tense. Not out of the ordinary given the subject matter, but something about it bothered him.
“Have you tried telephoning your-“ he started again. Tony cut him off unable to keep the weariness and irritation out of his voice.
“I think so. When in is your big day?”
“There’s a lot of things I’d take back if I could… do differently. But
“You confronted him without telling me?!” Without telling
He wasn't sure if his ribs could take sitting down but was nearly just as sure he couldn't stand much longer.
“Oh sweet Jesus,” Tony cursed, and he thought he heard a huff of laughter punch out of Stefen’s chest but the sound was lost amidst their desperate pants for breath as they thrust against each other, movements frantic and without rhythm. Stefen gave him no choice, caging Tony’s body with his, pulling him into each powerful thrust in a mad rush to completion. It was the euphoria of children consuming a sweet delight in a single swallow and all Tony could do was hold on, arm thrown over Stefen’s neck and hand fisted tightly in his shirt as the pleasure built and built.
A door slammed shut in the direction of the house and Bucky came back to himself, clamping his hand back over her mouth and going still. Slowly, carefully, Bucky peeked his head around the side of the barn. A man stood at the top of the hill his back turned partly away from them. He’d resting his hands on his lower back and was casting his eyes around the landscape. He called out for the girl, waited a moment, and when there was no answer he turned back toward the house. Even at a distance Bucky could make out the dark bruises on the left side of the man’s face.
He was about to turn and leave when he caught sight of a small door in the corner. It could be the door to a panty he thought, heart kicking up in his chest, or even a cellar. His heart pounded all the harder as he approached it, breathing harshly as he took the two small steps leading down to it and reached for the knob.
He was here wasn’t he? Bobbing about in rowboat across the lake to go camping, of all things, when by rights there were a million other things he should be doing to keep them all safe.
“What was that?!” Dvořák barked with a satisfied smirked as Becker jumped to alertness.
Only, that night he didn’t seem in the mood for it. Maybe it was the hours he’d already spent stooped till his back ached or the soap seeped into old scrapes and burns reminding him of his own fragility but that night Tony did not make the turn that would have taken him to the workshop. It was as silent as a tomb in the monastery after hours, the silence only emphasizing the cold of the stone walls and the emptiness of each passage. Quite without thought Tony found himself where Brother Hanes and the rest of the monks designated for choir work practiced their hymns, but it didn’t surprise him that on a night like this he’d be driven to chasing ghosts.
“I think it means you reminded her of him. And seven is pretty young to remember so much… but you know, I bet your father remembers a lot.”
Tony filled a syringe with the binding agent and straightened, his back groaning in protest after having been stooped over for hours, and he met Péter’s expectant gaze. Tony instructed him on how to properly store the rest of the solution and the boy nodded, wiping sweat from his brow with a shaky hand. He looked paler than usual and downright exhausted. Tony hoped he’d remember to have someone make sure he went to bed. There was nothing more to do for his father now besides wait.
“You’re a little girl Tacha. Why are you so worried about how you look?”
“And what is it you think I want?”
Péter winced. Natacha’s grip on the torch tightened but she said nothing.
“Oh, between Stefen and James I wager I know you better than you think Herr Stark,” she returned with a wink, and after a quick glance to be sure that Frau Ursala was no longer in earshot she whispered with a small shudder, “That horrible woman is the chief marriage counselor at the registrar’s office in Vienna. She stamped me a half breed and told my husband he should divorce me.”
“Like what? Aren't you meant to look after us?”
That last name gave him pause, sending him back to the train ride to Berlin. Bethany had mentioned her father was an English diplomat of some sort. It could just be a coincidence of surnames, but Tony was leaving nothing to chance. He was as positive as he could possibly be that each of the people listed in this little book was involved in the resistance operation and Stefen had already revealed that they were coordinating with British Intelligence. Which meant that in some fashion or another the British Government had to be involved.  Since all the other names were just names to him it was as good a place as any to start.
Relief washed through Tony in a wave, leaving him feeling suddenly drained. Unbidden, he felt the sharp prick of tears in his eyes and had to batt them away.
"Everything has changed. You can't fight for them Stefen, you can't."
Steve glanced at her warily. They’d been friends long enough for him to know what she looked like when she was plotting. Peggy used to get a similar look just before she found some way to make trouble.
It only underscored that something was not right in Steve’s head.
"We don't want to be found!" Artur insisted. His cheeks had grown red, and his eyes welled with frustrated tears. "Go away, or I... I'll hit you with this."
“You broke it! You broke it!”
But the words were like water thrown over the fire raging in Steve’s blood. He heard Tony again in his mind, accusing him of sounding like his father, accusing him of not listening.
Tony pressed back, hands sinking desperately into the soft strands of Stefen’s hair, unable to help the low helpless moan that shuddered from him, as the unbearable coil of anticipation that had only been coiling tighter and tighter with the wait finally snapped.
“How many children does Captain Rogers have?”
A troubled frown creased the boy’s brow.
Tony made his way up the stairs that night ready to attempt sleep again. His mind was oddly quiet. Well it wasn't firing at all cylinders, and with the way the past few days had gone he would take what he could get.
“What do you mean?” Tony asked after a moment.
Tony’s eyebrows raised as he considered Coulson’s words. It didn’t appear that Stefen had shared with him that the resistance was behind the magazine. Perhaps it was safer not to. It was heartening to know that members of the Abwehr were running a resistance of their own, but the risk to both was great and the fewer names shared between them the better.
Bucky shot him a dry look, and shook his head.
.” Tony sneered, deliberately accenting the crass words until he sounded like some twisted version of Bucky, complete with the eyes that accused Steve of all kinds of idiocy and betrayal. Tony had never made a joke out of the roughness that sometimes-colored Steve’s speech. The distinctly rounded sounds and vocal patterns of the Rom. It stung, but he supposed he deserved a little viciousness, after what he’d said when Péter went missing… It felt like a different life now. But Steve remembered. He’d been vicious. Cruel. He hadn’t meant what he’d said… well most of it. But he hadn’t meant to hurt Tony, not really, only he
But Ian and the older set were certainly old enough to understand defiance when they saw it and could easily decide to complain to another adult. Tony would be arrested and taken to jail where he’d likely be found guilty of treason because the trial would be a sham and he had no intention of pleading anything but guilty to the charges. He’d be sentenced to death.
“Keep it down. But if you happen to look up and see anything at all noteworthy I want to know about it, almost before the ink dries. Are we clear on that Stark?”
There was a smattering of freckles on his back, Stefen remembered, just across his shoulder blades. He used to draw them too, when Ian was a baby – used to sit with his wife, fingers mapping blemishes and tracing the delicate line of his child’s back as he tried to capture the beauty of a moment gone too quickly. Stolen too easily.
The wife wouldn’t hear of him returning any of the linens or the pot of soup. Out here where it was so remote, neighbors had to depend on each other in times of crisis. As soon as it was heated to her satisfaction and covered for travel Dagmar helped Tony and Ian load his sled up for travel and asked once more about giving them a ride. Tony begged off, claiming to have left his truck at the foot of their trail and thanked them kindly for their other offerings.
Cameron smothered an involuntary chuckle in his sleeve and Péter frowned, crossing his arms in irritation. Why did Natacha have to be so stubborn all the time, and think she knew best?
“Stay with me, all right,” he said into her hair, with a soft kiss.
Stefen’s jaw clenched as the band began their first tune and Janneke’s lovely voice to fill the room. He looked tired to Tony and well in need of a sit down, but unless he was willing to cause a scene – or do something drastic like punch Charlotte’s old man right in his pointed nose like he was so clearly aching to do – he wasn’t going to get out of dancing with his fiancé at his own engagement party. Reputation for a dislike of dancing or no.
"Protecting myself." Stefen admitted with far less fight than Tony had expected. "It wasn’t right, I know that. It’s just, I can’t let you walk away."
Steve blinked up at her dazedly.
“I’m Péter. I’m fourteen years old-” here he turned his head just long enough to frown grumpily at Tony and spit out, “-and I don’t need a tutor.”
There was little rhyme or reason to what set Steve off.
The prisoners starve and grow sick. I hear their screams and their cries at night, and a sinful rage builds within me. To think that these men now suffer for the very acts of mercy that define their faith is unspeakable.
“Still.” Tony said after a long moment of indecision. Did he show his hand (tell this man he was harboring more than one Jew)? Would it do any good?
“Major, you forget yourself.” He heard Göring’s immediate reprimand, but Steve didn’t take his eyes off of Vonkov long enough to gage the mood of their host. Göring wasn’t the threat here, Vonkov was. He wanted to hurt Tony and Steve wasn’t going to let him.
“Alright, it's time for lunch you said?” Tony placed his hand on Ian's thin shoulder, guiding him towards the door and away from Hammer’s domineering glower. “That's what I thought I'd heard but my hearings been off, what with all the sharp noises. Ian come along.”
“I don’t know what you think happened ‘Highness, but Schmidt beat him within an inch of his life the trouble of taking that thing. He’s had plenty of opportunities to take Steve out of the picture but he hasn’t, because he can’t prove shit and they want to keep the people pacified while Germany swallows their country.” Turning an angry gaze on Thor Bucky continued. “And that letter makes it clear that their not stopping with Austria. They’re coming for everyone Thorson, and Norway sooner than most. You’re a fool if you ignore it.”
“Let me let you in on a secret bambino, all the screaming and fussing in the world won’t make them see you any better. They’ll just write you off all the quicker.”
Despite himself Bucky found himself smiling along with Charlotte who chuckled gaily as the children fumbled their way through the performance. Steve was quieter but he was beaming as he watched the puppets dance and listened to the beautiful sound the children were making with their voices. He had a talented bunch, that was for sure. That look of barely contained amazement he couldn’t quite wipe off his face was well earned. Even though Bucky knew part of it was for Stark – for the way that he had of bringing everything alive, and pulling out the best from the kids – Bucky couldn’t resent it. He wished Steve could have more moments like this, moments that made him light up.
The monks had been kind and brave to stick their necks out for the rescue effort even when they did not know the full scope of the danger. Farkas could not have told them very much at all about the operation, but Tony had known how deep the depths of their compassion and commitment to their fellow man went when he'd heard what they’d risk to shelter undesirables. But every day that Tony spent under their roof was another day they risked discovery, and Brother Simone seemed relieved to see him go if only for that. Tony couldn't blame him.
Hammer, the oily toad, nodded his head deeply and simpered, “of course Baroness.”
Steve had stared at him, dazed, until Bucky had lowered the instrument and sighed. Steve didn’t remember much after that. Bucky must have put him back to bed.
“Learn a lesson from it then and shut up.” a voice said in the darkness and Steve whipped his head around and glared, finally catching sight of the one who’d spoken. The man glared back at him, but the look in his eye made Steve fall quiet again backing down from the challenge. The other man was half dead already, but desperately clinging to what little of life was left of him.
“Are you holding them hostage? Honestly Stefen this is ridiculous. Who would teach your children if I swanned off to Berlin with their father?”
"Sorry to interrupt Captain, but Herr Hammer is demanding to see Lt. Stevens.”
Tony looked up from his meal to survey the seven despondent faces of his charges as they picked at their plates.
The captain took a slow deep breath – the movement of his broad chest catching Tony’s eyes and making his hand burn enough to drop it.
"You don’t know anything do you? Who do you think sent me here?" Bucky scoffed and Tony’s whole world tilted.
Schmidt’s smile curled into a devil's grin as he made his way around the desk and slowly began to fill his plate with the delicacies that had been laid out. Steve waited, coiled tight and prepared for anything. Schmidt took his time, the delicate china tinkling like bells and light bouncing off the silverware. All the while Steve waited at attention.
Ian swallowed and trudged along behind them, that voice inside his head getting thinner and thinner with each frantic repetition.
Major Rogers flew by, barking how appalled he was at the men's formation. Becker huffed loudly, pulling his pack closer to his body and looking over his shoulder at the red-faced line of boys shuffling along behind him.
“I do.” Stefen murmured in reply and in his eyes there was a wealth of gratitude and something even sweeter, something magnetic, though Tony didn’t dare go so far as to try and name it. That was folly for a different day.
They were flying directly over English airspace, and Quill was in frequent communication with the traffic controllers, but there was always the possibility of running headlong into trouble.
Tony felt the man’s eyes on his as he made his way to the open door where Herr Hammer now stood in wait. Though it would undoubtedly be looked down upon by any good loyal citizen of Austria he acknowledged the gardener with a small nod as he passed. The gardener’s eyebrows arched in something close to surprise and Tony couldn’t blame him. The only people who went out of their way to be friendly to the sort of people the Reich had classified as ‘sub-human’ were the sort with no sense of self preservation. His sort apparently.
"Frauline Werner is an esteemed member of society and a patriot!" Hammer seethed indignantly, as Tony had busied himself procuring a cup of coffee (Willamina always left a fresh pot on the table for the staff).
The room was silent for a tense moment before Stanislov slowly got up from his seat and took a few prowling steps until he was looming over Tony. Tall bastard that he was.
“Morning starts after the stroke of midnight.” Steve returned the expected pass phrase as Lt. Becker gestured for the men to fall out of line. Three of them formed an assembly line. Steve jumped back into the van and handed out the gear that would have raised the policeman’s suspicions, as it was unmistakably more fit for full assault than it was a reinforcement of guards.
“One and the same. I see the children were talkative.”
It was a moment before Tony's brain could remember anything besides the heat of Stefen’s mouth. Twisting on the bed to get closer, pressing up against his chest, it was everything he could do to remember not to put too much weight on him as he savored Stefen’s. It still terrified him how close he'd come to loosing this. Losing
“I’m on patrol.” Bucky announced suddenly, straightening from his seat to snatching up his weapon. “Stairwell. Rogers, watch my six.”
“Relax, Cap.” Tony murmured with a wink, lips returning to the rim of his cup. “Gentlemen don't keep their wives heavy with babies, and monks certainly never touch the good stuff-”
It had started with places: people Sam had known and Steve through Sam. Stories upon stories comprising eleven years of friendship, well worn by retelling; and it had slowly branched out into a life that Sam had lived before coming to work for him, that Steve was realizing, too late to do anything about, that he’d known very little of.
“Quiet. Do you want them to hear?” someone hissed from Steve’s right.
He didn't know what those numbers meant, or why they would be there, but the sight of them sent cold creeping through Tony's veins.
Each one of them seemed to deflate, tension ebbing out of them. Natacha blinked at her tutor, eyes wide in surprise and Steve hummed, irritated. All the fancy pony tricks and the man refused to come right out and say it? Fine then, the children would not be punished and he’d just have to suffer whatever else they came up with to torment him. Spiders indeed!
“…you didn’t tell us you were coming back…”
Groaning, he pulled on his hair, using the pain that rippled over his scalp to ground him.
“Clear is not your strong suit Stefen. For instance, it is not clear what you intend to do about the fact that this time last week I kissed you. I suppose that’s fine. I’m an adult, I can handle disappointment. But there are other things that I just cannot go another moment without some clarity on.” Tony seethed.
“It aint virginia I’m worried about.” Bucky said with a poignant stare at Steve, obviously referring to his earlier warning about Hammer. He stood up and stretched a moment later and for Tony’s benefit Steve was sure he added, “I’m sure the little monsters have a whole day planned out for us.”
Steve was aware they were all watching him for his response. Testing him.  He settled for the safest words he could say.
"There's only been one clinical trial done, on rats, by an English Doctor during the Great War. I performed a similar trial on rodents at the abbey with Dr. Banner. If there have been human trials in the preceding years I never heard. I wasn't exactly in a position to keep up with it."
“All I am asking is that you give me a chance to find another way. One where we’re all together and you and I can choose how we make our stand. Please.”
He'd felt a burst of gratitude and something that felt like guilt settle in his chest as she’d cared for him. She'd even pulled out her makeup compact and covered the bruises on his face. Those ones had been accidents.
“I’d like you to come with me Stark.” Stefen said lowly.  “I'll make it worth your while.”
"No. Not at all!" He was going about this all wrong. Beside him Charlotte sighed and Steve snapped his mouth shut with a click before he could continue making a mess of it.
“James, so help me I will lock you in the seller-” Tony made another snatch for James shirt collar, but James darted just out of reach and snatched up another book, this one green with gold writing.
“Look at what Fraulein Braun gave me! She said it would bring me luck.” Maria explained gleefully as she bobbed up and down on her toes. He schooled his face as best he could, painfully locking away his panic.
Germany is sick. This is a truth we all must accept and that our friends at the castle must hear. We implore you to act. We need you to act.
“They don’t like outsiders either, but they have good reason, don’t they?” Ian swept back a lock of hair that had fallen in front of his eye. He either didn’t see or ignored the anxious glances his siblings traded with each other as he blithely continued. Steve closed his eyes and released a silent sigh, opening them again when his incredibly stupid and
“Don't you hear the music? He's playing in the music room.”
Artur seemed accepting of this and even though Maria cast Tony a nervous glance, she stepped closer to Artur in a way that suggested she’d not willingly be separated from him.
“I don't recall seeing you after dinner, Péter” he groused and Péter froze, his face going red as he stuttered over a response.
“So, I’m just supposed to go… and what, watch the news and feel lucky it’s not happening to me?”
Charlotte took charge in other ways, competently directing Virginia and Milthide in heating blankets to keep the children warm (the furnace was struggling with no one there to monitor feeding it) and heat water for washing. The women preoccupied, left Harold to mind the children (when he wasn’t roped into some form of labor too much for the women to handle on their own) and Tony to argue with Steve.
“You here looking for your boy?”
“Please, Stefen. It’s simple math. Even if I couldn’t determine the amount of force needed I could do this in my sleep.”
“Tony.” he heard himself say almost on automatic. He wrinkled his nose. “Nobody calls me Antony.”
~*~*~
Tony swallowed tightly, gathering breath to speak.  He meant to say thank you. Thank you for making me peel potatoes and clean up sick. Thank you for teaching me how to dress wounds and for arguing with me about the virtues of natural medicine. Thank you for sitting up with a crying child in the dark when no one else would and thank you for not ignoring me and treating me like I was hopeless. Thank you for whatever made that gun jam after you lost your patient, because even if you couldn’t save her you saved me.
Father had surprised everyone with ice cream the following night, but the Osbornes hadn’t come to many parties after that. When mother had died father never seemed to get around to arranging any visits for the boys either. Not that Péter minded terribly. He didn’t like going over to the Osbornes alone (Harry’s mother sighed at him like he was an orphan and his father avoided him like he smelled bad) but he had missed Harry, and had hoped for the chance to see him once school started up again… only that had never happened either.
Stark cocked his head, “I thought you said you'd be gone a week, at most?”
“Is Göring a very short man?” Tony had mused from the seat beside him as they were waved through the gates by a pair of S.S. officers and Steve had eyed him, frowning at the odd question.
“Look if you can’t relax Stevie, try and take a breath.” Bucky sighed once more. “You’re white as a sheet. You’ll terrify the children. Dottie isn’t going to show up with a tank before we can get there.”
“As does our King.” Siv bandied back with a raised eyebrow. “Odinburg may likely decide that it is better for us to cooperate with Germany than to try and resist them.”
That high in the alps with the clouds hanging low it was easy to see where the house had gotten its name. The story in the family was that her Grandfather Abel Vontrapp had built it as a wedding present for his swiss bride, the incomparably beautiful Henriette Seyler. Whose fortune they say had saved the family from the mismanagement of Abel’s father. A man whose love for gambling and expensive women was well documented.
“You act as thick as thieves.” She laughed, the sound ringing like bells though it was tight and higher then it usually was. “I thought for sure you must have met during the war. Now I’m devilishly curious to know the story behind your meeting. I don’t know any man who would raise a dozen children that weren’t his own. Most would be insulted-”
“Then go. Now. Get her out of here.”  Steve waited only long enough to make sure the boy listened, melted into the night like a shadow with Emma in his arms. He hated to leave the man (her father?) but there was nothing he could do for him, not when he had to get to his own children. Steve turned and ran down the street.
"We’ll have to go with my plan then." Charlotte agreed. The last thing she wanted was for the poor children to end up in the middle of a melee. She'd never forgive herself if one of them were injured. "My father has spoken to the administration, and they've agreed to grant him and mother custody of most of the children." Jann's eyebrows raised taking her meaning.
“Of course not Captain. It would be extremely difficult for a man of your importance to do as he wished when he wished it.”
“Welcome home Steve.” Bucky echoed his thoughts and Steve’s chest ached with relief. Perhaps it hadn’t changed as much as he feared. He knew he was lucky, because he had Bucky to thank for that. His throat was tight with emotion as he gruffly echoed.
The child was nodding emphatically as another round of thunder boomed. Tony was just extending a hand toward her when she squealed with fright and dove toward him like a missile. Quite without knowing how Tony found himself with an arm full of terrified little girl, Maria’s slight form trembling against his as she buried her face against him. Tony had looked up to call Péter for help, hoping the child’s brother would have some idea of how to handle this, when he noticed that now Natacha was standing in the doorway with little Sara in her arms. The toddler’s face was red and blotchy with tears.
“You’re not a whore Tony. You don’t have to do dirty things for me.”
“You were always a different kind of bird, Antony. If you believe one thing, believe I never intended you to get trapped here. Do yourself a favor and fly away, before you lose the chance.”
It was painfully silent for a long moment before Stefen calmly said, in a low forceful tone that would be nothing but obeyed. "You are my son. And as long as you're that, you'll do as I say. Am I understood?"
The General’s toothy smile was back again, only now it was far more a snarl than anything else.
“You’re not a perfect man Stefen. We all must get lost sometimes. I like knowing you have something to help you find your way home, when you do.” Stefen stared at him for a long moment before his eyes dropped back to the picture. It was another long moment before he spoke, his voice carrying a slight roughness.
But she believed herself to be right and on the side of the angels. How did you convince someone who believed themselves impervious to harm with the protection of God?
Bucky didn’t bother to deny it. Instead he slung an arm around Steve’s shoulder and plucked the cigarette from his mouth, tilting his head back to release a slow steady stream of smoke.
“What the hell did you do to yourself?” He continued softer than before this time in Rromany, the language of their people slipping easier off his tongue than either the German or the Polish they’d learned ever could.
“At the last moment my nephew snatches little Hans up to safety.” Schmidt picked another piece of cheese off the platter turning it over, inspecting it as he murmured almost distractedly. “A little worse for wear but safe from certain death. But to think, little Hans tries so hard. Every time. It’s funny how the minds of rodents' work. Such hope, little Hans has of escaping the claws of fate even as they rake down his back.”
Steve blinked rustling the papers on the desk, his dry eyes weary of pouring over documents. He was currently examining the new plans for police dispersion for the city, a special request handed down from the Mayor who often relied on Steve’s proven gift for strategy and sound judgment.  Over by the window Assistant Chief Olasz turned toward him, his expression pinched but expectant. He was clearly as eager as Steve to wrap up their business for the night and go home. Maybe if they finished soon, Steve could surprise Tony and the children at the Music Hall. It was unfair to keep avoiding them. It wasn’t their fault he’d failed to protect their brother.
Antony Stark gazed back at him. His tutor, or rightly, his children's tutor, his employee and decidedly NOT Peggy waited for his answer.
~*~*~
He could feel Stefen and Grig staring after him.
"I'll get us where we need to be. You just get yourself back to Stefen and the children, yeah?”
As Hammer continued to argue with the two women Tony kept his expression bland but tuned their voices out, neither needing nor desiring to hear more.
He shuddered as the liquor went down, though he couldn't be sure if it was from the heat of the brandy or from Stefen's eyes locked with his.
“It’s alright.” He murmured. “It’s alright.”
There was even a drinks bar set up near the secretary’s desk. Ms. Rand (as she was introduced) got the children settled with water and some small snacks while their escort led Tony and Stefen to a conference room where Admiral Pike, whose command they were going to be under for the duration of the mission, was waiting with and an official-looking man in a suit.
Steve skidded to a halt as she tried to reason with Franz again. His legs shook from all the activity, but he ignored the fatigue, casting his eyes down on the floorboards and searching the darkness. The shotgun, where had Magda tossed it?
"You don't know do you?" The sudden question was full of gravel that Tony felt rumbling in Stefen’s chest as his arms tightened around him, and fingers pressed more demandingly against skin.
Because they should have fun. They should be children, no matter what else the world wished to make of them. Tony needed to remember that now more than ever.
“Last time I wasn’t smuggling wanted people. Don’t bullshit me or we’re done here. We clear?”
Péter’s expression sobered, his top teeth worrying his bottom lip as he considered what Tony himself was still considering.
“Where are who, Herr Stark?”
“Do-” his throat seized again, clicking painfully. “Don’t touch me.”
~*~*~
~*~~*~
"Again Tony!” she cried and Tony complied twice more before he had to stop to catch his breath.
Finished, he sat the rifle down and scooped up the pistol, quickly disassembling it. He paused, pistol in three pieces, as he felt the weight of Stefen’s still sitting gaze on him.
Maria’s eyes grew around with curiosity and she looked up at Tony.
“They will still be pariahs. My parents would never agree to it. I’ve done all I can Frau Hogan.” She informed the housekeeper, turning back to the task of packing her trunks. She couldn’t help but add over her shoulder, “it is a pity their father did not help them while he could.”
He waited, heart pounding for the next reprimand (how dare he make such wild promises to the children, how dare he speak out of turn, how dare he fill their heads with such senseless hopes) but it never came. Instead the Captain cleared his throat softly and said, so quietly that Tony nearly missed it, “That was… I mean to say, that was rather well done.”
“You took the twins to meet his ship in Belgium.” He recounted and Stefen nodded slightly in acknowledgment.
. They never did, and it's your pride that prevents you from asking my help convincing them.” His face was stone in the reflection of the mirror but she knew her words had cut him, the way only the unacknowledged truth could. Good.
“Who are you thinking of?” He asked, curious, because Tony would not endanger his relatives, and knew better than to think it wouldn’t be easy for the Italian authorities to draw the dots between them and fugitive Antony Stark.
“To know what?!” He demanded slightly panicked, his voice sounding weak and nervous even to his own ears.
“Hello,” she answered, her voice so quiet he nearly missed it.  A pretty voice, bell like, for a pretty girl.
~*~*~~*~
"No!" Péter immediately denied, shaking his head adamantly. "No, we got carried away is all. I'm sure you don't go around kissing other men."
Steve would have applauded her for the choice if it didn’t frustrate his desire to keep his children far away from his enemies. As person after person approached the family, Steve steered them around the room and away from the likes of Schmidt, Striker and Göring. An impossible task one might say and yet he attempted it.  There was no avoiding their host no matter what he did, and the Führer had been delighted to speak to them. He’d even presented Steve and Charlotte with an engagement gift in front of everyone to show his favor, even though they’d yet to officially announce it.
Stefen for his part let the admiral’s gaze search him, meeting his stare with an even one of his own. A change had come over the captain from the moment they had stepped off The Warbird and onto the airstrip on the Mainland. He was all soldier now, and the aura of command he exuded kept Tony on edge. He and Pike were virtually creating electricity between them and Tony kept having to fight back the urge to straighten his spine and check to see if his hair was still in place.
Steve snorted, though his amusement was minimal. He wouldn’t have put it past a woman like Dottie to try. Dörthe Werner and Peggy had been close once, meeting as young women at a Swiss finishing school and bonding over a shared sense of adventure, but Dottie came from an old family with strong political motivations and she’d always had a far colder approach to the world than Margrit. Steve had never known Dottie to be anything but cold and snobbish, especially towards him, but Peggy held such fond memories of the other woman that he’d always endeavored to hold his dislike in check. But Dottie’s vocal disdain for Peggy’s choice of partners had continually come between them and then her heavy involvement in the National Socialist party had driven the final wedge.
“None of us did.” Tony reminded him “But it’s alright now. He’s safe and his breathing is getting better by the minute. You can close your eyes you know.”
Coming home from the Greer’s that night Steve was exhausted. All he could think about was putting the children to bed and settling down in the sitting room with the strongest cup of coffee Tony could make him. They’d talked long into the night just that way the night before. It had been pleasant. Even more pleasant bringing Tony into his bed once the house around them had settled.
To make
“You're no gentleman either.” Tony finally said and Steve’s stomach clenched.
“She’ll either grow up to be a princess or a singer now for sure,” Tony whispered breath warm in his ear and Stefen bit back a grin.
They went through wood quickly to keep the cabin warm. Tony got up one morning after some of the children had started sleeping in the loft, took a look at their dwindling pile, and decided to take Ian and Péter with him on another wood run. The first time he’d ventured outdoors for wood he had just taken Péter. The younger boys had protested the arrangement but were quickly hushed by Natacha who reminded them sternly that it wasn't a game.
"I've spoken to some friends of mine. With time we might be able to determine which town they are headed to.” Stefen thankfully broke up the endless cycle of breathes so heavy in Tony’s ears.
Sighing, he took the journal from Tony’s hands. On the first page he found pages of script he couldn’t make sense of. Words and numbers that meant nothing to him in long complicated equations. But some of the pages had detailed drawings beside them. Elegant things that seemed to be fighting the constraints of their pages they were so grand in scope.  Designs for engines and bridges and towers, guns and tanks, cities and lights.
"Please, don't let your concern hold you here." Steve returned, surprising himself with the amount of venom in his tone. "You can go anytime you like. Do you need money? Food? I'd be happy to help you on your way." With each clipped word Steve felt parts of him ripping loose inside. He stood to his feet, striding towards the door. "
Hammer was correct however. He couldn't think of a man, let alone an officer, that allowed their servants to eat at the table with them. Or hug the children.
~*~*~*~
They’d attacked. Beat at him with their weapons and torn a screaming Maria right from his arms. James and Artur had jumped on the back of the man attacking him, allowing Tony to get the upper hand. Natacha and Ian had flown at the other as soon as he’d grabbed Maria. The man had swung the pipe into Ian’s stomach screaming he was a Jew Lover. Natacha cut him with something sharp. Tony had not seen what, had not waited more than a second after the man had staggered back from the children in shock before tackling him, twisting the heavy piece of piping out of his grip and beating him with it until he didn’t move anymore.
Ian stared at him. Even sitting Father was taller than him, even if just a little. Ian had never been at this vantage point, or at least that he could remember. He was almost eye to eye with him.
"This says you're from Glasenbach? What are you doing here out after curfew?"
Steve’s hand shook with the effort to resist grabbing the side table beside the chair and throwing it across the room. It wouldn’t be enough, he knew. If he started he wouldn’t be satisfied until he’d broken every last object in the room.
“I’d like to sing for you. It’s a love song, my father taught me. One of the few things we shared.”  He said slowly but determinedly, his voice gaining power as he went. He raised his from the mandolin and looked out at all those gathered, who were looking up at him in somber silence. “I know you share this love with me too. And I know you’ll never let it die.”
Her brows drew together, her usual timidity returning as she unclasped his fingers, dropped the little wooden bobble into his hand and replied in a very shy voice. “I was with Fraulein Braun, Vati. Look what she gave me.”
“The soups good,” he informed her back carefully as she dug around in the pantry. “But Tony doesn’t like pork.”
With Peter gone Ian would have to be the leader. He’d promised Da, but….
Noticing his stare Zimmerman held up his hand, eyebrows raised in invitation. Steve hadn’t played cards for fun in years. Usually it was some ploy to speak to some general or trade information. He’d not sat down and enjoyed himself at a game in ages. He shook his head in refusal. Leaving his perch was not an option. It was paranoia, he knew, there were three look outs stationed as it was, and anything Steve saw from this vantage point wouldn’t save them any time. Not really. Still, he couldn’t shake the need to keep an eye out.
“He was here, Major Stefen Rogers, yeah? That’s why the Gestapo were here questioning your people. That's why they took Magda, Otto and Elizabet Hofeiter.” He released her mouth only to snatch her jaw and squeeze her face, his nails biting into the skin in warning before he slowly released the pressure enough for her to answer. She swallowed, her tongue clicking dry against the roof of her mouth.
“Don’t worry. I’ve got him.”
And they did. From the elevator ride down to the lobby to the carriage ride (Maria begged as soon as she heard the horses tinkling harness) over to the small intimate shops near the Old University. It was easy to fall in love with the old buildings, with their scarred walls (many that had survived the middle ages) and baroque finishings. It was a place with history echoing in every footstep, like an old mother full of stories just waiting for eager ears.
Standing in there alone on a dark mountainside, Tony held on tight to his familia. The only thing that mattered now.
It made him angry. He clenched his jaw, snapping out that he was fine. As if he could erase that look from Bucky’s eyes with will alone. Bucky shrugged, turning back toward the window and Steve sat down heavily in the seat next to him. He didn’t worry about whether or not he was welcome there. With Bucky, he always was. Even when he wasn’t.
“You know I’m counting on you to look after everyone.”
"Everybody leaves us. Mama did and so did Péter. Tony and uncle Bucky have, and now Father. Nobody stays and that's fine. I don't need anybody but myself anyway because I'm not a baby like - Ouch!" James hollered as Ian reached across Artur to punch him solidly in the arm.
“Why? Why would they do that?” he demanded.
The duchess was, from what Steve could tell, as tall as her husband was. She wore a simple silver gown with one long, thick, blood red ribbon running around her waist and down her back. Her jet black hair coiled neatly behind her head. Really, though, it was her eyes that really caught him. Sharp and bright, they could pin a man from across the room.
The little boy sighed heavily, his mouth turning in a deeply contemplative frown, as if he were considering matters of unimaginable importance.
“Yes, I’d heard your father sent you away. I wasn’t surprised. Sadly, despite such a promising sire, Antony was one of my worst pupils. Lazy, arrogant, and convinced he was far superior than he was.” Vonkov explained in a snide tone for the delight of their rapt audience and Steve clenched his fist, wanting to sock the man in his teeth. Tony for his part kept his expression polite as the man continued.
Bucky shoved the painful memory away and looked away saying, “Don’t ungrateful Stark,” before he turned back to Lang and the other two, and gestured sharply with his head toward the car. “Drag the bodies into the brush. We’ll push the car off the road. Hopefully it will buy us a day or two before someone spots it.”
James did not speak, but his hand tightened in Tony’s shirt. He rested his head against Tony’s shoulder while they continued their ministrations and Tony didn’t mind at all the discomfort of kneeling next to the tub until long after the heat from the water had faded.
Of course Artur could always use James old clothes but then again, James hated to share.
Ian snapped his head around, pale tear streaked face lighting up in hope.
children could make such a beautiful sound... but of course they could. They were Peggy’s.
"… And so the officer looks down at your Da's papers and says 'Eighteen. Who can vouch for you?! You're ten if you're a day. Have you even been with a woman yet?' And your Da just looks right at him, real serious and says, 'Three of them. And if you go talk to the Enns sisters down at the inn they'll vouch for me quick'. " Bakhuizen finished with a laugh and Péter and Ian dissolved into snickers over the story. The younger children laughed along, though Tony got the impression they were just happy to join in with the general feeling of merriment and couldn't perhaps appreciate all of the humor of the story.
Steve turned in a fumbling circle, his footsteps echoing in the empty room. Answering him with every dragging step.
"Tell me the truth..." Tony's voice sounded a bit rough, even to his own ears but he pushed on with a heavy breath. He would have the truth now. Stefen would give him that.
Artur cried for an hour and gone missing for three. It had taken all of Péter, Frau Hogan and Steve’s efforts to find him. Though it had been the first and the only time - Steve had promised the boy so fervently - Artur still behaved sometimes as if he expected Steve to scream at him for the smallest infraction. To be struck...
The whistles shrill chirp stopped Captain Rogers in his tracks. He turned slowly, dangerously, and Tony gave him his most innocent expression.
What was happening? Why wasn’t Stefen yelling and behaving like… well not like this!
“Then I’m surprised he let you do what you did.” Bruce remarked with what he was certain now was mild rebuke and Tony bristled, finding himself jumping to the captain’s defense.
“Easy, easy. You have to keep drinking. I’m sorry.”
Scapa flow, home of the British Fleet, was a deep-water anchorage in the heart of the Orkney Islands. It was almost in the direct path of German naval traffic coming out of the North Sea, and while at first glance it looked impregnable, the first months of the war had proven it was anything but. Many new defense measures had been implemented since the attack in October that had sunk The Royal Oak battle cruiser, and the air raid that had followed it.
They’d not talked about it before and they should have. One did not simply just decide one day that they were going to take a lover of their own sex the same way they decided today they might wear a red vest.
See you on the other side. We have coco and blankets.
“Thank you, Jakob, but as it is a ball in my honor I am sure he knows to whom he speaks. Why don't you be of use to us and send for some refreshments, ja?”
“Touch me please.”
“Nevertheless Cardinal. I insist.” The warden sneered.
Hurt. He wasn’t hurt.
"Can you spare a mark for the train?"
"Jesus." Bucky muttered as he got his first good look at it, the blood training from his face. Tony hoped it was from the sight of the wreckage and not from the wound still oozing blood on his arm. Leshnerr quietly reached down to tear off a strip of the thin prison issue pants he wore beneath his monks robe and began wrapping it around the wound.
, he heard his mother croon softly in his ear, her weathered palms gentle as she wiped the sweat from his face, the scent of elderflowers thick in the air around them.
Sat in a corner he went over it all again and again in his mind, desperately clinging to the only sure thing in his head right now. The soft voice of his grandmother as she’d bid him goodbye.
“Hey, hey, where are you off to so quickly? You’re going to miss saying goodbye.” Tear filled blue eyes met his, dark blond lashes clumped together over flushed cheeks as Artur snapped back at him.
Tony didn’t try to come up with a reply for that. The conversation swept briskly along regardless, thanks to Stanislov’s smooth handling. Tony took a seat at the admiral’s urging and the others followed suit, reclaiming their own. Stanislov on his left, Hoch to his right and the admiral straight ahead. With Sub-Lieutenant Amsel guarding the door it struck Tony’s notice that he was effectively caged.
“We’ve an engineering lesson this afternoon.”
He’d always missed his family while away. This time was different. He’d opened up his trunks to unpack only to find that someone had stuffed a raggedy old stuffed bear on top of his things. He’d picked it up, recognizing it as Maria’s and suddenly it and the thought of how little time there was left had made their absence unbearable. Bucky seemed to be feeling it as well, if his dark mood as the days ticked past was anything to go by.
“Happy Chanukah Tony!” James exclaimed, back with another jelly doughnut, and Tony laughed.
Warmth spread from his chest and sank down into his belly at Tony's admission and Steve's mouth spread into a slow smile.
Even as he spat the words Steve’s eyes narrowed on the mostly completed structure peeking out over Tony’s shoulder. In another moment, Steve might have been impressed at its size and polish but as it was, he wanted to take a hammer to the whole thing and smash it to pieces. There. There was the reason Tony hadn’t noticed Natacha was acting strange. The damn boat and everything it signified was the reason Tony was too preoccupied to check in on Cameron and his brother and discover the truth.
“I don’t- Tony stop it.” If Stefen had meant for the please that punched its way out of his throat to sound like a command, he missed the mark by a mile.
The rebels who resisted the rule of the Reich were moving around somehow and though security had tightened there were too many foreign ships that came in and out of port to spend time searching them all.
That could be cured no doubt about it by an introduction a fine lady, any fine lady, and several glasses of the houses finest. He’d been sure of it, but the urge to talk to any one of the numerous beautiful things crowding Stefen’s home that night had faded with every drink. These painted birds would kiss you with their lips and then gouge you with their talons if given half the chance. Too risky, just to lose himself in a warm body. Alcohol was straightforward, uncomplicated. Bottoms up. Bucky was damn determined to not feel another thing that night.
In times like these, compliance was everything and as it had been true from the beginning of time, a strategic match offered a woman protection and resources she couldn’t find anywhere else. As the wife of Major Stefen Rogers she would continue to be respected, her voice a leading one within the League of German Women. She held no illusions that she could do much of anything at all about the Nazis, but could continue to do her part to make schools better, working conditions improved, and support those politicians whom she was sure would eventually overcome the Nazi Party once people realized how truly mad Adolf Hitler was.
. Nonno had said the first Christmas Tony’s mother had taken him to see them. Nonno had asked Tony if he’d wanted to help light the candle. Mama had worried about it getting back to his father.
“Father,” a small voice called out form one of the sleeping rolls, but over the crackling of the fire it was hard for Tony to distinguish which one. Stefen looked up and Ian squirmed in his sleeping bag until he was laying on his stomach, elbows propped up upon the ground. “Would you read to us?”
Steve didn’t expect Tony to shy away from his hand, but still a breath of relief left him as he slid his hand onto Tony's shoulder and the monk allowed it. Even though Steve was towering over him, practically bracketing Tony between himself and the piano with his thighs, he felt wildly like he was the one being pulled in as he leaned toward Tony. He slid a hand up, brushing over the smooth column of Tony's neck until he was cupping Tony's jaw. He was meant to be saying something, wasn’t he?
In his defense, the captain made for a beautiful sight, all quick powerful movements and grace. He was smiling in such pure unfettered enjoyment, feeling every moment, every raw grunt and breath. Tony had never seen anything so alive as Stefen was alive while sparring with his best friend.
Wasted energy, but Tony wouldn't begrudge his paranoia.
Antonia bit down on her lip fretfully, twisting her hands together as she contemplated the awful truth of it. It was a moment more before she heaved a small sigh and went on. “Grig says there is a man named Luzzatto within the delegation who works to smuggle Jews into France. He was able to get you all on the list. You will make your way to Genoa with all of those headed to Shanghai and then branch off with those going to France. Luzzatto will lead you all to the city of Nice. After that you will be on your own.”
As Tony continued to vomit words he had the uncomfortable feeling the captain was taking him apart and inspecting his insides with his eyes. It left him feeling far too exposed. Tony had had enough of that for one day.
Steve’s heart pounded heavy in his chest like the traitor it was. He swallowed with difficulty and asked again, desperately, "Why are you still here, Stark?"
Scott, hopping down from the truck bed shook his head, staring at the bodies of the two men lying beside the car and glancing at Bucky with a kind of wary awe.
“I had to give her a good enough reason to stay, didn’t I?” Charlotte replied, gazing out the window but eyes not really focusing on anything present. “She doesn’t approve, you know.”
“I’m sorry, Stefen.”
"From what I know about what they're doing at Dachau, it's a bigger risk to leave Leshnerr and Richter in the hands of the Nazis." Tony returned. His gaze sharpened on Nik when the abbot showed no surprise a or curiosity about his remark. He didn't so much as try to pull information out of Tony, and with Farkas that meant either he was playing some game to get Tony to volunteer it, or he already knew. Tony hedged his bets on the latter.
When their arms were full they’d loaded the trunk, and sent the driver back to the hotel with the idea of wandering to find lunch. Lunch found them in the form of a kart in the park that was selling smoked sausage and sauerkraut. They’d sat beneath the trees and chatted, Tony handing Stefen large chunks of his food, while observing all the young mothers with their prams and young people from the university with books under their arms; all of them enjoying the crisp fall air and the last echoes of summer warmth.
“Tony! Help!’ James cried once more in a tone that told Tony he was more indignant than distressed.
Bobby Drake snickered at this, but Harry bristled, his eyes narrowing as he opened his mouth to press the issue. Tony decided to intervene, making his presence known with a couple of loud footsteps before he entered the room and brightly greeted its occupants. Péter invited him to sit and eat, a grateful smile in his eyes.
Bucky headed purposefully toward the door, not waiting to confirm that Steve had his back and Steve’s shoulders sagged in relief, the first genuine smile of the day tugging at his mouth.
Bruce gave a small nod, as if he’d known all along and Tony hadn’t just admitted something to boggle the mind of any sane man. The little smile that curled around his mouth looked somehow both satisfied and sad as his eyes came up once more and met Tony’s with knowing.
“Yes, next time choose some wiser materials than sticks if you’re going to be building frog houses,” Tony drawled. “But listen, come here
Tony could hang the man with a phone call. For a dark moment he wondered if he shouldn’t worry about the gun he knew Stefen carried. His mouth twisted in a bitter smile. Wouldn’t that just be ironic? Losing his life to a jumpy rebel too morally upright to just tell his children too quiet down now and go to sleep.
The toddler was enjoying another game of keep away, creeping close only to rush out of arms reach before Natacha could actually get a firm grip on her. Until finally, done with the game, Tacha snatched her up and marched her back toward the bank so that the shrieks could begin anew. Grinning, Tony turned back to Ian.
"I can’t. It’s not that I don’t want to it’s -" Natacha began, her brow furrowing in what would have been a glower if she weren't trying so obviously to remain polite. And that was the kick of it all really. Natacha was trying very hard to be a woman, and bluntness was not in fashion, was it?
Because sick as it made him feel, Steve knew how much he meant it.
” Tony stopped in his tracks. If she was still capable of trusting anything, he wanted her to trust this, because he knew deep down that it was true. Faced with a choice no one should have to make he’d chosen her.
Her hands trembled as she entered the parlor, her gaze moving to the telephone on the side table near the sitting chair Stefen liked to occupy.
“As sure as I can be.” Tony answered truthfully, and pushed the needle in.
The cold chill that had entered the room when Coulson had warned them about their broadcasts being intercepted creeped over Tony’s skin like a hand. As his gaze was pulled toward Stefen and then Bucky who was clenching the edge of his seat in a white knuckled grip, that cold hand squeezed around his heart.
“I wouldn’t either.” Tony grumbled and the captain’s stern mask completely cracked as he laughed.
Charlotte folded the letter and placed it within a cream envelope just as her maid Milthede returned with Stefen in tow. His steps were hurried as he entered the room, ignoring her stalwart companion’s disapproving stare as he swept past her. Charlotte smiled to herself, glad for the older woman’s continued loyalty. It wasn’t much, all things considered, but she’d always have that.
Tony really must have a look at these stories.
“You never told him you meant this exact month! That makes it a trick,” the boy insisted and Tony grit is teeth in irritation.
“No. The boy saved his life. The dragon wouldn’t hurt him.” Ian insisted, glancing uncertainly back at his father. “Right?”
Wind pressed against the sides of the wooden box as the truck hustled down the road. Steve bounced again, grunting in pain as his ribs jostled against the side of the crate, he was stuffed in. His lower body was covered with a deep layer of hay and fertilizer. The stench of it was thick all around him, clawing up his throat.
“Magda, if you’ve put the family in danger…” the man warned. A relative of hers from the sound of it. Good, Steve thought. He had slightly better odds with an untrained fighter.
“Wait, where are you going?” Grig called after him, jogging to keep pace. “Now isn’t really the time to be wandering about on your own.”
like this had been cooked up by men of the past. Men who measured success by the erasure of visible symptoms – but science had progressed, men had seen deeper inside the body and understood more of it than they ever had before. Tony had witnessed first-hand what arsenical compounds could do. They were lethal, always, make no mistake. Got a fever? A few drops a day would kill anything else you had, and then it would kill you. Just give it time.
"Why didn't you offer to take the children yourself? It's just you seem very good with them."
He got sick easily, he knew that much, but something about it still struck him as wrong - the sense of discomfort with the notion throbbing in the back of his skull like a headache. But his head hurt too much to think properly as it was, and Steve curled tighter into a ball, whimpering miserably.
What was Tony supposed to do? What did he do with his hands? Tony panicked.
I’m tired Tony.
“Father would want us to have cake if he were here,” he agreed confidently, assertive in all things to do with sweets and yummy things to eat, and Tony smiled, his heart aching as he murmured agreement. “Yes. Yes, he would.”
He turned back to the little girl and, on a whim asked, “comment ca va?” Testing out the theory of her French blood.
“Get to bed,” he ordered them quietly but sternly and there was a small chorus of ‘yes father’ as the children hurried to obey. Péter paused to take Sara, fussing with his wriggling sister who slapped her hands against Péter’s wet hair in protest to the end of all their fun.
With you I will go
“Frau Boehringer’s here. And a runner with news.” The private whispered to Zimmerman who nodded and relayed the message to Steve.
Steve sat down, effectively commanding the attention of the table, seemingly oblivious to the tension as he poured himself a glass of water.
"Just leave it alone Tacha." He grumbled as he mounted his bicycle. "Come on, if we're late for supper again Frau Hogan will skin us."
She nodded eagerly and scampered off towards the excitement and Tony watched her fondly for a moment before he turned his attention back to the boys.
Steve had never been able to figure out why Phillips had changed his mind. The General had listened to his impassioned plea that day in the tent - about wanting to serve his country even though he'd never really been allowed to feel a part of it, and about needing to help others -  and he hadn't sent Steve home.
"Of course." Anamarie demurred with a pleasant smile as he waved them on their way.
“I’ve told you a million times! Just because you can’t see somebody doesn’t mean they aren’t there!” Natacha’s voice floated up from the stairs causing Ian to jump and Péter snickered.
“No worse than I am now.” Stanislov lifted his glass toward Tony in mock toast. “We’ve doubled our production flow.”
Steve buried his head in his arms again, coughing into the crook of his elbow.
Father mustered up a smile for them to match the warm and tender quality of his tone. He didn’t sound at all like himself anymore. More like he was before mother died, back when he was just Da.
As more and more of Salzburg's jews found their businesses and properties seized by the officials they were forced to relocate to the only place in the city where they were still allowed to live and do business amongst themselves so long as they kept to themselves and didn't cause trouble.
Stark was part of that now. No. Stark was the start: the wave of reverb that had sent them spinning back into place.
A chorus of ‘yes fathers’ rose up in reply and Maria’s lip quivered as she grasped little Sara’s hand, the toddler abandoning parade rest in favor of clutching the hem of her dress tightly in her tiny palms as her face crumbled. Artur had the same miserable pout on his face he’d worn at dinner. Péter looked as if he might say something but couldn’t figure out where to start. While Natacha and Ian just looked resigned, James was harder to read. Tony doubted the stony expression he was aiming at the ground meant anything good.
“Real puppets?” James inquired dubiously, “wooden ones on strings like at the theater?”
She sat in the chair across from his desk without saying a word and waited.
Dear God, let me find him before he gets hurt, or slips and falls off the side of the mountain, or meets up with a hungry bear.
The way forward was clear. He had to marry Charlotte and give them her protection when their father died a traitor and all of his assets were seized. Her family was loyal to the Reich, or at least kept up that appearance better than he did. He doubted they would, but even if the Reich did go so far as to try and seize her assets too, the house in Switzerland would be untouchable and there was money there tucked away in case of emergency. Charlotte was clever and cunning and knew how to survive in a world that wasn’t kind. She was a good friend, and the children were her kin even without the marriage. He trusted her to see they stayed safe when he could no longer be there.
“The nature of my business there is delicate and much as I’d like to, I don't know how long I'll be. It's... It's important that I know of everything about the children.”
“Da?”
. This would be over soon.
Steve smirked as Tony took the hammer from the operator and swung, cocky grin faltering when the meter faltered well under the bell.
“Vienna, Graz, Berlin, everywhere! Does it matter at this point? I thought if I could keep Salzburg- but I have orders….” He trailed off, muttering furiously under his breath and making less and less sense, before his head snapped up once more, hope burning in his eyes as he begged. “You could speak to them. People listen-”
“It was their
"How can you even look at me as you say that, as if you had no fear at all? It's pathetic." She shrugged his hand loose, her mouth twisting up hatefully around the words; because that was the truth of it. No matter how deeply he'd hurt her she'd never bring herself to betray him the way he deserved. It was all very pathetic.
“Then there will be war. I’m not afraid of it. Are you? Péter you’ve always had more courage than anyone else I know. We’re not boys anymore. Are you really going to let your father make a coward out of you?”
Steve’s eyes burned with unshed tears, a horrible itching sensation trickling down his throat like acid.
They undressed each other with purpose despite the shaking of hands and fumbling of fingers that suddenly seemed unprepared for the task set before them. Both of them needed the contact of skin, the hunger for it pushing them forward. Each touch was like taking a breath, somehow making it easier to take the next until they were finally bare.
Stefen hummed at that, eyes sliding along the barrel of the rifle lazily. He reached into the basket, his movements lazy almost sluggish and pulled out an apple. It’d been almost two weeks since Tony had seen Stefan eat without prompting. That routine he had of pushing around food on his plate and taking sparse bites at mealtimes didn’t count. Tony was three days away from force feeding the man just to see him eat a whole meal for once. He’d done better in Vienna but he’d had something to prove then. Well… that wasn’t a bad idea.
“The woman in the flat next door saw us.” Boehringer’s daughter revealed quietly, lifting sharp blue eyes to meet Steve’s as he tucked the paper away. They were fearful but not unsteady.
Strangely, Stefen’s face just got softer in the face of Tony’s fear, his thumb rubbing a soothing caress over the rabbit like pulse in Tony’s wrist.
“How so?” he enquired, curious and she leaned toward him, whispering almost conspiratorially. “Everyone is built a certain way. You Tony, are a builder. You can love broken things because nothing is truly broken to you. It’s just waiting to be improved or remade. That’s why you feel bad when you can’t make things better.” She said, as if she weren’t completely stripping him with her words. She was a marvel, this confident child with the wisdom of someone twice her age and the weary gaze to match.
Much to Charlotte’s surprise Herr Stark did not immediately answer. He considered her silently for a moment, his gaze going to the captain who had turned his attention from the children to Stark, and it seemed to Charlotte that they shared an entire conversation in that glance alone.
That was alright. Ian didn’t blame Tony for having a lot on his mind or better things to do than deal with a bunch of irritable children. They should all be doing their part to help with father gone, and make him proud that he could leave them on their own without them all falling to pieces.
“Stefen and I intended this to be a small gathering for the neighbors and Péter’s closest friends, not another parade for the Nazis!”
Tony relented with a nod. They weren’t exactly in a position to be turning away help.
“Mon Ami!” Artur shouted, reaching desperately toward the water’s edge as Tony hauled him back to the shoreline. “Mon Ami!”
“I think Tony’s happy enough with the way things are.” Steve bit out, the lie tasting sour on his tongue. “And I have seven children. Not a dozen.”
But as if she’d sensed the direction of his thoughts the woman stopped just a few paces out of snatching range, eyeing Steve like one would a snake they encountered in the wild.
“Stefen? Are you alright, what's wrong, can you breathe?” Tony asked in a tumble of words that Steve’s sluggish brain hardly understood. Before Steve could stop him, Tony had pushed himself up off the bed and left him.
Judging by the tenseness of Bucky’s jaw he wasn’t the only one who was uncomfortable with breaking the habit.
Though he’d been expecting the call from Oxford that wasn’t the reason Steve’s heart quickened in his chest. His head was already turning towards the elevators. New since the renovation, electric, some lazy part of his brain remembered. Tony had probably been thrilled by it.
“Jesus Stevie” he muttered under his breath.
He winked cheekily in Tony’s direction and Tony found himself laughing, relieved that for the moment Natacha seemed to accept this answer as part of Clinton’s overall strangeness. He’d never been happier that Clinton was such a queer little imp. Given that Natacha had discovered them and seemed content to watch their every move the boy was invited inside and forced to play out the charade of paying Tony a visit, right on time for afternoon coffee.
“Considering that Norway has refused to support either side and both are preparing fleets to defend it, I’d call it more of an attack in the name of. Wouldn’t you?” Tony scoffed, and Stefen,
“Perhaps after dinner.” Steve sighed. He needed to speak to Tony. Now.
What? He shot up in his chair, instantly regretting the sharp movement. What the hell?
It was silent again for a moment, while the three of them thought on it. On the risks and what it would all mean if they succeeded and if they failed.
But then again, Stefen thought with a wry smile, it had been a long time since he'd let anyone get away with calling him 'Cap', so he might very well be the pot in this situation.
He pointed to the place where a long rectangular frame was being erected, cement poured for a floor. A group of men nearby were laying bricks, not far from a large cement mixer that was slowly churning as dirt and sediment was shoveled into its mouth by a team of weary men with shovels.  Others were clearing the ground nearby - tilling up the soil and breaking up the rock underneath with rakes and pick axes to make way for another part of the structure.  His eyes landed on a skinny young man as his axe rose and fell, up and down, each tired swing looking wearier than the last - and still the young man persisted at the urging of the Krippo.
“Our faces will have been printed in every newspaper from here to Germany, Péter. Which means there is a good chance that whoever goes will be recognized, even in a place as remote as this. If that happens, no matter what, we can’t lead the people back here. It has to be me who goes.”
He’d do a desperate count (one, three, …) and before he could finish he’d realize he couldn’t hear Tacha quietly murmuring to the youngest children anymore and the adrenaline would spike, panic creeping in until he found them (four, five, six). It played like a record track, going around and around again.
None of the children looked at him, instead they stared straight ahead, chests out, arms rim rod straight at their sides. The Captain slowly walked down the line of his children inspecting his recruits with a quick eye. They seemed to know on some ethereal plane what he wanted. A quick adjustment to the collar of a shirt and fixed fly away hairs were all communicated with a look. It might have been something to wonder at if it didn't give Tony the chills.
. Look at me, darlin." The rough pads of his fingers gently urged her chin upward until her eyes met his. His gaze was so deep and serious, she felt for a moment that she might fall into it until their brown had covered her like ink.
“Tony!” Pain shot up Tony’s leg and he realized there were hands clenching his shoulder tightly, shaking him, a low voice barking urgently in his ears. Bruce. And the pain was on account of Clint kicking him hard in the shin.
"You seem to be running this show. What would you like to hear?" he asked, but before Tony could answer, a cheerful voice shouted out from the crowd.
That phrase lingered heavily in the resulting silence.
He and Stevie were gonna have words later. Long words in plain German about showing your hand.
“Send them away, Stefen! Get them out of Austria for good.”
Steve had finally said, interrupting Globocnik mid stride and all eyes had turned to him with wariness. Schmidt’s stare was particularly cold, his mouth pressed tight in a severe line as his eyes had burned into Steve’s. And though Steve had been addressing Prince Thor the words were really for Schmidt and they both knew it.
Tony wondered at that as Frau Hogan gently nudged the girl out the door and closed it behind her with a small sigh. Alone, she turned back to him with an apologetic smile. Neither it nor the prettiness of her face distracted Tony from noticing the assessing nature of her glance nor the intelligence behind her eyes. She was observing him closely and Tony did not have to be a genius to figure that if there were something ‘rotten in the state of Denmark’ then she as the keeper of its keys was probably privy to it. Perhaps a little flirtation was still in order? Tony was supposed to be a spy now after all.
“I asked if you wanted to order breakfast. Are you alright?”
“Is that what we’re all doing?” Tony asked, just barely keeping the derision out of his tone. Charlotte had not shown it yet, but she had to be smarting from that altercation over the flag. He understood why Stefen had lost his temper and had tried to warn the woman before it ever came to that, but she hadn’t listened. He found it difficult to be sorry for her, and if she was implying that Stefen was some kind of brute who made a regular habit of flying off the handle however and whenever he pleased, he wasn’t going to stand for it.
He looked at Péter when he said it, and for a long moment. The young man just stared back, but to Tony’s immeasurable relief after a long moment he slowly began to nod in agreement, squaring his shoulders with resolution.
At that very moment, with a clack of heels against the polished floor, a tall woman with a businesslike air came bustling into the hall from the direction that Captain Rogers had disappeared in. Her hair was not as red as Natacha’s but she was far more freckled, the becoming spots dotting her pretty nose like pepper in a way that Tony was sure her beaus had adored. It was a shame that she was already married. A dalliance here or there might have made his stay here less stressful on his nerves.
Steve forced his jaw to unclench.
"I don’t think it matters very much what either of us want Tony." Primly she smoothed the wrinkles out of her skirt and headed for the door, lingering only a moment once she reached it to turn back to him, a familiar sly glint entering her eye.
James turned toward the loft, where the voices of his siblings drifted down from above already back at work varnishing the deck of the sled. Péter had figured out a way to make a varnish from their pine sap. It smelled awful to James, but that was only because Tony made him drinks smelly tea every morning and take a spoonful of syrup before he would let him do anything fun.
“Doesn’t it?” he asked with a quiet sigh and Stefen blinked at him in surprise, his mouth twitching upwards. They both understood. From the looks of the world blood was about the only thing that had ever mattered.
Opening his eyes Tony began preparing a small plate of cakes, dipping the end of each daintily into the coffee within his cup as he went on, because in for a penny and all that.
Steve’s eyes flew to Tony, who stared back, clearly as taken off guard as he was.
A soft entreaty, spoken as his shaking fingers dipped and trailed over the buttons of Tony’s shirt. Tony nodded wordlessly and Stefen’s smile returned, his gaze slipping to the buttons as his fingers began to work them. He got the first one undone well enough, but whether it was his body’s weariness or the muscle dexterity he was still fighting to get back, he fumbled with the next two until Tony reached up and lightly pushed his hands aside and made quick work of the rest.
“Did you look in on them?” Steve asked, concerned. Cameron and Daniel had been through a lot over the past few days. They didn’t need to be ill on top of things.
“Alright.” Stefen relented with an easy shrug.
*~*~*
“We need to talk.”
Tony noticed with horror tightening his stomach, that some of them bore the unmistakable signs of torture. Bruises, poorly healed gashes and the like. Scars built upon scars.
"It can’t have
“Mostly paperwork I confess.” He replied as Khalmmer rose to refill his glass. “I’ll have another one, while you’re up.”
Scarlet Fever the doctor said. Too far gone for a tonic. Nothing to do but hope.
Ha. Tony laughed into his wine, receiving a sharp look from the captain.
And as kind hearted as ever, Tony thought with a wistful pang, and as Péter launched into a story about a toy he’d made for Artur, only to give it away.
All sets of eyes were on Steve again. Well all sets but Péter and Ian who were doing wonderful impressions of being deaf. Steve was wearing his stone face again.
He bit the back of his hand to stifle his groan and set a punishing pace as best he could in the close quarters.
What a mess, Dvorak thought with a heavy sigh as he played with the corners of Helene’s letter.
