Something burst through the window, the glass spraying onto the floor. Pierce twisted them away instinctively, pulling them down behind the bar. Tony fell to the floor, but around the corner he could see a long, imposing shadow cast across the floor. His heart beat fast in his chest. Who was it? Someone here to save them, or a competitor here to steal him from Pierce for his own purposes?
He paid, then gathered up his shopping in his basket and stepped outside. Once out the door, he quickly ducked into the alley between the general store and the tailor’s and tried not to cry.
“Oh well, if you’re busy, I suppose I’ll speak to deputy Barnes.” She sounded a bit put out, probably because Steve was already starting to walk away backwards.
“First, you clearly didn't dig far enough into the internet because I just like pretty people, alpha or omega, so that's not a problem. And second, turns out bench-pressing buses turns me on, who knew?”
Bucky felt a rumble in his chest and for a moment he wasn’t sure what it was. But then it burst forward, a laugh erupting from his whole body, and he struggled to breathe as he doubled over, bracing his arms on his thighs to stop him from joining Steve on the floor.
by H.G. Wells. I picked it on a whim, but seeing as it turns out you like the sciences, maybe it was fate.”
“I’m not being rude! People travel there to settle it. That means there’s nothing there!” She crossed her arms, looking worried. “How do you know he’s telling the truth? He says he’s young and respectable, but he could be some drunken gambler, out fixing to trick some city omega into becoming his soiled dove.”
“I’m not sure I could do that,” Steve admitted. “What I do, it’s important. I’m not sure I could just give it up, just so I could do something I like better.”
“Pregnant. Your belly is firming up, there’s some protrusion, and you’re late for your heat. All signs point to pup. You didn’t notice the changes?”
The security guard gave them a lazy salute and wandered off, leaving him and Pepper rather shell shocked. “We might just pull this off.”
He entered, and felt a wave of affection at the sight of a grumpy frown on Mr Roger’s face as he lay piled under far too many blankets in the middle of the bed. “How is the patient?”
The alpha held up a hand. “No need to apologise.” He was looking amused, for all he tried to hide it. “I think you did mean it, and I’m sorry if you’ve not been getting much sleep. Let's see what we can do to fix it.”
“I’m all for charity, but some of these are ridiculous,” the older alpha who’d started talking to him said. “University scholarships for omegas? What’s the point? They learn everything they need to know at finishing school.”
“About that,” Sam said, coming over from where he was icing some fresh pastries. He slid into the chair next to Rhodey. “You could stay with us.”
When Steve had begun a simple tune, Mr Stark had tapped his long fingers along the keys with him, accompanying him perfectly, Peter in the middle humming along. It had been...rather enchanting.
to himself as he scrolled through the stats JARVIS had helpfully pulled up on the nearest screen. Tony hummed to himself, tapping at diagram after diagram. “Mhm, pHCa 5.5… of course, yeah, so we just… keep it at that. Looks good. Does it look good, J?”
Tony hid his face in Steve’s chest, torn between embarrassment and laughter, listening to Steve’s heart race at the burst of adrenaline. It also meant he heard the rumble of a growl when Bucky didn’t
Tony grit his teeth. “You do, and I promise you won’t walk out of here alive.” One of his staff must’ve called the police by now. Pierce would be mincemeat.
Steve’s smile went soft. “Then you don’t have to be. Not anymore. I love you, and I think right now I don’t want to let you out of my sight.”
When they’d showed up today, playtime had been cut short by someone’s untrained poodle causing a ruckus. He wasn’t sure if Steve had picked up on it, but the dog being so snappy with the others had made Tony’s anxiety ramp up as they’d gotten closer and closer to Peter and Dodger.In the end, Steve had suggested they head off, and let Peter wear out his energy on the kids’ playground instead.
Tony frowned. It was the standard phrase for non-magic folk all over as far as he knew. “Commoner? It’s just--”
Steve looked up to seem Tony looking concerned and nodded. “Just not used to hearing that from gals I guess.”
“Oh,” Steve managed in a soft voice, and his hand drifted to rest on Tony’s own, his thumb brushing over the skin. It seemed to take him a moment to process, but once he did, a soft grin spread over his face.
“It seems to be Terran in nature, potentially the result of some sort of experiment. We don’t know if the intent was to create something that would cause widespread damage or if that’s an unfortunate side effect. Our intelligence division is currently investigating that, so that’s not our concern right now. What we need to do is stop it.”
As he lay there, he couldn’t help but wish Steve was here. Not in danger, of course: he’d never wish that. But the warmth of Pepper’s thigh against his sore cheek reminded him of lazy Sundays in his bed, Steve holding him and running his hand through his hair as he checked the news. Then they’d make their way to the kitchen, unable to keep their hands to themselves as they made brunch, curling up on the couch together while Tony tinkered and Steve sketched.
“Well, I mean who wants to drop so much cash for an animal that’ll only end up using it for a few years? Seems like a waste of time.”
“And yet you think going to Coney Island, where you’d be shook around like ice cubes in a cocktail shaker on every ride, will
Stíofán realised they hadn’t even kissed and decided to remedy that. He leaned in, giving Antonius time to recognise what was happening, and pressed his lips to the doe’s.
“Thanks,” Steve grinned, and then he headed off towards the conference rooms. Tony watched him go, eyes caught on his more...prominent assets until he turned the corner.
“Huh? Oh.” His hand came up to brush gingerly against the bruise. “Yeah don’t worry. I’ve had worse.”
It was tough without a broom, adding to his travel time for each job, but he made it work. He was exhausted, but it felt good, like he was achieving something. He fell into bed each day after dinner was shoved into him by Sam, who seemed more and more concerned each day, but Tony couldn’t stop. Not now he had momentum, and he was showing off his skills.
He was so caught up in the pleasure that he didn’t notice for a moment what had happened. Antonius abruptly stopped bouncing, body stiffening. His eyes unfocused, and when Stíofán thrust up, still caught in their pattern, Antonius tipped sideways, falling off Stíofán’s dick and onto the floor.
“You can-- I’m ready--,” the doe whined, as Stíofán pressed the heel of his hand firmly against the front of the shift. “Yes,
“It may as well be,” Tony muttered. Then they both turned as they heard the bell above the bakery door. “I got it.”
“Got it.” Rhodey headed back behind the counter to grab his phone. “Darcy, keep an eye on the guy, but keep a safe distance.”
Stíofán held out his arms, taking him from the other buck. “I’ll take him home, let him lie down.” He looked over to Bucky and the other satyrs helping to attach the last of the main frame of the roundhouse. They were getting close to finishing now, just the thatch to be done. Bucky waved him off and Stíofán nodded his thanks.
“You know that’s-- I have to go,” Tony hung up abruptly as he spotted something vile across the road.
Steve swallowed, feeling a tendril of despair. “I’m not in much of a position to be romancing anyone if I’m honest.”
He still felt a nag of doubt tugging in his stomach, but he was pretty sure it was nerves more than true uncertainty. This time tomorrow he’d have completed the first leg of the trip and be all the closer to meeting his alpha.
“I hope you don’t think me too eager, but I thought we should head straight to the town hall – make this official?” He gave Tony a self-deprecating smile. “If my being late and featherbrained hasn’t put you off the entire marriage.”
He had to leave. He could feel the emotion starting to break through his mask, and he needed to leave before he lost control.
Warning notes: Bad guys try to make Steve physically discipline Tony, Steve instead harms himself to fool them and protect Tony
“Everything’s just fine,” Steve reassured them. “I just need you to have some of the fine pie my omega baked.”
Before he got too far down the hall, his enhanced hearing caught the rustle of pages and a thoughtful hum.
Steve folded his arms defensively. “Have you ever dated a billionaire? Do you know how hard it is to think of thoughtful, personal gifts for the guy who has everything and can have his AI buy anything else with a snap of his fingers?” Steve was pretty sure he was starting to sound hysterical, but he opted to ignore it.
“You didn’t.” Carol said, with a grin. “We were just finishing up.” She grabbed her hat from the desk and gave Tony a kiss on the cheek on the way past. “See you tomorrow for target practice.”
Because Sam was cheering as Tony made the final shot, clipping a can in the air that had clearly just been thrown. It was a beautiful shot.
But, Stíofán could wait. One day he’d be home and have a plot of land to raise a family on, and a fine bride who’d give him kids of his own who would never know the debauchery and cruelty of this lot.
“As am I,” Antonius told him. “You think they could send citizens to become whores? My family sold me to the Stables. I understand we are married only in spirit.”
There were instructions on dusting, but he opted to leave that chore till later, beginning instead to wash and dry all the crockery. When that was done he looked up to see the sun low in the sky and decided he’d better start on dinner.
“Because last time you did that we were gone for the whole afternoon and Rhodey nearly tanned my hide.”
Tony winced. “Yes, I know. I know our first night was a disappointment to you, but I really think now I can do better.”
Steve had always known he liked men the same as he’d liked the ladies. Ever since he was that little guy in Brooklyn. He’d accepted it pretty early on. It was illegal, so he wouldn’t act on it, and luckily he liked gals too so no problem. Then, of course, it had turned out to be a moot point since no one, of either sex, was lining up to dance with him. And although Father O’Malley had been sure to point out that being that way was a sin, he also said that people should be happy with the way God made them. So Steve had decided to just not worry about it.
“Half-Vulcan, and even if you weren’t, you suffer trauma the same as the rest of us,” Tony growled. “If you’re still struggling with the six months you were missing and frozen, you need help dealing with it.”
The Colonel waved him over. “Come see. That damn flying ship they got down at port is losing its mind.”
Mr Wilson gave him an answering grin. “So I heard. He tells me you’re a natural, though I didn’t know if that were the truth or just the ramblings of a lovesick alpha.”
He wandered the streets, eyes trying to take everything in. He was so distracted, he knocked shoulders with someone. “Oh, I’m sorry, I--”
Steve looked at Tony, and Tony for a moment felt a prick of shame. He had been improper, even if the situation warranted it. “You took it off out here?”
“I’ll be talking to Bucky about how he lets you know about bad news,” Steve rumbled. “It wasn’t nearly as bad as all that.”
and causes problems.” He finished ladling the stew into bowls and brought them over, taking a seat across from Tony. “Eat up. I’m sure you’re hungry.”
“I see you didn’t get the memo,” he called, getting both men’s attention. “SI hasn’t made weapons since my father was in charge, and there’s no way in hell I'm helping you.”
“Because Sheriff, and this may shock you, sometimes an omega doesn’t want their alpha solving every little problem as though they can’t themselves. He’s a letch, and I was dealing with it, but now he knows that if his wandering hands get anywhere near me and mine, he’d better be expecting a fight.”
Breaking up bar fights got less fun the older he got, and really, with Hodge and his crew heading to a different saloon every day, they always had a new group to antagonise. Hodge always kept himself out of the worst of it, more’s the pity, since Steve was hankering to see him behind bars.
And beside him in a chair was Tony, his fingers wrapped tightly around Peter’s little hand, and his head bowed forward, his cheek resting on the sheets, head tipped to watch the pup.
“You dumb, self-sacrificing idiot!” Tony’s arms were flailing madly. “I don’t want to go without you, don’t you get it? I want us to stay together and I want you to meet your kid, not just be a story I tell him.”
He was distracted, looking longingly out the window, and Steve gave him a nudge. “That food will do its job better in your belly.”
“Some of the locals got a little too raucous. Steve stepped in, but they didn’t take too kindly to it since he’s had run-ins with Hodge and his crew before, so someone got a little too excited and decided to make a point. Sam took the guy to the office and locked him up. He’ll face the judge: don't you worry.”
“That was your worst fear, something happening to Peter. And you kept him safe. That’s brave.” He cleared his throat. “And now I feel kind of dumb for thinking you were worrying a bit too much.”
“I can’t, I don’t want--” He looked over at Steve, seeming to take him in properly for the first time. “Look at you. You’re a mess.”
She felt the relief settle in her chest and she smiled back. Then she felt J.J’s pinch of her arm and it froze on her face.
He knocked his shoulder on the doorframe in his rush to try and make it to the car, hoping to get a second chance at maybe striking up a conversation and getting his number, but the car pulled away before he reached it and he sighed. He was never going to get to sleep with sexy Picasso at this rate.
“Ooooooh,” he groaned, rubbing his horns against Tony’s. “That’s nice.” He started shifting his hips, seeking more. He looked down at Tony, who was focusing on nibbling his jaw.
He knew they’d follow, and he felt a thrill of satisfaction as he heard the heavy footsteps behind him. He felt a hand tug at his robe for a moment before he put on the speed and got clear of them. He ran for a couple of blocks staying ahead, before he darted down a side street, straddling his broom and launching himself up and over the rooftops out of sight. He flew back towards the alley, landing near the entrance before spotting Rogers at the other end. He jogged after him, broom over his shoulder till he could step in front of him.
The doe nodded, bouncing up and down, letting out little moans as he did. It was beautiful to watch, but Stíofán wanted more.
But then he noticed the tremor in Tony’s body, the stress behind his relieved expression, and he realised he had a more important job to do than making himself feel better.
No. Those thoughts were dangerous. Steve was his best friend here, and he couldn’t ruin it by pushing for more. Things were good, and he should be happy with what he had. No need for anything to change.
He turned and caught sight of a fruit stall, where a woman looked shocked and a large man with long blond hair and muscles for days was standing with pumpkin pulp all over his shoes.
The excited little critter kept his attention as he stumbled around in the basket. He couldn’t take his eyes off the little paws.
His heart was beating like a rabbit’s, nervous in a way he hadn’t been since the first time he’d presented to the board when he’d taken over the company at twenty-one. He checked his watch, counting down the minutes, until he took his sunglasses out and slipped them on, relishing the feeling of protection they gave. He looked to Pepper, who nodded, and then he stood up, wandering over to their guard.
If he had to buy one more soulmate gift this year he was going to scream. He might as well get a subscription to soup tureen monthly.
“How does someone so small cause so much trouble?” Tony lamented, taking in the scrape on Steve’s chin and the far more pressing arm in a sling. “What am I going to do with you?”
He followed quickly, buffeted by the wind. The new broom was good, but the winds were strong, trying to shove him off course. He pushed forward, trying to get to Steve, one gust ending him into a spin. He pulled out of it, hearing Steve’s concerned calls.
“I know,” Tony agreed. He turned back to Laura and Clint who were standing on the porch. “Thanks for the tea. I’ll make a note of the date, and I can strengthen the spell again in a few months.”
Tony huffed. “Yeah, I guessed that after the first couple of years or so. It was touch and go for a while since he insisted on eating out of a bowl on the floor for a few weeks after we watched
The alpha stood angrily, and for a moment it seemed he would fight it, but then he simply gestured to his men, and they filed out, leaving the bar quiet.
Tony feigned disappointment. “I’m sorry, it seems you missed the memo. Stark Industries doesn’t do weapons, and we don’t do IOUs. So you’ve stormed our Christmas party for nothing.”
Pierce’s expression twitched, the anger peeking through. “You seem to think this is a negotiation. It isn’t. I want the weapons I know you have hidden here.” He walked up to stand toe-to-toe with Tony. “And most of all I want the power source. I want the arc reactor.”
Tony shrugged. “I have a mechanical broom at home. Flies like a dream. My parents didn’t trust it though. They think it’s too ‘modern’. So I had to use mom’s one instead.”
When he’d been at war, he thought he would’ve been happy to finally be back in New York, but well, he’d obviously expected his homecoming to be very different.
“I should wait, right? He’ll come back, and we can laugh over what turned out to be a regular, non-deadly day. Yes, that’s the right choice. Definitely. Unless- unless he’s at the doctor’s, being stitched back together or worse. What do bullets even do to a person?? Think, come on, what would Jarvis say?”
His distraction made his focus slip, and the tool went astray, making him knock over his now-cold coffee onto Steve’s shirt.
Stíofán drove in harder, feeling his own need nearing its peak but wanting that sweet bleat in his ears. He slipped his hand down to pull on Tony’s cock, making him shout.
He picked up the pace, shoving his hips against the furred behind. The tail flicked in his vision and he reached down, grasping it in his hand and tugging on it. Antonius yelped.
Apologies done, they stood there awkwardly until Jarvis darted out of the kitchen and up onto Steve’s lap.
That was it. He was tired of waiting around, and if he wanted something he’d better do something about it.
Tony who seemed to like him and had given him a home, even if it was just for a little while. Steve liked him, really liked him. He wanted to be around him, soaking up that humour and kindness and maybe getting to hold him close, feel that soft beard against his jaw, those soft lips against his-
Partly it was the normal feeling of missing his omega and pup and wanting to be with them. Something he felt whenever he was away, even while he enjoyed the thrill of the chase his job gave him.
Dad moved away to let Pops hug her and he lifted her off the ground like he used to when she was small. She felt suddenly younger, like a little kid and she just wanted them to stay.
He held him tight, feeling the panic in his chest recede as he buried his face in Tony’s neck and breathed in his scent. He hugged him too long, but Tony didn’t seem to mind, letting Steve calm the raging creature in his chest.
“Of course, if I get your son hurt I’ll stand still for you to kill me.” Sam gives Tony a look of understanding, both seemingly coming to a non verbal agreement. After a beat Tony nods looking satisfied, moving to Peter he helps to get him settled on a sofa. Already the group can hear the sounds of rain and thunder outside.
“We just need to wait 24 hours, the virus should have run it’s course within that time ok?” Offering a small smile, Steve places a hand on Tony’s knee, giving it a gentle squeeze.
It was still early, the sun still not risen in the sky as Steve watched out for any trouble through the window. His gaze kept straying to Tony and Peter to the right, taking up a pull out bed.
Grimacing, Steve nodded as he looked at Peter. He felt the same helplessness as Tony is, they all hated the thought of leaving Wade to suffer, but none of them could bring themselves to end it either. They all held touch hope that Wade would pull through. Bucky himself even said Wade would survive; as if any other outcome was simply out of the question. Mentally wincing, Steve again wondered if they were being selfish for waiting this out, for allowing the virus to run its course.
“They must be leaving the cities, searching for more food. Would make sense if the dead aren’t finding anything in the cities anymore.” Groaning, Bucky rubs his forehead as he thinks about that.
Sighing Steve rubbed at his own growing beard, “I actually wanted to head back on ourselves a bit. That lightning from last night? I thin it may be Thor.”
“That’s right,” Grinning, Steve nods at the now more happier child, he catches Tony thanking him from behind Peter‘s head.
Like now, Bucky was letting Tony decide if they moved forward or waited. Giving Tony the power, the freedom to choose. This more than anything, was what helped Tony make his decision, knowing that Bucky would keep his word as well helped. Plus, Tony really really wanted to see that body and booty!
“When is a good time Tony?” chuckling playfully to try and ease the tension, Steve shuffles closer. “I don’t think any moment will be a ‘good’ moment really.”
“Peter wait! Hang on wiggle butt before you hurt yourself,” Chuckling, Steve gets Peter out of the chair and hands him to Bucky to hold onto him, just in case it’s bad news. Smirking, Bucky effortlessly holds the squirming child and ruffles his hair affectionately, when Peter gives a small whine in protest to being held.
It’s getting hard to stay away from the main horde as well as take some out as he goes, they are to close together to make it safe. Should his knife get caught they would have him. Hs best bet is to lead the group away and come back once they are far away enough.
Oh god, Peggy, that was another whole can of worms. He had only known she was still alive about a month before the apocalypse started. They had no way to get to her nursing home to check on her, deep inside he knew there was no way she could of made it.
“Where are we going, Daddy?” Getting up off of the floor, Peter hurries to do as his father says, Bucky kneels down to help Peter put the bag on and put in a few things that were left on the bed. Wade stubbornly sorts his own stuff out, declining both Tony’s and Steve’s help.
The hand not being used to eat, was idly petting Punk’s head that rested on his lap, hoping for any scraps of food that may fall down; despite already having eaten a bowl of food already. Pulling out a chair besides Peter, Steve looks down with a soft smile and ruffles Peter’s hair, messing up further the curled locks.
They knew in this apocalyptic times, that hard choices would have to be made. Choices that most wouldn’t be able to make. They both knew that some decisions had to be made though, regardless of how much they may not want to. He loves Bucky, despite them both being Dom’s they had loved each other for years. Since they were kids in fact. It wasn’t until recent months that they had decided to try something.
“God bless you Punk…” folding the note he stuffs it into his pocket and handed the food and water to Wade. “Help me bring that upstairs, we need to secure the house before nightfall. Then we can finally eat and rest.”
“Maybe we can find a car or a van to take us some of the journey on the way out?” Checking his equipment, Bucky looks at Steve as he heads on out, taking point.
Coming down stairs slowly, now dressed in sweats and a old dressing gown Tony grabbed a quick drink of water. Joining the group he slumped in a armchair closing his eyes. Exhaustion clear on his face, making him look years older suddenly.
The rest of the morning went by quickly as they ate and got ready to leave. They managed to find two containers still in on of the buildings on site filled mostly, with them in hand they set off on the road. Keeping their senses open they plodded along.
“You off out?” Curiously, Tony watches Steve change from comfortable clothes that he wears when around the mansion now, to his armoured suit. Tony silently watches as tantalising skin is slowly revealed, eyes trailing down the expanse of Steve’s strong, broad back once the shirt is gone. A trim waist that leads down to a pert ass and muscled thighs that could crush boulders and looked like they belonged to a Greek god statue.
Tony felt his mind and body go numb as he stares at her almost unseeingly, he distantly felt Bucky pull him into an embrace, a hand curling into his hair. He could feel the barely restraint tremble in Bucky’s arms, knowing that Bucky was already planning out ways to find Steve and get him back as the newcomers spoke to Thor and Loki instead. Telling them what he had told Natasha earlier.
Coming around to where Clint stands, Steve curves his back so that outsiders can’t read his lips- who knows what skills this person or persons have.
As Bucky glanced one person to the next, he noticed the increasing tiredness everyone was showing. Even Thor and Loki looked drained and weary from the last few days, the emotional roller coasters they have all been on. Hell he didn’t know what the new comers have been facing, but he has no doubt that they had similar soul draining days and encounters.
“What I’m trying to say Tony, is that I’m sorry.” Steve looks Tony directly n the eyes, his eyes shone with sincerity.
Shoving the door open Bucky moves to the side to let Steve in, Steve regrets going in the moment he sees the room. His face going bright red, the blush even extending to his ears and Bucky bets, even down to his chest.
“Not that we can tell but the door was locked. We thought that maybe the door was blocked or locked from the other side maybe” Tony informs him quietly as the group make their way around the back.
Rolling his eyes, Tony stood up to get some more water to drink, rubbing Bucky’s arm as he passes him.
To his surprise Bucky I nodding as he looks Tony over appreciatively. When Bucky notices Tony’s gaze, the damn soldier actually fucking winks at him. Flushing even darker at that Tony clears his throat at that. Unsure how to respond to this.
Panicking now a quick glance shows that the barricade goes on for some way both ways. Hearing the dead behind him clambering over the logs and bushes, gaining ground with each precious second he spends waiting there. Steeling himself he takes a run at the spikes, planning to try and climb over it when he’s suddenly being swept off his feet.
“Fucking great…” Gripping his knives in his hand tightly he raises them up ready to fight. If he’s going down, he may as well as take as many of these things with him as possible.  Steeling himself he prepares to lash out at the nearest one.
“- as heck sweetheart,” smiling Steve stood back up and grabbed his shield that rested against a wardrobe, settling it on his back for now. “We won’t be long ok? The others are probably waiting for me down stairs already, see you guys later!”
With a yelp of fright, Tony throws his book nearly smacking Steve in the face, it’s only thanks too Steve’s super soldier reflexes that he caught it in time. Laughing as well the smug dick. Behind him Tony could hear and feel Bucky shake with laughter, the urge to stab was suddenly rising oddly enough.
Placing the pad in the centre of the table with some water and food just in case, Steve headed to the stairs to see if the others need an help. Sam was on the stairs heading down carrying his and Bucky’s pack.
However, Natasha knows that Steve would want the safety of the group put before himself, especially as they have the kids to think about.
Without much thought, Tony kept helping Bucky undress. Easing the shirt up and off before kneeling down, so that he could easily access the belt buckle. Easing it out carefully so that the buckle doesn’t hit either of them. Standing again, Tony undoes Bucky ’s trousers and pushes both the trousers and the boxers underneath down so that Bucky could kick them off. Before that though, Bucky needed his boots undone so he could get them off first. Noticing this, Tony knelt and carefully undid both boots before pulling them off with one hand while the other held onto Bucky, helping him keep his balance.
“You have no idea how happy I am to see your face for once. Steve, Bucky! He ran that way leading-“ Steve nodded cutting him off, frustration but resignation clear in his voice. “I know. We saw him disappear just as we got the car here…I’m afraid we can’t do nothing Tony”
Grinning smugly Bucky lent back after letting the Sub pull away to tug at his collar to try and get himself to cool down.
“Hello everyone, I hope Logan told you about the group we met? This is two of the members, Sam and Thor. They have come to see us and take us to their base if they are happy with our group” Colossus introduced Sam and Thor to the group had now turned to give the their full attention.
“Wade?” Pausing, Bruce looks down at the young boy. For a moment he feels bad for leaving them alone in the car. But this has to be done.
As he reaches her, she turns to look up at him, half of her left cheek is hanging in tatters, a gaping hole in her face. Her eyes sunken in as her body slowly perishes and decomposes. Her teeth are yellowed and many having fallen out of rotting gums. The old flowery dress is dirty and hanging on her frame as she gashes what’s left of her teeth at him. A frail hand trying to reach up to him.
It was only an hour after they had settled into the longe; the sun slowly starting to sink in the sky meaning it was already mid-afternoon; when the super soldiers finally came back. Specks of blood till covered them here and there but they were unharmed which was the most important part.
Shying away ducking his head down to keep his face hidden, which caused Bucky to frown at, “I…I don’t have a group any more sir.” Shocked Bucky put his hand on Wade’s shoulder comfortingly.
Charles voice is calm and soothing as he speaks, yet firm and with utter confidence; Sam is positive that Charles could speak with such conviction that Sam could take on an entire hoard with one dagger.
It was ridiculous, as a group they had decided they needed to split to gather more food as they had none left. The last of it eaten yesterday and this morning for breakfast.
Groaning, Bucky cracks his neck and rubs at the sore muscles, turning to Sam to bid him goodnight, just wanting to go to bed and drag Tony finally away from his project frenzy with Bruce. He pauses when he sees the worried look on Sam’s face, biting his bottom lip as he plays with something in his pocket.
Ignoring Wade grumbling about being called kiddo again, Bucky led them down into the houses, past the construction equipment and the office he had been hiding in earlier that day. Lucky for them, no more deado’s lingered about the area making their hustle to the house quick and blessedly uneventful.
“There’s tracks here, two others dragged another away from here…” Logan called out to her, standing 3 feet from her as he points at the near invisible tracks in the dirt covered ground. Joining him, Natasha looks at the tracks he found and is inclined to agree with him.
Ok i know itsbeen a while but i ended up wth a concussion and i was making this a two parter so two chapters at once! Hope you all like this! Drop me a message or come scream at me on tumblr under the same name. i will say this though, some distressing themes will happe here on out. so please stop reading if the possibility of kids getting hurt upsets you. im keeping it minimal but it is possible to showup.
“What do you want to do about this Steve?” She keeps her tone soft, trying to encourage him to talk. Also hoping the softer tone will help calm him.
“Sounds like a plan sweetheart, but for now lets eat and rest” Grinning cheekily, Bucky dodges the punch aimed at his side as he jumps up grabbing the food backpack.
“Tony, I swear, we won’t abandon nor do anything that could directly or even indirectly lead to your and your son getting hurt, you have my word as a captain..”
“Nay, Heimdell must remain at his post unless the current king orders him away. He knew we would call upon him soon. Something is wrong there.” Thor told them sombrely, he made eye contact with Loki and seemed to have an entire silent conversation.
“I’m so glad you’re ok Buck, I knew you would make it.” Smiling Steve leaned back relaxing into the plush cushions.
“We heard some in a few fields over, the cows in the next farm where making a racket, so tonight and tomorrow we have to be silent and careful until we’re sure they are far away from here ok?”
“Thor?! You mean god of thunder Thor?!” Jumping excitedly, Wade peers around the sides of Bucky, eyes wide with wonder and awe when he spots the god. “It’s Thor!!” Pointing erratically,  Wade tugs at Bucky to go towards the god. Chuckling good naturedly, happy to see the kid happy finally he allows himself to be pulled along to Thor.
Spotting the table in the kitchen with his pack and such left, he grins snatching up the hastily written note.
“We have to, it’s to dangerous Sam. I have Peter to think about, he’s to young to fight. Me and Bucky made a deal that if the safety of the group was at stake, we would leave the other behind if we had to. Right now, as much as it pains me, we have to go. I left a note for him so he can track us, put his pack on the table by the note please?”
Steve waited til they were all inside before opening his mouth again, “Any sign of him?” He look at Natasha hopeful, any sign would be welcome right now. He felt lost without his best friend/perhaps lover. His shoulders sagged though as Natasha shook her head no, her out down turned at the corners in worry.
“Hey it’s ok buddy…I was just surprised ok? No need to hide kiddo.” Using his hopefully nicest smile, Bucky tugged Wade to look at him again. “You’re a survivor kiddo like me hmm? We gotta stick together huh? See I’m about to go find my group again wanna come with? We have this lil kid in our group that would love to have a new friend”
“Well, maybe lets shelf that topic for another day him? I wan if you guys are dating then I don’t want to get in the middle of you…”
Sighing, knowing his son won’t allow him to kick the group out now he gives them a stern look. “Fine, you can all stay, someone can have the spare room or you can all use it I don’t care. Or you can use the sofas down stairs. No complaining no debate. Understood? If your staying here you will do as I say. Any arguments without good reason and I’ll shoot you got it? “ his demands are met his hasty nods of agreement.
“I saw how you two greeted each other earlier, you both were so close I’m surprised you didn’t become one. Even now your sat practically in each other’s laps…”
“I did, Doesn’t mean I want you lot here. I’m not risking Peter’s life. How do I know none of your are infected? “ Glaring his gaze jumping from one dom to the next as if daring them to try anything.
Keeping Tony close, the last of the dead were dispatched by Natasha and Clint while he was helping Tony, they hurry back to the house where the others wait. Going through the backdoor he calls out in warning to let he guys upstairs know its them.
It was Bucky who spoke, face a stone cold mask, voice soft and quiet that only seemed much more foreboding than if he had shouted.
“You got any weapons?” Surprised, Sam nods and gestures to a corner where his bags are laid. A rifle and a machete lay against the bag. “How much ammo you have left?”
“Let’s go!” Steeling his face, wiping away any emotions other than determination, Steve leads them onwards. He would like nothing more than to take after the group. Race through the trees and bushes, catch up to the horde and help Bucky. His heart aches at the thought of leaving him behind to save himself. However, back at the beginning of all this; they had made a joint decision to keep the group safe first. Even if it meant leaving the other behind for the safety of the group.
Sat on the sofa currently, is an old man; bold and in what looks to be washed out faded jeans and a plaid shirt. The man looks to be in his 50s at least, his eyes watch the new arrivals calmly and with a soft welcoming look framed by laugh lines and crows feet by the eyes.
“I’m sure we would all love to join your group” Charles addresses his group asking for their vote; unsurprisingly they all voted in favour of going.
That night, went pretty much the same as the night before. Somewhat awkward conversation between them all, most of it was based around Peter’s endless questions about the Avenger’s.
Looking at Bucky, they had a silent conversation almost as Bucky gives him an imploring look. “Come on Steve, we can’t really afford to be picky right now. We need all the help we can get. And if it helps us save others? I’m willing forget and forgive for now.” As he says that, Bucky’s eyes dart over to Tony and back o Steve. Trying to silently tell Steve that this could be their one chance to get Tony and Peter safe at least. Grinding his teeth, hating having to need the chaos god’s help he nods at Thor.
Nodding Thor looks bemused by the kids motor mouth as they head to the car once Loki finally joins them. “‘Tis would be the best course of action, tell me friend Bucky. Where are the others?”
Behind him Clint and Bruce are tending to Natasha’s wrist that she strained- possibly broken during their escape.
Sighing Steve turns back to the empty, desolate street in front of him. He needed to focus right now. Maybe once they could settle somewhere for a few days, he and Tony could try and mend some bridges.  For now they needed to focus on getting somewhere safe first and hopefully find Bucky again.
“Daddy, can I see Wade soon?” Peter poked at his powered eggs that Sam had found in one of his bags that morning. Peter’s appetite wasn’t great at the moment, missing Wade has greatly affected it the past few days.
“As you can see Captain, I have brought him back free of injury. We even found a good way in” smirking, the god of mischief waved his brother over who was still in the car, Bucky had followed Steve once he noticed that Steve had left his post.
They were not in Irondale that Bucky could find. It was a smallish town compared to New York which a massive Wallmart further along the main road. Keeping to the side roads just off the main road he drove slowly on, luckily most deado’s had moved on and only a few spotted the streets. Easily avoidable again.
He, Clint and Natasha are scouting ahead to make sure no dead are around, they’re aiming to get to the discarded car of theirs to start pushing it towards the housing estate. That is, if they don’t find another abandoned car that is closer.
Tony allowed his gaze to wander around the quiet room, all of them reluctant to make this worse. Tony’s eyes fall on the nervous form of Bruce Banner. An idea forming in his mind instantly that would solve a lot of things for them.
“We should find shelter, a storm is heading out way, we shouldn’t be out by trees...” concerned Steve looks at his weary group. “Clint quick climb a tree and do a quick sweep for some form of shelter”
“My pleasure, seriously Cap, that shower is amazing.” Grinning Tony sets to work on the arm, “once you’re all clean we can all just cuddle for a while.” Tony paused a moment to glance at Steve, “I haven’t heard any news from about Wade so I’m guessing everything is still ok that area?”
Like a shot, Clint nimbly takes off, barely making a sound as he hurries to get ahead of the horde with enough time to warn the others. Shoving all his problems away, putting his faith in his group to take care. He and Natasha edge out further, enough to be able to sneak past the group. Thankfully they all stayed on the road which is acting like a funnel for them.  With one last thought, Steve hoped and prayed Clint gets to the others, once passed the group he and Nat take off running.
They make it to the town centre they park in the middle of the street, so that no matter how far from the truck they go they can all quickly get back to the truck. Jumping off the back, Steve and Sam make their way to the front where Clint an Nat are sat still.
Jumping down from the back of the truck, Steve and Sam hurry over to a camper attached to another truck. They had decided to go around the outskirts of the town to look around for any signs of any other groups or blocked roads; in the back of the truck, Sam and Steve where jotting things down routes and landmarks in a small notebook. Maybe they could find a way to funnel traffic around the town if they know all the ins and outs. It would to make patrolling and defending easier and also diverting the Dead easier with minimal chances of injury.
Getting in, as Loki had said, was easy. They found a side door that was unlocked that lead to a kitchen, the kitchen itself was empty as well as the immediate hallway beyond. A quick raid of the kitchen yielded some more food that they took.
Movement from his left catches his attention, head snapping in that direction Bucky brings up his knives again. Upon seeing who it actually is, he falters and lowers them again.
There, soft and barely noticeable is the sound of snarling. Rolling his shoulders, the Sub peeked in to see a weak looking Deado make to way to the flashing ball. The legs are missing off of the Deado. It’s then that Tony notices a wheelchair that’s been knocked to the floor by the window. The Deado was an old elderly lady, from the old sickeningly overripe fruit scent that fills the room. An old Sub.
“I believe the best approach would be my self and Stark sneaking in to check the outside, find the best way in-“
Dinner is eventually served, The team have never been so thankful for a cooked meal, a filling one as well. Before long the group was settling in the front room as Tony took Peter up stairs to his room, tucking him in for the night. Bucky did a quick sweep of down stairs, to make sure all windows where covered and all doors locked and secure, covered as well before settling down.
”I… I mean we, wanted to just-“ Steve makes motions with his hands his face twisted into a confused like state of contemplation. As if not sure how to voice his words. “ wanted to apologise. We wanted to try and clear the air between us all. For ages now I’ve wanted to talk to you and just, lay things to rest between us? Whether things could progress better from there or we went our separate ways again after ? Up to you, I just felt like we owe it to you to talk.”
Tony had insisted that they bury any bodies out back with dignity. Surprisingly everyone had easily agreed with him. Now looking at this elderly lady, he’s glad he had insisted on burial. The poor women wouldn’t have stood a chance when this all started. She deserved to be given a decent ending.
Behind him is Clint, Natasha and Bucky, who have all been tasked in keeping watch just in case. They had somehow forgotten to check for a basement when doing their first sweep of the place. Due to the doors leading down to the basement still being locked, they were hopeful that it’s empty.
“Tony, I could give you so many excuses for my behaviour but…that’s not what’s important. My excuses don’t justify so we- I, left you to deal with the shield council and fury by yourself. Though I admire that you kept it a secret from even them. “ Steve gave a rueful smile at the bittersweet memory. “I…I reacted badly to the reveal Tony. I took it to personal, Bucky got my head on straight after smacking me across the head a few times to get me to see that.”
“No.” Steve cut n, growling at Loki, not being able to help his knee jerk reaction to wanting to keep Tony away from danger as best as he can. Huffing with annoyance, Loki sends him a withering glare.
Tony took in both Bucky’s and Natasha’s advice, nodding slowly as he thought it over, though most of his focus was on the tech that was stored in the room next door. Ideas and plans formulating in his mind on ways to use it all, mentally calculating the parts that each item would have.
Grinning Bucky starts the car and drives off, heading back to the main road to look for a safe place to stop for a bit. Silence settles over the group for a few moments when Loki leans forward to speak to Thor.
Clint sat at the table quietly, helping the kid do what looks like maths homework? Frowning, he internally wonders why Tony is bothering to teach his kid this. Looking up he scans the room, Tony and Bruce had gone out to get water to use from a well. Steve is stood at the sink peeling some vegetables that would go off soon.  Natasha is heating up a camping grill set and hob to cook the food over, tea currently heating up in a kettle on the hob. At Bruce’s insistence to stay as healthy as possible. Apparently green tea did just that job, despite how foul tasting it was to him.
“I just want to add, if my son gets hurt because of him, we won’t leave him because I’ll kill him.” Tony comes back with Bucky, his tone hard and unforgiving as he glares at Sam. Showing just how serious he is about that threat.
“But daddy! I’m not sleepy yet…” huffing, Peter puffs up his cheeks making him look like a chipmunk. Chuckling Tony ruffles his hair and nudges him to wards the top of the bed.
Carefully, the group move around the bottom floor, all clear. Nodding to each other, Steve heads up the stairs first followed by Bucky then Clint who has his arrows at the ready.  To the left are three doors and the right are two. After careful planning he heads to the right first checking the furthest door, it opens up to a empty master bedroom. He bed is made and the air smells fresh. Indicating someone was in this place this morning at least. A quick check of the closests reveal no walkers, they go back out into the hallway and try the next door revealing a bathroom. The next two reveal a spare room and an airing cupboard.
“Aye, he did but we had time to talk things over when dealing with our own home issues. I know he will help us friend. Please give him a chance to prove himself? I will keep a close eye on him.”
It’s nearly 30 minutes later when Bucky could pry Tony and Bruce from tinkering with the spare tech, meeting Sam downstairs with the Asgardian brothers, Colossus, Logan, Pyro and Charles. The rest must be settling down for the night, Nat offering to watch over the kids as well we Clint incase of any issues.
Grinning, Clint opens a door on the left to check a room only to find it’s a closet full of fresh linens and blankets.
Quickly the team disperses to get ready to leave. Tony and the super soldiers head up to the room the kids are in.
come scream me on tumblr (under same user name) as i dont always check messages on here. I love hearing what you guys think and what parts you loved reading! Unbetad so any mistakes are mine, bare in mind I use British English spelling not American English.
“Everything will be ok Doll, you’ll see” Bucky pulled a blanket around Peter and Tony to keep them warm, as the air starts to get colder the lower the sun goes.
“That must have hurt, daddy got hit by bomb pieces. Does it still hurt?” Peter shrugs going back to his work when Bucky shakes his head no. The arm doesn’t, just the memory.
“Get in the car!!” diving into the driver’s seat he turns the engine revving it to life as the spy twins make a run and jump into the back just about as Steve reverses trying to avoid the horde thats getting really close. To close, Natasha just about shuts the door as the first few get to the car banging on the windows. In the back somewhere Steve hears the frightened wails of Peter as he floors the pedal, sending the car jolting forward; knocking back several dead that tried to surround the car; getting frown around a bit in the back from the car driving over bodies.
“-besides, he won’t let anything happen to me.” Grinning brightly, happy to ignore the burning glare that was being aimed at him from Loki.
Snarls picked up, becoming vicious at the prospect of food. Rushing the nearby deado’s surged to the now very fragile looking building clawing at the walls. Their snarls of hunger and renewed vigour drawing in the others. Exciting the group, almost like a feeding frenzy in the sea. In seconds they have the entire building surrounded as they push against the walls. It starts to bow under their combined force.
“Trust me doll, we have talked about it between us before. Steve made it clear early on before we decided to give it a try that he still like you. And to tell you the truth sugar, I was fairly gone on you as well ack then. How cute you looked in oil stained vest tops after a night of working. The way your nose scrunches when confused. Just damn doll!”
“I actually agree with Stark for once,” leaning against the truck’s side, Loki twirled a dagger in his hands, idly playing with it; Bucky watching impressed at the skill Loki obviously possessed. Steve was not looking forward to those two trading dagger wielding tips. Pushing against the truck with his hip, Loki stood to his full height and lazily looked around at the building in front of them. They had pulled up across the road from the medical centre, giving themselves more running distance to put between them and any Deado’s that chase them out.
Spluttering while trying to fight down his blush, Tony squirmed out of Bucky’s grip, straightening his clothes and subtly tugging at the collar of his shirt.
“I can’t see anything Cap, I think it’s empty.” Sam called from the other side of the vehicle, he gently raps on one of the windows to test if anything is hiding inside. They hear nothing.
Giving his head a small shake, Tony decided to ignore the last 2 minutes he goes to start undressing.
Huffing to show his displeasure, Wade got up from his make shift bed as they both started to pack up. Eager to get going and find Bucky’s group.
Impressed with how thorough they had been, Steve nod his thanks before using his foot to scuff the dirt, erasing the map. Steve decided to push the bit of info about the research lab to the back of his mind for now, maybe they will find another room with machines that they could use. If not, they may have to take on that room.
In the back Natasha is riffling through the pouches on the backs of the front seats and grins as she finds candy bars and a map. Handing out the sweet chocolate she shakes out the map.
They manage to get the camper hitched up without any issues and back into the truck to continue on their way to the shops, Steve takes of his shield from his back as Clint suggested and holds it in front of him. Taking a defensive crouching position with Sam just behind him as Nat drives, all of them keeping a sharper eye out for any movement.
Shame. That’s what the burning, twisty feeling was. That for all he didn’t want to be some backwater broodmare, he hated that people thought he was failing at the things his sex were best at. Or that the sheriff had made a mistake sending for him.
“Remember I mentioned my grandpa? I guess we forgot to exchange last names or you would’ve clocked it pretty fast. I’m Tony Stark.”
Tony started to move, very clearly prepared to stop him and Steve’s heart was in his throat. In his head, he was running a risk assessment and this guy was desperate. His gun hand was unsteady, and if Tony interfered there was a high chance he’d be shot.
Steve looked at him and then snorted. He slipped his arms behind Tony’s legs and lifted him in one move, Tony’s weight seemingly nothing to him. Tony stared down at him, legs coming around Steve’s hips on instinct, arousal flooding through him. “How--how long can you do that for?” he rasped.
Tony slipped his hands in his pockets, trying to look unconcerned. Out the corner of his eye, he could see Pepper helping Melanie up and out the door. She’d removed her heels, making their movement almost silent.
He ducked behind a building, trying to settle the rush of feeling that was threatening to take over.
Tony was a social butterfly, greeting many of the residents by name, all charm and friendliness as he distributed cats around the room. The cats were clearly used to the treatment, curling up on laps for cuddles and playing with a few of the cat toys.
J.J snorted. “I don’t know, you growl like one when someone wakes you up, it’s not far off the mark.”
“It must be tough,” Laura said, handing him a piece of cake. “Coming all this way on your own. I hope you’ve made some friends here at least.”
This the third and final planned mini-sequel for Object Matrimony! I hope you’ve enjoyed! This is all I have written, but never say never - I may add to this verse at some point ♥️
“A snake!” Peter squealed excitedly and pushed forward as Tony’s heart caught in his chest. Because average at biology or not, he recognised a venomous back pattern up this close.
He could see Peter, tugging Dodger along by his lead beside them, and he looked up at Steve. “Where are we going?”
J.J snorted. “Wow, thanks Riri,” he said, heading into the bathroom. “Dad ordered pancakes if you want them.”
He was numb. How could he have been so foolish to think that he’d have the support of his alpha? All that sweetness was a facade. He was still just chattel like he had been back East.
“It’s no problem. Alpine is helping me gather data, a new leg is the least I can do.” He gave the cat a scratch under the chin and she purred appreciatively.
Stíofán looked Antonius over. “It was much the same for me. Loveliest thing I’d ever seen. Worth more to me to have you than the money I could’ve earned.”
“Look, look!” Hugh said, and then he turned to Peadar, sucked in a breath and gave a loud, “Arrrrgh!”
Bucky froze for a second, allowing himself a moment to process the fact that this was probably the first time in years that he’d laughed like that before he shrugged. “Yeah, I guess.”
“No. We’re not pushing the launch back any further. We’ve announced on the website, we’ve booked the hotel, we’re not getting our deposit back. I’ll make it happen, you just make sure the line is ready, got it?”
“Perhaps I might.” He was an older man, dressed in a nice suit and polished shoes. If there hadn’t been gunmen around Tony likely would’ve mistaken him for one of the guests. “Alexander Pierce, Mr Stark. Maybe you’ve heard of me.”
She rolled her eyes, but there was a touch of amusement there too, so he knew he was in the clear. “Uh huh. Up, come on, time to go,” she said, and Tony could see she was impatient but not flustered. That meant he had a bit of wriggle room.
Tony looked at him, almost pleading as if demanding Steve fix it, and Steve smiled. “Well, the Doc says we can go home, as long as you're a good boy and stay in bed for a few days.”
Steve nodded. “It was. Gave me a reason to remember this was my home now I guess. Meeting normal people, just living their lives. It was very grounding.” There was a slight shadow over his expression and it made Tony ache to see it.
He shoved it into its case before he could think about it any more, swinging it onto his back. He’d just be careful.
Tony opened bleary eyes, blinking confusedly. He could feel Steve behind him, as usual, but everything else seemed wrong.
Steve couldn’t seem to help it, but he fell forward, letting Tony take his weight, the alpha’s arms coming up automatically to hold him tight. It felt good, and he purred, pressing his face into Tony’s neck.
“I just can’t wait to be up there,” he told Tony, shining with excitement. “Feeling the breeze, and almost feeling weightless, it’s--” he stopped and laughed. “Well, I don’t need to tell you. You know all about it.”
“He’s fine Stark. He has rolled his ankle and there is swelling, but rest will see it healed. He does have a very minor fever, but I believe that too will pass, though call me back if it should get significantly worse.”
“Maybe I’ll see it someday,” Tony said, though the tone implied he thought it was just wishful thinking.
The voice was almost familiar. But that must be the adrenaline talking. Because there was no way it could be who it sounded like.
He layered up and tugged on his brown leather jacket. He pulled on his boots, tying them tight and tucking the laces in so they wouldn’t catch. There was a buzz under his skin as he looked around his bare apartment, so devoid of any personality. It felt right to leave.
As they pulled away she caught a glimpse of her dad burying his face in Pop’s shoulder and Pops winding his arms around him.
, are you - just fucking - give it here!” Steve ripped at the straps until they came off Tony’s shoulders, slinging the baby bjorn around his own chest. “Go! I’ll protect your stupid plant.”
Tony grinned. “Then that works for everyone.” He pulled out his phone. “Happy, bring the car around.”
Natasha gave him a disbelieving look for a moment and then sighed. “Look, I’m sorry you… no, you know what? I’m not. You’re the idiot who thought it was a good idea to put a plant in a baby bjorn.”
Unsurprising, he supposed. If an alpha couldn’t get what he needed back home, why wouldn’t he seek it further afield?
The man who had hit Tony looked falsely apologetic. “He says they don’t deal with people like us, boss. I thought perhaps you might like to talk to him.”
“Stíofán! You have to take these kids away. If they don’t stop frolicking in Rhodey’s smithy he is going to throw me out!”
Steve swallowed, feeling a lump in his throat. “I’ll keep that in mind.” He started the bike and felt the rumble of the engine settle under his skin. “Goodbye.”
“Shit.” He turned to leave and noticed one of the kittens sleeping on the stack near the window. “I’ll take this too, it’ll make good bait for the dogs.”
She linked her arm around his and led him firmly down one of the side streets, turning a few corners until they reached a pretty house with a pitched roof and a garden filled with flowers.
Tony scoffed, not wanting to dignify that with an answer. Like he hadn’t shown up to every parade and ceremony Steve had asked him to, even when the threat of redeployment had loomed.
“Avengers, do you copy?” Steve barked into his comm piece as he dragged Tony along with the plant underneath the nearest table, “JARVIS, what’s going on?”
Stíofán made an effort to enjoy himself. Tomorrow might be his last day after all, why not indulge a bit. He found himself sitting on a few cushions, his arm around Tony as he sipped his wine. He was careful not to overdo it, he needed to be on form tomorrow, but he had a pleasant warmth in his body, and he was more prone to a laugh as the bucks around told jokes and stories.
“I’m sure he’d be fine Tony, the ground’s got safety padding,” Steve offered, looking concerned, but fear made Tony snap.
Steve felt his cheeks heat. He had the feeling the other man knew this wasn’t a normal road trip. “I’ll have to try for a visit.”
As the Sheriff led him around on Ana’s back, showing him how to keep his seat and how to direct her, he felt a sense of settledness. Maybe he could make it here after all.
She pulled on her new denim jacket over her dress that Pepper had bought her and looked in the mirror.
Their social media had gone wild, and he already had several new investors and a large number of orders.
Steve’s alphahood seemed particularly on board, creating a tent in the fabric, and both of them froze for a moment, looking down at it.
Azari stepped forward and held out his hand. Maria copied him and he dropped a small metal bar into her hands. “It’s a gift from Okoye.”
Tony froze, dread filling him like he’d just been doused in cold water. He looked at Steve, who was so clearly trying to keep his expression calm, but Tony could see the stiffness of his jaw.
He closed the app as he neared his destination, the car pulling up outside the art gallery bumping slightly against the curb. He hadn’t wanted to come to this thing in the first place, but his Business Manager Pepper had insisted. It was good networking and his business needed all the connections he could get. Cat prosthetics didn’t sell themselves.
“Well don’t let them bother you. Plenty of good folks here, you’ll see.” She put a few jars on the table. “Now let’s get started, hmm?”
He looked up ahead at the lights and he did a double take as he spotted Steve Rogers on the opposite corner.
She looked as though she wanted to argue, and Tony could understand it. There were several folks here far stronger than Tony, and what omega would be able to lift such a heavy burden? He stared her down, trying to will her to understand, and it must’ve worked because she nodded, lip trembling.
Tony hurried closer, sticking to the porches of the shops, as the other townsfolk nearby huddled to watch.
This time Stíofán went in shield high, getting past the front paws, and under the wings. He raised his shield and brought the sharp edge down on the chain that held it to the ground. It took a good three slices to break the chain, and manticore shrieked with anger whirling around to face him, ready to land a killing strike--
Steve grinned. “Hardly my fault that I’m forced to come and look after the townsfolk instead of staying in bed with you. Anyone would be grumpy about that.”
Bucky stared down at him, shocked. Steve looked up at him, face and chest covered in feathers stuck to the leftover champagne, looking like he’d just been slapped in the face.
Tony sighed, rubbing over his chest at the ache that lay there. Of course that would mean nothing if something had happened to the man. He could see no trace of him, and decided to fetch his horse and go further afield. It would be faster and he could cover more distance.
“You used to whine about being a short stack, now you’re a tall, blond Adonis - Stark’s words, not mine - and you’re still whining. Shut your yap, and stick your ass out for the camera.”
Stíofán hummed. “Got a long day tomorrow. Got to get the foundations of the house built for Bucky, his Somhairle arrives soon and he wants to be ready.”
He tried to think of the meals Ana made: the ones he liked best, and the ones she’d let him help make when he was just a little one. “I like sponge cake, and I made gingerbread once.”
“Sure.” Steve felt a little uneasy, the idea of seeing people who were more in his age bracket leaving an odd feeling in his stomach, but Tony looked so hopeful, he couldn’t say no.
Tony drew himself up, like a bird ruffling its feathers, and got in Steve’s face. “And if that is not diplomatic enough for you then perhaps next time I’ll just let whoever it is just strike our child, is that what you’d prefer?”
Stíofán looked down at the finely crafted shield on his arm, the blue and red paint stark against the sands. He’d never seen its like before, light and easy to carry but stronger than anything he’d ever seen.
When he came back upstairs, it was silent. Steve’s art supplies were gone from the coffee table, his clothes missing from his drawer, his round art case no longer leaning against the wall. The only sign of him was a loose leaf of paper on the counter. It was a sketch: one of Tony sleeping on the couch. It was so lovingly drawn, and for a moment Tony’s heart clenched. He took it, reading the inscription in the corner.
Steve was tucked up in their bed, and Tony sat beside him, holding his hand once he’d seen the deputy on his way.
“I don’t know what you mean, sir. Please leave me be.” He desperately wanted that hand off him, but he couldn’t bring himself to move it.
“Ok that I don’t get!” Tony told them, gesturing with his fork. “I just meant he’s not a witch. That’s what we call non-magic folk. It’s not like, an insult.”
He was embarrassed, and he threw himself into preparing a meal for Steve. When he returned sometime later, any trace of Steve’s interest was gone, and they didn't speak of it.
said looking around the room. “Sorry to come after closing but I heard you had a magic till or something?” He clearly missed Tony tucked in the corner, his gaze circling in on the till.
“Feel better Tony,” Rhodey said, looking very concerned. “I’ll check in on you tomorrow,” he called as he left to head back to the forge.
The disbelief must’ve shown on his face, because the man chuckled. “She will, of course, no doubt, be just as happy I did not meet my demise.”
“Comes from having the best and most beautiful omega by my side. A man always knows the right path when he’s got the right person to point the way.”
When the story was done, Tony gave both little satyrs a kiss on the head before he went outside to clean their bowls, leaving Stíofán to wrestle the kids into bed.
It didn’t matter anyway. Tony thought he was an alpha; everyone did. And Steve didn’t bother to correct them. As he looked now, he was given respect and he was listened to. Listened to in a way he hadn’t when he’d been small and everyone had just assumed he’d present as an omega. He had, but not the way he’d expected, coming into it the moment the serum hit his veins. Only Howard had known his real presentation, explaining he’d just been a late bloomer and the serum had jump-started the process, and once he’d woken up, Coulson and Fury too. The argument for hiding his presentation had been the same: no one would take an omega like him seriously. Times had changed, but being an omega still wasn’t a walk in the park. In fact, it was dangerous
Tony watched as the dirigible tipped, the back end riding until the whole thing was vertical. It would be almost comical, if it weren’t so clearly a disaster.
Tony stoked the fire, took a seat by the stove, and waited. Eventually, six feet of muscle shuffled awkwardly in the door, eyes looking around the room until they landed on Tony.
He could hear the crowd chanting his name as he and Ivor circled each other. The fight was to first surrender, so Stíofán knew he had to go in hard and fast since he was already too tired to simply wear the other satyr down.
Tony did, hands on his hips helping him settle, until he was on his hands and forearms, behind raised in the air for Steve’s perusal. It made Tony feel seen in a way he'd never felt before, and the hot feeling in his chest flooded through him.
“What am I supposed to do, Pepper? Stay here? I’m stifled here. I feel like I can’t breathe. My parents have chosen my life for me, and they're forcing me down the path bit by bit, no matter what I say. And even if I were to try and do something for myself, the rest of this city...," he sighed. "Everyone’s the same.”
“I heard you're from New York,” the other omega said, eyes bright behind a pair of dark glasses and even darker hair. “That’s real keen. What’s it like?”
He kept up a steady rhythm, pulling Tony slightly onto knees so he could reach underneath and begin to stroke. The faun writhed beneath him and Stíofán had to start focusing on not making noises himself. He could hear Tony begging for relief and so, he gave a strong twist of his hand. Tony went limp with a long muffled groan.
They lay there until the knot subsided, Tony dozing as Steve pulled free and cleaned him up, before joining him in bed and curling around him.
This chapter discusses fertility problems and stress over potentially losing a sick child. Tony also has views and insecurities about childbearing and pregnancy that we would consider outdated, but are period-appropriate. Everyone is ok at the end, but use your own judgment - if these topics are tough for you it might be best to give this one a miss ❤️
Though the town clerk would no doubt be down at the saloon telling everyone as soon as the ink was dry. Everyone would want to hear that the Sheriff had gotten himself hitched to an omega.
Tony let his hand drop, instead intertwining their fingers. “I don’t mind. Hell, I’ll even lie for you and say you were saving a cat from a tree or something.”
Tony looked around to see one of the security staff standing there looking bored. His eyes were hidden behind purple sunglasses and he was holding a cat carrier.  His eyebrows shot to his hairline.
The Sheriff began to move, and Tony gasped at the feeling. In and out, long, slow thrusts that made a pressure build low in his belly. He could feel a moan trying to escape, but he bit it back, remembering one of the books he’d once read from his father’s library.
Tony sat atop the buggy staring out at the landscape as they left town. The sun was getting ready to set, but there was still enough light to appreciate it. It was greener than he imagined, once you got outside of town. The dust and buildings gave way to a pretty forest and fresh, crisp smells of nature.
S’Teve felt his ears heat up as he remembered. Tony had been in a bad state, his body small against S’Teve’s as they’d waited for rescue. Tony was right. It would’ve made more sense to leave and inform the Captain, but he’d been unable to face the idea of leaving Tony alone, vulnerable and likely to be captured. “We were unaware of how the Zenrans treated captured spies.”
It was a little odd. She’d thought Pops would be a little more upset about them leaving, but he just kept telling them how proud he was and how excited he was that they were going off to college and getting to start a new chapter. Spending his evenings googling the best bus routes and grocery stores for them to use.
“You didn’t make me cry, Steve,” Tony told him, feeling stupidly light now. “It felt good, I liked it, but it was my first day here, and I had just traveled across the country, met my new husband, and gotten married, and now he was making me feel something I’d never felt before. I was just overtired and overwhelmed.”
Tony snorted, an unattractive sound, but it made Steve grin. “Go home and clean up, you idiot,” he told Bucky, who gave them a wave and wandered off down the street.
“This is how you get to know people,” Sam offered cheerfully, petting Jarvis who had wrapped around his ankle. “And wear your witch robe, it’ll make a good talking point.”
Steve wasn’t like Ty. Tony knew that. But the excuses were the same: the sketchy attitude, the unwillingness to share details. Steve also had a second phone, which he’d never told Tony about, but which Tony had caught glimpses of from time to time. If it was just for work, why hide it?
That unexpectedly made Tony’s heart ache. The shock of seeing Steve made him miss the implications of what this meeting meant. That Steve had...moved on.
His broom was snapped in half, the bristles clogged with dirt, and when he reached out with his magic, there was no beat.
“Of course,” Tiberius leered, sliding over to leave space beside him. “Such a lovely creature is always welcome.”
“You haven’t,” Tony disagreed. “You‘ve given me a path where I might make my own choices away from this stifling place without casting myself adrift. I’m grateful that it was you who chose me, because now I can have an adventure, instead of some awful vapid existence. And well with your looks and mine, the kid should be a real beauty which is always a blessing.” He looked at Stíofán’s arms. “Though I hope the muscles come later or it’ll be a hard labour.”
It was...nice. Tony had kissed alphas before, nothing serious, just kids fooling around. This was very different. This was his
“I did it wrong,” Tony hissed, feeling a lump in his throat. “I must’ve used salt instead of sugar! It tastes awful. And the first bite any of those vipers have of it, they’re going to know.”
“She was tiny, like too tiny and so I swept her up and took her over to the shelter. They checked her over but they were full up and they asked if I could foster. I figured why not, just for a few weeks.” Tony huffed comically. “And then she never left.”
He’d been fairly lucky for most of the journey, sharing a sleeper carriage with another omega who was travelling to take up a post as a teacher. She’d gotten off at Truckee, just over the state line, to meet a stagecoach to take her on to her final destination. They’d exchanged details so they could write when Tony settled, and though it wasn’t much, it was nice to have someone nearby he could talk to.
Tony was kissing him before the door closed, his hand wrapping around Stíofán’s horns to hold him in place. He was like a wild thing in Stíofán’s hold, writhing against him and seemingly trying to get them closer together even as they were touching all over.
“You sure he was dead?” Rumlow’s voice carried on the breeze. “Because if you killed his doe, then no one will blame him when he strangles you in your sleep.”
Steve raised his eyebrows. “Seems it’s never dull in these circles.” He looked at Tony. “And you, sir? Have you caused a scandal? If it’s not too rude to pry.”
Tony glared. “It’s revolting. And now all anyone’s going to be talking about is how Sheriff Rogers’ omega can’t cook for anything and how he should have picked one of the good cooks in the town like Miss Carter!”
The man chuckled. “He’s fine. My team will get him. Just thought maybe he deserved to piss himself a bit first.”
“Very handsome. It’s why I caught your eye back at the pens.” Antonius looked away, his cheek tinted pink.
Steve chuckled. “It’s fine, I know someone who can take care of that.” He gave a short whistle and Dodger perked up. Steve pointed and the dog loped over, snarfing up the food on the floor much to Peter’s delight.
Tony felt a flutter of excitement, both at the prospect of learning a new skill, especially one that might let him feel like he was flying, and the slight preening of an omega being given such a big gift by his alpha. It was very nice. “Alright, I’d like that.”
“I don’t know what you mean,” Tony replied, continuing his walk down the main street, waving his fan gracefully but with vigour. He waved in reply to the townsfolk who offered a good morning, the alphas tipping their hats politely.
Stíofán grinned but ate his food obediently. Soon the call came for them to head out into the training ground, and Stíofán walked Tony to the kitchens.
Tony reached out gently to place his hand over Steve’s. “I’m glad it helped.” He cleared his throat. “I know something about needing to do something to clear your mind, so I get it.”
Tony huffed. “None of your business. Do you see me asking you about the literal bird nest you made for Redwing? Who, in case you haven’t noticed, is not an
“Don’t move,” a voice said, rough against his ear. “Or I’ll shoot him.” Tony’s heart was pounding. Clearly Pierce’s goon was going off script.
“I’m coming!” He slung his duffel over his shoulder and picked up his shield case. “I’ve got to go.”
Tony’s head snapped around to see two omegas struggling a few blocks down. There were two Alphas pawing at them, and Tony realised with a sickening feeling that one of them was Hodge. He turned back to say something to Steve, but he realised the Sheriff was already running, halfway down the main street.
“I broke my broom when I didn’t meet you for the party - I’m sorry about that by the way. I got caught in a storm and crash landed. I haven’t really had time to replace my broom, and all my magic jobs have had to be on foot, and it’s slowed me down, and I’m just….so tired.”
Tony leaned down and picked Peter up, resting the kid on his hip, smiling when Peter buried his face into Tony’s shoulder. “Yeah someone’s tired. We better get home.”
He was able to avoid being in Tony’s presence for 23.5 hours. It wasn’t down to luck either, since he heard from Mr Wilson that Tony was expending a great deal of energy trying to track him down.
Stíofán closed his eyes and rested his head on top of Tony’s. His mind drifted, as it often did, to home. Only now, when he looked he saw Tony next to his Ma, a bundle in his arms. His kid would know happiness, and they would be loved beyond measure.
"Mhmm," Steve hummed, biting his lip as he smudged some of the lines for effect. "Yosemite Valley, I was there a few months ago."
“Uh huh,” Tony sighed again. “I hope you’ve thought about what more kids mean. They can’t all come to the forge, you’d have to watch them.”
Steve caught the eye of the man’s omega who was looking a little embarrassed by her alpha’s behaviour. “I don’t think the Captain needs to hear--”
Stíofán made his way to the grounds feeling less enthusiastic than usual. He wanted to stay. Make Tony laugh some more. Or spend the day working together. As it often did, the image of his home filled his mind. The woodsmoke on the air, the soothing bustle of the village that was so unlike the frantic noise of Rome, the green of the pastures and the safety of the village walls. His mother outside the house, Bucky waving as he walked by. Perhaps he’d be married by now, living in his own stone house. For a moment, his mind placed Tony there. Tony helping his ma with the garden, or cooking over the fire as Stíofán came in from tending to the crops. He felt suddenly so homesick it was almost a physical pain. He blinked quickly to keep the tears back and stepped into lines with the others.
Steve groaned, embarrassed. He’d seen the pictures of himself, all over Tony as the alpha tried to escort him out. He’d made such a spectacle. “I’m really sorry about that.”
Tony could feel the echo of pain in those words and he hugged Steve tighter. It felt nice, and Steve was warm and kind, and Tony let himself enjoy the hug for a long moment until he pulled away. He pointed at the sketches on the wall. “Seems to me like you’re getting there. It’s just taking more time than expected. And with fewer people shooting at you.”
Those bastards. He couldn’t believe they’d gone as far as to kidnap his omega over a few barfights. Some alphas could be petty over the most minor of slights, but he’d never expected this.
He unwrapped it carefully, pulling out the contents and making a pleased sound when he found several jars of pleasant-smelling creams.
“Well then you won’t mind taking it to be on the safe side,” Tony replied, giving him a look, and Steve sighed.
“For a guy who looks like butter wouldn’t melt in his mouth, you clearly have no problem with cheating.”
“Oh sure,” Steve agreed, feeling almost sad to be sent away. Sam’s workshop was calming and he didn’t feel like he had to
The ship rose in the air, carrying Steve with it, clinging to the rope with visible effort. Because of course he was there. He was always there, and if anything went wrong he was always going to be the first to step in and help because he was a stupid brave idiot. Dammit. Steve swang with the wind, and with each movement Tony felt panicked nausea rise his throat.
“That’s great! Thanks. Oh here,” he handed Tony a piece of bread with jam in a napkin and went to the fridge. He took out some raw meat and put a bit on a plate for Jarvis who ran over to eat with enthusiasm. “Hungry little guy, huh?”
Tony began to explain, taking more bread as Rhodey put it in front of him. He started with witch tradition, told him about their flight over, and then it wasn’t long before the words spilled out, telling them about how he’d lost their money and he wasn’t sure what to do.
It was a nice place. Kept as clean as somewhere that dealt in motor oil could be, and the comforting sound of the radio playing in the back. There was the sound of a door opening and then a man walked into the main area, still drying his hands on a rag.
Miss Foster shook her head. “You wouldn’t have. We live out on a farm with our uncle, Dr Selvig, so we only come to town once a month or so for supplies and socialising.”
“It’s irrational though. I know that. And the spider thing - turns out it’s only this one rare spider that’s bad, and it’s not even American. It hopped a ride in my bag on one of my overseas business trips. So all and all, just bad luck. But I can’t help but see things and worry, you know? What if he gets abducted, or falls down a loose grating or gets sucked up by a street sweeper?!” He looked at Steve who was very kindly trying not to look at him like he was ridiculous. “And it doesn’t help that he’s so adventurous, running this way and that before I can even check it’s safe. It’s...well, I’m glad my drama isn’t making him more nervous but also it would help me a lot if he’d stay in one place just one time.”
Tony snorted. “What? Me and S’Teve? Oh no, he wouldn’t -- we’re not -- no, nothing like that. I would be honoured, Chancellor, to take part in the ceremony.”
Tony flushed, feeling ridiculous. “I’m so sorry. Honestly, I have no idea what went wrong but I never would’ve thought of making either of you eat it.”
Sam directed him to some buns that needed icing, and Tony dutifully covered them carefully with the thick sugary syrup.
So far, Tony the only time it happened were drunken “Love you”s at parties from people, and his hopes were almost immediately dashed when their words didn’t match.
The house was starting to take shape though it’d be some time before it was finished. Bucky was walking around like cock of the walk as they prepared, talking about how fine his doe was and how he was going to fill his house with kids.
Tony nodded and tried not to flinch when he felt the hand go higher. He didn’t want his new alpha to think him reluctant. He was enjoying it, this feeling of being wanted, and there was something underneath it all, a flutter low in his belly. He was just anxious, was all. He’d spent his whole life being told to keep people away from anywhere below the waist, and now it was all on offer. He wanted to do well.
He looked down to see he had bent it near in half. “Oh god, I’m sorry, let me-” He bent it back, trying to make it seem difficult. “I don’t know what came over me.”
“Yeah, you like that?” The hands tightened adding more delicious pressure and Stíofán gasped. “You want my mouth?”
And when they finally fell into bed at the end of the night, Tony was pulled back in a warm, solid embrace, and it was nearly perfect.
The spellwork itself didn’t take much. Most of his time was spent exploring the machine with his magic, finding all the parts he needed to tweak and reinforcing weak spots. The magic flowed from him into the tractor, and soon he could feel it getting stronger, the magic pulsing like a heartbeat. A bit more, just needed to-- there!
Tony tried to push them back onto the bed, but Steve stayed upright, pulling him more firmly into his lap. “Take what you need, sweet thing. I’ll keep you steady.” Because that, if nothing else, was Steve’s job. Keeping their ship afloat, while Tony chartered their course. He lifted Tony up, just far enough to allow him to slip inside, and Tony moaned in relief.
Stíofán gave Tony’s tail a tug, making the doe squawk. “Patience.” He let his hands rub up and down Tony’s thighs, enjoying how rubbing the fur the wrong way made him shiver.
The alpha came into the room, and though Tony was turned away, he felt him settle on the bed next to him. “Tough day?”
Tony stayed close, seemingly glued to his side, and Stíofán wasn’t complaining. He was still sipping his wine when Fury came over.
“Oh? I’m not sure I understand.” S’Teve’s ear pricked up at the statement, though he kept his gaze on the surroundings, keeping an eye for security threats.
The guy was carrying what had to be a canvas wrapped up and Tony pointed, mouthing ‘art show?’ as he did.
Hugh wiggled free and he and Peadar raced to the top off the tall woodpile. “Hey, hey, off there, it’s not stable.”
His chest was tight, his eyes felt hot, and he realised to his horror there was a tear making its way down his cheek.
The sheriff, having run out of things to do with his hands, cleared his throat awkwardly. “I suppose I ought…”
“You’re--oh,” Steve said, looking down at where their hands were joined. He didn’t say anything, just sat there for a moment, long enough that Tony frowned.
He heard the front door open, the sound of the sheriff putting kicking off his boots and bolting the door. There was a splash of water, letting him know the alpha had found the basin of water for cleaning.
So no, he wouldn’t be fooled. He’d fight as he needed, and he’d take the money on offer, add it to his pot. He wasn’t the kind to have his head turned by some faun. He had a plan, and he was sticking to it.
He pulled his shield from his back and threw it, slicing into the side of it before it looped back around for him to catch. He squinted at the mark - it remained, but didn’t seem to slow it at all. He looked up trying to gauge its height. At least three stories. This was going to be difficult. He watched as the blob absorbed a car. Very difficult.
The soft, fluffy tail began to move, tickling him beneath his cock like feathers. He groaned at the sensation, making him thrust harder.
He could feel something in him winding tighter and tighter, and when Steve’s hand wrapped around his cock, it snapped, and he tipped over the edge, shuddering and moaning with it even as the alpha kept up his ministrations until he could no longer stand it.
He turned towards the sound of his name and saw his friend Janet waving to him. He walked across the room to join her. “Jan, you look incredible.”
Tony was sure he’d only been trying to be polite. He looked over at his wet clothes. He was in no state to go to a party anyway, so there was no point wallowing. Instead, he let his exhaustion take over as the room warmed up and fell asleep.
“I mean if he takes the call that’s on him. If you go to the murder woods, you can’t expect not to be murdered.”
Steve had told him he wouldn’t be home for dinner, but he’d be damned if anyone was given another opportunity to suggest he couldn’t take care of his alpha.
“Do you need a lint roller?” She blurted, grabbing the bag by the door and brandishing the twelve pack. Oh my god, she was actually ridiculous. She’d interned for a summer in Wakanda and conducted events with international diplomats with more finesse than in this exact moment.
“I guess we...watch it? Make sure it doesn’t wilt or whatever plants do. Otherwise you’ll be down a kidney I guess,” Steve said, with an impish grin that Tony refused to find charming. “But that’s fine, you know you only need -”
“I will destroy you,” Pierce growled as he tried to sweep the man’s leg from under him. “And when I am victorious, I will take Stark, and he will build weapons you can’t even comprehend. Hydra will rise.”
“One day I want to see more,” Tony said as they lay together, his head resting on Stíofán’s chest. “Have a life outside high walls. I’ve only known the cities, never quiet. But your home, your life before, seems so peaceful.”
Rhodey rubbed a hand over his chin. “You know, people would probably pay for that. Plenty of folks have cars that break down, appliances that don’t work like they used to. You could charge for the initial spell and charge for regular strengthening.”
There was a telltale rumble from the Sheriff’s stomach. Tony snorted while Steve giving him a sheepish look. “That sounds perfect.” Then his face dropped a little. “I forgot I used the cocoa to stop Hodge. Guess there won’t be any cake tonight.”
“You’ll have to try and talk to him later, he was very cute, and he seemed to like the look of you.”
He went first to the Sheriff’s office, heart still pounding in his chest, but it was dark inside. He growled, unsure where else to go. It was late, he didn’t know where to find the doctor, and he couldn’t wander the streets all night. There was a loud roar of laughter from down the street, and Tony gritted his teeth. It wasn’t proper for him to be in the saloon, especially at this time of night, and he hated to do anything that might embarrass the Sheriff, but there was no other option.
“You fight pretty good for a commoner,” Tony told him, and he meant it. The guy was tiny, and no muscle to speak of except his thighs which Tony assumed was the result of the bike. The fact that he managed not to be beaten to a pulp was pretty impressive.
Steve grinned. “Maybe you could let me take you to Coney Island, like I’ve been suggesting. And I’ll pay, since I’m meant to be learning a lesson.”
He frowned, adjusting the speed when suddenly the engine cut out and he had to hold steady as the bike rolled to a stop some ways down the road.
“Why are they landing in our town?” Tony demanded, and Steve saw the moment that Fury clocked him in the cafe.
Tony nodded eagerly, perhaps he could make up for the awkwardness by spending time together. “It would be nice to see my new home.”
“The boss’ plan is falling apart. I’d rather get the fuck out of here while I can. You want him alive, you better let me leave.”
He and Jarvis had set to work after breakfast. He swept out the dust and dirt, mopped the floors, and made the bed with fresh linens. He cheated a little as well, using a few of his mother’s best cleaning spells to clean the curtains and remove all the spiders from the nooks and crannies in the ceiling.
“So how are you settling in?” Wilson asked, taking a knife and using it to spread the butter thickly on the biscuit. “Steve was so pleased when you agreed to come here.”
“Pizza delivers,” J.J offered from a chair in the corner. “Nothing creepy about asking someone to drive out to the middle of nowhere.”
Tony smiled at him. “You’re welcome.” He grabbed the last bowl from the tray. “Livia in the kitchen said I could eat mine with you.”
“Yeah?” Tony took his bowl, placing it on the table beside them. “Do you want Papa to read a little more or are you ready for bed?”
Hodge nodded to the henchman, who dropped the dog and grinned. The man came over, taking Tony by the arm and tying his wrists behind his back. He led him over to the horses, and before Tony could do anything, he found himself airborne.
“I’m trying, Tony. Most of them only want it if they can charge an absurd amount for the appearance which we just don’t have in the budget, but I do have a nice lead on a three legged cat that saved an old person from drowning. I’ll do what I can, I promise, I’m calling in every favour I’ve got.”
Antonius hummed. “They do, though they like to keep us thin, so we don’t look greedy to potential matches. ‘Better to become fat as a matron, not a maiden’.”
“I have no doubt you will," Steve said, his smile reassuring. "But just don’t sweat it if you find it takes more time than you’re expecting.” Steve set his own plate down and picked up
They talked until late, Steve reluctantly leaving after he admitted he had to be up early to help with the fair. He messaged the details to Tony and with a wave - and a very reluctant to leave the warmth Dodger dragging on his leash - Steve headed home.
Stíofán rubbed a palm over the interested area. “Well, that is a shame.” He gave one more stroke to hear Tony’s caught breath and pulled his hand away.
He’d planned on taking Ana, but Peter was dead weight in his arms, and he knew that he was never going to be able to get him up on the horse. He’d take the cart, but the wheel had come loose last week, and they were still waiting on it to be fixed.
Tony was returning from the train station where he’d picked up a care package from Ana and Jarvis, along with several letters. It was heavy enough that he knew it carried at least one of his books, and the sweet, sugary smell told him it contained some of Ana’s homemade candy. He breathed in deeply, the scent reminding him of home, and for a moment there was a wave of homesickness.
“Well I was going to make us some boiled pork and greens, but that’ll take too much time now. I think we’ll just have johnnycakes and bacon, how’s that sound?”
.' His heart pounded as he opened his mouth to voice it, but before he could there was a shout from down the street.
“Stíofán! Up, you and the whore. Fury says he’s to help in the kitchens, and they’re preparing the morning meal.”
And when they went to bed that evening, Steve got to wrap his arm around him like always, enjoying the warmth of him in his arms. It was more than enough.
It was so quiet, Tony thought. There were birds chirping of course, and the faintest sound of trickling water that Tony assumed must be a stream of some sort, but it was so silent compared to back East. Tony didn’t think he’d ever had so much quiet just to hear every thought he had, and he felt a tenseness he didn’t even know he was carrying just fall away.
Steve’s face was flushed. “I liked it. You standing there, telling them I belonged to you. I liked it.”
“Glad you found the place,” Mr Barton said with a wide grin as he swung the heavy gate open to let him through. “Worried you might fly too far, end up two farms over.”
Life was tough, no mistaking it, but Tony got into a rhythm that filled his day, even if he was still trying to make friends or settle into the community itself.
“I could never be seen betting as the pastor’s omega, Mrs Jones,” Mr Murphy said haughtily. “But if I could, I’d call it easy money.”
“This way I can’t take up all the bed, and if I snore you can give me a nudge in the stomach,” the alpha said, sounding slightly breathless. “This alright?”
“Captain Rogers,” a man in a suit walked into the room and handed over something round and metallic. “The civilians are being cleared out. Also we found this downstairs. Figured you might like it back.”
He was so relaxed in fact, that he didn’t even see the danger that was lurking at the end of the path as it opened out onto the wide green space.
Dad looked at the bed. “You never know. That thing might have bedbugs.” He considered it for a moment then looked at Pops. “I knew we should’ve bought her a new one but you talked me out of it.” He pulled out his phone. “There’s a furniture place fifteen minutes from here, why don’t you--”
He awoke instead to a retching noise and sat up to find Tony bent over their water bowl, heaving up very little since he hadn’t had dinner. Stíofán moved quickly helping back to bed and taking the bowl out to the yard. He cleaned it out and refilled it with cool water.
He took in the scene quickly. Tony on the floor, Tiberius standing over him looking terrified. His eyes flitted up as Stíofán entered, the blood draining from his face. “I didn’t even touch him, I swear!”
“The meeting with Comms and design. They’re hiring a new designer for the StarkScan launch, part of the new medical line? We’ve got less than twelve months to finalise everything and you said you wanted a say.”
She thought they’d been clever, picking the same state but J.J was still 5 and a half hours drive away. He wouldn’t be there when she had a rough day or standing up for her when someone gave her a hard time for being an omega who dared to have opinions. No shoving each other when they watched horror movies or skipping rocks by the lake.
He paused as he looked at his shield. It would be less conspicuous to travel without it but the idea of leaving it behind made his chest tight.
Steve looked down at Hodge, trussed up, and gagged on the floor of the tent looking murderous. There was a large bruise on his forehead, a trickle of blood winding its way down his face.
“- one kidney to survive, yeah, she said that too. It’s not as reassuring as either of you think.” Tony looked at the plant again, sitting so innocently in its little terracotta pot. “Alright. Jarvis, get a live feed on this thing. Check humidity, soil acidity, leaf stiffness, the works. If the stats change by even a single point, I want to know about it.”
Pops swung the bag he carried over his shoulder onto the floor. “This is nice. And it looks like you beat your roommate here so I guess you get to choose your bed, munchkin.”
“I’m proud of you. You took care of our pup. You carried him to town when he needed help, and now the doc’s taking care of him. I’m sorry I wasn’t here.”
Also, they have a bunch more because Tony always forgets how much he hates morning sickness until it's too late because the kids are too cute.
He was right, a sword came swinging towards him and he intercepted it with the shield. It made a loud
Dad nodded his head. “Yeah of course. Course they are.” The paper was shaking slightly. He swallowed and looked at him. “Oh wow, Stanford. That’s- I can’t believe it. That’s- Oh I am so proud of both of you.”
Tony squeaked, head-turning urgently to stare as Stíofán went back for a second lick. The slick had an intoxicating flavour, and he began to kiss at the puckered skin as though it were lips.
The Deputy grinned. “She’ll be thrilled to meet you. I know she misses-- oh hell, what did you do, fall into a mud puddle?”
“Wonderful. Well, we must be off - my alpha is ever so busy protecting the town, you understand - but you Om's enjoy your day.” With one last flick of his fan, he pulled Steve away, and they continued towards the sheriff’s office.
Eventually, Steve leaned over to grab the novel they were reading. He opened it to the chapter they were on, his voice a deep rumble as he read.
They were soft, well cared for. Stíofán knew his own would feel rough by comparison, the skin dry and tanned by the sun. He wrapped his hand around the back of Antonius’ neck, feeling him shiver as he deepened the kiss. This was nice, Stíofán thought. Nice to have a touch that wasn’t a whip or the slash of a sword, or a hit during training. It felt intimate, in a way their coupling hadn’t. The doe seemed to like it, making an inquisitive sound as his tongue came to brush over Stíofán’s. Stíofán let him in, letting his other hand drift up and down Antonius’ arm. He deepened the kiss, feeling a thrill when Antonius’ moaned quietly into it, pleased the other enjoyed it as much as he did. The feeling relit the fires of his arousal, which surprised him. He had not been this easily riled since he’d been on the brink of manhood, but now he was raring to go.
But that was absurd thinking, brought on by the cold no doubt. Future Lords did not marry tutors, not outside of the romantic novels Steve was sometimes fond of and he knew it.
Steve nodded, looking downtown where he could see the top of the blob peeking out from behind the buildings. “It seems to be dissolving things, is it acidic in some way?”
Tony had quietened for a moment, deep in thought and Stíofán had felt guilty for his outburst. He hadn’t told Tony about the other part of his deal with Fury. He had the feeling that if Tony knew what happened on his death the doe would complain.
“Your deputy shows up before the rooster has even crowed to say you have to go take care of a band of ruffians, wanted for multiple murders - including lawmen - and I wait all day, and into the evening worrying since I’ve had no word. What kind of husband makes his omega sit around and fret that he might be dead and buried in a shallow grave out on the prairie somewhere?! So I trek all the way to town in the dark, on foot, because you never bothered to make sure I knew how to hitch the carriage or saddle the horse, to find out what’s become of you, terrified over whether I’m to speak to the doctor or the undertaker, only to find you drunk-” Tony looked behind the alpha, seeing a few men at the cardtables pulling some rather scantily dressed omegas into their laps and felt a cold feeling settle into the pit of his stomach, “and
And they had danced. Tony knew he shouldn’t have, that dancing with someone who could never be yours was like a form of self-flagellation. But he hadn’t been able to help himself. Rhodey often extended an invite to the local militia. If that soldier truly cared for Mr Rogers then he would be here, sweeping him off his feet.
Tony snorted. “Oh well if you’re the best, I can hardly say no.” Steve grinned and followed them down the hall to look through Peter’s books while Tony got the kid’s teeth brushed and face washed before wrestling him into his jammies.
The guy smiled, looking a little embarrassed. He had a pretty smile, Tony thought. “I don’t like bullies, and bullies don’t like it when you mouth off at them.”
Tony gave him a dirty look, biting his lip as Stíofán drove in again. Stíofán could almost see the sound trying to escape. He tilted his angle, and went again, harder still and this time Tony moaned.
“Nope,” Steve gasped as he pedalled, sweat dripping down his forehead. He’d insisted Tony sit on the seat in front, leaving Steve to balance on the pedals. At first it had been kind of sweet. Tony had been reminded of seeing the older kids in his town carting their sweethearts around, and he’d felt an odd rush at the idea that people might see them and think the same.
How about that. He’d stopped fixating on it, and it had happened. Steve was right, his big brain was one for brooding.
Pops snorted. “I just carried all your stuff up here, I’m not taking it back now just because you want to be one with nature and sleep in the mud.”
Steve showed Tony a few training tricks before bed, and Oscar was placed in his basket for sleep. If Tony maybe went and got him when he started to get upset in the middle of the night, he didn’t see the harm: there was plenty of room at the end of the bed.
The short drive to town was pleasant. The Sheriff made an effort to keep up conversation, pointing out birds and plants.
He was taken into the small back room of the saloon, the door pulled tightly behind them. Steve started to pull his belt from his waist, and Tony pressed himself against the wall, eyes squeezed shut, his face against the grain. It would hurt – Steve was big and strong – and he could feel himself starting to tremble.
“I’ve got work tomorrow till 4pm but if you want to come by after to work on your broom, I’ll be around,” Steve offered, rubbing the back of his neck.
Steve snorted, reaching out to take the corset from the omega. “Thank you kindly, Mr Murphy. We’ll dispose of that ourselves.”
“Shouldn’t you be doing your study?” He looked over at the bronze clock on the mantle. It was well past the luncheon break Peter usually took, normally he’d be back at his desk listening to his tutor, Mr Rogers.
“Hey!” Her dad grumbled, but he leaned into Pops as they stepped out into the hall. They gave her a final kiss each and then headed off towards the stairs.
“You think you’re the only one who ever had doubts? I used to worry about it all the time until I met Pepper, and then…” He sighed happily and Tony could practically see the hearts in his eyes.
As he walked the long line of the pen, he noticed one in particular. He was at the end, fleece black with white flecks. Stíofán could see ample thighs, and dainty hooves, and the suggestion of a shapely behind beneath the fabric he wore. Stíofán looked up from his perusal, finding himself looking into a pair of inquisitive eyes. The doe looked at him, ears flicking beneath dark curls. Stíofán felt desire pool in his belly. This one. This one he could imagine fighting for. He let himself imagine it, the faun baring himself to Stíofán in his cell, being able to mount him after a long day of fighting, and the sweeter side of having a bride, having someone to talk to, banishing the loneliness Stíofán usually felt as he dreamed of home. As he let himself look at the doe again, their tail flicked twice, and Stíofán had to focus so as not to embarrass himself. He let himself drink him in for just a moment more before he returned to the line. That doe would be his. He swore it.
“What are you doing?” Tony asked, confused. Perhaps the sheriff was going to smuggle it outside in pieces to give to the pigs.
Thanks very much to MountainRose who was my science beta 💖 the verdict was 'That's not how acids work irl' but that I could definitely do it XD
“Just because some of the village resents your roman whore doesn’t mean you have to show off by filling me to bursting,” Tony huffed then shoved his face back down into the bedding to muffle his cries.
It was very nice, if a little too wet for his liking - he’d heard other omegas complain that alphas always used too much tongue unless you taught them otherwise, and so he worked on drawing back a bit, showing the alpha what he liked and feeling pleased when the Sheriff matched him. This was very nice.
“Slow, but that’s my fault.” She sighed dramatically. “I’m too much of a perfectionist. But what I can tell you is that stripes will be big.”
- ordering an americano and a tasty looking doughnut before settling at a table in the corner with his laptop. He’d had an idea for a replacement wing for birds who had lost theirs in an accident or a fight, that was light enough to keep them aerodynamic.
“What’s all the fuss about?” Tony called as he walked in the room and turned on the coffee machine. “Thor beat you at MarioKart again?”
“It’s fine, just a scratch,” Stíofán said, but let Tony dab it away. Then it dawned on him what he’d just done.
Steve wasn’t sure how to say no, and really what was the harm? He gave Edwin his number, and let the man enter his own.
“Your father owed me weapons. If I have to take my pound of flesh from the son instead I will,” Pierce growled, and his attention was on Tony for just long enough for the man in blue to land a solid punch to Pierce’s jaw, knocking him to the floor.
Rhodey asked Friday politely to open the drawer, and the till did so, dinging happily. Steve’s eyes widened.
“Amazing! I rode it over here to test it, and it was great.” He looked at Tony. “But I bet with a little boost she could be even better.”
Maria stepped back into her room, a smile blooming on her face. She thought maybe she understood a bit more what Carol was on about.
Steve’s thoughts were so far from propriety he could do nothing but nod. All he could think about was Mr Stark’s touch, his strong arms holding him and the thud of his heartbeat under his ear. How he wished that they could do this in other circumstances, perhaps in the drawing-room after dinner, in front of the fire as Mr Stark read aloud for them both.
Tony snorted. “You got me. But I’m sure he’d love to hear them anyway.” He looked at Steve. “Take a breather with John, hmm? I’ll do the rounds.”
“It’s a shame the sheriff shopped out of town,” a man with sandy hair was saying, “instead of picking someone from the community who could actually care for him. I mean have you seen his shirts? Half of them are threadbare, and the other day I came across him patching holes in his socks when I passed his office.”
A wave of acknowledgment, and Steve led Tony to the horse, helping him up before climbing on behind him.
As Bucky slipped into the passenger seat, a man turned in the driver’s seat and Tony realised it was Mr Dorito Artist himself, Steve Rogers.
“Captain,” Tony corrected with a tone that sounded like he couldn’t care less, but somehow carried such a threat of danger that it made heat burst in Steve’s belly.
“No! I want a story from Steve,” Peter complained, wiggling excitedly. “He can read Clifford! It’s about dogs.”
“You’re dying to bleat aren’t you? But you can’t, you just have to take what I give you and keep quiet. Letting your big barbarian buck mount you and fill you so you can give me some more of the finest looking kids in the village. You look gorgeous when you’re carrying, like a fire’s been lit up inside you and I get to know it’s because of me.” His own whispered words were pushing him closer to the edge and he slid one arm underneath Tony’s chest to hold him close as one hand drifted down to squeeze a furred cheek. “Gorgeous.”
“Who else could I ask? You’ve seen me as skinny Steve Rogers who couldn’t get a date to save his life, you saw me when I ate those bad rations in those woods in France and didn’t realise the way the serum protects me is by
He told her about his trip, avoiding any of the sadder parts of it, and focusing on the things that had managed to bring a smile to his face instead of a painful memory.
“Really? That would be great.” Dodger’s sweet nature had put Tony at ease, and he was reluctant to let Peter spend time with just any dog. The thought made him feel a little anxious. “He’s a good boy.” Dodger clearly knew the magic words because he loped over pushing his head into Tony’s hand. Tony laughed. Stroking over his head and back. “He knows when he’s being talked about huh?”
“Don’t worry, I got you.” And then Tony was airborne, cradled in Steve’s arms as the man carried him towards the fair. Tony could feel the heat rising in his cheeks.
Tony whimpered and Stíofán kissed him, rubbing himself against Tony leisurely, just enjoying the sensation even as Tony wriggled beneath him.
Steve smiled. “Can I assume, then, that maybe now that you know my dark secret, that maybe we could...try again? I miss you Tony.”
“Probably best you didn’t. Not sure the lawyers would be pleased if I cracked some guy’s rib by squashing him,” Tony said, trying to lighten the mood.
Stíofán looked at his wine, feeling a little less in good spirits. “It means I win, no matter the outcome. I have a letter for you, I paid for one of the scribes to write it. It tells you how to get to my village, and there’s a message for my ma, she’ll take you in.”
That had turned out to be an understatement. Antonius had scoffed the bowl back before Stíofán had taken even a few mouthfuls, and in the end, he’d eaten just half his own before passing the rest to the doe.
Tony’s eyes went wide. “Either way, what do you-- even if you die, that’s what you did. You moron, is that why you agreed to do the challenge?”
When Steve’s eyes fluttered open and he was greeted with Tony’s delighted face, he huffed. “Not a word.”
The park was fairly quiet, far from the bustle of the summer months. As they walked through a wooded area, Peter pointed out rocks and plants and Tony did his best to answer questions, but really biology wasn’t his specialty.
“Woah,” Stíofán yelped, catching him deftly. He was glad of extra muscle he’d gained on the journey, or he had no doubt he’d be in the dirt. “Quite an introduction sweetheart.”
As he hit the city limits, he was grateful to find the town auto repair shop was close to the edge of town. He pushed the bike onto the drive and rolled it through the big open doors.
“I hear giggling and no sleeping,” Tony said as he pushed back the furs at the entrance to the house.
Rhodey made him stay put until Sam returned, watching him eat a bowl of oatmeal before he was allowed to leave.
Sam hesitated a moment, and then he nodded. “More than, actually. We've been corresponding with an orphanage in San Francisco: two little omega girls, sisters. Still working out the details, but soon, yeah. We’ll have a couple of rugrats.”
Eventually, eyelids fluttered, and the doe blinked, pushing himself up as he came to. He looked around and then looked at Stíofán, eyes wide. “Oh.”
He tried to clean, but his mind kept wandering to the worst-case scenario. Why had he not thought about the fact that being Sheriff meant his alpha might be shot at?! It had all sounded so romantic before, but now the harsh reality was making itself very clear.
“I knew that damn airship was nothing but trouble,” Phillips grumbled. “What’s wrong with a sensible plane or a damn truck?”
“You are my friend,” S’Teve told him again, and he felt a pang in his stomach as Tony’s eyes seemed to dim. “But I also feel more strongly for you than anyone else. I felt… hurt, when it seemed like you did not consider me an option, even though I did not truly comprehend why at the time. I wanted you to think of us that way.”
“Steve!” he shouted as he got closer, and when Steve’s head snapped to look at him, all he could see was relief.
“You know I could probably help you out,” Steve offered, looking at the men. “Seems to me I could probably use ropes and the bike and get it done.”
Steve shook his head. “No, I— I’m new to the city, I don’t really know anyone yet. I’m still getting used to things.”
Tony tried not to react. His grandpa had told him stories about Steve’s luck with the ladies, and well, he’d always suspected. “It’s not a problem. Nice and slow. This is meant to be fun, right?”
Doc Bruce shook his head sternly. “No, of course not. Peter’s a healthy pup. He just caught an illness like anyone else.” He gave Steve a pointed look. “It’s no one’s fault, Steve.”
Peter had complained about a headache, and the back of his throat was red and swollen. His temperature hadn’t abated either, which was the real red flag. Tony couldn’t just sit there and do nothing.
“Yes. You can.” Rhodey told him firmly. “Come on, this is our year. We’re finally doing so well, this is the time to take a shot at something outside of work. And there he is! Your literal dream guy, if the moans I used to hear through the wall is anything to go by. “
“I don’t know!” Rhodey yelled, looking freaked. “Why would they give him the same name? They could name a clone anything they want!”
“Stay on the ground from now on please?” Stíofán told him, giving him a nuzzle. “If you faint while you’re high up you could hurt yourself.”
Of course he knew some of his friends would roll their eyes when they heard that. But it felt that way to him.
Steve swallowed, looking at the floor as he felt his eyes get hot. Readjust. He’d heard that a lot since he’d woken up. Like he would just wake up one day and be fine with the fact that everyone he knew was dead, the woman he thought he might marry one day didn’t know who he was, and that he was missing the decades of context he would need to make sense of this place.
“And now,” Steve was finding it hard to get the words out, his voice raspy.  “Now I’m going to be able to take you around town, all the other alphas seeing you and near dying with jealousy, because they know I’m the one who you spread your beautiful shapely legs for.”
“I had been looking forward to that sandwich the whole drive,” Edwin complained, goodnaturedly. “And you and Tony just stood there and laughed at me, being no help at all.”
At one point, he even agreed to assist with some work in one of the Jeffries tubes when he’d discovered Tony’s plan to ambush him in the commissary. He’d managed to change his shift so that they were on opposite sleep cycles for the next few days, hopefully just long enough for Tony to forget their conversation and become distracted with a new engineering problem. Based on past experience, it should only take between twenty-seven to twenty-nine hours for that to occur, but S’Teve was covering all contingencies.
How he managed to make it to the bar without tripping over his feet, Tony would never know, but he sidled up beside Captain Rogers at the bar and cleared his throat. “Hi.”
There was a loud rumble as the crowd around them began to clap, delighted by the rescue. They were smiles and pats on both their shoulders as Steve held him up, an arm around his waist.
“Hey now,” Steve’s voice said, coming from somewhere above the wound, but Tony couldn’t stop staring at it. “It’s alright.”
He looked up to see Doc Bruce in the doorway and gave him a nod. The doctor noticed Tony and dropped his voice to a low murmur. “He’s been up since last night. Stress.”
And perhaps the man had been the focus of Tony’s visit to the room where Peter took his lessons, if he were honest, and maybe he’d brought with him a book he knew Mr Rogers would enjoy simply to watch his eyes light up in happiness.
“I can,” and Tony realised it was the kind omega who helped run the general store. “I’ll be quick as anything.”
“Planty,” Steve gasped and Tony’s mouth dropped open when Steve reached up to unfasten the baby bjorn, pushing it out from underneath him. Slightly battered leaves stuck out the top of it and Tony grabbed it with shaking hands.
“Why do you even have an iron baby bjorn?” Sam yelled over the comms as they flew towards the doombots attacking the base of the tower.
Steve hissed a little, and at first Tony thought it was pain, but then out of the corner of his eye he noticed a slight rise in the covers.
“Finally found your place hmm, pretty thing?” Hodges asked, breath heavy with the smell of liquor. “Willing to take my money now?”
“Uh,” he said intelligently, and Steve started stammering apologies, his cheeks almost as red as Tony’s.
It was a simple system of disqualification, the winner went on to the next round until one remained.
Tony glared at him. “I can do many things, and if you’re doing this, you better get used to being surprised. I have plans.”
The sheriff was adamant about keeping his promise, and once regular riding lessons were established, next came first aid for living in rural California and, to Tony’s surprise and delight, handling a rifle.
Clint’s wife Laura had eventually waved them inside, offering tea and snacks. She’d grown up in a town not far from Tony’s, as it turned out, so he’d lost track of time swapping stories with her. It was nice, really nice. It made him feel like he was at home, but somehow nicer, since it felt like he really was a full-grown witch, out seeing clients and making friends in his new town.
“Yeah we don’t get too many customers. Also our sign fell over so no one knows we’re here.” He picked up a carton of french fries. “You want one?”
Tony gave him a smile but didn’t say anything. He appreciated people were always trying to make him feel better, but like he’d said to Rhodey, it was easy when you were already disgustingly happy.
“Get him to the doctor!” Deputy Barnes shouted, and suddenly Steve was being picked up by several alphas and taken down the street towards the house on the corner.
Behind there was a click like the sound of a lock, and a squeak and then a gasp. Tony’s eyes snapped open and he turned around, coming face to face with a very surprised Steve Rogers.
The cafe was quiet, the morning rush over and only a few patrons scattered across the tables. So he heard the footsteps as someone approached him and he slowly opened his eyes to see Steve standing in front of him, brandishing a mug of coffee.
Stíofán let him slide down until he was at the perfect height to kiss and Tony moaned into it for a moment before he slapped a hand on Stíofán’ shoulder. “Hey! None of that!”
Steve’s thrusts were going wild now, and Tony knew he’d hit a mark. “Come on, Steve, knot me. I want it, please.” His own pleasure was nearly at its peak and he needed it, just a little more-
“Oh wow.” That hadn’t come up in the lessons from SHIELD. Too much focus on military history. “I didn’t know that.”
Eventually he heard the creak of the bedroom door and he tensed. He was feeling jittery with anticipation, and as the alpha slid beneath the covers, he waited for the feel of the Sheriff’s hands on him letting him know he wanted to claim him. The lamp dimmed until it was off, and he felt a tendril of anticipation through his belly.
He was ambling back when he heard the telltale sound of a gunshot. That alone was not necessarily a cause for concern, but when he heard more and realised where they were coming from, he started to run.
They rode into town around dusk, covered in the dirt and dust of the ride and feeling the ache of too many hours on horseback.
The last one in particular hurt since he had woken up post-heat alone, with no signs Tony had been anywhere near his room since he’d left him there.
“I bet you thought you’d be getting someone more skilled in keeping house when you answered my advertisement,” Tony mumbled as he helped himself to the bread.
Eventually, the hall began to fill with the other gladiators. Many of them took seats at the same table as Stíofán. Most of them were fine, and Stíofán got on with them well, but a couple had always rubbed him the wrong way, and he knew they resented him for working so hard to earn money, sometimes at their expense.
They stood looking for a time, chatting and watching the dirigible bob in the air. As the sun began to dip behind the hills and the temperature started to drop, Steve suggested they head back. The journey was easier this time, and soon he was dropping Tony off outside the bakery.
He gave Rhodey and Darcy a weak smile as he headed towards the door, following Coulson out. The sound of the blades grew louder as he stepped onto the street.
“I just don’t want you to make the mistakes I made. I got pregnant because I got betrayed by someone I trusted. And while now I can’t say I regret it - I got two amazing, talented kids and an alpha that respects and loves me and I got to do more with my career than I ever would have on my own – I got lucky. I got so, so lucky. If your grandmother hadn’t left me this place, or some other omega had realised how great your pops was before I got here, my life, your life, would’ve been very different. So while it worked out for me, and I’m so happy it did, I just want to be sure you’re going to be careful and that you get to make your own decisions with your life and not have it decided for you.”
There were no lights but the stars and his lantern, and it made the short trek seem like an age. He near jumped out of his skin at every sound, and he wasn’t embarrassed to admit that once he saw the lights for the town, he made for the outskirts at a near run.
“I know you can. You’re strong, smart, and not once in your life have you ever let anyone tell you you can’t do something.” He chuckled. “Remember when that coach tried to tell you an omega couldn’t play on the soccer team? I don’t think I’ve ever seen a grown alpha cowed by an eleven-year-old. Sam still has the video.” He sat down next to her on the couch and tucked her up against him. “I just know there are some assholes out there. Alphas will undermine you, speak over you, say that being an omega means your work isn’t worth as much as theirs. And I hate to think of you facing them without us to back you up.”
“He just thought, what do you get the guy who has everything? And I promise this is one of a kind,” Bucky offered.
Jarvis had also made friends with the neighbours’ cat, a fluffy gal called Ana, so Tony didn’t have to feel guilty about him being stuck in the workshop.
The launch had been a total success, and he couldn’t be happier. Hell, Pepper, wonderful Pepper and her tenacity had gotten him a photo of him shaking hands with Taylor Swift while she cuddled with Alpine and showed off her Stark Cat Prosthetic.
Tony snorted. “I see the wine has made you cocky.” He put a hand behind him and then Stíofán felt pressure on his dick and sighed as he slipped inside.
and Tony had thinned the herd until he was left with just one Steven G. Rogers, Sheriff. He seemed sweet – funny, which was often hard to do in writing – and had his own home and respectable position in the town of Brooklyn Junction. Tony’s advertisement had been clear that his expectation was marriage, and the Sheriff had been on board with the idea from the start.
“Yes!” Peter squealed, running over to take it. He turned and threw it clumsily, Dodger darting the few metres over to it dutifully though it was hardly a challenge. Steve laughed, and Tony tried not to stare.
“And if I stay, I’ll end up married to one of the Stones, or the Stanes or any of the other awful, vacuous families in this neighbourhood. The eldest Stane, he’s twice my age for lord's sake. And he’s been...giving me
He rolled up the sleeves of his robe, putting his hands on the bike, and letting the magic pulse through the frame and through the engine. He imbued it slightly with his worry for Steve’s safety when riding, and he could feel the magic give a positive response as he did so, leaving him relieved. Whatever happened, this bike wouldn’t be a threat to Steve.
“I’m sure you are! I never meant to cast aspersions on your relationship. Whatever you do I’m sure works for you both. And not every couple needs to have children after all.”
Steve snorted. “Yeah so I heard. I didn’t realise it was a partnership though.” He gave Luis a raised eyebrow and the man gave him a sheepish smile.
“I want that too,” Stíofán told him, his voice rough. “And gods willing I will be. But I had to be sure. You’ll be safe, I can go into the arena knowing that.”
“True enough.” Steve looked down at the bowls. “What say I clean this up, and if you like I can read to you a little before bed? I have a new novel I’ve been saving for when you came.”
“He probably thinks he’s in heaven. This is way warmer than my place, and he’s like a cat when it comes to warm spots.”
Then the loop of the chain fell free of its leg. It stopped, looking down at it, making a confused rumble. It walked backwards, realising it could, and looked back at Stíofán.
She snorted. “I’m going to remember this when you get a call from the college because I put some jock alpha in his place.”
Tony snorted. “It’s killing you not to ask isn’t it? Fuck it, no reason you can’t know, not like the papers didn’t cover it well enough.” He continued petting Jemison for a moment, before saying, “my father and I didn’t get on.”
“Ah, my new apprentice,” Rhodey announced, looking pleased. “Already stacking his first loaves. I’m so proud.” He pretended to wipe a tear and Tony laughed, relieved with how easy both men made it for him to slot into their life. “How about I show you how to work the till?”
“I mean, you know this already. It's just the last month or so since his last heat, he's been more down on it than usual. He hasn’t said anything specific, but I think it's 'cause he got a letter from Pepper letting him know they're expecting their third. Hit him hard.” Steve sighed. “I don't know how to make him feel better. I'd love another, but if we never did, I'd be happy with what I've been given and grateful for every moment I have with them. I think he sees it as a failure.”
“You will cross the pit, battle some of the best fighters in Rome, and defeat the manticore, claiming a feather from its wing. Begin!”
“He has been kind to me and found me my mate, I owe him,” Stíofán said, trying to sell it. He didn’t want anyone to think he knew anything of Fury’s plans.
“I’ll handle it. Come on, come sit down a second.” He started leading Tony over to his chair before realising he didn’t even want him in the same room as the guy. Instead he tugged Tony through the connecting door to the cafe, noticing Rhodey clock them as soon as they entered.
But before Peter could get near it, a flash of gold fur jumped in front of him, growling and barking.
“I don’t want to hear it.” He stepped back even as Steve reached for him, just feeling so tired. “I love you, but I can’t be with someone I can’t trust. I’ve been burned too many times before.”
Tony pushed back the tinge of sadness that thought held. No, he was lucky. And having his family visit would be more than enough. He added it to his mental list to broach sometime in the future.
“Yes Captain,” came the reply, and a moment later, the lights came on, flooding the room in a yellow glow.
He felt Tony nod against him, and he moved towards the chair and sat them down. He held Tony tight as he reached out to brush his fingers over the pup’s hand, surprised by the heat he felt coming off him.
“Oh? How interesting,” Tony said casually, sipping his own drink. The bartender was making her way over now, face like thunder.
“Yeah,” Tony snorted. “But uh, I have to assume, based on how keen you were to scent me at the gala, that I don’t have to worry about whether you’re into me.”
“Your gods did not smile on you today, Ivor,” Stíofán said, trying not to sound too smug, but by the sour look on the other Satyr’s face, he didn’t manage it.
“Carol left us some water to freshen up and said she’d bring up some breakfast. Then we can go on over and visit, alright?”
He pinched his cheeks for colour, dabbed a little scent behind his ears and moved the lamp closer to the bed to create a warm glow.
“‘Course,” Steve rasped. “I had scarlet fever as a kid, when my health was poorly. I nearly died because I was so weak. Did I pass that on to him? Is this my fault?”
“And you haven’t?” she said challengingly. “Talking about searching for adventure and fighting bears and god knows what, instead of thinking about settling down with someone sensible?”
He’d been hiding for so long that when his secret was finally revealed, Steve hadn’t seen it coming.
It continued, and Tony didn’t seem to be getting better. Stíofán started to fret, wondering about fetching the doctor but when he suggested it, Tony shook his head.
A kid. His kid, his and Tony’s. And he should’ve seen this coming, it was an obvious outcome of their mating, but Stíofán honestly hadn’t. Now there was a little life inside Tony relying on Stíofán to provide for it, and…
“The little pup realised that you can’t get good TV in the woods,” Maria told him, rolling her eyes. “Or pizza.”
Tony pointed at the office. “Oh, I just have a small trunk. The man in the ticket office said he’d hold onto it until I could get someone to assist me.”
Tony had been frozen, so sure Steve was going to get punched. But something in his expression must’ve rattled the guy because instead of knocking Steve’s lights out, he opened his wallet, threw a handful of notes on the table, and left without another word.
“Dad! He won’t let me take the ball!” An indignant voice cut through and Tony looked to see an equally indignant face looking at them.
He let Stíofán set him to rights, tidying his shift and making him look presentable. “We can do it whenever you want.”
The door opened to reveal Deputy Wilson, who smiled when he realised who was standing at the door. “Mr Rogers! To what do we owe the pleasure?”
“That’s what I thought.” And with that Tony turned and stormed away. His anger was clearly defined in his taut muscles, but Steve couldn’t help but notice the rather flattering effect it had on his behind. He sighed, he probably ruined his chances there for tonight.
Tony handed him the address and Steve smiled. “This is the place. Sam must’ve sent something for me.”
Steve groaned as they dismounted, hearing Sam’s near-matching grunt as his boots hit the dirt. “I swear, next time Phillips can chase outlaws on his own.”
He raised his sword, slashing it against the buck’s arm, dodging a return strike. He could smell the fight on him, the satyr was not going down without a fight. Ivor was large and Stíofán could use that to his advantage. The next time Ivor went for him, he dashed to the side, jumping up to wrap his arms around the other satyr’s neck. He let himself go limp, his weight dragging the other down to the ground, with a heavy thud.
Tony smiled, feeling a pang of unease. Were they going to be like the others? “That’s right. I’m Tony.”
“I’m afraid I don’t have the time. I’m on a very busy schedule, so what I need is what your father promised me a long time ago,” he smiled, wide and dangerous. “An arsenal.”
He felt a hot flush of shame. That wasn’t supposed to be possible. Alphas wanted it all the time: everyone knew that. They’d try anything to get it. And most of his friends who had married had been with child within the first few months of their marriage. But somehow, he’d failed.
“I’m always here to see you,” Steve grinned. “Just this time I’m also here to visit the All-Powerful Witch of the Machines.”
Tony looked at him for a moment with a sharp gaze but then his shoulders relaxed and he huffed. “It’s ok, you weren’t to know. I am that Stark, but I don’t have anything to do with the family business anymore.”
“You better work or I’m donating you to a school janitor!” He told it as he rushed outside, mounting it quickly. He focused his breathing, letting the magic flow through him and into the metal insides of the broom. “Come on, you--”
When Tony had to return to the shop, Steve reluctantly put the kittens back in the playroom. Their antics had cheered him up alot, leaving him feeling lighter, not so dragged down by the heavy weight he’d been carrying. It was like taking a breath after being underwater.
“Let me.” Tony got up, grabbing a cloth and basin from the table by the door. Steve opened his mouth to protest, but Tony shushed him, putting them down on the bed beside them. He brushed the wet cloth over a few scrapes on Steve’s neck. “Seems like you’ve been through the wars.”
Steve turned around, tilting the pot he was heating. “Nothing too fancy. I figured it’d be a big day so we’d want something easy. It’s just a beef stew.”
When Steve looked up, there was the telltale glint of tears in his eyes. “I am. I’m-- I’m pleased as punch, I really am. If there were ever a sign I’m making the right choice, this little ‘un is it.”
“The Sheriff has humiliated me and made me spend thirty days in one of the most miserable holes I’ve ever seen. I think it's time he and I
“Please,” Tony said, his voice taking on a pleading tone. He didn’t want to hear it or have excuses made for him. He was so embarrassed.
“Uh, hi,” Maria stuttered. The girl in front of her had dark hair and dark eyes and a lovely smile. She was beautiful.
“Yeah. Just, um, looks like he can’t get it fixed today. Needs more time and I’ll have to check in with him in the morning.” He tried not to feel relieved. This wasn’t his fault. If he had to stay, he had to stay, it was out of his hands. And maybe Tony wouldn’t mind if he came by tomorrow for a visit.
Stíofán snorted. “Best hold your tongue, or I might be tempted to show you just what a beast I am. You know they call my people savages don’t you?”
Steve snorted, and then they were both laughing, curled up together, and it took Tony a moment to realise there was something begging for attention against his thigh. Steve tensed as Tony shifted back.
“Come on baby, you can do it,” he told the broom, and he could feel it trying to overcome the forces working against them.
He stuck his nose in the air and grabbed two of the empty trays and slipped out into the kitchen. He could hear the low murmur of Rhodey talking to Steve as he left but he ignored it. Good riddance.
“Are you undertaking a courtship with anyone?” S’Teve said, surprising himself almost as much as Tony, if the expression on his face was anything to go by.
Steve had gotten up then and stood toe to toe with the guy, hand clamped on his shoulder, as he’d growled, “Because if you don’t throw down at least a twenty right now, I’ll toss you out on your ass.”
The sheriff didn’t seem too concerned, however, so Tony tried to push it from his mind. He focused on the kissing, trying to mimic the rhythm and movements.
“I’m not blaming you, it’s not your fault, we’re just fucked. I can’t believe the three-legged hero cat chose Jimmy Fallon over us!”
She rolled her eyes, brandishing the package. “I can just buy a cheap lint roller if that happens. I don’t need twelve of them!”
That was very strange. If Peter was correct, then Mr Rogers had been on his walk for more than two hours. Tony couldn’t for the life of him work out why he would plan such a long constitutional when he knew Peter would be waiting for his afternoon lesson.
Stíofán pretended to think for a moment before he rolled them over, wrapping a hand around Tony’s cock and worshipping him with his hand and mouth until he spilled again, his cries muffled by a kiss.
“Looks like it. I’m glad, it’ll be nice to see you again.” Steve’s smile faltered and he looked embarrassed. “Not that we’ll be hanging out, I just meant maybe in a context where I’m not on top of you.” He went redder. “Oh god, I mean—“
anything here, didn’t have to pretend anything, he was just a guy with his bike. Now he had to go out and put the mask back on. He gave Sam his number, and took directions to the main stretch of shops a few minutes walk away.
Steve’s jaw dropped. “I was the jerk? You were the one who stepped in to ‘help’ and then used it as an opportunity to insult me.”
“You…” He swallowed hard. “You took that hit for the fucking plant? Are you actually insane? Why would you do that?”
“If you don’t go, I will actually make a scene. I’ll stand up, wave my arms, cluck like a chicken, there is no way America’s Ass over there won’t notice.”
Eventually, it was time, and the sheriff shifted with purpose, moving up to rest a strong arm near Tony’s head. His hand brushed along the top of the gown. “May I?”
“Tony, ten minutes is serious. Especially if you stayed calm and clear headed the whole time. What did you do?” What had he done? He tried to remember. “Breathing. I starting to count when I noticed my heart rate spiking. I still felt like throwing up but like you said – progress is progress.” This earned him a smile.
He focuses on the firmness of her hand in order to finish the speech he had spent the night working on. “I have learned a lot in my time away and I hope that I continue to learn as time goes on. I make no promises to future public appearances or to making a habit of making my relationships as public as they used to be. My focus now, is to make this company the best possible version of itself while maintaining my sanity.”
He almost mentions totaling a third of it just to thank them for their respect. They’ll talk later though. Just like the good old days.
His fists clench under the table. His nails biting into the skin on his palms just enough to ground him. “Despite what you may believe considering our past together, I didn’t say yes to your invitation because you extended it. I came to tell you that there’s no point in even attempting a friendship with me.”
“You came.” There’s no surprise in his voice – Tony’s only partially sure that plays into his suddenly decreased level of comfort.
“Pepper, the day you ask for too much will be the day I die.” Her expression softens at his comment. It says a lot that he can mention his death so casually, at all even.
There was absolutely nothing like having someone care enough to tighten the scarf around your neck and make sure all the buttons on your wool pea-coat are done up. Pepper made him feel like a child in the best of ways. “Are you sure you’ll be alright on your own?”
There was a hand on his forearm, the grip tight. This was definitely not something he wanted. “Tony.” He couldn’t breathe at the pained sound that was his ex’s voice. “Let. Go.”
“Ms. Romanov has a point.” All attention is on an intern that runs the company's social media. Tony surprises himself with that knowledge. “You were Tony Stark: genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist. It’s been six months. With or without a serious partner by your side, who are you now?” It’s the boy who finally asks the million dollar question.
It took another few days for the media circus to die down. Tony hadn’t heard from Steve again. Nothing but the look of pride Pepper threw his way every time they ran into each other. It was freeing having that weight lifted off of his shoulders. There was just one more thing that needed to be done before the year ended. What better place than his own sobriety party where everyone he needed was present. “Dr. Banner, I’d like to speak with you.”
Leave it to Pepper Rogers to already have a plan in place. “Yes, Ma’am. I’ll be there.” He hung up the phone and joined Jarvis on the couch.
“We have got to stop meeting like this.” The blonde’s smile was just as blinding as he remembered. Possibly even more so.
He’s gone off to tinker in the workshop while Pepper unpacks for the night and Jarvis does whatever Jarvis tends to do during times like these. He’s never asked, maybe he should. It’s closer to midnight when he finally decides to join them for the evening but catches them in the middle of a conversation.
“You know, when you didn’t say anything after I asked for a penthouse sweet on the strip I thought I had found your limit. Now I see that you were just stuck in that brilliant head of yours.” She hadn’t change a bit. Looking up at her through the rolled down driver’s side window he could remember exactly why he had thought she was the most beautiful creature on the planet all those years ago.
He clears his throat and hopes that the part of him that’s used to this circus is just hibernating, not completely gone like the less favorable parts of his personality. “I have been told from a young age to ignore what tabloids publish about the Stark name. I brought you here today –“ He coughs. ”My assistant brought you here today…” There’s laughter from his audience and he relaxes. “Because I cannot brush off the most recent headline.”
Stepping in as their glasses clink together he knows he doesn’t need anyone else in his life but the people in this room.
He was familiar with Pepper and knew Tony loved her to pieces. “Yes, though he wasn’t extremely forthcoming on the circumstances in which that message was received.” Tony cleared his through. There was no hiding anything from the younger Rogers sibling, not after years of knowing each other.
Tony leaned back into the chair he was seated in. Of course Jarvis had updated Banner. There was never any way around that.
“Anything in particular driving your mind to push itself today?” Tony sighed. “I could lie.” The other man nodded knowing that whatever was said next would be nothing short of the truth.
