Claire starts the car, pulling out of her pseudo hiding spot, she crosses the parking lot swiftly and they ride out the gates. Under his breath, Jack murmurs a goodbye.
Dean nodded, Jack threw himself onto the couch, wrapping Dean in gangly arms like a child. He groaned underneath the kid; his phone pressed between them. Sam’s laughter echoed through the tinny speaker
Jack struggles underneath her to get up, he grunts as she holds him in place. “You could have called.”
"What?!" Dean all but shouted "Listen here asshat, you shouldn't be playing bagpipe at six in the fu-"
The words settle around the empty hall, Claire looks down at the bracelets lining her wrist, moving them back and forth nervously.
"Oh, sorry you got the wrong number, See I thought you might be my brother but really you're just an ass." Sam grinned as Dean's laugh echoed through the phone
"Actually could you do me a favor and give this to him?" He handed him the little strip of legal pad paper
Cas shoved a pillow under Dean’s feet and arranged the bag of frozen peas on the most swollen part of Dean’s ankle. “You are immensely frustrating,” he told him with that same clipped tone he always used when he chewed Dean out. “You could have just asked me to heal it.”
“Oh yeah?” Jade refills his shot glass after Dean empties it again. He should slow down, but she’s got a light pour, and what’s the point, anyway? He wanted to get drunk. Now he’s getting drunk. “Trouble in paradise with your buddy?”
“...Dude.” Dean’s hand slides out of Cas’s hair and lands on his shoulder. “You wanna elaborate on that?”
It’s Cas’s turn to drive, so Dean takes a second to stretch his legs properly while Cas gets settled in the car, pacing around to the trailer Sam parked crooked in the restaurant lot. He checks on their stuff, opening the back to make sure it’s all strapped down securely, just looking for one last thing to do before he’s trapped in a car with Cas for another three hours.
The way Sam rubs up and down Cas’s back in comfort is so obviously not something Dean is supposed to see that his mouth tastes bitter at the sight. Cas’s grip on Sam’s sleeve is white-knuckled. Sam looks over Cas’s shoulder to meet Dean’s eyes, worried, helpless.
This is what Dean knows: he never had a best friend until Cas. He’s got Sam, but that’s family, that’s a given; Cas keeps choosing him, over and over, no matter how many times fate or God or Dean himself pushes him away. If asked in his youth, this is not what Dean would have pictured his best friend being like, ancient and weird and objectively kind of funky looking, baffled by television and sarcasm and far too earnest as a default setting. He doesn’t get Dean’s references and his jokes are so strange, on the rare occasions they land, and his poker face is so obscenely bad it circles back around again to being impressive. His idea of a fashion upgrade is swapping out his trench coat for cargo shorts.
“Yo, Farmer Brown,” Dean calls out, screen door slamming behind himself as he strides outside. “What the fuck is going on out here?”
He sees Cas’s reflection in the glass, too, the way he tilts his head to the side the same way he’s always done when he looks right back, unreadable and still familiar all the same. Dean smiles at the glass. Cas glances away, the corner of his mouth tipped up in response.
Screw that. Cas isn’t his minder. Dean’s a grown man, if he wants to get plastered at three, he can fucking do that.
He dusts his hands off on his jeans when he stands up, looking over his work with a critical eye. The list of things he knows Cas likes is a short and weird one: bees and jelly, Beyoncé and Lizzo, untranslated ancient poetry in their original languages, clothes with pockets, and Dean. Well, Dean already bought him cargo shorts and jelly, and he puts the radio on for him while they drive with minimal complaint — he can give him this as well. He can give him bees to watch in his garden.
This time, he’s determined to at least make an overture at going on the offensive. The room is still spinning, so Dean locks onto Cas, onto the blues of his eyes, hoping the concentration will keep him upright this time.
Dean has just enough time to hear Cas’s offended inhalation before he shuts his car door and cringes internally. He’s careful not to make eye contact with Jam Guy on the way back to the jewelry stall, and pays for his ring with a terrible mood churning in his gut.
Dean remembers taking Anna to find her grace again, her small hand fitted up against the trunk of that enormous tree. Angel grace is pure life energy stuffed in a vessel like compressed air in a can — Dean doesn’t doubt that Cas could grow a whole redwood forest if he poured everything he has into the earth. A garden patch is easy.
Dean has to bite the inside of his cheek not to snap. “It’s your room,” he says after a beat. “And it’s our house, Cas.”
“Dean,” Cas said, voice soft. He put his hand over Dean’s, stilling it where it scrubbed the plate and trembled. “Are you alright?”
To his surprise, Cas accepts, selecting one and dipping it in its sauce cup with the slow solemnity of someone unused to the motion. He’s thoughtful as he chews.
Cas must be working out some frustration of his own, because he’s on Dean in a second, no preamble. All the air whooshes out of Dean at once, his arms jerking up to block Cas’s hits, purely on the defensive as he staggers backwards.
Cas’s eyes narrow even further, but Dean has already got one foot in Baby, and doesn’t have to look at him anymore.
“Prayer?” Cas asks. There’s a funny note in his voice that could be curiosity or sheer, abject surprise, Dean can’t tell.
“You are so beautiful when you orgasm,” Cas said, nuzzling into the hollow beneath Dean’s jaw. “I wish it could last longer than a few seconds.”
“Well, I am.” Cas squeezes Dean around the middle as if to illustrate this point. Then, softer, “Of course I know, Dean.”
Cas’s breathing is labored. There’s a sheen of sweat on his brow, and he sinks further into the couch cushions with even darker circles under his eyes than normal, arms flopping down to his sides like he just can’t keep them raised anymore.
He pointedly does not look at anything but the parts of Cas he’s touching, his hand, his bent elbow, the broad wing of his shoulder blade. Cas slides into the water and sighs, blue eyes slipping shut as his head bows forward. Dean’s tongue is thick in his mouth.
The rental furniture is kind of tacky, but Dean turns to glance around the room and sees in his mind’s eye how he would change it. Add a sofa, some chairs. Maybe a recliner. Coffee mugs half-consumed and abandoned around the room, on the windowsill, on the little table, and it’s too easy by far to add all the people he loves to the image as well, Eileen and Claire and
Two of Cas’s fingertips stroked between Dean’s thighs, gliding through the silky wetness just beneath Dean’s dick, and his eyes asked a silent question. Dean nodded jerkily, so Cas wasted no time in sliding a finger inside him, crooking it upward at the same time that he did something swirly and complicated with his tongue. Dean exhaled sharp enough to hurt. Two fingers were even better, and Cas gave them both to him after a moment, thick and careful and familiar by now. Dean’s body recognized him. Welcomed him in. His belly went taut as a bowstring, Cas fucking him with shallow, calculated gestures that pressed his fingertips right where Dean wanted them.
“My happiness isn’t your responsibility,” Cas says just when Dean thinks they’ve dropped the subject, voice as low as the animal rumble of the car engine. “I died content enough. I never imagined what step might come next, or that there might even be another step to come.”
- Dean drives drunk. The narrative doesn't condone him for this, but it doesn't linger on it either.
Mary Winchester had told Dean when he was small. In later years, it had come to feel more like a curse than a benevolent motherly wish, although it circled back around to being a blessing again sometime in 2009.
Fair enough. Dean doesn’t press him. What’s the use? Nothing Cas would say is anything Dean wants to hear, and the last thing he needs is to pick a fight again. For once, he doesn’t feel righteous enough in his position to force the issue, and Cas’s jaw is very set. Dean eyes the hunch of his shoulders and wishes he knew how to touch just between Cas’s shoulder blades with the same ease Sam had, when he was here.
“This is why you go swimming with a buddy,” Dean tells Cas, just for something to say to fill the quiet.
Clothes were close to armor, Dean had figured out when he was very young, and that meant he had to work hard to choose the right ones. Loose jeans that were never all the way to baggy. T-shirts purchased by the six-pack. The never-ending parade of flannel after flannel, reds and dull golds and forest greens, safe colors. The steel-toed boots in a size and a half too large for his feet, laced up tight around the delicate ankles he’d inherited from his mother.
Dean just kicks him again, closing his eyes. Cas begins the Amidah, rising to his feet to do it — his shadow falls across Dean’s face, blotting out the sun, rays of light beaming out around him every time he bows his head forward in prayer. He’s so full of shit. His voice is awesome, low and bitter-smooth around the names of the forefathers. Avraham. Yitzchak. Yaakov. Then Sarah, Rivkah, Rachel, Leah...
The house keeps creaking and moaning, the sounds amplified by the hardwood floors. Dean rolls over in bed and huffs a frustrated breath into his pillow. On the other side of the wall, Dean hears blankets rustling to indicate Cas is doing the same, rocking and shifting so the bedsprings sigh. A glance at the clock tells Dean it’s 2:43 am — late enough he can’t bother Sam, too early for him to give up and call it morning.
“He’s sleeping.” Cas mouthed the words right on the topmost vertebra of Dean’s spine. “I would not let us be discovered against your will, Dean.”
“He’s right,” Cas agrees. Dean eyes him over the top of Jack’s head and finds that there are tears streaming unchecked down Cas’s face. Jesus, how long has he been crying? “You did well. The reapers want everything to be balanced, and no one can take complete control with the power divided between them.”
Milk for Sam, sugar for Cas with his terrible sweet tooth, and neither for Dean. He fixed their coffees the way they always took them and brought them to the table.
“You’ve been paying attention when I told you about music,” he says after a beat. “This’s a good song.”
“Watch your back,” Dean says. “Jody’ll adopt her the second you aren’t looking if you aren’t careful.”
Cas’s face does something complicated, contorting for a moment before he manages to smooth it out into a smile. “One of these days I’m going to understand you,” he says.
Dean hears the word ‘consequences’ and can’t help but think of all the times he’s seen Cas die, from his spontaneous combustion at the hands of Michael to being backstabbed by Lucifer with an angel blade — all of the images culminate in the wet black of the Empty that Dean had to pull Cas out of with his own bare hands, its thick black tar burning an acid hole in the forest floor where he and Sam completed their ritual. Dean picks at a chip in the plastic of the coffee thermos lid.
Sam shakes his head to confirm Dean’s assumption. “Orphans. They’ve been running from the wolf pack that turned Zippy — as far as I can tell, Zip just grabbed her sister from the foster home and took off.”
This is officially way more about beekeeping than Dean ever expected to learn. He puts a tarp down on the garage floor and kneels there to paint the box, using steady strokes from the elbow so he won’t stress his wrist. He thinks about Cain as he wipes his forehead with his t-shirt hem and lays each piece out in its space to dry, how can he not? Cain, who retired from his violence to a farmhouse with his bees to tend, who buried his dearest weapon at a grave site so it wouldn’t tempt him back to murder.
“It’s alright,” Dean says. “Cas likes it. Dude’s obsessed with his garden, but he won’t let me actually teach him to swim. What kinda guy lets me buy him a lake house without telling me he doesn’t know how to swim, huh?”
Sam turns back with his foot on the first step and smiles. “Go get Cas and rest up. Keep me updated on renovation stuff.”
Cas subsided, but the slant of his mouth was still unhappy, so Dean flipped their positions and rolled him onto his back, leaning over him. “Me too, okay?” he said. “All those things you said, back there. I’m not — I mean, I’m no good at this. But you know, don’t you?”
Dean is sitting up in bed by now, clutching fistfuls of the blankets around his waist. “Uh,” he says. “Cas —”
“So you wanna run a monster orphanage,” Dean clarifies. “Sam Winchester’s school for gifted youngsters.”
John Winchester would have already killed Zippy by now. Dean feels an uneasy itch in his palm just looking at her, studying her elongated limbs and the coarse, wiry fur in patches down them. His father wouldn’t have waited long enough to notice the way she angles her chair to keep her sister in her line of sight, or Lilah’s guileless comfort around her, smiling up with a mouth smeared with peanut butter.
It only takes a second to spot him, but then, Dean would know him anywhere. Cas is speaking intently to a vendor of his own at the jam stall, pointing to a display with one of those strange, too-formal gestures of his. The jam guy is tall and broad-shouldered, dressed in a red flannel with long dark hair that brushes against his shirt collar. He leans across the table to hand a jar to Cas, cupping Cas’s hands around the glass while he says something in low, solemn tones with too much eye contact.
His toast pops. Dean narrows his eyes at the jelly sitting out — the offensive strawberry and lime purchased at the farmer’s market — and grabs a butter knife. He silently curses at the first bite, because goddamn him if it isn’t delicious.
“Jesus Christ, that’s cold,” Dean hisses, turning to shoot a smile at him. “Oh, buddy.” The last he says because he can see now that every step forward Cas takes is cautious to the extreme, arms raised above the lake surface, looking for all the world like a cat in a bathtub.
“I gave him his power back,” Jack says, pleased with himself. “All of it. It’s the one little bit of being God I asked the reapers to let me take home.”
“When were you gonna tell me about this?” he asks, voice rasping. How much time has Cas spent gathering up kid-room furnishings while off on his garden store trips without saying a word to Dean?
Ordinarily, this would have been enough for Dean to pass out like he’d been knocked on the head — Cas took the guardian angel thing real seriously, after all — but Dean stared out into the darkness of his bedroom and didn’t know if he could even close his eyes. Cas’s arm felt heavier around his waist by the second.
Dean shifted so his back was pressed more firmly to Cas’s front. “Yeah. I never wear sunscreen, you should see me in the summer.”
Sam must have got them on the way home from his morning run. Cas pushed off the door frame and stepped up to the counter to rifle through the options, selecting a cinnamon raisin and casting about the kitchen for the bread knife so he could slice it for the toaster. Dean hopped up on the countertop and watched him, watched both of them — his angel and his brother — and felt something click into place in the center of his chest, the final tumbler in a complicated lock.
“In a sense, very much so,” Cas replies. He smiles when he sees Dean approach. “Hello, Dean. Mr. Dexter is giving me a free jar of strawberry lime jelly.”
Cas must see where he’s looking, because he follows Dean’s gaze to D.W. and C.W. That crazed flicker only sparks higher, Cas’s lips parting as he traces the shape of the letter W.
Dean falls back onto the bed, folding his arms under his head as he goes. “Just not used to spending that much fuckin’ money at once,” he says. “That’s a lotta decimal points for a
“May I?” Cas asked, grave as always. His fingertips tucked up under the hem of Dean’s shirt and all Dean could do was strip out of it himself and toss it wordlessly toward the hamper. The moonlight coming in from the window frosted over Cas’s outline, making him even more statuesque than usual, all marble and mussed hair.
Dean huffs a disbelieving breath. At the dining table, Zippy is nudging Lilah with an elbow. “Chew with your mouth closed,” she says. “That’s nasty.”
Cas snaps out of his daze, but only just. He puts a knee down on the bed, then lays his palm flat to Dean’s belly, holding him there. Even with all this new skin to see, Dean can’t quite bring himself to look away from Cas’s face.
Dean stares right back. Come to think of it, the only time he’s ever seen Cas in the water was after the Leviathans, and, well. That hadn’t exactly been a fun day trip.
Okay, so talking didn’t work. That’s fine. Dean’s never been good at talking, anyway, even though Cas deserves some kind of response after all of — after all of that. But what would Dean even say? Thanks for loving me, please don’t die about it anymore?
“I haven’t been to temple since mom died,” Dean blurts out, anything to cover up the sound of the song and the lyrics currently playing. He'll read too much into them if he pays too close attention, he knows himself. “Dad never went, so he didn’t take us afterward. Just the funeral. That’s it.”
There’s a jug in the fridge that Dean will pour for him, just as soon as he stops feeling like someone’s squeezing his stomach in a tight fist. “After. C’mere.”
Dean has to bite the inside of his cheek not to snap. “It’s your room,” he says after a beat. “And it’s our house, Cas.”
“I don’t know what you want me to say,” Cas snaps as he turns back to the shelves. Dean bites his tongue and looks around again, nauseated.
“Good morning,” Cas says, grave and earnest as always. “I’m going to make coffee and drink it in the garden. Would you care to join me?”
He makes eye contact with Dean, deer in the headlights, an expression Dean hasn’t seen in a good long while.
“In a way,” Cas answered. Another kiss, scraping teeth against skin. “I am tired of standing here, yes, when I could be touching you.”
very earnestly, so Dean had just held Cas’s gaze like he wanted while Cas touched him, even though it scared him almost worse than Hell —
An hour later, when Dean slinks back down the hall and enters Cas’s room properly, Cas has his back to the door again and doesn’t say a word. He just lies there, very still beneath the covers, and is careful not to move a muscle while Dean insinuates himself beneath the topsheet and wriggles close.
He pushes two pillows beneath Cas’s foot, not sure what it says about him, that he’s almost grateful to have something to do that he’s more used to. Patching someone up. Making his voice even on purpose. He arranges ice around Cas’s ankle, then turns his attention to the skinned knee.
He took an involuntary step back when Cas walked forward, but then his back was to the wall again, and he had nowhere else to go when Cas stepped right up into his space.
“I don’t care. Just not like that.” Dean turns his face away, resolute, but that just puts the bee box back in his line of sight, blue and serene and marked with his and Cas’s names.
Does he need a reason? Probably. It’s pretty weird to thank someone without something to prompt the gratitude. But Dean doesn’t need prompting, he feels grateful fucking constantly — and Cas is looking at him like he’s a space alien for saying so, which probably means something.
Dean huffs a hollow laugh, because yeah, that’s always what it’s about, isn’t it? Cas or Sam or Dean getting themselves lost or dead, and then taking turns dragging each other back from the brink. He shrugs, shoving his hands into his pockets.
Of course Dean is concerned about it, which Cas must know. He also owes Sam enough leeway to make his own choices, which Cas must know as well. He shrugs, tapping the stubbled underside of Cas’s jaw with his thumb. “He’s a big boy, he can handle it. Sandwich, yes or no?”
he was full of shit with his dismal speech about making his peace with being human. He knew it. He just never expected to see Cas bursting at the seams with angelic vim and vigor again, lit up from the inside, bleeding magic when he bends and kisses Dean like his life depends on it. Dean flounders — he doesn’t know where to put his hands, with Cas pinning him to the ground and their freaking kid not even four paces away.
Dean gave a full-body shiver, staying still as a statue in case moving would make Cas stop touching him. “You tired?”
Cas is missing in action when he pulls up the gravel driveway, which is fine by Dean. It lets him haul the new stuff to the garage without having to answer questions about it, stacking wood in a pile and stuffing the other supplies behind a crate so they’re out of the way.
“Two months and change,” Dean rasps. Christ. Has it really only been nine weeks since Jack’s ascension to Godhood?
Cas wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, panting as he sat up. Dean caught his breath, chest heaving as Cas crawled up his body and cradled his face in his hands, kissed him deeply, let him taste himself.
Cas has a blind spot at his left side. Dean’s noticed it over the years, learned to compensate when he and Cas are fighting together so the bad guys can’t take advantage. He uses it himself, now, striking Cas in the ribs right above his Enochian tattoo, knuckles digging into sensitive flesh. Cas gasps, side-stepping out of reach, and Dean follows — one, two steps, and then Cas is kicking again, because he knows Dean sucks at blocking them.
Clearing the grass by hand takes a lot more effort than sheet mulching, but it’ll go faster in the long run. Cas doesn’t want to wait months for the lawn to die to start putting seeds in the earth, not with spring (and by extension, planting season) coming to a close in the near future. He doesn’t seem bothered by the rote mechanical work, anyway, as far as Dean can tell. Sometimes he even whistles to himself, soft, high little bird-warbles that make goosebumps break out down the backs of Dean’s arms when he hears them.
Sam looks at him like he’s stupid. “Your bed’s in the safe house, dumbass. Cas doesn’t sleep, he’ll let you borrow his.”
Dean used to be the buffer between Cas and humanity. When did he step aside and let it all bleed together?
“The hell did you do!” Dean hollers over the high-pitched radio static whine of an angel’s true voice. “Jack!”
“The eternal burning light,” Cas sighs. “In Jewish theology. Most synagogues have a light always lit near the ark carrying the Torah, it harkens back to the old Temple in Jerusalem.”
“You want dark wood or light wood?” Dean asks, scritching a hand over the back of his neck. “Your bedframe’s dark, we can stick to a theme.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean’s mouth twitches while his toes curl with flustered pleasure in his boots. He takes another drink of coffee, then offers it back to Cas. “Love you too.”
Jack hesitates for a moment and bites his lip. Dean’s fists ball up tight at his sides. He should prepare for the worst, but he doesn’t know what the worst could even be; if they have to fight another Chuck type, he doesn’t know what he’ll do. He’s so tired. He hadn’t realized how tired he’s been until he got some rest and started to make up the deficit.
“No,” Cas says flatly. “I didn’t. And even if I did, I would have thought you’d be relieved, not... whatever this is.”
They meet Sam at a sandwich joint for lunch before they reconvene at the lake house, and everything is immediately easier when all three of them are there. Dean kicks Sam under the table just on principle and his head already hurts less than it did while Cas was asking him those pointed questions.
“Got opinions, now that you’re ‘expanding your horizons’?” Dean asks, giving Cas a meaningful look. “Add ‘em to the cart, now’s the time.”
Dean is halfway up the stairs again before he realizes he’s started to move. He ghosts across the landing and hesitates in front of Cas’s half-open door, hand coming up to clasp the doorframe and squeeze it for stability.
The dismissal in his voice was impossible to ignore. Sam shared a bewildered look with Dean and shook his head as if to clear it, holding out a hand. “Keys, Dean.”
Now that Cas is staring at him, Dean can’t look anywhere but at the road through the windshield. He keeps his hand where it is. Eventually, Cas either picks up on the hint Dean is waving in front of his face or gets bold all by himself and reaches down, tangling their fingers together as he draws both their hands into his lap. He squeezes.
Dean can’t blame Lilah for picking favorites — Cas has an energy that makes people feel safe, beneath the electric crackle of his alien weirdness. He’s gentled over the years. Dean can’t imagine the angel he met in that barn in Illinois propped up in a twin-sized bed to read a chapter of
“I know,” Dean interrupted. Whatever Cas was going to say, he didn’t want to hear it. He put his elbows down on either side of Cas’s head, nudging his nose against his jaw. “I gotcha. I get it.”
“Dean,” Cas says very slowly, as if explaining to a child that gravity makes things fall. “I told you I love you.”
“You are made in God’s image,” Cas said. His intensity might have freaked Dean out, under other circumstances. It might have made him skitter away. But there was nowhere to flinch, here, nowhere to look that was not at Cas. “You were remade by my hand, and I made you well. Do you not believe me?”
Since when do angels get affected by the world enough for their hair to grow or their vessels to tan, anyway? Cas bites raw into a painfully ripe tomato, bending over the kitchen sink to do it. Of course juice gets on his shirt anyway — one of six plain white t-shirts purchased in a pack from Walmart — but the effort to keep his clothes clean is so human, face rich with satisfaction as he takes another bite. Who can blame him for relishing it? He grew that thing with his own hands, the same hands that smite his enemies and make blessings on the sabbath and heal Dean again and again and again.
The last time Dean had set foot in a farmer’s market, it had been Sam’s idea and Dean had complained the whole way through. It makes him feel an ancient discomfort buzzing at the nape of his neck to park his car and enter the fray even now, thinking about the way he grew up, and how he doesn’t belong between expensive artisan stalls with an angel on his arm.
Cas is organizing the small handful of toys Jack managed to amass between bouts of violence, setting them up on one of the bookshelves, ready to be played with at a moment’s notice. Dean’s hand must be white-knuckling the door frame. He can almost hear the wood creak, but he can’t tear his eyes away from Cas to check.
The lake glimmers in the rearview mirror almost the whole drive long, green like a bruise and as blue as Cas’s eyes. Whoever the fuck Chuck was, he wasn’t Cas’s Adonai.
“Makes it pretty hard to keep work at work, though,” Sam points out from the doorway. “What with the whole sleeping underground next to a war room thing. How d’you like the bedrooms?”
A little crease formed between Cas’s brows. He shifted, pressing up so that he could roll their hips together in a long, filthy grind. Even through the layers of their underwear, it was nearly too much. Electrically good. “Sexual intercourse is intended for procreation,” Cas pointed out once he’d managed to exhale. “Technically.”
“We’ll be there,” Dean says. He looks up at the ceiling, at the light fixture he’s been meaning to replace. “Hang tight.”
Dean wonders, hands in his own pockets as he idly considers a fruit stall full of nectarines and peaches.
Cas turned his head to look out the passenger side window. “We needn’t, Dean. I just wanted to know where we stood.”
“This isn’t about what you want right now,” Cas reminded him, and sucked a kiss into the flesh of Dean’s thigh. Dean’s hips twitched. “And I take issue with second part.”
He tactfully doesn’t mention all the demons he tried and failed to cut a deal with in the weeks between Cas’s death and his resurrection; all the spells that went nowhere and the phone calls that ended with Dean getting laughed at or hung up on; Sam’s pity settling in a mortified film over Dean’s whole body; the ugly thought that stayed snagged in the back of his mind, telling him exactly what stupid things he might have done if he and Sam hadn’t found the ritual that opened a trapdoor into the Empty.
Cas looks startled to have been addressed. “Alright,” he says haltingly, and wets his lips. “Dean, about last night —"
When he made it to the kitchen, Sam was puzzling through the same crossword from the day before. Dean snuck a glance over his shoulder as he put the coffee pot to work, wondering absently if he should sneak a coffee back to Cas before the angel bothered too much with getting dressed. He could trade the cup for a kiss, if he teased him enough — Cas seemed like the type who could be wheedled with those kinds of tactics, and he looked forward to testing his hunch.
He sets the washer setting to ‘gentle’, because the house came with a gung-ho machine that would beat the shit out of his clothes if he let it. That feels like it would be a metaphor for something if Dean didn’t shove the thought away before it could burn him.
He falls asleep still thinking about it. It’s easier to sink deeper than sleep’s topsoil, now he knows for sure that Cas still came back.
At least he isn’t aiming to hold hands and sing Kumbaya with every monster in North America. Dean rubs his forehead with the heel of his palm. “You should’ve told me.”
Cas is kneeling on the ground with his palms cupped around the head of a tulip that had not been there the day before. He’s wide-eyed and happier than Dean has seen him in a good long while.
Tough. Dean barely drifted off to begin with, head turning itself in circles until he got dizzy. Cas is on the landing now, Dean listens to his footsteps pause right in front of his door — his heart starts beating quicker in his chest, wondering if Cas will come inside, if he wants to talk or even just lie there in the dark with their bodies barely touching. Dean could sleep like that, probably. If he could listen to Cas breathing.
The handprints on his body look less angry these days, dulled from violent red to a dusty pink. From a distance, they look almost like two fistfuls of sunburn instead of scars.
In the middle of the beanbag mess, glaring up with orange eyes, a teenage girl no older than fourteen hisses at them with a mouthful of razor-sharp teeth.
“Okay.” There’s a sound on the other end of the phone, either laughter or yelling, followed by a loud crash. “Jesus Christ. I gotta deal with this, drive safe. Oy —”
He wonders if Sam has a similar mind’s eye view of him being eaten alive by the mark of Cain. Then again, maybe his nightmares look more like Dean aiming a gun at Jack’s head.
Dean thinks on it for a moment. Sam and Jack have finally managed to cajole their kite into catching the breeze, both of them whooping real loud and craning their necks back to watch it swoop upwards. “Nothing,” Dean says.
“May I penetrate you?” Cas asked, their lips brushing together as he spoke. Dean had heard a lot of guys ask if they could fuck him, but Jesus, no one did it like Cas. He nodded jerkily. “Very well,” Cas said. “Stay still.”
The small, contented noise Cas makes is worth the internal nail-biting. His head lands on Dean’s shoulder.
He didn’t even say anything when Cas ate it in the car, hiding his smile with an exaggerated blind spot check as they pulled out of the parking space and headed back. An angel in his passenger seat, plastic spoon in hand, would have been a funnier image if it wasn’t just Cas; Dean looked at him in the rearview mirror and watched a self-satisfied expression bloom across his face. Dean’s tongue felt too-thick in his mouth.
He’s dialing Sam’s number before he realizes he wants to. He holds it between shoulder and ear and listens to it ring, waiting for Sam to pick up the same exasperated way he always does when he’s in the middle of something, the way he has since he was a kid. Dean’s already preparing the annoying way he’s gonna ask after Eileen when he hits voicemail, the recorded message telling him to leave his phone number so Sam can get back to him.
“Little late for that, but I didn’t factor in the hugging parade,” Dean says, ruffling Jack’s hair. “You can gimme a hand with the blueberries if we’re through with the drama.”
Cas’s eyes are bloodshot and complicated. “Thank you for using both hands,” he says. He puts his own on top of Dean’s, pressing it firmer into his neck.
Cas nodded. Then he bent to kiss Dean’s chest, right between his surgery scars, dragging his mouth downward, and Dean felt a familiar warmth and pressure down to the core that meant Cas was healing him.
I cannot begin to express how grateful I've been for all the support I've received as I've written this fic - truly, you have all made me feel so held. I hope this ending brings you as much joy as it brings me :)
“I don’t know that I could have, even if I tried,” Cas confesses as he dog-ears the page to mark his spot. He leans back in his chair with another deep sigh, then glances up at the ceiling. “I miss home.”
He shouldn’t be surprised, though. This is the first normal house he’s slept in since the Braedens’, and he’s no less fucked up now than he was back then. He flips the lock open, then thumbs it back shut, the lock hinge making a protesting whine. He’ll have to fix these too. Add it to the tally.
“That smells very good,” Cas says, resting his chin on top of Dean’s shoulder, and presses his face into the crook of Dean’s neck.
Cas actually takes a drink of his beer and doesn’t make a face at it afterward. Dean wants to tease him about it more, except acknowledging that he’s watching the way his lips purse as he swallows feels wrong. Better to look out across the lake and see the moonrise reflect across the water than watch an angel’s mouth while he tries valiantly to like beer.
Right. Well. Dean was too tired to come up with a good retort to that, so he rolled his eyes and flopped onto the bed. “C’mere, man,” he said, patting the mattress next to him. “Unless you wanna go back to your bed.”
It’s easier to concentrate now that the buzz of desperate arousal has mellowed, going thick and slow as honey-dark molasses. Dean strokes Cas’s cock with one hand, the other sliding up Cas’s forearm so he can cup around the handprint scar that’s wrapped silky-smooth around his elbow. It feels good to hold him there. Their bodies fit right.
Zippy scoffs, upper lip curling to show teeth that are still as sharp as razor blades. “You’re old,” she says, taking one earbud out. Dean wonders if her teeth ever go back to normal. “I’m watching Hunter x Hunter.”
“I’m sorry,” Jack says, voice small as his smile fades. “I tried to make the right decision. All that power was too much, it felt so bad, I needed to spread it out. No one should feel like that.”
“See you both at the bunker,” Sam called out through the half-open window before he took off, tail-lights blindingly bright as they streaked behind him.
“I can see fine enough,” Cas replies absently, turning the page. “Looking through human eyes dampens my angelic senses, I could perceive much more in my true form.”
The water’s up to his waist now, lapping up against his belly and making his nipples pebble. His feet have already adjusted to the temperature, the cold still fresh and surprising against his chest when he steps deep enough, and it makes him gasp.
“I’m doing something really important,” Sam says. Now he sounds strained. “Eileen is helping me. It’s — I think it’s really good. But I need you not to call for a couple weeks.”
Cas is just as easy to wind up as always. One corner of Dean’s mouth quirks up, wondering if this’ll get him shoved up against a wall. “You sure? Didn’t want to?”
“You good to walk?” Sam asked him eventually, closing the trunk with a heavy thud. “Or do I have to come over there and haul you to the car?”
Dean considers this. “If the weather forecast’s right, it’s gonna be a hot one. Wanna actually check out the lake?”
“Nope,” Dean says, and gets a handful of Cas’s shirt near his shoulder, tugging. “We gotta go. C’mon, Cas.”
Dean imagines how hard a person would have to tussle with an angel to earn a new name. His wrists flex. “Wait, didn’t the angel lose?”
and spits up a couple green sparks on impact. Dean regrets saying anything immediately, especially when he watches Cas’s jaw clench, delicate as he picks the hex bag up again to finish tying it.
It sure looks like a wedding band, now that he’s staring it in the face. What the fuck was he thinking?
Dean gaped at him, mouth hanging open. It didn’t ache when he breathed anymore, but there was a new weight on his chest, he was pinned down by the intensity of Cas’s gaze.
“Ah, fuck,” he panted when Cas rocked their hips together. Cas slid a hand down Dean’s body, palming his ass briefly before he smoothed it down his thigh, then hiked his leg up. Dean hooked it around Cas’s waist. “Quite fuckin’
The angel is fuming right where Dean left him, eyes narrowed like he’s trying to beam his displeasure into Dean’s skull from a foot and a half away.
“Good things do happen,” Dean says. His face is overwarm. He closes Cas’s mouth for him by nudging a curled knuckle under his chin, adding, “you’ll catch flies. C’mon, I’ll take you back now.”
He was vaguely aware that he was bleeding through the rag, though. He couldn’t really feel the pain — he was too hopped up on adrenaline to feel more than numb and kind of uncomfortable — but his stomach was sticky-hot when he peeled up the cloth to poke at it, and the dull ache only reinforced the knowledge of how much this was going to suck the next morning.
Dean must have fallen asleep at some point, because the next thing he remembered was Cas hauling him upright and helping him stumble down the hall to his bedroom. Dean grumbled and kind of fought it, but Cas didn’t let up, just kept pushing until Dean was standing in front of his dresser.
Dean snorts and lies back, folding an arm behind his head to cushion it. “Thought you angels were meant to be a choir, dude.”
Lilah nods, scuffing one of her sneakers against the metal threshold. It isn’t until her leg moves that Dean notices the criss-cross of two bandaids over her knee.
Dean spins on his heel and suddenly he’s by the edge of the lake, standing at the end of the dock. Cas is in front of him, whole and alive, dressed in the tie and trench coat that the Empty ruined.
“Hey, I’m not your keeper. Maybe you had plans.” Dean sips his water and wonders what the hell he’s picking a fight over. “You get Jam Guy Dexter’s number before we left?”
God help him, Dean did. He did do that. He swallows as he hesitates, mouth cotton-dry, and then shakes his head sharply to clear it.
“What are you hoping is gonna happen, here?” he asks. He tries his damnedest to keep the frustration out of his voice, only succeeding in sounding desperate instead. “You think this is gonna get him to come down from Heaven?”
“Leaning more toward idolatry, obviously,” Cas muses. “And I’ve coveted what was made to be Michael’s, which I have to imagine is a sin.” He keeps walking forward. Dean’s ass nudges against Baby’s hood, and then Cas is right there, putting his hand’s heel to the center of Dean’s chest. “But I believe the act of choice is holy. I chose you. I keep choosing you, and that’s divine.”
Right before he turns away from the windows, there’s a brief flash of light just outside — is that what woke him up earlier? Dean peers out the window, looking for the source of the light, but there’s nothing but darkness for miles, the moon a thin wan slice that doesn’t illuminate much. He squints out the window, listening for thunder to accompany the lightning, and hears nothing. Just the wind whistling through the gap between the loosely-set window frame and the glass.
“You were scared, huh,” he says, tightening and relaxing his fist on purpose. “You were scared of me.” He breathes in and out, jaw clicking like a pistol cocking when he swallows. “Like dad.”
“You didn’t have to say yes to the first place we checked out,” Sam says after a while, quietly enough that he and Dean can pretend Cas can’t hear them from the backseat. Cas is pretty occupied with looking out the window anyway, grave as the dead again, and Dean is trying not to stare at him in the rearview mirror as the road lights gild him orange in brief flashes.
Dean looks at him. Cas’s head is tilted again, openly trying to read him. Not that he’s ever particularly tried to hide it — as long as Dean’s known him, Cas has been working him like a safe to crack. Somebody really should have warned the guy Dean’s a lot of locks around a whole lot of nothing a long time ago.
Cas considers this. “I was a Victorian woman once,” he says thoughtfully. “That seems thematically appropriate.”
— but Cas gets the better of him, squirming to flip Dean onto his back instead. There are hands on Dean’s wrists before he can even think how he’d evade the grab, yanking them up above Dean’s head so he's restrained.
He’s easing a board down into place right by the front door when Cas’s sentence catches up to him. “Wait, hang on,” he says, sitting back on his heels. “Garden?”
In the back of Dean’s head, he’s suspected this for a while. The amount Cas eats these days, his tan, his hair growing... the stripe of sunburn that appears across his nose and cheekbones in a pink smudge, and his newfound sleeping habits, too. He’s been living like a human for months. That doesn’t make it any easier, hearing it confirmed.
Dean might have preferred his father having a problem with what he was, honestly. Would’ve made it easier to hate him later for the shit he did end up getting wrong. But to his credit, John Winchester’s biggest reaction to his teenage son announcing a new name with shame bubbling up on his tongue was to suggest a haircut and tell him to stop stealing his damn jacket,
The soft rap of knuckles against his door is the only warning he gets before the hall light is spilling into his room, Cas’s body a shadow haloed by it. Dean’s tongue sticks to the roof of his mouth. Many dreams he’s had have started this very way, although usually preceded by the ruffling sound of feathers, ozone tang on the back of his tongue from the effect of Cas materializing near him.
But no — the light is coming from Cas, not the sky, blindingly bright as it rips out of his chest and shatters toward the heavens. It splinters in a Lichtenburg as it leaves him, and Dean flinches away, turning his head with a wince and a gasp as the afterimage sears spindly fractals into every place he looks.
Dean just shakes his head. He isn’t hurt, the knee-ache from kneeling on the concrete floor of the garage notwithstanding, and Cas’s grace is stretched thin enough already. The afternoon light shining through the glass of the mezuzah leaves a green patch on Cas’s shoulder.
“Why do you insist on putting yourself in danger at every opportunity?” Cas asked, tipping his head to the side as he regarded Dean. “Haven’t you suffered enough?”
Cas lets Dean tug him to shore with his lips pursed, closed tight around God only knows what words would spark like lightning if he dared to speak them aloud.
“Dean,” Cas murmurs. He puts his hand on Dean’s arm, just briefly, before he takes it away again. “My apologies. I didn’t intend to pry.”
Dean wakes up blearily at three in the morning. He lurches out of bed, the last little eddies of a nightmare lapping at his feet, and scrubs both hands down his face as he paces to the window to check the locks.
“Give her my regards?” Cas asks, tipping his chin up to give Sam a small smile. “Dean and I can handle purchasing furniture and home accessories on our own, surely.”
Dean flails a hand toward his bedside table, rummaging around the drawer blind while Cas gets himself intimately acquainted with the sounds Dean makes when his nipple gets sucked. Holy shit, who taught him to do that? Dean smacks the lube bottle onto the bed, cock throbbing as he rubs against Cas’s thigh.
“You’re good,” Dean mutters back. He presses his face into Cas’s hair, eyes screwed up, wondering if this moment would make the Empty take him, if he’d made Cas’s deal.
Cas makes a noncommittal noise and flips past a station of staticky mariachi music. “I don’t. Why do you mention it?”
“My kind has wrestled your kind since the dawn of man,” Cas replies dryly. “I believe I have an edge.”
Dean takes a second to read her name tag, since she’s bothering to engage him in conversation, and learns her name is Jade. “Month and a half,” he explains. “Buddy and I just moved in lakeside.”
Dean looks up at the sky. Wisps of white clouds unfurl across the heavens in thin brush strokes, clear and sunny blue as if it hadn’t raged a storm all night long, rain turning into hail that beat the ground with birdshot. If he were a different kind of man, this is where he might open his mouth to call out for his son. But he has no idea what he’d say, and no real claim to a kid he’d held at arm’s length for as long as he could, only realizing too late the burden of the family legacy he’d draped across his small shoulders.
“We came to an agreement,” Jack continues. For the first time, Dean sees a shadow of exhaustion cross his face, and he wonders exactly how difficult that agreement was to come to. “No more Heaven, no more Hell, no more Purgatory. They’re making something new, and I... I don’t think it’s okay for one person to decide what that looks like. Even if it’s me.” He chews on his lip again. “Even if it’s us.”
It takes fifteen minutes to sort out the colors from the whites, and another load for pants. He used to do all the laundry in the bunker, too — it’s still strange not to see Sam’s flannels in the mix, his long-ass jeans and funky socks. Cas would like funky socks, Dean thinks, then remembers that he’s mad at him and slaps the washer door too hard to shut it.
The deep supers are completely dry at the dovetailed joints when he removes the clamps, but the honey supers are still waiting to be put together. The next step is to paint all the exposed sides in the pale blue paint he bought to reflect the sun, which'll keep the bees cool, and then he has to assemble the queen excluder and frames for the supers.
It was very easy to forget that Cas was an actual angel, not just a good friend with a couple of useful magic tricks. Dean was always reminded of this at the most inconvenient times.
The expression on Sam’s face is that wrenching, big-eyed look of gratitude that Dean has never once in his life been able to stomach. He looks eight years old again and listening to Dean tell him how they’re going to sneak into the movies to see Terminator 2, Sam stealing candy while Dean tried to flirt with the concession stand girl.
If Cas’s brain was racing half as fast as Dean’s, he didn’t show it. He was deeply concentrated on his task, tongue working Dean over while his hands stayed where they were bracketed on either side of Dean’s hips, his grip tight.
Real estate lady — Janet, Dean remembers — begins her spiel about the front room, and Dean crosses to the window to check out the sight lines while the others listen. Not too shabby, honestly, and he spots the lake glittering a blue-green promise in the distance.
That much angel compressed into one human body has got to be dense, Dean can only assume. At least Cas doesn’t tire out easily.
“Trust your brother,” he reminds himself sharply. “It won’t kill you to trust your fucking brother.”
The ring looks nice, though, on his finger. It catches and throws the light like nobody’s business. Fits like a dream, too, so he tips the lady twenty bucks and hustles back to Cas.
There are a lot of things about this scenario that would raise John Winchester’s eyebrows, however, and Dean is in no mood to tally them. He grabs spare socks, zips his duffel in a hurry. Cas is waiting for him already in the front room with a backpack slung over one shoulder, hair still sticking up in the back, squinting from having been asleep recently.
Dean puts his own hand on top of Cas’s, pressing it into his leg. Cas is the only one in the world who always sees him when he looks.
Cas is staring at him, not even trying to hide it. Dean wants to squirm under the weight of that gaze. “Hey, you joining me?” he coaxes, pushing up on an elbow to reach for him. “Didn’t figure this was a solo mission, bud.”
“What do you think?” Cas says, rubbing delicate fingertips across the title card that shows the diagram of one of the bookshelves. “It’s your house.”
“Really? ‘Cause I’m pretty sure he’s trying to steal the whole library three books at a time.” Sam hefts Cas’s bag onto his shoulder and starts to head for the stairs. “Saves me the trouble of organizing ‘em, though.”
The sun reflects off the lake in shimmery refractions. Dean has his arms crossed over his bare chest, looking out at it, waiting for Cas to put on his swim shorts and join him. Cool water laps at his knees, small ripples that move with the wind, and it makes Dean think about a dream he once had, a pier with a fishing rod and an angel at his back.
“Dean.” Cas looked slightly pained, if a little disappointed. His anger was still there, simmering under the surface, but his eyes were kind. “Be
Cas pauses briefly. Then he continues what he was doing. “At the moment it became pertinent. You said I could have the room.”
If Cas asked point blank, there isn’t much Dean wouldn’t hand over. There also isn’t much in the world Cas would ever bring himself to ask for. So where does that leave them?
Cas comes to join him on the porch when the sun starts to really set, the light fading to fuchsia and then a deep crimson before it darkens to black. Dean leans up against the porch railing while Cas washes up inside, only slightly surprised when Cas returns to the deck with a beer of his own.
“You didn’t say you were gonna use it to make a Jack shrine.” Dean steps far enough into the room to pick up the snow globe, weighing it in a palm. Cas strides over to snatch it back from him before Dean can leave more than a couple fingerprints on the glass — he sets it back down on the bedside table with reverence, then turns it a couple degrees so the text spelling out
Sam had shrugged, dangling feet kicking idly against Dean’s bed frame. “Dad always wanted sons anyway,” he said, which was true enough until he shrugged again and added, “and you’ve always been better at being his son.”
As for the jacket, he filled it out better these days. He tried not to let it make him feel like a parody of its original owner.
“Oh, Dean,” Cas laughs. It’s a wonderful sound. “On the contrary. With you, I always pull my punches.”
“Did I get the wrong idea?” Jade asks gently. “Sorry for assuming, you just said you bought him a house.”
“Christ.” Dean drains half his beer in two swallows, leaving the dregs behind. He picks at one of the claw marks on the table just for something to do with his hands. “Yeah, honeymooning in Colorado, that’s the move.”
Cas makes a considering noise, thumb tucking itself under the hem of Dean’s shirt. “I’d have rebelled sooner, I suppose. Defected early. Saved you from ever going to Hell.”
“You were supposed to check in yesterday, I was just about ready to send out the search party,” Dean tells him, ruffling Cas’s hair absentmindedly with a still-damp hand. “What’s up?”
“You drove home like this?” Cas demands, eyeing Dean’s unsteady hand as he fills a cup of water. “What were you thinking?”
Cas was looking up at his face as he bent forward. Dean groaned, leaning back on one hand while his other rose to tangle in Cas’s hair. So damn soft — it was such a human thing to care about, keeping his hair clean and nice, and Dean felt a wave of hysteria threaten to crowd up his throat at the idea that Cas was trying to keep himself good to touch for Dean’s benefit. He’d certainly been a little more ragged at the edges before they started fucking.
Dean didn’t realize his eyes were leaking again until Cas kissed the side of his face, mouthing the tears off of his cheek. He chased Cas’s lips, trying to kiss him, but Cas wrapped a hand around his throat again and held him down, pressing him into the pillow.
There’s coffee waiting for him in the kitchen, just like Cas told him there would be. Dean can see the vague shape of him through the window, obscured by plants, dark hair and long tan arms visible through long stalks of green. He exhales slowly as he tests the tip of his tongue against his teeth. He doesn’t know why he still expected the flowers to be burned away to nothing outside.
then he’s done a piss-poor job of it, hasn’t he? It just — it’s somehow never occurred to him that maybe he’s the one who knows Cas best, the same as Cas knows him, down to the bones and then even further. Cas is unknowable, he’s a cosmic entity with a couple billion years under his belt, and somehow Dean of all people managed to become his best friend.
Cas is airborne before Jack can answer, swooping up toward the sun. He flickers once, then disappears completely.
“Hush,” Cas says. He slides into the bed and pushes Dean until he gives up and lies back down. Cas spoons up behind him immediately, snaking an arm around his waist, and Dean has just enough time to think
“Would you like to go to the farmer’s market with me?” Cas asks patiently, with the tone of a man who’s asked more than once already. “I saw a flier in town yesterday.”
Dean waits until she’s safely out of earshot to raise his eyebrows at Cas. “As a team, eh,” he says. “Thought your bed wasn’t gonna be a unanimous decision.”
“They make my gut more acidic, I’ll tell you that much,” Dean says, and squawks when Cas shoves his shoulder to send him falling backward into the grass.
Dean doesn’t come downstairs in the morning until he hears Sam come home from his bagel run. Cas is sitting at the table with his hands around a starbucks cup, eyes red-rimmed when they rise to look at Dean.
“And you were worried I couldn’t see you trying,” Cas continues, too soft to bear. “Of course I see you trying. You’re succeeding. I want you to come now. Are you going to show me?”
“Okay,” he sighs, and hefts himself up to standing. Being on the wrong side of forty sucks — it takes real effort to heave himself onto his feet, body aching from the kind of drive that used to be a non-issue. And this is him still hopped up on Cas’s grace from the night before. He groans, twisting back and forth to crack his back in several sharp bursts.
“Fuck off,” Dean grunted, reaching up to retrieve three mugs. Three, because Cas had begun to get in the habit of stealing sips of Dean’s cup when he wasn’t looking, and that was exactly the kind of behavior that led to whatever the hell had happened the night before. (And three more times in the past week. And counting.)
“Mm.” Cas gave him another kiss, hidden to the left of Dean’s shoulder blade. “Sleep. I have this watch.”
It’s a nice thought. Things being equal. Dean rubs up and down Jack’s back with brisk, firm motions. “Why didn’t you come home when Cas called you, huh? Did this deal of yours take months to make?”
Why Cas would do a boneheaded thing like that is beyond Dean. He snorts, rolling his eyes as he walks over to him. “The bunker’s fine, but it’s not, y’know. Built for relaxing,” he tries to explain. “Sam’s right, we need some R&R. Gonna be useless otherwise.”
Dean thought about the handprint scar on his shoulder and shuddered. “You’ve got a possessive streak a mile wide, dude.”
Dean beckons him in with an exaggerated eye roll. Cas steps into the water with excessive gingerness, easing one foot in before the other, and makes a face at the temperature. The cold honestly feels great to Dean — it’s a warm day, and the treeline doesn’t cover this part of the lake, giving the sun free access to beat down on their shoulders.
hunted, and he finds himself bewildered and speechless as he tries to figure out what angle to approach Cas at. He’s looking away, jaw tense, and won’t meet Dean’s eye.
Dean’s fists slowly, slowly uncurl until his hands are loose again. “So what’s the score, champ?” he asks. “What’s there instead of Heaven?”
The porch is only a little wonky when Dean lays down the last board. The railing is the most obviously messed up part, uneven in places, some of the slats a quarter of an inch out of alignment. The banister is solid, though, and can stand to be leaned against — Dean spends a whole afternoon leaned up against it, grinning to himself between sips of what he thinks is a
“This is Dean and Cas,” Sam explains, indicating each of them in turn. Dean’s hand is behind his back, wrapping around the gun handle sticking out above the waistband of his jeans. “We just came down here with lunch. Unless you don’t want it?” He wiggles the tupperware in his other hand.
Sore, Dean decides as he steps back into the house and stretches his arms above his head. And a little hungry. He puts a piece of bread in the toaster and glances outside, hoping to catch a glimpse of Cas in the garden, to no avail. The late afternoon is melting on the horizon like a pat of butter, soaking into the ground, puddling on the lake in ripples. Dean considers the groceries he’s got in the fridge, thinking idly what he could make for dinner, what he could reasonably convince Cas to eat with him.
“You don’t gotta be grateful,” Dean says. “You don’t gotta say thanks. You don’t gotta do anything.”
“We’re here,” Dean repeats. He blinks, then rubs his eye with the heel of his hand. “Home sweet home, eh?”
“Sure,” she says agreeably, and retrieves a flat case of rings in various shapes and shades of silver and gold from under the table. “What’s your size?”
Dean is certain he’s turning purple at this point, mouth opening and closing while the rest of him tenses like he’s been attacked. “You — worship? Over
“Yeah,” Sam says. He exhales like it hurts. “Yeah, I do. The whole saving people thing shouldn’t begin and end with deciding who gets to live, we should be doing more than that.”
don’t think it would be bad. I have a home this time, and you’re letting me stay.” Cas’s smile is a miserable little thing, all tender-sweet resignation. “It’s already better than last time.”
“I don’t know,” Cas replies, and straightens out of his crouch with very wide eyes. “No one ever has.”
Sam just kind of stared at him for a second. “Nothing,” he said after a beat, and sat down in the big chair next to the sofa. Dean waited until he heard the sounds of Sam’s laptop keys typing before he relaxed the rest of the way, lacing his fingers together over his stomach while he felt the faint trickle of grace up his leg that meant Cas had taken pity on him after all.
Max ran and fired, distracting the couple. As soon as they faced him, Cas ran behind and grab their shoulders, they dropped like rocks. Max put his finger to his lip and tore their cameras and electronics off, then smashed them.
Sitting there watching Meg dial made him tense. He didn’t get tense before, so he was guessing at the emotions coursing through his veins. Dean leaned in, his solid weight against Cas' shoulder released some of the tension. Cas had no idea how the next few days would play out but he knew one thing. That whatever his siblings were doing to the humans had to stop and it had to be him who stopped them.
“Uri.” The call came over the radio and Cas smiled. It was hugely inappropriate but he couldn’t help it. A smooth, seductive voice wrapped around him, then began throwing orders like popcorn at a drive-through and it never got old. The man on the other end was delicious and it had his mind wondering, “Sir?” he replied.
“Sam!” he yelled and moments later footsteps pounded down the corridor. The door flew open and his brother hurled himself across the room and into his arms. “Agh,” he groaned as his insides objected to the force.
Cas nodded and continued, “ I made her promise to free the humans we had, which she did, in exchange for her life. They had started Angels Inc as a concept. I knew they were going to do bad things, they always do bad things but I ran. I didn’t want to be a part of it. I could have stopped them… I should have tried. Instead, I demanded a piece of any profit they made from future endeavours. Simply to ease my own conscience, just so I could give it away. Pathetic, I know. If I go there she’ll know why. I wouldn’t be surprised if they’re looking for me, they’ll know I’ll try to stop them. I have to try to stop them.”
"Fine. I’ll tell Mom you’re alive but not for long because they brainwashed you and now you've decided on a suicide mission. I’m going home.”
“They are soul mates, blessed by the cupid when Cas met Dean in a previous timeline. It’s a bit of a paradox really but they’re meant to be.”
“They will be starting the cheeseburgers in a few hours,” Dean spat, embarrassment flooded his cheeks.
The question caught him off guard, startled he replied, “It’s not my fault you think beards are hot.”
Dean needs a disguise, something that will fool them,” he used his calm voice, “Please Meg? We don’t have any other choice.”
Instead of saying anything Dean played the song in the correct key, perfectly. For nine minutes Cas watched him and Dean focused on the song, he had no idea what he was going to say when he was done but would drag out this moment as long as he could. The suit he wore felt restrictive even with the top button of the shirt open and his bow tie draped around his neck. Suits pissed him off and it was one of the reasons he’d avoided joining the company for so long. Nine minutes, they were the longest and shortest of his life. Memories cascaded through him, pain, joy, sorrow and regret were all there. They were all vying for his attention but regret, regret got first place. As he finished the final bar of the song he dragged in a deep breath and stood. Stepping out from behind the safety of the piano he let Cas see the emotions playing beneath the surface.
Frowning at the spot where Cupid had been Cas replied, “I assume we were successful and the witch now has him.”
“I’m fine Meg. Lie low, this is going to become… interesting and I don’t want you to get involved in the crossfire.”
Rounding the corner he stopped, hard. What he saw had his boots slamming to a halt so fast it jarred his spine and near had him ass first in the mud. Sam lay sprawled on the floor, unconscious and bleeding. Though it didn’t look serious Dean’s heart pounded in his chest. He wanted to move but his feet stuck to the damp soil in terror. A blur of two tall men fighting with swords had him trembling and panic raged in his chest as he glanced from his brother to the fight. What could he do... they were... they were Angels. He knew by their sheer speed they were nothing human. What could he possibly do against them?
Sam and Ruby softened slightly then and took their seats at the end of the table, draping their weapons on the table but aim still at Cas. An earthbound angel had them curious and Dean would use that to his advantage.
“Dean!” The cupid yelled as he squeezed him hard. The Angel was strong and it forced the breath from the hunter.
“No Cas, you had no other choice,” Dean assured him, “You saved Sam in that field. You chased down that angel when your family was happy to let that sick shit take my brother, you stopped them from having my memory, kept my family safe, you didn’t have to do that.”
“Shall we get that Cab?” Cas asked as the sun had started to creep above the horizon. Dean nodded, he should get some sleep.
It was the ‘in his arm’s’ part that did it. Dean had the urge to close the space between them. It was so strong he had to physically stop himself. It was hard… yes, even that.
Frowning, Dean replied, “You have people to clean it up though right? The hotel’s people will clean it?”
“I think we’re connected somehow. Something my kin did while you were in their possession. Maybe it’s responsible for the way we feel as well?”
Max grinned, “Yeah well, you scared the shit outta me up there so I’m revisiting some old favourites.”
Cas looked at her. Suddenly a bloody hand wrapped around his beige trench coat lapel. Glancing down, huge green eyes peered up at him, beautiful. The half-breed under all that blood captivated him for a moment.
Dean found his brothers grey eyes and nodded, so the spell had brought out the feelings but they were his. Sammy’s reaction had been one reason he’d been so in denial about it.
Sam sighed with exhaustion, “Grace, their grace. Somehow it sticks, makes us stronger. The only problem is that it doesn't seem to stick permanently. Eventually, it burns us out, everyone who has escaped has died.”
Cas glanced over at Dean and he knew they were thinking the same thing. Why didn’t this guy wear clothes and how did they use him to stop this witch?
“Standard procedure, make sure you’re not diseased,” She grinned menacingly. ”Either offer your arm or I’ll take it by force and it hurts more that way. It’s up to you.”
“Good morning Mr Winchester,” her words were sharp, cold. It was a discourse of habit. A mask of civility cultivated for the worlds external pleasantries. They were not pleasant, in actuality, Dean would never describe this Angel as anything but evil. Every day was the same, she came in smiling and left frustrated. It was one of his only pleasures denying this creature what she most desired.
“Cas? What did he mean by Holy ground?” Max asked, following the white glow that Cas was creating. It lit the way down the dark steps making it easier to see.
The man’s eyes glowed, like shined of their own accord and for the second time in an hour, confusion buzzed in Cas' mind.
Cas touched his shoulder again and shivers flooded his body. Dean glanced up at the angel, a smile flit over his lips. His gaze moved to the blue tie hanging around Cas' neck. Pull it, a voice whispered, pull him closer.
The athletic man shook as they all healed at one, then rolled onto the dirt floor and sighed, “Let’s not do that again, ever.”
Dean picked up the plate of bacon and launched it at his brothers head, “Cas! You know how much I love him, I can’t live without him.”
Taking out a small vial, Cas poured Holy oil on what could be the worlds oldest piece of parchment. Max watched his every move.
Cas ran his hand up into Dean’s hair and tugged. Dean braced for the pain. The injuries had been throbbing since he'd woken but whatever had been wrong before seemed to be gone. The only discomfort was from the pull in his hair and that was a delicious kind of pain.
Cas barked a laugh and it took him by surprise, “Yes, you could say that. I think with time we will be granted more freedom but as of now, my essence is attempting to find balance. Your body is not designed to hold it but it seems whatever Naomi was doing has allowed some flexibility on that front.”
Dean stayed on his front as Cas rolled from him to the side. The other man pulled at his hip and Dean rolled over, his back to Cas front. They were both naked. Dean realised Cas had also teleported himself out of his clothes, damn, he'd liked that tie.
Dean sighed, “Several generations ago we started forming hybrid packs. The half breeds of the rest of you, the non-humans, we all came together to work and live together. But the angels figured out that we made great toys for their experiments. They all but wiped us out hunting us down.”
A flashback kicked in and Max stumbled. Each time Cas brought them back he left a little so Max wouldn't question his sanity. A few blanks couldn’t be helped but Cas tried his best to leave enough that made sense so he didn’t think he was going crazy. They’d had that talk and it wasn’t fun.
The next sensation he felt was warm. He was comfortable as consciousness pushed him up from the depths. Voices disturbed his rest, someone wasn’t happy.
Sometime during their conversation Cas’ fingers had become settled on Dean’s thigh, touching him was comforting and something tight in his chest released.
A sarcastic angel, who knew? It had his cock throbbing in his pants. A warning voice sounded but Dean pushed it away. He’d nearly died, he knew it, hell he still could, so fuck reason, fuck caution, just fuck. Taking the tie between his fingers, he rubbed it gently. Cas watched him like it was the most fascinating thing in the world. Succubae were the ones who usually initiated sex, so Dean was working inside what was expected of him. Cas watched and waited for more and Dean knew he would. It was a ritual between the two halves. Dean was dominant in life but this is where it changed. In this, he was happy to embrace, offering himself to whomever he liked. Once past this moment, he was all sub.
Dean smiled, “She’s right. I didn’t think angels needed to eat but maybe this bond thing works both ways?”
He turned toward and smiled automatically which still felt strange but also confusingly natural. Dean wore jeans which hung low on his hips and a baggy V-neck shirt but instead of being sexy it just reminded Cas that’d Dean was under weigh because of the torture his family had inflicted on him creating a rage which boiled in his gut.
Cas gave her a look but he couldn't be sure whether it was reassurance or worry he was trying to convey. The plan was dangerous, they would be in the heart of Angels inc. If Charlie could mask both Meg and Dean’s essences, and if he hadn’t been warded out of the vault and if they didn’t run into any of his brethren, they might have a shot at getting out of the place alive. He was thinking hard about the last time he’d been inside angels inc, it hadn’t been long ago not in terms of their long life spans, a blip. 5 years go he’d heard rumours of another angel going rogue and harming humans. Anna had been ignoring his calls both on angel radio and physical communication to their offices. He wanted to make sure they were doing something about it, he wasn’t completely heartless. After the fourth ignored request for her to contact him, he’d decided to go and see her. Getting into angels inc was easy, they didn’t often ban their own and some part of Anna always thought he’d come home, that he’d see her point of view about the world being theirs. When God had abandoned them it had snapped something in her. She thought that only they could provide order to the world, that they had the authority to control their fathers' creations and control they did but they didn’t prevent suffering, they seemed to create more of it. She couldn’t see that they were as bad as the Demons in many ways, she wrapped herself in knots trying to justify their almost totalitarian capitalist rule. Maybe it had just gotten away from her? He didn’t know but she had lost her way somewhere along the line. So, he’d turned up and sat in her office until she arrived. It had been a simple and clinical exchange on both side but he’d got his point across. The angel in question was dealt with and he’d had no other reason to return.
Walking through the foyer and out onto the steps, Dean barely noticed anything at all. Cas hailed a yellow cab and it was one of the sexiest things he’d ever seen, he was doomed and he knew it. Time was running on and then decided to message Bobby that he was leaving.
“I’m sorry, I just wanted to protect you. And, yeah, these emotions are going to be difficult for a while.”
Dean had been playing the piano since he’d finished his company's annual gala speech. The Yamaha Grand sounded perfect in the empty room and he relished being able to spend some time alone. The Cloverleaf Hotel was the only place to hold a corporate New Years Eve party in New York. The five-star hotel was all grandeur, class and the best service money could buy. When his assistant suggested it, initially he’d recoiled, this place had so many memories of…him but business had prevailed like always. Dean pressed his cool fingers onto the ivory keys and listened to the sounds of merriment and fireworks, he was glad everyone was having a good time but he couldn’t bring himself to go and join them. Instead he was sucked into the memory of the last time he was here.
Cas’ soft chuckle filled the tight space of the Cab, “You know, I don’t actually have any plans today… so if you’re willing to have me…?”
They stepped back from each other and Cas nodded, “Yes, I understand.” Though he wasn’t sure he could keep from trying to protect him, he would try to respect Dean’s wishes.
The packing continued onto pictures. None of them together, only family, friends and Dean started to get scared.
Another eye roll punctuated the rapidly approaching sirens. Glaring, she waved her hand flippantly, “Go, I’ll keep the devil from your door.”
“Castiel, your human seems unsurprised at my sudden appearance. Is there something you would like to tell me?”
Cas raised his eyebrow at the word love, was it love? Something unnatural was definitely at play but their connection couldn’t be denied. Cas tapped his fingers gently on the wood of the table, it made them both pause for a second, another nervous gesture he’d recently acquired, maybe he should make notes, it was getting harder to keep up with the new aspects of his personality.
“I understand Jo but I need to do this, they’re coming for him and I can’t stop it,” determination and something like regret filled the man's tone.
“Cas, babe… please, you know I can’t bail. The company is worth a billion easy, imagine the life we could have? I could pay for the band to get a deal… you’d be set. We’d be set…”
“I thought it would be more… I dunno… exciting,” Sam moaned as he scratched moss from the tree with the toe of his boot. They had been sitting in the same spot for over an hour, watching the road that went in and out of their section. It was silent which was good for the hidden civilisation that they called home. Not good for a teenager looking for some excitement. Though no excitement was a very good thing, this needed to go smoothly. Their Mom was the leader and they needed to make a good impression.
A yawn interrupted his thoughts and he turned to Dean, “You should sleep. You’re still not fully healed.”
Cas was shocked, he’d not considered the possibility. “I suppose it’s possible, however, recreating the conditions of your escape would be difficult. With that in mind, testing the theory may not be something we can do.”
He could practically hear Dean face-palming as he imagined what had happened to their radio, “I’ll send in the team.”
Cas’s chair creaks as he stands, so Dean’s braced for the arms that appear around his waist and the five foot eleven of angel that plasters himself against his back.
Dean will never admit it in a million years, but it’s the permission that tips him over the edge. He comes, making a noise he never has before and hopes he never will again, halfway between a groan and a whimper. Cas fucks him through it, hooking his fingers upward, making Dean’s cock give an oversensitive jerk in his own hand while he makes a mess of his stomach.
Another flash of light. Now that Dean’s looking for it, he sees the shape of a man’s body knelt in the grass as it’s backlit for just a moment, arms outstretched, head tilted back. Even with just the quick glance before the light goes out, Dean can see the anguish in the chiaroscuro.
Dean swallows against a bad taste in his mouth and offers Cas the next piece of the desk drawer. “Yeah, that’s right,” he says, weirdly panicky at the thought.
Sam is back with the blankets. He wraps one around Cas’s shoulders and lets Dean swipe the other out of his hands so he can bundle Cas up into it, tight as he can, as if that can possibly contain the anguish bleeding out of him.
“It means Jack doesn’t want to see me right now,” Cas answers. He sounds deceptively calm, maybe the same calm he’d had outside in the dark when Dean had caught him off guard.
Cas smells like coconut shampoo and his stubble rasps against Dean’s neck when he squirms closer, snuggling in with an elbow to Dean’s ribs that makes him wheeze.
Dean looks at Sam, then at Cas, and consciously shoves everything he’s thinking aside. “How soon can we sign?” he asks, flashing Janet his most winning smile.
“Kinda on the nose, judging by the name,” Dean points out, crossing his arms over his chest. Zippy’s eyes nearly roll out of her head.
In the morning, Dean tramps out to the garage to see if the paint is still tacky. To his surprise, the warm night must have helped it along, because it’s dry to the touch — that means it’s ready for Dean to grab his drill to screw all the pieces together, which he enjoys. He puts the frames in their corresponding supers and then stacks the boxes on top of the base, careful to insert the queen excluder and entrance reducer as he goes. He’s pretty pleased with himself by the time he gets to placing the lid on top.
Dean’s no stranger to palming a girl’s thigh as he drives, but this is different. Cas keeps stroking over the curve where the inside of his wrist starts to smooth up his forearm, following the ridge of a vein, making his blood go hot under his skin.
“Would it be so bad?” Cas asks. His thumb ghosts over one sharp corner of Dean’s jaw. “If I were human, I could grow old with you.”
Why indeed. With the door cracked open, Dean can hear Cas’s voice trickling up from the kitchen, words impossible to make out. He sounds warm, though. He’s more in his element with kids than he has any real right to be.
Cas’s breath hitched when Dean found a particularly good angle to stroke, although his grip was clumsy and kind of bad from how little room his arm had to maneuver. Like hell was he gonna move now, though. He had Cas whining into his neck and fucking his fist when Dean didn’t go fast enough, that was worth the wrist cramp. The weight of him pressing Dean into the mattress could’ve speared Dean through like a butterfly tacked to a corkboard, pinning him to this moment forever, and he wouldn’t have minded.
“Since her, I guess,” Sam sighs. “She didn’t hurt any people, but she mauled the hell out of some penguins at the Woodland Park Zoo.”
The first thing he notices is that foam tubing covers most of the sharp angles that the Men of Letters tended to favor in their design choices, wrapping around the stair banisters, the drawer handles. The second is that all the weapons are gone.
“Working on it,” Sam says. “Ran into a couple roadblocks, but it’s nothing we can’t work out. How’s it going with you?”
Sam finishes the incantation. The hole in the forest floor snaps closed with an uneasy rumble, spitting up black bile before it folds down on itself into nothing. Sam prods the spot with the toe of his boot until he’s satisfied, then gives Dean a sharp nod.
The front door smacks the jamb when it closes, and Dean flicks his dish towel over his shoulder, leaving the potatoes half-chopped on the counter to come see what the hell’s going on in the hall. “Cas?” he calls out, alarm snapping like a piano string when he sees Cas pale and wincing, leaned up against the wall with a scraped knee trickling blood down his torn pants.
“Whoa,” Dean says, blinking as Cas hops off Baby’s hood to retrieve it. “D’you get butterfingers every time someone says they love you?”
It only figures that Dean didn’t get away with that one. “Sure,” he laughs, and brushes the hair back from Cas’s forehead. “Okay. A ring and a new passport. Hey, we did a pretty good job here.”
He’d been reluctant to let Cas go down on him at first, because nothing was as potentially upsetting as a partner getting up close and personal with his junk like that, but God. Cas’s mouth was heaven. And it’d been too hilarious to hear Cas’s vodka-over-gravel voice growl
Cas is humming to himself as he drives. It really ought to be more annoying than it is. Dean is soothed by the rumble, both of the engine and Cas’s voice — the honey and vodka rasp of it settles in Dean’s bones, and he relaxes despite himself, letting the sound wash over him as Cas’s fingertips
This is what Dean knows: he would have made a swan dive into the Empty in order to haul Cas out, if that’s what it took to drag him home. Or at least to make it so Dean ended up where he was.
“I admit I don’t completely understand what this house will give us that the bunker does not,” Cas replies, running his fingertips along the window sill. He rubs them together afterward, eyeing the dust he collected, and glances up at Dean again with a small smile. “But I trust your judgement.”
Dean’s hands are wet from doing dishes when he picks the phone up, a laugh still lingering in his mouth from a stupid joke Cas made.
Or maybe he’s expecting Sam to start sucking at it, at this guardianship thing, instead of the awkward and sincere way his brother goes through the motions of taking care of the girls. Dean knows Sam’s a grownup — he’s a thirty-seven year old man, for chrissakes — but there’s a low murmur in the back of Dean’s head telling him Sam ought to be the kid sitting on the counter waiting for dinner to be made instead of the adult at the stove.
He marches himself outside before he freaks out for the second time this morning and parks his ass on the edge of a raised planter bed. Cas is cross-legged and deep in thought in the dirt next to him, a book propped open on his knee. Dean cranes his neck to see a little better — half the text is Hebrew, the rest in English.
Dean had paced his room and snapped at Sam when he couldn’t take it anymore, demanding, “When the hell is he gonna say what he really thinks?”
“Who’s married?” Cas wants to know from the doorway. He’s endearing rumpled, shirt creased from Lilah’s cheek mashed into his shoulder, hair smushed to one side. “Lilah is asleep.”
He cast a sidelong glance toward Cas. The angel was striding over to Sam, whose eyebrows were a little scorched, half his face covered in soot.
The hunt went about as smoothly as it usually did, which meant it ended up with Dean flat on his back in an open grave with a twisted ankle and blood in his mouth. He cursed a blue streak until Cas appeared at the mouth of the grave and put an arm down to pull him up. Dean clung to his sleeve and spat blood on the ground as soon as he was topside, hands braced on his knees when he managed to stand.
“Look at you,” Cas said. His eyes became awed, wondering, as he slid a thigh between Dean’s. Dean arched into it, only a little ashamed of how fast he responded, and very grateful that the street was abandoned at this time of night. Civilians didn’t need to walk in on him getting freaky with an angel in barely-concealed public.
Cas agrees, fervent, whole body crackling with grace. It sends small static shocks zinging through Dean’s body just to be close to him. Cas is crackling like a live wire, he hasn’t been this powerful since he rebelled, and Dean
Sam is there a second later, front door slamming closed behind him, and Dean can’t muster up the energy to do much more than wave him off when Sam tries to ask if he’s okay. He spits one last time into the dirt, wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, and makes himself stand upright. He’s going to last maybe two minutes before he has to go inside and brush his teeth, but the cool air outside feels good while he can stand the bad taste in his mouth, even with Sam’s eyes boring holes into the back of his head.
Lunch, for Zippy, consists of eight chicken hearts that she spears on a fork before she gnaws on them. Lilah finishes her sandwiches completely unbothered by the gore directly to her left or the deep claw-shaped gouges in the wood of the tabletop. Sam halfheartedly offers to fix Dean and Cas something too, but Dean’s appetite is ruined, and since when does he let his brother cook for him, anyway? At least Cas is just as perturbed as he is. He doesn’t know what he’d do if Cas were as sanguine as Sam.
Dean leans back against the cabinets, eyes gone half-lidded as he swigs from his beer bottle. It goes down bitter and clean, the way it always does after a day of honest labor, on the rare days his labor is honest. His brother and his angel sit with their shoulders touching, Dean’s legs extended so that his boot nudges up against the inside of Cas’s calf. Cas kicked off his shoes ages ago. The knob of his ankle is vulnerable against the leather of Dean’s boot.
“Phanuel let Yaakov win.” Cas pushes Dean’s hands a little higher up. It actually tugs at Dean’s shoulders, now, a dull ache groaning in the joints’ sockets. “He was instructed by God to throw the fight. I have no such obligations.”
Honestly, Dean kind of does. He could sit passenger side where Cas is now, and he could look his fill without crashing Baby into a ditch. Even crushed up close to the dashboard like Cas likes to sit, Dean knows he can relax with him at the wheel. He has before.
“Would you gentlemen like any assistance?” A store clerk asks. Her name tag reads ‘Jamie’ with a star for the dot in the letter i, her curly hair bobbed neatly above her shoulders. “That’s one of my favorites you’re trying out right now, most people rate it between 4.8 and 5 stars.”
Jack looks at him, his eyes begging Dean to be proud of the choice he made. Dean is terrified by what this means, the same way he’s always terrified by change, these enormous sweeping changes that operate on a cosmic playing field he will never fully comprehend. Jack was God. Now he’s here, and he still wants Dean’s approval.
The sympathetic face Sam is making when Dean turns to look at him has Dean’s hackles threatening to rise again. He shakes off the urge to snap and glances away, toward the bunker where Cas is inside. He feels insane — he wants to dash indoors again and check, wants to make sure it wasn’t just a trick of the light, that the bed he’d tucked Cas away into after his bath is still full of angel like he left it. It’s the same feeling that has made Dean check on Sam in the middle of the night at least once a week since they were children.
“And you keep wasting it on my bad dreams?” he rasps. Cas’s knee is copper-stained, partially cleaned. It isn’t a deep scrape, just long. Dean’s steady hands are trembling. “It’s your
“Well.” Sam rubs over the back of his neck. “That’s the thing. Eileen and I are trying to set up something like that, actually.”
“Y’know, Eileen and Jody will be back soon,” Sam says. He thumbs over to the next picture, which is a blurry shot of a cereal brand Cas wanted Dean to remember he likes. “You guys don’t have to stick around.”
had both been big hits, whereas Disney movies bothered him with their internal inconsistencies and normal TV, even the damn food network — although riveting — usually stressed him out after a while. Just too foreign, Dean guessed. On the other hand, Cas adored the muppets, which baffled Sam and Dean both.
Dean waved him off before the angel could say the kind of devastating things that usually came after his gratitude. Cas saying ‘thank you’ invoked Dean’s fight or flight response for a reason, after all.
Cas’s other eyebrow joins the first as he swings both legs over the side of the chair and follows Dean to the garage, where Dean gestures unceremoniously to the bee box waiting center stage.
Dean felt Cas’s gaze land on him again, but he purposefully didn’t return it, just bit too hard into a piece of toast and scrunched one of the paper napkins they’d stolen from a rest stop diner very small in his hand.
brain waves into the back of Dean’s skull the entire time Dean was grabbing a bag of frozen peas and wrapping them in a dish towel, and all Dean could do was huff, turning on his heel to face him.
Sam looks at the closed door behind which Dean hopes Cas is actually resting. He sighs, crossing his arms over his chest, and Dean is suddenly more claustrophobic than he knows how to handle.
“This is getting harder for you, isn’t it,” Dean says. He wipes away drying blood, his touch brisk and workmanlike. “Healing. Using your grace.”
Feeling like something that won’t hold up under scrutiny, Dean folds his arms behind his head and puts on his cockiest smirk. “See something you like?” he drawls. “Take a picture, it’ll last longer.”
Dean smiles. It’s a sweet thought, if a little painfully earnest. “C’mon, bud,” he says. “Be selfish for once.”
Dean flushes again. Cas sounds way too intrigued. “Just come here,” he says. “Less staring, more touching.”
Cas closes his eyes again. Dean wonders if he’s imagining it, tucking himself into bed in his mind’s eye — his hands are folded politely over his stomach, but Dean’s slept beside him before, and he’s usually a lot more grabby, curled up on his side.
Forget-me-nots are beginning to overflow the area Cas marked for them. Queen Anne’s Lace bursts up through the blooms every once in a while, contributing to the cascade, followed by snapdragons of every color. Those are new. Cas angrily planted them while Dean was at the bar. Behind them are nasturtium, all the more orange for the mess of herbs asserting themselves in patches to interrupt the blossoms, then the bluebells, and then Cas’s love, rotting on the vine.
That whole day is a mess of gut-wrenching moments strung together like pearls on a chain in Dean’s memory. He tries not to remember them in the rare times he can avoid it. The look on Cas's face just before he died is seared into the backs of Dean's eyes, the helpless swoop in his gut at the knowledge that he'd failed him again, as always. Sometimes at night Dean replays that final moment over and over again, Cas's bloody handprint still warm on his bicep, Cas’s face awash in prayerful bliss just before the darkness swallowed him up in covetous tendrils. Dean rarely recalls what words were exchanged.
Dean had said, and wouldn’t have thought any more about it if Cas’s eyes hadn’t started shining like cut diamonds in his face.)
Dean rolls his eyes as he looks back up at Orion’s boxy body, weapon held high. “You know way too much about this stuff, dude.”
He made a soft noise of protest when Cas pulled out, but didn’t move until Cas was through knotting the condom and started untying his wrists. The look on Cas’s face was slightly concerned, like maybe he was worried he’d gone too far, so Dean cupped the back of his head and pulled him into a kiss once his hands were free.
Dean had dragged Sam out of college to hunt down Yellow Eyes, all those years ago. He isn’t honestly all that surprised to hear there’s some of that color inside him after all, although he’s positive that isn’t what Cas meant when he said he could see Dean down to the soul, piercing through scars and shame to supposedly strike gold.
Cas takes the bottle and pours some carefully into his hand. Who taught him to do that, too? Dean should have been the one, he should have taken Cas to a motel room instead of that stupid brothel way back when, although that could very well have screwed things up for them more in the long run. Still. Jealousy eats into him like rust through sheet metal, at least until Cas wraps a slick hand around him and strokes, wet and smooth as anything.
“Are you real?” he asks. When he glances up again, he’s only a little surprised to see that Cas has joined him, suit pant legs rolled up to the knees so they won’t get wet as he dips his own toes in. “The real Cas, I mean.”
“You ever lose somebody?” Dean asks, which is exactly the kind of sad-sack old man question he shouldn’t ask a bartender. He would be more disgusted with himself if his head wasn’t swimming pleasantly. “Somebody you shoulda been looking after?”
Dean sways forward until his forehead is touching Cas’s thigh. With the torn jeans in a puddle on the floor, Cas’s leg is bare beneath him, firm and soft. Dark, wiry hair whispers against Dean’s cheek. He needs to finish cleaning the scrape so he can bandage it.
Dean’s face threatened to crumple, mouth twisting up. Cas seemed to sense the breaking point right before Dean did, concern washing over him, and a moment later was ready to catch Dean up in his arms the second that he started making terrible animal noises and needed to shove his face as deep into the crook of Cas’s neck as he was able.
“Holy fucking shit,” he wheezes. Cas removes his fingers carefully, wiping them on the bedsheets afterward. Dean’s too blissed out to give a damn.
This was true, but Dean felt weird asking to use Cas’s angelic superpowers for normal mundane things. He used ‘em enough for the big deal shit already.
Cas is looking at him with those big, serious basset-hound eyes of his. Dean is hyper-aware of Cas’s elbow at the back of his neck, the wet skid of skin on skin as they shift and rock, bolstered up by the waves that whip to life in the breeze.
Cas pulls Dean’s hand into his lap, which is answer enough on its own. Dean likes the way he can feel the firmness and solidity of Cas’s thigh against the backs of his knuckles.
Cas sticks his head through the garage door around lunch time, ruffled from his hair drying weird after their swimming adventure. Dean manages to look him square in the eye for a couple seconds before his gaze has to flicker away, back to the bolt he’s tightening.
“Yeah,” he straightened his trench coat which along with his clothes he’d rematerialised and followed her out into the early morning air. It was cool, the sky was clear and full of fluffy clouds, a lovely day. Cas touched Meg’s shoulder, engaged his wings and screamed.
“Whatever douchebag, just don’t get yourself ass deep in alligators. I don’t want to have to save you. I have a rep you know, can’t go around saving people, especially angels.”
Cas smiled, knowing that she knew. It made him happy that his sudden foray into human emotion hadn’t affected their friendship.
Placing an expensive bottle of champagne on the table, Cas sighed and turned it around as if unsure what to say. Dean marvelled at the nervous habit, this was the guy who had circled the room like a pro all night. Making conversation and connections as easily as breathing and now he was nervous?
“Yeah, got tonight off from the corporate machine so I thought I’d come say hi to my favourite feathered friend.”
“Get that mess cleaned up and get your ass back here. This whole thing is turning into one giant shit show and I want you home. All of you,” Dean signed off.
“He’s joking Meg,” Cas said cutting her off. They moved back to sit in the library, Dean stood behind him rather than sitting meaning he didn’t plan to stay which made Cas’ heart ache. Even the small distance from here to the bedroom had felt like miles, how were either of them supposed to function like this?
Cas heart throbbed and it shocked him, emotions. Serious emotions sizzled through his chest, not the shallow, dull buzz he dealt with day to day. These were the kinds of emotions that the other races discussed but he’d never felt. Well, until now. The man passed out and Cas started to panic which was new.
Ruby and Sam stared at him. “No Dean, I didn’t because you’re the only one to ever come back and stay alive! Maybe I don’t want to risk my family? Maybe I want to go and see my boyfriend? Maybe I’m tired of running the resistance and I maybe wanna go hide in Canada forever!”
‘You’re a damn moron if you think I’m leaving you to deal with this alone. You’ve been gone for days! You said you would call, you didn’t so here I am.’
Rolling his eyes, Dean stood and stretched. The leather of his worn brown jacket creaked as the damp of the rain created friction in the creases. “I’m gonna take a leak,” he said throwing the binoculars to Sam, “Just keep watch and don’t move.”
Tears trailed down Cas’ cheeks as he dressed, “Dean, I can’t do that. I can’t hide until you find your balls or your bastard of a father dies.”
Cas spread his wings slowly in anticipation of pain but nothing happened except the pop of air moving around him as he disappeared. He landed in a cornfield outside of the bunker less than a mile away with the cool breeze slapping against his skin. As he spread them to return the field began to blur.
Rubbing the paper under his rough fingers while staring over the city lights, pain and love fought for supremacy. How could you fall in love so fast? How could someone be so much to him in such a short space of time? As he watched the night pass he replaced the evening over in his mind until he was no longer in the present but immersed in the memory of Cas.
Max cringed, “Can you make sure he doesn’t take it out on me this time? I mean, I love running laps, I do but three days was a little excessive. And it wasn’t even my fault we got trapped by those insurgents, it was yours.”
“I like you, Max, I do. You’re my closest friend but you have to come with me. I have to get the scroll before my brothers do or, well, there will be hell to pay, literally.”
Grinning, Dean slapped Cas’ arm, “That’s awesome Cas, just awesome. So let's find ourselves a witch.”
“How Cas?” She replied, “How? We can’t take him. As far as that little display outside demonstrated, you’re basically joined at the what? Soul?”
They both glanced around the room and Dean took a moment to admire Cas as he cringed at the mess. Paying those people so much more than he needed too? Yeah, this guy was amazing.
Cas leaned in and kissed his neck as a finger slid into his hole and then out. Dean gasped but relaxed into the tender care that was being shown. Kisses found that soft place behind his ear, then the lobe where Cas decided to bite a little. Dean’s cock stirred, fighting the fatigue but it was nice, it was horny but also simply Cas saying thank you. Dean had never experienced aftercare like this not even from people who claimed to love him. The tender man wiped his hand on a towel before returning to stroke Dean’s skin. He took several long minutes to caress every inch of Dean’s aching body then chase the touch with kisses. A contented sigh slipped from his lips as Cas mopped up the excess cum dripping down his ass and thighs. Once he was done the Angel pressed himself tightly against Dean’s back. To complete the perfection solid arms wrapped tightly around him. The sheet covered them chest to toe and Dean sighed, he was sated, warm, comfortable and safe.
The one named Castiel frowned and replied, “You are wanted by the human police Uriel. Anna won’t take you in, she doesn’t feel it is important enough to expend resources on. For this, I will bend our agreement of non-interference. Human children are off-limits! Your desires are abhorrent and as they cannot contain you, I will resolve their issue for them.”
“Hello, Dean.” The angel replied as he appeared immediately in his path. Dean slid to a stop but wasn’t fast enough and crashed right into Cas' solid chest. Bouncing off the man, Dean landed on his ass on the cold floor and glanced up at his friend.
“Babe.” Dean smiled and grabbed the other man’s shoulder, “That won't happen… I swear. We can do this together once I tell him.”
Dean frowned at the internal struggle in his chest. There was no way he could take an Angel to the base, none, but the thought of leaving Castiel was strangely painful. “Maybe I’ll stay?” he said but wasn’t sure it was a good idea even as the words left his mouth.
Dean’s heart pounded, he could have cried, he missed that smile so much. Two thick fingers worked inside him and forced a low hiss from between gritted teeth. Cas worked him open without a word, there was no need for words. Dean could feel every push and stroke as Cas wriggled inside him, it was amazing. His whole body was on fire and if he died right now then he’d die happy. Cas’ naked body teased him, so close yet so far. Once his opening was ready Cas moved up to his slick hole and pressed his wide cock in. They stared into each other's eyes; it didn’t waver for one second as Cas worked each of the eight inches into him. Every thrust felt like coming home, like bliss and like every torturous dream since they’d split. Hands slid over his skin and his eyes rolled back in his head, Dean slid his sweaty palms over Cas’ arms and as he bottomed out Cas pulled Dean’s hand to his hip. On opening his eyes Dean saw what the gorgeous man was drawing his attention to. On his left hip on one that perfect space where his jeans sometimes ducked low and expose tanned flesh sat Dean’s initials. As Cas’ cock sat buried up to the hit in his ass a single tear slid down Cas’ cheek.
“I know every bar, every note, every syllable of that song as if I’d written it myself. I listened too it until I hated it and then I listened to it again. I listened to it between every song on your album so that whenever I heard your voice I’d remember how much I hurt you and myself the last time we spoke. I swore- I swore if I ever had the chance to tell you I would, so here goes. I was a jack ass, I was a coward and I should have told my Dad to shove his company. I should have gone with you and loved you up close instead of from my gilded glass prison on the 56th floor of my office block. I should have been there with you as you recorded each of those amazing songs and I should have been there when you sold out Madison Square Garden. I should have told you then what I only realised once you left me standing in a towel watching you go. I love you, I have always loved you and if you leave right now. If you never say another word after I finish this, then that will be fine because I least I got to tell you that you are the best thing that ever happened to me, you were and are my life Castiel and there will never be anyone who comes close to being you for me.”
It also makes him want to shake Cas and demand he take it all back, all the hundreds of ways he’s bled for them on the assumption that Dean knows what he’s doing.
“PB&J is my favorite kind of sandwich too,” Cas offers. Lilah turns her big sad eyes on him next, really absorbing him. He smiles and takes a couple steps forward, shoes crunching on the gravel, only to crouch down several feet away from the door. “That’s an impressive scrape you have there. May I fix it?”
Dean doesn’t rise to the bait, he wasn’t born yesterday. It feels good to be back to more comfortable territory, anyway,
The one big window lets in enough sunshine to drown the room in shades of white afternoon gold. It lights up one side of Cas’s head and his hunched shoulders, and Dean thinks of the beautiful room that Heaven trapped him in while trying to make him say yes to Michael, one of the few other times in his life Cas has ever turned his back to him.
“Look.” Dean doesn’t have to see him to know Sam’s pinching the bridge of his nose between forefinger and thumb. “I don't wanna explain it over the phone. Can you get to the bunker by tomorrow?”
Regardless, he walks Sam out to the trailer all the same, grateful to be putting a couple paces of distance between himself and Cas. He watches Sam get buckled and waits for the hysteria to hit, the way it always does when they’re separated for more than a couple days — he leans up against the driver’s side door with that anticipation of distress hovering in the back of his chest, rumbling its displeasure.
That isn’t the plan, though. Dean shakes his head. “Nah. Cas’n me will catch our rhythm. You go woo your lady friend.”
“And frankly too much potting soil,” Cas agrees sheepishly. “However, I’m prepared to begin garden construction as soon as I’ve cleared out the area.”
It is, Dean notes with some chagrin, the exact tone of voice Cas uses to talk to any other wounded animal — Dean included. It seems to do the trick this time as well, because Lilah nods and makes the universal arms-raised
There aren’t any windows in the bunker, and the soil up topside is dry and full of clay. The idea of housing an angel underground where the sunlight can’t reach feels absurd in retrospect, like growing houseplants in full darkness, or burying a songbird alive. Dean doesn’t know what he was thinking. He hopes the ‘somewhere else’ Cas found to hang out in isn’t Jack’s room, and that he isn’t just wandering the halls instead, pale and untethered as any other ghost that haunts a grave site.
“That’s the prayer for putting it up. Now you kiss it,” Cas instructs him. “Touch it every time you cross the doorway, then kiss your fingertips.”
Dean wasn’t sure what it meant, that he was used to it now. That he could almost sense the way the air changed right before Cas appeared, the barely-there taste of copper on the back of his tongue.
The neurons in Dean’s brain keep firing at strange intervals, incapable of taking in each new stimulus as it comes. There’s Cas, rucking up Dean’s t-shirt so he can palm from his belly to his ribs. There’s the pleasant scrape of Cas’s stubble against the underside of his jaw. There’s Cas’s knee insinuating itself between Dean’s, pressing their bodies closer together, prompting Dean to hook his calf around Cas’s leg. Intellectually, he knows all of these things are happening at once, but he catches them in sharp, jerky flashes.
The covers have become stifling, so Dean tosses them off his legs and slides out of bed before he can think too hard about it. He knows the window is locked securely. He checks it anyway. His gun is where he left it, loose in its holster, at an angle on top of the new dresser. He opens his sock drawer just to run fingertips across the tops of all his little salve and tincture labels, the box of extra bullets, the damp flask of holy water. He has everything he needs. His heart is still doing double-time in his chest anyway, useless adrenaline an oil slick in his belly.
Cas went very still with his mouth frozen against Dean’s neck. He cautiously thumbed over the silky-soft raised bump of scar tissue, and Dean swallowed hard, pulse springing to life under it. The twin wounds had healed badly, stretched out too soon after scarring over, and he’d had some nerve damage as well — it had taken a long time for feeling to return to his chest, and even then, it’d been patchy at best.
Cas was focused on his eggs. He didn’t really need to join them, strictly speaking, but he always seemed half-starved for rituals no matter what they were, holy ones and boring human ones weighed with the same gravity. Praying and breakfasting were the same, for him. Dean watched him out of the corner of his eye.
He may not carry his pistol around with him all the time anymore, but his swiss army knife is in his pocket like always, and he flicks it open with a practiced snap of his thumb. He scratches D.W. into one corner of the flat top, then hesitates. Biting the tip of his tongue, he adds C.W. beside it.
“I heard you,” Jack tells him. He’s grinning when he finally steps back. “You said to get here before the food got cold.”
The first is that Cas is dead asleep on top of him. They’ve transitioned at some point to actually lying down, Dean with his head on the arm of the couch, Cas on top of him in a sprawl. One of his legs is wedged between the back of the sofa and Dean’s body, trying to shove him off, while the other is wrapped tight around his hip, keeping him from toppling over. It leaves Dean hanging half off the cushion, body angled precariously toward Cas as he holds on for dear life. One of Cas’s hands is shoved up the back of Dean’s shirt. It is so exquisitely good that it's almost unbearable.
“I thought shorts would be undignified, initially,” Cas says behind him. “But now I think I like them after all.”
Cas takes his hand back from where it had still been resting at the center of Dean’s spine. “That won’t be necessary,” he says. His face is turned so that it’s covered once more by darkness.
Dean stripped out of his nasty hunting clothes and tossed them into the dirty clothes pile, making a mental note to do more laundry soon before the lump of flannel started to actually loom.
Bobby used to have one of those at his front door. Dean had always assumed it was warding of some kind, until Rufus blew air out the side of his mouth and said,
Dean had plans to stain the deck today, he remembers. Light cherry on cedar. Even just the thought of driving to the hardware store has him squeezing his eyes closed, heart still racing a mile a minute in his chest, trying to catch up with the knowledge that he’s okay. A not insignificant part of him wants to bury his head in his pillow again for hours.
Cas is suddenly touching his face, tipping it up so that he’s caught in a snare between two palms. Dean is helpless to look at him, to see the intensity with which Cas holds his gaze, dirt-smudged at the cheek and jaw and on fire right behind the eyes.
Cas tied his hands to the headboard, and Dean flexed his wrists a little to feel the silky-smooth give of the tie against them. “This for you or for me?” he asked.
Cas is inside him, and the awkward discomfort of his first entry is thawing out into an ache so exquisite that Dean’s eyes sting. Cas is inside him, and this is sex, somehow, even with tears leaking down Dean’s temples and into his ears, his hair.
The bunker doesn’t look any different, at least from the outside. Whatever wards Cas is sensing aren’t visible to the naked eye. Dean can’t see much past the door, either, because as soon as Cas tries to shoulder inside, Sam is bounding up the steps to herd them back out.
“Would you let me?” Cas asks. He strokes Dean’s dick twice more, long, slow pulls. Then his hand drifts further between Dean’s legs. “Would you let me in?”
“Jesus Christ,” Dean muttered. After a couple loaded seconds, he grabbed a tape and shoved it into the deck so he wouldn’t have to keep talking.
Cas shudders from head to foot and bows into him, clumsy as he tugs Dean’s shirt up once more. Dean gets with the program this time and shucks it off, lobbing it toward the hamper, immediately going for Cas’s shirt as well. Jesus Christ, they must be leaving a genuine trail of clothing behind them as they stagger to the bed, his pants and Cas’s shorts and then both their underwear too, Dean hopping on one foot briefly to kick off his briefs before he topples over onto the mattress.
A panicky-sharp throb of pleasure warned Dean he was getting close, and he tried to communicate this to Cas by tugging his hair with more urgency — Cas just dropped his jaw and doubled down on his efforts, and Dean came a moment later with his heart in his throat and Cas’s name on his lips. He fell backward to rest on one propped-up elbow and shuddered through it, other hand still buried in Cas’s hair.
Cas’s own bedroom is only furnished with the things Dean twisted his arm to purchase, and a handful of knickknacks he’s accumulated over the years. A couple of Dean’s shirts mixed in with his laundry. Bare walls, clean desk. The hell is he doing with another room?
He buys Cas soft serve on their way out as a peace offering, which Cas appreciates with slightly more gusto than his usual reaction to food; that is, he takes more than one bite of it before offering it to Dean, turning the spoon upside down in his mouth with a thoughtful noise.
Dean swore as soon as he got Cas’s mouth on him. Usually he’d have put his hands in Cas’s hair by now, just to retain some pretense that he was the one in charge, but his hands were otherwise occupied and he couldn’t do anything but arch his back and curl his toes.
The afternoon has slid improbably quick into sunset, red-gold sky streaking like wet sidewalk chalk across the water. Dean is forty-two years old and his kid is God, and his best friend has come back from the dead enough times to put Lazarus to shame. Not that Dean has any room to talk.
Maybe eggs were just that riveting, though. Sam seemed content enough to poke the pan with a wooden spoon and whistle to himself tunelessly, and Dean felt the same little frisson of strangeness that he always felt when he envisioned their current life through different eyes. Sam liked the domestic thing, liked playing house. There were some days Dean wished he could give it to him in a way that wasn’t just between jobs.
“Would you prefer I take it easy on you, son of Adam?” Cas murmurs, leaning down a little farther, so that the hem of his rucked-up shirt from scuffling brushes Dean’s stomach. “Dean
“The one and only time I had sex, it was under false pretenses and I was stabbed afterward,” Cas says dryly. “I’m not sure it counts.”
Dean doesn’t know what that means, but Cas picks out the dark wood bookcase, so that’s that. Wringing a choice of bedding out of him takes another three or four concentrated bursts of point-blank questioning, going on long enough that Dean is tempted to throttle him into making a decision, but they end up at the checkout line with an armful of blue sheets and blankets, so he tries to take the win for what it is.
Cas loves him. He wrestled Dean to the floor and pinned him there because that’s the only way Dean will sit still and stop picking a fight. He drinks all of Dean’s coffee in the mornings and sets the dinner table while Dean cooks in the evenings, and keeps trying beer even though he hates it, because he wants to like the things Dean does. He routinely falls asleep on the couch with a book on his chest and his feet in Dean’s lap with the television turned down low so as not to wake him. Cas is here, living in a house Dean is fixing from the ground up because — he is staying here through his grief because he —
Dean takes the knapsack off Cas’s shoulder and heaves it up onto his own before Cas can do more than make a protesting sound. “I still got half a tank,” he says. “We’ll fill’er up on the way.”
“I was taking a walk by the lake.” Cas struggles out of his shoes and then his jeans, shoving them down his hips so he can kick them off and check the damage. His left ankle is almost the size of a grapefruit. “My toe got caught on a rock and I fell.”
“Maybe it would have been good if we ran away,” Sam says. He actually does touch Dean this time, clasping his shoulder. “But I like where we ended up.”
Cas takes his time answering. He's looking out the window, and Dean can’t see his reflection this time, not this early in the day, so he has no idea what Cas’s face is doing. “I favor a religion that encourages asking questions,” he says very softly, and Dean decides to quit while he’s ahead.
It takes six torturous seconds for Cas to understand what he’s looking at. He approaches it with a curious expression, kneeling in front of the deep supers to inspect them, tucking his thumb just inside until he can tap against the honey frames. “Oh!” His face lights up. “It’s for keeping bees.” His eyes jump from the blue sheen of the box to Dean’s paint-stained jeans, whole face going slack with tender surprise. “Did you — did you
“Everything’s fine, Dean,” Sam says, voice sounding far away and exasperated over the phone. “It’s one single werewolf, I think we can handle ourselves.”
Dean ignores him. Sam offers a coffee cup of his own that Dean accepts, leaning against the counter to sip it with his hackles still raised. Cas at least has the good graces to look abashed, very quiet at the table, pale hands cradling the cup between them the way one might a fragile bird’s egg.
The hood of the Impala is sun-warm and pleasant against the backs of Dean’s legs. Cas’s knee is another point of warm contact against his thigh, the two of them sitting close enough that they can’t help but nudge up against each other, elbow to elbow and hip to hip. Cas offers him a sip of coffee out of a thermos that Dean accepts.
“It’s fine,” Dean says automatically. He glances at Cas, relieved to find that his knee-jerk reply is correct. It is fine. Cas was just making conversation. “Anyway. What about you, huh?”
Then he bothers to look out the window, and he fumbles to turn the stove off so fast he burns his wrist on the edge of the pan by accident. It takes him five long strides to exit the house, heart in his throat, throwing the screen door almost off its hinges in his hurry. Cas is rocking back and forth, crushing a smaller figure to his chest. Dean lurches to a stop a couple feet behind them.
Dean does the opposite of that and braces his free hand against the sink with a scowl. “If that was true, you’d just tell me what the hell you’re doing.”
Oh, God, they’re making out against his car. Dean’s whole body curls in toward Cas, he can’t help but grasp at him, muffling a very telling noise by making it directly into Cas’s mouth. Cas’s answering laugh is a breathless, awed little thing. Dean kisses him and kisses him.
He barrels into the house, wraps his jacket around his arm to bust down the front door he spent so long refitting to the framing. Glass shatters, wood splintering as a beam from the high ceiling comes crashing down with another wave of hot air. Dean skids down the hallway, he's moving so fast, shouting “Cas!
“He lost his kid pretty recently,” he says after a long beat. “My, uh. My buddy Cas. I helped out some, he was pretty much — y’know. Kid was basically my kid, too.”
Dean sleeps like shit, their last night at the bunker, but what else is new. He’s pretty much packed up, none of them really have all that much shit, aside from clothes and assorted weapons and magical paraphernalia, but he’s also pretty attached to his memory foam mattress and Cas has accumulated at least a small bag’s worth of knickknacks over the years.
Dean was trembling. He’d been shying away from falling into this soft kind of thing with Cas from the beginning; it was pretty telling that Cas had had to tie him up before he got him to kiss him like they were in love or something. Quick fucks between hunts or whenever they got especially restless were a lot easier to cope with than the honey-thick affection lurking in the married kisses Cas was dragging down his throat.
Cas has let his arm fall back off his face by now, eyes mostly-lidded as he watches Dean pour antiseptic onto a cotton ball for cleaning the wound. Even in his peripheral vision, Dean can see the way Cas is tracking his movements.
“Yeah, yeah, Cas, c’mon,” Dean murmured as he helped Cas with his belt, like he was the one who needed coaxing to bed like a frightened animal.
He can hear Sam laughing a couple rooms over. It makes him smile as he swings his legs over the side of the bed and locates where he tossed his pants last night, which turns out to be across the back of a chair, his shirt abandoned on the floor nearby. He’s rubbing at bleary eyes when he stumbles into the kitchen, squinting at Sam and Cas, both of whom look very awake.
What the hell he gets out of a random vegetable, Dean can’t guess. Cas’s eating habits have always been impossible to predict, his tastes both odd and variable, influenced by forces Dean can’t perceive or maybe just his current whims. Dean watches Cas fiddle with his chopsticks. The flex of his wrist is a human enough gesture that it makes Dean’s chest feel funny to look at it, at the way his fingers curl.
Dean’s still looking down at the pan when it happens, so Cas is the one who spots it first, going stiff as a board. Then the warmth of Cas’s body is removed from Dean’s back all of a sudden, front door slamming open before Dean can register what the hell is happening.
Dean’s head lolls forward to hang between his arms. He has to fucking — he’s gotta — there must be something he can do. Something
They both pile into the car, bags in the backseat, a thermos of coffee between them that Cas over-brewed to the point of becoming sludge. Dean takes a long swig as he glances in the rear view mirror, then another, before passing it off to Cas. There’s the house behind them, sitting squat and proud — thin moonlight glints off the window panes, glassy like eyes. Dean gets a funny tickle in the back of his throat at the sight.
Sam holds up his hands in surrender, but his eyes are worried, and Dean’s got a sick feeling in his stomach that agrees with him.
Cas raises the almost-empty coffee thermos to his nose and sniffs, then pulls a face as he puts it back down. His knee is resting against the center console. Dean lets his right hand drift down so the back of it brushes against Cas’s jeans, denim catching on the webbing between forefinger and thumb.
The upstairs is in a lot better shape than downstairs. That’s kind of promising, actually, although the stair banister could use some serious work, listing a little to the side. Definitely sanding and refinishing, he decides, patting the wood with an absent hand as he lets Cas lead him to the end of the hall.
“We might need to get you reading glasses, bud,” Dean says, tossing himself down in the seat next to him.
He knows it’s Sam at his back without turning, just from the way the door opens. “Where’s Eileen?” he asks.
Feeling all of fifteen years old on his very first date, Dean stretches as subtly as he’s able and drapes his arm along the back of the couch like it’s normal, like this is something they’ve done a hundred thousand times before. Cas’s body is close enough to warm the inside of his arm, making him hyper-aware of every place they are and aren’t touching. More the latter than the former, though. He lets curled knuckles brush across the back of Cas’s shoulder, testing the waters.
before he feels the tell-tale cool burn of grace where they’re touching and his eyelids immediately droop. The contrast in temperature with the muggy room makes Dean shiver.
“Do you feel this?” Cas started to pick up the pace, free hand smoothing down Dean’s belly again, thumbing his clit as he fucked him. “Do you feel how much I love you?”
Cas is absorbed in a book at the kitchen table when Dean finds him in the morning, chin in hand, elbow propped up on the table. It’s an indisputable fact that he probably learned his bad posture from Dean. He’s holding the book very close to his face.
“It’s a little bit of a fixer-upper,” the real estate lady admits, bangles clinking on her wrist as she gestures. “But the bones are good. She’s a sturdy little house.”
Cas rubbed his thumb over the curled knuckle of Dean’s trigger finger. “Be not afraid,” he said in an exaggerated whisper.
Dean snorted. Cas could have done anything in the process of rebuilding Dean from the ground up, could’ve given him a real dick, could’ve swung the opposite direction and made it like Dean had never intervened on his body in the first place. That idea filled him with so much horror he could have choked on it — clawing his way out of his own grave to find he’d died after all —
It isn’t until he’s rinsed Cas’s face that he realizes just how haggard the guy looks, dark circles under his eyes and cracked, chapped lips. Dean wrings out the washcloth over the tub and gets more soap.
“Do it.” Dean jerks him off faster, the pad of his thumb catching on the spot just beneath the head. “Do it just like that. On me.”
Cas complies, making a small sound when he stretches out his long limbs and leans into Dean’s body. His head falls against Dean’s shoulder. Dark wet hair tickles Dean’s jaw.
Dean’s shoulders creep up toward his ears, as if that can cover the fact that he’s blushing. He’s been prodding the toothache of Cas leaving ever since he left, but he doesn’t usually try to run himself off the highway about it.
Dean, barefoot and still holding his coffee cup, obeys in a daze. He crouches down next to Cas and the new flowers, pansies in yellow and indigo, poppies the size of fists, long stalks of lavender waving in the breeze.
Dean shoots him a look. “He woke up from being dead and his son’s God. We’ll talk about it when he wants to.”
Cas’s arm tightens around him. A mild breeze slides up Dean’s shirt where Cas’s touching has rucked it up an inch or two, a cool and pleasant reprieve on hot skin. Dean is forty-two years old and is being held by an angel while he watches his son play with his brother, and there is nothing evil on their tail to cheapen the sugar-shine of the lake off in the distance by their home. A djinn couldn’t have whipped up a dream this sweet.
“I made a decision,” Jack says, taking a step back from Cas. He squares his shoulders and takes a deep breath. “I gathered all the reapers I could find, and I split up Chuck’s powers between them.”
“Well, uh.” Sam has the decency to look chagrined, at least. “She’s not exactly a huge talker, and Lilah’s pretty little.”
No, it would have to be something much more strange, something Dean would never anticipate. That’s one of the things he likes best about Cas, that he’s never exactly what Dean expects, even after all these years.
He’s no Sam, but he can use the internet fine, and instructions weren’t hard to locate — it’ll take him more than one afternoon, but c’mon, it’s a box. He can handle a box.
Cas is still looking at Dean when he says, “It’s either that or watch you sleep, and I’ve been told that’s off-putting.”
it like this, floorboards to banister with his own goddamn elbow grease. He couldn’t get lost if he tried.
Electricity crackled audibly in the air. Dean’s shoulders tensed. He could still remember what it felt like to have windows explode around him when Cas spoke to him, enveloped by static, certain that the world was about to collapse around him.
Sam’s expression goes both pinched and warm at the same time. “C’mere, Lilah,” he says, turning to the door and holding out his hand. “This is my big brother Dean and our best friend Cas, remember when I told you about them?”
Every time Dean looks at him, Cas has picked up more steam. The grass is all gone by the end of the first week, dirt and fresh compost laid out and doing whatever the hell freshly churned dirt needs to do by the end of the second. Cas teaches him how to test the soil with a nitrogen kit from the flower nursery, then shows off by licking a finger he stuck in the ground and getting more accurate results.
