“Oh, the pretty things I’m going to carve into you,” the demon hissed, its human eyes rolling back to reveal white, dull looking eyes. “I’ve always wanted to dissect one of you pigeons. Cut you from toe to wing-tip, and peel away the flesh to see the form beneath.”
As usual, the moment it hit his tongue, he was drunk on it, unrelenting and eager for more. It tasted sweet and delicious, and it filled his belly with a warmth that was contagious, that spread through his entire body like a hot summer’s day. Dean hummed against her skin, his eyebrows knitting together as he drank more desperately.
“Wh-what’s wrong?” Sam asked, his voice tight. “Fuck, this apartment is so damn humid and gross. First thing tomorrow, we find another one… Cas? Hey, what’s happening? Are you okay?”
Ugh. Naomi. Castiel didn’t want to talk about Naomi, and he did not want to even begin to talk about why Uriel and Naomi were buddies all of a sudden.
Yes, yes, yes...” Castiel agreed, her fingers trailing softly over the Duke’s earlobe. “We can explore anything you want tonight, Duke. We can explore for as long as you want, wherever and however you want. I am yours, surely you must know.”
Uriel’s hand was over Castiel’s mouth in a firm clap, the hit making Castiel see stars for a moment, partially convinced his jaw was broken.
“Oh,” he murmured, realizing that she wanted him to play along. He recited the next line from memory; “
“Anyway, this is, uh, a collaborative type of thing,” Dean went on, trying to get back on track. “So I did want to speak to you first and go over some details. I thought maybe I could get your approval on some creative choices.”
Holding his breath, Dean grabbed the knife. Up against the far wall, Alastair had straddled Cas’ thighs, and was yanking her around by her hair. The vision made Dean’s blood boil, and he vowed that if he could find a way, he’d obliterate Alastair off the face of the planet.
“Again?” Dean groaned. “Didn’t we think that was happening a few years back, but it ended up being one of the horsemen?”
Maybe Castiel hadn’t known Samandriel was his son, but he and Hannah lead this community of wayward angels. They kept everyone together. They’d been parents to Samandriel in their own way, to all of them.
Everyone watched her lean over the edge of the bed and pick up Sam’s tie off the floor. She passed the dark blue accessory over to Charlie, who gasped.
“My babies,” she repeated, her voice careful, calculated. “Birthed you, clothed you, and tried to protect you, but all that got me was dead.”
Cas inhaled sharply, tears beading up on his lashes. He trembled in Dean’s hands. “They followed me down here a-and eventually they’ll all be slaughtered because of
Upstairs, once Sam had carefully pushed open Dean’s door, moving slowly to alert Dean that he was no longer alone, he found that the damage to the room was actually almost nothing compared to Bobby’s living room and kitchen, though there was a shattered water glass on the floor and bloody footprints across the hard wood.
He stared at her, not understanding, but then Winchester finally spoke up, his voice hoarse. “Take the pill, man. It gets rid of your boner.”
the nephil communicate. It was small, barely bigger than a cantaloupe under his muscled stomach, but it sent him feelings of comfort and ease when he felt the spike of fear, or anger, or grief.
“How we want you to perform, you would not be able to manage on your own,” she replied, eyes occupied as she tugged on the chains, checking their durability. She kneeled by his feet and locked his ankles in as well. When she rose again, eye-level with him, he thought he saw pity flit across her features for a moment. “It’s better this way. The sample collection is easier, more streamlined. It’s quicker.”
Anna spat at him, but Zachariah simply walked out of the room, humming and snapping a song under his breath.
inside me feels burdened. I-I’m overheating and nothing is helping. This entire apartment feels too small. I...”
“T-I-M-E-T-O-D!” Hannah sang into the night, her arms around Sam’s broad shoulders as she got a piggy-back ride from Sam. The blue tie that had hung off Sam’s neck all night was now tied around her head, flopping against her cheek. “Blah, blah, blah, it’s time to DANCE!”
Castiel nodded slowly. “Then fuck me fast on this copier, so we can get our work done, and then you take me out for a drink after.”
“Dean,” he grunted raspily, his voice thick with sleep, his hand patting across the bed in a clumsy manner. When he felt nothing but cold sheets, he lifted his head and squinted blearily around the room. “Dean?”
Castiel saw stars as he turned a corner and was shoved sideways into a wall. A hand gripped his hair and knocked his head against the hard marble for good measure. His vision blurred and with his head feeling like it had been split open, Castiel hissed and slid down the wall, his shoulder squeaking and skidding over the cold surface.
“Dude, are you fucking kidding me?” Dean exclaimed, turning red. ”You swore you wouldn’t tell anyone about that and now
Lowering his gaze back to the scene of sorrow, Dean curled forward too, wrapping an arm entirely around Castiel’s shoulders, pulling him up, away from Hannah.
“It’s about all of those things,” Dean interrupted, catching Castiel’s gaze after she tore it away from Zachariah. The Duke was too busy shaking his head at Ash, Sam, Charlie and Kevin.
Feeling his face heat up, Castiel shifted his feet, his eyes narrowing at Dean. “Why do you have lubricant at the office?”
Dean pulled his hips back and was horrified to realize Cas had been yanked off the edge of the sink, their hips fuzed together. Cas hissed in pain and his hands scrambled back to grab the sink, to regain his balance in the midst of coming back down from whatever the fuck just happened between them.
“No,” Sam snorted, turning back to his laptop. “I’m referring to all the Cas’ we know that have showed up in our lives recently. Yeah, Cas-Cas.”
But as Cas’ white cotton fell open with every button unwoven from the holes of his shirt, Dean’s nose filled with the scent of rain and lightning, that clean, powerful smell that was
Dean’s heart dropped. He felt a discomfort in his stomach that made his insides go cold, and he looked up in time to see Sam retreat from the washroom, a grave look on his face.
“I feel you,” the other man said, looking distant in his eyes for a moment before his hand tightened around the railing of Cas’ bunk and he drummed his finger against the metal. “It takes a few days to stop feeling sick to your stomach. Ain’t no way around it; this situation is fucked.”
People rushed past them in the hallway, clients chortling and tripping drunkenly after giggling angels. Dean waited for them to pass before he leaned in a bit and rubbed the back of his neck. “I can’t dance in front of all those people. Could we just, um, talk?”
“You’re an angry sleeper. Like a bear,” Castiel murmured fondly, running his finger down her tiny nose.
Castiel wasn’t a big crier. He could count on one hand the number of times he cried in his adult life. He hadn’t cried when his parents died, or when his cousin Gabriel went missing when they were kids. He hadn’t cried when his sister Anna was found dead in a meadow under a tree, or when he found out his girlfriend’s father had terminal cancer, two months after her mother had passed away. Daphne’s father had been more of a dad than Chuck had been, that was for sure. But still, he hadn’t really cried, not really. He hadn’t experienced more than a prickle of tears in his eyes and some trouble breathing when he’d sat next to Daphne’s dad during chemo. He’d wanted to bawl, but he just flashed Daph’s dad a smile and squeezed his hand.
At some point the next morning—potentially in the dim light of dusk, Castiel couldn’t be sure—he’d felt Dean shift on the bed and heard the ringing of Led Zeppelin playing from somewhere in the condo. It had still been quite dark in the room, so he hadn’t even lifted his head off the warm pillow or shifted under the fresh fluffy blankets he’d put onto the bed as Dean showered the night prior. Knowing Dean was nearby, moving around the room, probably off to the toilet or to make coffee as he did sometimes when he woke up first, Castiel drifted back to sleep, Jack sleeping on his feet.
Castiel rubbed at his stubble and cleared his throat. “We have male and females in this universe as well, but those aspects of anatomy are minor and frankly, quite inconsequential. In all other terms, your biological sex of alpha, beta, or omega rule over essentially every aspect of life. Even in Heaven, the top-tiered angels were all alphas.”
Dean searched her face, but she was gasping and trying to hide quiet, harsh sucking in of breath. He watched her chest heave and tears streaking down the side of her face. This wasn’t supposed to happen; Celeste was supposed to be strong—tormented and confused—but Castiel looked entirely broken.
“My apologies,” Castiel muttered, raising a hand to futz with his hair—a nervous tick. “I didn’t mean—”
The look of amusement on Anna’s face felt unwarranted in response to Castiel’s disbelief. “You are not barred from Heaven, Castiel. It goes without saying that you are free to come and go; it is your home. But it is possible to have two homes, and I think you’re needed down here. The Winchesters will have evils trailing them through their lives, trying to use them for who they are. Lilith and Ruby were not free agents, they had help in their schemes. The Michael Sword and the Lightbringer’s vessels need protecting...but especially Dean.”
“You’d...better head back,” Castiel said, lifting his head to watch the band walk off stage and for the crew to run on to begin setting up for the next act. Around them, people were migrating off to other shows or gathering in chattering groups. “Kevin wanted you back for five o’clock. You’ll be late.”
To his surprise, Dean sidled up to Cas and wrapped his arm around his shoulders. Hannah looked aghast, raising her gun to jut into Dean’s ribs—a gesture they were all too familiar with from the guards.
Castiel heard a door open and he stumbled over the threshold, his eyes blinking hard, though they quickly adjusted to a dark room. It was a cell, just like his own, but it smelled stale and was clearly unused.
The crowd cheered and clapped as a group of dancers burst out from the red curtains at the head of the room, lead by a lean muscular man in his mid-thirties. He smirked smarmily as he led his army of dancing, glittering angels, almost lost in the swinging of feathers and frills, in swinging skirts and hair thrown about as the beat picked up.
Dean swerved around her, dodging another touch of hers. He pressed a fist to his lips and cleared his throat.
“Two on this side,” Dean replied. “That totals six. Do you think it’s just a freaky coincidence that there are six pods and six kids missing?”
“Do you smoke cigarettes, Castiel? Because I must say, the smell of cigarettes on a woman is off-putting and highly unattractive,” the Duke commented snidely. Dean did a double-take over his shoulder, unable to believe how much of an asshole this man was.
Dropping his notes onto his bed, Dean strode over to her, relief pulling panic away from his heart in tendrils that uncurled and wisped down to the floor behind him.
Behind him, the photocopier continued to split out papers, but Castiel was no longer preoccupied with the copies or their progress. The object of his affections and fantasies was standing in front of him, offering himself up, and admitting that he remembered their night together. He remembered their kiss, and he wished they’d talked about it. Maybe Dean had wanted more…
Dean pushed off the Impala when Sam opened the door without warning and climbed out, avoiding Dean’s eye, but nodding towards their room.
“You’re possessing someone, aren’t you?” Sam had mentioned it once, but now it seemed disturbing...even more so as he remembered the blood pooling over her palm and wondered what it really tasted like.
Cas scowled grumpily, kicking a twig into the water. “She helped us numerous times on our missions. She sacrificed herself to save Sam, you told me so yourself. I think that deserves a ticket to paradise, thorns and all.
Dread filled her stomach like it was being poured into her with every kiss the Duke was planting on her neck.
To Dean’s delight, he heard her own raspy laugh sparkle through the air as a breeze blew into the room from outside.
“I ate,” Castiel said bluntly, gesturing over to the pot of cooling soup on the stove that Sam had made for everyone earlier. “Like you told me to.”
“It’s hard enough that we got sadomasochists torturing us through those fuckin’ deposits, but you make Cas have to take it from his ex-girlfriend? Do you have no fucking decency? What the fuck is wrong with you people? How deep does your depravity go?”
Horrible, hoarse hiccups sounded near his ear, and hot breath puffed over his hair. When Dean’s hand raised to cradle the back of Castiel’s head, the hair was wet with sweat.
Dean tried not to unpack the twisting of jealousy in his stomach but was oddly pleased that the feeling wasn’t entirely overwhelming. Nowhere in his brain did he think
When he got to the part about Castiel's happiness and what it meant, Sam pulled away and Dean watched his green eyes widen. He saw them search Dean's face and then slowly, slowly, slowly...saw those eyes rest on the bloody handprint, now smudged.
It had been two days since Dean left without a word, two days since the sticky note had been left on Castiel’s coffee machine, and two days since he’d turned Sam’s phone off. It had been a day and a half since he’d turned his own phone off.
He was minutes from calling Sam, explaining Cas had let him out of the panic room, and surrendering the fury he harboured towards his brother in exchange for some help. However, to his surprise, his phone buzzed to life on the seat beside him.
Dean rolled his eyes as Sam mocked him. “Whatever, dude. Fine, fine; we’re boring parents now, I get it. You try having a sick baby screaming and puking all over you for hours and then get back to me about how lively and spry you would be.”
Sam smirked as he double-checked the ammo on Cas gun before handing it to him. He winked at Dean. “Remember that one summer I had that rebellious streak?”
With all the rage he’d sequestered inside him, Dean swung at Samhain with the demon knife, the blade making sparks as the demon ducked and Dean’s blow landed against a metal statue.
Amelia turned away, exchanging smirks with Roger and George, and paced back over to the twins, kneeling before them, gesturing at the both of them with her blade. “You two look alike quite a bit, you know? It kind of makes me hate you in equal measure. Now, two minutes is up and I got no information.” She gestured up at the ceiling. “My connections tell me that angel possession runs in the family, so...if I get rid of the whole Novak clan, save for one, and I know Castiel is probably gonna come back, then I kinda am guaranteed me an angel, huh?”
“...Something is up with her, Dean. She was nice, but kinda panicked, like she didn’t want to see me. Sure, Cas had gotten less robo-angel in the past few years, but she was acting extra weird. Avoiding eye contact and dodging questions about why she left. I know I went up there to ask about the case for you, but I wanted to know why she left and why she was being weird with us at the Harvey’s place. With the case stuff, she was pretty open, but when it came to leaving the bunker and her life after, she was being really selective, I could just sense it.”
Trent Reznor spoke into the mic and the crowd erupted into shrieks. Dean settled about fifteen feet away beside the tall guy, with his arm around the red-head’s shoulders—did he have a
Sam and Cas looked over at Dean, who’d finally spoke up. Dean sat down on his stool and ran his fingers over his mouth. “You couldn’t give us a call for a year?”
Naomi didn’t notice, too busy addressing Castiel who was somewhere inside the room. Naomi adjusted her hat and said, “Heaven, as always, appreciates your servitude.” Her gloved hands came up, and that’s when she noticed Jody. She eyed her coolly. “You may have the child back now. We no longer require her.”
Dean’s gentle finger on his chin tilted his head and Castiel’s eyes involuntarily fluttered closed as Dean placed gentle pecks down his jaw and neck. Dean’s lips lingered on the spot under his ear that Castiel had learned to brush with his nails as he masturbated in the shower.
“If she left,” Sam asked slowly, picking at the label of his beer, “why is she so angry? She seemed… I dunno, shocked to see us. She was acting pretty annoyed, actually, I dunno what her deal was ‘cause she was the one who chose to leave. Even if she was hiding from the life, I thought she might’ve just been able to come out and say it. Cas was never really the type to--”
Dean struggled to his feet and walked over ash and blood towards Cas, holding out a hand to her. “And the prophecy was right; we did do it with Heaven on our side.”
The temperature of the air seemed to drop drastically, and the hair all over Sam’s body stood on end, almost painfully. “Oh my God,” Sam breathed. “Where?”
His Rob Zombie t-shirt was more than all right on her, as were the sweats that he’d given her. The waist was elastic so he figured they would do, and they were about the same height so the fit was all right. As she stepped into the room, Dean scanned her form and pressed his hands to his hips, wondering what kinda ass and thighs he had if their clothes fit the same.
Again, there it was; that little smile that broke the ice in Castiel’s eyes and instantly warmed up her face. It was such a lovely, peculiar little smile, like all of her features were apologizing for being genuinely touched or amused.
To make matters worse, Dean didn’t walk with Castiel to breakfast. He lingered behind, talking hushedly to a group of other prisoners, who then dispersed and joined their respective little cliques. Castiel noticed the crying boy from the other day was one of them, looking nervous, twisting his fingers at his sides and pressing his lips into a tight little line.
The only commotion still happening was Ishim and Duma, although Ishim growled and threw everything he had into tossing her off of him. As soon as she was rolling across the leaves, thumping into a stump with a grunt, Ishim stumbled to his feet and paled at the sight of Andi’s twitching body going still, face first in the mud, his blood pooling where the gate of Heaven was supposed to have been.
Waving him off, despite feeling indignation in his chest, Dena turned back to Bobby. “Bobby, since you’ve already met Hannah, I guess that just leaves Cas.”
“Well,” Dean said, struggling not to look down where her skirt slid up her thigh and was revealing, “I have ideas, but if you have some of your own, feel free to stop me and interject… I…”
At the mention of Hannah, Dean saw her in the backfield through the window, building the pyre with the rest of the angels, her face hard and drawn, too. Her eyes were determined. Even from far away, Dean could sense the hard anger in her shoulders, the deep sorrow that no doubt fueled vengeance.
The prophet jumped a foot in the air and pressed his hands to his head like it was going to split in two. Laboured, he choked out, “Mary...Mary...Maryland! The Holy… Fuck, it’s right there. I can see it; a sign at the end of a driveway. It’s called…The Holy N...The Holy Name of St. Agatha’s Parish!”
“Heart attacks,” Sam corrected, sighing and reaching down between his legs to fetch his satchel. From inside of it, he pulled out a book. “The victims are dying from heart attacks.”
The horrible, tight feeling in her chest got worse. She shifted on the hood of the car and tried to clear her throat. Quietly, she replied, “No, Dean. I don’t. She...didn’t really have me awake for a lot of her time in Heaven, but sometimes when she’d leave and wake me up, she was quiet. Quiet and weird. I could feel this heaviness in her chest, this...I dunno. You know what it’s like to feel shame and dread all at the same time?” Jamie patted her chest and tilted her head at Dean. “You know, that like,
Cas shrugged. Her blue tie flapped a bit, twisting around and she batted it down, smoothing it over her chest. “My true vessel gave me consent. She accepted her fate.”
Dust and debris licked at their heels as they ran out of the apartment, and cold air whooshed past their faces as the warding broke. The second they were out in the hallway with their other panicking neighbours, Sam, Dean, and Cas all turned to each other.
She stopped, this time halfway towards him, and he noticed her fingers rubbing at her palms at her sides. Was she nervous?
for patience though, because it would be embarrassing to broadcast to angel radio why exactly he needed patience to forgive the Righteous Man for not fucking him in a church on command.
“Have fun,” Kevin said, pushing open a heavy wooden door that had “Castiel” engraved into it in gold lettering. He held open the door for Dean, gesturing in with his hand. “And good luck, Dean. We’re counting on you.”
Naomi laughed, the sound making Castiel flinch out of sheer reflex. Years of practice had instilled that reaction, and Castiel could almost hear the cane coming down on her back like it was just yesterday.
Then he went on, his tone steady and casual, “I mean, she’s hot, I guess. Nice voice. It’s all raspy and stuff.”
“It’s not a date, Kevin, shut up,” Dean snapped, dropping the box to the ground with a thump and shoving it under the white table cloth with his foot.
“I don’t think so, Dean. I should probably rehearse, and I have a very high profile client I have to service the next night, I should get rest…”
He knew he’d fucked up with Dean, that he’d imprisoned him and left him to rot, told him he’d rather him dead than addicted to demon blood. He could understand how Dean would see that as neglect and abandonment, but Sam had just been at the end of his rope. He hadn’t known how to handle the situation. He hadn’t known how to deal with Dean when he was so changed.
“She doesn’t mean anything to me anymore,” Castiel burst out, the words tumbling from his lips before he could control it. “We...we hadn’t been okay for a while. Her father got sick a year ago and she got stressed, and she was tired all the time. It was hardly a relationship; we just watched TV together and slept in the same bed.” He paused, gathering himself. “She was my best friend, but we barely saw each other anymore. When I got laid off last week, that had been the most I’d seen of her in months.”
The burial was quick, like the service had been, and while there were more audible sniffles and Sam's chin didn't stop trembling, Dean seemed to be holding himself together a bit more this time around. He let Sam put an arm around him and his hands shook while he set a rose on his father's dark wood casket, but the tears were minimal.
His heart slammed into his chest as Cas grinned at him in the mirror, the silly expression on her face making Dean’s knees feel weak.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel replied back flatly, unsure why he couldn’t find a middle ground between absolute panic and a deadpan, unbothered expression.
A floppy hand waved in his direction shut Dean’s desperate rationalizing from taking its full, final form. Sam cut him off with flippant gesture. “I know the story. Just...promise me you won’t do anything stupid like that again, okay? No doing invasive stuff like that without my consent. No--fuck--doing ridiculous stuff to keep each other alive. We gotta learn to just let things happen. We gotta stop meddling in what’s meant to be. We gotta work on our codependency.”
freeing. It wasn’t liberating in any sense. As a matter of fact, he dearly wished he could take it back.
Damn right he was going to follow instructions, because her finger was on the trigger and if he understood that conversation right, they’d been looking for him.
That growl didn’t say, ‘Dean, I’m so glad to see you’ or ‘Son, I missed you more than words can say’, it implied that Dean had about four seconds to answer before he got a bullet implanted into his vertebrae.
Then, out of nowhere, Anna turned back to Dean, reached up to bump his chin with her knuckle, and stepped into his space. In front of everyone, she kissed him softly, holding his jaw in her hand, and Dean’s eyes slid shut, accepting her forgiveness as it was pressed into his lips.
The hotel fantasy soon faded away and Dean stopped explaining what would have happened. It became abundantly clear to them both that this was much more their style, much better suited to their lives, and endlessly hotter.
“My apologies,” Zachariah’s cheery voice sounded from beside him, clapping him on the arm. “Was in a bit of a rush, didn’t really give you much warning, now did I?”
Dean choked on spit and coughed into his elbow, staring at Cas with wide eyes. His voice strained, he wheezed, “Dude, wow, moving fast here.”
in particular, it kind watched us both in particular, but only I could see it for some reason. I went over and spoke to it once, and then...it just stuck around. Asked me questions about everything, like it wanted to know everything about humanity. It said it wasn’t supposed to be down here, but it was just so curio—”
Sam winced sympathetically at Cas, who shrugged again. “It was,” she said to him. Then she tilted her head and her brows furrowed. “Did you not hear the dial tone when you called?”
“What are we doing?” Dean panted against Cas’ lips after they spent a few moments kissing violently, mouths slipping against each other, lips red from hungry bites.
To save his dignity, he winked and nodded at her, forcing her to look away and return her attention to the little girl’s mad scribbles, nodding like the content was very important and she’d be tested on it. Beside him, Charlie prattled on, but then twacked him on the shoulder.
Situated quickly at the bar, watching Ellen slide behind the counter and begin to mix cocktails, Dean watched as angels filed into the room over a period of fifteen minutes. They all chatting excitedly and were significantly dressed down than he’d previously seen them. It was amazing to watch the facade drop away. Erotic, sensual dancers and eccentric performers turned into giddy girls and boys, sultry smiles evaporating and leaving animated, beaming faces.
“I don’t understand what that has to do with Jacqueline’s death,” Cas retorted, shaking her head a bit as she reached up to open the cupboard in front of her. The plastic plate clicked down sharply on the countertop. Dean noticed immediately that her nails were painted a deep red and felt a bubble of hysteria, thinking about Castiel, angel of the Lord, painting her nails. He could just picture it; her face pinched, stiff shoulders hunched over her fingers, artfully dragging the small brush over her nails with careful precision--
Around them, the van broke out into a clearing. In the middle of a field erupted a large old building. Its shutters were old and dilapidated, and the front porch which curled around the main floor looked like it had once been white and cheerful, but was now chipped, empty and grey. The old farmhouse looked dreary and abandoned to say the least. There were no pigs or cows enclosed in the broken wooden pens, and there were no chickens trapped within the chicken wire, but parked haphazardly out in the trampled overgrown field were a series of black trucks and vans. Dean watched a few darkly-dressed angels carrying boxes and armfuls of guns into the house from the cars. Another two angels helped a third from the back of a pickup truck as he looked injured and limped on a mangled and bloody leg.
Dean made a peculiar, but brain-melting noise against his lips—small, like a whimper, like a breath released by accident. The noise sparked more confidence in Castiel and he deepened the kiss with an experimental lick to Dean’s lips. He was rewarded with parting lips and Dean seeming to melt forward into him, his arms winding around his waist.
Balthazar’s mouth dropped open so aggressively that Castiel was tempted to jump forward to catch it before it hit the floor.
It was hot and thick, and poured down onto his chest and lap, waking him up. Dean gagged and retched, reaching up to try to stop it, but his body was too weak to move, and so he just let it happen, his head hurting so badly his vision was blurring. It was painful, humiliating, and terrifying. He was convinced at one point he’d drown, or suffocate, but eventually, there was reprieve—long enough for him to crawl under the bed, dragging his blood soaked knees across the floor. With trembling, blood slick fingers, he pulled the covers off the bed, pulling them under to his shelter. Hidden under the blanket, rolled onto his side, Dean threw up again, too tired and too weak to move. It pooled under his head and ran across the floor, emerging from under the bed.
Castiel looked confused, but she took the clothing anyway, her chapped, dry lips quirking up in the corner, conceding to a small, grateful smile.
“Lies, Cas,” Dean whispered fiercely into the soft cotton of Cas’ shirt, his voice muffled. “They lied. I—God, I am so sorry, Cas. I’m so—”
While Dean reeled a bit at the accusation, Castiel wiped at her face and whispered shakily, “I...can’t do this with you anymore. You have to leave me alone. I overheard Balthazar speaking to the Duke. I know I’ll belong exclusively to him.”
Dean’s pace picked up and the two men breathed hard. Castiel turned his face back towards the copier, his hands making slick squeaking noises over the glass as he was railed by Dean’s thick dick. It was stretching him open in the most exquisite way, so that with every inch of cock pushed in and pulled out, pleasure circuited from his used hole to his pulsing, touch-starved cock. With a grunt, Castiel dragged his hand off the glass and then down to his cock, taking it in his hand.
Again, a nod. This time, Castiel reached up and rubbed his face with his hand, pulling away wetness with rough fingertips.
Images from Dean’s nightmares flashed behind his eyes, of someone forcing themselves onto Cas, and a painful, screaming birth that smelled of terror and pain.
Dean patted at his jeans, and felt the welcome lump in his right pocket. A series of thank yous to a god he didn’t believe in fell from his lips in a hushed whisper. He pulled out his keys. He pawed at the keyring in the dark, feeling a series of random keys—to his horror, he didn’t feel the Impala’s big, clunky key—and found his pocket knife, as well as a small flashlight.
“Noted, baby,” Pamela grinned, reaching over to rub the back of Bobby’s neck fondly. “Anyway, the light; I saw it reaching for you, and I heard it speak.”
Sam tucked hair behind his ear and squinted at Dean as the sun moved in the sky, its rays shining into the garage. “I mean, yeah, sure. A year is a while—”
They’d been so close to escaping at the mouth of the alleyway, but Dean, Cas, and Sam had to slide to a stop, their panting coming out as curled clouds in front of their faces as there was a flash of light and three angels appeared before them, their swords brandished.
Cas relaxed back onto the rug, his chest heaving, his legs spread. Dean’s knees bumped the inside of his thighs, and his shoulders raised up and down under Cas’ hands with every gasp of air.
“Because you are going to save the world, Sam,” Castiel said simply, like it wasn’t the most monumental thing she’d ever said to someone.
“She was one of your best soldiers?” Dean asked, surprised that Anna led Cas and not the other way around. Considering the sense of authority Castiel carried around with her like a cape—or a trenchcoat—he’d expected the tables to be turned.
A heavy sigh through glossy lips made Dean feel a bit stupid, though her shoulders drooped and she repeated, “I have to work. I can’t
“Probably my legs,” he murmured, getting lost in the fantasy of Dean’s rough, warm hands on his legs— “The inside of them,” he added, his voice husky.
“Go shower,” Castiel said, fuelled by the same confidence he’d felt before, the same profound certainty that he could take care of Dean and offer him the comfort he needed and deserved. “I’ll change the sheets, get you water, and make you something to eat. I know it’s late, and I don’t know about you, but I’m hungry.”
The welcoming view into the house was obscured as Sam’s tall, broad silhouette stepped into the entrance hallway from the kitchen. He was holding a shotgun, and the slow, calculated way he was walking out towards the porch made the skin on Dean’s arms tighten into goosebumps.
“Listen, Cupid, we know what you’re doing,” Castiel said bitterly, eyes narrowing. “Explain your actions.”
.” Bobby exhaled heavily, looking at Dean like he didn’t believe a word, but then turned his face up to survey Pamela. “You wanna start grabbing ingredients while I get the main floor salted and set for our angry visitors? Sam, show Dean the panic room—”
The tip of Dean’s finger stopped on Cas’ wrist and tapped. His incisors flashed a bit. “I’m touching you now. Have you died? Does it hurt?”
“The residential status of millions of South Dakota residents is still currently in transition, and the administration here at The Facility believe it would be too time-consuming to redirect and search out contact information for individuals on the outside.” She eyed the dozens of disappointed, heartbroken men with uncaring eyes. “We will revisit the idea of phone calls again in two weeks time, at which point we hope it contact information will be more reliable and less time-consuming.”
“Cas is an omega here,” Dean breathed, bile crawling up his throat and cramping his stomach. Sweat immediately broke out in the crease of his spine. “Oh, god. He’s an omega angel.”
To his relief, Dean planted a warm, soft kiss on Castiel’s cheek, their stubble scratching together.
“Shhhh!” Castiel chuckled, “Stop making me laugh, you’ll get us killed. This is still very much a compromising position.”
With that, he hung up and slid his phone into his back pocket as he wrenched open the doors and walked inside. Climbing up two steps onto aged, dark hardwood flooring, Castiel took a hefty inhale of the scent of old books, plastic CD casing, and worn leather.
“My dad’s old buddy has a bar in the city. Sam and I were going to take some friends to the bar, having some drinks, do a bit of dancing.”
Looking back, they seemed to have been dropped directly in between two clashing gangs in the middle of a big city street. Running cars blocked the road like one of the sides had wanted to trap in their enemies. Within the cars, around them, ducked behind the doors and piled into the back of pick-up trucks were people dressed in black beanies and dark, heavy clothing. They had guns strapped to their bodies and ammo draped across their chests. Across their faces they wore their brightest articles of clothing; white bandanas and scarves tied over their noses and mouths, their identities masked.
Everyone was pretty smashed by the time the bright blue sky outside turned into the most exquisite dark navy night. Aurora Borealis of green, magenta and blue rippled through the velvety sky, blanketing hundreds of thousands of diamond-like stars that glittered and winked at the occupants of Heaven.
“Yeah, I feel you,” Sam muttered, eyes flickering across the tacky retro-style 60’s diner and wrinkling his nose. “The food was gross. It’s what we get for letting Dean pick the restaurant. Again.”
Of course, he only got to feel lonely on his off hours. During work, he couldn’t escape Uriel. Not when the man glared at him through their morning team video conference calls as Zachariah droned on about new labour legislation that he found too liberal, blah, blah, blah.
With the basin emptied, silence fell on the room, and with a pang in his chest, Sam was sure that it hadn’t worked because Castiel remained still in his arms. “I don’t think…”
Not wanting to rush, not wanting to make Dean tense up again, he scooped a bit more oil from the jar and melted down the soft coconut oil into liquid between his palms to apply to the back of his legs, running his hands up the muscles with firmer pressure. It was only when he slid his hands back up those thighs and his thumbs ran across the dip of Dean’s ass, the two crevices where those curves met the top of his legs, did Dean shudder.
“It was just fanfiction, it was just fanfiction,” Sam muttered like a mantra. “This is not real life.”
“It worked,” Castiel breathed. With a surprised huff of relief, Castiel laughed quietly and whispered, “It worked.”
For what was probably ten seconds, they swayed, with this guy’s hands on his waist and Castiel’s hands on his own neck. But as there was a dramatic ramp up to the music, Castiel was reminded that
Why did Sam feel so nervous, so put under a microscope? Vulnerable, Sam shrugged. After fighting a lump in his throat, he nodded. “Yeah. I have.”
There was an awkward pause and Castiel felt intense pressure to fill the gap. Clearing his throat, he said raspily, “Yes, we are. Although I’m feeling a bit unwell, I thought I’d get a drink and find somewhere to cool down before they come on.”
I am a starving fanfic writer who can only be fed with quality comments of people telling me which part of this chapter was their favourite so...FEED ME. I AM SO HUNGRY.
Cas’ eyes were wide, suddenly full of fear, the whites of his eyes circling the dilated blue. The whole group turned, and while guns went up, no one shot at Dean’s assailant.
The little girl had no sense of volume, and no idea she’d interrupted a serious conversation. She was preoccupied with handing Dean the heart and yelling, “I made this!”
What did you think of this chapter? Please leave me a comment and let me know! Comments make my heart sing. <3
When Castiel suddenly slid off the table and onto Dean’s lap, he tried not to choke in front of everyone, her lips still close to his face, her hips grinding over his.
Dean shifted in the chair across from him. Castiel felt unable to lift his head, unable to meet that confused gaze that would very, very soon turn to disgust. “What’re you talking about, man?”
In his lap, Dean laughed and raised a hand to his mouth, seeming not to care that his t-shirt was now a chew toy. “My bad.”
“Meg, she, um, she put her mouth on me,” Castiel admitted, his voice hoarse, his throat tight. He stared at the ceiling and raised a hand to push long brown locks from his forehead. He felt too cowardly to look over at the other bunk.
Sam’s lip quirked up in the corner and his brows knitted together. “You still hungry for regular food or…”
Sam was in Dean’s face, loose strands of hair now damp and swinging in his eyes, but the hazel was bright, unblinking. He shook Dean by the arm, after exchanging worried looks with Kevin. “Dean,” he whispered, “walk away.”
Castiel saw the clear, protruding outline of an erection: hard, long, thick. Just like he remembered from their ascent from Hell, just like he remembered building him. It was framed perfectly by the seams of these shorts, tucked to the left, lengthy enough to
Perhaps not all the angels had been alerted to the intruders in their home, because he didn’t see a single one run past him. Perhaps, he thought with a pang in his stomach, there really weren’t enough left for him to bump into, especially if this Heaven was large and expansive. Only once did he have to duck into a doorway to avoid detection as two tall men in gun-metal grey suits walked past him as if they were patrolling. They chatted idly to themselves, missing him entirely. Surely, he thought, they must’ve sensed a human around, or maybe they just wouldn’t expect one even if they felt it.
Dean shrugged a shoulder, pausing to adjust the red plaid button up that had slid off his shoulder. “Heh. Yeah, long story. Boring story.”
“Silly?” Zachariah asked, turning his face towards her, though his eyes were still watching Castiel closely, dragging down her body.
“Always too smart for your own good,” Dean murmured, shifting on the spot, tapping the tip of his blade against the top of his knee. He glanced over and added, “Still, though, we managed to fuck up your plans.”
With a sick squelch, Alastair yanked the blade out of Cas’ torso. In response, Cas lurched forward, gipping her middle, and she screamed again. The sound left claw marks on his very soul, tearing him up. The sound of her pain fuelled his rage, and with a roar, Dean dove forward and plunged the demon knife into Alastair’s neck.
“Witches,” Dean grumbled, throwing down the charred metatarsal of a baby into the opened hex bag in his lap. They’d found it in the victim’s house yesterday; poor bastard had choked on some Halloween candy ladened with razor blades. “Fucking
“Why wouldn’t I?” Castiel asked with a raised brow. “I had the feeling, so I said what I was feeling. Were we not doing that?”
to raise me makes me feel like I’m gonna be some lackey.” Dean shifted in his seat and raised a finger in the air, his eyes narrowed, and his brows furrowed. “Casti-whatever has another thing coming if she thinks I’m actually gonna do
While his stomach jolted in excitement, Castiel smiled tightly, half-wincing. “Dean, you’ve...had a long weekend and you’re upset. I would...feel as if I was taking advantage—”
Dean cleared his throat and redirected his attention to Alfie, blinking. “Uh...they’re great, Alfie.”
Despite Cas’ determination to save his doppelganger, it didn’t matter anyway, because Hannah sprung to her feet, launching herself towards Naomi in a way that made Dean feel like her wings carried her there, fast and swift.
“Of course she’s my baby,” Castiel replied flatly, her raspy voice sounding tired. “Where else would I have gotten a baby?”
Castiel bowed his head and chuckled quietly—for appearances. In truth, Dean couldn’t be more wrong, and that’s what hurt almost as much as the fact that he’d been barely holding himself together the entire time he’d been with her; she’d been gentle and passionate, and if he’d been into women, it might’ve been a good experience.
But Bobby reeled back and kicked, sending the door bursting open, swingin back against the wall. All Pamela could do was blink as Bobby ran into the room, uncaring about the wood splintered all over the ground and the deposit they weren’t getting back.
Claire’s little squeal of amusement had them both smiling to themselves, Dean’s heart giving a warm squeeze as the little girl adjusted her new bow and pointed up into a shabby little building.
Dean pushed himself to his feet using the Impala, which he’d parked in the middle of the crossroads with him, and brushed mud off his knees. His lip curled hatefully as he laid eyes on a demon, her growing red eyes twinkling over a wide, painted smile.
Uriel ignored him, and before he could stop it, and despite his struggles, the needle sunk into the flesh of his bicep. Another hand from an angel holding his arms rested on Castiel’s head.
Castiel turned slowly, her gaze lingering on his face, looking broken. Then she turned away completely and walked down the sidewalk, pressing her lips to Leia’s head, her shoulders hunched.
“Fuck,” Dean rasped when a third finger joined the first two and his ass stretched deliciously around Castiel’s slick knuckles. Castiel watched a shudder ripple beautifully down Dean’s shining back, and saw his fingers curl into the duvet when his own fingers curled downwards, brushing against that spot he knew could elicit the most delectable of sensations. “Fuck, that’s good.”
“Saddest date ever,” Dean muttered, hovering a Dorito in front of his lips. “I don’t usually take girls on dates to get them to talk about why they were crying outside of a motel room.”
Dean’s gun skidded away and the lamp was thrown aside. Sam’s fist took its place as he swung it at Dean’s head, hitting him in the jaw once, twice, three times. The ache exploded in his jaw and Dean gasped, feeling the blood rush hotly to the spot, bruising blossoming before he could even finish blinking away the creep of unconsciousness.
He crossed his arms over his chest and turned back to watch Cas sleep; watching for the rise and fall under the blanket. The lines around Cas’ eyes were soft; he almost looked as young as he had in the barn for a moment, with the embers casting him in soft, warm light. His hair was a mess as usual, but didn’t have the same fluff as it had when he’d been an angel. A piece of hair fell to his forehead, and before Dean could control himself, he’d crouched down, lifted a hand, and pushed the lock back to meld in with the rest of Cas’ soft, shiny fringe, all flipped back and out of his face.
She was beaming up at Sam, who talked to her in hushed tones, and was beaming back, blushing. Dean grinned to himself; Sammy boy had a crush.
She’d been in the church for nine hours, half of the time sleeping, and half the time sitting in silence, hoping the occasional noises were the priest straightening candlesticks or futzing around with the audio equipment, or a mouse skittering in the walls, and not actually the sound of eminent capture and death.
With the excuse of showing Chuck around, they’d managed to get Dean into the panic room. When the door swung closed behind him and the lock clunked closed, he realised the weird vibe wasn’t about Chuck, it was about him.
“Perfect!” Charlie exclaimed as she looped the tie around Cas’ neck, loosening it just so. “It really brings out her eyes!”
“So, you punished their infant instead of them?” Cas growled, turning her head slowly to fix the creature with a look of pure poison.
Dean tucked his other t-shirt into his back pocket, the material hanging out like a mechanic's rag, and he smirked as Castiel internally panicked. He wanted to impress the guy, but he wasn’t as open as Dean was about nudity.
“Isn’t Hell being monstrous enough of a reason to want to save him?” Sam asked, jolting Dean out of dark, panicked thoughts of a scenario where this angel told Sam everything. Sam was staring at Castiel. It seemed the reminder that Dean had been in Hell for six earthly months had put a damper on Sam’s awe somewhat.
“It’s part of being human, isn’t it?” Castiel asked softly, taking in freckled and tanned skin and soft dirty blond hair.
From his peripherals, Castiel felt Daphne staring at him. He, unfortunately, knew her too well. He knew exactly what she looked like, he knew the exact look of desperation on her face. She wanted him to look at her so badly.
” sang the pretty red-headed angel from earlier as she dragged a man by his tie past their balcony, disappearing into the dark hallways below. Her voice carried, then disappeared. “
Hannah sang softly under her breath, leaning back on her hands, and Castiel could swear he saw hearts in her eyes.
“I could live with that,” Dean said, raising his brows. Before he could help himself, he laughed to himself. “Cas’ doing, I’m pretty sure.”
They released him. As soon as their death grips loosened and their fingers left his body, Castiel began to weep, tremors shuddering his limbs, and he rolled onto his side on the table, closing his legs and pressing his bloody hands to his mouth.
Saturday morning, she dragged him to a dog park to ‘socialize Jack’ and insisted they try to teach him more tricks. Saturday night, she got herself invited to Uriel’s house. The three of them ended up around a firepit in Uriel’s backyard, listening to him tell them about how he’d dumped his girlfriend a few days back. His story involved a lot of pacing and hand gestures and vivid descriptions of the sexual position he'd found his girlfriend and her coworker in last night when he returned from dinner.
She panted against his mouth when they broke apart for air, and moaned when he tangled his fingers in her damp mane of brown thick hair. Her arms were around his shoulders when he let go of her hair and instead grabbed her legs, pulling her strong, muscular thighs up around his waist. With a grunt, he hoisted Castiel off the ground by her ass, and caught her by the legs, the other arm snapping up to throw around her waist. Her lips were on his again, this time accompanied by a smooth, warm tongue that ran over his lips and caressed his own in the hot space their mouths made.
Lifeless green eyes flashed behind his vision and with a small sob, Castiel raised his hand to his mouth and let it go.
Thankful for the distraction, Castiel turned around to face Dean, realising he was much closer than he thought. With barely a foot between them, Castiel could smell Dean’s soft cologne and tried not to inhale too obviously. “That’d be nice,” he admitted with a nod. “I’ve heard so much about it. It’s...quite handsome. And I think the books and games are a nice touch.”
It would explain so much—and his back to Castiel. The three of them cheered as the beginning notes of ‘
“My, my, Dean-o. Your brother really is quite the actor,” she laughed, pointing at Sam. “It takes a professional liar to comfort you with a straight face. For a second there, even I almost bought that.”
“I’m definitely not missing Tool though,” Dean went on conversationally, his eyebrows rising on his forehead. “And I wanna make it for some of Garbage. I mean, even gay as I am, I love Shirley Manson.”
He was lying. He understood. Even in his grief, as Cas held his arms out to pass him the child, Castiel was already reaching out to take her.
Balthazar looked over his shoulder at Cas’ retreating form, and he chuckled. “Yes, she’s not stellar at goodbyes.”
“Oh,” Sam laughed, flopping down onto Dean’s bed, picking up a rogue pair of green panties and sling-shotting them at Dean’s face, “I didn’t write this. Ellen did.”
Again, a peculiar expression spread over Castiel's’ face, but this time it stayed. She looked away from Sam, staring almost bitterly into the kitchen. “Distrustful of heaven, questioning our ways, our motives… Sounds like Him.”
saw into Castiel’s room. I feel compelled to apologize for this cruel intrusion by all these nosy people—”
After glaring at Naomi’s picture, he clicked the green button on the phone and raised it to his ear. “Hello?”
“And I heard you two going at it that one time,” she laughed. “You’re lucky it was me on duty and not Dumah. You’d be dead by now. In case you’re wondering; she’s a cunt, too.”
“I’m not going to kill myself, Jim,” Jamie said abruptly, exhaling a shaking breath. “I’m just going away on an adventure, okay? We’ll see each other again. I-I’ll make sure. I’ll make them promise.”
That was enough to make her fall silent. She reached up and ran her hands under her eyes, sure that she had mascara all over her face. Somehow, she doubted Castiel cared.
It seemed like Castiel didn’t even feel Dean’s hand on his shoulder as he curled over Hannah, pulling her to his chest, his face buried in her hair. Castiel wept into it, his shoulders shaking, his entire body visibly wracked in tremors. Hannah’s waves fluttered in the air under her head, the tips pulling across a puddle of dark crimson. The strands left thin streaks over Castiel’s bare forearms.
Dean had been starting to wonder if Lilith would ever come, but a cold breeze blew through the living room when the clock on his phone changed to 5:30. The hairs on his arms stood up and the smell of perfume and a hint of sulphur wafted up Dean’s nose.
“T-They’re offering a monetary reward a-and, Cas. Cas, I had to do it. God, I’m so sorry, but we don’t have any money left. H-H-He’s gonna die if I don’t get him his medication.”
“Call me Zachariah,” the Duke said, not bothering to cast Balthazar a glance, his lips twitching up in the corner as Castiel lay back on the stage, sliding her hands over her head and arching her back as she sang (“...
Castiel shoved her hand under the plethora of fluffy pillows on the bed and she pulled out a long, silver blade. Before Dean knew what was happening, the tip of the weapon was pointed at his chest.
“Another act...” she murmured regretfully, and then she pulled away, holding him far enough that she could see his entire face, her eyes dark, her lips pulled down into a regretful frown. “I told you, Dean. I am unworthy of your feelings. I’m nothing but a whore; I sell myself for Heaven. I follow orders, I do what I’m told. I love who pays enough for me… But you are magnetic, and I defied everything indoctrinated in me by past failures and constructs of Heaven…” She swallowed audibly, and watched her own fingers trace his face. “I want to be clear with you, I want to be honest.”
I can’t have him worry about me,” Dean rasped determinedly, his tone suddenly insistent. “You don’t get it, Cas. Sam, h-he’s my little brother—”
Dean lifted his head quickly and gestured over to the warding where they’d seen Cas earlier. “No, that’s the thing. There’s...there’s nothing. She’s just an angel. She’s a stranger, there isn’t anything there.”
“And I’m the chosen one’s knucklehead junkie brother.” Dean looked away bitterly, licking his lips and dragging his teeth over his bottom lip. Figures. Went to Hell to save his brother, only to be reviled for going to Hell. “Well, whatever, Cas. We fucked up with the seal, but we saved the town. I’d make the choice again. Except next time? You know what I’d do different?”
When the first beautiful, roaring rain storm shot down crashing bolts of lightning on the far side of the ocean, Dean sat with Cas on the porch and watched the flashing lights and listened to the booming thunder. They drank beer and coffee while the radio played mellow classic rock from inside. Cas watched the rain nourish his garden in the night, while Dean watched the tips of Cas’ hair dampen in the mist that sprayed from the rain hitting the porch railing.
Daphne’s head turned sharply and she stared at Meg, who misread the look on her face and winked at Daphne. “Yeah, your cow has a few screws loose. Had to be sedated a few weeks ago ‘cause he had a panic attack. He’s constantly crying or sick. Like, all pukey and allergic to the bulking agents. Don’t know why we keep him around. We should get rid of him like we did with—”
Sam lowered his gaze. “Dunno if I would. If it seemed like your time… if it made sense? I might’ve let you go. If I, uh, dunno, knew you were in a better place? With mom? Dad? I might’ve let you go.”
Flapping her napkin out to the side and sliding it onto her lap, Naomi looked sufficiently uncomfortable, but she muttered, “Yes, fine. I’ll come.”
“Lucifer will come.” Anna nodded, her eyes unblinking. “He will rise, and Michael will be summoned. If that happens, if Sam and Dean meet their 'fate' in that church? The world will burn, and Dean will die because Michael has always been stronger than Lucifer. Castiel—” Anna reached out and placed a hand on her shoulder. “—rebel with me.”
The prophet seemed to know too much. Dean felt extreme unease at that, getting the feeling the prophet knew more about their lives than he was entirely comfortable with. If he knew stuff about them, maybe he knew more than…
Strangely, though, Dean paused mid-way to the kitchen. Castiel watched his back with a tilt of his head as Dean turned his glass in his hand, the square of his shoulders tightening.
“Sure was lucky, all right,” Ash commented, his eyebrows jumping up onto his head. “She was all over you.”
” Sam barked out after him, slamming the door behind him and waving the dust away from his face—okay, Dean could’ve been more delicate parking his car, but he’d kind of been busy cackling. “Have some respect!”
“Yes,” Chuck insisted, his face turning red and patchy. He gestured frantically with his hand as he spoke. “Yes, Sam. And you? You’re Heaven’s strongest weapon; you’re the Micheal sword.”
Maggie. Tara. Becky. All of the apocalypse friends that Michael had left strewn across the bunker floor; they were here.
“My vessel is your vessel,” Cas breathed, a tear of his own running down his face. “Your flesh is my flesh, your blood is my blood. She...is yours, if you’ll have her. I can feel...I can feel that she belongs to you, not to me.”
What did you think of this chapter? Please leave me a comment and let me know! Comments make my heart sing. <3
“I’m not purposely driving over potholes, Sam. What kind of monster do you take me for? I’d never do that to Baby.”
“Me too, Cas.” Dean pressed a kiss to Castiel’s shoulder, brushing his nose over the soft white cotton. “Me too.”
Dean grabbed his hand and swept past him, following Jack and grinning over his bare shoulder at Castiel. “It’s fine, we were heading there anyway.”
The car smelled like sugar and fruit, and now cool ranch, as Cas wrenched open the bag. But Dean felt dizzy with what she was saying. How did she know what he wanted so intimately? She had promised not to read his mind…
“What the fuck is with you angels popping up all over my life unannounced?” Dean barked at Uriel, who crossed his arms across his chest and scowled.
Castiel stared back at them from the doorway of the kitchen. Her eyes were wide, her mouth pressed into a thin line, and her cheeks tinged red. A flush was creeping up over the collar of her shirt.
“Yeah,” Ellen agreed, setting a hand on her hip and resting her elbow on the back of Ash’ chair. “You have a point there. I guess I wanted to come over to see who was so worth the covert mission.”
Dean tore his eyes away from the guards, shaking off his hateful glare, though he looked determined when he leaned in close to Cas and murmured, “I’m gonna get to the bottom of this.”
“So you have ideas for a play, then?” Castiel asked, and he enjoyed her real voice. It was rougher, and a bit raspy. It lacked the airly, flighty quality from her show, and the drawling, seductive drag from only moments ago. “And these ideas come from dreams?”
He wasn’t sure how he’d known he might be nervous, but Castiel shook his head, looking over his shoulder. “I want to. I do. I’m fine. Just nervous.”
He wasn’t sure what possessed him, but Castiel reached out and took Dean’s hand where it gripped into the covers for balance.
To say he absolutely wrenched the door open would’ve been a slight exaggeration, but there was definitely a breeze as he swung open the door and breathed out, “Dean?”
“You think it’ll tell me what’s attached to my, uh, aura?” Anna asked, swallowing loudly. Dean noticed her fingers curling back into the blanket under her.
He yanked a cigarette from his back pocket and shoved it into his mouth, dipping into the alleyway to avoid suspicion. He pretended to light it as the guards by the door scowled at him. He disappeared down the alley, tossing the cigarette aside once he was shielded in shadows.
They laughed together, and resumed their snacking. After a moment, Dean lowered his gaze and asked quietly. “You think she’s okay?”
“Don’t feel silly, Dean-o. She’s a vision, she makes even the most unattached souls feel a spark of hope that she might love them uniquely. But let that dream dissolve away, writer.” Meg’s thumb brushed Dean’s chin, while her teeth tugged at her bottom lip in a cold grin. Her whisper puffed against his lips, her eyes glittering. “I remember the noises she used to make with me, the whimpers, the long, delicious moans that I still feel vibrate against my lips to this day, in my dreams… I remember her under me, hot and slick… I wonder if she’ll make those noises with him?”
...and that was the worst part of being captive for weeks, wasn’t it? So much time had passed and Castiel hadn’t heard a single whisper of an attempt to save him. No alarms had rung over his head indicating an intruder. There hadn’t been any rushes of angels past his door, or a shift in his grace to indicate that a human had entered Heaven.
“I’ll be here. Right here,” Castiel reassured firmly, stepping away from Dean and releasing their hands. It had been one thing to intertwine fingers between them when they’d been hidden in the pews, but out in the open, in front of everyone—
As Bobby ducked into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him to change, Pamela was left with Castiel, who was frowning. The woman and the angel stared at each other. Slowly, Cas said, “Sirens take the form of their victim’s deepest desire.”
Meg seemed to light up at his fury, and she stopped in front of him, eyeing his face gleefully. In her smarmy, smooth matter, she tilted her head back and stared at him, whispering tauntingly, “I fell for it to, before, Dean. She told me she loved me and melted into my arms at night, and she licked and flicked and fucked me like the rest of them, and Dean, it means
Just as she said that, the iron rail popped off—she’d warned Jimmy not to get an antique bed, it was falling apart—and she fell onto her ass. Jimmy jumped over her and got started on the other one, grunting as he yanked at it.
A light wind blew a lock of hair across her vision. She reached up and pulled the lock away, letting her hand drop down to her side. “It seemed cruel, to bring him back in the state he was in. He was barely human.”
A horde of squealing kindergarteners ran around their legs and interrupted briefly, squealing as they threw spongy building blocks at each other.
“Anyway, I am sorry,” Dean pressed, nudging Sam as he tried to look away. Drawing back the hazel gaze, Dean urged, “This wasn’t how I wanted it to happen with Cas. I had...I
“How?” Castiel’s brows furrowed and he tilted his head. “Dean… You have that look on your face. What are you planning?”
and not after the show as planned, but Castiel’s hand rested gently on his jawline and she turned his face back towards her. Falling victim to her charm, he let her move his face, and gazed upon her again, swallowing the nervous lump in his throat.
Just as unimpressed as last night, Cas scowled and said through his teeth, “No, Sam. I am not pregnant, and I’d be very pleased if everyone could stop insinuating it. I’m nauseous enough as it is.”
Cas tipped his head back against the fogged mirror, tears leaking from the corners of his eyes, one final silent
In his arms, Cas sniffed sharply, and the rattling breath that trembled over the skin of Dean’s neck lifted in peaks at the sound of grief.
Dean slumped down on his bed, looking around at the trashed room, including the six-pack of beer he’d bought at one point, just crushed and spilled all over the floor. What a waste.
“I...go out.” Castiel recalled dancing with Dean at the nightclub and looking down at his face between his legs in the kitchen. “I, um, know people.”
Cas rolled her eyes. She stood in place and swayed on the spot, patting gently at her baby’s back. “You also thought I had a roommate at the time. I was playing along, and I didn’t want to risk Leia would wake--as she does several times in a night. I was trying to hide her from you at that point.”
“We are real,” Dean breathed in a rasping gasp against Cas’ mouth, reclaiming those lips entirely, panting hard. “We a-are—” A soft peck. “—real.”
“Really,” Cas reassured, holding her arms out. “I told you, she won’t wake. The first two months of her life she went to sleep to the dull sound of our neighbours playing loud rock music at all hours of the day..” Cas scowled, recalling bitter memories. “And night.”
.” He raised a hand to his chest, and rubbed at his sternum, wincing like there was a bruise there. “Brad had died, and I’d felt so guilty for still having a good life that I’d pulled away, and left you to be lonely and grieving. I know Amelia helped but what you needed was me, and I understand that you probably hated me. I drove you away a-a-and—”
Dean tried to convince the feeling in his chest that Jack wasn’t worth mourning. He’d killed mom… He’d killed her.
Okay, her irritated, cold demeanor had been cute for a moment, but now Dean was feeling the frustration too. He tucked the script under his arm and shoved his hands in his pockets, stopping dead in his tracks.
“I believe the Host will be more concerned with how Alastair broke the traps I set.” Castiel nodded in her chin towards the altar. “I drew them myself, and you checked them. There should be no reason why he escaped.”
“Shoot first, ask questions later,” Dean growled, checking his ammo and looking up at Cas, who was twisting the angel blade in his hand like he was on a mission.
With sharp inhalation from Cas, a little noise of surprise, Dean swung her down onto the bed in one fluid motion and slid down her body. He stopped, sitting back on his heels, to take in the fact that Castiel, the one and only person he’d ever fallen in love with, was laying on his bed, not only wanting to sleep with him but actually returning his feelings.
He was rewarded with a full turn of her head, and her chin rested on her shoulder. Blue eyes stared up at him, the annoyance she had been trying to maintain with him melted away completely.
Castiel jerked her hand back, looking stunned and a little apologetic, and Dean realised he’d said ‘holy shit’ out loud.
“I’ve imagined this moment so many times,” Castiel murmured, his voice just barely above a hum. Dean watched his tongue swipe out to dart his lips. “So many ways.”
“It is stupid to love a woman who sells herself, Dean. It isn’t me who will get hurt.” She looked up at the horizon, now a dark purple, the only thing left of the sun was a sliver of orange glow. It reflected in her eyes, dark under thick lashes, glittering like the water’s surface. “I have responsibilities to the duke. I cannot be distracted, by my hurt or yours.” She looked over at him finally, her brows furrowed. “Can’t you see I’m trying to help you?”
So they stepped through the portal, Cas looking back at his other daughter for a moment before everything went gold.
Dean shook his head. He grabbed a slippery bar of soap and ran it over her feet and legs. “You cut me with your words about my legs.”
“Her face was bruised, Balthazar!” Dean hissed, wrenching his bag form his shoulder and gritting his teeth. The bag clunked down onto the bench beside him.
Dean kneeled down beside the graceless angel slowly, grief washing over him in waves as her hot blood soaked into the denim of his knees and he watched Castiel’s face crumble, a thick, heavy wave of tears pouring down his cheeks. They dripped off his nose and chin onto Hannah’s clothing.
He leaned it, pushing his dad on the chest. His father’s hands slipped off his face and John Winchester stepped back, the muscles in his face taut. Dean couldn’t see his eyes, but he assumed they were swimming with anger.
Once the light died away and they all raised their heads, Dean saw the bodies of the fallen angels left and the masked men slamming the doors of their cars shut behind them as they climbed in. The vehicles peeled away and down the street, away from the scene of the battle, and leaving nothing behind but tire tracks, smoke from their exhaust, and a burning corpse on the road in the middle of broad daylight.
“There’s got to be a mistake,” Dean found himself choking out, his hand weakly gripping the door handle.
To her chagrin, there were also a few short and boring text messages from guys she’d been talking to from various dating apps or had taken home from clubs. A guy named ‘Eggplant Vincent (Tinder)’ had messaged her a series of ‘
The cupid shook his head sadly. “No, brother. I cannot. Your love was prophesied by God. It can’t be undone.”
Then, “You have to drag your mouse across it, right-click, select copy,” Jamie explained flatly. “After that, you go to the body of your email and paste, Steve.”
Kevin plucked a cigarette from Ash’s lips and turned around, walking backwards down the dark sidewalk, pulling his coat together with one hand. He waved around at everyone.
Naomi turned slowly, and Castiel pushed himself up onto his knees, tugging his pants up around his hips, all the while glaring at her. Rescue or not, she was still their ringleader and his ultimate captor.
“We’re being tortured, Sam. Threatened with automated rifles, beat, put in solitary confinement where they never turn off the lights and there’s no real place to sleep.” He sniffled, his voice wavering. “They blasted some guy in the chest with a rifle because he asked too many questions. Cas told me about it.”
Gadreel struggled, blinking hard. Then, he choked out, “Fifty? Perhaps less after the attack. The lights barely stay on, t-they flicker sometimes. Half the doors to the Heavens do not work… Yes, I would say less than fifty.”
“It’s better this way. The police will find the bones. The parents won’t ever have to see what happened to their kids, what kind of mutants they became.”
“Don’t,” Dean said abruptly, raising his hand. He was ashamed to admit his fingers were trembling. “Don’t say that. Cas would’ve kicked anyone’s ass who tried to take advantage of her, okay?”
Dean stared at her dumbly while Sam puttered around the kitchen behind them, casually dropping things like a freakin’ virgin every time Castiel mentioned the word ‘sex’.
It was Dean's turn to tip his chin down and stare at his hands. He picked at his nails, too. A habit he'd always had.
Cas stood up straight, hands gripping the edge of the crib as he stared very seriously and solemnly down at her. Dean gently dragged a hand down his back.
“He’s not prowling around here with a gun to make Dean-o shake in his boots, Moose,” Meg growled, stepping into the group, her teeth bared. “Raphael has a gun because the Duke is going to have Dean killed.”
He recalled Dean’s hands on his face when he was sick, reaching to cup his jawline to offer some comfort.
“Out of the kitchen,” his brother, Sam, corrected. “It’s if you can’t handle the heat, get out of the kitchen.”
Dean stumbled, catching her and pressing her up against the door. She tightened her legs around him and reached down to guide his hard erection towards her entrance. He groaned as he looked down, noticing she moved her underwear aside to slide the tip of his cock against her slick clit.
There were feet all around him, then arms hoisting him to his feet and all Castiel could do was weakly fight back because nothing about the way he was being handled was natural as his child tried to force its way out of his body through a hole that most certainly could not accommodate its exit.
Anna’s face fell for a moment and she nodded. “Yes, of course I remember them. My best soldiers, those two. Especially—” her eyes flickered up to Dean, “—
“No, of course not, my Duke. I-I don’t smell anything. Come enjoy the view and enjoy some fresh air with me.”
“Find anything in there about where this final seal might be breaking?” Bobby asked Sam in his usual angry tone that signified that Bobby is scared shitless. He paced over to Sam and hovered behind him, staring down at the pages Sam felt like he’d read a thousand times. “Times? Places?”
“Please, please,” Dean begged, the demon blood in him burning by now, feeling like it was starting to boil. It was repulsed by the panic room and seemed to want out of his body. “Please let me out, Sam. Please, please. I can’t st-stand it in here.”
On cue, behind them, on the other side of the spikes that they’d been attached to, small whimpers and sighs sounded.
Castiel spoke into the restraints weakly, her voice a jumble of muffled sounds behind sigil-engraved leather.
“Made your choice,” Uriel murmured, ceasing the drumming of his fingertips on the table. “You and your brother chose to save this town, and you did.”
Half of the words pouring from her mouth, he knew, weren't hers. It was like she was reciting words from her performance review, written by a boss who was out to get her.
To her credit, she stayed silent, stopping a few feet away from him. Her eyes were unblinking, listening raptly.
“Yes,” Castiel nodded, a bit of colour returning to her face. “I don’t know why I’m telling you this. You… You nearly ruined everything, and I don’t know you. Now get out.”
has tolerated me. I...am making friends, slowly. I don’t know why they want me in their presence, but they do.”
Instantly, Hannah’s hand was on her wrist, rubbing gentle circles into her skin. Her blue eyes were wide, her grip supportive. “You can do it, Cas. I-I mean, you chose him—Zachariah—right? You told Dean this morning that—”
Dean raised his gun to fire at Uriel, but he hesitated… The shot wasn’t clear. A few wrong inches to the right and he’d kill Castiel instead.
Castiel chuckled quietly. “I’d had my eye on her since my grief over Dean’s death passed and I learned how to feel organic attraction, so...I had to know.”
“Deal with this swiftly,” Zachariah said boredly, his hand slipping off Gadreel’s shoulder. Castiel spat at him but missed as Zachariah swept away, disappearing through the door and out into the hallway.
But losing Cas had been worse. And due to all this bullshit, he had Andi. A silver lining. A beginning of forgiveness, of making amends.
Hester’s jaw jumped and she shook her head, rising to her feet and walking over to the sink. Turning on the tap, she poured the milk down the drain. “Until the alphas are dead, nothing is guaranteed. Castiel has had a secondary spot warded and prepared for us as a backup plan; he’d never told any of us, of course. I think he knew there was a spy—”
“Who cares? She’s really fucked you over, right?” Dean said rudely, though Castiel knew better than to be offended. He
“Angels… Openly battling in the streets,” Cas rasped in dismay, giving his head a small shake and wiping his dirty hands on his coat.
God, something was wrong. Dean swallowed audibly with a click and stared at her. “Cas, what’s going on?”
“Yes.” Cas nodded, swallowing repeatedly before he added, “I...don’t know how to explain it, I-I don’t have… I-I have…”
Instead of replying, Castiel simply rolled his eyes and turned onto a side street. When they reached the end, he pointed past Dean to a busy intersection. “Is that where you want me to drop you off? Fro-yo?”
The dirty, used converse on Cas' feet clapped over the chipped pavement, the same ones she’d worn at the bunker nearly a year ago. She wore the same men’s jeans she’d worn at the Harvey’s place, and a blue-striped t-shirt that looked like it had warped in the wash, one sleeve short and uneven compared to the other.
Through the possessive haze of anger, a sliver of confusion opened up and Dean paused, stepping out after Sam as his brother turned on his heel and walked away towards the front door with determination.
Dean had watched those tears drip off Castiel's chin but paid no mind to where they'd landed because he hadn't paid any mind to anywhere but Castiel's face. As Castiel's pain visibly lifted from his burdened shoulders, Dean's had been weighed down, the pain solidifying into his chest like lead.
Sam turned away from Chuck, staring out the windshield as they exited the city, nearing the bridge out of town. “Yeah. He did.”
“My little seraph, I’ll leave you and our Duke alone to get acquainted!” Balthazar exclaimed, and Dean watched his feet do a little spin before he strode away, closing the door behind him.
Zachariah finally opened his mouth, his words cold and steady. “Untie her hands and let her go, constable. I will deal with the mayor. We’re longtime friends.”
It was by sheer luck and pure determination to have Dean feel relaxed that Castiel was even good at this at all. It helped that he had big hands that were normally pretty warm, but otherwise he was winging it. Regardless, Dean was loosening up under the pressure of his hands, visibly relaxing as the minutes ticked by. It didn’t hurt either that Castiel was getting harder and harder just from watching his own hands slide over Dean’s oiled up back, his mouth salivating at the very picture of those shining, smooth muscles. His freckles seemed to contrast and become more prominent in the warm lighting from the bedside lamps.
“Why do I feel like you were a goodie two-shoes in school? Of course you didn’t do that,” Dean chuckled. “I mean, it makes you hurl a few times in a row. It’s all I needed. They took me to the infirmary and did a couple examinations. When time passed and they hadn’t given me any opportunity to grab the stuff, I would just stick my finger in my throat and make it happen again…I’m fucking starved and my stomach kills now but it’ll pass.” He paused to smile, and with a weird look in his eye, Dean murmured, “It was worth it.”
Jack stood at the base of the iron steps, a small smile on his face and his hand raised by his shoulder in greeting. “Hello!”
Sam sighed, and the sound made Dean look up, noticing the exhausted look under his brother’s eyes. “She says she had the kid at some hospital around here… Dean, Cas has a
Nervous energy—like a supernova, building and rumbling in his chest, ready to explode—rippled through his limbs. “Me too,” Dean admitted to Castiel, and for the first time, to himself.
When Dean’s gaze resettled on Cas’ face, his eyes softened. The handsome face smoothed into an expression of support, Dean’s lip twitching into a soft smile until his second orgasm was pulled from him. Cas came at the same time, his forehead pressing against his arm, hating Daphne for knowing how to make him come so quickly, and begrudgingly accepting that she was doing it on purpose, trying to get this over for him faster than usual.
Knowing perfectly well what kind of thing made him the strongest, Dean simultaneously bristled in suspicion and felt a quiver in his stomach of excitement. “You want me to drink blood,” Dean said bluntly. “Cas said you’d have some here for me. You want me to drink that shit and—”
Meg continued to pump at Dean, but Daphne, like Meg had done with Castiel, stopped to give him a break. He knew she wanted him to look at her, to make eye contact, but he couldn’t give it to her. This wasn’t the Daph and Cas show anymore; she’d broken any bond they’d had, he didn’t owe her anything; not love, not forgiveness, not piece of mind, not a single fleeting glance.
Cas’ voice faded into the background, quiet in the kitchen, joined by some rustle in her cupboards and the suctioning sound of her opening and closing the fridge.
“Come on, hurry up. A nurse is gonna come by to get you. Dumah just came by to give you a heads up,” the man said, nodding his head towards the door, which to Castiel’s surprise, was open a crack.
“Of course,” Castiel murmured, giving Dean’s fingers one last squeeze before he twisted his aching torso and crawled into bed, relieved to sleep on a real mattress, even it it was shitty and lumpy. The pillow was crap but it felt like a fluffy, heavenly cloud compared to the hard jack-squat he’d been provided to rest his head in Solitary.
“Oh! Agent, hello,” Mr. Harvey greeted, his eyes unnarrowing as he shuffled away and unlocked the door. His wife, holding their toddler, Tim, in her arms in nearly a death grip, smiled too, but hers was tight and her under-eye bags were deep. They were scared.
“Not often,” Castiel said, realising he did not, in fact, have much fun. “Not really. The same routine admittedly gets tiresome after some time. Sleep, wake up, walk Jack, work, eat, watch the news, fall asleep on the couch…”
He turned back to his sick angel and her friends. “Meg, move aside,” Balthazar said sharply, coaxing her to move with a hand on her shoulder. Meg glanced at him, but followed orders, shifting over enough for him to slide into her place. As Balthazar kneeled on the floor in front of Castiel, one hand on her knee, the other patting gently at her face, he tilted his chin at Meg and asked, “What happened?”
Chuck nodded. “We gotta get to Dean. We gotta stop him before they tempt him with the blood. If he’s strong enough to kill Lilith than we’re fucked.”
Dean rolled his eyes and jumped down from the stool, sauntering—no, walking—over to him and stopping in front of Castiel, close enough that their toes bumped. The edge of the bucket bumped into the bulging front of Dean’s shorts.
Castiel’s gaze didn’t leave his. “Yes,” she replied to Uriel. “He is my responsibility. I’ll ensure he does not succumb to darkness.”
“So you don’t want to sleep with me?” Castiel asked, brows raised, her lips twisted into an arrogant smirk.
Tears were leaking from the corners of his eyes and Dean hiccuped. He nodded, then remembered he was on the phone and he croaked, “Fine. Fine. I’m just...overwhelmed. I can’t believe there's someone in here trying to get us out.”
Castiel watched his own feet as he followed the queue to the mess hall. And when he entered the large room, he regretted not lingering by Dean. He didn’t want to eat with strangers.
Cool air hit his skin where his pants were being dragged down his hips and Uriel’s even cooler, frigid hands ran down his ribs and down his sides, curling around his waist and around his shoulder—every muscle in Castiel’s body grew stiff, then—
You took off after the siren and it’s been two days. You don’t pick up the phone unless you feel like it, and you’re not telling us where you are. Bobby is going to kick your ass when we find you!”
Naomi returned, her heels clicking over the hard floor. Once again, she kneeled before him. This time she didn’t touch him. Instead, her cold, silver eyes darted across the features of his face before settling her venomous stare in line with his gaze.
Wincing, Dean lowered his arm from his eyes and exhaled like his life depended on it, stress pouring out with the stream of air. Grinning a bit, he raised his brows at Sam. “Hey, look at that; we’re not dead.”
“What’re the expectations, then?” Castiel persisted, shaking his head. “How many samples is ‘enough’? What quantifies ‘good’?”
She was so captivating that Dean nearly missed who she was talking to, but his admiration of her appearance tonight was rudely interrupted when the Duke leaned in and captured her red lips, tugging Castiel against him roughly. She took it in stride, placing a gloved hand against his neck and moving her cocktail glass out of the way so it didn’t spill on either of them.
The Duke gasped and Castiel cried out as the door behind Raphael was kicked open, wood splintering from where the intruder’s foot crashed into the door.
A tall skinny man with a pin-straight part in his dark hair pointed a long knobby finger at the door. “That omega. Spoke to you as an
“Yeah.” Dean nodded, twisting his fork in his hand. “We knew each other, kind of. Ran into each other once or twice.”
Immediately, he regretted asking when Pamela’s expression went a bit dark, a bit sad, and she replied quietly, “Pain. Heat. Bad heat, it felt like my skin was blistering off. I heard screaming and I felt like choking. I…”
Castiel blinked, pulling himself away from his very in-depth inspection of the crevice of Dean’s ass where his shorts rode up. Obviously, Dean didn’t mean to show such skin—he’d been leaning over the top of the Impala, nearly lying on top of her. Castiel suspected Dean could have just walked around to the other side to clean that spot, but he also suspected Dean enjoyed being so physically close to his car.
The static had stopped. Inside of Castiel’s head he heard the one beautiful sound he thought he’d never hear again, or want to hear again…
“Anyway,” Dean walked backwards around the corner of the bed, waving his hands a bit as he spoke, “we should get started. Should we discuss details—” She was following him around the bed, her intense eyes locked on his. Dean stumbled a bit, saying in a rush, “—or do you want me to give it to you fast and dirty?”
Once the stage was empty and the bar lights turned on, they filed out of the club with the horde of other attendees, and the fact that Dean’s fingers were still linked with his so that they “wouldn’t lose each other” was the only consolation.
He swiped it forward, his muscles clenching and buzzing, a surge of power building and bursting through his core.
Green eyes rose to meet Castiel’s and Dean added, “This night has been really good, Cas. I’d been feeling kinda lost and angry, but hanging out with you tonight, it’s…”
Meg grinned. “Yeah, God is good up here too. A little fuckin’ weird, but good. Always has his dumb little hand up like, ‘
“I considered it,” Cas nodded. Her hair, long and wild, swaying over her shoulders, flapping a bit in the light warm breeze. She pulled some out of her face and tucked a few strands behind one ear. “But I couldn’t stop thinking about you. I showered, and I find I do my clearest thinking in the shower. Oddly enough.”
The small comfort was washed away quickly, as the dark tide of rejection pulled away any good feelings. After all, even with his soul beared out to her, she’d made the decision on her own. She’d rather suffer here, than spend one second more with Dean in the bunker.
He wondered if he looked as sweaty and nervous as he felt, his shaking hands shoved in between his legs, when Hannah came out with Cas.
Cas opened her mouth, staring into Dean’s face. She seemed to be hesitant, and winced like she was pained. “It’s…”
Naomi’s lip twitched up into a smirk and she shook her head. “Don’t be stupid. The virus will spread, if not as quickly as it did here. It will penetrate our borders and become a national problem. What our role here at The Facility is, is one of factory farming. We extract quality semen, we freeze it, we ship it off to neighbouring government facilities. It will be stored and then distributed to families in need when the time comes.”
She pressed a hand to her chest and smiled at him. “I believe I’ll be servicing other clients on the side as per usual, Dean. But I will say, no one has ever offered me free charity orgasms before. That was a first.”
Castiel rested his hand on Dean’s shoulder, aware that they were still standing obscenely close. But he whispered, “It was stupid for the right reasons,” and it became apparent that this closeness was just how Dean wanted it, because Castiel was pulled into another crushing hug.
Meg slid off her seat and shook her head to throw her curtain of curls over her shoulder. “Like I said before; he was your boyfriend first.”
Castiel turned and smiled at Uriel sadly, though he felt his own face harden as his eyes dropped to Naomi’s rightfully-ashamed face.
“We believe our capabilities are better than those of mortals.” Castiel nodded towards the stained-glass window to their left. “We celestials use magic and equations, we overthink when we should simply just
“For Cas.” Dean rubbed at his lips, feeling distracted. Then he swivelled his eyes up at his brother and raised his brows. “You wanna make a pitstop before supplies?”
“So Uriel came to apologize?” Pamela asked, raising a brow. “Hate to agree with Negative Nancy up in the driver’s seat here, but it does seem strange, Sam.”
Fuck. It explained so much. “I mean, I knew you struggled with being gay, but…" Castiel's hand dropped to his lap too, and he struggled before he went on. "I didn’t know. You’re so... You’re always joking, always smiling...”
Dean’s hand lowered as he visibly hesitated, then he turned it and pressed it to his chest. “It’s me, man. It’s all me, okay? I’m not...like you think I am.”
Castiel didn’t move. She sat on the edge of the bed, and he watched her eyes take in his shaking hands and the clench of his jaw. She seemed to understand something, and then nod again.
"It's what real fun looks like, princess," Dean laughed back, grinning and winking at her. With a rush of bravery, he reached forward and took her hand. Even though his heart hammered in his chest when her fingers wrapped around his, he nodded towards the bar. "Come with me. There's someone I want you to meet."
, he told himself while his knuckles went white around his fork and he dug four holes into his napkin with it.
out of the ones who fucked up. If you say the wrong thing, or think the wrong thing or… It’s brutal, Dean. She let me stay awake during Hell; that was part of our agreement. I got to see her adventure… I saw everything and let me tell you, Dean, she felt better in Hell with you than she’s been feeling in Heaven with her family lately.”
His blade was already sliding out of one angel by the time he swung it at the other one. The two screamed, but he squeezed his eyes shut to the blast of their grace past his face. It probably rumbled down the hallway, but all Dean was privy to was the feeling of the body sliding off his weapon and thudding to the floor to join its friend.
“The righteous man,” Dean whispered dramatically to Castiel, whose gaze was unblinking, enraptured. Dean stepped away from his friends, aware that he’d become the center of attention.
“I thought you said…” Dean hesitated, remembering all the times John had implied the doomed consequences of Dean coming out as anything other than straight. “I-You said, I mean, back when I was—You know, when you thought… That one time with me and Lee—”
Dean shook his head as he slid out of the booth and straightened his jacket. His palms started to sweat, anxiety building in his chest as showtime drew nearer.
“Yet,” Dean emphasized, shaking his head. “Look, I know you’re tryna be the good brother and all, Sam, but you said some rough shit to me the other day. You know, if I’m so weak, if I’m such a bad hunter, and if I’m getting in the way of your fancy angelic destiny, then maybe I should just get out of your way. Maybe we’re better apart—”
Despite the surprise of Sam’s arrival, after his place was set and everyone helped themselves to Uriel’s food—which was, as promised, amazing—the evening started out rather smoothly and without any further surprises. Naomi and Uriel even kept their bickering to a minimum. Not, of course, that they had too much choice in the matter, since as usual, Hannah talked most of the evening. She and Sam filled most of the conversation with regaling everyone about their budding relationship, their long-distance arrangement, and going over which shows they liked the most during the festival.
Castiel felt himself laugh a little bit, the noise sounding like a pathetic little hiccup that he hoped Winchester wouldn’t judge him for. He felt a tear tumble off the end of his nose and drip onto the floor.
When Cas pushed off the window and paced the room, scrubbing at his hair, Dean refocused on Sam, but Sam was eyeing Cas through his wince.
Dean snorted bitterly into the phone, his other hand gripped around the steering wheel. He looked out into the wet sideroad he was driving down, and narrowed his eyes. “Kinda sounds like a threat, Sam.”
It was absurd. This had to be illegal. This couldn’t be a thing. They were humans, not lab rats, not cows to be milked or farm animals to be shepherded around.
Castiel felt for her, even if she assisted in Tammy’s adulterous behavior. Ashley’s pain was so visceral that it made his chest hurt worse and his eyes sting a bit. Perhaps Dean was right; maybe he needed sleep.
“Uh, Annette!” Dean called after her, before she pushed her way into the staff room. The woman turned around in surprise, and he smiled nervously at her, waving awkwardly as he approached her.
Naomi’s head reeled back and even behind her copper tinted sunglasses, Castiel could see her eyes flash like a viper about to strike. “Princess Peach? I beg your pardon—”
“Man,” Dean said with a shake of his head, his chin tipping back as he gazed at the sky between the skyscrapers, “Tool was damn good. Who knew, not only would I not miss them at the festival, but I’d watch ‘em twice in one week. What a fuckin’ show. Did you have a good time?”
So Castiel did. He ordered one thing from each category of the menu, and about four kinds of noodles and rice, unsure of what Dean liked. Honestly, it was enough food for about eight people but Dean’s dad was sick and Dean was not dealing with it well, so the least Castiel could do after being insensitive was to feed the man.
His blue eyes widened, pausing his speech. Dean watched him begin to look far away, his gaze glazed over.
Jack had closed the book, the heavy black leather-bound book written in Death's ink. It thumped to the ground in the Empty, landing on the floor in the echoing void. He'd smiled, and raised a hand to God, and his fist uncurled to point at Dean.
“How are you still alive?” Sam asked, bewildered, his brows doing all kinds of puzzling stuff. “If someone struck him with lightning, and you were that close…”
Please let me know what you think in the comments, and if you loved it, please subscribe, as I will be continuing this story in a series. You thought I was gonna leave it with some sweet love confessions and bumping-uglies? Hahah, no, no, no. Adventure and shenanigans to follow; the Empty is still out there!
Cas. I don’t n-need to see his dead face because I watched him die, okay? It took years, but I watched m-my dad drain away and I don’t
He was unsure how he managed to sound so assured of his own abilities, but pleased when Dean did as he was told, shuffling up on the bed and laying face down, his hands sliding over the cotton duvet and under his head, his cheek pressed into the mattress. The back of his muscled thighs became a home for Castiel as he sat on them, hoping he wasn’t too heavy.
Castiel, finally, looked over, and found Dean staring at him in the dark, his brows furrowed, though his face didn’t seem angry, just confused.
“Don’t make this difficult,” she whispered, and Dean froze when he heard her voice go high like she would cry. He’d never seen so much as a tear fall from her eye, so he was suddenly gripped with guilt and shock at the sight of her eyes glistening. “Please leave me alone. I’m-I’m entangled with Heaven. I have obligations to this place. I—”
Irrationally, Sam thought that if they hadn’t been sent on this mission, then Dean wouldn't have drank from Samhain and he felt a certain bitterness towards Uriel and the angels. He banished the thought. It was no one’s fault that Dean got himself into that situation, though Sam should’ve kept a better eye on him. He’d been worried Dean might do something like this.
Dean’s hand thumped against his chest, pulling Castiel’s gaze back to his face, his grin spread over his lips, his pointy canine teeth glittering mischievously. “That settles it, Cas. You, me, Shirley Manson. It’s a date.”
He threw up all night, so badly one point that Dean had woken up and let himself into the small, cramped bathroom. There wasn’t enough room for two grown men to fit in that space, but Dean definitely didn’t care about that and stayed leaned over, one arm on the wall, and his other hand kneading the tense muscles of Cas’ shoulders and neck. At one point, when Castiel thought he was going to choke to death, Dean clapped him on the back hard, and shoved himself into the space beside him, awkwardly half-shoved under the sink. He shoved rough toilet paper into Castiel’s hand and ruffled his hair when he finally wheezed and inhaled a sharp breath.
Balthazar rose from his stool, and he leaned forward, his hand sinking into the mattress by her hip. Never breaking her gaze, he sat on the mattress and whispered, his face close; “The infatuation
Castiel’s eyes flickered to her friends and he noticed her cheeks tint a bit red. She winced. “I’m fine, really. Just a bit of a headache.”
The hand tugged on his waist, bringing them closer. Dean’s body heat crowded Castiel’s personal space and he found them chest-to-chest, stomach-to-stomach, legs pressed together. He was very, very away of his cock against Dean’s, soft through the thin scrubs. He was in too much pain to find it physically arousing, but his mind felt like it short-circuited.
“I’ll believe it when I see it,” Dean growled. “They ain’t told us anything, Cas! Not how long our sentences are, or how they’re determining who gets to stay or go. Nothing.”
“You’re a demon,” Dean sneered into her face, allowing Sam and Kevin—and now Michael and Uriel—to yank him away, all eight hands pulling him easily back into his chair. “You’re unlovable, Meg. You’re evil, and horrible in every way. Castiel doesn’t love you because you’re a snake, you’re nothing but a—”
Castiel looked up from the table like he suddenly became aware that he was visible to the human eye, blinking away a reverie of thought, his eyes clearing up. He shrugged and looked around grumpily. “Doesn’t matter. I’m not hungry anyway.”
Bobby snapped closed his book and rolled his eyes, jutting his finger at the door. “You think I sat in a car with you gassy, angry idjits for eight and a half hours when we
Dean’s hands were in her hair in a second, tangling in the messy long waves. They breathed hard as the kiss intensified, and Cas’ lips parted under the swipe of Dean’s thumb and the guidance of it as it settled in the curve of her chin. Cas' hand slid through his hair, sending pleasurable shudders down his spine.
Inches from his face, Castiel bowed his head, pressing his cheek against baby Hannah’s head, his face twisted in grief for another piece of family he’d lost.
"I can't breathe," Dean kept whispering, his lashes pressed to his cheeks as he scrunched his eyes shut. "I can't breathe."
“Why?” Dean scowled. “Look, no offence, but you don’t have a lot of stuff, Cas. And I know you said you believe me about there being a reason we turned you away from the bunker, but that’s not the same as forgiveness. A-And like, I’m not saying you gotta forgive me, ‘cause if I were you, I probably wouldn’t. But, uh, I just wanted to make sure you were taken care of, y’know?”
Static crackled around him and he suddenly felt heat from behind him, growing from a tiny pit. Swallowing his fear, Dean turned around and watched far through the trees where his lonely little grave was; there was a light. It grew and grew, filling the space in the trees, sending beams of light through the cracks in the shrubbery. With it, a ringing sound reached Dean’s ears, quiet, then louder and louder.
“No, she just wanted to see if we’re going to this comedy show Uriel’s in tonight. I’d meant to ask if you wanted to go...” Castiel said at first, then he paused and added, “And, yes, she’s concerned about you and me. She…”
“Just for the weekend,” Dean murmured in reply, shrugging. Castiel watched Dean take a long sip and took extra care to watch him lick a droplet of beer from his bottom lip before Dean was jerking his head towards the muscle car. “You wanna meet Baby?”
His face cooling down significantly, Castiel nodded and focused on linking sounds together into words that weren’t entirely inappropriate. “Yes. An audit happened recently. It took a month of preparation! Then they were only here for two days, and now we’re just gathering further information they’ve requested. Papers on terminations. They’d like all the archived documents from last names S-to-Z by Monday and...I…” He looked over at Dean, who was staring into his eyes, looking far away. “I’m boring you, aren’t I?”
They’d forgotten about him. Their voices pointed away from him, but he could still hear them over the ragged sobs escaping his throat and the rattling of the shaking table under his head.
After Cas stepped out of the black pants around his feet, Dean grabbed him by the waist again, turning them, and they stumbled a few steps until the back of Cas’ thighs hit the edge of the sink. With a shared grunt from them both, Dean hauled Cas onto the edge of the sink and Cas’ strongly muscled thighs wrapped around his hips, heels digging into his ass.
With a growl, Naomi swept towards him and jutted the phone out at him, pushing it into his hands. With her eyes flashing, she sneered, “I’m reading text messages between Sam and Dean the morning after your—God, what did you call it—’amazing night’? The night you brought a handsome stranger home from Heaven and made ‘a connection’? Remember that blessed, prophesied night, where—” She spread out her hands in hyperbole, mockingly looking up at the ceiling. ”—God split the skies and bonded you both profoundly, mouth-to-cock—”
Sam walked back towards the house, his hair curling at the ends against the humidity of the post-storm air. He was chilled to the bone, but it had nothing to do with the crisp weather and everything to do with the fact that he’d locked his brother in a room that tortured him, and basically screamed at him for being a faithless addict. He’d implied he would be better off dead than what he was. It had been so aggressive of Sam to say, and he wasn’t sure where it had come from, but to hear Dean say he
On the other hand, Claire’s face lit up. Jamie noticed she looked like she’d grown a foot in a year, and her hair was long and starting to look wavy. The girl’s big blue eyes sparkled and she shoved past her mother and father. “Auntie Jamie!”
Her skirt swayed as she shifted her weight on her feet. He thought she might turn around and leave, which was nothing less than he deserved, but she replied bluntly, tone flat, “It’s a no. I am rarely asked what I want, and there are very few men who pay
Sucking in a hard breath, Castiel screamed as loud as she could when Raphael leaned over the bed and took her hands, yanking them out in front of her, holding her wrists down against the bed. Her arms ached at the shoulders, but Castiel immediately became more preoccupied with the unzipping of pants behind her and the cool air the made the skin on the back of her legs rise into goosebumps as her dress was slipped up around her waist.
Dean couldn’t care less about Balthazar’s portion of the song. It faded into the background as Dean watched Castiel lean back against the man, allowing him to drag a frisky hand up her bare thigh and up onto her exposed hip before she hopped off and gave his hand a playful little slap. She swept away, maneuvering through the crowd with a powerful stride, her perfect, uniform waves bouncing around her stoic, alluring face and tossed back shoulders.
Drowned out by the cheering, she pulled away and rasped hoarsely, “I love you. I’ll go with you. Let’s do the original ending.”
he wanted to. Castiel exhaled the tension through his lips and smiled tightly, glancing over at Dean. “Sure. I’d like that. I’ll see him perform another time. Hannah can tell me if he’s even funny.”
Castiel nodded and offered her usual short, raspy replies. She was, although mortal now, her typical self. Homelessness and being on the run hadn’t changed her a bit. Dean didn’t know why he’d expected her to be different; it had only been six months since the fall of the angels. How much could’ve changed in Cas other than her hair and the fact that she didn’t have makeup on anymore? Her vessel had always worn makeup, and he supposed he shouldn’t be surprised that the moment Cas was responsible for her own appearance, she ditched the mascara and blue-tied getup. He couldn’t imagine it had been too comfortable to walk around in those black pointed business heels all the time. When they reached the bunker and Cas got out, he was amused to see she was wearing a pair of ugly, dirty, green high-top knock-off Converse on her feet.
God. That hurt. The very idea of doing that… Castiel sucked in a harsh breath, watching his fingers give into the anxiety, trembling as they picked at the beer label. “I don’t want to do that,” he breathed, licking his lips, his chin crumpling. “And I don’t think I can. I’ve tried to leave...I always come back.”
“Please,” Jamie wept. “Please, just take me and leave everyone alone. M-My brother needs an ambulance…”
“You can keep saying that all you want,” Dean panted, lowering himself down, his arm quivering, to peck Cas on the lips. “But you have me and you have this and—you wanna have sex with me or what?”
After exchanging parting words with his brother and their new friend, Dean retraced his steps, making his way down onto the dance floor, maneuvering around tables. He passed through the lobby and found Kevin at the front of house booth, counting money.
They stared at each other. Castiel didn’t feel the confidence Dean did about discussing his family, if he could even call his mother ‘family’. Trying to sound even, though he felt a bit choked, Castiel admitted quietly, ”I haven’t spoken to her in years.”
Dean turned away and took another shot of brandy offered to him by Ash. He hadn’t ever had the privilege of trying any alcohol this luxurious and he was going to take full advantage of it…especially if he was expected to meet with Castiel tonight. She was fierce and frightening. Just the thought of having to convince her to do anything was intimidating.
“You don’t have to do anything,” Castiel rasped into Dean’s jacket, his hand pressed firmly to Dean’s back, fingers spread. “You already did everything you needed to do. You did your best.”
But behind him, Cas rasped, “Yes. Worse since this morning. I-I can barely think. My...my brain feels like it’s in a fog. All I can think about is…”
“You’ve seemed morally offended by all this alpha-omega crap, so you’re not gonna like the answer,” Sam pointed, grunting a bit as he twisted the child-proof lid on the bottle and raised it to his nose so he could sniff inside. “If they have sex during a super-heat and are marked, they’re essentially mated, and that’s usually good enough to slow down the really horrible side effects. But, I mean,” Sam huffed with bitter laughter, shaking a few pills into his hands,  “if they get the omega pregnant, it stops altogether.”
“I don’t like being like this,” Dean explained quietly. “Whatever you got? It’s probably better than this. Hit me with it.”
“He’s around here somewhere,” Jimmy said suddenly, his eyes softening at the corners. Dean noticed the crow’s feet weren’t as deep; Jimmy looked as young as the day he died.
Dean couldn’t explain why, but he had a weird feeling as he walked up to the building, noticing sketchy looking people exit the front doors. A group of skinny, rough looking dudes and lumpy looking middle-aged women with bad bleach jobs hung out outside, puffing on cigarettes, sitting on delipidated lawn chairs and hacking out their lungs. To Dean’s surprise, when he stepped inside, a woman sat at a counter behind bulletproof glass, and when Dean walked up to her, she smiled kindly.
Ah, well, at least Dean wasn’t the only person holding on to his mortal anguish in some way or another. Regardless, fuck him.
The sky above them was turning grey, clouds rumbling and darkening the set of his dream in tandem to the roiling of anxiety in his chest.
, Dean’s fingers pressed against Cas’ forehead to feel for fever, prompting a flicker of fear that flashed behind Cas’ eyes and he jerked away, glancing up frightfully at Sam before he groaned and squeezed his eyes shut.
Anna laughed quietly, nodding and tucking a piece of hair behind her ear as she sat at the table, pulling herself in close. “Thank you. I am hungry. I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to enjoy a meal again, so… if I’m going to have one now, might as well be bacon,” Anna joked, though she seemed a bit sad, her brows twitching.
“Well, yeah, but the mill’s been around since the industrial revolution; I’m sure there’ve been dozens of workers who died there before decent labour laws were put in place. Finding the one angry ghost in that place might be a struggle.” Bobby argued with annoyance.
Cas kicked him in the ankle playfully and gestured to Dean with his glass, watching Dean suck down his own, the cocktail in his hand a gradient of orange and red. “I can’t tell just yet if I’m allergic. Better have a few more to find out properly.”
Once the door closed, Dean pushed Castiel’s hair back from her face, brushing her tears away. Their foreheads pressed together. In the inch between their lips, he breathed, “Let me take you away from here. You, me, Sam. We can run away. We can start over. Sam knows people back where we’re from, in Kansas. It’s no New York, but he has friends, actor friends who can help you get started down there. It might not be diamonds and the can-can, but you’ll be an actress. A real one. And we can be together.”
Ugh, how frustrating. They’d just started to feel comfortable around each other, and now, after days of mystery silence, Castiel was right back to square one. Right back to anxiety in the face of an enigma wrapped in worn cotton, flannel, and denim.
“I won’t hear any of this,” Dean insisted, clapping his hand against Castiel’s ass. “We’re gonna make up for the weepy tears and sappy dancing with some good ol’ bumpin’ uglies—oof!”
By the time Sam returned with a bottle of water purchased from the small corner store across the street, Cas had laid down to recover from nearly being cooked from the inside out. Not wanting to wake him, muttering something about heat fatigue and ‘the smell’ that’d gone away mysteriously, Sam had rationalized that suppressants could wait until tomorrow.
But of course, Castiel had turned down the offer. Even his broken, Godless world needed Heaven and angels.
“Why me?” Dean asked, finding his voice. He’d had to reach down into the pit of his stomach to get it, but he’d found it eventually.
Anna went on, her face eerily calm, her back straight as a board as she perched on the edge of the window seat, surveying everyone. “I saw the state of affairs up in Heaven; God left us, left us all without direction, and many of the angels seemed lost. They’ve been training to maintain a mask of order and harmony, but there was certainly unease lurking under the surface. And I…” Her face screwed up in thought. “...I envied the humans. I wanted to live like them, creatures made by God, living their lives with the ignorance of destiny and fate. I didn’t want to lead garrisons of angels anymore, not without purpose, not after being seemingly abandoned by our father. Not when I had so many doubts.”
The audience gasped as she pulled her angel blade from her pocket. The weapon was real—she’d insisted on having it with her, especially after the incident with the police chief, and most certainly after the night in the tower with the Duke. Everyone had been so cautious about leaving them alone together all day today, but luckily she hadn’t needed to use it.
A sigh and a shrugging moustache confirmed that Bobby was indeed sure. “Yup. End of times, ladies and gents. The Rise of the Witnesses kicks off the Apocalypse parade. The Witnesses shed some blood, and it’s basically a dinner horn for all things end-times.”
Castiel licked her lips, her eyes steady on Dean now while her hand toyed with the Duke, her ministrations faster. Dean held up a finger, then swept two fingers in the air in the shape of a heart.
“You didn’t say anything,” Castiel rasped in a way that had nothing to do with his voice and all to do with how the words seemed to burst from him against his volition.
“Where’s my hug?” Dean mocked, walking past Sam, back towards where he remembered the car parked. When he looked back, Cas was smiling in Sam’s arms, her eyes closed as she rested her cheek against Sam’s chest. Sam looked over his shoulder and yelled, “You get a hug when you disappear for a year and I actually miss your ugly mug. Cas is bleeding and carrying like a million babies, and she apparently saved your ass. Keep walkin’.”
He caught up with her as she stomped backstage, her hair flying wildly behind her, her rage nearly swirling around her. He didn't blame her; she'd been arrested for being a victim of assault. She'd been blamed, as if she'd done something to deserve it. He couldn't image her rage at being put in handcuffs. He struggled to catch up; she was fast, that wiley girl, and a hurricane wrapped in a human woman's body, but he caught up eventually.
“Well, leave her to get ready, then! That’s enough with the hugs, she probably is tired of you sitting on her lap! You’ll wrinkle Celeste’s skirt!!”
“You said it,” Bobby snorted. “Also goes by monkshood and wolfsbane. It’s real Professor Snape-type shit. The stuff is poisonous as hell, but natively grows in Europe and Asia. It used to litter the shores of Anthemoessa back in ancient times, but you know where it don’t grow naturally?”
Thankfully, it appeared Dean was a merciful man. He leaned in and kissed Castiel quickly, the peck he planted on his lips brief but still immeasurably reassuring. “Show me that bed.”
Andi winced and shrugged a shoulder. “Not all of us made it. There are dozens still missing that meant to meet us on earth. I suppose they’re out there somewhere now, growing up human from infancy, unaware of the power they used to hold. But that’s the magnanimous mystery of our powers. Grace is unpredictable, but it is not, to answer your question, what makes us.”
Dean raised a hand and forced a smile onto his face. “I gave you shit for months about turning your back on me in favour of Heaven, and then I went behind your back and got close with Cas. Kinda sounds like hypocrisy to me, too. We ain’t perfect, Sam. We fucked up, but we just gotta get our shit together and move forward.” He reached over and clinked Sam’s beer with his. “Like brothers. Like we used to. No more secrets.”
“What the…” Dean shook his head, watching Andi walk into the room and bend to pick a couple off the floor. “Where did you get all of these?”
“The angels, I can hear them. They said I must be kept away from the demons, and they said if I’m captured, they can exterminate me.” Anna’s voice shook and she felt her eyes sting with tears. “I don’t know why the angels want to kill me. I’ve never done anything wrong. M-My dad’s a priest, and my mom… Listen, I’ve never done anything wrong. Please just take me back to my parent’s house.”
Their smiles melted together as they inhaled, mouths slotted into place like destined puzzle pieces before they exhaled together, their breath warm on each other's skin.
“Dean!” Jody said, her eyes wide as she looked up from Claire. At his name, Claire twirled on the spot too, and she grinned.
“Well, I did my best, but maybe next time I get put in charge of getting us a new copier, I go with the best-reviewed one instead of just going with a brand we used to do advertising for.” While Castiel drowned in embarrassment, Dean looked over his shoulder to lock eyes with him and grinned sheepishly. “We said on the ad that it was the sturdiest on the market. It’s said to be able to hold a two-hundred-pound man on it. It’s supposed to have a life of fifteen years!”
“Oh my God,” Uriel laughed, approaching Castiel where he was perched on the sidelines of the barbeque, keeping company to the cooler of non-alcoholic punch. “He liiiives. Castiel in the flesh. Didn’t think you were gonna make it!”
“And the feeling?” Dean, on autopilot, leaned away from the headboard, shuffling closer to her. “You remember that—”
The nod Castiel gave him in return barely finished before Dean leaned down and shimmied Castiel’s jeans down his thighs, leaving them around his knees as he reached up and did the same with his briefs. Before Castiel had a chance to ask what he was supposed to do next, Dean dropped down onto his knees and grasped Castiel’s hips, his eyes watching the swollen, bobbing erection before him.
Nothing was resolved and they’d have to work through the tangled mess of their dynamic, but when Dean pulled Jack into his arms, he could feel the regret in the tightness of Jack’s returned embrace. Jack had killed Dean’s mom, made him relive having to deal with her being taken again. When he’d been a kid, it had almost been easier because he didn’t know what he was missing, but as an adult…losing her was devastating.
In the dirt, Gadreel did not turn away from the spray of dirt, instead bowing his head and simply raising a hand to wipe it from his eyes.
Castiel shrugged, making the water rock gently around her shoulders. She set her glass on the rickety table Dean had set on her end and she traced the rim of the glass with her pruny finger. Her eyes followed her finger as she contemplated, “Balthazar jokes that she’s not an angel, but a demon, a creature of the underworld. I think she was hoping to have a bigger part in the play. She knew I would be cast as Celeste but I think it stung that she’d be cast as my backup. She...adores me and is jealous at the same time.”
“Answer the question,” Castiel growled, pausing involuntarily to suck in a sharp breath as her legs started to go numb, pins and needles stabbing at her skin as blood rushed and pooled from her wounds.
“You need help, Daph?” Meg asked lazily, gathering her samples. “It’s break time. It’s pot luck day today, I think. I mean, I never bring anything but Kaitlyn makes wicked good lasagne that—”
“It was a modestly sized rock,” Cas said flatly, her eyes still darting around the cave, the dull orange light from one singular lantern resting on a ledge, casting half her face in shadow. “I kept coming in and out of consciousness on the way back to the cave. I woke up very briefly when the monster dropped me in the dirt to go attack you.”
Cas’ chest rose and fell quickly, her breath picking up as the flat of his tongue dragged over her nipples, his chin dipping underwater and bubbles sloshing around his lips. She tasted like soap and perfume, her breath like sweet wine as it puffed out past her glistening lips.
Fuck him for being so heartfelt. Dean smiled back and murmured, “I’m nervous. A little. Haven’t… Haven’t, uh, done this in a while.”
Remembering blood oozing into the trench coat around a spike from Bobby’s crossbow, Sam felt a bit sick.
It only took a moment for Dean to realise it wasn't pointing at him. He hesitated, then followed the shaking finger, twisting his torso to look over his shoulder.
Castiel’s favourite time of day—his time with Dean after the second deposit—was destroyed by an announcement made by Naomi at dinner.
Cas didn’t turn around. With her back to him, her shoulders squared, she clipped, “The profound bond was an accident, something that happened when Celeste marked Daniel in Hell. But the bond wasn’t love, Dean. It was…it was something silly. Something stupid and reckless. It got in their way, it made them make stupid choices, it made Celeste hurt her own kind, turn her back on her family. She wasn’t meant to have free will like a human. It wasn’t in the design.”
And he did get more. He watched over his shoulder as Dean pulled his shirt over his head and tugged off his pants, just enough, just enough to free his cock which shone at the tip, dripping pre-come. It was thick and smooth looking, curved up a bit, and watching Dean smear lube all over it with a slide of his palm and a twist of his wrist made Castiel wonder how he ever fancied himself to be completely straight. Clearly that cock had been sculpted by god to slide home, right into Cas’ ass where it belonged.
The angel—now freshly human, thanks to the Empty—rolled his shoulders and lifted his hands off Dean.
“That’s bullshit,” Dean replied quickly, waving the pen in the air vaguely. “I’m not filling that out, the government can suck—”
Thank you so much to everyone who has been waiting patiently for this next chapter. This chapter is huge and obviously, the world has been insane the last few weeks so writing took a backseat. But I am home now so the next chapter will be coming out very shortly--I'm working on it today, so look out for it in the next few days.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Dean said, dropping his hand from Castiel’s and stepping back. With his brows raised and his finger pointed, Dean explained, “Listen, Cas. Helpin’ me blow off some steam is not taking advantage of me. I’m not drunk, I just—” The tips of his ears were going pink. “—got a little weepy, okay? Don't make it weird, dude. We did a little dance, and now I expect a little love makin’ and gettin’ down tonight.”
The house lights dropped abruptly, and Dean and Sam exchanged impressed, excited looks as the lights in room flashed and swiveled around, illuminating the crowd in rainbow colours, strobing. The lights turned back onto the angels, and the crowd cheered.
Castiel tilted her head back, resting it on the door. In a sigh, she whispered, “You’re going to be bad for business,” She tilted her head down and leaned forward, half an inch away from his lips. “I can tell.”
“Dean!” Sam added, reaching up to yank down his bandana from his mouth to reveal a grin. He was tanner than Dean remembered, and his hair was longer (and was that a beard?) but the same happy, bright greeny-hazel eyes met Dean’s. “Hi, jerk!”
Dean swallowed what sounded like a hybrid of a grunt and a moan, letting Castiel twist them both until Dean’s ass was bouncing against the edge of the counter. Like a gentleman, Dean tilted his head to the side and let Castiel lick his way up his neck, sucking on a spot under Dean’s ear that made Dean keen and breathe, “Oh, fuck.”
The stoic, emotionless news anchor lady had told them: “Any men found to be fertile must turn themselves in. Failure to do so will result in incarceration and discipline to the highest degree. Anyone who finds a fertile man unwilling to test will be given a monetary reward.”
Charlie was, as Dean said, gay as a unicorn. Quite literally, every limb of her body was adorned in rainbow jewellery and around her neck she even wore a choker with a dangling cat charm that said, ‘Meow, I Love Pussy’.
“Okay, Castiel!” she yelled out into the night. “I want to go on an adventure. I want to see a bunch of crazy shit, and I want you to promise you’ll take care of my brother, and his family, and my cat. I want my cat to be one of those freak animals that lives until thirty.” Her voice softened as she stared up into the vast, dark sky. She whispered, “And I want to visit, maybe when, y’know, there isn’t a bunch of Heavenly stuff we gotta do. And you have to
