Stark held out his hand to the side, and one of the gauntlets flew back onto it. When he extended his index finger, it opened up, and something came telescoping out of it, a cross between a flashlight and a pen. But instead of of going for his ass, Stark pulled up a chair, and sat down right in front of him.
The bedroom windows were equally well secured, not even a seam or a hinge, just like the collar, just like the cage. He picked up the closest piece of furniture, a nightstand, letting the lamp crash off it. It was harder to lift than it should have been—either they made things heavier in this glorious future, or his body was still weak—but he managed to heft it at the glass pane with good force.
"You loved that, didn't you?" Stark chuckled. "Choking for me, while I used your hole. Again?"
He dipped his fingers inside, and the entrance gave easily for him, letting another gush of come flood out over his hand. He could easily imagine these faceless hordes having their way with his limp, unresisting body. Pumping their seed into him, and then leaving him here, hard, wanting, and none the wiser.
Stark thrust only a few more times before coming inside him too, with a satisfied grunt, and only then did he let Steve's head fall.
He'd panicked, that was the long and short of it.
The last thing he remembered was going down with that plane, the vast ocean looming before him, filling his view. Then the wet, the ice, the bitter, all-consuming cold—
inside him the way plastic hadn't. Stark rutted against him a few times before draping his body over Steve's, arms coming around him in yet another cage. Rough hands clapped over his ears, grasping the sides of his head and using it for leverage as he fucked into Steve's waiting hole in earnest, opening him up with every thrust.
Stark's face disappeared, to be replaced with a familiar round shield, painted in primary colors. His shield. It spun through the air and was caught on one gloved fist, before the camera panned out.
All in all, he looked strangely familiar.
Steve's stomach dropped. He jerked against the headboard, and cricked his neck, looking around wildly for someone else in the room. Bad enough for Stark to use him, but to give him to someone else—
But how could Stark be sitting there, when he was currently buried hilt-deep inside Steve, gripping him around the rib cage with gouging fingers? It made no sense.
If Stark had wanted a serious blowjob, Steve would have put in the effort, would have sucked and licked to the best of his abilities, though he'd never done it before, and only had the foggiest idea of how. Anything, to get the hand on his raging erection that he so desperately needed.
"Stark," Steve said again, desperate. One of the arms, ending in what looked very much like a dick, was moving purposefully between his legs. "Listen, please—"
Sighing, the man pushed Steve's face off of his crotch, and backed up. His penis emerged like a magic trick, and flicked Steve in the nose, leaving a string of his own saliva.
In his hiding spot, Steve held his breath, waiting.
"Still care about that sterling reputation, huh? We'll see. Maybe keep that in mind, next time you think about disobeying."
Steve wasn't really looking at anything, because his eyes wouldn't focus. He had the vague impression of blurry skin, inches from his face. Squinting, he finally managed to make out a lean torso, chiseled six-pack, and a tattoo running along the hip, like an arrow, firing from a crossbow.
Steve waited for the order to turn over, present his other end, but instead Loki went for his gashed arm, still bleeding sluggishly, and ran his cool palm over that too. The leaking blood slowed, and then stopped entirely. Before his eyes, the flesh began to knit together, until it was unblemished and whole.
There came a rattling sound, and then a rush of something heavy and cold pouring over his covered body.
There was nowhere for Steve to go, and it was Stark who slid over, pulling himself into a sitting position as he did so. When he was close enough, he pulled Steve's head into his lap, and waited expectantly.
Slowly, Steve let his eyelids fall shut.
"Just shut it." Stark's hand ground down. "Not in the mood." Steve's wrist couldn't have been described as delicate by any measure, not since the serum, but he felt the bones in his arm squeeze, a physical reminder of the precarious position he was in. Stark could easily snap those bones if he chose, and then hang Steve up anyway—and if Steve struggled against it, all he'd get was shocked or choked for trying.
His groin settled on something soft—Stark had taken a pillow from the bed, and put it over sharp corner, which was surprisingly considerate of him. Otherwise the metal edge might have made a eunuch of him. Steve's bare chest, though, was ground against the cold metal, his nipples hardening on contact, his face pressed down to stare between the bars into his recent accommodations.
Steve must have made a noise, because Stark looked up. Smiled fondly, watching him get fucked.
The elevator, when it appeared before him, came like a mirage. Two metal doors, an emergency exit sign, and a panel of buttons that Steve lunged for like salvation. But before he could reach it, a pane of ice came crackling up from the ground, sealing over the door and the panel like a pond freezing over on fast forward, right in front of his eyes. There was a sudden cold bite in the air, so abrupt he could taste it.
Clint slapped his joined hands, and Steve flinched, but didn't unclasp them.
When he didn't respond, there came a low whistle. "Damn, you are, aren't you?"
"Give me your hand," Loki said, in a tone that booked no room for resistance. Steve released Loki's penis with a wet sound, and released his own with a trembling hand, that he placed reluctantly into Loki's, open palm facing up ward.
In the settling dark, the coffin felt every bit as claustrophobic as the cockpit of that doomed plane.
"Potential fucktoy," Stark amended. "Don't get ahead of yourself, soldier boy."
Heart racing, Steve forced himself on. He turned another corner, and realized that he was leaving a trail of blood, still dripping from the gash in his arm. But besides clutching his makeshift bandage tighter, there wasn't much he could do except hurry on. He wasn't familiar with the building, wasn't even familiar with moving on his own two legs anymore. Pain and dizziness threatened to send him crashing down at any moment, and his aching head could hardly keep straight which way was up besides, but he had to keep going.
Steve shut his eyes.
It didn't take a genius to figure out what the second hook was for. Once he put his ankles over it, he was sure he'd be held taut between them, the line of his naked body stretched out and vulnerable to whatever Stark chose to do with it.
He couldn't do it.
By the second day, most of the pain had faded, along with the worst of the injuries, courtesy of his healing factor. Thanks to Howard for undoing what his son had done.
There was the clink of glass, as Stark set his bottle down. "Jarvis, vitals?"
. It numbs you. Slows you. Soothes you, if you let it. So let it."
of moving. But holding still was equally agonizing, the damn thing was tearing him apart just being inside him, showed no signs of leaving.
But Stark only briefly touched him, finger dipping into his loose and sloppy entrance, almost wistful as they stroked him inside. "It's been a long day, and I just wanted to enjoy my new toy. Instead you just had to go and do something like this, and now I have to discipline you instead."
"Hold for me, just like that."
The ice prince flicked his pinky over the end, and more letters appeared his digit, so that it read, "Property of AESIR."
Steve half turned to see what could have shattered it on impact, which was why the first strike caught him in the side of his gut. He bowled over, grip slacking despite himself, and the second one caught him in the back, knocking the last of the precious air from his lungs, and crumpling him to the ground.
Whatever that meant.
A flash of some strange light flickered in Loki's eyes, and Steve felt his face began to tingle. The come seeped into his skin, an indelible mark that he knew he'd never be able to wash off.
When he woke, he was tied up again. Rope instead of chain, binding his wrists to the bedposts on either side of his head. He was lying flat on his back, which was new at least, chest and groin uncomfortably bare.
"What a view," said Stark, and Steve flushed.
"Only on my shifts," she said, putting on her gloves, and the plural made Steve's stomach sink. Multiple shifts, which meant he'd been kept here for days at least, drifting in and out of consciousness as his body was used, visited like a public john.
As he began to raise and lower himself, thighs trembling with the effort before he'd barely even started, a commercial break came on. Stark got up—his turn for the refills—and Clint leaned back and checked something on his phone. Steve slowed to a stop, and received a smack for it. Biting back a snarl, Steve resumed his work, while Clint lazily swiped at his screen.
But he couldn't wear the collar either, knowing that it left him at Stark's whims, knowing that at any moment, it could close his throat, and for as long as Stark chose.
Peter shrugs. He closes the door and Loki leaves the clothes as promised.
“Peter!” Pops pats his back as the piece of meat and bread slides down hard. Peter sips his juice. “You know better than to take big bites like that.” Pops face scrunches up, as if a bad smell came around.
Natasha hung up.
“Go in,” whispered Sam.
Slowly, Steve has gathered information about Anthony's condition. He is a nymph of rare breed. For his kind, they must attach their immortality to flora or arbor to keep it. If they choose to leave that place then mortality comes and the plant's life force with it. And the most important detail, once Anthony abandons the tree he must find a mate and bear children to escape, as he describes, "a worse fate than spending eternity in a tree." Anthony blushed at the confession about the "mating" but said it was imperative.
“It is my honor and pleasure to meet you, young one,” Thor said. He bowed to the boy. Jane got up and kneeled in front of him. “What’s your name?” she asked.
Peter drank his milk and ate carrots. Da let him eat two tarts instead of one like Papa said.
“Hmm,” said Frigga.
Peter felt wetness on his hair.
“Thanks for the vote of confidence,” Bruce says drily.
Steve took all this in stride. Anthony like him was lonely. Purposeless.
That is a loaded question. Bruce opens and closes his mouth like a gold fish.
“I hope Peter liked my gift,” says Coulson.
“Huh,--right. Basically, what I’ve been trying to do. Get Steve out of bed cleaned up and looking like America’s Golden Boy and not a hobo. I need you to help me—”
Bruce takes the hand, so miniscule to his own, and lets the child lead him.
Peter got into the car and watched as the Hall went by.
"I know. But my dad doesn't have much time with the new position at the precinct."
After the initial surprise of seeing Sif unkempt, Thor coughed and brought the attention to him.
Silence for a moment.
Steve pushes him into Tony’s arms.
"Like on the day we met," Anthony says.
He can see the parents: an older man who is flustered and scared and a younger woman who has great sadness in her eyes. The man is carrying Peter and gently places him on the doorstep. The woman kneels and begins to kiss Peter on his head.
“Statue of Liberty,” Dad says to Pops.
“I need a shower,” Steve says.
"Not a fan. Easier for me to reach you like this."
Somehow, Steve found that he could read it.
She held up the end of the IV expectantly, and Steve shuddered.
Strapped to a hospital bed, Stark's cock buried in his mouth, bulging obscenely through his cheek.
A panic set in, as he tried to kick his legs out against the door, but he had no room, no leverage, and the feeble, tiny kicks did nothing.
. That okay with you, big guy?"
Steve stared at him, bewildered. "I—"
"You're doing so good," she said, brushing his sweaty hair from his forehead. Steve couldn't help but lean into the touch, the praise. "I'm just going to put this on you so Clint doesn't feel
From his new position, head down, Steve had a much reduced field of view, but he did see the cart that went by, and caught a glimpse of an array of brightly-colored plastics, varying in size. They were cylindrical and looked like toys, some curved, some with ridges. The smallest was about the width of a man's finger; the largest an obscene girth he would have struggled to wrap two hands around.
Last month was Prostate Cancer Awareness Month, make sure you and your loved ones get checked if applicable!
What the hell was he doing?
Prompts used:
He had put himself willingly into this position, and he'd be held tightly in place like this by the bars—immobilized, plugged, aching—until someone came to let him out.
He disappeared into the bathroom, and returned shaved, dressed, and excited. "That does remind me. I still owe you one more punishment, don't I? For trying to run away, back on day one? You really shouldn't have done that."
Sometimes when he woke, there was food waiting for him, or ice water, pure bliss on his aching throat, or a fresh pillow. He couldn't understand how these deliveries happened, how he always slept through them, when other times he woke at the slightest sound: passing planes, the heater buzzing, footfalls outside, imagined or otherwise.
If the staff-wielding menace caught him and killed him, stabbed him through the chest just like Stark, that would at least be an end to his misery, preferable to a lifetime as a slave.
"You're not a virgin, are you?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"No," Steve said urgently. "No, no, please no—"
Oh no. No, no, no.
Stark slapped him across the face, but his expression seemed to settle, like Steve had done something naughty, but now within the realm of understanding.
He was holding a curved metal band in his hands, which he wrapped around Steve's throat. Steve weakly tossed his head against it, but even if he hadn't been tightly strapped down, there was no fight left in his limp, aching form.
"I should have told you that was a shock collar," said Stark, coming forward to squat in front him. Then he quirked his lips. "Should I have? Doesn't matter, I'm telling you now. I'm gonna need to punish you for that little escape attempt, but not now, I'm busy. Remember that for me, will you? Jarvis, show him where to go."
As soon as his bare feet cleared the opening, the cage shut with a solid click, just like the collar had clicked into place behind his neck.
She delved into him again, suffocating him. His body started to buck upwards, but Clint's hand from behind pushed down on his back, forcing him down.
Despite himself, Steve found himself taking the spoonful carefully, sucking in with his lips to avoid spilling a drop. Amazing what corporal punishment will do to a person's willingness to cooperate. It tasted like chicken noodle, saltier than it had been, back in his time.
The cell was, as these things went, relatively comfortable. He only had to look at the empty dog cage hulking in the corner, still stained with his blood, to remember how things could be worse.
Coming over to Steve with his selection, Stark pinned the phone between his ear and shoulder, freeing his hand to stroke Steve's lips, first with the back of his thumb, then with the fat plug.
To his surprise, the ice began to melt away, and Steve was able to pull away from it, scrape off the last shards with numbing fingers and, huddle there, cold and wet but free. He stared up at the figure, who was looking back at him with exasperation.
It occurred to Steve, with a sharp, cold slap of shock, that he had no idea who had been using his body all this time, if it wasn't Stark.
Before he knew it, he had three fingers inside, working furiously, their way slicked by the come of anonymous men. It wasn't long before he brought himself to a shameful orgasm, and came with a hoarse shout.
"Did you really think the only feature I built into that collar was a zap?"
That wasn't Stark.
Besides the poorly-conceived vent plan, he tried fashioning weapons from what he could find, a splintered leg of furniture ("Leave that by the door, please," said Jarvis), a short, crude rope fashioned from the used bandages, washed and dried ("Please thoroughly cleanse your hands when you're done with that," said Jarvis), the blade carefully dug out from his safety razor ("I regret to inform you that you won't be receiving a replacement," said Jarvis).
"We'll meet someday, this I promise you. Until then, sleep well."
He could count every wire after all, because he could feel each one where it landed. Five of them, fanned over his back, each one kissing him with white-hot agony. Even a brief flick of contact drew a stripe of searing pain from his every nerve, and he howled with it. His fists clenched, his thighs tightened, and he bucked up against the restraints, but there was nowhere to go, he'd already found that out.
New tags for this final chapter, including a new character, relationship, and archive warning! Some more detail in the end notes.
"Then help me," Steve said, without reservation. "If you've been watching," and the corresponding swell of humiliation was nearly enough to heat him, "you know I have no shame left. I'll do anything you want, literally anything, just get me out of here."
"Now, this isn't some PornHub dildo on a stick," Stark was saying, incomprehensibly. Maybe he wasn't even saying real words; he had gone back to soldering some exposed panel on the robot arm, and was only half paying attention to the camera. "You'll love him. Silly, show him."
But Stark didn't leap out at him. He was lying asleep in bed, and on the far side of it stood a strange, tall man, holding a staff.
Eventually a commercial break came on, and Thor began fucking him in earnest, hard enough to bring tears to his eyes. It felt like being pummeled in a hailstorm, painful and fast, and ended with an explosive groan into the back of his neck, giant hands squeezing imprints into his hips until he was sure he was bruised to the bone.
Steve really didn't like the look of this.
Steve turned to look, but again saw no one beside him. Only Stark standing with the cart, tutting over the selection like a housewife choosing the ripest fruit from the produce stand. He had just settled on one, fingers outstretched for it, when a shrill ringing sound interrupted him.
A scepter.
The life that was now very much in danger, Steve realized, as the stranger began to work his scepter back out, one hand fisted around it, the other bloodying itself bracing against Stark's chest.
It was three or four days before he saw Stark again, almost long enough to start carving a tally into the wall, if he had been in any state of mind to care to keep track.
"We will have a great deal of fun together," Loki said, waving a hand over Steve's face.
He could certainly do
It was the same one he'd heard on his first day, when he'd woken up in the infirmary. Another hallucination, conjured by his dying brain?
No, Steve couldn't keep up at all.
"You can't run from me," his pursuer hummed pleasantly, in response to his thoughts. He didn't even raise his voice. He didn't need to.
, and his body, still soft and sensitive and tingling from coming, couldn't take it—
But it meant that none of the comrades he'd fought alongside even existed anymore. It meant that there was no help waiting for him, anywhere, in the world.
This resolution wavered, when a new arm came out, thicker, with a longer, wider cock on the end. Was it going to up the size every time he came?
He remembered his punishment for running away from Stark: being put into the ice, brought back to that frozen hell, held there for an interminable age. Part of him had never left, because he still had nightmares about it, night after night. And now he had tried to flee the prince of ice himself, who could grow a sheet of it at will, who could trap him in it, who would put him under the ice for good. The thought drew a broken keen from his throat, and he scrabbled at his icy manacles with ever more desperation, gibbering and begging senselessly.
He lost track of how many times it happened, how many eternities he spent lying there.
And that's when Steve really started to panic.
Please mind the tags. This story contains explicit rape, and very little else, to be honest.
"Don't make me repeat myself."
back there. He hadn't known that was a thing he could feel. His skin was covered in sweat, making his restraints slippery, soaking into the padded surface beneath him. A bead of sweat ran down his chest, tickling a line between his pecs, and he couldn't even move to wipe it off.
But he couldn't panic. He tightened his hold on Stark's neck in return.
Stark somehow dodged out of the way, more agile than he looked, more agile than his father would have been, and Steve's fists connected with empty air.
Day 6: Please.... & "Get it Out" & No More & "Stop, please"
With a choked cry, he finally gave in to the orgasm, and felt Stark's hands close over his neck at the same time, so that when it tore through him, and destroyed him, it was to the sensation of Stark's possessive hands locked around his throat.
It's over! I honestly didn't think I'd make it through all the prompts, or keep to my posting schedule, but I also wasn't expecting such an incredible response—thank you!
He tried to move forwards, away from the intrusion, but only rubbed himself against the bed, and that was how he discovered he was decidedly, impossibly,
Day 31: Left for Dead
be doing it a third time."
"Stop!" Steve shouted. "What are you—" the rest of it was muffled as the first nurse pressed something into his mouth. He caught a glimpse of something red and ball-shaped before it tucked under his teeth, spreading his jaw painfully wide. Drool instantly formed at the corners of his lips, and he squirmed, but had no way to wipe it.
Stark still had one gauntlet on. He extended it, and a number of long, black wires extruded from a hatch in its palm, like pasta from a machine. They kept growing and growing until they fell to the floor with a whisper, and then just hung there, swaying gently. Stark closed his fist around the ends where they emerged, getting a good grip on them, and then began to swish them around in the air, taking a few test swings, cracking them, rather like—
It wasn't until the blissful white out subsided into shame and horror that he realized that Jarvis must still be watching him.
That it could be multiple men, hundreds of them for all he knew, helping themselves to his unconscious flesh.
(See the end of the chapter for
had to be better than
what you were made for. If you don't get off on this, if your body isn't made to be fucked, this is your chance to prove it." Stark stopped soldering abruptly, and turned to look directly into the camera. "And if it is, then stop fighting me already. I mean it. J, stop rolling—"
Steve broke the gaze first. He leaned into Loki's touch, and turned away from the pathetic figure on the bed.
"There," the woman sighed, drawing back again. "You want to be good for me, don't you? But you don't know what to do with your hands?"
"It's late," Stark said, muzzily, and Steve didn't even dare to breathe. "I've slept like three hours in the past three days. I'm going to pretend I didn't just see what I thought I saw."
"You've reached Iron Man," said Stark, pushing the plastic thing against Steve's mouth, crushing his lip against his clenched teeth. Steve did his veritable best to back away, almost managing to rock the bed with his revulsion, but of course there was nowhere to go. "I'm not here right now, leave a message. Kiss it, babe," he added to Steve, as a voice starting lecturing from his phone. Apparently he didn't care if it heard. "This is the only lube you're gonna get, so you better make it sloppy."
I accidentally also used Whipped from Day 31 out of order. May come back and retroactively count it, if I get to the end and desperately need one more for completionist.
By the time the widest part came free, he had his cheek crammed into the fibers of the carpet, ass up, mouth wide open in a silent gasp. Then it was done, and he threw the thing as far away as possible. It landed, rolled into one of the legs of the massive bed and lay there, innocently nestled into the carpet.
That was impossible.
He melted into it, despite himself. Don't punish me, he tried to project, with every fiber of his being. He was utterly exhausted from the terror, and the fruitless struggles, and the pain. A kind touch like this, not being hurt for just a brief moment, was all he wanted.
Three minutes had been all it took for a machine to unravel him.
Before Steve could properly process what he was being told, Stark had grasped him by the chin, and pried his mouth open. Stark's cock was hot and musky, heavy on Steve's tongue. His jaw still ached from the gag, and Stark wasn't gentle with him, thrusting all the way in, until Steve choked on it, and then some.
"I don't think anyone could have seen all of it, except maybe head nurse. Honestly, she could have discharged you by now, but I think she likes to watch."
He sat down on the edge of the coffin, and pulled the top from the bottle with his teeth, spat it onto the floor. "For taking out my plug, and not preparing yourself for me—you got prepared for me. That was just kind of fair, you know?"
Slowly, Steve nodded. Loki had taken away every mark of Stark's ownership, maybe even killed the man himself, only to replace it with a mark of his own. Going from one captor to another was the last thing that Steve wanted. But instead of pushing the man of away, instead of trying to get up and run, he only said meekly, "I'll do whatever you want. As I promised."
"You're so loose," Clint complained, as if it was Steve's fault, as if he'd chosen to be fucked by the whole room, or by Thor's improbably large dick. He grabbed Steve by the collar and yanked. Steve had to arch his spine unnaturally to avoid being choked, thrusting his chest into the air, and Clint took advantage to bite down on his nipple. Steve cried out brokenly as the teeth closed over his sensitive flesh, and he must have clenched down on the dick inside of him, because he could feel Clint's mouth shaping into a grin against his chest.
"Oh god," Steve moaned.
"Oh, responsive," Stark hummed, and stroked that spot again.
Would he?
By this point, anyone he ran into in these halls, on the street, might have used his ass, his mouth, and he wouldn't have the slightest clue of it.
Just how many years had Steve spent under the ice?
Debt, thought Steve distantly.
Steve wasn't far gone enough that he couldn't feel shame and horror. That his body would be subjected to this was one thing. The idea that his reputation could go through the same treatment was more than he could bear. "Don't," he croaked, "Stark, please don't, I'm begging you."
The sharp snap of them sliding on made Steve flinch out of his thoughts. "Where am I?" he said. "What's going on here? The plane—"
There were grooves at the bottom that seemed tailored to his measurements, and he turned over on his back so he could put his arms and legs into them. The space was tiny, the walls pressing at his elbows, the bottoms of his heels. There was an elevated platform under his head, so he could stare down at his own naked body stretched out.
But there was no correction, and when he looked up it was to see Loki's head thrown back in pleasure, eyes shut, grin dimmed to a blissful smile. Steve repeated the motion with more force, and Loki let out a low, guttural moan, one that sent a wave of heat flushing through Steve's entire body.
Casually, Stark reached over to a machine, and turned a dial. Liquid flowed into a clear tube, and towards Steve. Steve tried to follow it, but the drugs moved faster than his gaze. Before he could figure out where it was inserted into him, he went right back under again.
"On you go," Thor boomed, slapping Steve on the ass, hard enough to leave another mark.
Day 3: Forced to their knees
"How long were you gonna wait before you told me he was up?"
He wasted a moment deliberating with himself, but it wasn't so much that had run out of choices—he had never even had one to start with, not since he'd arrived in this bleak future. If anything, it was either crawl in himself, or be tortured and then dragged in there. He honestly didn't know which was worse.
He hobbled to his feet, the room spinning around him, and staggered his way to the door, all but slamming into it. Worked the doorknob behind his back with bound hands—Stark didn't even bother to lock it anymore—and then lurched out into the equally dark hallway.
Stark's palm fell on said ass with a clap, kneading it possessively. After all that had been done to him, it should have felt tame, but Steve still grunted and tried futilely to squirm away.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Just be good for me, and I'll be good to you, Cap."
Day 11: Struggling
"Am I dreaming?" Steve wondered.
"Did it turn
He also spent a lot of time studying his new tattoos: mostly the one on his hand, which always seemed to catch the corner of his vision, a flash of foreign ink marring his body, just when he'd forgotten it was there. He considered cutting them off, one way or another, but it occurred to him that Stark would just put them right back on. Getting away had to be his first priority; cosmetics, second.
The screen shut off, leaving just the timer. Steve clenched and unclenched his fists, breathing heavily. This couldn't be happening to him. Stark wasn't even going to fuck him himself, he'd built a machine to do it?
The man was wrapped in green and gold robes, and wore an elaborate two-pronged crown on his head, like it was the most natural thing in the world. He looked up to see Steve in the doorway, and his face split into a wide grin. Slowly, deliberately, he put a finger to his mouth, a shushing motion. Then he pointed down.
"Hm?"
But when he finally dared look into Stark's face, he saw no mercy there, only cold anger, and Steve kept his mouth shut.
erect.
Had Howard experimented on his own son with the serum?
Wracked with pain, delirious, Steve had no concept of time passing. Just an eternity of agony, before the lights abruptly snapped off, and the assault ceased, mid-thrust.
"Relax, kiddies," Stark put some popcorn in Clint's mouth as he passed. "It doesn't matter if it's really him they're seeing, or Yoda, or the damn tooth fairy. We have the scepter. He doesn't. Good guys win, yay."
Aching, leg muscles trembling, Steve got to his feet, and hurried to search his surroundings. He found an adjoining bathroom, and took the most bladder-relieving piss of his life.
He was naked.
When he finally managed to roll over, he curled up into a fetal position, weak and nauseous and terrified beyond words. Stark was going to catch him. Stark was going to punish him. Stark had something even worse waiting up his sleeve. Stark always did.
Fair? Steve couldn't hold back a snort. What was Stark going to do? Punish him for it?
Stark fed him the whole bowl, and then disappeared behind him again.
It felt foolish to put himself into such a vulnerable position, but his limbs were still weak and trembling, and even if he tried to run now, he wouldn't get far before the shock collar brought him to his knees again.
Stark? Steve stopped struggling, as the man pulled off his sunglasses.
Day 24: Blindfolded
"I kid," the man said, after a beat, "I kid. You're all mine." He swiped it all out with his thumb, and this time the line of text was replaced with a single word, written in strange and angular runes.
From the cold, frozen darkness, Steve surfaced, briefly, to heat.
Steve would have drifted away, but Stark kept stroking him, on the shoulder, down the arm, and every gentle touch made him flinch and shudder anew.
Used to look up to him.
Unwillingly, Steve nodded, a short, sharp jerk of the head.
He knew he was supposed to be fighting the timer, holding out, but it only served to tell him how quickly he had given in. When the machine brought him to orgasm, it ground to a pause, giving him a chance to check the time, and then read it again in disbelief. Three minutes.
The pressure finally eased, and he gasped in air, choking and coughing, never letting go of his hands.
Steve's stomach dropped. Stark was going to make him
Stark calmly took a sip of his drink, eyes as cold as the cubes that continued to fall.
"There, see?" said Stark triumphantly. "Things are different, in this day and age. A guy with a shield isn't going to much good against drones and missiles. This is the best way you can serve your country now."
"Oh, I like that look on you," he smirked. "You don't even want me to take it out of you, do you? You want me to turn it back on. Even it means another round of this. Even if it keeps going for days."
Of course Jarvis chimed in immediately. "Master Stark has been quite busy attending to other matters. He'll be in to see you soon."
"You're not going to be able to get the drop on me," Stark said, conversationally. He grossly underestimated Steve's desperation.
"That's it, come for me, show me that's what you want. Show me how much you love being my toy."
Stark began to unbind Steve's hands, exposing his fists to the air for the first time in who knew how long. "Aww, you're bleeding," he cooed. "Dug your fingernails clean into your palm."
If he couldn't make it out on his own, then he'd do it with some help—willing or not.
Steve recalled how easily Loki had healed his injuries, and rubbed his own forearm, where the gash had left no trace.
Things that he was being very, very careful not to bump, or shift.
"Aren't you mortals always dreaming?" said Loki.
The collar, Steve thought. Like a visitor in his own body, observing it from the outside, he lifted his hand, and placed it into Stark's grip. "I thought you were going to do it..."
One time he followed the sound of the heater to a vent tucked behind the desk, and spent an afternoon trying to work it open, using his bare hands and a bar of soap that he'd lathered to suds, trying to loosen the edges. He didn't even have a plan for what he'd do once he got it open—it was too narrow to fit more than an arm—but it still frustrated him when it remained stubbornly fixed.
The so-called ice prince. The voice that had ridden in his head ever since he'd woken up from the frozen depths of the ocean. The voice that had put him to sleep in a bath of ice.
Steve hesitated. That was his sketching hand, his writing hand. What was Stark going to do to it?
He couldn't have said it out loud, because he was gagged—but then he realized he'd lost some time, and the gag was gone. He was freely drooling down his chin now.
(See the end of the chapter for
Being blind should have been a step up from being unconscious, but Steve still felt his breath quicken at having his sense of vision cut off, at not being able to see these two people in front of him, what what they intended to do with him.
Steve sobbed. Days. He knew he couldn't take that. But he was also so desperate for release.
Somehow for all that he had suffered, this violation was worse, that he didn't even know what had been done to him, while he was utterly helpless and unaware. He curled up with a whimper, sore body moving slowly, foreignly, like it wasn't used to obeying him anymore.
To Steve, the question was beyond comprehension. This, coming from the man who'd strapped him down and violated him, in unimaginable ways, at both ends. Hadn't that counted, in Stark's eyes?
Shakily, Steve began to crawl towards the arrow, his plugged ass sticking up into the air, for all to see. The arrow disappeared when he got close, and reappeared a few feet away. Humiliated, feeling the burning eyes of the entire room on him, Steve kept his head down, and moved his four limbs, one after another. He was desperate not to get shocked again, but he couldn't go quickly either—every movement jostled the plug in his ass, and his erection was bobbing prominently underneath him as he went, weeping a trail of precome beneath him.
"I love you," he offered his hand, palm out. When Tony first glanced at it, then somewhat hesitantly took it after looking between the offered hand and Steve's face, Steve smiled and carefully pulled him closer into an embrace. He kissed Tony's temple. "I do," Steve murmured into the side of his head. Tony nuzzled into his arms, and stayed there, hugging him back. "I'm prepared to walk out there and say the vows I've been planning to say just like this. Because I would mean all of them. In sickness. In health. For better or worse. Every single word!"
, and luckily their current problems presented a convenient diversion for his thoughts.
"Whoa," came a distant reaction from their friends. "Guys?"
Sweetly, "I knew you'd agree."
Looking at a screen made Tony nauseous enough to throw up the last time they'd tried it, so that was out. He couldn't read either. Steve frowned, and pressed his lips together, studying Tony's face with a deep, penetrating look as if he could
"Mmm." Steve didn't look away from whatever was so fascinating outside.
"My shield," Steve looked at him with a burning stare. They'd wrapped it up in a cloth and hidden it in a hole in the ground a few miles from the base, intending to pick it up on the way out. It felt wholly out of reach now.
"And what?" Tony turned his face away. "Someone has to wield it."
"People need saving, Cap," Tony reminded, with a shaky note in his voice, but made no other move. His breath came in short spasms, acutely obvious where their chests pressed against one another. Steve wasn't much better. He was so nervous he could hardly think straight, but somehow his voice came out okay when he asked, insistent:
Steve glanced over at him, then smiled. It transformed his entire face. "Hey," he said back in a voice that Tony was quickly beginning to identify as
Steve had the time to tack on, "And then we should go and help," before Tony pulled him into a kiss.
Steve waited until he caught Tony's tormented eyes. "I'm glad you told me. And I still want to get married."
"Hey, I have an inner life," Steve said with a tiny smile. "Maybe a military uniform?"
"You say you do, but the moment there is a crisis—"
"Press that red button there." He waved to the other side of the machine.
"'Course I'm staying." Steve's voice turned grumpy. He rubbed the back of his own neck in thought. "How about I read to you?" And he was off to scan the rows of books on the shelves by the far wall. Tony watched him, somehow taken aback and unsure why he was so.
could steal it—" Steve started when the silent moment drew too long.
The military had scrambled jets to patrol the sky above Camp Leigh, flying in precise formations, so Tony didn't linger there. That wouldn't last long, but he had a feeling the additional checks he saw on the ground would be around for a while. His thoughts came back to a way they could sneak back inside, but even if they hid in some sort of a delivery truck to get on the base, eventually they'd have to make it downstairs and pass human oversight. The idea of an image inducer, something they could wear to alter their appearance reared up again. He turned it over in the back of his mind as he rushed from place to place, checking on the situation, a separate part of his mind constantly back with Steve, wondering how he was doing. Outside, the weather had turned blustery. The constant headache from his likely-concussion had graduated to an omni-present low-level ache, and nothing but time and rest would rid him of it at that point. He'd been catching only a few hours of sleep per night for several weeks in a row, and damn if he wasn't feeling it. His limbs were heavy and all his ideas frenetic with exhaustion seeping through. But he couldn't stop yet.
Tony thought of all the promises they had made each other that he was about to break.
of Tony. He said, "We just had this conversation."
"You got shot in the chest. That sound okay to you?"
The plan, such as it was, worked to get them down to the lab levels of Camp Leigh bunker. New security and screening at the entrance to the base had no defense against the futuristic technology Tony had built to change their appearances. Even the shapes of their faces were different, Steve's nose was flatter and his chin more round, weaker. Looking nothing like himself, he sported mossy brown hair, and a dark mustache above the upper lip. His eyes were an unremarkable dull brown, and every time Tony looked into his face he startled, longing to see his regular features.
Steve chuckled and then groaned lightly when it jarred his wound. "Okay," he breathed out carefully through the nose. "Maybe you're right."
was eager to be released from the confinement of the room.
Tony wasn't going to start lying now. He carefully shut the running faucet. "My ring."
For all the time Tony had spent dwelling on the idea of sharing a hotel room with Steve that night, turning over what it would mean, why exactly it worried him, it didn't come to pass. The first thing he heard upon re-entering their hotel lobby was:
to confused. They said it might happen while you heal, but—"
, buddy. You wouldn't be you if you just" — he couldn't contain another yawn —"gave up, is all I'm saying."
Pepper looked at him, exasperated. "I promise you it won't be more than a half hour you have to watch her. Not even watch; just keep her company. You don't have to do anything, and you'd be doing me this huge favour." Wide and guileless blues again; he was such a sucker for them. "Natasha's usually spot on when I book her, but she had a family emergency. I gave her your number to call when she's coming up to take Fifi."
Steve had... He'd
It was the tinge of disappointment that did it.
"What is
"Tolkien?" Steve said with his face to the shelves, before turning to Tony in question.
Tony was distracted enough that Steve yanking him down behind the military truck took him by surprise and he yelped.
Tony let out a shuddering sigh. "Promise?"
"Oh, good. Then you know we'll have to postpone the wedding." Tony talked and walked back into the workshop, leaving the door open for Steve to enter.
Steve thought, if Tony was to be believed, maybe they had been.
Tony had told him to get a life plenty of times. He'd said it as a stinging insult during some of their earlier arguments — "You need a life, Rogers!" — and he'd said it seriously, once, after they'd had that conversation about retiring to a farm, to try to find the kind of peace Clint had found. Tony had looked at Steve and said, "Try living a little," and he'd smiled somewhat sadly, and never brought it up again as long as he lived.
He'd trusted Obie, maybe even more than he'd trusted his own father. Obie always had a kind word for him, an encouragement to keep applying himself. Max had got in the way of that, evidently, and Obie had his ways of solving problems.
"Look, just. Let me die," Tony groaned.
It was scary how quickly he began to depend on Steve, again, once he gave himself permission to trust him. Tony didn't know what to do with all the warmth welling in his chest just then, so he swept it aside to deal with later. He moved his shoulder, a half shrug, and even though Steve's serious gaze was still acting like a magnetic force on him, there was more space to breathe.
Still, Steve's grip on his wrist slackened, he looked down and swallowed, visibly steeling himself. "Okay. It's fine. Let's do it. I—"
He was half-way down the stairs to the ground floor when he saw Steve, moving stiffly and more carefully than Tony normally saw him walk, leaning on the wall with a hand. He looked drunk. Tony registered the curious look from the woman at the counter, and filed that away for later, unable to focus on it now. He knew this wasn't alcohol affecting Steve. Tony hurried to him and pulled Steve's arm across his own shoulders taking some of the weight.
. Or possibly:
Tony pushed down the flaring temper and tried to stay calm for Steve's sake. The other man was taking in the surroundings with the lethargic look of the convalescing.
"Jeez," the blond said, when Tony finally extracted himself and stepped away — though not too far away. He allowed the helpful hand on his elbow to linger and side-eyed pleasantly surprising arms connected to that hand, noting the outline of muscle even through a frankly forgettable blue coat. His eyes slid over to the man's chest.
"Bruce can help you better than I can."
"Is it really a truth serum?" Steve came closer. He took one of Tony's hands in his — Tony let him — and held it. It felt warm and normal to the touch, if a bit clammy. Tony looked awfully nervous, and something inside Steve eased slightly at the sight. Maybe it
Tony shooed Steve up the stairs before the conversation could turn any more detailed, as the Beatles crooned "Let It Be" from the small black radio behind the desk. They booked it up to the fourth floor — the climb made Tony woozy; Hulk little love tap had left his head throbbing — and Tony unlocked their room. It was a simple affair, two twin beds with a night table shoved in between them, flower curtains, kitschy wallpaper. Domestic.
." Steve turned to examine the machine. "So, hey, when do we pull the lever?"
"So... Amnesia?" Steve wanted that. That other world felt further away now, slipping out of his memories the way dreams did when you began to wake up. Tony being here with him felt right on a fundamental level. That gave him courage.
Tony's Plan A had been to fly to Camp Lehigh at night as Iron Man, and pick up both items they needed, but Steve made a solid argument against unidentified flying objects over U.S. military bases in the middle of a Cold War. Tony agreed that their plan had to include not starting a nuclear war as a basic premise, so now they were onto Plan B: stealth. They could do stealth, right?
, and there was nothing he could do here for Steve.
Tony stood on his knees and breathed, as the battle raged on around them. A second's hesitation meant another Avenger might fall under the onslaught of the alien army, and Tony would never have someone else die for him again. Yinsen had given his life to get him here and Tony hoped he would have been proud.
plan wouldn't have gotten you shot!"
Then he dropped the phone on the desk with a clatter. Fifi lifted her head from her paws and whined. She probably needed a walk. Tony dreaded the inevitable. He'd spent the last fifteen minutes alternatively doing deep breathing exercises to ward off the panicky thoughts and looking up other reputable dog sitters who could take over in case Natasha's hospital stay got extended.
The door shut on the clacker of her high heels, and then Tony was alone in his workshop
"You wouldn't?" Steve found himself asking, somehow surprised how real the words sounded when spoken out-loud, and not only in his head. He didn't dare move lest he break this spell. Tony shook his head and silently nuzzled his cheek, as if that was his answer. Steve shivered, and not from the cold.
Steve smiled. It relaxed his features, made him look, if not younger, then far more approachable. Comfortable in his skin. Tony loved that look on him. That was probably why he went and spoiled the moment, blurting out, after a big gulp of air, "When I was a kid, like nine or so, I used to dream about it. Stealing one of Dad's cars and just...driving off. Never coming back."
"I'm under the effects of the truth serum, you know," Steve murmured blissfully into his mouth, as they kissed some more and Tony's hands came up to sink into his hair. "Can't lie."
"But he failed." Steve's brow furrowed. His eyes darkened with the thought of everything they were choosing to ignore in this timeline. This time's Barnes would stay in captivity. Tony's parents here would meet their fate one day.
Steve's blink back at him was sleepy-slow. He looked like he was a breath away from shutting his eyes and drifting off, and as Tony watched he blinked again in the same heavy-lidded fashion as he tried to keep his eyes open. Perhaps he was tired from talking; Tony could pick up the slack on that front.
"I lost the vials," Steve repeated, the strain in his voice a tell-tale sign that he was at his limit.
Tony stared at him, damp-eyed, before moving over a bit to give Steve space to get in. Kicking off his shoes, Steve drew back the covers, and slid underneath them right next to Tony. Steve put one arm out in invitation. After a moment of doubt, Tony scooted right back up next to him, and curled up under his arm, laying his head on Steve's broad chest. Steve held him close with the arm around him; his other hand held the open book in front of him. The quicksand of helplessness receded, like fog under the warmth of sunny rays. The two of them were cocooned under the covers, the world outside the bed seemingly irrelevant, insubstantial. What was true was Steve's strong arm around him, solid and sure; that was real. Steve started to read, his low, calm voice washing over Tony. His chest rose and fell, carrying Tony with him.
Letting out a shuddering breath of relief that surged up inside him, Steve waited for Tony to wade closer through the tunnel that was only at most two-thirds of his height. It forced Tony to hunch down while he moved along, until he crouched in front of the thick grate that separated the two of them.
"You're going to show up to Camp Leigh dressed in a shiny polyester print," Tony cautioned cheerfully.
Tony talked fast. "Audition, you know how it is. One of those shows that's coming out: all about the life of Captain America." Guileless was his face. Beside him, he could sense Steve's expression freeze into a polite mask.
Pepper bent to kiss the dog's forehead, inducing Tony into the biggest eye-roll from all the way back behind his work table. She turned to leave, fingers rubbing the forehead spot on Fifi's head. "Be good."
"The wedding is on track until you hear otherwise," Steve told him firmly before he hung up. His voice came out a lot steadier than he felt on the inside, but he tried not to give in to doubts. They could work this out.
Steve stared in silence for another moment, then his lips curved in a smile that felt...sweet. Endearingly, almost embarrassingly so. Heat came to Tony's cheeks, and he patted Steve's shoulder once, before letting go. His own reaction baffled him. He was thinking how nice Steve looked when he smiled, again. He thought that a lot. It wasn't as if Tony was unaware of the pull of attraction that lingered, ever-present, between them, but this was less that, and more a sense of belonging, come rushing back. As if Steve's troubles were his own again. As if, when he could make Steve smile, lighten the load a bit, then Tony's own heart felt less heavy and beat a little more easily.
"Yeah, Tony. You lived here with Pepper."
Stomach sinking with the sudden realization he might have traded Steve's sanity for his safety, Tony set his gadget aside, and went to look out the window. It had gotten dark; the parking lot outside of their second story room was barely lit up by street lamps, and every lurking shadow from the willowy trees lining the property seemed suddenly a threat. He'd been so engrossed in his engineering that he lost track of time. His heartbeat began to pick up even more. If something happened to Steve, it would be unforgivable.
"FRIDAY, could you ask Tony for me, if he'd like to see me?" Steve said.
The torrential dark water came up to Steve's chest before the thought occurred to him that he might not make it.
He flew on ahead, towards the Mad Titan. Things were happening faster than he could process now. With a part of his brain, he was still thinking about Morgan, about being a dad and about putting her to bed every night, and what kind of a world he would leave her. He was thinking about how unfair it was he'd never see her smile again. He was happy, dammit, he had a life, a family, a future. He could have Steve.
"I don't want to go back to sleep," Steve murmured, rubbing his cheek against the silky soft pillow. His eyes felt heavy, weighted down, but he fought it. "I don't want to wake up and find out this was all a dream."
"Damnit," Tony muttered, hesitating. He didn't want to leave the shield behind either, but from the look in Steve's eyes, the thought hurt him.
“You doing okay?” she asks.
"Come on, food is out," Da said.
“I know we’re behind a few days,” he says to the woman, “but can we hurry up. I gotta get this little guy to Mrs. Sellers class.”
“Lead the way, Dr. Craven,” Tony says.
"Had to get him here somehow, Strange," she replies.
“Nope, not until he begs for mercy…in bed.”
8:00 a.m. wake up and realize Tony’s not there.
He opens his mouth—
Peter jumps after getting it right and dances, like Tony.
Happy closed the door, grinning from ear to ear.
“Puny Parker! Puny Parker! Puny Parker…”
“I am afraid ye must speak for me to be of assistance.”
So, a few weeks after the party and the doctor visit, Tony and Steve have yet to realize their error.
"He's a police officer!" Peter said excited.
"When my great-grandfather came and took Bestla's immortality, it gave giants another way out. My hammer Mjolnir is one of a set." Thor pulls the heavy thing from his belt. It is an impressive weapon with intricate filigree decoration. "The other was Storm Breaker, which he left for the giants as a parting gift and negotiation of sorts  for Bestla's hand. However, it was not well-received at the time."
Steve jolted out of bed and took his shield and next Tony awoke groggily.
JARVIS, in his Pooh form, speaks with Peter about the issue.
Nothing is said, but after the first few months, they do not mention Peter to anyone, which is hard when that includes spies, a Norse God, a guy with wings, a Hulk who
Volstagg and his wife hum.
Tony was a bit under until it dawned on him; Steve with shield in hand brought a light of panic in Tony’s eyes.
Steve follows wondering how such a delicate woman grasps him hard and the knife feels thin enough to slice his spine. He is corralled to the last tent. It is dark inside with one candle flaring. There is a small round table and sitting at the chair is a man in a scarlet cape with a crystal eye on the table's center.
He wants a response, but Steve is frozen in his mind.
“Where the fucks Tony?” he grits out.
Wilson finds himself sitting next to Rhodes with Peter next to the lieutenant. His person was chosen by Peter, who is grinning with a missing tooth.
Peter is quiet for the rest of the walk. They reach the dean’s office. A woman greets them and tells them to sit in the bench. She tries to hand Daddy something. Peter holds out his small hands.
“Then let me kill him,” Tony demands.
“Steve,” Tony sobs. “I-I…I have nightmares. Every day. I’m awake and I see Peter being taken. Loki, Fury, AIM, someone else. Just a pervert who likes little boys. I see them and I can’t stop them.”
Darcy was playing with Peter and another little boy around his age.
That brightens Wong’s face. He smiles genuinely. Stephen smiles back.
It opened (thanks to JARVIS) and showed the date and time of the wedding with the R.S.V.P highlighted in yellow. He slumped down on the cool floor. Tony wrung his head back and screamed.
Peter sniffs and gets down. He holds his right hand out and makes a sign with it. It takes Volstagg a minute to understand. Peter is writing in the air.
Anger boils in Tony’s stomach. He grinds his teeth for a second, stops, and tucks Peter in bed.
Steve leans in closer. He swallows his own lump.
Steve follows the order and carefully deposits his son on the bed. Peter does not stir. Tony goes to taking off the boy’s shoes.
“Pep, look at all the people who care for him.  Even Sam, who hates kids, likes Peter. He’s just a little nervous. That Natalie girl loves him and the Barton guy too. Dr. Banner’s smiles are less strained since Peter’s joined this group, and now don’t tell me Peter hasn’t wormed his way into our hearts. Hell, Coulson loves him, not just because he’s Captain America’s son.”
“-hic-my parents are gone, -hic-but Aunt May and Uncle Ben took care of me. Until Uncle Ben died-hic-Aunt May was really unhappy. I miss-hic- them, but my dads are good. I don’t ever feel scared around –hic-them or Uncle Bruce, even though he pokes me with needles,” Peter hiccups. “Sorry.”
“—to some fucking public run-down building. He’ll be bullied—”
“Hm. Nat too, when she’s available. You and Pepper doing okay.”
Bucky sighed and rubbed the hand in his flesh one.
“Peter’s coming down soon,” Sam drops.
“Do not fear, young one. Am I Volstagg, the Bear of Asgard, and one of the Warriors Three, protégé of the Mighty Thor. And you, young child?”
Steve’s running out. He punched Bucky in the face. He’s running the track he used to with Sam. The bright dusk shines in his face. Steve runs from it. He runs and gets hit by a car. He gets up and keeps going. Steve runs.
Tony’s hand loosened. He waited.
“Mr. Stark-Rogers,” Strange begins. “I am neither a con man nor an agent of SHIELD. I also have no real affiliations with government or ulterior organizations. Simply, I am a man with talents that have ensured the safety of this world and others.” He pauses. “I also have a doctorate in neurosurgery from Sinai and am still licensed.”
“Are you JARVIS’ sister?”
“How’s he doing?”
They strutted out of OSCORP, Peter looking up and skipping to the car where Happy had the door open.
“Ow. Hello Peter, what’re you up to?” Bruce asks.
“So, wanna join?” Steve sasy and holds out his hand.
He can see how this looks and gives his son points for bravery.
“Who else? Rhodes?”
“Shh,” said Steve as he approached his husband.
“Peter’s exhibited signs of depression for a child his age. Loss of appetite and interests. He spends most of his time doing homework weeks in advance. He’s top of his class academically. Socially he is at the bottom. Romanov and Barton have been able to stave off the worst of it, however Peter asks for you daily. Furthermore, Peter’s being bullied for having same-sex parents,” Coulson finishes.
Bucky nods.
Stephen leans down to the boy and smiles. Peter has a quietness to him most children do not possess. He brushes the boy’s hair out of his face. Peter glances to his fathers and waves small.
“Please tell me of what you know of Peter’s condition,” Strange says.
have told us he was coming. We’re gonna let them get reacquainted while you and I go for late night burgers,” Tony finishes and starts down the hall to the garage, where his car keys are and he can leave immediately. He also has a wad of cash hidden in each car, so Steve believes his loved ones will find a hotel for the rest of the night as he takes care of their guest.
“Stop there. I get I’m not father of the year. Not even in the running, but I know what’s really at stake here. Agent made some….revelations I’m ashamed I did not find out before. First things first, eat, and then figure out what to do. It goes without saying Peter won’t be returning to school,” Tony says.
Fandral saw Volstagg trumping up the stairs and paused in wait for his friend.
Before Tony leaves the darkness of the room, he asks one final question: “Has….has Steve called?”
“They’re so you won’t be alone,” Peter says.
Steve looks at him and smiles back.
“Not now, Pete,” Tony says exhausted.
“Stop! Don’t touch me again. You can have the murderer. But I’d rather die than let you or him!” Tony points to Barnes who stares unblinking. “Near my son.”
Peter laid there as the lights went off and his dad curled next to him. Sleep came.
"How come?" Peter asked, scooting over for the girl to sit down.
“By Odin, Hildy, you’re right.”
“Where’ve you been? Sam said you and Barnes had some shit to hash out. Don’t worry, Peter’s in the other room.”
The house moves, Steve can tell it. Things change their position subtly and the doors appear from one point to another. He even sees one reverse the knob.
“No, Tony,” Steve reaches out.
"Back to us. Over a  century later, most of the giants have left. The Elders turned to the new stone and I am left alone. Storm Breaker stayed at its post upon the lowest peak, and my fear of mortality as well. And then, one day this bumbling idiot waltzes into my cave," Loki says with such fondness.
“Start spilling,” Bruce says, glaring at Steve.
Natasha nodded.
A table to the side of the others was placed for presents. Steve had insisted they let the guests take care of the gifts because they had gotten Peter so much in the few months, including the ones already in the room, and it seemed they were spoiling him. Tony placed the small package next to a rectangular box and a large gift bag.
