Steve grabs one side of his hips and jerks Tony back against him making Tony cry out when Steve's cock is shoved into him.  It feels incredibly huge and it surprises Tony that it hurts so much even after Steve took some time to get Tony' ass open and wet for him.  Steve is huge...and with each hard thrust he gets deeper.  Tony can barely breath.
When Steve starts to come, Tony clenches tightly around the cock inside him.  He never wants this to end.
-----
As a last ditch effort (or really - since he was still unsuccessful three weeks later and Pepper took pity on him) Steve tried an entirely different approach.  Pepper said he would get results if he just spent more time with other people.
He's heard rumors that married sex is awesome.
Natasha threatened to kill him if he didn't stop bothering her.  Although she did come back to apologize later, which was pretty surprising, she told him she was going on vacation and promptly disappeared for a few weeks with Clint.
For all that he wanted to get Steve to stop being polite and start being aggressive (or at least shout 'shut up' just once), he doesn't seem to be succeeding.  He has been able to get Steve to hang around him a little more.  It's only an extra five or ten minutes here and there...he'd count it as the start of an upward trend except it doesn't make him feel better.  The extra few minutes just remind him of all the time Steve isn't there.
Steve grabs Tony's thighs again and pulls them further apart, then run up the backs of them to pull apart Tony's cheeks.  Steve leans closer to him and starts to lap at his asshole.  He can feel the tongue brushing and gliding over his hole.  The sounds he hears are almost obscenely loud.  He can't help himself, he pushes back to feel more, have more, have Steve inside of him.
Tony stays still for a few moments, gathering his thoughts (and trying not to freak out about the...well...it must be some sort of animal knot in his ass).  Steve's non-stop whispers of apology are slowly abating but the grip around Tony's waist hasn't let up.  The stretching has stopped so at least that's something...but they're stuck together.  And while Tony doesn't actually mind having Steve this close, this long...well, he'd really like to know how long it's going to last.
He hears Steve gasp and start to whisper before he feels it.  His ass is being stretched, not by fingers or a wayward tongue but by a cock.  A cock that's been inside him for quite awhile.  Stretching that should not be happening this late in the game.
Steve hauls (well gently pulls but Tony's starting to get tired and grumpy) him firmly against Steve's chest and maneuvers them around until they're on their sides.  Steve kisses the back of his neck and  sniffs at his hair.
-----
God he hopes that's sweat.
Ever since they met Tony has tried his best to get an less than polite reaction out of Steve.  It was always "Yes Ma'am," "No, Sir," "Please," "Thank you," and the worst one of all, "Mr. Stark."  No matter how many times or ways he said, "Call me Tony," the response was a myriad of polite ways to say "No."
Oh.  "Oh."
-----
"I'm a little...I don't know how to explain it.  Don't tell Pepper this but I feel like such a girl.  There are all these emotions running through me right now.  Part of me feels horrible for this thing and how I hurt you...but..."
He manages a quick, "In the drawer" before he comes clenching madly around Steve's two fingers.  Humping the air in front of him and pressing back against the fingers inside of him.
Steve's body was flush against his own.  He can hear the moans he's making.  God.  Tony's pretty sure he's going to come in his pants if he doesn't do something quickly.
Come to think of it, Thor hasn't been around that much lately.  He kinda misses their flirting sessions - especially the ones that make Jane laugh so hard she's rolling on the floor.  On the other hand Steve has been in a better mood since it stopped.
He's going to lose himself in some good alcohol and a warm body...maybe even a few warm bodies.
"..Well...another part of me can't wait to do it over and over again.  Tony, it's like I was a different person before this.  I was a little obsessed with you and I wanted to be with you, but now I...all I can say is that you're mine.  Even if I have to stalk you and Iron Man for the rest of our lives."
Tony had to think about that a moment.  He felt really good, and fuller than ever.  Steve's hips kept slowly grinding against Tony's body, and Tony could swear he felt every spurt of come.  His cock kept trying to get hard but the rest of his body kept saying not on your life.  In a way it was ruining his so called sex life since there was no way Tony was ever going to give this up.  But even then he knew that it wouldn't be too much longer before it felt like Steve was crushing him, before the wet spot became annoying.
He's about to pull away and yell at Steve when he understands the soft stream of words Steve has been babbling.
Everything turns a little grey when he grinds down against Tony.
"...cantstopsorrysosorrydontknowwhatshappeningdontwanttohurtyoupleaseimsosorrytonygodtonycantmakeitstopiloveyouicanthelpitimsosorrytonysosorrycantstopthis..."
Oops.  "How's everything going back there Cap?"
One moment he was telling Steve about his plans to go out and have a little fun (which was difficult with Steve basically stalking him and herding him into a corner) the next he was on his back with Steve's mouth fused to his.
He wasn't sure if Pepperpot was actually trying to be helpful or if she was trying to get him to do something even more embarrassing but Tony decided that he would give it a shot.
“Yes, I do. Now suit up. We’ll brief you on the helicopter.” Fury empties his water glass and sets it down, turning on his heel in a swirl of black.
Steve isn’t sure if that’s true, and he’s torn between annoyed and impressed that he knows it’s entirely possible. It’s not Tony’s eagerness to show off that annoys him, it’s the flippancy with which safety measures of this operation are being so casually disregarded that’s riling him up. He holds his expression firm. “What else did you bring.”
“Nonsense,” Tony grins. Who could say no to those sad puppy eyes? “I’d like the company. Here, I‘ll show you what I’m making.” He can’t hold himself together all of a sudden, brimming with the crackling desire to show Steve all his projects. The awe and interest in the soldier’s eyes is intoxicating, and it makes him feel... magnificent. If there’s another word for it, his genius brain can’t find it.
“Sorry,” Steve murmurs and lets go. He turns around, setting the pace.
“You want me and Big Blue running an op together,” the engineer can hardly believe it. Surely Fury isn’t this dumb. Or maybe he wants to get rid of both of them at once, because surely this can only end in disaster.
“You’re spacing out, big guy,” Tony turns around and walks backward, waving a hand in his face. “Wakey wakey.”
“Late enough that we need to get going.” Steve knows he could have roused Tony a lot earlier, but he also knows the older man needs more rest than he does. But they really do
Oh, god.
But the inventor recovers fast, and brushes it off. “Look, if we do end up in a firefight, wouldn’t you rather have some protection? You don’t have your shield, but you’re clearly here to be mine. Hate to break it to ya Spangles, but Fury only wants you for your body. Or, SHIELD does at least.” He puts up his hands.
To his surprise, some of the tension has bled away. It’s kind of miraculous, and Steve can’t fathom how it happened. Even the serum can’t help him piece that one together, why Tony’s blunt accusations have made him feel relaxed.
They walk all the way to the end of the hallway, and by that time Steve’s stable enough to limp along without any support. Tony still stays close, their shoulders pressed together as they make their way all the way back to the room. Steve’s a bit pale and sweaty, but he looks too happy to care.
“We have no idea how much firepower they have,” Fury disagrees before a deeply-frowning Steve can protest. “There’s a good chance they have nukes stored at the facility. We need to take this down more discretely, sneak in and shut down their operations.”
Two hours pass in a wink. He’s spinning a new gauntlet model in the air when he hears the doors open. Steve’s there, dressed in jeans and socks instead of his sweats. His hair is still damp from a shower, sticking up at odd angles. He’s leaning on the railing, his body still too stiff to move with its usual fluidity. He’s got a paper bag in his free hand.
the Captain is heavy. There’s no chance at a friendship now, no chance of getting another one of those miraculous hugs. He’s fucked that right up. How could Steve look at him after this?
“Make it three,” Tony pushes past her the second they reach the room. He doesn’t stop to run it by Nick, or give any reasoning. He just pushes open the door, and shuts it behind him.
to be moved. If Tony is careful... He’ll just have to hope that Captain America is tough enough to withstand a little jostling.
Tony would really rather Fury not pay him a visit, in his own home. “You’ve got yourself a date Prince Charming. Where’s the venue?”
Steve angles his shoulders, and Iron Man does the rest, carving him a perfect pathway to his friend as the Jericho gains.
“Tony. What did you bring.” He uses his Captain’s voice, and it’s very effective. Always has been, since the moment he realized he had it. It’s worked on generals, Nazis, friends, and it’ll work on one flippant genius billionaire.
The HYDRA agent is already moving, and both shots miss. His sweeping leg goes straight for Iron Man’s ankle. JARVIS reacts for him, thrusting Steve into the air by his boots. The soldier flies up and over his attacker’s head, in a sort of powered front-flip. With the suit’s help, he turns in the air and lands to face his opponent. Kneeled, Steve raises his hand to fire another shot. The large man manages to anticipate it, diving to the side and thrusting his foot up into Iron Man’s face. The heel strikes his chin, and Steve cries out as his head is smacked backwards. The guard smirks, not a hint of humanity in his eyes.
So Tony does what he always does when he starts to slide: he works on the suit. If he can’t fix himself, he can at least make himself a perfect shell.
“Up and at’um soldier,” Tony coaxes. He’s got to move Steve somehow, but there’s no way he can carry the much larger man. Maybe if Iron Man weren’t so scattered... He moves his hand, summoning the suit to him. A piece of gauntlet wobbles out of some bushes and rattles toward him, but that’s it.
Tony is wrong: Steve
Luck favors them: Steve
The sun rises, and Steve stands up. He folds up his blanket and makes sure all his weapons are holstered. Guns and knives aren’t really his style, or his preference, but there was no chance of bringing his shield, and he needs to be armed in some way.
“Come on, Cap, wake up,” Tony urges, endlessly thankful that the other man is actually breathing. There’s no obvious sign of injury, no jutting bones or gushing blood.
People with head injuries shouldn’t be left alone, but Tony has to leave Steve. The man is breathing fine, he reasons. It’s safe. He runs, sprinting the short distance to their camp. He fumbles with their supplies, packing it into the two bags as fast as he can. The wind picks up, and he has to pause to get his waterproof coveralls over him. That’s much better. Tony puts his head down and stuffs the last fold of tarp into the backpack. Then he picks up both and starts to lug them back toward the cave.
He tells Steve about how he invented an element. He explains the design of the reactor, how it all works to make its own power. And Steve stares at the hologram like it’s the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen. “Is it warm?” he asks.
“Means I can do this, then,” Steve grabs the inventor by the arm and pulls him down, kissing his lips.
Steve sighs. “Yeah.” He can’t deny that. But this is all he can do to hold himself together, the only thing he has. Getting up and working for SHIELD is all he can do, and they expect Captain America, the straight-laced soldier, the man with a plan. Sure, he’s broken Fury’s rules; Steve’s by no-means a goody-two-shoes. Anything but. He’ll do what he thinks is right before what’s allowed. Always has. Maybe Tony doesn’t know he’s forged medical records and disobeyed orders by his superiors plenty of times. That was back in the war though, seventy years ago. The world feels so grey now, despite the constant bombardment of color and light from all directions. His eyes can see all of it now too, with more detail than any other human on Earth. But Brooklyn in the nineteen-thirties was still brighter and warmer to him, full of richer hues despite his eyes being so colorblind.
Tony is already on his feet, striding right for the door. He has no more words for the director. Besides, he’s got some promises to keep. The woman glances back into the room as Tony approaches, but she leads the inventor off anyway. Fury follows, and Tony ignores him. “How is he?” Steve’s all that matters.
Steve doesn’t budge, business as usual. He seems very guarded, more-so even than when they’d first met. The scepter had inseminated all of them with a certain amount of hostility, helping them judge and jump to conclusions and ultimately make a Hell of a mess (correction:
Sorry doesn’t fix a damn thing.
Iron Man can’t be left out in the forest. It’s one huge beacon pointing to their location. Once again, he leaves Steve on his own, and pushes into the rain. If he has Iron Man, he has JARVIS, and can contact SHIELD. Without those turrets, he’d have already used the beacon. But if he can call and let Fury know about those weapons, they can send the helicopter safely to this side of the island without coming anywhere near the turrets’ range. They can get Steve out of here and checked out.
“I didn’t do it for that,” Tony retorts. “I didn’t do it to pay you back. I...” His mouth is very dry. In the corner, JARVIS turns on his record player and drops the needle. Quiet music fills the shop, and the lights dim.
Steve stares up at him blearily. “Tony.” He gives a loopy grin.
Steve.
Steve smiles. The collar rounds out his jaw, and he looks even more like that soft young man from the photo in the apartment.
Steve doesn’t answer, casting the inventor a glance before going right back to staring at the hatch. He knows he should make an effort to at least be amicable, but he has no clue where to start. It’s barely been hours since the mission kicked off, and he’s already struggling.
Tony’s turned on the little lamp and hung it from a branch. He sits down too, staring at his boots.
Steve to be his friend. Fat chance of that now.
“Captain, I must insist-” JARVIS chiming in over top.
Tony can hope.
“So the hacking thing was a ploy, then,” Tony accuses.
“Sans yours and mine, enough to protect the jets,” the engineer does a quick tally.
Steve shrugs. “What’s wrong with it?”
Cautiously, he sets Steve down, cradling his head and slipping his vest underneath. Tony takes off his own and adds it, knowing that it’ll be better than hard rock. Then he turns to inspect the cave, lifting his shirt with a shaking hand. The shadows are dimly cast in blue as he exposes the only light he has on his person – his arc reactor – around the cavern. To his relief, it’s uninhabited. Water drips near the back, but otherwise it’s dry and sheltered. There’s a draft near one side, but the space as a whole will be warmer than outside when the rain comes.
“And sending Tony Stark himself isn’t shiny and obvious?” he leans back in his chair.
“Sir, Director Fury is calling,” JARVIS pipes up, unapologetic as ever.
“I’m sorry,” he says quietly. “Tony... you’re right. I’m sorry-”
“Long as you like,” Tony stands up. “Hang tight, cupcake. Be right back.” The world feels brighter and warmer. Maybe tonight he can ignore his projects and actually get a healthy amount of sleep.
There he is, with his floppy hair and his boyish smile. Physically, he hasn’t aged a day, but his eyes tell the story of decades’ worth of suffering. He’s lost everything so suddenly, and is struggling to fill in the gaps left over. Tony sets down the picture. It makes a lot more sense now why Steve has been so brisk with him in the past. And Tony’s probably not been too sensitive either.
find a cave, and it’s on their level, no climbing needed to reach it. There are some thick bushes obscuring it, and the entrance is narrow, but he can squeeze his shoulders through. He turns once he’s inside, and Tony is frozen in place, a distant look in his eyes as he stares with horror at the entrance.
Feedback is always appreciated <3
“So you aren’t going to sleep at all. For... how many days do you think we’ll be here? Two? Three?”
It’s a nice evening, he has to say. The air is cool but refreshing. It’s quiet, far away from the city and civilization in general. Steve tries not to get lost in how relieving this is for his sensitive ears. There are no cars beeping, no grumbling engines, no thick street chatter. Just a few birds and the rustle of leaves. He can taste the ocean, crisp and fresh on his tongue. It’s rained recently, he can taste that too, and it cleanses his sinuses of city smog.
He’s big, but he’s still just a normal human as far as Steve can tell. He’s squaring off against Iron Man, undaunted and reaching for his gun. Typical HYDRA commitment.
It actually works. He straightens and laughs, in slightly better spirits. “Should I bring flowers?”
“It’d be great if you could get up now,” Tony murmurs. He run his hands down Steve’s legs, and to his relief nothing feels out of place. The image of Steve zipped up in that ridiculously painted, ridiculously
He’s broken Captain America.
“Yes,” Fury replies firmly. “Sometimes risk and sacrifice are necessary. In the end, I knew the two of you would get the job done. You wanted another chance at redemption, Stark? I gave you one. You may have been fooling the world, but you can’t fool me.”
“Yeah, you do lose a lot of water through your head,” Tony tucks his hands in his pockets, finally affording the Captain a glance. “’sup Spangles.”
Then, the night is still. A few minutes later, Tony is breathing deeply, snoring a little. Steve sighs and releases the tension in his shoulders, wrapping the blanket around himself. He gets comfortable, but not too much so, and finds that place inside him the serum allows him to reach, where his body can remain completely still and his senses are locked on the environment. He’ll sit here until sunrise, and nothing will escape his eyes or his ears. They’ll be safe.
company. I won’t mother hen you, I promise. Well, I might just a little bit, because I still feel kinda bad-”
“That’s why you’re going with him,” Fury gestures to Steve with his thumb, and Tony has to say the Captain doesn’t look pleased about this either.
“By my estimate, Captain, there are still at least fifty employees inside the warehouse,” the AI relays. “By the data you and Mr. Stark collected I assume many are stock and factory workers. It would appear there are about a hundred and twenty guards on the premises, all with varying levels of training in armed and hand-to-hand combat. Their skills level compared to the SHIELD agents does appear to be similar, if not slightly superior.”
“There it is,” the inventor boasts, looking terribly pleased with himself. “Knew I could do it.”
“Okay, sit up,” Tony lowers the bed and pats the mattress, picking up the bag of clothes SHIELD left for the soldier. It’s a pair of sweats with the SHIELD eagle on them, a plain white shirt, a grey hoodie, and some sandals. Good god. “This isn’t what you normally wear, is it?”
Together, Steve and JARVIS right and suit and stand over the body for a moment while the soldier catches his breath. He flexes his hand and winces. “Good work, J, thanks.”
“Or Romanoff, or any number of my agents,” Fury agrees calmly. “But I didn’t send them. I sent you.”
a little warm, soaking into the metal casing, and into his chest. “Does it hurt?” Steve asks quietly.
“SHIELD has intel that someone is building weapons on a remote island, and selling them on the black market,” Steve jumps to the point, which Tony appreciates. “We’ve been tracking down buyers and working our way back to the dealers.”
Tony drags. He pulls Steve’s body through the trees, and to his surprise, he spots their camp almost right away. Somehow, they haven’t landed far from it. Which means the cave is nearby.
“I’m surprised you showed,” Fury is already there, a drink in his hand, leaning on the bar. Beside him, dressed in his blue stealth uniform, hands clasping his belt and his expression just as serious as always, is Steve Rogers.
“Then stop joking around and disregarding rules!” Steve exclaims. “Fury told you to leave your tech behind for a
“Wait,” Steve looks over at the pilot’s seat. He lifts a hand to block the EMT as she tries to dab some blood off his face and strap a brace around his neck. The other is wrapping a blanket around his legs and preparing to strap him in.
Thank you all for your engagement and feedback! I always enjoy reading what you think :)
They end up sprawled on the couch. Tony helps Steve lie flatter, pushing the throw pillows under him and leaning over his face. Finally, he finds his voice, but he can’t think of anything meaningful to say. “Wow, you are one terrible kisser, Rogers.”
“Tony,
“I’ll have to get my stuff from the apartment.”
Someone shouts. Steve turns as fast as JARVIS can move his legs. Out from the back door of the facility walks a man easily as tall as Steve, and surely broader. He’s lifting a SHIELD agent over his head and throwing him. JARVIS doesn’t need to be told: he helps the Captain fly over as fast as he can. Steve yanks his shoulders up, and the suit brings his hips upward. The heels of his boots smash into the enemy soldier’s chest. Steve lands on his feet with a light thud.
“Those are the orders,” Steve tightens his stance on the issue. “And it won’t come to that.”
“Sir, Captain Rogers is out of surgery,” a woman pokes her head through the door. “We’re just moving him to a room.”
Well my friends, thank you for enjoying this little adventure with me! I have many other projects on the go, but I am always open for feedback and suggestions! If you've got ideas and things you want to see, I always keep a list.
“Yeah, sure,” Tony takes a bite and chews.
“It’s not a party,” Steve growls, and this time he really can’t help it. “We’re not here to have fun.”
“Been a while,” Steve admits bashfully, wiping his mouth on his hand.
Perhaps it’s time to start fresh. Tony leave the garbage bag and pulls up his holographic interface. Without hesitation, he scraps his designs for the automatic assembly and starts fresh.
Tony rolls his eyes and tucks the item away again, waving his hand dismissively. “If ol’ eye-patch expects me to break into a high-level security system with a handful of screwdrivers, he’s out of his mind. Which I could do, by the way, don’t get me wrong. I almost want to, just to prove it to him, but JARVIS could do it far more gracefully. That’s what you guys want, right? In an out without a trace? J’s pretty sneaky. Won’t take him long to smooth-talk his way through any shit those monkeys programmed.”
“It’ll go to waste,” he argues.
“I omitted some details I felt you didn’t need to know,” Fury agrees. “But if I’d told Steve he needs to relax, he wouldn’t have listened. And if I’d told you that spending some time with the Captain would help you find someone to talk to, you’d have refused, too. You’re not alone, Tony. Neither is Steve. The two of you could stand to rub off on each other.”
“Hey,” Tony gets up to help him, guiding him over to the couch. His heart is hammering in his chest.
“It’s too dangerous to send you two in with your usual uniforms,” Fury is explaining. “We’ll get both of you something stealthier.”
“I’m so sorry...” he’ll say it as many times as he has to. “Steve, I’m so sorry...”
“JARVIS! Just do it!” He interrupts them all. Tony told the AI to obey his orders. Steve struggles to pull his shoulders off the floor with arm strength alone. The weight is nothing, but it’s painful as he climbs his damages body up the bench along the side. The EMTs are dashing around to stop him. They’re too late. Steve’s already dragged open the door and it throwing himself into open sky. He more tumbles out than lunges, but he manages to turn so he’s falling face-down, arms spread.
“Stark.” Why does Fury always sound so accusing? And angry?
Both men are asleep. JARVIS works as quietly as he can, taking control of the silver suit in the case. He walks the metal body over to the sofa while DUM-E grabs a corner of the blanket across Steve in his claw. The robot draws it back, and Iron Man gets to one knee. He scoops Mr. Stark’s slumbering body off the floor and deposits him across Steve’s broad chest.
terrible,” Tony chuckles. “But you could use some practice.” He leans his elbows on the sofa cushions and rests against it.
Tony swallows and doesn’t answer for a minute or two. His expression makes Steve wonder if maybe the inventor has forgotten how well the soldier can see in this low light. He can see just how much dread has crossed his companion’s face.
Steve won’t be able to rest until this is over. To his relief, JARVIS doesn’t argue as they fly up over the complex for a better vantage point. Indeed, the fight is vastly swung in their favor. Tony’s extra suits are protecting the SHIELD jets, and the SHIELD agents are defeating HYDRA soldiers one by one.. JARVIS is looking after the group in the complex, seeking out enemies with equipped scanners.
“I can have a look around first,” Steve offers. It
to get moving now. “Suit up.”
“Not your fault.” the inventor raises a hand and cuts him off. “Well, some of the fault’s yours, yeah. But some of it’s not. The world moved on without you. It changed and became something new. And from what I know, which isn’t everything, but it is a lot, you never got the chance to change too. You’re not the man you were, but the world wants you to be. So you’re trying, but you can’t, because that Steve can’t survive in this world, but it’s all you feel you’re allowed to be.”
To his surprise, there’s a gun in here, and extra magazines. Tony hesitantly pulls the weapon from the bag and straps it to his waist. It’s reassuring to know SHIELD doesn’t expect him to go unarmed (though he suspects ‘arming’ him is meant to mostly mean pairing him with Steve), but he hopes this mission doesn’t end in a firefight.
“With a few days’ rest he’ll be good as new,” the woman smiles at him over her shoulder. “The surgeons fixed his back without any complications. He might have some trouble walking for a little while, but nothing should be permanent. The serum is already well on its way to healing him.”
The stone beneath his final step wobbles, and Tony loses his balance. Steve’s fast, whipping out his arm and catching the inventor by the front of his vest before he can fall. It wouldn’t have been far, but with all those rocks he’d have surely broken something. It was a close call. Steve’s hauling Tony up the rest of the way and setting him safely on his feet on flat dirt. They both stare at each other for a moment, Tony a little flushed and caught off guard. Steve’s not sure if it’s because he’s been man-handled, or because he nearly fell.
Steve agrees gratefully, and Tony takes his leave.
It’s a monster of a weapon. There’s no way men on the ground can defend against it. Tony’s a better pilot than Steve, but the soldier still feels a pang of worry at that announcement. They could use more men in the air. The jets just don’t have the maneuverability and speed that Iron Man does.
Everything he touches turns to ash. Now Steve’s suffering for it, the next victim of the Stark curse. Tony
They do, finally, striding right past and leading the way up to a meeting room. Tony leaves the armor in the corner, Steve sets his shield against the opposite wall. Everyone gathers around the table, the two Avengers, plus Fury and a handful of SHIELD operatives, and the brief begins.
Soooo I'm not perfectly satisfied with this chapter. But it's been sitting in my drive for so long, that I just, I need to get it out there, instead of writing further chapters of this story and wait until this one is absolutely perfect. I might rewrite parts of it, but if I do, I'll write it in the further chapters' notes.
Letting go of his face, she enveloped him in a tight hug. “I will. Until you can.”
Yeahhhh. Yep. Okay. Definitely dead then, thought Tony. He tried to snort, but ended up coughing and wheezing, his lungs straining under the pressure of the carbon dioxide in the air. He winced and closed his eyes. Fuck, he thought pain was supposed to go away, once you die.
Almost.
chapter 3. in the shallow
“Sit down!” shouted the colonel angrily, but Tony ignored him.
, Steve.”
And of course, then he had actually met him. Never meet your heroes, they say, because they’re sure to disappoint you. Well, if that wasn’t the truth.
She started walking through the portal that Wong was still patiently holding. “Yes,
He needed to tell her. He needed her to know. Someone had to know. “Pepper--” he started, but the words died in his throat. They were too painful, too sharp, too new to be spoken aloud, not when--not when Tony was on the brink of death.
was his name Racket? Rocket?
Not even after Siberia.
And obviously, Steve was there, kneeling on the ground by his side in an instant, his arms solid around Tony’s body, while the others gathered around quickly and towered over them.
“Today is day 21,” he thought for a second, “uh, no, 22. You know, if it wasn't for the existential terror of staring into a void of space, I'd say I'm feeling better today. The infection's run its course, thanks to the blue meanie back there.”
So yep. Get in it for the long haul, you people. But also, I’m very much in a frantic and very motivated writing mood these days. And my outline is getting more precise everytime I come back to this fic.
Of course, he had witnessed Tony and Pepper’s interactions over the years, their easy banter, their constant bickering and speaking over each other, their offhanded but not-so-casual fight for dominance over one another, their unexpectedly balanced stubbornness, her ruthlessness as CEO of StarkIndustries; but he had never been on the receiving end of her wrath. He understood much better now how and why she was still in Tony’s life after all these years. Why she was the mother of his child. She certainly was a sight to behold and a force to reckon with; only a fool would underestimate her and make an enemy out of her. And Tony might be reckless, annoyingly arrogant, snarky, and have zero self-preservation instincts, but he definitely was not a fool.
The last thing he saw before passing out were Steve’s anxious eyes, impossibly blue, mirroring the faint glow of the arc reactor he was still holding in his hand.
Breathing was nice, oh yeah, he would never underestimate breathing ever again. Never.
And suddenly, strong arms were enveloping him, holding him close, anchoring him. He looked up at Steve’s face, taking in the lines that hadn’t been there two years ago, the worry deep in his blue eyes, the relief on his features to see Tony, alive.
“It's okay,” he whispered, and he almost believed it.
he missed the guy. Fuck, he missed him so fucking much.
betrayed Pepper on an almost daily basis. It was a miracle she still put up with him, after almost twenty years. Enough to marry him. God, he was an idiot.
Gritting his teeth, he pushed his glasses back up. Short of having the armor to hide behind, the glasses would have to do. “Where is he now? Where?” he asked, trying to keep his anger in check, at least for now. It was a losing battle.
--he saw Peter kneel besides what was left of Iron Man.
He turned back towards Steve, his tone biting and sharp like a knife. “I got nothing for you, Cap. I got no coordinates, no clues, no plan, no options. Zero. Zip. Nada. No trust. Liar,” he spat the last word, his eyes boring into Steve’s, letting all the resentment and bitterness and pain that had built up for the past two years fill the space between them.
He turned his eyes, unfocused and drooping, towards her and she smiled, at the father of her child, at the man she had been in love with for so many years, at the man who was still, after everything that had happened, one of her closest friends; and Steve was crying now, because it was the saddest smile in the world, the most poignant scene he had ever witnessed, the hardest moment of his life.
that's what we needed!” he shouted in Steve’s face.
Steve was only a few steps away, right behind Pepper and Peter now, but he couldn’t move; it was like someone had poured concrete down his spine.
“Neither could I,” Steve replied, his voice just as soft and broken.
, thought Steve.
“Who the fuck are you,” Tony tried to say, but choked on the words, and they only came out as a whisper.
He pointed at Carol. “She's great, by the way. We need you,” he said, with a nod, addressing her. “You're new blood.”
and more.
Tony closed his eyes, and let his head hit the wall behind him. “If you find this recording, don't post it on social media. It's gonna be a real tear-jerker. I don't know if you're ever going to see these. I don't even know if you're... if you're still…” his voice stuck in his throat. What if she
How fucking ironic for Cap to give him the deformed mirror image of himself as an arrogant, self-righteous, stubborn asshole who didn’t give two fucks about governments and rules?
Fuck.
A blue light scanned his face and body, and he sighed in relief.
In fact, he couldn’t remember a time where he’d been this tired. Not even in that fucking cave in Afghanistan. Not even when he was walking alone in the desert, with no water, no food, nothing. Not even after New York, and the nuclear warhead, and falling, falling, impossibly fast, too fast, from too high. Not even after the panic attacks. Coulson’s death. EXTREMIS. Ultron.
His heart sank; fuck, he had never seen Cap looking so utterly dejected and beaten. It must have been one hell of a battle here. One hell of a defeat.
But that was all appearances, because of course, Tony had kept a close eye on the renegade Avengers’ activities. Hell, he even had live footage of what they were up to. They thought they were so clever and untraceable. Like he hadn’t guessed they had ran to Wakanda the minute Steve broke them free from the raft. Fools.
say it back. Am I making myself clear?”
He put a hand in front of his eyes to shield the impossible brightness, turning around to get his bearings. Huh. He was sitting upright, in one of the seats. He frowned; he didn’t remember falling asleep there, but then his head was in a very dense fog, and unbelievable heavy, like someone had filled it with lead. So maybe that was why.
“Can’t hear you, there’s no air in space, and thus, no possibility for sound, basic physics, really,” he whispered, his voice hoarse and weak. “Plus, you know, there’s a window designed to resist space travel between us, doubt I could hear you even if you shouted. Even if you could shout, because again, space, no air, no sound, nada.”
Steve heard more than he saw Tony snap the gauntlet. He knocked down his opponent with all the force he could muster, barely wincing as his ribs contracted painfully. He turned towards the deflagration. He felt exhausted, to the very marrow of his bones. Around him, the Black Order started to turn to dust. He saw Thanos look around, frantically, desperately, his gaze falling on Steve, who stared back, not hiding the vicious smugness tugging at his lips, something defiant, sharp and unyielding in his eyes. They had won, and proved that Thanos was not, never had been--and never would be--inevitable. A wave of giddiness overtook him as he looked at a mournful Thanos disintegrate.
He closed his eyes for a second. He needed to do this; and yet he’d never felt less like doing something in his life. There was something so final about it. Like giving up. And Tony Stark didn’t give up.
“Tony, Tony,” said Rhodey, trying to put himself between them. “Tony, stop!”
So because he was Tony Stark and a sucker for reckless and dramatic gestures, he ripped off the arc reactor from his chest and shoved it in Steve’s hand.
Pepper was alive. She was alive. And so was Steve.
And suddenly, he couldn’t see anything else.
, he thought, as the tears spilled, leaving clear tracks on his cheeks, amidst the dust and dried blood.
She nodded sharply, but her eyes were soft. “Good. Now go and assemble your team.”
Steve sighed impatiently. “Tony, I'm gonna need you to focus.”
And he only had himself to blame, hadn’t he? He was the first one who planted the seed of doubt in Steve’s mind, all those years ago, when he had hacked into SHIELD to figure out what they were truly doing with the Tesseract. It felt like it happened one or two lifetimes ago.
shook her head, and pointed at her chest, her lips moving quickly, like she was trying to reply to his question.
“Tony!” barked Rhodey, because of course, Rhodey was worried, and pissed, and he would probably make Tony pay for it dearly later.
. Adding insult to injury.
If only they had had more to work with. God, what he would have given for another suit, or Jarvis, or even Dummy. “But it's now dead in the water. We're 1000 light years from the nearest 7 / 11. Oxygen will run out tomorrow. And that'll be it. And Pep, I …”
So he took a shallow breath, and closed his eyes
Except for Cap. Steve. Fucking Steven Rogers. Who had always
The ship picked up speed, until it was going faster than its engines could have ever flown, the stars blurring in the great expanse of space before them. He felt Nebula’s hand on his shoulder and put his own on top of it.
“Hey, Miss Potts... Pep.”
A light. There was a light. Really, a light? There actually was a light when you died?
But then. After that. It had been like the imaginary friend Tony had had since childhood had suddenly become alive. Steve had been everything Tony had waited for. Everything he had ever wanted in a friend. Someone who loved hanging out with him, but challenged him at every turn. Someone who was his exact opposite, and yet so similar. Someone with snark and a dry, wry humour, but also a ferocious need to protect the people he loved that matched Tony’s. Someone with whom he could banter, but also have the difficult conversations.
Also, I decided to include a lot of Endgame dialogues, because 1) even if it broke my heart, I loved Endgame, and 2) I love to use the canon to further my own slashy agenda. Like, a lot. And well, I like to challenge myself too, and I really want to stick to the canon until Tony’s death. I’m just gonna expand it a little while I’m at it, that’s all. And by a little I mean, what-do-you-mean-this-scene-is-longer-than the-whole-movie kinda expansion. :)
, Tony Stark, the former weapon manufacturer, who had preferred to create a suit of armour around the world and pretend to privatise world peace than be held accountable?
And wearing a costume. Like an actual, superhero costume. And now, it was waving at him. And smiling.
He waved a dismissive hand, letting sarcasm drip from his every word. “Pfft! I saw this coming a few years back. I had a vision. I didn't wanna believe it. Thought I was dreaming.”
The raccoon
“But--I can’t--I need to--” he stuttered, panic rising in his chest, like a tight coil around his lungs.
Yep. Tony Stark, ladies and gentlemen, hiding behind snark, humour and sarcasm since 1970.
just shrugged, replying with a derisive tone. “Maybe I am.”
He turned off the helmet, rubbing his thumb over the left eye, sorrow threatening to overtake everything. Slowly, he lowered his upper body to the ground, trying to find the least uncomfortable position, draping his jacket over his shoulder. He felt the tears fall down his face, and he couldn’t find it in himself to fight them.
Stepping right in front of him, she cupped his face with her gloved hands, brushing a few tears away. “Steve, I’ll go. You know I will call you if anything happens. Doctor Strange can transport you from here to Wakanda in a minute, if you’re needed.”
And she activated the helmet and flew away, disappearing fast in the red glow of the setting sun as the portal collapsed after her.
to take the exact same stance he, Tony Stark, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, had taken for so many years. The famous ‘Yeah, no, fuck you, the suit is mine, and you can’t control me’.
He wanted to see Pepper. He wanted to kiss her face and hold her close, and have her yell at him for being an asshole with no self-preservation instinct, and comfort him.
Except that Cap had lived up to his reputation. Sure, they had started on the wrong foot, and Tony had been less than impressed by the self-righteous and dismissive bitterness of the guy.
because at this point, it was pointless to refer to the shape as ‘it’
Full disclosure: a lot has been happening in my life, especially over the past few days, a lot of sadness and pain. At least this story helps me to distract myself, but it's one reason why it's taken me so long to update this. Life, work and family stuff have been pretty harsh with me.
He started running, but he was too far, he was too exhausted, he would never make it in time to catch him. He saw War Machine and Rescue landing right next to where he had tumbled down, quickly followed by Spider-Man.
Tony huffed. “Who told you that? I didn't fight him. No, he wiped my face with a planet while the Bleecker Street Magician gave away the stone. That's what happened. There was no fight,” he snapped.
But he didn’t care. He wrapped his arms around her thin body, and closed his eyes, letting the tears he had fought to keep at bay fall in her hair.
And slowly, softly, sleep claimed him, for what Tony knew would be the last time.
He sighed, glancing at the unmoving emptiness of the universe. “I should probably lie down. Please know that... when I drift off, I will think about you. It's always you.”
Even on his honeymoon with Pepper. That was how bad he had it. FRIDAY had alerted him of something that had Steve written all over, and he had gone and hid in the bathroom to watch the bad quality images of Cap fighting the good fight, even after all this time on the run.
For almost two years, radio silence had felt like the perfect revenge. Leaving Steve in the dark. Never using the phone. Never replying to messages. Never acknowledging anything. Never mentioning his name in press conferences. Ignoring questions about him entirely. Very visibly rolling his eyes on camera every time a journalist asked. God, it had felt like a little victory. Like having the last word of an argument.
And god, it felt good to hear his voice.
God, did Steve disappoint him then.
And he knew Steve would understand. They hadn’t spoken a lot since Leipzig, but Steve knew enough about Peter and how he felt like a son to Tony to understand why it mattered. Why it broke Tony that hat he was gone.
which he very rarely was, but hey, being on the brink of death had a way of making you reconsider your life and defense mechanisms
and hoped.
they had lost.
what if the same thing had happened to her than to Peter and Strange and all the others? “Oh god, I hope so.”
He held on to Nebula’s hand, like a drowning man. They were obviously being rescued, there was still hope. Maybe he would be able to pull one last surprise after all.
Oh, and that was the last straw.
Fuck he needed coffee. Or maybe a whole bottle scotch. Or both at the same time. Yeah. Both at the same time sounded about right.
She shook her head, a small mirthless smile flickering on her lips. “I’ve known for much longer than both of you have. Now go,” she insisted, pointing towards the rest of the Avengers and other superheroes gathered around them. “Go do what you are good at, and I’ll go do what I’m good at.”
Tony had thought for a long time about recording The Message (which, yes, he capitalized even in his mind). Tony Stark’s Last Message. God, that sounded overly dramatic. He snorted. Yeah, he’d always had a flare for the dramatic, hadn’t he?
God, Tony was still angry at him. So fucking angry. And yet, as he considered his decreasing odds at survival, he had so many regrets. So much sorrow. So much pain. And if he was honest with himself
So he cried. And cried. Because that was all he had left. He cried, mourning the people he loved, mourning the fact he would never get to say goodbye. He cried, until he didn’t have any tears left, until exhaustion finally overcame him.
The blond woman shook her head, her eyes filling with tears. “It’s too late, FRIDAY… FRIDAY said--”
Ignoring the exchange with a pointed glare, Steve marched on. “We've been hunting Thanos for three weeks now. Deep space scans, satellites, and we got nothing,” he admitted, his head falling. His gaze flicked towards Tony, holding his gaze for a second. “Tony, you fought him.”
The soldier tries to take the case from Happy, insisting the weight is nothing for him, but the man won’t have it and insists on lugging it down himself. There isn’t much in it, at least, but Tony knows Steve could have tucked it under his arm like a purse. With his back still healing though, the inventor is on Happy’s side.
he shouldn’t be wallowing right now, because self-deprecation is a form of egotism and surely this shouldn’t be about him right now, but he can’t stop himself. Steve should be the focus. He should be doing everything he had to make sure his companion is comfortable and safe, but he
“How does that work?” Steve points to the glowing circle in the middle of his shirt.
“Is this all mine?” the soldier pokes his head into the en-suite.
JARVIS catches him. A suit appears beneath him, opening from the back so he can slot neatly inside. It folds around him, and soars away from the earth.
and a good one. But you just
“No.” Fury is firm. “Too shiny, and too obvious. If they realize the Avengers are onto them, it could shut down the whole circle and we’ll lose our leads.”
Yes. Steve has every intention of hanging out more after this. “Seems I’d better get in then.”
plenty of people. But never like this. There’s no time to think about the details, about what Steve and his old-timey morals might think about this. There’s no time to think about what this might do for their friendship, or how awkward it might be if this doesn’t work and they still end up living together for these three weeks, or if Steve leaves.
Tony thinks, intending the thought for Steve. He knows that Rogers was only doing what he was sent here to do, and that Tony is the idiot here. He wipes his nose on his sleeve and starts the trek back round to the place where he can safely scale down the cliffside. With everything soaking wet and muddy, he has to be extra careful not to slip. If he falls and hurts himself, it’ll only make Steve’s sacrifice pointless, and Tony’s not about to add insult to injury.
This is not going as smoothly as he’d like. Tony drops his wrench and wipes grease from his fingers, reaching instead for the screwdriver and cradling the suit component in his palm as he slides the instrument through the cracks to adjust the motion sensors and trackers newly imbedded in the hardware. Next, he’ll tweak the coding, and give this baby another whirl.
“It always aches in the background,” Tony shrugs. “It’s not so bad. You get used to it.”
Steve’s not sure why, but he feels better. He turns his thoughts back to the mission and pulls out the map. “We’ll go to the rear entrance and wait for the guard rotation. You’ll get us through the door and get us into the building. From there, we’ll scope out the facility, figure out what they’re manufacturing. Once we have a comprehensive list of what they’re storing and making, we’ll go from there.”
As it turns out, they find a safer, more convenient way: the ground starts to rise, and finally there’s a gouge in the cliff full of jutting stones and roots that would make a good staircase. It’s quite steep, still, but there’s only two meters between the ground they’re currently on and the top of the cliff. Steve easily strides up, light on his feet. He does make a point of lingering on each step however, so Tony can follow his path safely. The Captain reaches the top and turns to watch, ready to reach out and help if he needs to. To his surprise, Tony is a lot more athletic than expected, and makes his way with admirable agility up the little path.
Captain America
, he thought, but he couldn’t say that, not now, not here, of all times and places, “I need to know.”
Pepper softly pushed the boy aside, putting a hand on the suit. “Hey,” Steve heard her say.
She rolled her eyes, and disappeared, taking the light with her. A second later, Tony felt the ship move under his feet, and anxiously looked around. Nebula came to where he was sitting, a question in her eyes. Tony shrugged; none of this made any sense.
Nebula pushed him forward, one of her hands around his waist, the other holding his other arm around her shoulders.
Tony closed his eyes. There was still so much pain and anger in all of this, but also a deep-seated sadness. Because right now, he’d rather go back to their “Civil War” a thousand times than cope with the destruction Thanos had left and his resulting, impending doom.
But he did recognise the Avengers compound, no matter how blurry and vague its shape was.
“I know I said no more surprises, but I was really hoping to pull off one last one. But it looks like... well you know what it looks like. Don't feel bad about this. I mean, if you grovel for a couple of weeks… and then move on with enormous guilt.”
He turned back towards the cockpit window, where the light was still getting brighter.
And all Steve fucking Rogers had done, after leaving him, alone, cold, the suit broken beyond repair, after leaving with the man who had killed Tony’s parents; all Steve Rogers had done was send the most frustrating, self-righteous letter, barely apologising, reminding Tony acutely of what he had lost. A letter, along with a cellphone. A flip phone. An actual flip phone.
but it was still the same suit.
Steve sighed, shaking his head wearily. “We don't know. He just opened a portal and walked through.”
vengers. Not the
and then gave up. He was tired, so fucking tired of pretending everything was alright.
. I’m putting him under a stasis spell until we can bring him to Wakanda.”
At this point, he wasn’t sure if he ever stopped thinking about Steve. About everything they didn’t say to each other. About all the things he wanted to scream to his face. About all the pain he had felt. The betrayal. The loneliness. The heartbreak. The fucking heartbreak. The worst heartbreak of his life. Worst than when he’d realised that he would never live up to his father’s expectations, no matter how hard he tried, and how brilliant his inventions were.
Tony had a headache. He was waiting for the meeting to start, but to be honest, he didn’t really care anymore.
He wanted to see Rhodey, and have him glare at him, call him an idiot, and shout for being an arrogant, reckless bastard.
Dragging the doctor with him, the Captain took a step towards the hole that opened on the beautiful Wakanda valley, where a red sun was setting down. “Then I’m coming with you.”
2018.
Steve frowned. “Which is?”
“Tony!” growled Rhodey.
“Nah, nah, nah,” he shook himself from his grasp, his eyes narrowing, latching at Steve’s unmoving gaze. “Here's my point.”
He wanted to see Bruce, and poke him with a pen, and make innuendo about performance and the other guy. He wanted to see Nat, and Hawkeye, and even Fury, and Hill. Fuck, he wanted to see all of them. Even if he was pissed at most of them. They were his family. His only family.
“Stand back, Captain Rogers,” he sighed impatiently.
Opening his eyes was the hardest thing in the world. Everything seemed to be out of focus, like looking through someone else’s glasses.
Shapes
“Life functions critical,” replied the AI, something incredibly sad in her automated voice.
He looked up, another wave of sorrow overtaking him. “I lost the kid.”
Strange put his hand on top of Steve’s. “There’s nothing you can do for him right now,” he said, softer than he expected, “but with some help from the most advanced technology on earth and my magic, we might stand a chance.”
He had a little smile as he thought of Nebula, their little games, her brusqueness, her eagerness to live, to survive. “You'd love her. Very practical. Only a tiny bit sadistic. Some fuel cells were cracked during battle, but we figured out a way to reverse the ion charge to buy ourselves about 48 hours of time.”
Suddenly, Steve was pushed aside by a form half flying half running, orange geometric patterns forming around his hands, enveloping Tony in some kind of net made of light and energy.
He tried calculating the relative speed they were going at and how much longer it would take for them to get to Earth, but the scarcity of the air made it hard for him to focus. He estimated that they had roughly an hour of flight to reach their destination, but that was more an educated guess than anything remotely scientific.
He gave the helmet a tentative tap. “This thing on?”
The light was growing, adding some pressure on his eyelids that felt deceivingly real and tangible. He opened his eyes tentatively.
Tony was tired.
He opened his eyes tiredly again and flinched. Because the shape
I don't have a beta or anyone reading this before I publish. So if you feel that some verb tenses are off, it's all on me. I tried to write like a memory in a memory, while writing this story in the past tense already, and boy, it was hard. English is not my first language, and though I've spoken and written English for a long time, a lot of these things don't come perfectly intuitively to me, and that whole scene felt stiff verb tense wise. If you have any tips or want to help me make it better—PLEASE reach out! :) As I said, I'm a perfectionist, and I would 100% welcome anyone's input on grammar and stuff.
“It's been 23 days since Thanos came to Earth,” Nat said, startling him out of his thoughts. He still wasn’t used to her platinum blond hair, it looked so unnatural on her. “World governments are in pieces. The parts that are still working are trying to take a census. And it looks like he did... exactly what he said he was going to do. Thanos wiped out fifty percent, of all living creatures.”
He had thought for a long time about The Message, and whom to address it to.
He sighed as he slumped down the wall of the Benatar, reaching forward to turn on the helmet, the last thing he had salvaged from the suit.
Gently, the blond woman pushed him away. “There’s no time, Steve,” she interrupted him. “And before you say anything, yes, I know. I
He inhaled raggedly, waving a hand around in what he hoped was a reassuring gesture. “I'm fine. I…”
Gonna write the years at the beginning from now on, because this will not be a completely linear fic.
So yeah, he wasn’t sure that The Message should be addressed to Steve. There was too much he still needed to say, and a fucking recording from the other side of the universe wouldn’t cut it. He would just waste his last opportunity at leaving something, no matter how pointless, on resentment, anger, regrets. He’d already wasted enough time on Bad Feelings to last a lifetime. And he was done wasting energy on Steven Grant Rogers, the man who somehow always knew how to get under his skin, the man he had thought had been a friend, the man he had fallen in
, he thought desperately.
Steve’s heart stopped in his chest at the strain, the pain, the finality behind the words.
How ironic that he, Iron Man, had felt guilty enough to be bullied into signing them? Well, that was what you got for playing God, he guessed.
. Fuck the drama and the bitterness.
He let his eyes wander around for a second, trying to get his anger under control
His first thought had been for Steve, of course. But to be fair, his first thought was almost always for Steve, so it didn’t really count.
“I couldn't stop him,” was all Tony could whisper, his voice hoarse and strangled by the tears that threatened to spill.
The relieved smile that had slowly started to form on his tired face froze as he looked over towards where Tony was standing. Or rather, stumbling. With horror, Steve saw that Tony’s right side was almost burnt from the energy burst of the infinity stones.
Steve isn’t dead. His heart is beating at a pretty steady rate, actually. He’s just not moving.
“Will you at least smile for me?” Tony begs, turning back to face the right way, imploring with teasing hazel eyes. “This party’ll be more fun if we can be friends.”
See you next time!
“You’re a ham, Cap,” Tony wishes he could stay up all night like this, but Steve looks exhausted. His eyes are content but heavy-lidded.
“Yup. Ready soldier?” Tony gets in close and holds his arms ready to catch. Iron Man seamlessly peels away from Steve, and he collapses into the engineer’s waiting grasp. His whole body hurts, but that’s alright. It’s a little embarrassing, but he doesn’t mind it too much as inventor carries him bridal style once again into the helicopter. Fury doesn’t say a word, firing up the rotors.
His arm is slow to respond, moving in one jerking motion. The shot misses. The guard is spitting out some blood and diving sideways for a fallen weapon. He swings it around, and starts shooting.
No, now’s not the time. Tony furrows his brow. He wishes he knew what’s wrong. Steve looks so young all of a sudden, sprawled and vulnerable. Both of them are pretty scraped up. Just as he was supposed to, Steve played Tony’s body guard without hesitation. Tony comes closer, takes Steve’s face between his hands without really thinking. The skin is smooth and soft, lily white and without a single blemish. Perfect, angelic. Without his stern frown, Steve looks... peaceful. Like he’s sleeping so deeply that nothing can touch him.
Steve’s back burns, and his fingertips are tingling again. JARVIS rights him, and helps him delivery a powerful kick into the guard’s chest. It’s strong enough to crack bone, mathematically aimed and balanced. Steve swallows his nausea and twists at the waist. The AI takes care of the footwork, and spins him around, bringing the other foot up and hooking the heel into the guard’s ear. It makes a loud crack, but it’s not enough to down their opponent.
For once there’s no argument. Tony just smiles and pats his blanketed shoulder. “Yeah yeah, I’m amazing, what else is new.”
Steve deliberately ignores him. The guy’s actually right: nothing is official, but he did technically sell himself to his country the second he joined the super soldier program. This is all he has, all that’s left. Without Fury, without SHIELD, he has nothing, just a body to live in and no soul to fill it. That’s how it feels anyway, but he can never say that because it’ll sound stupid if it leaves his lips. Maybe it doesn’t have to be this way, maybe he could have said no to Fury’s recruitment, but he hates sitting alone in an empty apartment more than anything. When he picks up his shield, he can taste the memory of who he used to be. Fighting feels good: it’s what his body is made to do, and he’s good at it. He likes being able to save people, protect them, do what he’s always wanted.
So Steve drinks it, tips the alcohol into his mouth without missing a beat, and sets down the empty glass. “Time to go.”
Guilt eats up enough of the brick in Steve’s throat to allow him to speak. “What do you know about this facility.” Work is always a good conversation-starter, safe and ultimately necessary.
to bring it along, because you’re so much smarter than everyone else, and you know best.”
It’s horrendously boring. Tony really wishes he could have a drink right now. He wishes Steve wouldn’t sit so tightly upright in his chair, memorizing every detail perfectly like he always does, with his perfect hair, and his perfect face.
Again, Tony doesn’t let him finish, or even try to cobble together a sentence. “I pay attention. You might have that super steroid brain of yours, but I’ve got this all-natural Stark genius. I might be shit at friendships and all that, but I see stuff. Plus, you’re not as mysterious as you think you are.”
Steve can think about these issues once the job is done; who knows, maybe somewhere along the road he’ll figure it out, and everything will make sense. Maybe he’ll even agree with the director’s motives. Or maybe he won’t. That’s a fairly large possibility. Steve isn’t the government’s lap dog, contrary to what some might believe.
Steve’s arm pops back into place with a loud pop, but the soldier doesn’t even flinch, though Tony winces in sympathy. It’s done. He doesn’t give himself any time to breathe, continuing his assessment. Steve’s wrist looks a little swollen, probably fractured. It’ll heal in no time, and at least it doesn’t need setting. It won’t stop Captain America.
Of course the first-aid isn’t stocked for spinal injuries. Tony searches through it, but the best he can do is splint Steve’s swollen wrist. It’s definitely fractured now that he looks at it. He feels a little better after it’s wrapped, like he’s finally done something useful. The arm he props up on Steve’s chest. Then he pulls a blanket across the man and steps back.
Oh no, he’s not leaving his suit behind. “Iron Man’s coming with me, sorry Jolly Roger.” There’s room to negotiate this, he knows it. SHIELD wouldn’t drag him into this unless they had to. They need him, and he can get what he wants.
Steve must have led with his shoulders, because Tony realizes that the right one looks wonky. It’s dislocated, but at least the soldier isn’t awake to suffer or cry out while the engineer prepares to set it. “Okay, Steve, maybe just... keep napping for a bit,” Tony takes off the Kevlar vest. He sets the item aside and takes the arm by the elbow, carefully rotating it.
“I never thought anybody could make a gown look good, but you pull it off,” Tony shakes his head. He must say he’s a little disappointed that it doesn’t hang open at the back, though it does look a bit like a minidress given how high up it rides on the soldier’s thighs. It doesn’t do much justice to his tapering hips though.
Tony stops in his tracks, and his eyes are dark when Steve turns to look at him. He points an accusing finger up at the larger man’s chest. “You know what? You’re a dick. I don’t get what my dad thought was worth wasting his life looking for. You don’t know shit about me, Rogers. I
He has to say it now. Queen’s ‘Somebody to Love’ is playing in the background. Steve’s listening patiently, watching expectantly. That blush has crept back up through the triangle of chest visible between his shirt and brace, crawling all the way up to his face. There’s confusion in his expression, but he doesn’t pull away.
He waits in terror for Captain America to respond. But the soldier doesn’t spit in disgust or walk away. He blushes deeper, and doesn’t say a word.
Even with the lamp, this cave is so
His neck doesn’t look right. There’s a rivulet of blood across his throat that must have dribbled while he was laid across Tony’s back. Tony searches with careful fingers around the back, finds another scrape there. The skin he touches is warm and swollen.
Let me know what you thought! I appreciate any and all feedback, and I try to keep what's said in mind when writing my next works! Thank you very much for your feedback throughout! I appreciate it, truly <3 your enjoyment gives me life.
long. Artist’s fingers. He glances up to Tony to make sure this is really okay, before running his index along the edge. The reactor
“Only one way to fix that,” Tony shrugs. “Course I’m sure. Somebody’s gotta keep an eye on you and make sure you do as you’re told.”
“The arc reactor?” Tony taps it. He has half a mind to take off his shirt so the soldier can get a better look. “Here, I’ll show you.” He pulls up the designs on the hologram and sits backward in his chair, pointing into the picture protected in the air between them. “This is the old model. See? That’s palladium...”
Steve realizes he’s smiling. Having it pointed out only widens it, and he flushes a little as he fights to school his expression.
There’s no time. Time has nearly been taken from Tony before, and he has to do this while he can. First things first though. “Steve... thank you. For saving me.” That’s what he should have been saying all along.
“Rogers.” They’ve fallen, right. Tony glances up the cliff. It’s a long way up. He can’t even see the top, it’s so obscured by trees.
The Big Apple is right ahead. Already he can spot the shape of Avengers’ Tower as he weaves through the sky. He’s not an Avenger anymore; the team disbanded, separating those deadly chemicals Banner had described them as. It was probably for the better. Even with catastrophic events to bring them together and forge friendships, things had been bound to go off at some point. Fury must have known that, regardless of his vision to have them unite in the first place. He’s a smart guy, that Tony is sure of.
Steve’s still on his back, unconscious but stable. Tony wastes no time unpacking, turning on the lamp and shedding the cavern with yellow light. He spreads the thermal floor cover down, rolls out the sleeping mats one on top of the other, and drags Steve over by his shoulders again. With a little maneuvering, he’s positioned the Captain on the mats.
“Okay,” Steve smiles at him. Happy watches from the rearview mirror.
“It lives,” Tony whispers hauntingly, leaning over and waggling his fingers.
He likes flying, he really does. There’s a certain thrill that comes with speed. It’s more personal this way too, tucked into this suit. Better than in a car. He feels safe in here. It’s his protective shell, a symbol of everything he’s tried to do better since 2008. It’s something tangible he can lock onto, a meter of his progress that can be tracked. And plus, it hides his face. If he doesn’t want the world to know how he’s feeling, they don’t have to. All he has to do is drop the mask, and all they can see is Iron Man, the hero that saved New York from aliens.
“Naw, too late, I did it. Cracked the hard shell, and look what’s underneath. One big blonde marshmallow moron.” Tony smacks his bicep. “Come on cupcake, what’s the plan?” He’s grinning too.
They set off down the hall, Steve happy to lean a little into Tony’s support. His gait smooths out with every step. At this rate, he’ll be standing tall and straight in another couple of days.
who are revered by the mass public, looking down on me and seeing only what I was, and not what I tried to become. I’m not perfect, okay? Never have been, never will be. But at least I’m trying. You’re not giving me much to work with here, and I’m
“Good to be back on your feet, huh,” Tony smiles proudly. He’s glad this process won’t be any longer or more complicated. The serum has done its job perfectly. “You want a hand getting dressed?”
“Not entirely,” the director responds. “No-one else could have made quicker, neater work of it. I knew you wouldn’t leave all your toys behind even if I ordered you to, though I didn’t expect you to be brash enough to bring Iron Man.”
and he
Steve had been trying so hard,
His thoughts drift off to Steve. He looked at the stars. Steve would love this. Steve was weak for stars and spaces. He remembered their first date, their first rendezvous. Tony took Steve to NASA, he kissed Steve in the Zero Gravity room. They were floating, it was cliché, but magical. He could've done it with his armor and carry Steve, but Steve wanted logical. He wanted to be normal, they both did. When they had gone to Clint's farmhouse, Steve cried later that night in their shared room. He could've had it, maybe with Peggy, but he had to sacrifice himself. Steve regret being Captain America sometimes. He wished he was a little selfish. Tony promised him a normal life, right before Steve left for his mission at Lagos.
Tony fell asleep, he wished he wouldn't have to wake up and just die peacefully, but an hour to his sleep, he heard voices. Familiar voices. He woke up to see wires attached to the mask. "Nebula, unattach yourself from the mask. It's hurting you. You said so," he told her, his voice laced with concern. When they jumpstarted the jet with Nebula's help, she was screaming in agony, she told him that it hurts her everytime she uses a part of herself, it drains her out. "You're dying, Stark. Talk to them."
"Do you think the batmobile still fit for two?" Tony flirted casually.
, he stopped.
A few moments later, he felt Rhodey's hand on his shoulder before getting embraced. "Thank you. For staying with him." Steve knew that Tony didn't tell Rhodey about Siberia. Rhodey would hurt Steve if he found out, Steve would let him. He deserved it. Carol kissed Tony's forehead and nodded at Steve. Carol was the second closest friend to Tony. Nebula held Tony's hand. Thor did the same but he gave Steve a hug. Rhodey took one last look at them, at Tony, and left them. It took them awhile to start the jet, they were hesitating, they didn't want to leave Steve and Tony. But they're together now.
Tony didn't say a word and walked past Steve, he didn't dare to look into Steve's eyes. Not after the nightmares he got. Steve grabbed Tony's arm and muttered,
"I'll stay," Steve said. He earned confused looks from the others. Carol broke the silence, "Rogers, despite the fact that you're a supersoldier, maybe you'll survive without oxygen but you need food and water. And we can give you some, but it won't be enough. You'll die." "That's the plan." He walked toward Tony's body and sat down. He laid the corpse's head on his lap. "Captain, don't do this. The world needs you. Come home with us," Thor plead.
, give you another chance at hurting me?!
“I'm a criminal now, Tony, I know how to pick locks,” he tried to joke, “but I didn't come here to see you. I didn't even know you were here. We got something to do here in Verona, and it's done, so I decided to come. Just to breathe. Not sure I could, but when I saw you standing there,
The first time they had made love was in Italy, it was Maria's house. It was spring in 2014. After Siberia, Tony wondered if Steve already knew about Barnes and his parents murder or not when they made love. But Tony is dying, he's not going to think about whether or not Steve lied to him when they made love. Tony closed his eyes and pictured Steve beside him, gazing at him the way Steve always do, Steve's index finger ran along Tony's facial features. Steve always did that, Tony didn't know why, maybe it helps Steve sketch the details even better. Tony remembered waking up to Steve sketching beside him more than once. "Are you drawing me when I'm asleep, creep?" He would joke. Steve would laugh and put down his sketch book and kissed Tony. They'd make love.
, he stopped.
Will they leave all these heroic missions behind? He wasn't sure if either of them had the ability to sit back and watch the world crumble. But he wondered what would happen if they did leave the world to be saved by someone else. After all, the Avengers was never just Steve and Tony, although everyone admitted that they were always the parents of the team — which means, the Avengers would be chaotic without them.
Stood tall at 6'4" in a custom midnight blue Gucci suit. Bruce Wayne — probably
"Maybe we should switch places, I think you and your All-American costume will fit well with Gotham."
Steve had given him a phone, but all Tony did was running his thumbs over it. He fought his temptation to call Steve just to hear his voice through the voice mail, but Tony didn't think Steve understood how to make one.
Birthdays. Tony was never big on birthdays, not after he got kidnapped anyways. It keeps reminding him of how he's getting older and closer to death. But there he was, at a party that his team mates — by team mates, i meant Steve McGuilty-About-Siberia Rogers — throw.
“Tony...”
"Suffering much?" A deep, raspy voice snapped Tony out of his thoughts of his former lover.
stupid phone, I have this with me everyday. I take it with me to the damn shower. I take it wherever I go. But you never called… Why didn't you call, Steve?” The question came out as a breathless mumbling.
He laid down infront of the window, he turned his head to look at the stars. He thought of what would happen if he hadn't got kidnapped almost eleven years ago. He wondered if the boy in Sokovia would still be alive. He wondered if he had met Harley and Peter. He wondered if things would still be the same, yet so much better.
Tony wished and wondered,
— Rhodey had told him, but he didn't bother to play nice. Steve left Tony in Siberia for God's sake.
Bruce was surprisingly calm and collected, Carol already held Steve back. No one knew that Bruce is The Bat. Tony had known for a long time, he remembered waking up at Bruce's bed and Bruce had new bruises that wasn't there on the night before, besides Tony is smarter than most — he figured it out quickly.
There are moments where Tony wished it would go in a different way. Moments where Tony wished he would return the smile Steve gave him. Where Tony wished he had jumped into Steve's arms like he used to when Steve went on his solo missions for weeks. Where Tony wished he had crashed his lips against Steve's now-chapped lips. He wondered what would happen then.
"Look, if you're seeing this, don't feel bad, okay? I'm not saying that it wasn't wrong what you did, but what happened to us after that is just as much as my fault as it is yours. I ran out of food and water four days ago, the oxygen supply will only last till tomorrow morning, I don't know what to do. I'll probably suffocate, like that time when I lost you. Have I lost you, Cap? You know, you said that you'll be here if I need you, well, I need you very much right now. Save me, Steve. Like you always did. I need to-- I'm sorry I couldn't say this in person. But, when I'm drifting off, I will dream about you. God, Steve.. It was always you."
They argued, they fought.
Tony thought of Steve. Everyday. For months. More than a year. He'd cry every fourth of July. He'd cry in his laboratorium, he'd cry when he took Peter to the museum, he'd cry when he saw paintings. He'd cry.
Nebula came to inform Tony that there are no more food and water four days ago. His stomach grumbled and his throat was dry, he tried his best to survive. Nebula offered some parts of herself - not for Tony to eat, no - to fix the jet. Tony refused, he knew it'd hurt Nebula despite what she said and he can't afford to put anyone else in pain. The oxygen supply would run out the next morning and he didn't know what to do. The only reason he stayed alive all this time without oxygen was the bleeding edge armor but he had to rip it off piece by piece so he could try to contact someone. He told Nebula that if he dies before anyone rescue them, she should remember that he made some videos for his loved ones and that she should let them know once she's saved. Nebula herself didn't know if she's going to go anywhere else, but she nodded.
Tony dreamed. He dreamed of Steve. Before Siberia, they were the most beautiful dreams. He'd dream of Steve chopping the woods as he stood there with their son on the porch. He'd dream of them living the domestic life.
Tony could feel himself suffocating. He opened his eyes again to look at the stars. His life flashed before his eyes. Then he heard Steve's soft voice. "I love you, Acushla. I will see you on the other side." Tony smiled as he breathe out his last breath.
Steve hummed the words to 'Too Ra Loo Ra Loo Ral' - an Irish lullaby his mother used to sing to him. It took him about two months - two months of silence, tears, regrets, and guilt - when he's finally uniting with Tony in a deep, peaceful sleep.
, he saw Steve for the first time.
They were friends, then they were lovers, then everything fell apart.
, what, Steve?!
They loved. Until one day, they stopped.
They worked together, they lost together.
"No, let's," Bruce said in a cocky tone. That did it for Steve. A punch landed on the billionaire's perfect cheek.
"What is home, Thor? He was my home. He needed me and I couldn't be there. I promised I would." Steve sounded so broken, he felt like he was the boy he was before the serum. "What about Barnes?" Rhodey asked. "He has Natasha. Sam has you. I wouldn't have anyone. Please, understand. Let me be selfish for once. I don't see a reason to save the world anymore, Rhodey. I lost mine a few years ago with a chance of having him back in my arms, but this is it. I can't bring him back. I couldn't save him. Let me stay with him, please." Tears left his eyes as he ran his thumb over Tony's blue lips. Tony must've been so cold and scared.
hard. Tony tried telling him that they can be just friends and that would probably be better, but Steve had been Tony deprived for years. Rhodey can't really blame Steve, no one can't. They were the great love story, but Bucky happened.
“Why are you here, then? How did you even get inside?!”
“Be safe, Steve.”
Three days later, Steve arrived with Rhodey, Carol, and Thor. Nebula stayed there with Tony eversince he died. As soon as Rhodey saw his friend's lifeless body, he broke down. He cried and wailed. He begged for him to come back. He said he was sorry it took so long. Carol had to hold Rhodey. Steve just stood a few feet away, his stare is empty, he felt cold, like he had lost a part of himself. He just stood. Thor was about to pick Tony's body up but Nebula spoke, "he wanted to stay. He told me when his time has come.. He wanted to stay." Rhodey begged for Thor to take him back to earth with them, but Thor respected Tony's wish. "But he'll be all alone!" Rhodey was the one who had it collected, he was wise, and strong, and to see him like this.
Steve. Tony remembered that he hadn't record anything for Steve. The only reason Tony was hanging on by the thread is so he could tell Steve how sorry he was in person. But he's dying, there goes the plan. Tony pressed something on the mask, tapped it. "Is this thing still on?" The eyes lit up and scanned Tony's figure. "Start recording." The light in the eyes blinked, telling him that it already started.
,' but Bruce Wayne made a False God bleed, Steve Rogers is just a laboratorium rat.
to ever measure up to Tony. Last time Tony had met him was almost ten years ago, but Bruce ages like a fine wine. The grey streaks on his hair made him way more attractive than he already was.
, “Tony, please.”
They loved, they lost.
. Steve strode toward Tony with his stupid smile on his beautiful face. Tony froze, everything went through his mind at once. Tony thought he was going to cry, but he didn't.
Tony had been sleeping at the compound. He used to sleep on his much better and more comfortable bed back at the mansion, but the mansion was quiet. Too quiet. Steve used to hum as he sketched sleeping Tony by the balcony. Sounds of the spatula meeting the frying pan as Steve cooked Tony his favorite breakfast. But it was quiet. He stayed at the mansion for awhile after Siberia, to heal all the wounds that Rhodey hadn't see before. He never spoke a word about it. The only reason Tony was rescued was because of T'Challa. Tony feels like he's forever in debt — not because T'Challa kind of saved his life, no. But because T'Challa decided to help Steve to lay low for a bit.
. Not anymore. It was enough for him.
And just like that, Tony left Steve all alone.
"Rhodes called and I happened to be in town."
Tony turned his head and
They were each other's salvation, but they were each other's destruction.
Tony raised the champagne glass that he had been holding. "Thank you. I didn't know you'd be here."
Steve saw the interaction from the corner of his eyes and decided to interrupt them. He coughed as it seemed that the pair didn't see him.
, give you another chance at leaving me?!” Steve opened his mouth to answer Tony, but he was cut off, “no, Steve! This is my turn to speak.”
Nebula grunted. Tony looked at her before looking back at the hologram, "I have to go. You go save the world, okay? I love you. I wish we worked it out sooner." He tried his best to smile. "You're gonna be fine! Tony, list--" He unattached the mask from Nebula and hugged her. He whispered strings of 'sorry' and 'thank you' to her.
Tony couldn't remember how long it has been since everyone disintegrate. Since Peter disintegrate. He's not even sure if he wants to know. Luckily, there was food and water, also oxygen supplies. It's twice as much for him, considering his new friend, Nebula, didn't need any of those to live. Tony had been spending his time in the jet, ripping his mask apart, trying to find a way to communicate with anyone on earth. It won't connect, so he decided to record videos after videos. Mostly for Rhodey, some for Pepper, and he left one for May and Peter, in case he'll be dead when everyone else came back. He didn't know, he didn't hope, he was tired of praying and mumbling that everything's gonna be fine, that someone will find a way. He's tired.
Both of them help the soldier off the bed and onto his feet. He’s wincing, but his legs are holding him. He takes a couple of shaky steps, quickly settling into the rhythm after that. The nurse leaves them to it.
This is
He’s sitting in his lab, as usual, working on his latest Iron Man upgrade. Having the suit fly to him and assemble around his body is a pretty badass idea. Credit where credit is due.
"Are you here to refill my champagne?" Tony stiffled a laugh at Bruce's word. Bruce knew damn well who it was,
His best friend, Rhodey, appeared as a hologram. It was like a broken VHS, maybe it's the connection, Tony was already so grateful. "Rhodes?" His voice is broken and raspy, it hurts him when he speaks, thanks to the lack of water. "Tones! I-- Goi--" The audio was cut off, Tony barely understood what Rhodey was saying. "List-- We're gon-- Carol i-- We are on ou--" "What?" "On our wa-- Our way." He smiled, he didn't know which Carol that Rhodey talked about. It couldn't be Carol Danvers, could it?
Tony walked up to Steve, his eyes were filled with pain and rage and sadness. “You left me. You didn't look back, Steve… You left me. You mailed me a
phone but you never even called. You never did. I hoped until I stopped hoping. I hoped that you'd call me because I'd probably answer. Because I
Nebula placed her hand on Tony's shoulder after he turned off the mask. Tony turned his head to look at her and she brushed her mechanic thumb over his cheek. He hadn't realized he was crying. Tony had told Nebula about Steve, about Siberia, things he couldn't tell Rhodey or Peter or Pepper because he knew they would see Steve differently. After the fight, Tony laid on the cold ground of Siberia for hours until Happy found him. He had sent an alert to Happy, he made Happy promised to not tell anyone else. They went to see Dr. Helen Cho, he too made her promised.
Nebula had been a great companion for Tony, he's very thankful for her. She doesn't talk much but she listens. Tony's glad that he's listened, for once. No one listened to Tony, not even Peter, that kid is a trouble. But he's a kid, Tony loves him, he's a great kid. Tony felt so guilty for what happened, he's a kid. He was just a kid. Rhodey listens to Tony when Tony talks, but Tony could barely talk to Rhodey after what happened in Siberia. He still hadn't told him what happened with Steve, he just told Rhodey that he let Steve go with T'Challa. He knew where Steve had been hiding and what he had been doing all this time. Steve. Surprisingly, when it comes to stupid babblings and rantings, Steve listens to him the most. Tony would talk and complain to himself as he works on one of his armors and Steve would sit down on the floor, smiling at every words that leave Tony's mouth while Steve sketched him.
