Tony nodded, not wanting to press him about it. After all it was just an idea and if Steve didn’t want that, he would understand that too. Only one more night in their bed. It was finally happening.
Tony was nowhere near done with the sandwiches when the door was opened and three men stepped in. Why did he expect him to come alone?
When the last of the medicine was used, Tony stared at the empty bag and sighed heavily. It must have been what he said that Mr Rogers had decided to turn away from him. He must have expected more from Tony. But what else could he have done or given?
Steve watched Tony, assessing his reaction to everything. He seemed pleased. Steve could only hope. He knew it was more than he’d had before but maybe he preferred the smaller, simpler life.
Steve exhaled slowly. Tony never failed to be a source of peace. He looked over at the food, then at Tony and then over at his desk where his phone sat, still not ringing. He had overstepped. Maybe he was the one who needed to reach out first.
Steve swallowed and then sighed. “Someone took you from me,
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Would you like a second one?” Steve nodded. “And did
They ate slowly, sitting close to each other. In more private circumstances, Tony would have made himself comfortable in Steve’s lap but this wasn’t the place to take risks in.
“Clint? Baby?” James said, leaning on Clint’s bed, holding one of Clint’s hands between his own, continually pressing his knuckles to his lips.
“As long as I get to get in some hits, I don’t give a damn.”
Tony asked, hesitantly because he didn’t want to seem ungrateful.
In the kitchen, the smell was heavenly. Sarah was at the stove, putting the finishing touches of melted butter over some rosemary potatoes. She sat them on the long, mahogany table along with the roasted chicken, homemade rolls, corn, asparagus, and gravy.
“How ya feeling?” Steve finally asked.
James was fastening his cufflinks, his hair perfectly styled and his cheeks dusted with a light rosy color from the shower he had taken. He was wearing a dark blue suit that turned his eyes into a metallic blue color and Clint honestly felt the air go out of him at the sight of him standing there.
“It was in the fight. We’d gone out ten and come back four and it was hard on us all. Some of the men I wasn’t as close to, but it was then that we lost Dernier.” He paused before he continued. “I was in a bar somewhere with Dugan drinking up a storm, Falsworth and Jones just wanted some time alone. Dugan said he had to get back, Emma was waiting on him—the bird he was sweet on at the time—and I said I had to get back to James. Things were quiet for a while before he said ‘I thought her name was Jasmine.’” Steve chuckled and so did Sarah. “Kind of slipped up on that one. He was angry, said some nasty things to me in that moment. The next time we were under heavy fire and I took a bullet for him, you know, the one in my shoulder, he eased up. Eventually came and told me I was a good man regardless.”
“Who?” Tony asked completely disoriented. It couldn’t be. It
(See the end of the chapter for
“And then you’ll still need to get used to putting weight on it again and getting around. I’d rather you be here close to a doctor I trust in case of anything for the first few days after you get the cast off.”
“No, of course not. The bubbling is enough.”
or Ballycastle, a little town. It’s quaint, beautiful, and relaxing. That painting in my room is of this place. I own a cottage a few kilometres from the center of town, no neighbors around. Just you, me, and a breathtaking view.” He looked down at Tony, feeling a sudden surge of affection for him. “Oh, and there’s also views of nature and such.”
comfortable.” When Steve’s eyebrows pulled together in confusion, she continued. “The lad adores you. You haven’t seen the way he looks at you but I have. Now I’m not sure that means anything more than what it is, but I can promise ya haven’t run him off.”
“Yes, please,” James said, his stomach growling at the mention of food and he got up to see what was on offer. He swayed the tiniest bit, leaning against Steve.
“Of course,
He put a hand on either side of Tony’s face, gently tipping it up and catching his lips in a kiss. Tony tasted like coffee and he smelled like apples. It was enough to drive a man with less control crazy. Steve let out his third sigh in less than five minutes and pulled away from Tony’s lips, staring into his eyes.
“I stare at him every free minute of the day. Even while he sketches or reads,” Tony added, more to himself than to Clint, before getting up to get a glass of water for himself. The sooner they got them out of there, the better.
“Morning, baby.” Clint blushed. “Steve?”
There was a brief silence and then, “I miss you too.” Clint wanted to hug the phone but instead he told her he missed her too. “Good because I’m on my way. Lombardi’s or John’s?”
It's official - Tony and Benni are part of the family. Steve makes a last minute purchase thanks to a connection of James'. Steve and Tony finally get away on their holiday.
“They did. They do. And we will find them and do better,” Steve said firmly, turning to James with that signature ‘Steve Rogers Will Tear The World Apart To Get What He Wants’ look.
James smiled, kissing him. “You worried about me, Barton?”
“Thank you,” he said and looked at the floor. Why did he bother Steve with things like that?
Tony hummed happily when he was praised. There wasn’t much he liked more than what Steve could do to him. It left his mind blank, making it impossible to think about his anxieties or bad memories. “That was
While Tony waited for some sign from Clint that he was okay or that he wanted Tony gone, he thought about how truly terrible this situation must be if you couldn’t hear anything.
“I told you before that I don’t care if you robbed a little old lady to give me the money for my hearing aids. My only issue was taking your money in the first place, not where it came from. I told you I forget sometimes what exactly it is that you do. That’s not because I make myself do that so I can bear to be around you. I just have a shitty memory and I don’t see you as James the mob boss. I see you as James who sleeps like a rag doll and gets excited over science like a big ol’ nerd.”
Steve goes back to drying the cup.
Clint shushes them, and a handful of popcorn lands in their laps, and whatever Tony was going to say is spoiled, expired, so Steve plops a kernel in his mouth and chews.
The server comes around then, refilling their water glasses with a soft sort of smile, and Tony’s gone a bit wild behind the eyes.
“It’s yours now, Steve. Number 43.”
"Why Steven, I thought we had something."
The radio is playing, something low and lovely, and Tony is humming, soft under his breath. Dust filters through the light, drifting and floating, sinking to the linoleum and settling along the tiles. Tony's hair is long, curling at the base of his neck, sticky from the sunshine. And Steve is taking it all in. Memorizing the lines of this beautiful moment, the curl of Tony's lip, the lilt of his voice. There is static in his heart, buzzing and blurring, and Steve can feel the possibility, the steady hum of excitement that lingers under the summer sun.
"Did you even read them?"
Coffee, Steve. Focus on the coffee.
---------------------------
“Does it count?” Steve asks, melting in the middle like the stars and the evening, empty lungs and pink cheeks, but all Tony does is smile.
Pepper had that pinched look in her face, the kind that said, "you are so getting your ass handed to you", so Tony took a sip, hot on his tongue, and now his face was pinched, gathering wrinkles as the seconds flew by, and really this is-
----------------------------------
"Aren't you going to take my order?"
"Some old thing," Tony says, already back to fiddling with the parts on the table, "like the Jarvis of the 2000's or whatever."
Steve's Reason Not to Kiss Him #1: You can’t put him back together if you shatter this thing first
“Anyway, the guide to a perfect cookie: Soft, but not too soft. Gooey, not doughy. Thin, but not brittle. And enough chocolate chips to drown that kid from Willy Wonka.”
"Shh. What do you want," he whispered, and his hand slipped back through Tony hair, fingernails running along his scalp.
Tony fiddles with the stove, turning the oven on pre-heat and grabbing two aprons off the hook.
“No?”
“You have to,” Tony says, soft as a song, but he won’t stop crying, “You have to. I can’t.”
Tony is scratching at some equation, busy mind scattered neat across lined paper, and Steve is on break, tracing the lines of his body with a careful eye.
Tony scoffs, and the sky seems to catch on his lashes, golden wash of daylight that paints him warm.
“No idea.”
"It's enough, Clint."
When he turns around, his smile is watery, drenched in something desperate, but he’s smiling.
“The brightest,” Tony says, crying with a stillness that nudges at his smile, “right next to the big dipper.”
There are moments where the world is a hush. Where the seconds between them fall quiet like pennies, drip to their toes and pool between ankles. There are moments where moments feel like mountains, where they pull and climb and reach, where the silence sounds like oceans to their heartbeats. There are moment where nothing is said, and everything is soft, and quiet palms reach through darkness to press kisses at pulse points.
Summer bends low on the lip of the Wayside, melt of the sky that curves towards the valley, shadow shake of august that blows with the breeze. The sky is set yellow, burning at the edges, creasing at the corners and catching on the pavement, all dry mouth humid and sticky cheeked swelter.
“You’re such a boy scout.”
Tony pockets a fist full of fortune cookies on their way out, and all he says is, “What? You never know when we’ll need a bit of guidance.”
“No, I cleaned her up, changed, and carried on class.”
Tony sat down at the most beautiful table he had ever seen. Everything was rich and beautiful. Even the people in the house. Sarah had a timeless beauty about her and if he didn’t know that she had a grown son, he wouldn’t suspect her to be old enough to have him. James seemed cold at first but he wasn’t. Both Steve and he were strong, tall, well-built men but they were more different than he had realized. He couldn’t help but admire James’ face and his eyes. What color were they? They seemed grey, sometimes even whitish and yet with a hint of green and a lot of blue.
And then five minutes was up, Steve’s peace was crumbling and he couldn’t keep his eyes shut, a different issue coming to the foreground and James went to the back for now.
Tony closed his eyes, feeling Steve’s breath on his face. He still felt heavy and sad that Steve thought he wouldn’t make it but something about the way he kissed him told Tony that he had not given up yet. And that was the part Tony would keep alive.
“Steve,” he said, using the name he rarely ever did. Steve’s eyes cracked open and he looked up at him, waiting for his question. “You want me to call your usual place?”
“What’d you learn in school today?”
“Keep your arms here. Keep these muscles taut and your wrist like this,” he explained, positioning it and then his right hand slid back to press underneath Tony’s bicep with the palm of his hand. “Firmer,” he commanded and Tony obeyed.
“It’s Clint’s dog. Let him introduce you and be nice, you hear me?”
tired. It hadn’t been a particularly long day but it was amazing how exhausting worry could be and James had been worrying about Clint all day, all week really, but he was glad to see that Natalia seemed to have improved his mood by quite a lot. Clint looked… refreshed.
“And how long exactly do you plan on keeping your hostages?” Steve asked, unable to settle on any other term because he didn’t want Bakuto knowing their names and he certainly wasn’t about to say ‘our fellas’ over the phone for Bakuto to hear. He was most likely recording this entire conversation and admitting to something like that out loud would put Steve and James right back where Steve was this past summer.
“If it weren’t for these stitches,” Steve said, his voice low and his words slightly slurred, “I’d take you right here on this bed.” He gripped a handful of Tony’s bottom, kissing his neck again.
Tony listened, his smile growing with every sentence he heard. It was exactly what he wanted to hear, it wasn’t dark or terrible and it taught him more about Clint. “That’s really funny. It’s weird to think that you’re married and it’s not James.”
Tony flinched when he heard the knock simply because he didn't expect it. “Clint!” he exclaimed happily and got up to hug the other man. “You look so different! It’s so good to see you.” He let go, afraid that he had hurt his friend unintentionally. And suddenly he felt bad that he hadn’t visited him. “Come sit with me. You want coffee?”
“You didn’t,” he muttered, still trying not to fall asleep.
Rhodey smiled and then clapped a hand onto Steve’s back, patting it a few times. “Well, have you tried asking him?”
Tony finished brushing his teeth, which gave him a few extra seconds to answer Steve. Not that he didn’t know what he wanted to say but when it came right down to it, he was still not sure about speaking his mind openly.
“Not that smart. I mean he stole from us. Us,” James repeated emphatically. He walked around to the other side of the desk, sheathing his knife and planting both hands firmly on top of the desk. “We can’t separate and we only have one shot.”
“A shower, ideally. My office upstairs has one we can use and then I’d really like to get that drink,” James suggested, Steve nodding and following him towards a private elevator to the top floor.
Tu hail il mio cuore - you have my heart
Steve dusted out the drawers upstairs and unpacked a few of their things, just enough to find the change of clothes he was looking for. He shrugged out of his suit jacket, waistcoat, and button-up. He removed his suit pants and instead changed into a softer material trouser and a simple white tee shirt. They were away from everyone and living the simple life, he needn’t be dressed up.
Tony’s movements answered the questions Steve had. Maybe he wasn’t interested, maybe he was curious, but whatever happened, he wasn’t protesting and Steve held him loosely enough still that he could move away if he wanted.
Steve laughed. “No, it’s just a good mornin’ is all. You need to start?” He was looking at the bags under Dugan’s eyes and downward pull of his mouth; the way his hands were gripping the steering wheel so tightly his knuckles had gone a worrying shade of pale.
on purpose.” He looked at Tony, trying to gauge his reaction. “Sad Steve is going to hit hard and it’s not going to be pretty. It always does, so now especially so. I can be here if you want, or I will let you handle it yourself. Up to you.”
“Hey there, boyo, pleasure finally making your acquaintance. I’ll give ya a proper squeeze when you’re feeling a wee bit better.” Her other hand was resting on Benni’s shoulder and he looked up at her with a smile that she returned. “This wee
Sarah was quiet a moment and then her expression changed from scared and worried to hard and cold. “James.” He looked over. “You do
“Not right now but come here.”
By the second night he was used to the up and down, the soft swaying of the ship, and the sound of the water and the engines. There wasn’t much to do apart from reading and looking out at the sea, not that Tony minded that. Thanks to Steve’s constant spoiling he was used to not being productive all day everyday.
“Aw, pet. Don’t cry,” she consoled him, taking his hand. James watched on quietly, standing on the other side, his hand a comforting weight on Clint’s shoulder. “There’s plenty of me to go around. I’m gonna head back and see Tony but I’ll drift between the rooms, alright?”
“I don’t understand.”
After their lunch, Tony made coffee for them and sat down with Sarah in the living room.
a fire,” he said, looking out the window. Steve smiled hearing Bucky say ‘my Sam.’
In their own room down the hall, having excused themselves as well, Steve was lying beside Tony now, still panting a little as he watched Tony come down. Tony’s chest and other body parts were sticky from the whipped cream and Steve only hoped he hadn’t hurt him giving Tony what he wanted.
When her glass was empty, she headed to the kitchen and he followed her, turning off the light in the study. They went upstairs together and he kissed her goodnight and she went to her room.
“Tony, Tony, Tony,” were all the words Steve could manage during the come down. Reluctantly, he pulled out of him and collapsed beside him, a hot mess. He was breathing hard and he looked over to check on Tony.
“I can try, I guess.” He nodded and watched her pour Sherry into small glasses and carry them into the living room.
, because I worried you’d think I was a pervert,” Steve said quietly. “But as far as I’m concerned, I love you for you, not for your age.” He wanted that firmly in Tony’s head with no doubts.
Tony frowns, low stretch of something that chips at his teeth.
"Hey, what are you- Give that back!"
And then he turns, smile all summer and sugar, and he starts to speak.
Tony grins.
“That’s kind of stupid,” Steve says giggling, “Time is a game?”
"Yep. And I've got a great idea for the new one."
"Not fucking well," and that's a weak argument to begin with, but Steve just shakes his head, and runs a little faster.
No, really. Fuck that guy.
"I may have gotten a little carried away," he smiles, sheepish, "I don't think those will fit in the jar."
"Fuck you," says Tony, but it's not quite working, causing he's laughing while he says it, and he doesn't know quite how to quit.
Steve leans against the doorframe, all pink cheeks and wide eyes. Tony lets out a muffled sound, struggling with his watch.
They do their homework together, tucked into the vinyl between shifts, bumping elbows and sharing smiles.
Steve hums, reaching for the cup in Tony's hand.
And the sky is dragging along the concrete, scratching at the sidewalk with a heat that’s all teeth, and Steve is a puddle in his shoes for a piece of paper.
“Let’s do it.”
"Not for mine," Tony jokes, and he's leering, eyebrows downturned, staring at him with the stupidest grin on his face, but Steve is struck by just how beautiful he is.
“Is there a strike?” she asks, and Tony just shakes his head.
When it’s over, they get cheeseburgers. Steve tells jokes till the night is soft, but Tony never seems to catch his breath.
Steve always knew he was beautiful.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Are you saying you’re
"Hey, Steve, do you- oh shoot," Clint says, dropping his voice to a whisper, "is Mom asleep?"
"Do tell," says Steve, and there he goes, those are words.
Steve squints.
"Saw a preview," says Steve, dishrag in his hand, "thought it looked good. Any interest?"
And then he was smiling at Steve, so pretty and lovely and, and, Steve can’t think up many other words for him, not when he's standing there and still smiling, so he nods.
He huffs, brow furrowing, knitting together, and his face shouldn't look this cute scrunched up.
"You could have died," says Steve, and his cheeks are pink, but he's angry, words falling sharp from his tongue, spilling over and bubbling from his chest with the urge to hit something, anything.
“Yep.”
They sit in silence, blinking at the sky as it blinks back, Tony’s finger still held at Polaris like the touch might ground him.
"Oh?"
"Alright, fair maiden, what is this Oh-so-dramatic lie you've told?"
Steve Rogers says nothing.
Reason #4: He drinks too much
"I love you," Tony whispers a third time, just because he can.
“Fine. A month’s worth of calamity.”
Tony looks at him, uncertain shake to the curve of his cheek, but he’s smiling.
"I'm worried, man," said Clint, and his voice was earnest this time, hushed and steady.
The two hours they spend mopping up the water? Totally worth it.
But nothing in the future is quite as confusing as Tony Stark.
“Are you,” Steve says, quite lightly, “fucking serious?”
"Allow me to turn on the AC," says Steve, fixing Tony with a dry look, and making to reach for the thermostat.
----------------------------
"Tony? Tony, honey, what's wrong?"
He just wants Tony to come back.
And what can Steve do but join him?
“Seriously? That’s what we’re spending the last month of summer doing?”
“You might be better off with the ass cobb,” Ashley says.
Tony Stark walked into Steve Rogers' coffee shop at nine a.m. on a Saturday morning, and Steve, stubborn and fierce and whole, promptly forgot how to speak.
The sun pours heavy on the grass, shaking at the concrete with warm intentions, and the trees lay shadows like old friends, sinking to the dirt and biting at the heat. Steve presses fingers to the brush of Tony’s arm, grabbing for the sheet as Tony jerks it from his reach.
"I'm Tony," the boy says, and it’s every song he never heard on the radio all at once.
----------------------------------------
He clasps the watch closed, and leaves.
It’s enough to leave Steve breathless himself.
And then Ashley smiles, and it’s an easy kind of thing, quick as smoke and heavy as lead.
Tony levels him with a look, cool, down the brim of his nose, and Steve just snorts at him.
-----------------
Tony kisses him again.
“You did it,” Steve says, soft as a kiss in the hum of the evening.
“Don’t tell me you’re counting this as a date,” he says, and then he’s grabbing at Tony with both hands, tugging his close till they’re sharing space, bump of noses and the taste of proximity.
“Not the whole world.”
And he's crying, thick wet tears that roll down his face, and when he reaches the end of the tub, there's a single star left at the bottom.
Steve glances up from the newspaper, and his heart rattles in his chest. There Tony stands, sticky hands and apron clad thighs, and he smiles.
Steady.
“You’ve got to be kidding me.”
“You changed their worlds,” he says.
The black of the night is heavy where it lands, and it seems to stick in the hollow of his throat. The dark pools in the shadow of his rib, rubs at the silence in Tony’s own jaw, nips at his chest where Tony’s smile sits, Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony and dim sum and Kroger bags and paper mâché miracles.
Tony Stark is a man of self-preservation, but Steve Rogers loves like he could moves mountains. Steve Rogers is soft, and bright, pink in the morning and blue in the night. He's a sure bet. Tony Stark is a thing of nerves, but Steve Rogers loves like he isn't. Like he knows what he is, and just doesn’t care.
Steve feels like he's falling. Down, under, deep into something he can’t crawl out of. And then he's sighing, warm breaths in and out, and whose tongue is that, his or Tony's? There is a second heartbeat in his throat, firm beside his own, and suddenly he's smiling, wide and tongue and teeth, and he bumps Tony's nose, but he doesn't seem to care. Just smiles back, grips the back of Steve's neck till the angles just right, till the hum in his ears is steady and full and so is he.
“Who?”
“Here, let me see it.”
“What?”
The woman shakes her head, a dizzy sort of thing, and she looks tired, older in a moment, like she’s had a lifetime of heavy moments.
------------
He curls them into fists when they finally get off.
, fists full of fabric and the weight of Steve’s jaw, pressing and pooling until there’s no space between them left to be filled, till there’s a rib someone near that’s not quite his, like the lung and the heart and the stars in his chest are atoms he doesn’t know.
“Time is a game,” he just says, and then he’s crying, really crying, the sort that’s all moans and spit, “Time is a game, and I want to play.”
Tony stops.
"Come here so I can kiss you, Tony Stark."
And it’s so funny, months and months of push and pull, and here he goes, waters of the well of his heart that go spilling out onto the tile, and when he looks up, Tony's so small.
mountain.
Tony hands him something.
It's funny. The more he understands Tony Stark, the more his eyes catch on fingers that twiddle between coffee cups, the more he understands the world. He is sharp, and fast, and dirty, and New York City knows his hands as well as Steve.
“I have to say yes to something I’d normally say no to.”
Tony is half asleep, all soft breath and dewy smiles, and when he looks at Steve it's so lovely he thinks he might kiss him.
“Just fix it.”
And then he met Tony.
The sky is spilling to the pavement, ruddy run of wishing that’s all Orion, and Tony won’t stop crying.
,’ he thinks, ‘
“Okay?”
The urge to breathe swept through him, urging then adamant, till Tony leaned back, a breath away and fell to whispering, ardent and hushed and reverent, "I love you. I love you, god, do I love you."
-----------------------------
"Hand me that knife, will you?"
He means it.
He just keeps laughing, press of the brush to the scratch of the page, all thin wash of white that melts to the page, and then he stops.
Reasons #74: Sometimes he smiles like he's forgotten how to do it
He woke up in a world that shakes and rattles, brightens when it ought to dim, dances when it should be sleeping. Steve Rogers sweats through the shock, runs through the ache, attempts to steady his hands when they shake with fright. Steve rogers is hoping, praying, nudging broken bones and tired limbs just to stay awake in the city that never sleeps.
“Just him.”
And Tony just laughs, clear and bright and desperately soft.
“Ashley,” Steve says, quiet as a shadow, “Ashley’s mountain.”
Summer had begun to dip into fall, right there in Café au Lait, a little brick and mortar building tucked between a flower shop, and old Mr. Jones' bicycle store. It was the kind of place where time stood still, sticky fingers begging dollar and dimes, sweaty hands passing change around in search of caffeine. The morning was bright, sticky sunshine dripping warm onto the pavement, spilling onto coffee and slick-warm bodies. The air was thick with heat, the kind of warmth that felt parched, all sweat soaked strangers crammed toe to toe in subway stations and busy terminals.
"We use paper cups here," and he's trying to make a double shot iced vanilla latte, but Tony is insistent, following him down the cue.
And then the stars are spilling into the tip jar, hundreds of them, and Steve feels that too familiar bubble in his chest, the one that aches whenever Tony's near.
And Steve listens, because he’s warm and fuzzy and a little bit dizzy, breathing in the weight of this moment, tucked against Tony like he’s settled in his rib.
"A year and a half, and you don’t even know I've been flirting with you the entire goddamn time."
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Steve, I-"
“I want a divorce.”
"Yeah, that's. Okay."
"Are you wearing my shirt?"
'You are nothing but empty lungs without him.'
A year and a half, and a thousand secrets he never thought to read.
Tony pokes him with a chopstick.
And Tony fixes him with a glare, but he doesn't reach for the cup, so Steve considers that his good deed for the day.
“What?”
Steve hadn’t noticed that she was beautiful.
“You did change the world,” Steve says.
'You are oceans and skies and moons and I love you,' he wants to cry.
'Make a wish,' Steve thinks, and his eyes are drifting closed, slow as honey, unfolding every moment he never knew existed, every piece of them that got tucked into paper corners and hidden away.
Tony Stark is a man of self-preservation. He built a heart out of steel so no one could break it, built it again just to do it better, wrapped iron round fists so no one could see his hands shake. He is no sleep, eight cups of coffee, always better, always more. Drinks whiskey like it's cheap and loves like it isn’t. But Steve Rogers is filling in the gaps, the wounds, doesn't let him reach for the bottle, kisses shaking fingers like it costs him nothing, and Tony lets him. He lets him.
Steve is suddenly furious.
Tony Stark is all busy and bright and future, and Steve Rogers is still shaking, still tired. There is still water in his lungs, and they rattle when he yells, "big man in a suit of armor. Take that off and what are you."
Steve Roger’s bucket list:
"Hello, chef hard at work here. I've got gunk on my hands. Stop being a freeloader and come help me make dinner."
“He didn’t die,” Steve says, “to drown you have to die, but he was fine.”
"Smart house movie?"
Tony’s laugh, though breathless, was lovely as ever.
"Yeah, sorry. Your room was closer."
“Yes you did,” Steve says, “You said ‘if you don’t get your license, I’m divorcing you.’”
Tony reaches back into the freezer, but before he can grab the ice, Steve is turning on the tap, water bubbling through the spout and pouring out through the tube, covering him in water.
And then they're slipping, tripping over their own feet to grab hold of the sprayer. Steve reaches it first, tugging the spout free from the tile, coiled around the mop and still spewing water. The floor is slick, smooth, and is that soap?
Steve and Tony are pressing toes into pavement twelve minutes before midnight, scrubbing at their eyes two feet from the front door of Everything but the Kitchen Ink, and Steve thinks he’d kill for a cheeseburger right about now.
When he finishes, he hands the change back to the boy, sliding pennies into his palm and taking care not to touch. He smiles again, nods his head, and Steve has a moment to think what a lovely kind of perfect this all felt, and then he's off, gone, sliding down the que to meet his coffee.
"Are you from Starbucks? Because I like you a latte."
“So where do we start?” Steve asks, capping the pen and then popping it back off.
And it's warm in the workshop, but this thing between them feels warmer, blinding and hot, and Steve swallows down the ache, the need. There is a beat of silence, in which nothing is said, and Steve takes a breath.
Quick.
'Make a wish,' Steve thinks, soft and lonely and sad, 'Made a wish, and it's you.'
And he means it, true and firm and good. And then suddenly Tony’s standing, up up up, and clearing the counter, spilling into Steve's space like he knows he belongs. There is a heartbeat of a moment where the world is silent. Where nobody moves, and nobody speaks, and then Steve Rogers is kissing Tony Stark.
A year and a half, and a million wishes he never knew were made.
"A little help?"
This one begins with a star. An ocean of time, and a cold cup of coffee. Two boys, a bill, and a smile.
The sun is heavy in the sky, low hang of silence that pools at their feet, sticky hush of darkness that drips down their backs, and Steve can’t take his eyes off the way the stars melt the shadows on Tony’s face a cool sort of blue.
“Yes, fun. Come on, you’ll love it. We’ll change the world or something.”
Always, forever, etc.
Steve supposes he ought to come up with a new list.
-----------------------------------------
“You have time,” Steve says, holding him like he might disappear, “It’s okay, Tony, you have time.”
Reason #14: He still cuts the crusts off his sandwiches
“’Time does not change things’,” he reads, “’You change them yourself.’”
Tony.
Steve blinks.
"You know where we are, Anthony."
"I love you too. God, are we idiots, huh?"
"What do you think about this? 'Sex sells. Unfortunately we sell coffee.'"
Steve swallows then, once, twice, nervous. The urge feels catastrophic, suddenly, fingers itching to touch and tangle, bury themselves in cotton and never let go.
nice.
Tony left a plate with food on the dinner table and did the dishes, currently waiting for water to heat up on the stove. His blood froze when he heard the downstairs door opening and the heavy footsteps on the stairs. It had been a good day. Maybe Howard would fall asleep in front of the TV as he usually did and everything would continue to be good.
He’d noticed on his nights awake that Tony didn’t do much sleeping either and the few times he had passed his room in the middle of the night to get himself water or just to roam his house until he got tired, he’d noticed Benni’s empty bed and figured he must’ve been sleeping in bed with his brother again. He hoped the boy was alright or at least would be a little better soon. He hoped Tony would as well. Sometimes he considered checking to see if Tony wanted to talk but he didn’t trust himself not to do something stupid and selfish again like fall asleep in the guy’s arms.
Steve nodded. James always had been better at knowing and recognizing the body’s limits. Instead of having his turn to let off some steam, he leaned against the wall in the dark, damp room, James beside him still cleaning off his knuckles with a handkerchief.
"Yep. 'Java successfully installed.' Get it? Coffee joke."
He was Steve's.
“I said I don’t want it,” he says again.
"Clint's idea. Something about that smart house movie. I don’t even know if he knows what he's talking about, but it seemed like a good idea at 3am."
"I know."
“They say,” he says, slow as molasses and biting at his cheek, “that as long as you can find Polaris, you can find home.”
"That new Sandra Bullock thing? Yeah, it looked okay. You check the times?"
And then he’s crying.
‘1001 Ways to Make Tony Stark Smile’ has a nice ring to it.
'Date? Call me!'
Tony doesn't pick up the phone. He calls, and calls, and there's Tony, laughing as he tells you he'll call you back, provided you're Steve, and not to bother leaving a message.
“You shouldn’t.”
---------------------------------------
Forty-two promises. Forty-two wishes. A Chinese thank you from the boy from Xu Yuan, a breathless joke from the woman on the bus, a napkin sketch from Ashley and
It's movie night, and Tony's got his feet in Steve's lap. Something Disney is playing on the screen, and Clint is singing along. The sky is a pinhole outside the windows, dark and small and empty, but there's nothing inside but laughter. The lamp sits in the corner, dim and soft, and Steve's got nothing but time.
He outgrows 101 pretty quick. Tony is all hands and mouth and movement, quick and unrelenting, and the pages grow longer by the second.
"You know, the coffee isn't the only thing hot in here."
“With your bucket list.”
Steve is pink cheeked just looking at him, and the chill that creeps up his spine as the breeze blows cold through the open door barely bothers him.
"Steve."
'No,' Steve would think, settling into vinyl that creaked and moaned,
A year and a half, and a love letter that takes up half the damn sky, and he didn’t even know it.
There is a beat, a heart thump of a moment where something jumps in Tony's jaw, and then it's gone. Steve is suddenly very, very tired.
Tony stops, lifting his head to settle on the arm of the couch, and he stares and stares. Pink cheeked and beautiful, Steve licks his lips once, then twice, self-conscious. Tony shakes his head, suddenly aware of how ridiculous this whole thing is, but absolutely desperate to see where it takes him.
“I think that’s wonderful.”
“Oh, it definitely does not.”
They break in such an ordinary way.
Tony just hums, heaving a breath as the sky melts through his shirt, sticking at his back as he tugs his collar in search of something cool.
"I think it's called a hand sprayer," Tony says, inches from his back still, and didn't Steve just make death threats about this?
“You brought up the chocolate factory thing!”
And he draws out a sheet of paper, all blank white parchment and clean lines, and he says, “What are you looking to have done?”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
'We don’t need coffee to make it steamy in here.'
"I'm trying to get you in bed, aren’t I?" Steve jokes.
When Steve opens his eyes again, Tony is gone.
They are sitting in the kitchen. There is a pot of coffee going, and Steve can smell it in the air. He is tired, fresh on nightmares and the heavy rap of his pulse in his throat. The kitchen is warm, sticky breaths in the heat of summer, seeping up from the floorboards to lodge in their ribcage. They are leaning heavy on their chairs, feet flat on the tiles and sticking with a plop.
She gets off at the next stop, and Steve bumps his elbow.
Steve let go and shoved Loki back towards the stairs. James followed while Dmitri and Dugan checked out the upstairs and went through Loki’s documents.
image of you is long gone,” Tony laughed.
“Well, Clint doesn’t have any negative feelings attached to this—” James cut himself off, looking around the room slowly, silent and Steve did the same, not understanding.
“The boys as well?”
Steve grinned. “Well, I decided to not only do something I like but also to share a little more about me.” He filled himself a portion as well and tasted it, overjoyed with the turnout. “This is a traditional Irish stew. My mother taught me to make it. She taught me to make all of this but, like I said, I had a little help with some of it.”
Some days when James woke, Clint was already awake. He would just be staring blankly at the wall or the ceiling but it was very clear that he was a million miles away. At first James would talk to him, touch his hair, ask if he was alright and sometimes Clint would answer verbally but more often than not he would just nod. James came to understand not long after that these mornings were caused by nightmares. He also learned that not all of Clint’s terrible nightmares made him lash out—some just shut him down—so he had to be extra vigilant to catch them.
Steve chewed his bottom lip, sighing, not breaking eye contact. This was so much harder than he thought it would be. “No,” he said again. “I’ll stay here another two days. Three at the most and then I have to go back. There’s… a lot I’ll need to do myself.”
After that she changed the topic to something else—something about the latest movie—his mind still processing his thoughts and feelings. While he walked Pepper home and hugged her goodbye he still wasn’t done processing.
Steve! All these thoughts flooded Tony the moment he was coming to. He sat up quickly, immediately regretting it.
“Mine too. Abusive drunk,” Clint admitted, figuring Tony was implying the same. “I do like alcohol, though, but I’m with you. Brandy’s my go to, smooth and sweet.”
Tony watched him, not knowing what to make of the whole situation. Nothing seemed to make sense anymore. The warm hand on his knee made him feel something. Something he hadn’t felt in a long time. “Why does anyone need to do it? I’ve taken care of all and any wounds.” Even in his own ears he sounded weak. Howard was right. Tony was disgustingly weak.
Steve was so happy to hear that voice he almost couldn’t control himself. He only barely stopped the fingers that wanted to brush Tony’s hair out of his face or the desire to plant a kiss on his forehead. Instead, in his usual manner, he smiled but kept a slight distance, no longer touching Tony’s hand.
He sighed, letting his mind wander and he quickly found his attention divided. On one side there was his beautiful, deadly partner who loved him right there in front of him and on the other there was Tony and Steve’s house and living there temporarily. He knew, he felt it in himself, that that awful crushing weight on his chest got lighter around Tony. He wanted that feeling again and he hoped it was the same for Tony.
When they’d finished dinner, James helped Clint upstairs and they made their way to the bathroom first. Clint had learned to not take bathing for granted and he wanted to be clean before he got into their bed.
He lunged at Steve with a knife but Steve caught the sound of his shoe on the rough ground and moved with a second left, grabbing him by his arm and snapping it. The boy screamed and in no time Dugan was downstairs.
“Actually,” he said, thinking about Bucky's suggestion, “swing a right here on Bedford, Romanoff. There’s a good place at the end of the street. Saves us the extra travel.” It wasn’t a lie but if he had an ulterior motive too, well, that was his business.
Without a single doubt in his mind, the worst time, his lowest mood drops, were when he needed to use the bathroom. Tony—sometimes James—had to help him get out of the bed because he was trying really hard not to tear anymore stitches. Then they supported him to the toilet because apparently he couldn’t walk seven feet anymore. From there he could work things out on his own. Now. In the earlier weeks there had been some difficulty in trying to get the hospital gown up while positioning everything else.
“So, he’s safe?” Tony mumbled and forced his eyes open again to watch Winter answer him. He was as unreadable to Tony as Mr Rogers but he still wanted to see his face when he answered.
“Nah, just waiting for someone worth my time,” Clint retorted. The man sneered and bent down to be in Clint’s space.
“And the system applies for the whole house,” Tony said, getting a nod of approval from Sam.
“You don’t talk to me that way, you hear me?” Howard growled and even though Tony was used to his father being angry, this was on a whole different scale. Slowly he nodded, not daring to say a word.
It was almost two hours later that Steve and James returned, blood spattered and drained. The moment they walked in, Natalia was rounding the corner for them, still pissed that she hadn’t been allowed to join.
“Boo,” Clint complained, “can I at least get some coff—”
“Hey,” James said, reaching up to hold his face. “You have nothing to be sorry about. You can’t help who you love, Steve. Do I wish it were me? Yes, but I had a feeling you loved him. I just figured better I get it out then keep it in forever. I can move on. Slowly,” he said, echoing Sarah’s words. He wouldn’t drag her into this. Nothing that happened was her fault. In fact, it did feel good to finally say it even if his heart hurt at knowing once and for all that the love was unrequited.
“Same as mine. I’m assuming you know my schedule.”
“I promise,” Steve told him. “I love you.”
“Why are you guys in here?” He asked.
For a second Tony got anxious that Steve was about to give him one of his signature looks of disappointment or maybe a questioning look because Tony was behaving a certain way. When neither turned out to be the case and he instead received a soft, lingering kiss, he relaxed again.
Clint fell back onto the mattress and the men left, the food—thankfully—was still there but it was half on the tray and half on the floor.
“What’s that supposed to mean, Gabe? Got somethin’ta say? Say it.”
When Tony was gone, Dugan immediately came back in with his sandwich, annoyed that he’d been kicked out in the first place.
“When are we leaving?” he asked softly, not wanting to ruin the mood.
James was trying his hardest not to push, not to demand information, because he knew it had to be hard but dammit if he didn’t want to just sit Clint down and not move until he talked. He had thought about that quite a few times. It honestly was starting to feel like the only thing that might work.
Then the boy asked about the food—beef Stroganoff—and even ate a second portion of it which was unusual for him and prompted Sarah to be playfully offended. Tony was happy that things weren’t tense or awkward during dinner.
Clint looked around as much as he could, still struggling and spouting nonsense, not able to hear the men telling him to shut up. He was pulled into another room. It was larger than his and Tony’s with wide windows and Clint could see the world outside. They were in some kind of office space. It seemed abandoned and Clint could still see water. The East river, he assumed.
“Hi?” Clint said, the word coming out as a question.
“I did. He wasn’t going to give us anything else useful.”
“I love that you’re immediately going for it to paint something for me but don’t force yourself, Picasso. I’ll take anything,
It had been two hours since Clint and Tony had been taken. The first fifteen minutes had been Sarah and Natalia trying to calm Steve and James down so they could think straight. It was a strange way for the two women to meet for the first time but, being the incredible women they were, they made it work. Jones took on the job of keeping Benni entertained, allowing the young boy to take him on a tour of James’ house seeing as he knew it better than Jones did.
Steve took his words in, squashing the terrible feeling in his gut, and finished what he was doing in silence, focusing on doing the kind of good job for which his mother would give him that look of approval. He sniffed and stood, moving back and away from Tony, letting him put his shirt back on.
was, and they both knew it. They hadn’t done their jobs to keep the ones they love safe. It was
“No, sir, that’s not it.” Tony did his best to relax even though he felt tense and trapped. “‘Edward’ is what Howard calls me. My name is Tony.”
.” Was he saying he wanted Tony? Making sure Tony wanted him?
Tony listened attentively, taking it all in and waiting for his turn to say something. “It would be nice to have you guys here. I don’t have experience with dogs but I trust you guys.” He squeezed Steve’s hand. “It’s just easier with Clint here,” he admitted, keeping his voice low. He felt bad that it was the way it was.
Although the idea of Steve and James not giving in did make him smile a little. He didn’t want them to. Yes, he wanted to go home and he wanted to be held by James again but he did not want James to give up anything to whatever asshole had taken them.
He got out of the bathroom in fresh underwear, getting dressed when there was a soft knock on his door.
“I’d rather dance with you at my wedding.” She swirled the remnants of her coffee in her cup, watching the dark liquid as if it were more interesting than anything she’d ever seen before.
“Oh my god,
“Oh, Mr Popov, I didn’t know you were still in there. I-I’m sorry.” The young man turned to Steve, visibly pale in the face and completely unsure how to handle the situation. Dmitri said nothing. Trying to maintain their pretense of having nothing to do with each other was always a nuisance. “Mr Rogers,” he began, swallowing dryly. “Sir, I—”
“Exactly! And stumbling upon—or rather through the living room window of—men like him are exactly
“Evening, all,” he said softly, looking at Tony only and then to his mother and Benni, “what are we all up to?” He laid his waistcoat across the back of a chair and came over to kiss his mother’s cheek and pat Benni’s head before talking his place beside Tony, throwing an arm around his shoulders and pulling him close. He kissed his temple and smiled, sighing contentedly.
Both were turned towards the source of the noise, smiling, happier now that their men had returned. James and Steve came into the kitchen with all the grace and elegance of a bull on rollerblades. Steve bumped into a chair and James stumbled a bit, the alcohol really hitting them now. They’d finished off their second bottle in the car.
“And is Falsworth not all the reason you’d ever need?” Jones looked away.
me to hurt you,” James said and Loki’s eyebrows knitted together as a smile spread across James’ face.
“It’s a power struggle. You have it, both of you, and he wants it.”
Tony felt so much better when he was offered food, it made him smile for the first time in weeks.
Another week went by and Beniamino had Christmas break, which made everything more tense since Tony had to look after him too. So he gave him small jobs around the store, which made all the dames giggle when they saw him in his way-too-big apron.
“Good evening, Mr Romanov. So lovely to have you and your guests dining with us tonight,” the man said. “Follow me.”
“You know, I really didn’t expect the two of you to be—”
“No, it does not,” he agreed bitterly. “It was good catching up, James.” Winter turned at the sound of his name, a curious expression on his face.
James felt a wave of mixed emotions so strong and confusing he wasn’t sure whether he wanted to cry or scream or both. His knees buckled and he supported himself with one hand on the desk in front of him.
. What did you two even talk about at dinner?”
“Hello,
Natalia and Maria were pressed up against each other in the back seat despite having more than enough space for them all to sit comfortably. Maria was nearly on Natalia’s lap and Natalia was pressing soft kisses to her cheek as Maria spoke, relating a story she found funny that had happened at work.
Tony knew what she was asking and why but it still made him wonder about a lot of things. Their lives were risky enough as it was. Add that to the mix and it would get even riskier. He wondered how many of their men knew. Did they care?
Clint sighed. He had missed what Tony said but he could guess the gist of it. There was no situation where Tony would say he was one of them.
“You’re too soft,
“And you, as someone who loves him, as his boyfriend and someone he loves, should know what that business is. You shouldn’t have to ask him. I’m not saying Steve is keeping things from you, but he’s also not entirely used to sharing that portion of his life with people. Doesn’t mean he shouldn’t with you.” James had had it with Steve not knowing how to function around Tony. If either of them were going to actually be good for one another, they would need to figure this out. Tony needed to ask and Steve needed to tell.
“Well, fuck me,” Jessica swore, kicking some litter that went flying into the street only to be run over by a bus. She looked up at the two men, chewing her bottom lip in thought, her hands on her hips. “Well, our arsonist was twenty fuckin’ feet away. You see anything, Barnes?”
Tony hummed, not knowing if he’d be able to speak. It was too good to be true. “You?” He mumbled, still hiding his face.
“Nah, I don’t think so,” he said, coming over to press a kiss to Clint’s forehead and then his lips, “you’re much cuter.” He stood and said he was going to find a drink, feeling at home in Steve’s house.
“I’m fine,” Tony confirmed with a smile. “Perfect even,” he added with his voice barely more than a whisper. The next song was even slower, so they were swaying softly. Tony was very aware of every little thing and at the same time his mind was empty and there was only Steve.
“The warehouse in Ditmars.”
“Hey, how’s the workload look for this Friday? As in, can I leave it to those cretins and spend my afternoon elsewhere?”
“Have you lot not eaten yet? It’s past dinner time,” Steve asking Clint and Tony, pulling a piece off and eating it because he was still tipsy and the thought of Tony or his mother telling him off hadn’t registered yet.
Steve stood and gently asked Benni and his mother to leave the room for now, closing the doors to the room and turning off the record that had been playing in the background. He came back over to Tony and sat down cross-legged in front of him.
“I just…” He shrugged. “I dunno. I guess I just figured you’d do
Tony was wondering where or when the topic of himself had ever come up for Clint to know but then again it was the same with Steve mentioning James’ fella. He nodded in response, not trusting his voice or his breathing. He missed everyone and he missed being in a warm, loving home.
At first he was eager to see Howard’s face on those targets but it seemed more distracting than helpful. Shooting things relieved a lot of built-up tension in Tony’s body.
“Thank you for sharing that with me,” James told him softly. He turned to look at him, offering a warm smile and Clint met his eyes and matched the smile.
Buon appetitto tutti (Italian) - Bon Appetit everyone
Tony watched and waited for the men to leave again in order not to antagonize them any further. Clint’s face was all colors of the rainbow by now and there was no need to add to that. He put his crumbled up jacket under Clint’s head and rested a hand on his shoulder. Mentally, he was already preparing to go out. Fifty left, twenty left, down thirty. Away from the river to a gas station. He could make a few calls with the change Clint had given him.
,” he groaned into his hands. It was stupid and impulsive and he was fairly certain James was getting the whole story from Clint right now.
Natalia and James exchanged a look when Maria finally made it over to the couch beside Natalia. “Sorry, I’ve just never been inside a mob boss’ office.”
“That’s all you want?” James asked, looking over at Steve, irritated even more now by Bakuto for drawing this out.
“Wouldn’t have it any other way,” was the simple reply.
“Mng,” Clint grumbled, not fully awake but James would take it. He felt his heart skip a couple beats and then he felt a laugh bubble up out of him, relieved and in pain all at once.
“Correct.”
Tony cooks, he learns to shoot, and he shoots.
Tony listened, suddenly feeling more than a little drained by the conversation. Not that he wasn’t enjoying himself. It was just that he had still a lot of catching up on sleep to do. “It’s easy to talk to you. There’s something about you that’s inviting,” Tony said before finishing what little was left of his coffee. “I’m sorry, I’m very tired all of a sudden. I think I’ll take a nap if that’s okay.”
“Insurance, huh?” he said, his right eyebrow raised and a cocky smirk on his lips.
“I may still be a little salty, yes, but this is mostly because I don’t want this,” he said, making a sweeping gesture that encompassed
Steve loved this soft version of Tony who pressed his face against Steve’s chest and mumbled happily. “Like a baby,” he answered with a chuckle. Steve remembered kissing Tony and of course the whole night but as soon as his head hit the pillow, he was out until now.
But there was a bigger part of him that knew his feelings were clear and that he was in love with Tony. Had been for a while. And while that part knew for a certainty how Steve felt, it made his chest ache to think that Tony may never return his feelings, may never even know he had them.
Steve rolled them so that Tony was laying on top of him and he ran his hands through his soft chocolate hair, tucking one particularly curly piece behind his ear.
Steve’s ears were so hot he worried his hair might catch fire and his face was quickly catching up temperature-wise. He dropped his gaze, unable to meet her eyes and she let go of his hand to hold his chin, tilting it up to look at her.
James took in a deep breath. At least five thoughts had gone through his head but they were decidedly all too intense to say out loud. He didn’t hate Tony, he just wanted Steve safe. “Do you know why he was shot?”
the boss. You’ll have to talk to her about that one but, way I see it, wait till you’re healed properly and she’ll likely start givin’ ya more to do.”
“You scared me!” Tony whisper-yelled. For a second he was sure he was back in his old home and his father would be behind him. The broken glass would have been enough for him to lash out.
“Never. Where he is, no one has ever left unless they were in a body bag,” James said, a viciousness underlining his tone that gave Clint confidence.
“Want to talk about it?”
Tony continued combing through Steve’s soft hair, his fingertips occasionally touching his earlobes. Who was dead, he wondered. Who would be worth mentioning? And then he realized who he meant.
“W-what are you doing here?” Tony asked, completely confused.
“You’re not going to let this go, are you?” He sighed when Steve just looked at him with a hint of a smile on those stunning lips. “Fine. Don’t blame me if it doesn’t sound good. You’ve been warned.”
James smiled again but it withered quickly. “Clint, I—”
, it never will be. Perhaps that is a sign to leave it be.”
about mixing alcohol gave him a headache—so maybe a one-night thing would be fine. Fun, even. Maybe exactly what he needed to get himself back out there for real.
Seeing as neither of them were bed bound like Steve he invited them over to talk to him and they accepted gladly. The bandages had been changed and wounds looked at. That only left food for them on Tony’s list. It had been a long day and Tony felt the weight of everything on his shoulders. Before he could focus on that or exhaustion he headed off to get food for them, giving the men some time alone with Steve.
“One at a time. Like the others,” Steve stated.
“The first is definitely worse for me.”
Steve looked down and ground his jaw before regaining his composure, going for his usual closed-off self. “I’m fine. Tony here yet?”
of questions and it was nice that he seemed genuinely interested in what Steve and the others did as well as
Clint tensed at first and then relaxed into the non-hostile touch, the warmth, and the soothing presence of someone else.
“Yes, sir.”
Tony lowered his hand, closed his eyes and exhaled, relieved. As he closed his eyes a single tear rolled down his cheek. He had to smile, almost laughed. “All this time,” he said with a small laugh and looked back to Steve, into those beautiful blue eyes. “Would you think less of me if I thanked you?” Tony asked, scooting closer to him, his good hand resting on Steve’s shoulder. He had to touch him. Make sure he was real, that all of this was truly happening and wasn’t just a cruel nightmare from which he would wake up too soon.
,” he cried in Italian and the lights were turned on. Sarah stood in the doorway, closing her dressing gown. Tony was on his knees, hugging his brother close. “You were gone. I thought you were gone,” Benni continued to cry, breaking Tony’s heart with his words and tears.
“He’s done well,” Steve said. “A quick learner.” James nodded as though he had expected as much and honestly, he had. “I think we should call it,” he told James, pointing with his head towards Tony who was now using the wall to support some of his weight, visibly tired.
“Sorry,” James apologized quietly and Clint shrugged as though it didn’t matter which actually made James feel worse and when he looked up, Steve was looking at him.
Their silence never felt charged or heavy and it was definitely something Tony appreciated about being with Steve. Laying there safe and warm and alone with him was soothing and helped him to relax and not think about anything in particular.
“So this is the range,” James said the next morning for Maria’s benefit because she had never been down there. He was giving the ladies their behind-the-scenes tour while Dmitri stayed upstairs to eat breakfast and Clint slept in.
“Does it still hurt?”
“For being there for me after they couldn’t be,” he said, referring to his parents who had died in a car accident when he was younger. “I’ll tell him. If for no one and nothing else then for you. Not right now though. He’s got enough going on worrying about Tony.”
Once they were out of earshot, Tony groaned.
“Any other questions?”
What was happening? Why? How? Was he jealous that he didn’t look anything like him? Was it gratitude because he had saved him? Was he so desperate for attention that his body reacted like
you—I see it—so don’t you go trying to say otherwise.”
They ate and chatted for a while, just catching up and exchanging funny stories. Natalia had a few more questions about their holiday to France and Maria had some questions about their house-sitting assignment.
Tony wasn’t so sure.
Steve would not die. He had promised Tony, he couldn’t back out on that.
Tony furrowed his brows in confusion. Why did he repeat his name the way he did?
“I, uh. Pleasure to meet you. Come in,” Phil said, stepping aside to let them enter. Jones and Vitaly exited the car and entered through the front the normal way so they could keep an eye on anyone who seemed suspicious entering.
He unlocked the door to the storeroom and was met with a gasp followed by a whispered curse.
“On your stomach, ass up,” Steve said. His pupils were blown solid black with the tiniest ring of sky blue around the edges, so lost in his desire for Tony.
James and Clint had spent the afternoon cuddled up together on the couch, Clint in his arms and Lucky curled into a tight ball at their feet, asleep.
“Very good,” Clint said, coming into the room. “Good morning.” He plopped onto the bed and fell across James’ lap. James bent to kiss him.
too. I don’t know what you two were doing but that boy is
“Hello
Tony got up to stretch his legs, hoping that would distract him from his hunger. He couldn’t find it in him to talk about Howard more than he already had. If he wanted to hurt himself more, he’d simply continue talking about how much he missed everyone.
“James,” Natalia began, “what’s the plan here?”
With what little thinking ability Steve hadn’t managed to kiss out of him yet, Tony reached over and yanked open a drawer to reveal everything Steve would need and Steve chuckled, the sound low and it made Tony squirm.
He was different. It was like he had been planning this from the start but he was an enemy Steve wasn’t sure how to fight.
A few minutes later they were changed and Tony had even managed to get Benni to wash his face before they headed downstairs to the kitchen. Between everything else Tony had neglected Benni and his needs. Something that he had never done before and he had no intention of repeating the same mistake twice. His feelings for Steve mattered even less even if his heart was racing when he saw him, he would simply have to ignore it.
“Your manky coffee almost made him sick,” Steve cried, wiping his eyes. “We can’t go on living like this, my friend,” he told Falsworth.
“It will do more harm than good. If I told him now it would be purely for selfish reasons.”
“Of course. All I want’s for them to be happy.”
Steve checked the clock for the first time in a while and decided to head home to shower, change, and get ready for his date. He felt a buzz of excitement when he thought about it.
happy
“I can’t depend on others to save me from this, Pepper. If I can’t make it on my own, I shouldn’t make it at all. Anyway, I guess you’re fired. Sorry.” He smiled and got up to continue working. Christmas was nearing and everyone was trying new things, spicing things up and spending money which wasn’t the worst time to do business but at the end of the day Howard left barely enough to cover for anything.
“So, this is Belfast.” He looked out of the window and watched the people and buildings pass by. It looked completely different from what he was used to, but also completely different from what he imagined. “It’s very different from New York.”
He chuckled. “Ignoring the part where I completely removed myself from your lives for months I’m guessing?” He glanced down at some papers on his desk and then back up at her. “I’m not being cold towards Steve. You know I care and it’s not just petty heartbreak keeping me up here and not down there but I met someone,” he told her, “and I like him. But being around Steve is hard. And confusing. I’d like things with this other one to work out so I can move on and things can go back to normal.”
He had slipped Clint’s spare hearing aids onto his ears and turned the volume down low enough that it would register but hopefully not shock him, having learned the volume he normally kept them on.
“They were here,” Steve said and if his voice sounded small and broken no one dared to comment on it. He opened his hand to reveal them to James.
Tony.
“I hope so,” Clint said, taking a piece of the bread and eating it slowly. Any other time he would have insisted on sharing but not when he felt how he did now. “I don’t think this is how they planned on us meeting.” There was a small smile on Clint’s lips. It was equal parts happy and sad.
“Still got enough to eat? Guess you won’t need this then!” the man laughed.
“You speak as if you were a hundred years old.” Tony chuckled and shook his head. “We’ll see, I guess.” First he needed to heal. Then came everything else.
Just like Tony said, it was slowly getting brighter outside until the low winter sun had risen and illuminated the room with its light.
It was three weeks since Steve had last seen Tony. They had not placed deliveries, Steve had not requested that he visited and he certainly had not visited the deli. He figured it was the best move to just leave him alone. He still kept a close eye on Howard or at least his and James’ men did and while he hoped this would improve things for Tony, it made things worse for Steve.
It was strange how comfortable Tony was around Sarah despite not knowing her at all. That of course didn’t mean that he liked being touched or that he wouldn’t flinch when she did. It had become an instinct and he had no control over it.
“And how much will you pay at the next visit?” Steve wasn’t unnecessarily cruel. He had a code and he had rules and if the rules were violated, the code dictated what must be done but he was no bully. He made his rules clear so when they were broken, there was no excuse for whining about punishment.
“Bye,” Michelle called, waving to Steve as they disappeared around the corner.
“Alright, lads, we’re here,” Pinky announced, turning off the engine and getting out. He immediately went to the trunk and didn’t bother opening their doors but Steve was present enough not to wait for him to do so.
“Pep, can I buy you a milkshake?” Tony asked, not ready to go back home just yet. Pepper was the only other friend he had and she felt like the only one right now who he wanted to talk to.
“The Commissioner?” Rhodey asked, surprised. “For a run-of-the-mill diner arson?”
Tony eyed the wheelchair and looked over to the wall that was separating him from Clint. It was very weird to be without him. Even though he got to curl up with Steve every night, which was much better and everything he had wanted, there was still a noticeable absence. “Alright.” He took Steve’s hand and sat down in the wheelchair.
James didn’t read, he didn’t distract himself with any work documents, he simply stroked his fingers through Clint’s hair and watched him sleep, grateful to have him back and even more grateful to have him in his life at all. James knew he loved Clint but he hadn’t realized just how much until there was a chance he might not see him again.
James and Clint temporarily move into the Rogers-Stark household and as a result of the world's weirdest sleepover, life becomes a bit more bearable for Clint and Tony. For Steve and James? Well...
. How he wanted to see his mother and sister again. While he still missed them dearly and would give a lot to see them again, Tony also knew that he was lucky and forever grateful to be where he was now.
And he was. When Steve woke up, his head was hurting and he felt like someone had put his back through a cheese grater. It hurt to breathe and it didn’t take long for him to figure out that his wrist was broken either. He sighed and took a moment. He was just grateful to be alive.
Tony nodded and leaned in to kiss Steve’s lips. “Don’t send me away then. You’re not alone in this.”
“Yes, please. Just you and me?”
“Works for me,” James said, now changed. He inhaled deeply again. “Let’s go.”
After he had hung up, he thought about giving Mr Rogers a call, seeing as Howard had left earlier. Having a way with numbers, Tony had memorized it from the piece of paper and called it.
He looked tired, Clint realized. His normally bright, grey eyes seemed dimmer, dark circles underneath them. The lines on his face seemed more pronounced, particularly around his mouth and Clint could see the way his smile ended in a slight downward tug.
Clint watched him, read his lips.
“Why did he do it?” Steve disregarded everything else Tony said. He wasn’t mad about Pepper, far from it. He just wanted to know if he should shoot Howard Stark in the knee or in both knees.
He could smell dust and dirt and metal when he really focused. He removed his other hearing aid and turned it off for the moment to really focus on smell. He couldn’t detect much more but it at least tipped him off to the fact that he was probably in an old warehouse, maybe an abandoned factory.
Mo chara (Irish Gaelic) - my friend
It was interesting for Clint to see James in this setting. It was new and he thought he would hate it but actually… it was incredibly attractive. Seeing the power James held and the way others instantly recognized it as well and behaved accordingly.
They talked another few hours and then Steve walked his mother upstairs to bed. He went in and sat on her bed while she talked from her bathroom, brushing her hair. Her room was so different from the others. Light blues and soft greens against the wood. Her bedding flowery and the picture frames around her room also intricate in their style.
They entered through Steve’s office building, taking the stairs down to the basement to access Steve’s home via the underground passage.
James was wiping a splatter of blood off his cheek when Steve spoke and he turned, taking back the knife that was being offered. He wiped it quickly, wrapping it in the handkerchief because he wouldn’t sheath it while it was dirty. Especially not with that animal’s blood.
“Stevie, love, it’s alright. You didn’t run him off. If anything it probably made him feel
“Hit it,” he told him. Tony looked shocked. “Come on, you know you won’t hurt me. Just give it all you got, one good punch.” When he seemed reluctant, Steve looked around until he saw James’ own boxing equipment. He picked up a pair of punching mitts and slid them on. “Better? Now hit as hard as you can.” Finally, Tony obeyed and threw a punch. Steve watched closely, noted his stance, his motions and follow-through, his wrist position and finger placement. When the fist found the glove, Steve felt it but only barely.
“Guys,” Clint said, his eyes focused on the space outside their room. He took in his surroundings while running his mouth to distract them from what he was doing. “Let’s talk this out like adults. Ow, that felt personal,” he said when one of them kicked the back of his knee to pull him out more easily. “Is this because I killed your friend?”
“He wants it to be a surprise,” Natalia said, watching Clint pout. “That’s sweet of him.”
“I was thinking that too. I just don’t know what to do about that.” He stopped and looked at the vegetables on his cutting board. “It’ll be fine. We’ll get over this.”
be calling.
“Hello?”
“Was I out long?” He asked, feeling sorry for Sarah who stayed with him the whole time.
“You and I both know you’re not the giving up type,” Clint said and he didn’t know that but from what he knew about Steve, he just didn’t see the man with anyone any less stubborn than he was. “We’re riverside in Queens. Nothing but industry here and industry means trucks. Trucks need gas. There will be a gas station close enough for you to reach, Tony.”
“Yeah, but I—”
“Now you’re just asking for more pain. There has to be an easier way to find it out?” He sat on the floor in front of Clint and looked to the window. Of course he wanted out of there and back to his life but was this really the way to go?
“I remember you saying you wanted a more personalized one,” James told her with a grin. Natalia looked up at him, her smile wide and mischievous.
,” he said and looked at each of them in turn. Benni was the most excited by the looks of it. Sarah reached her hands out and said grace for them, giving thanks for the meal and for Tony’s recovery. It made him smile and he gave her hand a gentle squeeze.
“Alright, I’ll be here going over some stuff.” He was well aware that it wasn’t his place to be there and if he was completely honest, he didn’t want to know what was going on. “Come home soon, okay? And try not to punch James.”
“I can’t even remember what anything tastes like right now,” Clint added, his eyes feeling heavy like he needed to sleep. “If we survive this and you don’t turn out to be some kind of spy for these guys, we should get a burger.” It was getting harder to pay attention to Tony’s mouth and the more they talked about food, the hungrier he felt and the more lightheaded he became.
“Steve, shut up,” James said, but there was no fire behind it. He was smiling too. “Why can’t you be a good patient and sleep?”
fresh. Steve looked over at James who shrugged and continued crunching on his treat.
has been an absolute delight to have around.”
Upstairs, Steve tended to his wounds and then checked in with Tony.
“Guess they still need us,” he said after a moment but he still hadn’t moved towards the food. He’d finally found a position that didn’t make everything hurt and no matter how thirsty he was, he wasn’t ready for the pain of walking.
Benni’s eyes went wide. “You can speak with your
“That was different,” Tony said, his voice lower than he intended. “Can we… not talk about it? I can’t talk about that.” Tony got up, suddenly feeling like the walls were closing in on him and there was no air left to breathe.
He slid it across the desk to Tony, telling him to take it, and then motioned for him to leave.
“I love you too, Clint.”
The only reason they had these meetings was to keep them all in place, remind them that they could all coexist and still come out on top, none of them shared except Russian and Irish but that was a choice. They all had their own neighborhoods and had enough turf to cover and work to do.
“And he knows you did,” Steve added, taking the tiny hand that fell out of Tony’s lap when he moved Benni, and holding it. “He knows.”
“Hello,” James said, coming inside the house. He and Clint had had a disagreement about the wheelchair versus the crutches. James didn’t want him putting any strain on himself or his leg that he didn’t need to and Clint, naturally, didn’t want to be coddled. Clint won after actually snapping at James, something he hadn’t really done before, and James realized he needed to back off. Even so, things felt a little tense.
“And you lad? How are you finding being a Rogers?” Pinky asked, turning the mirror slightly to the left so he could see Tony, his face kind.
They talked a bit longer about this and that, staying away from the topics of Steve and James for the moment and when it got later, they headed upstairs together. Sarah wished Tony goodnight and went to check on Steve, trying to open the door but it was locked. She didn’t knock. She knew that meant he didn’t want any company and she’d respect that. For now.
“It’s okay. Don’t look so upset,
When he turned towards the other side of the room he noticed for the first time the young man staring at him. Young man or, uh, boy? He wasn’t sure. Definitely under twenty-five, all smooth faced and wide-brown eyes. He was staring at Clint with a mixture of emotions that Clint’s tired brain didn’t want to process enough to tell him which ones they were.
Clint was leaning back against James’ chest, a photo album in his hands that James was pointing to as he explained what Clint was seeing in each one.
He took it, putting the bagel down, and said, “Yes, Cap.”
“That’s all I want. That’s all I’ve wanted this entire time,” Steve said, his voice even softer now and James wondered if it would crack if he raised it. He ran his hands through his hair, inhaling sharply through his nose, fighting back the stinging he felt behind his eyes. “I want you and Tony, ma, Clint and Benni and everyone all together. That’s… that’s all I’ve wanted since I got out of the hospital. I want my family together, James.”
Steve turned to Dugan who seemed just as confused and opened the car door for Steve.
“You know… if you make me wake your mother, that’s on you.” It was an embarrassing idea and that was exactly why he didn't want it to happen.
Tony turned to look at Steve. “Is it over?” he asked carefully. It was a question he didn’t really want to ask but knew he had to if he wanted closure. “Are you going to be okay too?”
“Anyone want to suggest some party games?” Dugan asked and got a laugh from everyone.
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “No, Tony. Honor the rule: workmates are off-limits.”
They talked a while longer about this and that, the new relationship coming up at random times and Sarah asked about Benni and Steve said he was fine with it and that she could also talk to him and Tony about it if she needed.
“Now you see I’m going to stop you right there, Steven, because that thought hasn’t passed through my mind in years. Not towards you anyway.” She cleared her throat. “Do I think he’s a wee bit young? Yes. But am I worried that he’s too young for you? Yes, but not how you think. I just want you to have someone you click with, pet. Someone who understands you and there’s a wee bit of a generational gap between you two is all but as long as you’re happy, I’m happy. I don’t want you settling just for anyone because you know that finding someone in your situation is rare.”
Steve chuckled. “Not the first time,” he said, and made a mental note to come clean it up later.
His hands were bound behind his back and even though his eyes were open, he couldn’t see anything. Even if he could, it wouldn’t be of much help. How was he supposed to get out of this situation?
They were sitting at a table in Steve’s basement, a bottle of whiskey opened between them and two glasses filled to different heights.
“You’re giving me your knife?”
He kicked a box on the ground with enough force to send it hurtling through the air towards Steve who was rounding the corner after having searched the other end of the warehouse. He dodged it and walked over to James, the dog tags in his hand.
“Liar. I did. For a while there. And now I’ve got you back and you’re in love and you’re happy and then along comes this fucking shit—” He cut himself off and leaned back on the couch. “I never got to apologize to him. Not properly.”
“Thank you,” he said softly and looked into those bright blue eyes. He had the same softness about him that he did when he had tended to Tony’s wounds when they had been alone. “Thank you, Steve.” Saying his name out loud, to his face, it felt good. He liked saying his name. How he would have loved to stay like that, look at those blue eyes, admire his perfect looks.
, Cap, I’m so sorry. I’m on my way to pick up my
Naturally they had made the accommodations as uncomfortable as possible. It was a dark warehouse near the piers in Red Hook with concrete floors and walls, a busted in window towards the back that therefore provided little to no relief from the cold, and dripping pipes. Steve had come into possession of it after a man on his protection payroll had failed to keep up.
The Don commented on Italian organized crime, glaring at Steve whom he still held a grudge for after the Irish had taken some of their territory by force a few years ago. Steve barely acknowledged his existence, staring at the wall behind his head. Most of the Don’s reports were boring and non substantial and James quickly ushered him on.
was it happening?
Steve looked over at the door and said, “Come in,” assuming it was Sarah or Dugan again. He was pleasantly surprised to find that he was wrong.
“You can start from the beginning. Then you’ll know too,” he said and moved to lie down properly. Even though the door to the hallway was open, it wasn’t cold at all. And Tony was full, warm, and his brother taken care of. He kept going through those things in his mind in an attempt to make himself believe it was all real.
James smacked his hand away and laughed and this time it was Natalia who was shocked to see the little glimpse of happiness there, of hope. “Just means I’m more mature than you.”
When he heard his name he stopped immediately, his gaze dropping to the floor as he tried to think of a response. “A klutz,” he answered, not looking at him, fearing that his face would give away what he was feeling and thinking. “Fell down the stairs the other day. And yesterday I ran into... a door handle.” Towards the end of his sentence he raised his voice like it was a question. He didn’t do it on purpose and didn’t realize that he was doing it either.
Tony shoved his hands into his pockets and adjusted his pants and the way he stood. This was not good.
“I heard you asked for a single room because you got sick of me?” Tony joked weakly.
“You sure about that?”
Clint sighed, trying to physically push out the bad thoughts. He bent down to pick up a piece of paper that had fallen under some crates when a hand touched his back.
liked him but hearing that come from Tony did warm his heart. So maybe he cared a little bit.
“I’m so relieved I could kiss you.”
she can see us today. As if you don’t control her schedule.” James grinned. “Perhaps,” Clint repeated again, shaking his head.
Tony didn’t know how long he had been resting in her arms crying his heart out. There were a lot of pent up emotions that washed over him, overwhelmed him and yet he found comfort in Sarah’s arms. Some time later—Tony wasn’t sure how much time had passed—he noticed how Sarah was still holding him even though he had stopped crying. He wanted to move away, give her space but as if she had read his mind she wrapped her arms tighter around him. Moments later Tony fell asleep, giving in to his exhaustion.
At some point he must have fallen asleep, curled up and comfortable on the couch. He woke up because he heard Benni calling his name. As soon as he heard him, Tony was up and found his brother in the dark. He was crying so hard that he hiccupped.
“I don’t want him to leave.”
“Right,” Tony said out of the blue. “When is Sarah’s birthday?” He wanted to get her an Italian coffee machine with the best beans possible. Which also required money. Of which he had only so much from when Sarah gave him some when he was going out with Pepper or buying things with Benni on his own. Not that he needed money, considering he didn’t have any expenses.
“It’s awful but it’s better than going my whole life never knowing what kind of man he really is.” He put a hand on the back of the seat in front of Steve’s desk. “Dugan says we’re staying with you in your gaff till this is all cleared up?”
“I never did thank you for, you know, looking after him. He told me about the hits you took that were meant for him.”
A few days later, Clint was sorting through items in the storeroom, inspecting his monthly inventory and making a list of what he needed refills on. It was a quiet afternoon so far, not much traffic in and out, so he decided to do some of the more boring stuff that he might usually pawn off on Fitz but he didn’t mind having something that required focus. Focusing meant his mind didn’t have time to wander and lately it had been doing a lot of that.
but you and Tony are. So, yes, lass, gifts are necessary.”
He had held up very well the first day. To his credit they hadn’t managed to get anything out of him yet. James and Steve had been relatively mild in comparison to what they were capable of but they didn’t want to lose control and lose their best lead. Today, with emotions running high, they cared less.
“James. You heard him. You heard his voice, you heard him get hit. You spend a lot of time reassuring me and comforting me and—“
“What about you? And what if James isn’t there?” Tony asked, not liking it one bit but also feeling rather grateful that Steve let him in on that. He had no intention of leaving Steve behind.
As soon as he was gone, Tony took a deep breath and started working.
“One minute,” he said and gently peeled Pepper off of him, trying not to show that she had squeezed and touched some spots that were still sore and aching. “We’re okay, Benni and I. A lot has happened. I... can’t talk right now though.”
“We’re safe, yes. Bad things will still happen, whether we like it or not.”
“Start the meeting,” he said forcefully. Dmitri pulled his chair out for him and he sat, looking at the papers Dmitri then handed him.
Another week of getting used to the quiet around the house and with nothing to do other than rest, make food and bake pastries, Tony found himself starting to enjoy it. There was still a restlessness inside of him that made him antsy and anxious but he knew this was home and nothing bad would ever happen to him here.
,” James said, so accustomed to calling Benni that but Clint knew that word. Natalia used it on him. “Probably at the other end of the hall. There are a couple empty rooms there with their own bathrooms.”
“Yeah. It’ll be good and if it’s not, it will at least be fun.”
“Who needs a vacuum?” Clint joked, although worried about how tired James seemed. He reached over and ran his fingers through James’ hair, mussing it. Clint had ideas of how he could help him sleep, seeing as he obviously wasn’t. And it suddenly occurred to Clint that James hadn’t even answered Clint’s question earlier about his nap.
“Right. How about you eat your dinner and go to bed,” Tony suggested and shook his head. What a disgrace his father was. He went to close the kitchen window, not wanting to disturb anyone more than they usually did. Once the window was closed Tony turned around and Howard was standing behind him. He hadn’t heard him get back up.
“I know, love, I know,” he said softly, lifting Tony’s hand to kiss it. “I have a dangerous job but I’m not gonna do anything to put myself in needless danger. I’ve got too much to come home to for that,” he promised him.
Just as he promised, Tony only went out with someone watching his back. It made him paranoid and anxious but if it meant that Steve had one less thing to worry about, he would do it. Dugan and Jones took turns picking up Benni either with Tony or Sarah or without them. The weeks seemed to go by a lot slower now. Steve was especially tense and that set the mood for everyone working for him.
“Isn’t everything?”
“Yes,” he answered, knowing the doubt might come back from time to time but Clint was pretty damn persuasive.
“Last I checked Dugan was, Jones was still out,” he told him, not taking his eyes off Steve longer than a second.
“No, you didn’t,” he said. “Can’t sleep?”
At one point he fell asleep again, only to wake up when he felt the familiar weight of his brother on his lap. As soon as his eyes were open, Benni told him all about his day and how exciting school had been. It was too much to follow but he didn’t mind hearing his brother’s voice. It was something he would miss on their vacation but Steve had promised that there was going to be a phone in the house. There was no way that Tony could survive on only letters. It was bad enough that he didn’t know if he would be able to stay in touch with Clint or if he had to wait for them to be back in New York.
“No. I’m not needed tomorrow.” He might’ve been but he would not be going. And in all truth, a lot of what he’d handled lately did not warrant his presence normally but he was sending a message. With the business he and James had handled this morning, the message had been sent loud and clear. Now Steve could sit back a little and hand back over to Dugan, Jones and Falsworth the work they already normally did.
Tony stood in front of the door and unlocked it, but he found himself unable to push the door open and enter. His hands were trembling and he was about to turn around and run when Falsworth reach up and opened the door for him.
“He’s strong for someone so young,” Steve said.
“Jeez, Buck, harsh.”
Steve and James exchanged a few near-silent words, more looks and gestures.
“That’s my line,” Tony said chuckling softly and kissing Steve until he was desperate for air and even then it was difficult to pull away from him. Being that close to Steve, kissing him, having heard those words...Tony felt hot, his head was spinning and so he pressed closer to Steve. “Steve,” he said, his voice deep and low. “I…” He pressed his lips together and took a shaky breath. “Touch me,” he said.
marry but Clint would be damned if he let James slip out of his grip. “Better invite me to the wedding.”
“That’s what I want to know,” Rhodey said, narrowing his eyes at him. “If I didn’t think I’d get a good screaming at, I’d spray your ass with that firehose.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It was a while before either of them spoke again, neither wanting to end this moment. Clint had almost forgotten how Natalia’s touch, her presence, made him feel; so safe and secure and loved. All the things James did for him as well but in such a different way.
“Hey, speaking of functional adults, thoughts on the Stark thing?”
“So… has he called yet?”
He sighed, chuckling softly and then checked the time again. He was early,
After a while Clint even went back to work, despite his bum leg. It was getting easier to walk around on it as it healed. At his last appointment, the doctor had said another few weeks and it could come off so long as he was still careful about his movements and used the crutches for any long distances.
James watched Tony’s face and when it didn’t seem like he would say anything he sighed heavily and left, balling up the dish towel and throwing it on the counter. He went to his room and shut the door.
James receives a phone call. Clint and Tony make a plan. Steve and James have a little conversation with one of Bakuto's men.
“I can’t help you there,” Clint said, finishing his apples and putting them in a bowl for Tony. “I’ll probably ask James later. It could… it could just be the strain of them still having to see and talk about the man who took us. I can see how that would take a toll.” He closed his eyes and calmed his breathing, focusing on the sharp, sweet smell of the apples.
“What’ve you done?” She asked, narrowing her eyes. He chuckled. “The last time you were this nice, you’d thrown that brick through Mr Reynold’s window.”
There was a semblance of peace in their lives and for that they were all grateful. In the last year, peace had been nothing more than a laughable idea hiding behind an abstract concept. Month after month had seen its share of highs and very low lows and now things seemed to be on an upswing. Everyone tacitly acknowledged it but no one dared mention it out loud just in case they jinxed themselves.
He debated with himself for a good five seconds before he reached out and touched the part of Tony’s head that wasn’t bandaged, just resting his hand there a moment while he spoke. “Sleep. My ma’ll be by a bit later with your brother.”
“Alright. I guess that settles that,” Steve said, quickly shooting James a look that James refused to give an answer to. He would talk to Steve after he had talked to Clint.
Steve understood now why James said Tony would want to kill him. He nodded as Tony spoke, his worries melting away with every word until he felt at peace again.
Instead, he went to his room and shut the door, crawling into his bed and curling up to sleep. Steve didn’t nap, but today he would. Today there was nothing else he wanted to do other than forget about the world for a little bit. He briefly considered calling James’ home to see if he was really there hiding out, but he needed to respect the space James had requested.
They went to the living room and spread out in the various seats. Sarah took one couch and Benni curled up next to her with his juice. Steve plopped down next to James and smacked his leg.
Tony listened and nodded. Yes, that much was clear to him. He didn’t know how he felt about Dugan yet. Not that he didn't trust him. But that man was definitely unreadable to Tony.
“My… fiancé,” Steve began and no one in the room reacted as if it were anything wrong. “Her complexion isn’t far off from yours, may I?”
“The difference is that you like what you’re doing. You like the responsibility and going out there, which is why you’re missing it. For me it was a force of habit. Right now there isn’t a lot to do apart from the things Dugan, Jones and I are covering. And you know this, Steve.”
Fury turned to him and eyed him for a long second before reaching out to pat his shoulder. “Good for you, Rogers. If anyone needs me, don’t,” he added, walking back to his office after grabbing a bagel from the table.
Steve was sitting up more now, more awake, listening to Tony. He realized then and there that he’d never really gotten Tony to talk a lot. Conversations here and there, answers to Steve’s questions and remarks but not a lot of talking. Dinner had been the most and this was second place. Steve’s heart fluttered once again—as it had at dinner—at hearing Tony’s accent.
James’ words rang out in the room, making Steve wince. James closed his eyes, gripping the dog tags tighter.
“Wait, wait, wait. The talk? You—Rhodes!”
Steve chuckled. “Too long. Bucky and I met in kindergarten.”
Tony moved one hand to play with the soft short hairs on the back of Steve’s neck while he spoke. “It’s not easy for any of us,” he told him quietly. With Steve he wasn’t afraid to tell him these things, even if he still thought that he should be able to handle it by himself. “And let’s do that. I don’t think I’m ready to attend an Irish wedding and would love an excuse to not go.”
