“Quite possibly. I need to find out where the killer left the ice pick, which involves going around and searching gardens in a 5 kilometer radius to the scene of the murder, which was not where the body was found, but until Scotland Yard finds the true crime scene, I’m bored at home. Apparently my last intrusion onto private property got them into a lot of trouble.”
“It’s recognise with an S, not a Z. We’re not reading an American newspaper.” Sherlock did his best to lean across and scribble over the crooked Z, but writing in the air with a chair (and flatmate) in between the paper was a bit brutal. After his feeble attempt, he wagggled the pen in front of John’s face, “Fixed it.”
“All the other chairs were taken, and I was told to take a seat.” He grumbled, standing up with the help of John.
“Quit stropping, I’ll be home before you know it.” He gave Sherlock another kiss, before heading out the door and going to work.
Sherlock couldn’t tell how long it had been since the kiss started. Seconds, minutes, or even hours, time had stood still. As he stared into John’s eyes, catching his breath, he mumbled one simple question in response.
“Is that Lestrade?” John murmured, trying his best to push Sherlock off his chest. With a huff, Sherlock rolled off, and John picked up a shirt off the floor, putting it on and doing his best to run his fingers through his hair.
“Right, well I have to be back at two fifteen, so let’s get going.” John walked out the door, Sherlock following him like a baby duck following their mother. John laced his fingers in between Sherlock’s, placing a kiss on the back of his partner’s hand.
“Mind palace spring cleaning is not to be joked about,” The detective shuffled in seat, leaning forward to sound more serious. “It’s more intricate and dense, I have a file system. Obviously. There’s a paper shredder and everything, your boring little mind couldn’t handle such sheer complexities.”
"Yes, mother. We promise." He kissed her forehead and let her hug him for a good while. Then off he went.
Mrs. Holmes took her hands to her hips and giggled. "Now all I ask is that you get him down here. He'll come up with any excuse just to get out of it. I'm planning this big feast and it'll be splendid. The whole family is coming down and they can't wait to meet you!"
Sherlock loves Sunday mornings because John wakes up early to make breakfast. He always finds John singing and dancing in the kitchen. It's the one time he finds him roaming around their flat in nothing but his boxers.
The phone rang five times until it went to voicemail. He didn't leave a message but hung up and dialed back right away. He did so agitatedly.
He will argue that the way John walks is how the human specimen was meant to but no one could ever be as close to perfection as John was.
The white light turned into an atomic orange. The colors were vibrant but became more relaxed once they began to expand outward forming a circle. It was like a ring of fire. They could feel some heat radiating from it but it wasn't enough to alarm them. What agitated them a little were the sparks that flew from it but they didn't harm them either.
No matter how tired he is, John is always up for a bubble bath. The water should be warm but it's always cool for some reason.
“You heard me”, Sherlock replied. “Your eyes have exactly 5 shades of blue, 3 shades of grey, and just a touch of brown. My personal favorite being the ocean blue that you get when you’re upset.” He looked down at his shoes again then back up to face John who had moved in closer, away from the door. Ignoring a stunned John, he continued. "There isn’t much you don’t already know. You know I consider you to be the bravest man I’ve ever known. Despite all that you have suffered you have always managed to remain devoted to those around you, including your obnoxious best friend.” He pointed at himself. “You protect the weak and heal the sick. I not only admire your skills as a doctor but your strength as a soldier and… as a man. You are determined, disciplined, sometimes a bit too drastic but… your brilliance… oh, your brilliance astounds me, John. There are many times when you surpass my own resolutions. We both know a little too well that I don’t favor defeat but if I must surrender to someone then I am honored to do it against you.” Unknowingly, Sherlock had moved in closer to John. His voice got lower and deeper. “You are my best friend, the kindest man I will ever meet, but most of all you are… the person… the man who has made me feel.“
"Careful, careful." John swiftly brought his hands up to care for his injured head. "You ok?" He examined him as if he were searching for a flesh wound. He didn't find one.
After sharing snarls with Mrs. Hudson, he then stayed looking at Sherlock. His eyes were piercing right through him. Had he had superpowers of his own and if his eyes could form laser beams, he very well could've made a hole through his skull. He enjoyed the baffled look on his little brother. One of his little brothers.
Sherlock loves taking him to a section off course from the walkway because there's a pond nearby that is home to coy fish. Sherlock couldn't care less about them but the fact that John is fascinated by them makes him smile. Sherlock love to see John happy and he would do anything to keep it that way.
Sherlock sat up straight in his chair. He licked his lips and then slowly asked, "Eurus is our brother?"
John joined in and together they were laughing quite energetically. They laughed so loudly that Mrs Hudson ran back upstairs.
Sherlock kept tiny packets of baby wipes in the glove compartment and now he could add another reason as to why to the list.
In his hand, Sherlock already had a small bouquet arranged. He looked up at his fiancée and handed him the bunch.
Their kiss was even more intense this time.   The way John slipped his tongue in and out was making Sherlock impatient. John would lick the inside of his bottom lip and then suck on it.
Sherlock looked over at him but was too interested in the photo he had in his hand to pay attention to another.
Sherlock loves Thursdays because that's movie night. John always comes home with a newly released DVD.
"Then there was the time we found her with a knife. Mother thought she was going to hurt herself and she panicked. When we asked her what she was doing she said she wanted to find out how her muscles worked. She was only 5 years old."
He peeked over to get a look at Sherlock's crotch. He saw his pants stretched over his thighs. The pleats by his pockets were wrinkled. John looked right at the center and focused on the perfectly rounded bulge. He licked his lips at the thought of his long dick popping out.
Rosie smiled, "John are you going to work here too? Because Lock is!" she said and hopped excitedly up and down. "And you know what Lock said? He said that none of you is wearing a white dress when you'll get married, but that I can! He said I can be a flower girl!" she said and frowned, "What does a flower a girl do?" she asked, only now wondering about that.
Sherlock chuckled softly into the kiss, moving his arms around his boyfriend, before he started to walk them towards the bedroom.
“Pff.. decent? It's amazing, simple, but great." Sherlock said and smiled, "Show some respect." he said and mixed poured the chopped garlic and onions into the tomato sauce. "Stir please." he said and rubbed his eyes to get rid off the effects of the onion's fumes.
"Eight actually" Charlie chuckled, leaving out the part about paps being a tiny bit older than the rest of them. "They took in my little sister Rosie and me back in December We both used to be orphans." She explained as she fed Juan some lettuce. "Man, his mouth is so cute" She commented with an amused smile.
"Mmh, I think I'll put it on the side" Charlie said after some thought. "Maybe I'll find something similar with a different top part. I'm still into rhinestones." She said eventually before giving Sherlock a smile and disappearing back into the changing room.
"Okay" She nodded and and some of her marshmallow. "Sherlock's right, you know. We do get some regular visitors every now and then." John said with a smile, though he did wonder too who that could be.
John blinked at her. "W-What?" Then the man turned slowly to Sherlock who's now biting his lower lip. Mrs. Hudson silently watched the interaction. Such an unusual couple but their differences complimented them.
"Mmm?" John responds, schooling himself before facing Sherlock. Silently cursing himself at the worry he sees from Sherlock's watery eyes.
A figure in a black winter jacket emerged  from the darkened hallway through the door followed by six men who were clearly MI6. All rifles and handgun's up and pointed at the two perps who had their hands in the air. The men circled the perps, and with another order from the leader whose gaze was now locked on him, while the MI6 moved the perps out.
The wind howled as the rain angrily drop its strength against the shed's rooftop. Storm escalated over the hour. John removed his jacket and squeezed the water from it. Now that his jacket has been thoroughly soaked at seven in the evening, there was no way he'll be able to make it to that date. He might need to cancel. His mother won't be happy but whoever in their right mind would go on a date when a storm clearly were hell bent on preventing it? Someone then arrived and stood a distance beside him but he was too busy to even notice the person was hesitating to speak.
At first, John thought it was ridiculous, Sherlock was being ridiculous. He couldn't help but felt abandoned in all of it. For two years he grieved for what? For two years his whole world got shattered. Once he thought he was finally living in colours and then all of a sudden, he's gone black again. Hence, the silent treatment. That's all he could give Sherlock at the moment. Make the man suffer by letting the elephant in the room to stomp in their chests. Because that's what this was it, wasn't it? Because John had accepted it. For the love of God he accepted it. He likes Sherlock Holmes — probably more than that. When Sherlock was
A woman shouts from the other end of the restaurant, while another woman runs to get it and hands them to John.
"Listen to me carefully Mister Holmes, I'm going to save you this time — and then, we're gonna go our separate ways from now on."
John smiled. "And to you, as well ... sweetheart. I felt every emotion of your song. So, I wanted to say thank you for that as well."
Additional Tags: John writes Haiku this time, so sue me - i only listen to what John wants, he wrote it for Sherlock, haiku
John opened and closed his mouth. They did. Not just once. And certainly not just Valentine’s Day. But it is that day is it?
Later that evening, John sat on the couch with Sherlock's head on his lap. He knew right there and then that something had shifted between the two of them after what happened earlier in Aunt Merle's residence. What they would do with that change ... John could only hope for the better for what the following days would bring. And if Sherlock still needed that reassurance, if he wouldn't believe in John, John swore to tell Sherlock everyday, how beautiful he was.
It was only then that he moved from his spot and turned around. To his right, a circle of crowd surrounding the performer gather around.
John grinned. "Down below, with Mrs Hudson. She said she'll sleep over.” He paused. “And that ... she doesn't mind." He added in a serious tone of his voice. "Moving back… and having two Dads." He murmured those last two.
"Fuck! His EpiPen was there you bloody dolt!—Does anyone have two doses of auto-injector here please?" John bellows around him in his commanding voice.
John was asked by Sherlock to accompany him on a date, when a life threatening situation occurred and made him realise
John remembered Mike pursuing teaching while he worked at Bart's. And then, even if it was against his parents' bidding, he still signed himself in the army. But after two years of being deployed, he thought the worst of it were his soldiers dying. Until he got abducted from an ambush and got shot at. He played weak in the face of the Talibans. John treated his own injuries like a fucking caped hero all by himself from the comics. He escaped abduction from mixing poisons he found from his abductors. And after six months in captivity, he was able to kill his targets, walked the desert to the nearest army base he knew of and thank his lucky stars, he was taken care of. John had almost lost the will to live. But the American soldiers that saved him, were the ones that convinced him to pull it together. That he was still a soldier. And then he was transferred to a British base where he underwent treatment and therapy. And then he was discharged. All of the accounts that happened to him were all marked confidential. And John was grateful for that. But of course, the post trauma he got as a parting gift never made his life easy. He became an alcoholic. His parents disowned him, and only his twin sister, Harriet, made the effort to visit him to his little army issued flat before. It was also Harriet's death from drunk driving, introduced him to the life he's living now. A grieving brother, a drunken fist fight against a former gang member set to stab the mob's boss in the back, if not for John saving the old man — and voila! John's the new recruit. That was ten years ago. Now, he's the boss for seven years.
"I give you this ring as a sign of my love." With trembling fingers, John slid the ring carefully into Sherlock's.
Sherlock bore his gaze into John's eyes and panicked. Suddenly, he was robbed off of words. It can't be... He planned this already. He wasn't able to sleep for a week thinking about his vow. And now...
For some reason, John's feet gravitated to the crowd. Slowly, his steps took him in one of the empty spaces where everyone was silently watching the violinist.
"Sherlock—"She warned. If these two won't get themselves sorted she'd definitely needed to enrol them to a couples therapy. "Sort yourselves, boys. You've come a long way. Do not let silly arguments ruined what you've built." She added. A beat passed and John thanked her, and then Sherlock followed.
"I miss you. I miss you so much." He whispered. "Why should it hurt like this so much? It's been so long. Why can't I just forget you and be able to move on?"
Additional Tags: Johnlock Poetry, Making love, Abuse of metaphors, OOC, This John Watson is always out of character, But fuck it, Sooooooft, Fluuuuuuf
Additional Tags: Post-Reichenbach, Original Characters, Implied Violence, Graphic depiction of Wounds from said Violence, John Rescues Sherlock, Soft!Sherlock, Mild Angst, A Kiss, Hopeful Ending
He ran as fast as he could under the rain towards the shed by the road. The bus would arrive soon. Unfortunately for him, he's already wet and dripping when he made it to the bus-stop.
Sure, this wouldn't be the only time that Sherlock or John would experience a relapse. But as they promised in their wedding day. They'd face everything together like they did from the very start.
There was a loud snort from the audience and the both of them looked to find Philip sobbing beside a teary-eyed Sally. The woman slapped Anderson's shoulder and there was a second of giggles and laughter from the audience before the officiant cleared his throat once again. Silence followed and the officiant nodded at Sherlock.
She heard John repeated the question in which Sherlock whispered his answer. She softly closed her door but not before seeing Sherlock's face redden at the loving attention John was giving to him. Ah. To be young and in love.
Additional Tags: AU, OOC, Sherlock is a Gypsy and a lot more, Djinn, Paranormal, Fantasy, Mystic, First Kiss, Mike Stamford cameo, Alternate Universe
He felt a tear fell on his forehead and Sherlock felt his own tears falling as well. Lily and Julian Watson smiled at him with tears in their eyes. John's arms tightened even more around him. As if its owner were afraid to lose him. Again. It was then that Sherlock realised, his demons will never rest as long as he's alive. But John was there. Always there waiting for him to come back. John has been his strength from the very beginning. One of his reasons why he took the Fall. And one of the reasons why he made it back to London. Why he made it past those that torture.
When the paramedics arrived, Greg told them about Sherlock's information while he filled in the details of the bruises and lacerations.
"I DO NOT!" Mike exclaimed. And John couldn't help but raised an eyebrow at the volume of the man's voice.
"You're missing me?" John asked Sherlock in a gentle voice. Love shone in John's eyes and she could say the same for Sherlock. Sherlock hasn't looked at anyone, the way he's looked at John.
of yours. If Sherlock is only calling you in your free time from the conference he won't be missing you this much." Then she turned to John. "Your jumper is the closest thing for Sherlock as having you near. He misses you that bad whenever you're away, John."
Mycroft admitted that they had a lapse of judgement because of that. Not the feelings, but the fact that they ... should have informed John in the first place. It's the closest thing to an apology and acceptance John had received from Mycroft.
John drew a deep breath licking his lips while looking into his eyes. Even then, Sherlock already felt what John wanted to say, but he nodded still and squeezed John's sweaty and icy palms (or were that his?) to encourage his beloved.
John releases a sigh. Now that they were already in the comfort of their home, John’s hesitating on how to approach Sherlock about what happened earlier. The man almost died for Christ’s sake.
"How may I help you?" The man asked in a firm voice, at the same time fishing out an ID from his coat pocket, then flashing it to him.
John was about to snap at the man when all of a sudden, a blue smoke surround them. The man in front of him moved forward, and grabbed him by the neck. His gun clattered to the ground, and the next thing John knew, the Traveller was kissing him.
“I love you too, John…” Sherlock whispers against his lips. John marveled at the high he was feeling that Sherlock feels the same. “I tried dating others but it was always you.” Sherlock smiled sheepishly at him. Then it falters and a sad one replaces it.
The heavy rain coupled with the roaring wind blew through the waiting shed and the both of them shivered from the cold. John then noticed that Sherlock was saying something but he had to shout because the pitter-patter of the rain against the rooftops were too loud.
He understood that though, who would want to visit and rekindled their friendship to someone who'd been a subject of the rumours of giving away confidential informations to the enemies, so they wouldn't kill him. So they would let him escape. He never did though. He was, still, the good soldier. What he did to escape the Talibans of Afghanistan were much ... personal. One he never held against his fellow soldiers but to the higher ups. He was pulled into reminiscing when the old but familiar bright smile of his friend Mike greeted him from the opened door, and that same smile vanishing when Mike's pair of beady green eyes found his.
John followed Mike's hand and that's when he sees the black wallet. He doesn't carry one. Still, he turned to Mike and claimed it. Mike nodded and then eventually left him on his own.
There was a faint squeak of the wooden floor behind him, and slowly, John turned to face the man he was looking for, who's currently biting his lower lip. Then Sherlock did something John had not expect. He began to
"Alright, John." The man nodded. "Greg Lestrade, Chief Inspector from New Scotland Yard. And actually, you can help me with finding someone. Since you're technically both civilian now." Greg, once again looked around, as if whatever he's looking for might popped around. "I'm looking for uh a colleague? Err, part-time assistant." With air quotes on the term
After five minutes, John gives the second dose. He murmurs his gratitude to the ladies who's husbands were his patients and then vowed to replace the doses.
His heart swelled at the sight of Rosie carried by his mummy and his dad. And Harriet beside Mrs. Hudson. but what mattered most was the man up front waiting with the officiant. When he reached them, John held out a hand and Sherlock took it.
"You won't ever lose me again, John. As long as I can do something about it for not to happen immediately. You will always have me. From now on, as long as you'll need me. I will be there. I once drifted but now I am home. You said you owe me so much ..." Sherlock said and could only hope that his voice isn't that shaky from the psychological ordeal he'd just been into.
"I want to thank you for going after me, John. You saved me again." Sherlock whispered and John gave a tight nod.
He mouthed John's name and tried to lean forward, but the chains behind him prevented him. In a flash, John was on the lock and chains, bolt cutter at hand. The lock wasn't the thick kind and Sherlock was sure if he only had his strength he could've picked the lot. But there's something in the way that John moves intimately while freeing him that makes Sherlock tense. He closed his eyes, biting his injured lower lip when he felt John's breath against his neck.
John contemplated then remembered something the Traveller said earlier. “You mentioned Mike was scared? Why?”
"This suits you, Sherlock." John declared one afternoon, as they were looking out for a potential serial killer that was said to roam the street of Camden, while they hide inside a clothing store. Sherlock blinked at him and at the midnight blue robe in his hand.
'Thank you for loving me, John. I am honoured that you chose me to love. Thank you for waiting for me, despite the hurt I caused you.' Sherlock's  whisper was so low, if John wasn't really listening. He wouldn't have been able to hear it.
"Sher ..." It was all he could say before he felt the Eiffel Tower flipped in front of him. Strong arms grabbed him before he could fall into the ground. But he couldn't escape the darkness that soon enveloped him.
John welcomed him as a flatmate when he moved to London at the age of nineteen from Sussex to pursue being a chemist. Who helped him settle down in the city life. Who cared for him when he got sick. John had been his strength. Most importantly, John looked after him when he was dumped by his so called dates and boyfriends, after they learned that he was actually boring. That he prefered tea from coffee. Soda from beer. Scones from biscuits. That he loved Chemistry and for some reason, Anatomy. That he loved crime shows and not sports.
'Maybe. I'm allowed to am I?' Sherlock quietly answered, followed by a haughty remark. 'I married a blogger.'
The man scrambled to get up almost kneeing John's crotch if he hadn't covered it with his hands on time.
Was he ready? Five years ago-John Watson would still be drowning his arse in alcohol. But now, five years later-John Watson just wanted to hug Sherlock and make things right. That's exactly what he would do.
When all of a sudden, the figure pinning the other to the wall raised a hand at the exact moment the moonlight illuminated the dark alley. John felt his feet move before he could even hear Greg calling him. The perp heard Greg's voice and looked up from strangling the figure by the wall to him.
The medical aspect of this work was based online from UK Health agencies and sites. I do not have a professional medical beta for this (as much as I've been dying to consult Doc J). This is a two, Sherlock would be bored. Aha. So the bloody mistakes are all definitely missed words by me. I apologise. 💔
still hurting. For a week , he tried to act normal. After all, Sherlock explained what really happened when Moriarty cornered him at Bart's rooftop. That he needed John to
He sighed eyeing the four year old toddler. Rosie blinked at him then turned her head away to curiously look around. Slowly, Sherlock got up and snatched the spoon from Rosie's hand with a speed of a martial artist. Unbeknownst of the clump of cereal on the floor in which he step into.
John disentangled himself from the man and turned. Whatever he saw would hunt his waking hours. Mike lay crumpled and pale on the floor unmoving.
It was then he thought Sherlock looked so beautiful laying there while the yellow light touched his exposed skin. And he now belongs to John, all for him to worship. Christ he's not getting any younger. But there's no rush, they'd make the wait worth it.
Sherlock's shoulder dropped and John felt like punching himself. Fuck, he was hurt alright. But he knows Sherlock too. However, what John went through, it has been too long, and the pain hasn't stopped.
"I'm so sorry. I had no idea. He didn't tell me." Marcus whispers beside him. John turns away when Marcus carefully combs Sherlock's curls behind his ear in a tender gesture. It seem as though Marcus really cares for Sherlock.
"Boy, I'd lay my life on the line for him. But ... my husband wouldn't like it. And we'd already face the wrath of the Titan if Mycroft learns what I made him do."
"Watson, stop it." Sherlock said in a firm voice as he caught a chunk of cereal Rosie just thrown on his face.
A phone rang and the Traveller pulled a small one from his belt bag. John missed seeing that one earlier. The man turned to face the moonlit road and took the call. John once again had a glimpse of those hips.
thigh. And when Sherlock leaned in and grazed his teeth over his ear, he was done. He came with a grunt followed by a curse.
. He came back on being an empty shell. Then Mary came, and filled him with lies. She manipulated him, used his weakness, betrayed him. She hurt them all. After he gave her what was left of him. Now, if there's something John didn't regret, it was having Rosie.
Across from him, Mike's shiny forehead from sweating bullets are clearly visible. He almost laughed. His reputation of grilling his subjects had obviously reached his friend. A master of all trades  (literally, the mob's business) in the ports of London and the nearby cities, John doesn't like it when his people are doing something behind his back.
"First date, he excused himself that he has an experiment and he left it to you. So he said, 'I need to go home to John—I mean, my experiment."
Changing into his traveling clothes, John packed up with his small duffel bag behind him. When he's outside the hotel, a black car stops in front of him, as the window rolls down.
And when Sherlock moaned beneath him, John bit at the spot of the man's neck, he had always set his eyes upon all those years ago. Untouched, he felt Sherlock came against his stomach. Fuelled by desire and the heady smell of Sherlock's release, John rutted against his
Additional Tags: Establish Relationship - Husbands, Sexy times, Foreplay, Kissing, frottage, Frottage is art asdfghjkl—, 221b ficlet
The crowd of families and friends stood as the spoken words from the wedding song finished and the first chords of the Spanish guitar accompanied by an orchestra filled the air. Sherlock took a deep breath as he began to walk the carpeted aisle. Time seemed to slow down as he took the beautiful scene around him. It seemed as though he was on a fairytale wedding. And all began earlier that morning...
"My name is Sherlock and the place is 221b Baker Street. I'll wait for you. But you better not make me, Dr Watson. For I am an impatient man."
"Where's his coat?" John asks Marcus out loud who's standing there watching Sherlock with wide eyes as if Sherlock was a wild animal about to strike. "Marcus!"
Fuck. He didn't mean to let that slip. It's now or never then. So, he turned to Aunt Merle, and said, "You know, Sherlock's the most beautiful man I've ever seen. He's attractiveness not just because of his looks. He's smart. He plays the violin. And he's a darn great detective. There's not an inch of ugliness in him, so you better keep your opinions to yourself if you know it'll just hurt others. Thank you."
It was only then that Sherlock seem to blink back to life as John's worried eyes bore unto him. "Sherlock, are you alright? I honestly didn't mean to just leave you out of the loop but I really wanted to surprise you. An anniversary gift surprise— Happy fifth anniversary love— Sherlock?"
He smiled briefly, "Thank you, Mike." Then he leaned forward clasping his hands in front of him. "Say, do you hear about this ... drug ... going around the campuses? Any idea who's bringing them? Any suspicious bloke around?"
He shuddered from the chill that passed through the car's broken windshield. Pulling his winter jacket closer to his body, John ran the plan in his mind. Wait for Mycroft's go signal, look for Sherlock, retrieve Sherlock, take him home.
“Pay attention, soldier.” The man suddenly snapped at him. “If you really want to save your friend, we have to find him. Before another demon smells his body and makes it their vessel. He must be weak if he’s awake now.”  The man said before he turned. John immediately grabbed his wrist.
So, John planned to boost Sherlock's self confidence. To show Sherlock that he should be aware of how really good looking he was — in John's eyes.
But the moment he stepped out of his new flat, the sky poured its disappointment over him. Not to mention this voice inside his head telling him to call Mycroft and ask for Sherlock. No, he won't do that.
Being raised by an Aunt who has strong views about the LGBTQ+ community would do that to anyone. Little did John know, the root of Aunt Marley’s hatred originally came from his ex-husband. His Uncle Stefan. Uncle Stef was a gypsy of Irish descent and turned out to be gay. Hence the separation that broke their family. That broke his Aunt’s sanity. To make matters worse, Uncle Stef went to marry his distant cousin, Uncle Llewellyn. Uncle Llew was a gay gypsy as well.
Mrs Hudson clapped excitedly. "Oh, he is! You can go up now I believe. He's probably just resting now. I already have Rosie's things. But John —" Something in her voice told John that what she'd say should be taken seriously.
John watched for a bit as the two played, occasionally chuckling at Sherlock’s antics on teaching their daughter how to be a model. Afterwards, he went back to the kitchen to finish making their breakfast, silently planning how to make Sherlock wear those heels again.
The loud clap of thunder woke John from an uncomfortable sleep. He rubbed his eyes as he adjusted seeing in the darkness before waking up his phone to look at the time—0200. The dark dilapidated building across the rusty old car where he was hiding, was the last place of Sherlock's location according to Mycroft's source. He glanced at the dim light on the road provided by the lamp posts and the thickening snow moulds on the ground. The midnight weather forecasters had already issued a code red severe weather warning as the snowstorm turned for the worst.
"Let's look outside." He decided then turned towards the back door exit, the inspector following him behind. His senses sharpened when darkness welcomed them as he opened the back door. Greg held an arm and the detective pulled out his service gun, safety mechanism off, walking outside first.
“The both of you never left. For me. I always have you here.” Sherlock pointed to his temple, then placed a hand to his heart. And when Sherlock smiled softly in return at him, eyes filled with love and affection, John knew he found the one.
But what pushed John to the limit — impossible but true — was Sherlock's Aunt Merle, the older sister of Sherlock's mother. As Sherlock got hit by the perp in the face, John would've called the emergency line but his stubborn patient insisted of heading to his Aunt's house.
John did. He focused to the overwhelming pleasure now coursing through him. Eventually, his hands wandered. Caressing the soft fabric his fingers had gotten a hold of. Momentarily, the man froze as if distracted when John’s fingers touched the soft skin of his waist. But then he moved again, urgent this time.
John and Sherlock stand in front of you in this moment to share the love and happiness in their hearts as they take their relationship to a deeper level of commitment by making a passage into marriage."
But before he could even reach that peak, a loud thud from behind him followed by an inhuman howl distracted him enough to get a grip of reality.
There was a time when Sherlock wasn't alone. Because he had John in his life. He vividly remember when Sherlock asked him that question of where he was deployed.
"Child's play." The man replied but John knew better. It was there in Sherlock's eyes, so he just giggled.
“John?” John looked over his shoulder to see Sherlock reaching out a hand on his side of the bed, with eyes still closed. Sherlock’s lips pouted after finding out that John wasn’t there. John had to stiffle a laugh. There were times that Sherlock was so possessive of him.
John bit his lower lip as he laid the spoon down. He had to think of something. But of course, the man before him weren't called a detective for nothing.
John's hand tightened against Sherlock's filling him inside with a reassuring warmth as they replied their affirmation.
John swore over and over again inside his head as the perp gestured his hand to a stabbing motion. John grabbed the nearing thing his hand can hold as he passed a trash bin on his way. Luckily, it was the lid. John thrown the lid with all the strength that he has hitting the perp bullseye on the head.
He lost track of time as John told him about the new member of their little family while he listened eagerly. Laughters and a bit of tears and soft murmurs of apologies afterwards, they talked about what happened earlier, and what triggered Sherlock's delusions. Then in the comfort of their bed, they decided to go into therapy the next morning.
He tried to open his mouth but no words would come out. So he just looked down at his pale hands, clenching and unclenching them.
"I was hoping to help you. Looks like you're looking for something." He threaded carefully. The man eyed him silently. "I was a soldier. A former Captain of the Northumberland Fusiliers." John placated.
"Happy Valentine's Day, John. Thank you for making my very first special." Sherlock whispered quietly.
John was about to reply when Mike's door opened again causing the young man to panic and run towards the exit.
For the third time this week, John went out again. The fact that Sherlock couldn't contact his husband immediately and John would only reply later on in vague words, made him think of things he thought he would never experience again.
But what he didn't expect was finding Mycroft in his parents' doorsteps that fateful day of September with a bunch of MI6 agents behind him.
Until Mycroft spilled the truth. His, Mrs. Hudson's and Greg's life were in danger. Now, if only Mycroft had learned to shut his mouth, John wouldn't have felt remorse when he punched Sherlock in the nose, and left him alone in that restaurant. No, he wouldn't have hurt Sherlock. Because now John realised, it was fucking worth the pain seeing Sherlock standing there beside him again — alive — staring, more like glaring at the clouds like they stole his favourite cookies Mrs. Hudson baked.
His husband cleared his throat and spoke. "Kirsten called me earlier." John said in a careful voice. So, that's her name.
The man then seem to sense that he's genuine, for the piercing dark brown eyes relaxed from weary and gratitude replaced them.
Additional Tags: Original Character, Canon Divergence but AU, Situations dealing with allergic reaction, anaphylaxis, John swearing, Mild Bit Not Good John, Pining!John, Jealous!John, Soft!Sherlock, Idiots in Love, Kisses—hot kisses, HEA
The past few days since Sherlock came back alive from his 'fake death', John tried to act like it was ... nothing. Like it's just Sherlock being Sherlock with his love for being dramatic.
"Status report." He murmured through the com. John watched the far side once again when the beam transferred to the other side. "Looks like they know we're here. Any sightings of the other perps?" He added.
The young man blushed again and nodded. "I ... I should get going. I still have my project to do... and some homeworks." Beautiful stranger said quietly.
John leaned on Sherlock’s shoulder with a content smile on his lips. “Would you like to apply for some part-time modeling, Mister?” He asked in an innocent voice. Looking up, he met Sherlock’s hooded gaze.
“I bet you are.” John murmured in reply. His eyes locked with the man. “I’m John Watson by the way. And uhm … Thank you for … saving my friend.” Then he added softly. “And saving my life." He hesitated. "Will I … ever see you again someday?”
Sherlock was now wearing the silk velvet robe tied in the front. John expertly deduced, Sherlock was naked underneath. His throat instantly went dry. Sherlock looked so sexy and fucking tempting. He poured and downed a glass then placed it on the table. Then he stalked his husband.
Marcus blinks at him. "I … I l-left it in my car. I asked Sherlock not to carry it. We wouldn't be staying long anyway—"
As for the rings, when he decided to buy one, Sherlock said that they should buy each other's ring. So it was to his surprise that they both bought a platinum band with red gold liner, each engraved. The one he bought for Sherlock has a Latin inscription he found online. In perpetuum et unum diem (which means, "Forever and a day").
An important one in Chinese cuisine. A teaspoon of soy sauce. That's why he couldn't taste any saltiness in the soup.
"Excuse me, ma'am. But please forgive us if we're not here to listen to your preaching. Your nephew's face is bleeding. I would've taken him to the hospital if not for him asking to go here instead. Now, if you won't be able to help us, then we're going.
Sherlock blinked at the sight of John, with his head bowed down and palms covering his face. He slowly closed the door as not to surprise Rosie who's busy fumbling with his father's shoelaces. It was then that Sherlock deduced the two had just gone back from a walk while he's out interviewing victims for a murder case that Greg asked him for help.
"Alright. I just want to let you know that I'll leave some of my people around the school's vicinity outside—"
“He touched you.” The man answered. “That type of demon spreads their poison by touching you. Then they’ll pretend to grant you three wishes like a little fairy. Instead, they will conjure an illusion where they are there with you and they fulfilled your wish. When the truth is, they never did. They’ll continue to feed on your soul’s energy until you die.”
John eyed the towering Eiffel Tower just across from him. Around him, tourists chatter here and there in different languages, carrying maps of Paris and souvenirs. Most of them sitting under huge colourful umbrellas hiding from the sun. The sun that is scorching hot against his skin, but John didn't mind. He observed, rain would come later.
"Obviously. And hugging a lot, obviously." Charlie said with a small chuckle and wrapped her arms around him too. "You're almost as bad as dad in that regard." She said and chuckled.
Sherlock smiled, leaning back against John for a moment, "Well, if you want, you can cube some tomatoes and mix them with cubed from the can, angelo called it his 'secret'." he said, imitating Angelo's accent for the last word. "Although I wouldn't mind if you'd just stay like that, while I chop the vegetables." he said and turned his head, giving John a small smile instead of a kiss, because.. well, blood.
John smirked a bit. "Well, now that I've got the opportunity, I definitely want to try it out; if just to say I've done it before. Even if the cannon's not working." He added with a laugh.
John began to chuckle, before looking over his shoulder when he heard footsteps coming downstairs. "I've never thought sleep could be such a waste of time." He said and kissed Sherlock quickly, before the others were coming back into the kitchen.
"We're going to force them into dresses, right?" Sherlock asked and chuckled, "They deserve a big fancy wedding just as much as everyone else does." he said and smiled at John. "And I'd just love to see the faces of passers by when the brides kiss each other and the grooms do too." he said and laughed.
Sherlock sighed a little, "All of that is true, but I think John forgot to mention one important factor there, we don't want to spoil your fun, we react like that, because we care about you." he said and rested a hand on her shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze. "We worry about you, that's the deal, you know. You don't get parents without them spoiling your fun now and then because they worry about your health and safety." he said and smiled at her.
John, who was already ready to leave, took Sherlock's free hand hand lead them out of the door and onto the street. "I feel like we could hire Harry as our chauffeur, considering how often we take cabs." He said with a bit of a laugh.
John watched Sherlock for a moment before following suit. Right, they might actually have to run tonight if these people thought now was a good time to break in. ...The longer the girls lived here, the more he hated the fact that their bedrooms were technically outside of the flat. If they were fast asleep there was really no way they'd hear someone on the staircase. With a sigh, he pulled Sherlock a bit more closely than usual towards himself.
"You aren't food." Sherlock said and rolled his eyes, "If I ever bite you it'll be for pleasure and not for nutrition John." he said and smirked at him. "That'll make you understand why I say there's a difference between a love bite and a hickey."
Amy smiled and grabbed one of the bees, looking at it carefully. "It's so pretty! /And/ it smells like chocolate!" She exclaimed with a giggle, before looking up to the adults to see if they shared her enthusiasm. "Yes, Rosie's bees are very pretty. And what do we say, honey?" Her mother reminded her. "Thank you, Rosie!" Amy chirped and wrapped her arms a bit clumsily around the taller girl's waist.
"That's quite the compliment right there." John said with a bit of a smirk after swallowing. "And I agree, it tastes fantastic. Thank you for cooking for us."
Charlie stopped and thought for a moment if it was wise to tell him she was a vampire.. Then again, she had already chosen sides hadn't she? And it'd be a hard lie to maintain.. "Nope, I sometimes even feel like I could survive on just tomato juice alone." She said with a smirk, figuring that to any normal person that'd just sound like she was very much into tomatoes.
"I'm sorry, Charlie, I've got a very important gig there. I can't possibly call that off." Lowell said and grimaced a little, it really did bother him to have to say no.
"I'd like to take you up on that offer if you don't think he'll mind." Viktor said and got to his feet.
"Duty of confidentiality." John reminded him kindly to ditch the subject. "So that's a no to tea then?"
John looked up at him, quite alarmed and nodded, before rising to his feet, ready to see what was going on. Because yes, there was definitely someone beginning to go up their stairs right now.
"And then some." Sherlock said with a chuckle, "Took me the whole night to convince him that I'm not lying to him and he was more than once about to leave." he said and smiled, "But eventually he believed me."
"They're my violently homophobic aunt and her pet husband." John explained and shook head at the thought of them. "A lovely pair as you can imagine." He commented, giving Sherlock a look and opening the door for Lowell.
Sherlock chuckled, "You will." he said and smiled at the young girl, "I could check if John has a younger cousin," he said with a laugh, "The Watsons do have an astounding ability to deal with people like you and me. My mum is actually married to his uncle."
"Oh, I didn't mean 'playing' that way, don't worry." Sherlock said with a smile, "What did you find out, though.. Rosie already told me that you've found photos of your families.." he said and looked at Charlie. "Yeah we did!" Rosie said, she was still sniffling, but not crying anymore. "We were both two years old when we arrived here." she said.
"Awesome, thanks." Charlie said with a smile and looked up when she saw John coming back to them, balancing three mugs of tea. "Just in case you wanted something warm in your belly.." He said and put them next to the plate. "It's good to know Rosie and I aren't gonna starve here." She said and chuckled. "Though I should probably mention that two of the mugs were meant for Sherlock and me." He added with a smirk, which made Charlie laugh a bit. "Yeah, you know, I did figure that much."
Ron smiled as he knocked at Charlie's door, "It's me! Can I come in?" he called through the closed door.
"Me too!" Amy said and smiled at Charlie before they both ran back to Amber's room. "Oh, he and Amber are visiting his mother for her 82nd birthday." Vanessa told them and led them inside, though that was a piece of information that made him cringe. "Remind me to call her, will you?" He whispered as Vanessa disappeared into the kitchen to get some blood.
"That's very convenient indeed." Violet chuckled. "Speaking of which, I'm going to go back to Paul and my girls soon, so tell me if you still want to talk about something today, honey."
Sherlock nodded at that, locking the flat door as well, "Is it stupid that I feel quite bad about leaving her tied up and now even gagging her? I mean, I'm still mad as hell at her, but .. it still feels weird."
"Sicher hab ich eine Fackel." Sherlock said and pulled a torch out of the tool box, lighting it with his lighter, "There we go." he said with a smile.
"Jesus, how would that even work?" John asked and huffed a bit. "I mean, I can't imagine coming up with any of that, even in my dreams but..."
"I don't think he was annoyed, but he might've looked like that because of the price of it." Charlie said and casually slipped her hand into his. "He's more, I don't know.. aware of money, like just in general. Like, he hates accepting it, even from my paps, so maybe he was a bit suspicious why you got some thing like that for her."
"Not really.." Sherlock said with a sigh, "Most of the leads we had were dead ends." he said and sighed, "I guess all we can do at this point is wait and see if something new comes up."
Sherlock nodded, getting out of the tub and taking a few towels and putting them under John's feet, "I'll rather stay mobile so I can act quickly.." he said and looked at the cup, before looking back at John, "Just in case."
Sherlock smiled as he put a cushion on Rosie's chair and lifted her on top of it, so she'd have a little height boost, "Viktor, Scout fell asleep
"No, we did leave the Mona Lisa where it is." Sherlock said and laughed, "I'm only spoiling you with expensive things you actually want to have." he said and smiled
Sherlock frowned a little and caught John's hand before he could turn away, "Are we... I mean... we're okay right? You're not going to .. break up or something?" he asked, suddenly feeling a little insecure with John being so.. distracted. It really felt a little like he was avoiding him.
"I Don't even really know what to say, Mr." John said, shaking his head and leaning into Sherlock. He wasn't actually mad at him, but he did think that this couldn't become the norm for future shopping trips. And John had a feeling Sherlock was definitely going to absolutely spoil the girls if he didn't say something. "But at least all the things you got are very pretty from all I can tell." John said, which made Charlie chirp. "You know, we were actually doing a runway show. Sherlock's the moderator and you could be the cheering audience." Charlie chuckled and gave Rosie a look.
"Pretty sure I could manage to charm your dad." Sherlock said and smirked, "If you learn one thing in 240 years, it's how to get your way with people. I'd like to at least.. you know.. try to meet your family..." he said and shrugged lightly, "Seems kind of.. mandatory, given that I intend to spend eternity with you." he said and smirked, "I probably spare out the vampire thing, though."
"If I remember correctly she was your only aunt.." Sherlock said and laughed, nudging his cousins shoulder with his own. "But yeah.. we should do that some time.. I mean.. I could easily get us some horses." he said and Harry chuckled, "Yeah, I'd really love to see Johnny sitting on a horse.." she said and giggled as she sat down next to Clara on the sofa. "We tried that once when I had a couple of lessons. He nearly cried because the /pony/ was taller than him." she laughed.
"Try being 18 forever." Sherlock said and rolled his eyes with a laugh, fixing his seatbelt. "I mean.. chemistry prodigy worked well enough.. it's different in the orphanage, though.. I mean.. at least all the colleagues there do know that there's more beyond my young appearance.. it's strangely satisfying not to be treated like a child."
"Well.. it was different than we had expected.. not that John expected it in the first place, but you know what I mean." Sherlock chuckled.
John's look became more tired at that. "Mmh, and you've let me in on that a whole one and a half days ago." He gave Sherlock's hand a squeeze. "One battle at a time, alright love? I doubt I'm in the position to seriously think about those choices right now. But yes, if all goes well I think we should eventually tell them."
"Nope" John said simply so as not to give anything away; he'd worked enough overtime for this that he really didn't want to spoil the surprise now. "But thanks a lot." He chuckled and gave Sherlock a look.
"No yelling, no cursing, no violence and no gunshots; believe me, that could've gone worse." John told Sherlock and gave his hand a squeeze. "You know, just because I've never seen him cry in twenty years, doesn't mean he never does. Just that he prefers to keep it that way, I guess. And that probably goes for a wide array of emotions. Especially with you, I'd imagine." John certainly didn't feel good about what had just happened, but he wanted to avoid that Sherlock would give himself a hard time for that.
"Oh shut it, I'm just trying to do a good job.." Sherlock said with a roll of his eyes, but he couldn't help but laugh, "And you do know what it is. You just want to make me uncomfortable by the idea of having to explain it to you, which is working, should we get some tea upstairs?" he asked with a chuckle.
"Oh well it's nice that he sticks to that." Sherlock said and looked at her for a moment, "Okay, what do you want to ask?" he asked, because there clearly was something.
Sherlock sighed as he spotted his brother, "Hi." he said and rolled his eyes, which was the natural reaction to seeing his brother. "How necessary to see you."
"Oh isn't that nice." Donna chirped and cleared her throat, "And you brought your ... brothers?" she asked, clearly bewildered by the idea to bring one's brothers to buy a dress.
"Yeah maybe don't overdo it, though." Sherlock said and with a laugh, "Wouldn't want to have her think we're paying you for it." he said and smiled, standing up. "But yeah, John is right, bedtime." he said and smiled.
Sherlock chuckled, "Alright." he said and looked over at John, smiling at him, "How about a proper kiss before we're spending the day with a bunch of minors and my mother?" he asked and smirked at John.
Sherlock smiled as the guests began strolling in with even wider eyes than they had when John, Greg and Sherlock had announced that their 'field trip' actually was a shopping trip for prom wear for Charlie's birthday party.
"Oh, but I hope, you'll bring the drawing home after work so we can put it on our fridge." Sherlock said and smiled at John, "We're really lacking good art at home." he said with a chuckle.
"Hm.. yeah, I guess no other band comes close to their music." Charlie said with a nod, before turning back to her laptop.
"No, they're reptiles. All the descendants of a given ancestor are included in the monophyletic group that contains that ancestor. Turtles, despite being strange or somehow different, are descendants from the same most recent common ancestor of Reptilia... that's why turtles are reptiles which is why birds are reptiles as well." Sherlock explained automatically.
"Alright. See you then." Ron said and walked towards the door, still smiling to himself as he left Charlie's room and walked back downstairs, poking his head into the living room, "Bye John, bye Sherlock." he said and smiled politely (at least he hoped so, though perhaps he was still smiling like a smitten fool rather).
"Maybe it's better if we wait to tell him until we know how your dad reacts?" Sherlock said and shrugged, "Lets not get Richard's hopes up.." he mumbled nipping at his glass again, before finishing the second donut.
"True, but having that idea in the back of our mind will probably make us focus more on qualities that would make him a good security or not." Sherlock said, pulling the blanket a bit higher up over his shoulders.
"Course not. I do want you here. And it's not like you're about to just bite me without permission." John said with a smile, looking a bit disappointed at first at not having Sherlock kiss him anymore, before his look softened the way the chemistry student looked at him. "You're okay?"
"I'm already looking forward to that." Clara said with a smile to Harry and wrapped her arm around her middle. John rolled his eyes at the first part of what Sherlock had said, but kept his arm around Sherlock. "But it's your lucky day, because apparently we're not going to end up fighting over a game after all." He told the women with a chuckle.
John chuckled warmly. "I agree. I'm already wondering what you might become when you grow up." He almost wanted to add that he couldn't wait to watch that happen, but stopped himself, since he didn't know if he'd get the chance to do that. "We others will have to watch out." He added playfully.
Since it was only about half an hour until John would get off of work, he decided to pick him up, getting a cab to the station and waiting outside for him .
"Well I'm sure your dad would be proud to see you following in his footsteps." Sherlock said and smiled, "I still remember how he kept saying what a shame it is that women weren't allowed to become lawyers since you would make a great one."
"Erm, yeah, that might be a good idea." John chuckled and put the bags down in the living room, before following Sherlock into the kitchen. "Don't tell me they actually grew legs and ran away." He said with a frown, noticing the note in Sherlock's hand. "Mrs Hudson's an angel."
"I don't think I like that." Rosie said and shook her head, "Can't you listen to my heart again instead?" she asked hopefully and Sherlock chuckled a little, "Honeybee, Paul has to take a bit of your blood, he'll look at it through a microscope to see why you two are getting sick so often." he said and ruffled her hair a bit, "It'll just take a moment and it'll help to get you healthy again more quickly." he explained and Rosie nodded, still not looking happy about it. "Kay..." she mumbled.
"You should stop the muttering to yourself as well." William said and frowned, "One of the nurses told me that the psychiatrists go after these things like vultures, he called it. Just try to be like they want you to be, what you think is irrelevant, that they can't see, but on the outside, you have to try to make them think they've cured you. So no more talk about vampires and no muttering, okay? I guess that means for me that I should stop telling people that I'm gay and proud of it too.." he said with a quiet chuckle.
"Right. Shame that." John said with a sigh as they walked back to the shed. "So you think Charlie and Jane are keeping something from us then?" He asked after a while to have something harmless to chat about.
"Yeah I will be seeing him soon enough." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "Can you copy the letter too? I'd really like to show it to John and Charlie, if that's okay. It's just really sweet."
"Oh. I don't think we ever considered that." Molly commented and looked quite taken aback by that. "I'll definitely take that to Mrs. Hope and our psychologist." She said to Sherlock with a nod, feeling bad about having missed that.
"It was alright. Just a regular study day." John said and gave him a smile, putting his bag down. "What about you and the girls?
"Yeah, that sounds like a plan." John nodded. "Otherwise, they do look identical, Charlie's right about that. You could also call him yourself to hire him. If you're able to recognise his voice after all that time that'd work too."
"That is true. God, I just want to know where she is.." Sherlock said and bit his lip, "But like this.. it's horrible. Do you think she's alright? I mean... it's getting late and cold, she has no blood.. and even if someone took her in, she'd still have no blood.." Sherlock sighed, leaning back against John for a moment.
"Yeah, I like that one." John said with a smile and Charlie nodded. "Me too, it's only got four chords in it so I can totally do the karaoke version of that. Unless you want me to play the melody because then I should start practising some time soon."
"Yes, that's true." John said and pecked Sherlock's lips before deciding to pull the oldest trick in the psychology book once more. "Let's think about the girls' home once they're actually safe again, okay? Right now they're upstairs, with us and safe."
"I've got a laptop too!" Rosie chirped and chuckled, "And it's got a bee on it, look!" she said and pointed at the small educational computer for kids.
John pulled their blanket out of its covers to change them, chuckling at the comment. "Well, if I could snap my fingers to make you lie in a clean bed, I'd do it."
"Yes, please. The sooner I've replaced it the better." John said and got back under the covers to rest. Maybe by tomorrow morning his headache would be gone at this pace. "How much blood exactly did you buy?" He asked after a moment.
"To be honest, I'm a little nervous too," Sherlock said with a small laugh, "So is John, so we're all in the same boat, I think. It's a new situation for all of us."
"Ew.. but keep it down, I live directly above you." Charlie commented from across the stove, which made John roll his eyes a bit a bit. "Yes, we will. And In my defence, I never actually accused you of anything."
Sherlock chuckled at the kiss, leaning down to take off those shoes, "Not yet, but I'm sure mum won't mind." he said, dropping the shoes and leaning in to give John a proper kiss.
"Thank you." Charlie said with a smile and took the flower, before pulling him into a hug (she was a Watson now so that was bon tone). "She'll be thrilled; did you get that from your mum?"
"Well education is a necessity especially when you're solving crimes, and advanced knowledge on forensics, biology and chemistry can work out in your favour." Sherlock said and smiled, "Also, I might not actually join the police, I do favour becoming a freelance detective if I'm honest, I'm just not that much of a fan of bureaucracy and having my actions dictated by suit and tie people that feel more important than they actually are." he said, adding the last comment mainly because he had just remembered how John had said his father disliked that kind of people as well.
"I genuinely doubt he will right away. He's a much bigger sceptic than i am and even I almost broke up with Sherlock over this." John said with a frown. "Was that really just two days a go? It feels so much longer."
"Billy?" Ron asked as he walked a bit closer to the skull, "He's real, isn't he?" he asked with a grin, looking at Charlie, "Who was he?" he asked and frowned, "I guess it's a he anyway, going by the wells above the eyes. With men they're more apparent than with women." he said and suddenly realised how much of a nerd he sounded like right now. "I mean.. I just saw that on one of those shows where they show mysterious crimes and how they've been solved using new forensic methods and stuff." he said while Sherlock couldn't help smile, "He was a man, yeah. Family heirloom. Used to be a pirate." he said and Ron smiled at that, "Cool." he said, still grinning.
"Oh wait." Sherlock said with a laugh and grabbed a couple of Janine's discarded hairpins lying on the table (she had taken them out a while ago), before he grabbed the thin white blanket that had been lying folded up next to him on the sofa. Walking over to Janine, he quickly made a makeshift toga out of it, fastening it with the hairpins, before using his scarf as a belt for her. "That's better" he said and chuckled, while Harry raised a brow at him, "Now Sherlock, you've got some hidden talent there." she said and Sherlock laughed, "Well, I've helped my best friend and my mother regularly with their dresses when I was little and I've got two little girls at home, what do you expect?" he asked with a grin.
"It's alright, young lady, I don't think your father would like to invite strangers to your home. And I'm already very grateful for the sandwiches." Viktor said just as Charlie returned and gave him a smile. "Oh, you're welcome."
Rosie chuckled and tugged Charlie along towards her room, "Maybe you can come with us next time we make a trip and maybe then you can see their flat too! It's really big and they have an own kitchen /and/ living room!"
"Okay." Rosie said and put the photo into the suitcase, before she put the jumper on top of it. "Like that?" she asked, looking up at Charlie.
Charlie was already excited; she'd get an early weekend, plus (a big plus) a temporary home. She really did try to see it as a big sleepover, just the way she'd told Rosie, so now she was looking forward to finally having Sherlock and John come around... After double checking she'd packed her suitcase, she went over to Rosie's room to help her get ready. With a smile I'm her face she knocked on her door.
"That really only depends on whether you can remember how loud I was when you did the last time." John chuckled, though he really wanted to avoid the girls hearing them at all cost. "I still can't believe there's a way to make having sex with you even more addictive." He murmured and sucked softly on Sherlock's neck.
"Not yet.. to be honest.. I haven't really looked.." Sherlock said, sounding almost embarrassed, "Getting used to parenting and that with Christmas coming up.. we kind of had our hands full, but I do hope it'll become a little less stressful soon, so we can actually focus on finding out more. Charlie is quite eager to help with that too.. has she talked to you about it? I told her to talk to you.. but she didn't seem to thrilled about the idea.."
“Well actually I think he sees it as more of a cure given that it was the only way for a newborn to survive." Sherlock said and frowned, "Although I don't know what he thinks about it now, knowing it's the reason his father left him."
"His last name's Brooke." John said with a shrug. "Look, I- " He sighed, feeling bad for suggesting something like that. "we've agreed that Charlie is a bit overly alert anyway at the moment. He could just be related to that Jim. Maybe Moriarty's his mother's maiden name or something... And this joke could've just been, you know, a joke."
John broke his daze, turned to look at him and said, “You’re right, Sherlock. It’s not the best time for anything right now. Alright?” The feeling in his hands revived, allowing him to place his left palm against his forehead. He could feel the stinging in his hand. It slowly made its way up to his shoulder. He welcomed the pain for it would give his head a moment to recover.
They started kissing again. They both closed their eyes and as if they could read each other's thoughts, Sherlock grasped John's cock and John grabbed his.
John always said that things that are different are better because they have their own unique pattern in life. Sherlock once asked if that applied to people as well. He remembers John taking his hand, kissing it, and saying, "Especially you, my love. Especially you."
Mycroft was unphased by the doctor's stern tone. "No, our sibling did not die in a fire. This is the story we tell family and friends. Yes, we have a brother but he no longer goes by Eurus." Mycroft closed his eyes. He took a deep breathe in and for a moment wondered if he should proceed. He decided it was time. He opened his eyes to look up at the ceiling again.
"Sherlock? What are you doing?" He yelled out, placing his hand out forward to grab his shoulder. He turned him around expecting something terrible.
Sherlock looked down to see John's pants and he unbuttoned them. John was so hard that he barely had to do anything to bring the zipper down. Sherlock pulled his pants and underwear down below his ass. John twisted his body a little and somehow managed to bring his jeans down lower towards his ankles. Then he helped Sherlock pull his pants down below his knees.
Friday comes along and this is the one day of the week that Sherlock doesn't love. It's the one day that he never sees John because he's working at the hospital. Sherlock hates going a whole day without John because it makes him sick. Physically sick. That's why he doesn't mind when he starts to doze off.
Another ten minutes passed by. Mycroft could've waited all day had it not been for John. He had started to return the gestures, making the sounds that went along with it.
"You have to sit in the chair", said Mrs. Hudson as she stood by the main door. She had a smug look on her face. "That's the only way they'll talk with you."
Mycroft had had enough of their flirtation. "Alright. Enough! I'll sit but please stop before I regurgitate." He was obviously grumpy because he had to sit in the client chair but it was their playful eye ogling that really bothered the Iceman.
John rushed to him and as he took ahold of his arm, a tall figure popped out from the other side of the ring. The man crashed into John and they both fell to the floor. He had knocked the wind out of him and now he laid over John with his face over his, chest to chest. He had him pinned to the ground.
Mrs. Hudson laughed uncontrollably. As she walked away she hollered out, "I hope you cleared your schedule because you're going to be waiting a long time."
John does two shifts and by the time he comes home, Sherlock is asleep. He tries to stay up and wait for him but no matter how hard he fights it, sleep always wins. Sherlock loves this kind of sleep though because it's the only way he's able to stop thinking about the pain. That and if he manages to stay asleep throughout the night, the next day comes sooner.
John replied just as sweetly, "I promise. And don't worry, we'll be here for the dinner party next month." He saw a small look of surprise across her face. "Ah, yes. Sorry. He figured it out earlier. You did leave the list of guests on the coffee table, though."
John cleared his throat and shifted uncomfortably. "No, of course not. But in that moment... jealousy just got the better of me, I guess." He said sighed and looked up at his boyfriend. "I'm sorry, it's something I should probably work on. In my defence though, Harry wasn't exactly helping."
"Well, you've been here for, I don't know, three days and you're already taking little girls out to your home, bringing them back later than agreed and now you want to be their foster parent to them because we don't do a good enough job looking after them? Yes, there is a problem." Sally spat out angrily.
"Really??" Charlie asked him with a grin, before wrapping her arms around him once more. "You think he'll be interested in me by then?"
Sherlock frowned, looking down at Rosie, before looking back up at Greg, "Well, I've got one." he said and smiled a little, "Any chance Rosie could join us for reading and writing?" he asked and chuckled as Rosie's eyes grew wide at that suggestion.
John grinned at that. Wow. I'm way too lucky for there not to be a catch.." John said and walked with Sherlock into the living room, neatly hanging his jacket.
"Okay!" Rosie said after taking a small sip of blood, licking her lips, before she turned and walked back into the living room, making sure not to spill anything, "John's made juice for all of us!" she said as they entered the living room and Sherlock smiled at her, "Now that's very nice of him." he said and smiled at John, moving over to steal himself another small kiss, before he took his glass from him, that had just become a habit since he couldn't kiss him directly after drinking blood..
"Of course. We want you both to have nice dresses to wear that day." John said with a smile. "But you only get to wear it today and on Charlie's actual birthday so it doesn't get dirty or rip in the meantime."
"Right.." Sherlock said and looked over at John, "Well.. I don't want to push you, you know that.. but.. we'll be spending nearly four days all by ourselves in a hotel that's expensive enough to know they'll respect our privacy.. and well, I think there are worse places than a five star room with a clear view on the Eiffel Tower."
"So.. yeah, Ron's dad owns the puzzles around the corner and John- I mean Ron, would like to show it to me." Charlie said and bit her lip. "Could I please go with him there tomorrow? Alone, I mean." She asked, looking up at them (and leaving puppy-dog eyes in the closet since this was serious business and she wanted to seem trustworthy.) John smiled a bit before looking over to Sherlock. "Actually, I've seen the café and I don't really see a reason not to let her go in the middle of the day. Or when did you want to go there?" Charlie's eyes lit up and she shook her head. "No, we wanted to go in the early afternoon." She said eagerly, looking at them both questioningly.
"Yeah, let's do that!" Charlie smiled and slipped back into her jacket. "I'm afraid, I didn't get to clean up, so be warned, the flat is in a bit of a state. "John said with a bit of a laugh, before getting to his feet.
"Yeah.. sounds ... good." Sherlock said hesitantly and smiled sheepishly at John, it just felt odd to have confirmed mental issues. Especially with a doctor at home. When they talked about it, he kind of felt more like a patients sometimes. But then again, it was also helpful to talk about it. It was just a weird feeling generally. "Is it stupid to ask you to text me when you're there?" he asked and cleared his throat. "And.. when you're leaving?"
"Awesome" Charlie smiled and glanced at his lips. before cupping his cheek the way she Lowell had done it during her first kiss and brushed her thumb over his cheek (because if a kiss wasn't wanted, she'd screwed up anyway so why not do it properly; but Ron just seemed like he adorably careful, so she was probably safe). Figuring there was no point in waiting any longer, she leaned in two seconds later and softly kissed his lips.
"Hm, I mean, I've had relationships with younger girls." He commented and took the blood. "You think they're already serious?"
"To be quite honest, no." Jane said and shook her head, "But whatever more advanced time period you live in with men being allowed to marry men and adopting too.. this one's quite different. Men can be executed for being in intimate relationships with other men. And.. well, he's never been interested in women at all, not even as a young boy, when the other's begin to show some interest in girls, when he was your age, he swooned over the local baker's son." she said and shook her head, "Nothing's come of it, of course. But I could read it from his face as clearly as letters in a book."
Sherlock nodded, "We were thinking about inviting Harry, Clara and Jane too.." he said and sat up a bit, starting to stand up to walk his mother to the door.
"Well, we've got another eight with Rosie before it comes to that again." John said with a shrug. "Anyway, I think I'll go upstairs to talk to her in a few minutes. So Rosie still likes Harry Potter?"
That made Clara laugh again. "Really? It's good to know he's so good with children in case we'll ever go down that road." She said sheepishly; she'd been wanting to have children for a long time, but didn't want to press anything or make any big suggestions in front of their guests.
"Don't want to talk about it." John said and just shook his head. "You want some tea, love? I could turn on the kettle again."
In front of the church were all the familiar faces from Emma's birthday. A few feet away from the church stood for example Gareth talking to Mark and John's Emma's young niece. They were all wearing either black suits or dresses and looking grief-stricken. "Sherlock, you haven't had the chance to see John yet, have you?" David asked, once they stood in front of the church.
Viktor laughed a bit at that. "Yes, I figured. Viktor 'addock." He said with a nod, mildly surprised by how strange it felt to say his full name again. It had been quite a while since he'd done that the last time.
"Thanks!" Rosie chirped, finishing a move, "Now you David! I can show you how it works! It's not that hard!" she said and grinned at John's father.
"Oh." Ron said and smiled, "Hi." he said and blushed a bit, for what reason ever, he really couldn't tell. "Oh erm.. this is Charlie." he said and turned to Charlie, "That's Colin, he's my ex-boyfriend.." he said and was glad he and Colin did get along well, otherwise this would have been awkward.
"True. Let's grab some dog food then. Grab a bunch of it, we can give him some extra, I guess." Sherlock said and chuckled, looking at Rosie and pressing a kiss to her cheek, which she wiped off with a giggle, "Seems like we can still learn something from you, bee." he said with a smile.
"Trust me, she's going to like the guitar lessons better." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "Oh and, yes, of course I'm sure where I'm going, I've got every street in this town memorised." he said with a smirk, as he parked a bit away from the Big Ben, "Come on, we don't have time for sightseeing." he said with a laugh as he got out of the car and grabbed a picnick basket from the boot, which Mrs Hudson had packed for him and hidden in the car.
"Not really, but I've no idea how long you were planning to tease me." He said and leaned in closer. "And right now I'm an impatient man."
Within 15 minutes Sherlock was on his way back home (thanks to a queue of solely older ladies who he had asked if they could let him go first since he had a teenage puberty emergency at him and who had given him some giggles and also some proud looks and comments about how nice he was to be doing this for his younger sister - he could hardly tell them he had a 13 year old daughter, looking barely 20 himself). Entering 221B with three large shopping bags containing various brands and sizes and types (even some of the scented ones) of pads and tampons, he did think that the smallest tampons made sense for a girl her age, but he really hadn't been sure so he had simply bought all sizes, he had various variations of teas that had been recommended in many posts on the internet, along with one that was especially for women which according to the description would regulate the hormonal balance naturally and help with cramps and such, he had cookies and chocolate ice cream, books on puberty and a comprehensive brochure about the first period they had given him at boots when he had explained the situation and asked for suitable painkillers, he also had some films he knew Charlie liked on DVD, an electrical heating pad, a hot water bottle and a grain pillow (so she could choose whatever she found helped the most). In short, with all the stuff in his bags he barely fit through the doorways as he made his way into the house and up the stairs to Charlie's room, knocking lightly.
"Oh, I don't know," Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "Working here must be interesting too. I'm sure you meet all sorts of interesting people." he said, clearing his throat, "So, why don't you write your number onto one of the papers and I'll give you a call tonight?" he asked.
"I'm already looking forward to that." Charlie told Rosie with a smile, before turning around to say goodbye to her friends. They were all presumably in Emilia's room, so that's where she was headed. Weird, the past week she hadn't really spent much time with them outside classes.
Mycroft gave Sherlock a thin-lipped smile. "Come on, Myc. I still think you you make a smashing bumblebee." Greg said with a chuckle and pat him on his shoulder. "I mean, who doesn't like bumblebees?"
"Might be a lot to ask, but any chance to could be sober for the vows at least?" Sherlock asked with a chuckle, shaking his head, "I mean I can see how alcohol would help to marry a nutter like me, but... I'd still prefer you to remember the ceremony part."
"That's brilliant." David chuckled and was pleased the light wasn't flickering anymore, before beginning to put the bee case back on. "And you've changed into a very pretty outfit, young lady." He said with a smile.
"Well, I've got a brother, Catherine's father, with who I haven't spoken to each other in years after a particularly bad argument." Viktor said and let out a sigh. "And how these things go, they only get messier with time. My nieve lives in New Zealand and is working hard to establish a life over there. I wouldn't ask anything like that of her."
Sherlock smiled, "Exactly." he said and chuckled, "Well done, or as Germans say, gut gemacht." he said as they started to walk up the stairs "Papa can we say hi to daddy even though he has to study today?" Rosie asked and Sherlock chuckled, "Of course you can say hi to daddy." he said and smiled as Rosie rushed up the stairs, "Daddy!" she called, "We're home!" she added.
"Is there any language you don't speak?" John asked him jokingly as he got into the boat and took the oars.
"Interesting." Mycroft remarked almost smiling. Should he look up basic facts about him before calling? ...If he'd worked sloppy Mycroft would be able to trace him back to his actual birth date. "Do you happen to know his birth era." He asked to save himself some work.
"You only think he's alright because he made clear that he's got zero sexual interest in me." Sherlock teased, leaning in to peck John's lips.
"Well.. looking at it now, I still think it's a coincidence.." Sherlock said and frowned, "Just.. that the coincidence is that I know him and am connected to that case." he said and looked at the photo again, "I think Charlie's right though.. he definitely has something to do with it. Just.. honestly he was a nutcase, I don't think he's the head behind it."
"He did?" David asked, before climbing down the ladder now that the lamp was working properly. "From all I can tell I have no doubt that you will, Rosie." He said with a smile; and it was true, she was unusually talkative for her age. So both of the girls they'd taken in were that smart?
"Strategy hm? I bet that's what you tell them all up here." John teased him with a bit of a smirk and pulled the rest of the blankets over them both to keep warm. After shuffling a bit up, he pressed a soft kiss onto Sherlock's lips, still too dazed to do much more.
John looked back up at Sherlock and nodded with a smile. "Definitely. I need to leave for uni around eight tomorrow, so how about we eat at half past seven?" This was a big step for him, but John didn't want to make a big deal out of it so as not going to make Sherlock uncomfortable.
His eyes then followed the bare shoulder and arms absent of long sleeves. An intricate design of a crescent moon inside the sun surrounded with sparkling stars boldly tattooed in black those arms. Rings of bohemian bracelets and necklaces adorned the pale skin of the man’s chest visible from the V of his light caramel baggy shirt. John should stay alert, but something about the man doesn’t alarm him. Instead, he wanted to drop down on his knees and worship him. Just because the man was utterly beautiful. Unconsciously, John’s gaze continued to travel way down below those emerald green belts wrapped around sinful sinewy hips. A pierced belly button peaks just above the waistline, where a sliver of creamy skin begged to be touched. His brown boots made him even taller.
A warm hand touches his cheek and John blinks in surprise to see Sherlock kneeling in between his legs. Christ. He was drowning himself in self-pity that he hadn’t noticed Sherlock walking towards him.
He might be doing it backwards, but he just couldn’t help but kiss the man. Oh, he’ll make John, his blushing and honourable man, complain later. Now that he knows where he stands, no way he would let this chance go.
“Alright, mate?” When Mike nodded, he stood up, and pulled the blinds once again. The sun was just setting, and John watched it for a minute. Somehow it felt as if everything was about to change, after Mike’s done in telling his story.
But because of his own stubbornness. His fear of coming out of a different shell. He refused to .. acknowledge the truth in him. Even when it stood in front of him and practically told him his own life story.
He nodded. The still unconscious Sherlock turned to his stomach but John had done everything he can.
“John! John! Have you heard what happened?! The Lawsons! Their family of four! Last night! No one even saw—,” John clamped a hand over Mike’s mouth, willing his friend to breathe.
Okay. Deep breath. Sherlock was attractive. The way his mind works. The way his mind lights up when there's a case of 9 in his scale. He's practically buzzing like a bee. And John got sucked into the zone that was Sherlock Holmes. But Sherlock was more than his mind and his looks. He personally prefer Sherlock with his violin. The instrument is like an extension of his complicated yet intricate soul. John closed his eyes and imagined Sherlock with him, in their safe space, in the living room of 221b playing his favourite Bach —
John yawns by the window, stretching his legs while the ambulance drives away from Marylebone Street. After the eight hour observation period Sherlock’s condition got better and the doctor allowed him to be discharged. So even if it’s already three in the morning, John took Sherlock home. And since then, Sherlock went to his bedroom without talking to John.
With the gun’s safety off, John held the door’s latch, glanced at Mike, and pulled the door open. John trained his gun a mere distance away from the forehead of their visitor. A six ft. tall of a man dressed in muted colours of gypsy clothes. The last time John saw a gypsy was the back of his uncle leaving their house. After that, his aunt all but avoided running into one of them. The man’s forehead was wrapped in a red flowing silk bandana. Though John noticed a few raven curls not wanting to be restrained by the fabric.
Sherlock eyed him before smiling affectionately. "Alright, Sir. Laters then." Sherlock then crouched down to fix Rosie’s robe and secure the heels. "No to heels, still." Sherlock murmured, which had laughing.
Their families and friends gathered who are still wiping tears in their eyes all shuffled back into place and answered "We do" while they settle back to their seats.
“I don’t kiss a man twice, John Watson. I consider it bad luck. But you’re making it hard to resist.” Sherlock whispered, and without further ado, he claimed John’s mouth again. For how long, John lost track of time. He hadn’t even realised he closed his eyes. When he opened them, it was to see Sherlock’s genuine smile.
And for Rosie, the baby and John, Sherlock would do anything to get better. Just as John had promised the same.
Since it's February 21st today, I wrote a 221 word-poetry for the prompt of the day! Happy 221b Day!!!
Sherlock didn't say anything. But the man eyed him curiously before hesitantly reaching for the long fabric. John observed as the little touches of Sherlock's finger gradually became a palm running over the garment, and after that a small smile actually appeared on the man's lips. And for some unknown reason, John's heart skipped a beat.
There was a moment of serenity brought by the sound of rain, as John breathed the smell of petrichor in the air mixed with Sherlock's scent. He hardly resisted the urge to burrow his face against the man's neck.
For Aunt Marley, it was the most shameful situation in her life. The couple moved out after he celebrated his fourth birthday. According to his Aunt, they were best not around. Like his gypsy parents that abandoned him to pursue on travelling the world. Until a rock slide killed them while passing a remote road somewhere in Nepal. Their bodies were never recovered. But the Nepali police reported their deaths to his aunt as the Sherpas from a nearby mountain had seen them cross the road and be claimed by the cliff below.
John swallows the lump on his throat when the raging disappointment over himself crashes around him. He should stop feeling this way.
He was about to answer when something else caught his attention. Not just something. Several things. Suddenly, a crashing realisation pours over him like cold water.
"Starving." John replied as he leaned in once again, kissing Sherlock for the — but who's counting? Not him. Because he has planned to do that and more over and over again.
He grimaced as he tasted blood when he licked his lips. He could feel his gum swelling which will definitely be a bitch if he ever had the chance to kiss John. He bit out a laugh at the thought and in doing so, made him wince at the pain on his side. That kick he took earlier made its presence known. He's not even surprised if he's bleeding inside.
So, John planned to boost Sherlock's self confidence. To show Sherlock that he should be aware of how really good looking he was — in John's eyes.
"I'm a big girl now. I understand, Dad. And I want you yo know it's okay. To love and be loved in return, isn't that beautiful? Doesn't every person deserve that? No matter who you are. No labels needed. It's one step to world peace."
"So, what now?" John asked while squeezing the rainwater out of his jacket. Sherlock answered him with a shrug.
"Having you both — it's like fated or destined ..." John whispered. Sherlock turned to look at his husband and smiled. He kissed John's lips softly and whispered. "Both."
John had to refrain himself from leaving a sarcastic remark and then calling this … this … insufferable man in his head with a Giant Dick nickname but yeah he thought otherwise.
John nodded, understanding that he shouldn't make an unnecessary move or something or he'd be arrested.
John's eyes became unfocused and it became glassy. Sherlock watched as John's throat moved in a difficult swallow. But if a long time ago, disappointment would be John's answer, not this time around. Understanding and love still shone in his husband's eyes despite the bit of sadness in them. And Sherlock just wanted to crawl under their bed and hide. He doesn't deserve John Watson. But somehow, John thinks, Sherlock was it for him.
He's all numb over. He stared in the distance as John work around their dinner. If John noticed his unusual behaviour from the lack of 'Welcome home', and a kiss, he hadn't talked about it. But there was a tension in the air, one could wrap in a thick rope, if amenable.
Arms flailing Sherlock caught Rosie's plate before accidentally throwing it in the air as he landed flat on his back on the floor while the cereal decorated his hair.
Suddenly, he choked in a half laugh and half sob. No, he just didn't like Sherlock. He's bloody in love with him. The peace that coursed through his system made John able to
His thoughts were halted by his phone ringing. When he looked at the screen, it was an unknown number. Hesitantly, he answered.
John glanced at Greg. "I was an army doctor. A surgeon." A damn good one. But he doesn't really want to talk about it. And the older man might've known that.
He should've brought the other pair, it was just there in the clinic's medicine cabinet. If something happens to Sherlock, John would never ever forgive himself.
“Hey, love. Just checking on Rosie.” He whispered. Sherlock hummed in reply. “Let’s make breakfast?”
Unlocking the door’s latch, John was surprised by Mike immediately bursting inside, gripping his arms in a tight hold.
"Do you have your vows?" The officiant inquired. Both of them nodded and they went to face each other.
Then he went to Harry's. He unpublished his blog. He reconnected with his parents in Suffolk. Despite their disapproval of his enlistment all those years ago, they took him back. He spent his time tending to his mother's garden and helping his father fix broken things. But still, he couldn't fix himself. He has fixed things, but he couldn't fix his broken heart Sherlock's death had caused. He couldn't even try dating. How could he? When that memory of seeing Sherlock standing at the edge of that rooftop, all he wanted to do was grab the man and hold him. That he wanted to reassure Sherlock that he didn't believe Sherlock was just faking it.
Sherlock Holmes kissing John Watson? What a pair they would have made—ridiculous. He shouldn't have let his guard down from that last call from Mycroft. But if there's one thing Mycroft was so good at. It was meddling.
John watches as Sherlock settles across from him. Both hands fidgeting as if he wants to be anywhere but not in front of him.
"John ... I ... My thoughts..." Sherlock started. But he felt scared, the words just won't come out.
"Good. Bring him to the red warehouse. I'll follow you there. Call Matthew and tell him I'm gonna need his ride in five."
John gave a terse nod. He listened carefully as the inspector relayed the information as far as he's allowed. So apparently, this part-time assistant was a 21 year old male and still in college. They were supposed to meet at the bar but the guy won't answer the text messages now. They were currently working at a multiple murder case, possible serial killing case. It must be inappropriate, but suddenly, John felt alive.
But he needed to tell John. He vowed never to keep anything from him. Licking his dry lips, he released a nervous breath. He had to try.
Placing a hand over Sherlock’s, John let the pent up emotions inside of him fall as tears in his eyes. Locking gaze with Sherlock, he speaks what his heart had been saying from the first time he met the man.
And now, Sherlock was out there. In the cold, in the dark, in the hands of the remaining men of Jim Moriarty.
John released a yawn as he stretched his legs from his seat after sleeping almost the whole duration of the last connecting flight to reach their destination. Christ, he was so knackered. There was a phantom ache on his right shoulder, but one he consider a 'good ache' as his husband's head was leaning comfortably against it. Greg used to tease him before he and Sherlock got involved, that Sherlock always finds a way to sleep easily against his shoulder, despite their height difference when the exhaustion caught up to them. Whether it was from joint stakeouts or running around London chasing criminals. Back then, he used to think nothing about it. He was just glad that Sherlock was able to sleep. He was just glad nothing had changed between the two of them. Specially now, that they're newly married and on their way to their week-long honeymoon in Santorini, Greece. John vowed not to miss the little things they used to do before. It was among of his wedding vows he promised to Sherlock along with his forever love—nothing would change in between them except for the things they had to work out. The issues they need to talk about. And of course, there are those ... uhm .. sexy times. John coughed when he felt his cheeks warm where his thoughts went.
When his jeans met Sherlock's flesh, he groaned loudly. Then Sherlock jumped and wrapped his legs around John's hips. John carefully held Sherlock's legs.
"Five minutes—" Greg replied. "They're just around the corner. I had them wait just in case somebody gets injured but—" Greg's voice filled with anguish. "Oh god, Sherlock! What did I tell you? I told you to wait for me! Your brother will kill me! Why can't you just—"
I decided to up the rating since I've described a bit of implied violence here. Just a bit though. Sherlock's POV.
"Then Mr. Watson-Holmes, you better turn around and go back inside, and prepare yourself for a ride." John challenged.
"Goodness! William! What in the love of God happened to you?! And who is this old man you're traveling with? Have you got no shame young man?! Parading that ugly and battered face of yours?! Lilian should learn about this! I'm going to—"
A scuffle followed by a grunt made them turn to the darker part of the alley. Two shadows by the wall faintly illuminated by the sliver of moonlight barely passing through the cloudy sky made John's heartbeat grow erratic.
Sherlock closed his eye when the front door opened and his husband's laugh permeated throughout the room.
"Oh my god, I'm so sorry, Mister!" The young man exclaimed before picking up the scattered Chemistry books and papers and then piling them all up in his arms. John was surprised at the hoarse and deep baritone voice of the guy. It doesn't fit his image at all. John imagines he would've been soft spoken. Must be the nerves.
“Hey,” John softly replies. He closes the curtains then walks to sit on his chair. He then tilts his head over the opposite chair for Sherlock to sit.
“Hang on, love. You’re going to be okay. I’m just right here.” John murmurs for only Sherlock to hear. Sherlock’s unfocused gaze searches for him but John couldn’t take back that slip of tongue.
He took off his jacket pressing it to the man's wound. And then He lifted the man's head and laid it carefully into his lap.
"John?" Sherlock's deep voice brings him back in the present and immediately, he felt Sherlock's warm hand envelope his.
A beautiful smile then lighten up John's face as he slowly wrapped his arms around Sherlock and gathered him in an embrace.
and yet, beautiful was the first word that came into his mind. Quickly he felt bad for thinking of those things other than this man's well-being, Sherlock's a patient at the moment.
"Fuck. Fuck!" John shouted when his finger got caught between the latch and a broken dent of the generator's housing. The bloody thing was ten years old, and the lower casing was covered in rust. They had to ask Mrs. Hudson if they could replace it, for when another snowstorm hits, they would all freeze to death.
"One sec." He politely gestured at the young man who nodded hesitantly, before he turned his back and immediately answered the call.
Then John pulled Sherlock's coat collar down, kissing the man with every inch of forgiveness he could give.
John's eyebrows raised as he opened his eyes, turning to his side to look at Sherlock. His breath caught at the genuine and serene smile painted on his husband's face. John already knew then that Sherlock was just playing at him before. Again. It was also then that he realised, gone were the days when he usually would get annoyed at everything that comes out of Sherlock's mouth. He changed just as Sherlock too. Just like now, less annoyed. He chuckled, dropping a soft kiss on the tip of Sherlock's nose.
John didn’t reply. He wants to be angry. To lash out at Sherlock. He got so close to losing the man again, and for what reason? Sherlock’s date not looking out for him. He considers Marcus’ reasons. But he knows Sherlock, John knows the man won’t sacrifice his life for nothing. Hell, himself is one of the proofs for that. Still, John forces himself not to think of where Marcus would've taken Sherlock if the man didn’t have an attack. His mansion? His estate? A fancy hotel? John can’t afford those. No, he can’t give Sherlock anything. What was he really thinking that he can compete with the men that can hold Sherlock’s attention.
When Sherlock kissed him, they never closed their eyes. And it was like the meeting of the heavens and the sea.
“He saw the death of the Lawsons. It's possible that this same demon killed them and your friend happened to witness it. Now if you don’t have any questions—”
"You could've asked him you know? I almost—" John backtracks before clearing his throat." we, almost lost him."
"Really my lucky day." John grinned to himself as he picked up the black wallet, and hid it inside his suit jacket. He'll inspect it later. For now, the boss of Silver Cross Traders Inc. was needed.
John glanced at Sherlock who nodded and apologised for the delay. But the officiant waved him off before continuing the ceremony.
He stood in front of John, gripped the man’s biceps until he got his attention before leaning down for a soft peck on the lips.
Sherlock suddenly gasped. Oh, what a fool. Why does he always end up being like this. He's so tired of being like this. Of having these thoughts. It eats him inside. He had to contact their therapist. They'd come a long way and still he's letting his delusional self destroy what he and John had been building.
Additional Tags: Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting, Age gap, YA!Sherlock, John is a mob boss, Softest Sherlock, John is BAMF, first kiss, accidental kiss
When the call ended the man waved his hands in the air followed by unusual gestures while murmuring incantations. Then he pulled what looked like wooden sticks from said belt bag, wordlessly passing some to John. John was then gestured to follow, and the two of them circled the RV, stabbing the ground with the sticks to make a makeshift barrier according to the man. The sticks turned out to be made of iron and could help ward off oncoming attacks.
Sherlock no longer felt anything after hearing those words. Maybe it was the drug, as if it was a spell after John said the magic words. It coursed through Sherlock's system and he felt very sleepy. Maybe it was for the best as well. John Watson had changed. No. The John Watson from the past was back.
When it was time for the readings, the officiant introduced Greg and Molly as they will be reading a passage and a poem respectively. That moment Greg stood up grinning at them before he faced everyone and read John's favourite Corinthian verse about 'Love'. Molly stood up next and read Elizabeth Browning's ' How Do I Love Thee?', for the second reading which he chose.
A tall figure with raven curls streaked with greying hair, almost looking like dancing and gliding with his violin, tucked in the crook of his pale neck. John would know that neck
"I haven't really tried to put myself out there. You would know... I never really had someone real in my life. Everything ... was fake. Everything was an act. But you ... with you, everything was real. You, you're the closest thing I ever had. You're the closest thing but the one I couldn't have.
John nodded slowly, his eyes darting at the opaque liquid swirling inside the bowl and then to his boyfriend. Surely, what Sherlock cooked was edible? Right?
Two months after the incident, John had started to receive weird messages on his phone from an unknown number. It was just a simple 'Hello. Is this Doctor Watson?' at first, and John replied politely to that. No one texted back though. Thinking it was a referred patient asking about him, he saved the number. Then he went on to live his monotonous life of wake up, shower, eat, work, sleep repeat. He had forgotten of the unknown number until one day when he hasn't gone to work, he received a message again.
"John ... I ..." When tears started to fall from Sherlock's eyes, John pushed forward and embraced him. In the quiet of Valentine's eve, John let go. He cooed Sherlock. He whispered words he haven't told anyone in a long time. Words of promises, of vows of being together. Of doing everything hand in hand every step of the way. And John meant that. He meant every word he said against Sherlock's ears.
Mrs. Hudson, still standing by the door, was all ears. She was giggling to herself but it was mostly because she enjoyed seeing John and Sherlock having fun.
He loved Mrs. Holmes. She had showered him with love ever since they announced their engagement a month ago. She had been so thrilled that day that she spilled her tea on the dining table.
Mrs. Holmes had stopped by the day before to drop off some old photographs John had requested for a slideshow that was to be shown during the wedding.
It was early Sunday morning. Baker Street was yet to be buzzing with pedestrians and cars. It was on this normal sunny day that the older Holmes brother found himself inside 221B.
"No, I've only seen you with your parents and this one with Mycroft. Oh, isn't that sweet?" John held up a picture that showed a well-rounded Mycroft carrying baby Sherlock.
He cupped his face just as a father would while speaking to his young child. "Mycroft, Doctor Strange is a fictional character created by The Strand. The stories they print are not real. They're pretend. You know, make believe." John's eyes got smaller. "Do you understand?"
"Let me see", John said as he touched Sherlock's head. "Here, I got it." He began to run his fingers through his soft dark curls. He let out a small laugh and said, "Maybe it was too much. We've never done this."
Recently, he had let his mustache grow. Sherlock wasn't fond of it and he teased him. "Why not let your beard grow too?" John accepted this rhetorical remark as a challenge.
Sherlock loves to scrub John's shoulders and arms, all the way down to his hands. He stares at them when he holds them in his. Sherlock knows that his hands have been through rough times before and yet, he loves that they've managed to stay milky soft. If he stares at them long enough, he'll feel the urge to kiss them. This happens often.
John puckered his lips to one side and thought for a brief second before answering. "Eh, yeah. No, we can't stay. We have that thing with Greg tomorrow morning and the eh...the fitting for the suits." He felt guilty for lying.
After a moment, Sherlock turned his whole body to face it and he stood up straight. He lowered his jaw and maintained his eyes wide open to take it all in. He had seen plenty of explosions and fires up close. They usually occurred when his experiments had gone wrong. This was unlike anything he'd ever seen.
He turned off the engine and left the keys hanging. As soon as he got out, he called out to Sherlock. "What's wrong?" Seeing that he wasn't about to stop and give him an answer, he followed him.
Sherlock is not a fan of horror films because they're ridiculously fake. He does, however, love having an excuse to bury his face deep into John's neck. In the background, there are long faces screaming with fear but it might as well be nonexistent because Sherlock only experiences a sense of tranquility. He loves placing his nose and lips up against the soft part of John's neck because that's when he feels completely protected. It's like being in a bubble made of tungsten. When Sherlock is with John, he is safe. His arms are a sheild against the world's barbarity.
"John, now? Are you ready now? Can I toss it?" Sherlock loves throwing in a bath bomb. His favorite is "Sex Bomb" from one of his favorite stores, Lush. Not only does he enjoy watching them dissolve, he loves the way John smells of jasmine afterwards. He feels there's no point in using one if it's not made up of powerful aphrodisiacs because bubble baths are important. He takes them very seriously.
Mycroft had seen this occur plenty of times before but it still managed to startle him. He regained his cool. He placed his hands in his pockets and held on to his grin. It was almost evil.
There were no signs of any cars coming up behind them but John pulled over anyways. He parked a good distance into the field next to a tree and left the truck perpendicular to the road.
Sherlock waited for his brother to speak but he did not. Sherlock asked, "Should I not have called you?" Normally, Sherlock wouldn't have bothered with Mycroft but he was much too interested now to give up.
Sherlock was standing behind him, facing the window. He closed his eyes as he attempted to swallow. He felt the muscles in his throat contract and then instantly opened his eyes again. “I know this isn’t the best time to say this but…” He took a deep breath in and continued, “I must be honest with you, John.” Sherlock looked down at his shoes and waited to see if he would respond. He did not. Sherlock whispered, “Did you hear me, John?” He paused, this time looking at the back of John’s head. He was like a child waiting to be scolded by his parents.
While impatiently waiting for the dentist one day, Sherlock had skimmed an article in Cosmopolitan magazine about the trend and could picture the fine doctor with it. He was curious now and so he didn't fight it.
John stood there, saying nothing. His eyes penetrating Sherlock’s eyes, wanting to stop him but unable to speak through the knot in his throat.
Mycroft looked at Sherlock then at John and back at Sherlock. "Fine. You caught me." Mycroft stood up and walked over to the couch behind him to lie down.
"I'm sorry. I am. It's just..." John bit his lip in an attempt to bury his grin. He examined his future brother-in-law. "Well, you don't actually expect us to believe this, do you?"
They were all curious as to who this man was. Could it be that Mycroft was telling the truth? Sherlock wasn't quite convinced. This sleuth could never believe in the mystic arts. Could he?
He loves it when John goes to the salsa bar to get lemon wedges because he always manages to drop one on the floor. Sherlock lives for this moment. He loves watching John bend down to pick it up. He would do anything to see John's sweet ass. That's why he always asks for more lemon slices even though he never uses them all. Sherlock loves the way his jeans hug his muscular thighs.
Mycroft ignored them and spoke loudly over their cackles. "I didn't believe it either. Like you, I always thought of people having superhuman powers as absolute fiction. The supernatural protecting the public and battling villains? What a load of rubbish!" He had a smile on his face and it seemed as if he was beginning to laugh along with the boys.
Just as John was opening the door for Sherlock, the rain started coming down again. Sherlock adjusted his coat and sat down right away. He leaned over to the driver side to push the door open for John.
It was a mixture of his slight headache and John's comment that annoyed Sherlock. "You're right. It was too much. Especially since you want to wait until our wedding night to have sex again."
Sherlock placed his hands up against his lips and stared down at the floor by his feet. While Mrs. Hudson and John let out the occasional snickers, he thought intently.
Sherlock opened his eyes and barely managed to ask, “Do you love me?” There was a dark cloud forming over the sky that was within his eyes. The sweat on his hands had dried from the cold his fists had created and he buried them in his pockets. He felt eternity go by in those few seconds of silence and he thought to himself, “What have I done?” He started to feel ill.
They drove down a countryside road. There wasn't much to look at except for big lonely trees every now and then. The summer rain had made the hills on the side of the road a deep shade of green.
John has this one patient who goes in for his weekly prescription refills. It frustrates him that he makes morning appointments because he talks incessantly. He does a great impersonation of him panicking and even though others might find it rude, Sherlock finds it hilarious. He laughs so hard that eventually John is laughing too.
John turned the keys to start the truck and the same gurgling noise clanged from the engine. A sputtering sound came after. He turned the keys forward and tried again. The engine faltered and made a low spitting sound. It wouldn't start.
John slouched on the seat. He looked down between his legs. His dick had shifted to one side and it's remarkable size had made the denim rise up. He never wore skinny jeans but the way he was right now made it seem as if he did. He could feel his erection aching underneath.
However, instead of an "I told ya so" he heard Sherlock say in a sing song tone, "Well, well, well. I couldn't be more pleased. It's a good thing you're into buckets."
He spoke of a time Eurus almost burnt the house down. Another time of when she covered their dog, Redbeard, in honey and tied him to a tree.
There always seemed to be a lot of patients scheduled for Mondays. What bothered John the most were the walk-ins because sometimes they came in crying.
Sherlock pulled back a bit and said, "You know what." He looked at John waiting for him to make eye contact. Their eyes met and he asked ever so softly, "Please?"
John looked on, wondering what he was doing. He could only see the back of him.  He noticed Sherlock bending down and then standing up again with his chin tucked in, looking at his hands in front of him. He thought the worst so he hurried to him.
Sherlock's eyes had a twinkle in them. He relaxed his hands down on the armrests. Looking at the handsome man across from him shifted his mood. Sherlock puckered his lips and began to blow air kisses at John.
Sherlock took one look at him, focusing on his mouth. Then he leaned in to kiss him passionately. He moved his other hand up to cup John's cheek and steady his head as he pressed his body in closer.
Sherlock used to play Air to him. For the both of them. Whether the man knew it relaxes him in a way that touches his soul. Whenever there's frustration over unsolved cases. Locked investigations. Death of the victim before they got there to save them. Sherlock would know what to do. Just like how he got in tune with his best friend. It was those quiet moments that he missed.
"Now, do you, the family and friends of John and Sherlock give them your support today and wish them a wonderful life together?"
"We can't really do anything at this point but wait it out." The man said, and once again, John marvelled at that deep baritone voice he achingly missed. He closed his eyes. John thought that losing Sherlock was the hardest part of moving on. But now that the man was back, the picking up the pieces of himself back again has become a torture.
, John had an epiphany. Christ, if that hadn't caused the pain John was feeling back then to double. He's in love with Sherlock Holmes, and all he could do was watch his friend be
"Come back to me, love." John's voice said. But it was distant. But Sherlock wanted to hear it again. Where was John?
John laughed. The memory of Sherlock's perky arse all for him to worship as they made love earlier that morning made him warm inside.
The road back to Baker Street seemed long, despite for being gone just two hours and from a walking distance. Rosie held his hand, swaying it while they walk. John took a deep breath then let it out. Obviously, Rosie noticed it.
And now his daughter was calling him out. John felt Rosie squeezed his hand. How long had they been sitting there in the park? He lost track of time.
The two of them were left at 221b as John had to work at the clinic. It's a blessing that he doesn't have a case to work on or this would be a very different day. He looked at the clock and it was five in the afternoon. John would be home soon.
But when a movement caught his attention on the far side of the building, he took his gun at ready and tucked the spare behind his jeans.
Love is perhaps the greatest gift life gives us. Love gives hope, joy, comfort, and security. Love helps us grow and allows us to move forward in life with support and nurturing.
A 221b ficlet. 221 words of foreplay. I meant, 221 words with the last word starting with letter 'b'.
“Sherlock Holmes. Traveller. Gypsy. Psychic. Medium. Dreamcatcher. Mind reader ... and a whole lot more." The man said with amusement dancing in his eyes.
John smiled to the little droplets of rain starting to pour. Chances of it going strong works in his favor.
Sherlock moans beside him and John immediately administers the first dose in the middle of Sherlock's thigh. He removes his jacket, folding it, and carefully lays Sherlock on the floor while Marcus places his jacket beneath Sherlock's head.
And judging by the radiant smile Sherlock was throwing him and the way his tears free fall in his cheeks, he liked what John did. John reached out to wipe the tears against Sherlock's cheeks.
Additional tags: AU, Johnlock in Paris, John is a forgiving person, John faints - A nod on ACD's The Empty House, Five years after the Fall, Mycroft (cameo), Sherlock lives, Hopeful Ending
John took a deep breath before he dialled the emergency line. He could feel Sherlock's eyes on him, and part of him just wanted to kiss the hell out of the man. But because of Sherlock's lip injury, he had to scold himself for even thinking about Sherlock's lush lips.
Sherlock chuckled, obviously enjoying the torture of seeing John jealous. Payback maybe. Alright, John deserved that. But he remembered the uneasy feeling he felt as well, when it came to Ms Adler or Janine. As if Sherlock knew where his mind went, the man leaned in softly, shyly placing a kiss on his lips.
— Chapter title came from: "The Heart of the Matter" a song recorded by American rock singer Don Henley from his third solo studio album, The End of the Innocence (1989). - Wiki — Another favourite heartbreaking song.
John Watson, former soldier and now the reigning mob boss of Silver Cross Traders, visits his old friend Mike Stamford.
"Check please. Thank you." John said with a smile at the young male bartender in front of him. In return, he got his check and a piece of paper with a mobile number lazily scrawled. He looked up to see the boy biting his lower lip, aiming for a seductive look. It worked. John was seduced, but for some reason he felt uneasy as well. He gave the boy a farewell smile, and turned towards the door. In that exact moment, a man with a greying hair and an aura of authority entered and started looking around. John known him as the detective who always shows up on TV. Gut instinct, John felt the need to help the man. His instincts saved him countless times as a soldier in his army days before being shot twice. It was a miracle he got out alive with just a healing hole in his left shoulder and a graze in the side of his stomach. But the trauma the bullets left, became a phantom that chased John out the desert of Afghanistan to the streets of South London when he was honourably discharged.
The officiant then told the same vow for Sherlock to repeat. John steadied his right hand to ease Sherlock's nervousness, as his husband slid the ring in his finger.
"I ordered for him, mate. It was my sister's new recipe. It's just an Asian variety of Carbonara. It's a new offe—"
Cause baby I believe that love will find a way'" Sherlock said quietly. "John, I ... I haven't done any of this ... for real.
His chest ached how perfect they fit. It made him realise, his safe place was right there in Sherlock's arms. He could accept the pain but he also deserved Sherlock's love. And so, he's choosing both.
John looked at him expectantly. Ocean blue eyes fixed on him and Sherlock was suddenly transported into that dreadful moment a few years ago when he was standing up at St. Bart's rooftop, when he said those words to John.
Aunt Marley passed while John was still on the second mission deployment in the army. She left the RV where she spent her last days in a will for him, along with a bunch of cash and a bank account that would soon see the last light of day. God knows why she didn’t sell the RV. It belonged to his Uncle Stef. She was eighty-six years old when she closed her eyes for the last time, as what the attending paramedic had relayed to him. Aunt Marley’s words lived in John for years. But now pushing forty, John couldn’t care less if the next human he’d pop the question about marriage would be a gypsy. Hell, it’s in his blood. He just hadn’t got the time to live it.
Additional tags: Parent!lock, Rooosie <3, Established Relationship - Husbands, Domestic life at 221b
The men worked on Sherlock's body securing him to a stretcher and looking after him. Not much has been said between him and his new friend. Greg nodded a thanks to him and offered a ride home in the police car, but he declined. Greg took his number and promised to tell him about Sherlock's recovery. Why? John doesn't know. But all of that feeling of uneasiness was now gone. When he went to sleep that night, the nightmares didn't come. But his mind were occupied by the young man he just saved that night.
And that was before he felt bolder and his hands automatically felt the pair of arse cheeks covered in jeans that John almost groaned. Christ, he would make sure he'd get laid later. So, before he'd given in to this temptation that's seem comfortable lying on top of him he smiled against the man's lips, and murmured.
When Sherlock had thrown John and Rosie out of 221 flat when on visit, and advised them to take a 'walk in the park', literally, John already had his suspicions. Sherlock was up to something. He sent a text to Greg as they turned the corner, with his ten year old trailing behind him, inquiring if Sherlock had a case, in which the man replied there wasn't. When they reached the park, Rosie played around while he talked to Greg about the potential cases they'll plan on showing Sherlock.
"Yes. Yes, of course." He countered. "But I want to make sure. No one's going behind my back. Or they will pay the consequences before the police get to them."
'The stretch of Aegean sea mimics your eyes.' Sherlock's deep baritone voice suddenly pulls him out of his own memory lane. 'Just by looking at it, I remember the feeling of drowning from the very first time we met. As if my mind palace had floodgates, and yet there wasn't a flood. But there was only you, looking at me.'
"These rings are the symbol of your never ending love for one another just as the circles of these doesn't end. When you look at these rings, you will remember the vows you've spoken to one another. Constant and continuous. Unbroken and infinite.
During the summer, they take an extra set of clothes because sometimes John likes to go swimming at the pool nearby. Sherlock is not too fond of it but he loves to accompany him to the locker room. He knows he doesn't need any help but just in case, he says. The attendants give them one locker to share and Sherlock never understands why. As long as the workers don't mind them going in together, he doesn't either.
Sherlock loves Tuesdays because they go out for fish tacos at Rubio's. He use to hate fish but John once begged him to try it and he did. He'd do anything for John. All it took was one bite for him to say that beer battered fish tacos were what Tuesdays were all about.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and crossed his arms. "I am not a client! I will not sit there. We are perfectly capable of discussing the situation as we are."
Mycroft stared at nothing but thought of many possible continuations. He hesitated a moment before finally telling the truth.
John thought long and hard. Finally he said, “No, Sherlock.” Parting his lips was like trying to move mountains. “I don’t. Not like you want me to. You are…just… you are my friend, my best friend… but um…” His voice began to fail. “A friend. Nothing more.” He knew this wasn’t true but he hoped he could sound convincing. The torture of this lie was too great and he began to cry.
Sherlock was uninterested in rummaging through the album. Although, he did like it when John would swoon over how adorable he looked with his curls over the side of his chubby cheeks.
Mycroft tried looking straight ahead at the unlit fireplace between them. He knew what was happening but refused to acknowledge it.
Sherlock had walked further in and stopped at a patch of purple and yellow flowers. He bent down to pluck a couple.
There were no cars or houses to be seen for miles all around. They looked out the windows and noticed fog floating in behind the hill tops near them.
With one hand pressed against his shirt over his heart and with devoted eyes fixed on the most beautiful human being he had ever encountered, Sherlock continued, “You…make me…feel…happy. I am complete when I am with you. I am nothing when we are apart. All my life I thought it best if I smothered all feelings, most of all love. Then you came along.“
Sherlock doesn't like to see John stressed out but he loves that he can help him unwind with a neck massage.
"You mean to tell me that we have a brother who is named after a fictional character? A superhero, as they say?" Sherlock looked upset but after a moment he burst out laughing.
Sherlock gasped for air, tried hard not to blink and persisted on. "I have solved so many cases. The ones I haven’t solved, I have learned to embrace. I can live with my cruel imperfections. But if I must live with all of my sins, then let me be redeemed by living the rest of my life caring for you, protecting you… loving you. I cannot live without you.” His voice got stronger. “You are the one thing in this world, the only human being that I refuse to give up on. Your happiness is all that matters to me. If the only success I have is in making you feel as happy as you’ve made me then I have beaten every curse placed upon me. If giving up these… these puzzles means that I can ensure your safety, then so be it. I surrender who I am for who you are.” Sherlock paused for a second, realizing John hadn’t moved at all. He asked himself, “Has he blinked?”
