"I'm fine, Mrs Hudson. I've missed you, too. My mission just took a bit longer than expected." He gave her a quick kiss on the cheek by way of greeting.
Mrs. Hudson patted him on the cheek and took her seat at the table. They took turns sharing stories of the time Sherlock was away, keeping them as light and humorous as possible. It wasn’t until Mrs. Hudson started rubbing her hip, they realized how late into the evening it had gotten.
“Uhhh… Mrs. Hudson?” John looked concerned. No one knew about his mission except Mycroft and MI6. He was immediately worried he had somehow been compromised.
Mary looked confused, “How will I be caught?  You are standing right here and no one knows where you are. I’m about to shoot you. I’ll be long gone before anyone even realized you are missing.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Angelo’s? –SH
"I promise."
“Alright, boys, separate corners or I’m calling Mummy. What do you want, Mycroft? I can only hold him off so long.”
“Are you sure I won’t be ruining everything? I won’t be a good partner. I’m a horrible, selfish person. Everyone tells me. I’m a-a freak.” Sherlock blurted out his fears.
“As ever, brother mine, I was concerned. You simply stopped responding to texts and it would appear you found the cameras again. Given you had just been kidnapped mere hours ago, you do understand my worry.”
“Greg, what are you doing here?” John asked more confused about his presence than the landlady’s.
John shopped in auto-pilot as he grabbed the food items they needed. Then it occurred to him, he didn’t have any decent pajamas to wear. Most of his pajamas were older than he cared to admit and had holes or were threadbare in way too many places. Not a big problem when he is sleeping alone but if he is on some level trying to woo Sherlock, he could at least have decent looking sleepwear. He knew it wasn’t posh as Sherlock’s wardrobe but he picked up a few pair of pajama bottoms from Tesco as well as a set that came with a grey and black striped shirt that put him to mind of his favorite striped jumper.  Shopping accomplished, he headed back to the flat. He had even remembered to get Sherlock’s sodding marrowbone.
"What is it, John?" Sherlock walked back into the room.
Sherlock put out the fire, brought his own glass to the kitchen. By the time he went back to his room, there was an army doctor curled up and fast asleep in his bed. His heart felt warm. He quickly changed himself and climbed into the other side of the bed. “Goodnight, John.”
Sherlock shook his head. It all felt too raw and he was slightly embarrassed that his brain would continue to play these tricks on him now that he knew John was alive and well. He was a man of logic and still these terrible images haunted him. He knew he would tell John about them at some point, just not now.
“What do you mean he is gone, Mycroft? You're the British Government, find John Watson!!”
Sorry for the delay!!! Kidney stones for me and a teething baby means not a lot of time to write.
John laid back as well. “I suppose you’re right. Sorry for startling you. I’m going to put on some tea, care for a cup?”
"There’s always something. I knew I was missing something that night I met you but I assumed it was because of everything else going on. Not that you were actually trying to hide something. Well done. You almost got away with it. Shame that you’ll finally be caught without actually getting your man.”
I swear I haven't abandoned this fic!!
“Nothing. Later, perhaps. How are things at your job?” Sherlock emphasized the word job with hand quotations.
“John, are you listening to me at all?” Sherlock looked annoyed.
Sure. Where are we going? –JW
John’s thoughts turned to Sherlock. He was so angry and at the same time so relived and happy that Sherlock came back. He was angry that Sherlock left and didn’t tell him. He would’ve followed Sherlock to the end’s of the Earth hunting down Moriarty's  men. He was relieved  both to have his friend back and that Sherlock survived such an ordeal to make it back to him. This also caused bigger problems for John. He knew long before Sherlock fell that his feelings for the detective were no longer platonic. He had fallen deeply in love. He always hid this fact as best he could for so many reasons, but mostly because Sherlock would never feel the same way. Sherlock didn’t do relationships. John was fortunate enough to be counted amongst the very very few friends that Sherlock Holmes had in his life and he would be arsed if he was going to ruin that by overwhelming Sherlock with emotion. He wasn’t entirely sure that Sherlock was able to comprehend what being in love truly was and it seemed unlikely that it would be something that Sherlock would be a willing participant too. After all, didn’t he say that sentiment was a chemical defect found in the losing side?
A small smile started to appear on Sherlock's face. "You called me love."
Sherlock chuckled, “Welcome to London.”
“John, I-“
Sherlock escaped into his mind palace, going to the wing dedicated to John. He had carefully built up this place while he was away. Mind Palace John and the memories were all that kept him going through. Maybe Mind Palace John would be able to help him figure out what to do about Real Life John.
John ran his tongue over his bottom lip before he began speaking (Sherlock never realized how much he missed these little ticks of John's before). "After the nonesense with the Yard, Mycroft dragged me to his office. He told me that I was to be offered a position with MI6 for an extremely important mission. One only I could do apparently, but that meant he needed to explain things to me first. That's when he told me you were alive and everything that happened between you and Moriarty. I was relieved, angry, and in total shock. Then he told me what my mission was." John paused for a moment and looked Sherlock right in the eye. "My mission was to protect you while you worked to take down Moriarty's network."
“I’m exhausted, Sherlock. I’m going to head to bed. This is so strange, are you coming with me? Are we sharing a bed now?” John gave a confused but hopeful half smile.
"There is always next time," John chuckled.
Molly put her hand on his shoulder, “Sherlock, of course he loves you. The way he looks at you when you aren’t looking is as if the world begins and ends with you. And, Sherlock, the way you look at him when you think no one sees as if he is the most precious thing in the world. You wonder why everyone thinks you are together? Because most of us couldn’t imagine having that kind of love. But neither of you see it in each other because you are so frightened of losing each other. You didn’t see him after the fall. He was broken. He was as if he truly lost half of himself. You complete each other in a way no one else ever could. Sherlock, tell him. You both deserve to be happy and both of you are keeping that happiness from yourself.” Molly wiped a tear from her eye as she saw Sherlock’s face brighten at her words.
It was one of those nights, where Sherlock was pouring over his microscope looking at his mold cultures that something occurred to him. It had been 6 weeks since John and he began their arrangement and John hadn’t gone on a date. That was odd. In the years that he and John had known each other, John hadn’t gone that long without dating. A week, maybe two, but definitely not 6 weeks.
Here is the final chapter of this story. It's my first attempt at smut of any kind so, hopefully not terrible. I changed the tags a bit as my other plans didn't come to fruition here. I have lots of ideas for other fics so keep an eye out.
“Are you almost ready, John?”
I've added more tags to the story. And will keep adding tags and characters as I go.
John smiled and shook his head. “Not tonight. I’m starving and I’m sure you haven’t eaten. Once I got back to London, I had a debriefing with Mycrof. Once I knew you were alive and at a crime scene, I came straight away. Let’s order a take away and we can sort the rest of this another time. The important thing is, we’re both here, together. Yeah?”
“Yes?”
The ride in the cab was also quiet but the air was buzzing with energy from the two men. They both stared out their respective windows but both were caught stealing glances as the other and smiled.
When they arrived back at the flat after their dip into the Thames, they both started shedding their clothing in the sitting room. Freezing and wet was not an enjoyable feeling and they both wanted to solve this as quickly as possible. John pulled off his coat and jumper. Sherlock turned to see him in a pale blue t shirt clinging very flatteringly to his chest and stomach becoming almost translucent where it touched his skin. Those jeans that fit every curve perfectly when dry should have been illegal they way they clung to him when wet. Sherlock caught John’s eye for but a moment before John thankfully went off for a shower. Sherlock almost thought he saw a fleeting look of lust in his friend’s eye before he scurried off. Sherlock couldn’t trust his vision as his feelings were surely clouding his perceptions. He was painfully aroused by the thought of John in those clothes clinging to his body and the thought of peeling them off of him and covering his body with his hands and lips to warm him up. He had to stop thinking at this point. John would surely leave if he knew Sherlock had these feelings. And he would much rather have John here, even if not in every way he wanted him.
“How about I put on some tea? We can watch some crap telly until we are ready to go back to bed?”
John came back to sit on the couch and looked at Sherlock. His unruly curls framing that gorgeous face. Those cheekbones, God those cheekbones. His beautiful full cupid's bow lips. So soft and warm. John dozed off observing Sherlock's stunning features. It wasn't until his head lolled to the side, landing on the detective's shoulder, that Sherlock opened his eyes. He smiled seeing the doctor snoozing there. It wasn't the first time John had fallen asleep on Sherlock's shoulder but this was different. Sherlock very carefully shifted his arm around John's shoulders. He pulled the blanket from the back of the couch and wrapped it around them both. Listening to John's rhythmic breathing, lulled Sherlock to sleep as well, curled up with his blogger.
With an uncomfortable groan, Sherlock eased out of bed to change into clean pajamas and brought a flannel and clean clothes for John. After a quick change, they took up their previous position cuddling on the bed. They laid in silence, sharing the occasional sleepy kiss.
“I was, Sherlock. Whaddya want?” John mumbled.
A few minutes later, they entered the flat. John sat down in his chair and buried his face into his hands. How could he have trusted that woman? How did he not see what she was?
Life got crazier than even I expected with the arrival of baby girl #2 in February. So every spare moment has been catching up on sleep. LOL
Just before sleep took over, John heard Sherlock, “My John, I love you so much.”
The Company We Keep
Then Moriarty again with the dramatics, wanted her to get close with the Doctor to see what information she could get from Sherlock. Mary was fairly certain that Moriarty had discovered her attraction to John and was testing her loyalty. John might have been a nice dish but Mary had long ago learned not to bite the hand that feeds you. She wouldn’t have turned against Moriarty. Then he went and shot himself in the head before the plan of her infiltrating ever took place. She waited a decent amount of time before pursuing John, just in case Moriarty had been faking it. She had heard whispers of the network being dismantled but there was never anything concrete, until now. All things being what they were, she was pretty low level in the network, she was listed only by code initials in one file. A.G.R.A. Even she didn’t know what it stood for. But who was she to nag about Moriarty’s filing system?
“That was beautiful, Sherlock. Why did you stop playing?”
Sherlock looked confused.
While he could hear John knocking mugs about in the kitchen making tea, Sherlock grinned to himself. John hadn’t actually objected to Mycroft’s teasing about the happy announcement. Maybe John wasn’t quite as straight as he used to so adamantly insist.
"You think killing me will make John love you? Hmmm. Possible. I can be rather difficult at times. He’s threatened to do it himself more than once. It would be rather ambitious of you to try though, I couldn’t even successfully kill me.”
"Oh John, thank God. I've been worried sick! Are you alright?" She began fretting over the doctor.
Thank you all who have read this story and taken time to comment and give kudos! It's really appreciated. :-)
Would you like to go out to dinner tonight? –SH
“I was suggesting we go out to dinner. Are you interested?”
John looked carefully at the older Holmes brother. “There is no next mission, Mycroft. Sherlock is home. Moran is dead. Mission over. Did something else happen?”
“I, well, I obviously care for him a great deal. He is my best friend. He is a great man.”
“It’s ok, John. I realize this may be awkward. We can just forget it.” Sherlock looked away and down.
Sherlock shuddered thinking of John with that woman. Mary. His John with anyone else was just ridiculous. And there was something about Mary that Sherlock didn’t trust. She was hiding something that Sherlock was unable to deduce. Likely because of the situation he was not at the top of his game. He just didn’t know what to do about getting John back. Sherlock struggled with feeling like he didn't have the right to disrupt John’s life again. Maybe he should just try to forget about the army Doctor. Maybe this is what that asinine quote about loving something and letting it go meant.
Third Person POV
“Don’t you see? He tried to take you away from me. I couldn’t let that happen.”
What has John been up too?
John entered the flat into the sitting room. Everything was just as he left it when he moved out a few months ago. He didn’t expect it to have changed  and yet it still felt different. He stopped near the door.
John pulled Sherlock against him so Sherlock was leaning back. He buried his face in Sherlock’s neck for a few moments and Sherlock could feel wetness building. John couldn’t believe all of this information. He thought back to the time since Sherlock’s been home. Sure he still walked around in a sheet from time to time but his back and chest were never exposed. Sherlock never talked much about the time he was gone on his mission and John didn’t push him as Sherlock seemed to want to forget about it and move on. “Sherlock, you bloody git,” John whispered into his ear, “you are the most amazing, reckless man I have ever met. I love you. I’m so happy you came home to me. No one will ever hurt you again, if I have anything to say about it.” Sherlock smiled. He appreciated John’s reaction. He had honestly forgotten that John didn’t know about the scars and had panicked the moment John realized they were there. He didn’t want a big deal to be made of it, he would’ve died in that hell hole in Serbia if it meant John would be safe from harm. John simply held him for a little while longer. Sherlock turned and kissed him again, reigniting what they had been doing before this revelation.
"God, Sherlock. I love you, too. I've been trying to hide and deny it for so long. I didn't think you would ever feel that way about me. You gave me back my sense of purpose. You gave me the home I didn't know I wanted or needed. It's always been you."
“I love you, Sherlock, my clever detective,” John smiled.
John woke early the next morning to find that Sherlock had come to bed at some point. He briefly wondered what experiment he had been working on and then grimaced as he thought about the mess in the kitchen he was about to walk into. Careful not to disturb Sherlock, he eased himself out of bed and shuffled down the hall to the kitchen. Surprisingly, just a few mold samples in petri dishes on the kitchen table, all in all not bad. He put the kettle on and then went to take a shower. It was going to be another long day at the surgery, he could just tell. He didn’t really want to go in, much preferring spending time with Sherlock. But there were no cases and he needed to pay the rent.
"Oh, alright."
“I’m sure I don’t know, sir.”
I'm aiming for a chapter a week until it comes to it's natural conclusion (I don't know what that is yet). But I'll add the caveat, my 9 month old occasionally has different plans and I'm also trying to launch my own business.
Third Person POV
Sherlock studied the photo. The man that was missing was definitely a member of the dead family, he was the spitting image of the father. Something was clearly off with the man in the picture, his body language spoke volumes that he was at odds with the family, he stood a distance from the family, almost an after thought. Interesting.
“I’m sorry, John.” Sherlock looked at him meaningfully. “Even knowing everything that transpired after that, I’ll never not be sorry you had to witness that moment and for any length of time believed that I willingly left you.”
“Brother, I know precisely where Dr. Watson is. However, that information is classified and you are not allowed to know. You have no idea what happened while you were away.”
John has had enough with all the lies and secrecy. Sherlock just wants to make John happy.
Sherlock smiled, “I missed you as well. I am likewise happy you are back home and safe.”
Sorry for more scene building but it's needed. The story will pick up soon!!! I'm trying to make the POV changes clear because while it makes sense in my head, I don't want it to be too confusing.
“Here you go, boys. My mama’s recipe; Mostoccioli mosta. Eat, eat!”
“Nothing. Not wanting to do his own legwork again.”
“Sherlock, you are a very difficult man. You blow up the kitchen and you burn my jumpers. You don’t seem to understand the mundane tasks that make the world go round and refuse to participate in them,” Sherlock was looking away as if preparing for the rejection he saw coming. John reached up and gently turned Sherlock’s face back to him and continued, “But you are a brilliant man. You care more than you will ever let yourself believe. You may not see the million ways you do care towards our friends or even me, you may not be conventional about it, but the love is there. Sherlock Holmes, you saved my life the moment you asked me ‘Afghanistan or Iraq’. I knew life with you would never be boring. Of course, I love you, too. It’s always been you, without a doubt.” John gave Sherlock the widest smile as he had tears threatening to fall from his glistening eyes.
"Both my boys home at last. You two have things to talk about. Give a yell if you want some tea." She patted both their cheeks and went back into her flat.
Sherlock must have been desperate for a case as John estimated this was barely a 4 on Sherlock’s case scale. Within 5 minutes of being on the scene, the case was solved. The man had been killed by his wife with his own gun after she found him cheating. Dull. Once they applied just a bit of pressure to the wife, she confessed.
“If you’re going to go around and take my clothes off, I’m starting to think you are overdressed, love.” John looked down at Sherlock’s shirt.
John had already gotten to the kitchen and poured the water. As he turned to walk out of the kitchen, he walked straight into a yawning Sherlock who clearly wasn't expecting a short army doctor in his path. John instinctively raised his hands to brace himself and they landed on Sherlock's chest, as Sherlock wrapped his arms around John as he stumbled. First thing Sherlock processed was that his hands were on John's bare skin which he also wasn't expecting. He leaned back slightly and realized he was holding an almost completely naked blogger. Their eyes met a split second later.
"Uhhhhh, sorry, mates. I just thought Sherlock was being difficult. I didn't realize." Lestrade stumbled through an apology as he realized just how intimately the two were sitting.
It was 2:45am by John’s clock when he woke from a nightmare. For the first time in a long time, he wasn’t awoken by nightmares of Sherlock’s death. This one was from the war, the day he was shot. Afghanistan still took it’s share of his peace. He sat with his head in his hands on the side of the bed. He was just about to get up to get a glass of water when he heard it.
She lifts the pen away from the paper. ‘That’s fine, John. We really should be focussing more on you and Mary in these sessions, and less on Sherlock Holmes.’
‘I need to ask you something, mate, and I think it’s the single most important thing I’ll ever ask of you, so I need you to take it seriously.’
‘Oh shit.’
saint, Mrs Hudson. What would we do without you?’
, is dead. John is back home at 221B, with Sherlock, and with the prospect that they could be something more. He honestly can’t wait for a new case.
John is brought out of his head by the affection in Sherlock’s voice, and knows his distress was clear for the detective to read. He feels uncomfortable and exposed, and will happily escape to the bathroom for an hour to clear his head.
‘I had suspicions, nothing concrete. You were still supposed to forgive her’, he sulks.
When Sherlock arrives at the luxurious ground-floor flat in Chelsea, he’s surprised to find Mycroft standing outside. This murder must be high-profile or, more likely, be clearly connected to him and the previous murders, if it’s managed to drag his brother from the comfort of his office chair.
do you know?’ Sherlock asks, voice so low it’s almost a growl.
‘No.’
Sherlock stays quiet – he’s really not giving John much to work with, so he does what he always does in a crisis: puts the kettle on. His mind is racing through the events of the last hour. His feelings for Sherlock have always been complicated and have been stirred up again since his return from the dead, though he had no idea that Sherlock’s feelings for him had been just as confusing. If Sherlock had made a move before he had jumped then John wouldn’t have hesitated (well, not much passed a token
John gives her a look that she takes to mean “he’s going to answer the phone and it’s best if they don’t row about it in the middle of the street”, and for once she relents, taking a couple of steps away, raising her arm to hail a cab, not waiting to find out if John is joining her.
) for nine-tenths of a second before the truth dawns on him: this message wasn’t meant for him. John is going home to Mary. Sherlock deflates as his heart now appears to stop beating entirely (
memories – but I think we should actually be working on finding out who the hell she is now, and what she plans to do next.’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Check the body for anything that doesn’t belong to her – see if her family can account for all of the keys’, Sherlock orders as he strides out of the door and to the main road to hail a cab. He has everything he needs from the scene, so they follow the body to the morgue, Molly having agreed to come in early to conduct the autopsy and retrieve the bullet for analysis.
‘We can talk about all this when I move back in. For now, let me pay my own way. I have money I was putting aside for the wedding.’
[Sent 21:21]
months ago.’
He deduces the sequence of events within moments of surveying the scene; trying to detach from who the victims are, and to see this as just another murder for him to solve. Sentiment has no place in crime solving. John notices when the mask slides back into place.
have, it was dead!’ He’s aware he isn’t making a lot of sense, but it wouldn’t be the first time that Sherlock’s brilliance has left him tongue-tied.
‘They can’t possibly have gone far, John has only been here for twenty three minutes’, Mycroft says. ‘My people will scour all local CCTV, they’ll be on it somewhere.’
There’s an awkwardness in his voice that Sherlock detects is coming from his embarrassment after spending the whole night vomiting, rather than the incident that happened on the stairs. He can see with just one look that John doesn’t remember his actions. It was a drunken mistake, he knows this, so he doesn’t bring it up, but privately he’s… well, there’s no use even giving that thought the time of day.
Sherlock’s eyes are roaming over everything, though his body is unusually still, tense, his arms still held by the two men who would do anything to protect him from this pain. Without realising, he squeezes Mycroft’s arm as he takes in the scene, reading the events like an open book that will remain resolutely closed to the forensic team.
Mrs. Holmes is cooking while clearly trying to antagonise Mycroft: she currently has her newly peeled potatoes resting on his laptop. ‘Someone put a bullet in my boy, and if I ever find out who it was, I shall turn positively monstrous!’
The detective has now been up for several hours, drinking tea that had materialised that morning, as it always seems to do. He’s thinking about John, about that moment on the stairs before they said goodnight. His mind should be full of the case, but all he can see is John and the bodies in the morgue. He wishes John would get out of bed, needing to see him, even while dreading the inevitable awkwardness that is sure to be in the air between them. John is not gay. Grief and alcohol should share the blame for his behaviour last night.
Donovan barges into Greg’s office just as he’s stretching out, feet up on the desk, to enjoy his weekly Starbucks latte and chocolate chip cookie. The sudden slamming of the door almost causes him to tip over his chair and upend his drink.
‘He’s not
‘Well, I… I thought maybe you were moving in’, I say nervously trying to hide my disappointment. The evening had been going so well!
‘Oh, really, you think?!’ Sherlock shouts as he follows him, face clouded with anger and confusion.
‘Good day, brother mine.’ Mycroft calls up, before the front door of 221 Baker Street clicks shut behind him.
His need for tea outweighing his need for sleep, he releases a hand from under the blanket to take the cup, smiling at his landlady (not housekeeper). ‘Ta, Mrs H.’
‘I wonder if that was the R in AGRA.’
As the evening wears on the summer breeze picks up and the hairs on John’s arms stand on end as a shiver runs through him. He pushes away from the table, stretching his hand out towards his husband.
The woman who was formally one of the Holmes siblings, is finished for the day. She removes her skyscraper heels:
‘Twelve hours of the day’, Sherlock quips.
‘Don’t try that again, Brother Mine.’
a mad scientist, isn’t he? His dress sense has only marginally relaxed since his retirement; the navy suit trousers are a finer cotton and the sleeves of the pale blue shirt are rolled to his elbows.
Sherlock stands at the window, watching as John sets off in the direction of Baker Street tube station. It had begun snowing again last night and the ground is now covered in a fine layer, giving the street a wintery picture postcard quality.
‘I don’t blame you, Sherlock, you were my only friend. I love you, that’s why I came up with this game to attract your attention. I think I excelled myself’, she says, smiling proudly and standing up tall; the gun now down by her side. When Sherlock doesn’t praise her, she continues, ‘No, I can’t blame you at all. I blame our parents,
‘There better not be body parts in those bags, young man.’
‘Yes, really. I’m looking forward to being on my own mattress again.’
The three men in the room have matching expressions of horror on their faces. Even Mycroft, with his derision for all things sentimental, can’t imagine what it would be like to not know one emotion from the other.
‘Know… Probably not. Strongly suspect?’ He thinks back. ‘Yes.’
Patting down his jacket pockets, he locates his cigarettes, and clambers out of the car.
They both audibly groan when they hear the footsteps, with the ever-present tapping of an umbrella tip, making their way up the stairs. Mycroft stops just on the other side of the threshold.
‘Yes.’ Mary speaks over him, and John is furious – she’s
Ever the doctor, John had asked Sherlock when he had last eaten, and hadn’t been too impressed with the answer, promising to pick up a take-away on the way over if Sherlock let him know what he fancied. He’s spent the last two hours ravenously waiting for the smell of the Indian food to waft up the stairs. He’s not waiting for John specifically, of course, he’s just hungry.
Towards the end of the second week John has been at Baker Street they begin to have nightly whiskey rituals; a glass or two in front of the fire, in the lamp light. It’s easier to talk when it’s almost dark, and with Dutch courage running through their veins. They talk about Mary and their complicated relationship with her – Sherlock confesses he liked her because she was keenly intelligent, and she made John happy. John snorts at that. He thinks he was happy a long time ago.
before she died?’
They catch a cab to John’s home, where John stands at the door but cannot bring himself to open it. Sherlock takes the key from his hand and opens up, walking straight into the bedroom to grab the suitcases he knows they keep there. John takes a moment before straightening up, nodding to himself once, and marching into the house as if he’s still a soldier on parade. He averts his eyes away from any of the photos and keepsakes in the living room as he grabs the essentials: his laptop, phone charger, and his duffel bag, before heading into the bathroom to pack his toiletries.
‘Mycroft, I fucked up. Sherlock is on his way, or at least I assume he is. I sent him the address before we knew who… that it was…’ he trails off, not wanting to refer to the man’s parents as victims.
Sherlock nods against John’s chest, before pulling back and pecking John briefly on the lips.
Mycroft!’
‘You’re lovely Mary, you’ll make a wonderful wife, but you know… I hadn’t seen John in nearly two years, and when he came here to tell me he was marrying a
When John walks in from the bathroom, he’s laughing; the sound so unexpected to Sherlock’s ears. He looks up to find his friend tripping over the bottoms of the overly long joggers he’s wearing. Sherlock smirks: John looks even smaller while he’s wearing Sherlock’s clothes. The moment passes quickly when John chokes off the chuckle, realising there is nothing in his life he should be laughing about, at this moment in time. Suddenly subdued, he sees the tea on the table and Sherlock sitting in his chair, and he doesn’t want to drag himself across to his other home.
There’s a battle of wills between them as they lock eyes, waiting to see who will back down first. It will never be Sherlock. Elizabeth’s eyes flick once to Mycroft’s, then back to see Sherlock smirking. He knows he’s won. ‘Alright, I’ll see what I can do.’ She writes something down on a notepad on her desk before carefully recapping the pen and taking a deep breath. ‘So, Mr Holmes. What is your next move?’
When Sherlock wakes up the next morning, he discovers he is still lying on John’s bed, the laptop on the floor beside him. John is facing him now, eyes still open and dry, though there is focus in them now, and that focus is on him. It’s at that point that Sherlock knows Mrs Hudson was right: John
When he comes back through the kitchen John is sitting at the dining table with the two cups of tea. Sherlock flicks his gaze back and forth across him, taking in the dampness in his hair and the chill which is clearly evident on his face.
Erin interrupts them before they can start arguing again, ‘I’d like to talk more about this betrayal in the next session. It’s clearly integral to your decision to be here, so you need to find some way you can discuss it with me, if you really want me to be able to help.’ She looks at them both over the top of her thick framed glasses, like a school mistress, before letting the subject drop.
'Hmm?’ Sherlock carries on down the stairs, not turning around.
Mycroft lowers his eyes, giving a small nod, swallowing down a lump in his throat, clearly not unaffected by the sight in front of him. His dislike for Mary Watson aside, John’s pain at the loss of his family is hard to witness. He doesn’t try to comfort the man, emotions not being his area, he simply calls his driver as his brother leads an ashen and shaky John Watson out of the building and to the waiting car outside.
John looks over at Sherlock, eyes wide, and mouths the word
‘Fuck, do you think she would come after you?! I meant I didn’t want to leave you to deal with all these bloody emotions on your own. I didn’t even
There’s an awkward silence in the room as the other guests pick up on the tension. John takes a big gulp of his drink before grabbing his coat from the hook. ‘Ready?’
‘The bullet?’ he inquires.
that’s something else entirely.
‘Your forensics team arrived ahead of you and have been allowed to work, under the supervision of my people. I want to see any evidence you find immediately.’
He takes his violin out of it’s case, lovingly tuning it – the very act slowing down his incessant thoughts. Flicking through his sheet music he finds a composition he had been working on in his mind palace whilst he was away. He’d begun to write it down at the earliest opportunity after he’s returned to Baker Street. It was for John, of course; a subtle way to show him his feelings without ever having to come out and say it. Or kiss him. Redundant now, he supposes, but he’d still like to play it for John one day. Now things are different it may be time to add a new verse to the arrangement, something more… hopeful. Joyful, even, and less, for want of a better word – pining.
Greg Lestrade calls, and Sherlock whispers into the phone so as not to wake John. The D.I. wants them to know he is taking on Mary’s case, as well as their active serial, regardless of whether the two turn out to be linked. His voice is gruff and Sherlock deduces that he has spent some time crying.
the life I wanted! Before you died.
[Received 21:06]
‘Quite sure, I’m afraid’, he says with genuine sadness, still keeping his voice low in the hope that the inspector would follow suit. ‘I have the Watson address flagged, just as I do with 221B and the home of our parents. Anthea received the notification and called me’, he explains. ‘It appears Mrs Watson lived long enough to make the call from her mobile’, Mycroft tells him while texting Sherlock the same details. It would be up to his brother how much he decided to share with John.
Mycroft puts his head in his hands, mumbling the words
'Don’t pretend you’re not enjoying this.’ John says as he follows behind him.
‘John, I’ll have one of my cars meet you out front. That will get you to your appointment on time.’
‘Not immediately apparent, Sir’, Anderson responds, grateful that Sherlock isn’t here to comment on his failings as an investigator, again. Especially considering who the victims are.
Sherlock doesn’t miss a beat, ‘I decline your kind offer.’
Sherlock’s blood runs cold when he sees the address. He has just returned to the flat from Barts, and has not yet reached his chair when the text comes in, immediately sprinting out of the door without saying a word to John, and without collecting his coat. John barely has time to acknowledge the detective’s return before he disappears again, and he knows something is very wrong when Sherlock doesn’t command him to follow. Collecting their jackets, he chases after him, almost tripping down the stairs in his haste to get to the street before Sherlock hails a cab, just managing to catch up to him in time. He climbs in beside him, getting no response from his friend.
‘What? No… Really?’ John has a moment of panic.
What was it that John always used to say to him? He “
‘True. But the stairs were becoming a bit of a problem with your age and your psychosomatic –’
‘I’m not alone. I have you.’
‘He never causes too much damage to anyone important. He’s far too intelligent for that. He’s a businessman, that’s all, and occasionally useful to us. A necessary evil – not a dragon for you to slay.’
‘Yes… and then you became part of my work.’ He gives John a long look, loaded with meaning.
you talking about?’ Sherlock interrupts.
‘No. He was killed by Magnussen’s men. No identification on him, naturally.’
Mrs Hudson sees him take out a bin bag and nearly has a heart attack – in all the years he’s lived in 221B, she has never seen him do that.
Slowly but surely, John packs up the remainder of his belongings and moves them into 221B. Sherlock notices, of course, but doesn’t mention it.
‘Not necessarily, it’s an easy enough shot. But why the left shoulder rather than a head shot – almost a guaranteed death, or a chest shot – a larger centre of mass?’
'Oh! Spring wedding!’ Mrs. Hudson and Molly exclaim in unison.
he had lost his daughter but he had assumed she was still safely cocooned inside of Mary’s womb, to be buried there with her. Being confronted with her as a separate entity is too much.
For a man that can lie on the sofa for hours at a time, he’s doing a spectacularly bad job of it today, lasting only three minutes before bouncing back up, a bundle of nervous energy in perpetual motion.
‘John, I’m… sorry. If Mary’s death has something to do with me, I… The least I can do is be there for you now.’
Molly has prepared for their arrival, and when she opens up the doors for them, Sherlock holds back, unsure of his place. John looks at him in a silent plea for him to accompany them.
John had slept through the whole day following his identification of his wife and daughter; the only exception being when he woke to vomit. He was grateful that he had been too busy in those moments to have any conscious thought besides getting to the bathroom. His head is pounding. When he tries to recall the events after seeing the body of his daughter, he finds he can remember very little beyond dragging Sherlock to the pub.
‘Is there anything I can do to help you, Mrs. Holmes? Your family seems to have deserted you.’
John whispers to Sherlock, ‘I told your dad he must have overindulged at lunchtime and fallen asleep in the chair on the porch. He seemed to believe me.’
‘Failing that… more wine?’ Sherlock picks up the bottle and fills John’s glass without waiting for a response.
intelligence. You said it was over after Serbia. Did you lie? Or was your intelligence faulty?’
‘As impressive as your mind palace? I’m surprised to hear you admit that’, John says, before going quiet as he ruminates upon the comment. ‘Hang on. What if that’s it? What if his “vaults” are in his own mind palace? It would explain how he can remember so much information. He’s not just memorising paper files; he’s got his own bloody mind palace!’ John grins, immensely pleased with himself; did he actually just beat Sherlock to a deduction?
Sherlock and John both roll their eyes at the same time, shooting each other a small smile. John addresses Eurus, ‘Please do enthral me with your stories, Ms Holmes. It’s not as if I have anything else to do here.’
Mary is lying as she was yesterday, with the sheet pulled back to reveal her face. She looks at peace now, and John knows that’s simply her facial muscles relaxing over time, but it soothes him. He reaches under the sheet to hold her hand and closes his eyes, as though speaking to her in his mind. Molly and Sherlock stand back against the wall, giving John the privacy he needs if he wants to talk to his wife. It isn’t long before he releases her hand, kissing her forehead and pulling the sheet over her face.
‘I think it’s best we take our conversation to the Diogenes, Sherlock’, Mycroft manages to say, in a voice even more nasal than usual. He puts his hand on his brother’s arm, ‘Come on, let the detectives do their job.’ Sherlock opens his mouth to protest, but Mycroft gives him one of his no nonsense expressions, and he just nods and follows him out. He casts his sour expression in John’s direction, ‘Your presence won’t be required, Dr Watson.’
‘Where?’ he asks, ‘What the hell are you on about?’
John smiles at the idiot. He’s always been able to get Sherlock to eat, just by strategically placing food around the case notes. Sherlock will reach for it without even realising, and he’s always had a weakness for Mrs Hudson’s cooking. He puts a plate down on the coffee table next to the stack of case files, before taking his own to his chair, rolling his eyes at Sherlock who is now standing on the vacated sofa.
‘Charles Magnussen was the victim of an attempted robbery. He interrupted the perpetrator and was shot before his security team could respond.’
[Received 21:15]
are the ones that gave me up, and then acted as though I had never existed. And then there’s you’, she glares at Mycroft, ‘you’re the one that convinced Mummy that I had to go away. Everything was
‘This killer has murdered three people in eight days. It’s not a serial, it’s a
Sherlock smirks. ‘No, I thought I better leave that to you.’
know all of this?’ Mycroft demands.
Christmas.’
him! You know that’s why she had to die. And whose fault was it that Mary was in Sherlock’s life to begin with, hmm?’ Eurus stands and walks towards him as she speaks. John refuses to react, refuses to show her fear.
Without a word shared between them, Mycroft leads him through the tastefully decorated flat to the bedroom at the back. Sherlock looks at his brother with a cocked eyebrow when he doesn’t move to follow him in.
calls.’
‘John! At last.’ He flicks on the kettle for tea, grabbing the plates, kitchen roll, and one of the Cobra beers that he’d picked up for John.
Mycroft has been meeting with Lady Elizabeth Smallwood on numerous occasions during this time, to discuss Magnussen, Sherlock’s exile and the re-emergence of Moriarty, but this is the first time the detective has been allowed in on the discussions himself.
‘They are on their way to St. Bartholomew's’, he replies softly.
It’s not long before they are seated side by side again, with John picking at the leftover Indian food, and Sherlock sticking blue-tac to the back of various photographs and reports, ready to form his case wall.
‘Hi.’ He places the tea on the small table beside her. ‘So, are you okay?’
Before John, Sherlock would have been happy to be left alone, able to work on his experiments in peace. Alone did not equate to lonely. But
John visibly reacts to Sherlock’s cold, emotionless voice. He’ll never get used to how the detective keeps himself so detached.
John… well. Things are different now, and he finds the isolation intolerable.
John has successfully managed to avoid his estranged wife all morning and was planning to do so until dinner at the very least. ‘Um… yes of course, I should check on her.’
Eurus just smiles. ‘You have to admit, it was a brilliant plan; copying his cases. Took some time to find the appropriate stand-ins, but I think it was worth it, don’t you?’
‘I’ll call her on my way. She needs to look up the paperwork for Jeff Hope’s autopsy’, he shouts over his shoulder as he walks back to the main road to hail a cab.
Sherlock is crying silently now, staring at his forearms, trying to see the scar, the right one itching again. He’s remembering, albeit in bits and pieces. John moves to sit next to him on the window seat, arms pressed together.
John brings Sherlock’s hand up to his lips, planting a soft kiss on the knuckles. ‘I know’, he whispers.
‘John stays.’
‘Sherlock,’ Lestrade calls, ushering him over to where the victim is slumped against the side of a black cab. He nods at the forensic techs, silently asking for room to let Sherlock work. They are used to him by now, but that doesn’t stop the looks of disdain, especially from Anderson who opens his mouth to retort but wisely stops himself.
‘Oh… I don’t get much chance to… I mean, obviously I can tidy’, I say, though my expression likely telegraphs my reluctance.
Once they have left, Mycroft makes his way over to Lestrade, who is watching the two men drive away, speaking quietly in his ear so as not to be overheard by the other officers.
After an excruciatingly silent cab ride, John and Sherlock return to Baker Street. John hasn’t said another word since thanking Molly, and he’s yet to shed a tear. Sherlock knows he’s in shock, but doesn’t have the first clue what to do about it. Without even looking at his friend, John shuffles up the second set of stairs to his room and closes the door.
obvious.’
trophies, not leave them.’
‘I’m sorry I worried you. But, Sherlock, I still stand by what I said. I’m staying here for a few days.’
Mycroft signals for them to take a seat on the immaculate white leather sofas in the living room. He surreptitiously glances at John, contemplating asking him to wait outside, but in the end he doesn’t refuse the doctor’s presence. He sits opposite them, a pained look on his face. Like his brother, Mycroft is not one to give voice to his theories without concrete evidence.
‘Sherlock’s not like that. He doesn’t do that sort of thing.’ John looks down, trying not to let his face show the way this statement makes him feel. ‘The only person he ever seemed to love was decapitated in Pakistan, four years ago.’
‘No, ballistics will have to compare the bullets after the autopsy, but it appears to be a small calibre handgun.’
‘I fell in love with you. Damn it.’ He wipes a tear that has escaped from his left eye. ‘If I’d known how you felt before you… We could have…
‘You should get a refund on the ring, too.’
‘What about you, then? Have a favourite case?’
‘With ballistics, but to my untrained eye, it’s from the same gun. Those little striations you photographed from the previous two victims match the ones I took yesterday.’ She slides some comparison photographs across the table to him.
He sends the text, looking forlornly at his cookie before picking it up with his coffee: sod it, Sally can drive.
‘I –, yes, I mean, yes – though he loves Mary. Which is unusual for him, to be honest. He used to hate my partners.’ He laughs, self-consciously.
The annoying chirp of John’s mobile, rouses them both just after one am; John realising that he too had fallen asleep, with his head resting on Sherlock’s shoulder. He moves away quickly, grabbing his mobile from the coffee table.
Mycroft nods, looking at his smoke in disgust, ‘I’m still curious, though. He’s hardly your usual kind of puzzle. Why do you ... hate him?’
Mary, however, has contacted him every thirty minutes since the last message he’d read, almost like she’d set a reminder to do so. Putting the phone down on the bench beside him he rests his head in his hands wearily, and takes a moment to feel sorry for himself. He laughs humourlessly: shouldn’t it be a good thing to have two people in love with you? Sighing like a man with the weight of the world on his shoulders, he picks up the phone again and fires off a quick text -
John doesn’t know if it’s possible to save their marriage, but with a baby on the way, he has to try. Therapy is all about being honest with each other and with your therapist, but when your therapist doesn’t have the security clearance to be told the truth about the issues that bring you to her, well… that only makes the whole process ten times harder than it already is. And it’s already damn hard: John hates talking about his emotions and feelings, almost as much as Sherlock does, and anything Mary says has to be taken with a pinch of salt.
Neither of them want to eat breakfast, but Sherlock manages to get John to drink tea before they return to the morgue. On arrival Sherlock heads straight for Molly’s office without realising that John has turned off in the direction of the lift that leads down to the morgue. Sherlock texts Molly to ask her to meet them down there before discussing her findings.
Two weeks pass by and John doesn’t mention moving out of Baker Street. Sherlock feels like every day is borrowed time, unwilling to let himself enjoy John’s presence when he could leave at any time. John should be there permanently, he thinks. They are better when they are together, close by so they can support each other.
‘Doesn’t look like it. Alarm goes off at ten-forty-six pm. Security company, Romec, call Ms Wang to check it out. She arrives and puts her code into the panel at eleven-thirteen. Romec then call the gallery to confirm all is well, and she doesn’t answer. That’s when they called us. Officers arrived at eleven-thirty-nine to find the door open. Her car is the Audi out front, her handbag still on the seat. Nothing appears stolen from here, but a member of staff will carry out an inventory once we’ve cleared the scene. The killer can’t have been in here long. If someone wanted to rob the place, they would have forced her to answer the phone and give her pass phrase, and
Sherlock comes to his brother’s rescue. ‘It was my suggestion to bring Mary here, Mummy. I believed, falsely, that they were having a baby together.’
‘Mary, I may not have lived with you for much of the last seven months, but I
How long can it possibly take to call off an engagement?
John smiles to himself as he goes through the familiar steps of preparing the tea, strangely content to be back in 221B, even if he is slightly worried about opening the fridge. He tries not to look too closely, and just thanks his lucky stars that there’s still milk.
‘It… appears… that Ms. Morstan evaded her protection detail last night. My people have assured me that she boarded a plane to the U.S. Completely unrelated to Magnussen, I assure you. Purely coincidental.’
"Go have a shower," Sherlock cooed. "I'll be up in a minute."
Maybe it's an absurd reaction to have to John all dressed up, since, truthfully, Sherlock will take John Watson in any type of capacity. In sweats and a hoodie, in pants and a sleep shirt, in worn jeans and a graphic tee, in that
." He makes a face like tinsel has personally offended him during some dark time in his life. "It's annoying more than anything."
"Sherlock Holmes, as I live and breathe," a soft, feminine voice comes from just beyond one of the racks of books and Sherlock snaps his head up to see a young, petite brunette peering at him with sharp green eyes from around the shelf. "What on earth is my brooding little lab partner doing hiding away in the library at 11am on a Saturday while the entire rest of the university is currently screaming their guts out at our beloved rugby team?"
Sherlock spreads his legs, pulling his knees up to his chest as John slides his slick fingers inside him, preparing him slowly. Sherlock stares up at him, curls fanned out against the pillow, eyes wide and trusting as John opens him up.
Then he rolls over and pulls Sherlock to his chest.
John growled and slid his hand down Sherlock's stomach. He pulled open his belt, flicking the clasp of his trousers open and pushing them down with his pants, dragging his fingers over the taut muscles of his thighs as he moved toward his goal. John had begun to pride himself on his well he could get Sherlock's cock out of his trousers and he grinned when he heard a soft moan from Sherlock's lips over his neck. He glided his fingertips over the velvety skin of Sherlock's erection, reveling in the hitch in Sherlock's breath.
it. Of all the things that are driving him right around the twist from last weekend's ill-fated party, there are two things that John cannot stop thinking about.
Today was a little different.
"I know. And if you have questions, I will answer all of them. But I promise, you will be my first for so many things, John. We'll have to cross many bridges together. But I think we can do it."
"I'll go on telling you what a naughty, filthy boy you are because I can tell how much you like it. How you get off on it."
Oh, Sherlock.
The shell of Sherlock Holmes passes through the rest of his classes without notice.
"You're welcome," Sherlock all but whispers with a nod and a soft smile, letting himself be absorbed into the moment that he, Sherlock bloody Holmes has just made John Watson happy.
It's what Sherlock thinks.
you. He got you drunk at a party at
Sherlock bit down viciously on his bottom lip as he fully seated himself inside John, eyes wide and bright boring into the blue gaze beneath him. "John-" he choked, gasping slightly on the n as he glanced down to where they were joined. "John!" he cried again quietly.
He's ashamed to admit it even now. He's barely said three words to John, a 'sorry' once when he ran into him on accident in the hall, an 'excuse me' when he nudged passed him in the cafeteria… yup, just about three words.
as this is, it's also incredibly dangerous, nothing but slick tiled hard walls all around them and if that hurt shoulder of John's bumps up against any one of them, there will be absolutely nothing sexy about any of this.
"How is this
"I was asleep by the time you were coherent enough to even think," Sherlock smirked, remembering that delightful orgasm he'd delivered to his boyfriend so effortlessly only a week ago, remembering John crying out his name as he came, entire body shaking with the intensity of it. Even without penetration, they had earth-shattering, mind-blowing sex. "If memory serves, you were a bit… out of it after that little session, were you not?"
Shoving his things into his bag hastily and waving off his teammates ribbing him about his urgency, John hustles up the hill and across the road to his dorm room, attempting to calm his pounding heart that has nothing to do with the sprints he'd just completed.
to John. He cannot take his eyes off his lover, cannot stop focusing on long fingers intertwined with his, cannot believe this beautiful creature is his, tumbling curls falling around his face so eloquently, sharp eyes glinting in the flashing light as they look out amongst the crowd.
"I'll see you tomorrow for lunch?" Sherlock murmured breathlessly.
John could have cried with relief as he took in the tall, familiar figure in the doorway, coat billowing out around his slender frame, curls perfectly coiffed, gray eyes bright with anticipation. John didn't realize he'd been aching to see Sherlock since the start of this conversation with Harry and wanted to go to him so badly, only hesitating due to his sister being in the room.
John frowned, trying to remember what their last discussion had been, and closed his eyes tightly to refocus. When he opened them again, the figure was gone, and the man John had been dancing with was stroking his cheek with his thumb, turning his head back to him. John leaned in to the touch, never having experienced anything like it before. It was so gentle and soothing. John hummed in reply.
?" Irene suddenly barks, falling into step beside him and throwing the back of her hand to his upper arm in a disbelieving
"Sherlock Holmes," John mumbled. "Sherlock Holmes is the matter with me."
Why that puts Sherlock at ease, he will never know, but he nods in agreement. "Okay."
Already grinning, squinting against the bright sun, Greg Lestrade is making his way over, hair gently fussing in the light breeze, face flushed with excitement. He looks practically the same since the last time John has saw him, just a year previous, waving out the window of his mother's four-door sedan shouting 'See you next summer!'
But fantasizing and dreaming and considering are not the same as actually doing.
"Nothing!" Sherlock cries, reaching out for the bag.
Not even John Watson.
Wrong.
British government, eh?"
John with his…
Irene makes an appalled face like John is being completely ignorant about something abundantly clear and turns to Paul for support.
John flushed. "I don't even know what to call it," he admitted, trying to push away all the uncomfortable reminders that he may not be worth a relationship with Sherlock Holmes.
"Alright?" John murmurs.
The hand wrapped around the nape of his neck dips its fingers beneath the jersey still fitted down his torso, stroking naked skin back and forth, back and forth, making Sherlock's eyes roll back in his head from beneath closed lids, his own tongue leaping out with more confidence than it has any business having and seeking out John's, brushing and curving, meeting again and again, every encounter better than the one before, every touch making Sherlock's splayed-out fingers curl tighter into John's t-shirt at his upper and lower back, cradling him as close as humanly possible. The warmth of John's skin seeps through his clothing and into Sherlock's hands, strong muscles shifting beneath his touch and Christ why hadn't he done this so many weeks ago? Why hadn't he grabbed John Watson and kissed him breathless on day one?
John lays on his back, head settled comfortable between Sherlock's thighs, pink lips wrapped around Sherlock's cock in a perfect ring, two fingers pressing to the heavy sac that lay at the base.
John's eyes widened and he followed the Sergeant up the steps.
I do have a quick question: would you guys like me to respond to your comments? I can never decide. I always want to but then some people like to simply quietly leave a comment and be done with it… and some like to hear back. I'm torn. You guys are wonderful and I hope you know how grateful I am for those precious comments that make my day every single time...Am I over thinking it?
Sherlock groans softly.
"Amazing," John murmurs, placing a kiss in Sherlock's hair. "You're amazing, Sherlock."
Sherlock glances over his shoulder at her to find wide eyes staring back at him. He frowns. "What?"
would like to belong to John Watson.
And without another thought, he slips it on.
"Yeah, alright," he murmurs and Sherlock sags in relief. "Actually, I do have something."
As they approached the end of the hall, Moran turned to him. "I don't know what the hell you did, Cadet Watson, but you pissed off the wrong guy. Good luck."
Sherlock nods. "Alright then."
"Please," is all he manages to say out loud, "I want you to."
keep that promise.
"Hey, wait," John lays a hand on Sherlock's forearm, causing the dancer's body temperature to skyrocket. "Um, so, next week is your show, right?"
John snorted. "Does it matter? I can call you whatever you'd like, as long as you know that you are mine and I am yours."
But tonight, John's outfit is having a different affect. A subtler affect. An affect that warms Sherlock from head to toe and makes his heart feel like it's expanding in his chest, beating harshly against his ribcage in a steadythump of anticipation. Tonight, John looks handsome and kind and open, ready to take on the night with his roommate, currently chattering away happily, occasionally tossing excited little grins in Sherlock's direction, clearly pleased as punch to have gotten Sherlock to agree to this little outing.
Fuck, the rugby player is desperate to get his mouth on this gorgeous boy. Anywhere will do.
Free to mingle and mix and be.
"What?" Mike presses, seeming to suddenly notice the tension in John's shoulders and glancing between his captain and his teammate. "What is it?"
The boy who's breathing goes a bit ragged and he clings a bit harder to Sherlock still standing in the doorway, fingers digging into Sherlock's back but the curly-haired boy pretends not to notice, simply holding John steady and comforting him as best he can, grateful to be the one to do this for John Watson. "I know," he murmurs into blonde hair, because he does know, he knows
John fidgeted with his beer bottle for a moment uncomfortably.
Waiting for graduation.
"Oh gross, please for the love of God, don't refer to each other as 'babe.' This is disgusting enough as it is," John said, rolling his eyes.
John.
"Sherlock? Who are you talking to? Who is Billy? Please, for the love of god, please tell me you aren't bringing someone home with you. Mummy will have a proper fit," Mycroft's annoying voice came filtering through the tiny speaker in his ear.
Will was suddenly very close again, pressing his wet lips to John's ear. "You wouldn't be leaving. You'd still technically be at the club. Come on. I know you want to."
Holding his gaze for a long moment, irises shifting to a clear crystal, Sherlock hesitates before nodding once succinctly, a tick of a brow challenging John to respond in any other way besides correctly.
"Please?" John said sleepily. "Just a quick little smooch and then I'll be out of your hair and off to my dreams where you are very very naked."
He adores every sodding inch of Sherlock Holmes.
John sobbed into Sherlock's skin, pleasure firing from every cylinder of his body, thrusting into Sherlock's fist, panting harshly. Sherlock's hand dragged back down his length, and the head of his cock bumped against Sherlock's own erection.
Because he loves him.
It had been made to order by some Italian designer Sherlock had found online, that handmade things like leather bound journals, as well as engraving them for an extra fee which Sherlock took full advantage of, the letters J and W etched side by side on the cover in gold lettering, perfectly aligned to Sherlock's specifications.
"You enjoy watching people squirm, don't you?" John said playfully. Sherlock plucked the coffees from his hand and dropped them in the bin next to the door.
Sherlock grips his books tightly in his arms and ducks his head.
It's not anyone else that has caused the silence previous and now shortness of Sherlock's texts. It's not an outside source that's settled friction in their interactions, albeit not face to face. It's not a third party that's setting off this uneasy feeling like something is definitely wrong.
Something twitches out of the corner of Sherlock's eye but he misses it, unsure if it was a limb or an item or something else lurking around the house, but he doesn't miss the setting of Victor's jaw as the bloke grinds his molars together and thrusts the drink in his direction again.
John frowned. "Why don't you like me? I like you. I'm-I'm trying to do all the things you want. How many m-meetings have we had?"
"You're stunning, Sherlock," John whispered as he lay his hand against Sherlock's cheek, stroking a thumb along his cheekbone. Sherlock leaned into the touch. "And as much as you pretend you don't, I know you care. About this paper, about your writers. I can see it. I love that about you. Although you could stand to be a little nicer."
"Come on, tell me!"
"Take it," Victor murmurs softly but the words are piercing in Sherlock's ears, the bite not lost in the volume and something like an adrenaline spike zings through his veins.
John giggled and Sherlock stopped breathing for a moment, the sound so unexpectedly sweet to his ears. He fought back his own smile.
Sherlock follows suite and soon they are galloping through the meadow and into the open space of the Holmes property.
Something warms in the pit of Sherlock's stomach at how
Sherlock grins. "Oh…well. Good then." He nods more to himself than anything and glances down at his chest. "What do I…"
Mike nodded theatrically and waved his arms as he spoke, punctuating every word like he'd just been to war. "Oh yes, we did. We stormed in there, made some very serious threats, explained we would be back if he ever hurt you again, demanded he be a good man for you!"
"The way of what?"
They regard each other for a moment before both bursting into laughter.
in response, dark and hard like Sherlock has never heard it before. "What the
"My roommate," he attempts to say loud and sure, but his voice is soft and uncertain. He's not sure why he sounds uncertain. John
And with that, she bounds down the stairs and out of sight.
, he mentally reminded himself.
that Sherlock would never want to hide him, that Sherlock wants him so badly, that Sherlock has loved him for ages and it's imperative that John bloody Watson knows all of this
"John," Sherlock cuts him off gently, saying nothing more and John's thoughts quiet themselves at the sound of his name leaving Sherlock's mouth before he breathes out in a rush.
Stomach rolling at the implications of his mother's words, Sherlock shoots a panicked glance at his flatmate, who is currently assisting in the clean up and not reacting at all to Mrs. Holmes words.
Sherlock shrugged. "Well not any longer. Now may I have a look at the crime scene?"
"What's your favorite film?"
John is a little bit excited to meet him.
John shrugged. "Dunno."
"You're John Watson?" The guard actually looked surprised and rather pleased all at once. "The John Watson Sherlock is always prattling on about?"
more.
"B-but the dance," Sherlock gasps, even though he doesn't want to go back. He has better manners than to leave Molly behind.
"Please, just listen," she begs, running a hand through her hair and glancing down at the table. "Look, I know you don't want me in your business and I get that, I do, but I just needed to say my piece, okay? You're new to this stuff and you may not see it. He's… he's got his eye on you in this predatory sort of way and I don't like it, Sherlock. Especially since you have John already, I don't want anything getting in-"
"I know," Greg nods in commiseration. "But you seem to be doing alright."
room because
Which is apparently what today is for.
An extra line or two on his face.
"Captain's orders," Mike replies quickly, shooting a quick glance at Paul before continuing. "Says we've got to go at least toss the ball around a bit even if it's an off day. Now come
Nodding once succinctly, Sherlock sets his beer bottle to the side and grips the tiny sphere in his hand, palm sweating around it as he realizes this game does actually require some sort of skill. He's glad there isn't much expectation on how he plays but he'd prefer not to make a damn fool out of himself.
That last thought was the one that propelled him through the door.
Maybe he'd beaten them.
"Ignore him," Mike was saying. "He's a tool. He was at the pub last night, too, the prick. Probably stalking you."
Sherlock stood with his back to them, silent for a long moment, then turned.
With a rather intense glower in Mike's direction, Victor spins on his heel and practically stomps out of the room, which Sherlock finds completely childish and almost hysterical, considering the fact the Victor is quite literally missing out on nothing. Sherlock doesn't even know what Pong is. He and Mike will surely lose. If anything, Victor has dodged a bullet as far as the genius is concerned.
He can't help noticing that John hasn't taken his hand off his shoulder.
And suddenly, John's hand is moving again. And Sherlock forgets how to breathe altogether, watching with wide eyes as it creeps closer.
He'll leave that part out for now.
a single piece, John," Sherlock argues from behind John, still perched at his desk as John gathers his things to head to the boy's dorm floor loo. "It's made up of several pieces and different walls and… a-and…"
And John slowly faded away. Back in with his stupid mates at school. Boys he didn't even like, but desperate for human contact. They mentioned Sherlock on occasion, and John feigned noninterest, although he clung to their every word, something about Sherlock becoming increasingly snappish and rude, something about Sherlock no longer knowing his place. It was hard to keep track of what was being said when the only word John heard was
Sherlock felt like the wind had been knocked out of him. He stared at his brother in disbelief, as cool, quiet rage boiled within him.
The derisive snort Sherlock is clearly going for falls flat as he leans into John's touch, John's lips brush against Sherlock's ear. "What people do at clubs is not dancing."
John blinks. "Then let's make sure he doesn't catch you."
John grins and reaches down, flicking open the button of his jeans and pulling down the zipper. He pushes the band of both his boxers and trousers down to his hips and takes himself in hand. Sherlock stays still as a statue, eyes trained on John's flushed cock, hard and leaking in his grasp.
God, but they are pretty together. Both holding a dark, posh air about them, equally assessing eyes watching and judging, posture perfect, confidence oozing effortlessly.
But they don't speak about it.
"John," he groaned, "I meant it when I said we... we weren't going to...oh
"Tell me you like it," John growls, grip tightening in his curls, just hard enough to make it exciting. Sherlock moans loudly.
are important to me."
His fingers loosened as his body went slack on the bed, his orgasm slowing to a calming lull and then stilling. His breathing slowed and he blinked rapidly as his vision cleared, finally coming back down.
"Why did you do that?" Sherlock demanded, face flickering darkly.
"Yeah,
Romantic, his John.
Which was so incredibly fucked up.
"Oh," he says, seemingly caught off guard. "I didn't...I didn't think you'd still be here still."
"I'm not gay," Mike said defensively.
. Although, that's not the only thing he's learned. Not by a long shot.
Sherlock turned and walked back down the alley in slow motion, wishing more then anything he'd stayed home tonight and missed all of this entirely. Missed the pain of watching John grinding against someone, missed the panic of John being in trouble, missed the agony of watching
He went to lay back down, but not before his sight cleared and he took in his surroundings and found how familiar this room was. Then the door creaked open and-
They need to go
John tips his face up to the ceiling as though in deep thought. "Uh… the affects tackles have on the brains of morons?"
And he finds that everything on John's perfectly neat side of the room is still there.
," Sherlock volleys back, irritation and hope and panic and fear all warring for dominance within his slender body. "You asked me what we were doing, implying you didn't want anyone to know and I said-"
"John I swear to god-"
God, he needs it.
He should have made the place completely uninhabitable, should have forced John out the moment the boy dropped his bags at the bottom of the second flight of stairs and stuck out his hand to introduce himself as Sherlock's new flatmate, the one his landlady Mrs. Hudson had gone and found for him because she just 'couldn't bear to see him holed up there all alone for an entire school year.'
John is
Frowning, Sherlock cocks his head. That point was made fairly obvious when he'd 'called' John. Why would he-
"But –" Greg goes to protest before Sherlock holds up a hand to stop him.
soon to ask what he wants to ask but he just can't seem to shake it off, let alone
And again.
It's tender.
"Sherlock, look at me," John breathes.
Sherlock's shaggy head stays bent, a small tilt of his skull his only acknowledgement of John's words.
"Mike, yes, okay, well Mike was just about to proposition you. Now, you only choosing recently to be openly gay and in a new place with one familiar friend, I assume you wouldn't want that friendship to end due to an uncomfortable situation, correct?"
God, he's so beautiful.
And sets about forcing his walls back up.
Then internally punches himself for how truly moronic that sounded.
Wiping tears of mirth from his eyes as they enter into their residence hall, John just catches a glimpse of the look on Sherlock's face. The pleased creases of his eyes and the soft parted awe of his lips, the look John strides for every single day, the one that says
Over him.
Sherlock's heart beat harder against his chest as John's eyes twinkle at that sentence. "An explosion?"
Sherlock knows that look. He narrows his in warning but she's no longer concerning herself with Sherlock's sexuality as she steps around him already beaming. Sherlock still doesn't turn, instead pretending to busy himself with refolding his shirts. He'd like to delay the inevitable meeting of the roommate for as long as humanly possible.
He remembers and he needs it more than he needs air.
"You wanna go?" Irene is suddenly at his side and Sherlock just barely stops himself from jumping out of his skin, immediately berating himself for losing his mind over the simple possibility of catching even a
Reaching up to curl his hands around Sherlock's forearms, John leans his head back and snuggles into his partner's shoulder, smiling up at him slyly, indulging in the attention. "How do you feel about dancing?" he murmurs, stroking palms along Sherlock's arms.
Sherlock grinned for the first time since they started this conversation. "It's more then alright," he said softly. He laid a chaste kiss on John's lips and whispered, "It's perfect."
Decisions were made swiftly within his head after that; he wouldn't tell his parents. He wouldn't tell his sister. He wouldn't tell anyone until he could get up and out of the shitty little town he lived in. He'd wait until he could go to university, get to a new city, and figure it out from there.
"Yes you could have," Sherlock whispered fiercely. "You could have but I understand why you didn't and I cannot talk about it anymore. I've thought about it nonstop for weeks and I can't, I
And John can't look away.
Sherlock almost goes to him.
John nodded. "Alright, Greg."
Maybe Sherlock was really offended by John's anger toward his experiments. John had never been particularly fond of the experiments, especially the ones conducted in their room, but Sherlock never seemed to care. That couldn't be it.
And slowly brought his shaky fingers to the fly front of his trousers.
"I gave him permission to ride the horses, Sherlock. He's very good with them and-"
He watches in horror as tears spill onto John's cheeks.
"Alright, hey, relax," John reaches out and gives Paul's shoulder a gentle, reassuring squeeze even as his hand shakes in the process, his whole frame decidedly not taking his own advice as it screams in silent fury. "It's fine. Thank you for telling me."
And by the looks of it, he wasn't coming back.
"I think I was pretty clear," Sherlock bit back. "Now if you'll let go-"
. She barely ever called or texted and she never came home again after moving out. Harry stumbled to the couch and flopped down.
John straightens slightly, looking panicked. "I won't," he says, wrapping fingers around Sherlock's forearms. "I won't, I promise."
"Unlikely," Sherlock calls back without turning around.
To Sherlock.
"Yes, John, we're going to have sex. We're going to make all your distracting fantasies come true and get that mind back to where it belongs: on the plan."
"Mm, you like that?" John says with another thrust. "You're such a good boy, Sherlock. Such a good boy, taking it so good for me."
And then John kisses him gently and Sherlock moans without thinking.
And after what could have been eternity, Sherlock is finally on the back of John's bike, cuddling close and breathing him in.
," Sherlock gasps, strong hands finding John's hips and pulling him close, pressing bare skin to bare skin, shooting tingling sparks along John's nerves and a groan out of his mouth, lips closing along Sherlock's neck and sucking gently. "John I-… I absolutely stand by what I said last night."
Sherlock furrows his brow. "What?"
He stalks toward Sherlock, crowding him until his back hits the wall.
"You're truly gorgeous when you come, Sherlock," John says, rubbing circles over Sherlock's back.
"M-Mike?" John stuttered. Name, his name, his friend's name… wait, what was this guy's name?
"I'm not here for Gregory, Sherlock," Mycroft replies. "Get in the car."
"I know, it's alright," Sherlock muttered into his hair, hands soothing circles over John's back. "Mycroft must have blocked your number from my phone. I didn't think about- I just thought you didn't want me anymore."
John grinned against his lips. "Bossy."
Three
John's eyes widened. "You were going to fight him?"
Almost.
"Huh. I didn't know Sherlock had friends."
, right Vic?"
. If it will get you all out of here, then I will come with."
"Alright," he murmured and narrowed his eyes at Sherlock's triumphant grin. John followed him out the door and, yet again, into a taxi. "Okay, but really, you have to tell me this time."
He's also rather grateful that Mike's shot was terrible. If he can at least land the ball near a cup he'd call it a victory.
Freeing a small white box, Sherlock plucks the lid off with his fingertips and peers inside.
A very serious and angry man was barreling toward Sherlock and grasped his arm before John was even fully out of the car.
The arms around him tighten. "You… you're welcome, Sherlock," his mother murmurs, her voice wobbling and Sherlock loves her fiercely. She's always been a weeper and right now she's crying over his happiness and it's the best day of Sherlock's entire life.
He hadn't realized he'd been crying.
Victor barks out a manic laugh and gives a hard yank on Sherlock's arm, propelling him forward. "You want some? Just a little something to take the edge off? I know you
Sherlock sighed resignedly and dropped his hands, taking a small step back, shoving his hands in his pockets. "Mycroft is concerned about my...sobriety."
"I guess it was just us then, huh?" John teases, prodding Sherlock in the ribs with a smirk. "Everyone else knew about us before we did?"
Irene raises an eyebrow. "You really didn't know? Come
Better than anything Sherlock could have ever conjured up.
. You'd really just throw it out?"
"Have you been in the heart of the city before?" Sherlock murmurs, afraid of breaking the spell lighting up John's face.
to snog before now.
John's face flamed. "Uhh... I see a kitchen," he said dumbly.
"I- I think I should tell you," Sherlock murmurs, fingers clutching into John's grasp, as though afraid after he speaks John may make a run for it. "I'm not... I've never...
. Easy to care, easy to trust, easy to let his guard down. And Sherlock's fierce thoughts of protection toward this boy, the need to know he was all right was too much. He'd never cared for someone like this. He'd never cared about anything like this.
. "I understand, okay? It's fine. Just… just go. Okay? Please."
Now if he could just find that-
John had grinned like a fool and replied:
Not the spending time with gorgeous John Watson, who pulls off his shirt in the hot summer sun halfway through training sessions, revealing tanned, rippling muscles.
"You really are adorable," Victor laughs and Sherlock's entire body wilts.
this time of year, thank you very much. It's exhausting at best and depressing at worst and if it could just end altogether, that would be absolutely ideal. The sheer idiocy of a holiday created solely for the purpose of celebrating couples and specifically leave out those who do not have anyone special in their lives is just a bit too much to accept.
page! Come join in!
It's electrifying.
On today of all damn days.
John's body was starting to wilt, the haze over his eyes thickening.
to be here. It's not awkward or strange or uncomfortable, not any of the normal things Sherlock experiences in large group settings. It's… simple. Nice, even.
"Look, mate, I'm sorry," John started. "Victor and I… got into it a bit last week. He's just getting back at me for it. Don't worry about it, I'll get it sorted-"
. John didn't really want to ask questions. He could ask questions later.
It's the smallest thing in the world. A hitch of breath, almost silent, bitten off and swallowed back down but harsh enough to sharpen Sherlock's senses and it's only when he feels the body against his go rigid and pull back just enough to remove all sensitive touch from that it hits him.
He needs to get a handle on himself.
The genius boy prays he's far enough away that his appraising gaze wasn't quite as obvious as he fears it may have been. Cheeks darkening at the thought, Sherlock is just about to panic when John smiles wider and pleasant laughter bubbles over his lips. "Come down here," he bobs his head back in invitation and shakes his phone over his head. "I was just about to order takeaway."
Sherlock moans quietly, gooseflesh bubbling across his skin at those words. He's wanted to be seen. He's wanted John to see him so badly all these weeks. He squeezes John's hand, rolling his hips gently.
But he couldn't tear his eyes away from Sherlock, intent on finding out what he was doing. He watched through steel bars as Sherlock approached a door on the side of the large house, and crouched before it. He pulled his bag close to him and pulled out a black rectangle that John couldn't quite make out before it vanished behind Sherlock's frame. John cocked his head, fascinated, and a little nervous, anticipation rushing in him, thrilled to find out more about his teacher.
Link leaned a bit closer. "I saw... I saw Mr. Holmes..." He faltered on the name and John felt his stomach turn over. He wasn't sure if he wanted to know the rest.
He grinned as he considered if this was how Sherlock felt every minute of every day, observing and saving information. He was planning to remember every reaction Sherlock had. For next time.
"I just did a lot of things, John. To which are you referring?"
"Well," he growled. "Good to know how little I meant to you."
He stays very still, replaying the events in his head and still can't quite understand. He thought he'd done pretty well, judging by Sherlock's reaction and quick release.
The guard chuckled as he made his way around John and cleared the path for him. Suddenly terribly nervous, John made his way to the door described and, after a moment of hesitation, knocked.
," John mutters, the phone yet again going to voicemail. "Fucking hell."
Finally, John's body began to relax under Sherlock's gentle touches and words. "But I've got no experience and you…"
they aren't going away any time soon," Sherlock glares up at John, though the rugby player doesn't miss the glimmer of mirth dancing along the lines of his eyes. "You might as well get up and go."
The smugness drops rapidly from Sherlock's face, something akin to horror replacing it as red stains his sharp cheekbones. "No," he snaps, though the bite is hindered by the blush spreading across his face. "I attended the uh-… the one… it wasn't an official match, but it's the-…"
In a car.
He glanced up and stared hazily into soft, kind green eyes, gazing at him kindly, silently promising to take care of him. And all that fear faded away. Sure he could trust this random person showing him such kindness. Sure he could go with him, no problem. He seemed nice. This is what people did, right? Went off together after meeting in a dark club? Isn't this what Sherlock did every weekend? Suddenly, John wanted nothing more then to go with this man and forget about Sherlock entirely.
"Would you like to test that theory?" Sherlock snips, though he's much softer and quieter now, less rigid and worried and John takes it as a good sign.
, I mean- well I mean I knew you danced by I didn't
John ached to make Sherlock laugh like that. To make him smile like that. To make him react in any positive way at all. Something pressed heavily on his chest, forcing the breath from his lungs as he watched this exchange. To watch Sherlock interact with anyone in such a way hurt more then John had ever even realized possible. It was an absurd reaction, but it didn't seem like there was much choice in the matter.
John, in another more fierce wave of panic, reached for him before he could go to far. "No!" he cried, shaking his head, eyes flying open to find Sherlock's features crinkled in concern. "N-no, please," he whispered. "Just... maybe we get underneath the covers?"
He's in love.
"John, do you truly believe I would go to someone's house and break in without picking up on my surroundings first?"
"I guess Molly goes to school with him," Greg replies with a shrug. "She said he's uh… intense I guess? Smart as shit apparently."
It's... a rather nice feeling actually.
Sherlock's eyes flutter open to stare, a soft whimper escaping his lips at the loss of contact. "J-John?"
Uh, because you look like that, John wanted to say but he bit his tongue. The man's eyes narrowed.
He lets out a shaky breath and touches John's free hand.
John's cheeks flame, feeling foolish to have to reveal this to his friends. "I don't know," he mumbles. "It just is.
Jesus, those four words. That sentence. It's
John fumbles for a moment longer before rocketing himself at the window, throwing it open and practically diving out.
"Sherlock."
"Shut up," John chuckles, hardly even denying it anymore. The team is all too aware of his feelings for Sherlock, what is the point of lying about it?
It wasn't that Victor's jabs were particularly cunning or clever, it was just the sheer condescension in his tone. The way he spoke as though everything John said or did was ridiculous. John hated to admit it but it was wearing on him. The looks he was thrown, the way Victor constantly raked his eyes up and down Sherlock's body, eye-fucking the shit out of him right in John's face was driving him up a wall. And his words from only days ago… they were hanging over his head like a sign, announcing to the world how truly unworthy he was of someone like Sherlock Holmes.
Shrugging, Victor peers over John's shoulder as though deeply interested in the proceedings behind him and not at all interested in this conversation. "No reason," he murmurs, "so Sherlock will be all alone this evening then?"
No, he can't.
John's mouth had gone dry, his head spinning for more reasons then the hangover. "What- what are you talking about?" he said, keeping his voice as low as Sherlock's had been.
He'd have to work this perfectly to get John to agree.
There is something equally thrilling and terrifying about this, holding someone so solid and sturdy in his hands with such delicacy, taking such careful care of the person who is always taking careful care of Sherlock. He gets to hold the most precious thing in his world as close to him as possible and John, always most concerned with Sherlock's state of well-being, lets him.
John glanced back and forth for several seconds, staring at his mad friends. "What the fuck is happening?"
Sherlock shakes his head vigorously. "No. No, tell me. Tell me why?"
John's already slick digit finds Sherlock's hole and slowly, gently, pushes it inside, Sherlock instinctively tightening at the intrusion.
"You're not angry," he stated, narrowing his eyes slightly.
Face what he's
you. All of you. You feel so good under my hands, Sherlock. I want… I
Sherlock cuts her off with a hug.
Sherlock stepped closer, seeming unperturbed by John's demeanor. "I don't mind the blood," he crooned, sliding his hands onto John's hips. "You do need to get that cleaned up though so it doesn't get infected. I'll help-"
Because he's focused on his soldier.
The last of his sentence is cut off just as the sky lights up once more, followed by a booming thunder, and the clouds moves ominously above them.
Sherlock nods, standing just a little straighter. "Alright, John Watson."
you!"
John frowned. "No. Who?"
And still, he doesn't see ethereal green eyes and deeply bowed lips.
John Watson, however, seems to have a different plan in mind.
"Me too!"
John looks like he could either burst into tears or scream bloody murder.
Sherlock's lips twitched. "Special attention?"
Yes, he may be gay... he thinks. But why does it even matter? Really, someone
But that feeling, that concern creeping up his spine, the fear that he'd really done something bad fades back into the darkness of his swirling thoughts as he finds his roommate smirking at him, looking surprised and delighted all at once, like Sherlock is some sort of marvelous wonder.
"Hm," Sherlock notes with a tone of surprise and does it again, dragging a heated strip up to John's ear and taking the lobe between his lips, nipping the soft tissue with the edges of his teeth just hard enough to make John gasp, the hand on Sherlock's hip curling into his own jersey as if grasping on to his own sanity.
"Nothing," John shakes his head with a grin. "I just wasn't aware that you owned a pair of trousers that weren't perfectly fitted and posh as hell."
"Well you're all… red," Victor says with a frown, eyes following something that appears to be dripping down Sherlock's temple which, when he swipes his fingers along it, turns out to be sweat. He realizes he must look like a disheveled mess but it's not like he can go home and change and get himself together again. He doesn't even know if he's allowed to go home. Not when John is-
"Nothing," Sherlock whispers, pressing his forehead to John's neck, the sigh leaving his lips ghosting along the rugby player's collarbone. "You were right, though."
of all people.
Mike scoffed and shook his head. "Wow," he breathed in disbelief. "John was right. You are a fucking bastard."
This can't be happening.
side? It's making John's blood pump a little harder in his veins, heighten his senses a little more, make his mouth water with so much potential, so many delicious fantasies running through his mind as his prick rubs against those tightly fitted jeans wrapped around his gorgeous lover, makes him ache in places he didn't know he had.
Greg's eyes widen slightly as they make their way up the steps. "Uh - actually no, not officially. Although I do know who you are. You blew a hole through the door of Mr. Miller's chemistry classroom last year, yeah?"
"Suck it," Sherlock replies without missing a beat, clearly too gone to be embarrassed anymore, boldly asking for what he wants, all but begging for it and John can't help grinning like a fool in the crease of Sherlock's thigh, nosing at the soft skin until his lover keens helplessly before he pulls back and glances up. "Please, John,
"It's been four years," Sherlock counters with a scowl. "It hasn't stopped yet."
"Christmas theme, of course," Mrs. Holmes cuts her youngest son off from attempting to divert the conversation elsewhere and hide his complete love for the holiday.
Sherlock blinked. "I-" he started, then his face grew frightened. "I'm not right, John. I'm not-Christ, I told you in the beginning I've never even wanted a relationship. I didn't. Not until you. What kind of person prefers to be alone? What kind of person chooses loneliness?"
"What was?" John asks worriedly, taking a panicked step closer in an attempt to help. "The heart?"
John Watson.
Molly huffs loudly. "I'm just
The sentence rises slightly in pitch and Sherlock's stomach clenches in agony as John's breath audibly catches in his throat on a sob.
from the inside out.
Sherlock sat at his desk, grinning a rather watery grin at the doctor.
boyfriend."
Maybe they scrambled their initials on purpose? To confuse him? To keep their identity a secret?
He watches as Mary scoots as close to John as possible, clips on the helmet Sherlock had worn what seemed like years ago now, and melts her body around the captain.
He only watches.
This isn't real.
The two of them against the rest of the world.
"John shut up-"
Then he moves. Sherlock flinches, closing his eyes, anticipating the first blow.
It's cheesy and wonderful and Sherlock can't help poking a little bit, knowing he's being mean with his little surprise and unable to care. He'll be with John so
. Deny it?
"What! I could have taken you," Link said proudly. "I've got a wicked one-two punch."
"Yeah," Mike agrees with a serious nod, eyes widening a fraction. "Come on, the Task Force needs an update."
Sherlock gave John a hazy grin from his place on the floor, breathe calming as he came back to himself. "John," he panted, pressing his forehead to John's thigh. "You have…no idea… how long…I've wanted this."
Mycroft's face immediately fell, pleased crinkles turning to flat out confusion, mouth falling open in shock. "Sorry?"
He rests his head back along his forearms and rocks into John's ministrations over his body, whispering broken breaths and cries of pleasure.
John attempted another text to Sherlock.
He flexes his toes against the tile out of habit, watching as the muscles contract through his leg. He falls into first position, then second, appreciating his slender, toned body so much more now that he knows what it does to his lover. The things John whispers to him in moments of passion burn bright in his mind as he rises up on his toes, not quite on pointe but steady on the balls of his feet and lifts his leg up and out into an arabesque. He should be embarrassed, doing naked ballet moves in the privacy of his loo but love makes people do incredibly stupid things and Sherlock is happy to oblige the stupidity for now. He stretches his arms out, one in front, one behind and watches his form, the steadiness of his movements, the precision of his body. John has made him better. John has made his body better.
And so here he sits, gathering relative data on how to not only keep John Watson interested and content but so much more than that. Sherlock has got to keep John Watson
"Yes," John whispers, already rising from his chair and Sherlock's insides flip.
," he gasps again before he finally realizes John has pulled off and the flurry of sensitivity in his belly has eased itself away from the edge.
"We plan to," his brother bites back with a smirk.
and you need to take care of yourself. And if you won't do, I bloody well will so lay back right this instant and don't move until I return with your ice pack!"
Three weeks and Sherlock is still coaxing Dolly, still petting her sides, still trying to prove himself.
And with that parting shot, Sherlock yanks open the door and bolts without a look back, leaving John too stunned to follow.
He inwardly cringes, his body going rigid with the reminder, stomach squirming unpleasantly. This may be the worst thing to ever happen to him. Attending university had been a bad plan to begin with. The intelligent side of his brain told him it was necessary. The other side, the side ruled by emotions that Sherlock had thus far in life been successful at ignoring, had warned him it wouldn't go well. Warned him he would regret it. Warned him that all people were the same dull, boring, obnoxious specimens that he so loathed to interact with. Secondary school had been a nightmare. Why would uni be any different?
Irene clearly wasn't aware that her selling points for this group date to formal were making Sherlock's stomach churn with anxiety.
Sherlock doesn't ask anymore questions.
"I should probably sneak out, huh?" John whispers, making no effort to move from where they lay curled together.
you?"
Shooting him a withering glance, Sherlock narrows his eyes. "Surely the fact that I've been snogging the hell out of you for the past few weeks was clear evidence of that fact?"
Although, John is so cozy beside him. He's warm and soft and Sherlock leans a bit more into him, getting just a bit closer. This may be the last time he gets to be this close to John, considering he's recently taken a vow to never
Sherlock kissed the top of his head, his heart lurching to one side. "You're more then welcome," he murmured. He closed his eyes and breathed in the smell of his John, never wanting to let go of him. Never wanting him to feel anything other than happy. Wanting to love every inch of him forever. Wanting him to know he was loved. Because he was so very loved. "John, I-"
John is just reaching forward to lay a kiss on his lips when Sherlock's eyes suddenly fly open.
They're okay.
"Stop!" Sherlock cried as John fought against his grip. "John, please stop!"
And out of Sherlock's life forever.
"He didn't," Sherlock hurries to reassure him. "I swear to you John, he didn't touch me. I didn't… I didn't let him get that far."
John.
"Anderson…" John started, trying to remember what he said. "He…he said…"
A long, thin, pale frame lays on the bottom bunk just across the room from the window. Torso completely bare, silky maroon boxer shorts standing out against almost translucent skin, Sherlock Holmes is sprawled out on his bed like a delicious feast for John to run his gaze and hands and tongue all over. Sherlock's hands are above his head, threaded in his hair, eyes closed, lips parted. He trails his fingers down his cheeks, sliding capable digits down his long neck, mouth twitching open further as he touches his own pulse. He glides his hands lower, over his chest and down, running his index fingers lightly against his nipples. John's mouth begins to water as he watches the sensual movement of Sherlock's hands exploring his own body, mouth parting in a gasp when he touches a sensitive area.
"He's a brilliant bloke," Mike had told him during one of their many classes after John had already stupidly moved in to the Baker Street flat, convincing himself it was because the flat was perfect and the location ideal, not because of the sexy man that already occupied one of the bedrooms. "Don't let the theatrics fool you."
for-"
himself and just simply no. No, that will simply
they'd have to leave each other eventually, if not now than later.
Throwing open the heavy wooded door to their small dorm room, John's panic doubled when there was no resistance. The door swung wide open, revealing the worst possible thing John could have ever imagined.
"I do," John murmurs, latching his mouth to Sherlock's neck. "I do so much."
"Not what I said," Sherlock shakes his head but John keeps going, pressing at Sherlock's skull until his forehead rests against John's.
But that hadn't been the case, now had it? That hadn't been the case
date and I just feel like…I dunno, like I want that I guess."
"Sherlock," John breathes the most beautifully broken breath and suddenly all of Sherlock's apprehension and confusion and uncertainty fade to nothing.
And five hours can't go by quick enough.
Sherlock turned back to the stove as he said, "I'd like to talk to you. Couldn't very well have you running off before that, now could I?"
The crack of tight knuckles smacking against soft tissue and bone is so startling, Sherlock barely realizes John has stepped forward, still clutching Sherlock's hand in his right while taking a healthy swing at Seb's currently twisted face with his left, knocking the boy off balance and sending him tumbling into his back-up, the blokes remaining on their feet barely managing to catch his fall. Blood pours from his nose in dark red streaks, covering his nasty mouth and the hand that tries to cover it. "What the hell, mate-"
It had been two days.
have Sherlock. John has lots of people. An entire team, a whole social group, loads of admirers. He's got the entire school practically wrapped around his finger, every person itching to get a piece of John Watson. If the party had been any indication, it was very obvious that John is a hot commodity. Sherlock has been lucky enough to hold John's attention simply because they live in the same room.
It seems unlikely but the proof is in these messages, all short and cold and almost irritated, like John is unnecessarily interrupting Sherlock's day, like hearing from his roommate is some sort inconvenience.
And he will apologize because Sherlock is sorry and Sherlock wants to get past it so badly. It was
" John murmured nonsensically as he came, body trembling violently as he sobbed his release.
. It's driving me completely mad."
"Sherlock," Victor murmurs and Sherlock turns to find him even closer now, hand settling fully on Sherlock's shoulder, squeezing it gently before stroking over his collarbone with a reassuring thumb, clearly having no idea he's currently attempting to settle an extremely agitated genius. "You know you can always talk to me, right? About anything."
was that?!"
Even knowing it wasn't what it looked like, John had to admit it did look rather convincing.
mouth had really murmured those four words, hadn't he?
Now, however, Irene seems to be quite keen on becoming involved.
"It's not enough for me," Sherlock wants to scream but it comes out soft and scared. "It- you aren't mine, John. You don't know who you are to me. You falling in love with me was an anomaly the first time. I have no misconceptions about that. I will not set myself up for failure like that."
. He had been drooling over his
boy is almost a
The real John Watson is actually better.
"Oh really?" Sherlock whispered over his lips. "And what were you dreaming about in particular?"
. "What?" he asks innocently, batting his eyelashes.
It's beyond terrifying.
Sherlock yanks John's hair and bites into the covers as he's suddenly spilling onto the sheets, screams muffled by the cloth, John stripping his cock hard, milking his orgasm from him.
Completely bare and vulnerable and out for Sherlock's eyes to peruse completely for the very first time, Sherlock is about to remove every single one of John's pieces of clothing, naked as the day he was born, nude in front of his partner for the very first time and this.
John's eyes widened. "Sherlock-"
the cookie-cutters no doubt lining the kitchen island, ready to be put to use as his mother finishes kneading the dough, prepping it to be shaped into pine trees and snowmen and ornaments. He's practically giddy with anticipation as he peers down the hallway, catching just a small glimpse of the kitchen at the end of it.
Sherlock is blushing madly and John grins. "Meet me out in the meadow tomorrow afternoon. Bring Balthazar. We have work to do."
"It's okay," Sherlock murmurs confidently because this is actually something he did know about. He'd done research. That's what one does when one has a boyfriend. Or should do anyway. "I've got the condoms and the lubricant, and I know how much preparation I need."
"Alright, my darlings," Mrs. Holmes claps her hands together, all traces of irritated-while-attempting-to-keep-the-peace mother looks disappearing without a trace, "why don't you all go settle in. I trust my boys will get you both shown around the house, but be back in time for dinner. We're having soup which I know is terribly unexciting but tomorrow night we'll have our Christmas Eve family celebration before the extended family shows up on Christmas Day so please don't worry, there will be lots of delicious food to be had by all."
"I'm not lying," Sherlock replies airily, already sick to death of having to repeat this conversation for the thousandth time. Sebastian Wilkes has no imagination on the best of days, and it's unbelievably exhausting.
He thought he'd be tossing those shots right back up only moments ago-
Brown eyes caught his first, narrowed and knowing, an evil smirk sitting just below that.
Two males.
?" Sherlock demands in a harsh whisper, unwinding himself entirely and pouting as best he can beneath John's shaking frame.
He turned to catch Sherlock's smug grin. "Talking again?"
The grin John throws at him could light up the cloudy sky of London any day of the week. "Good, that's settled. It's Friday night at seven. Don't be late."
Shaking his head, Sherlock retains the air of someone unconcerned. "I just don't have an interest in those topics."
go waltzing into the lion's den right now. Not when John has no plan in place. Not when John isn't prepared. Not when John is utterly
John furrowed his brow. What would he regret? "But I wanted to see you. I like looking at you." He just wanted to tell Sherlock the truth. How could he regret the truth? It was the right thing to do. Always tell the truth.
"Well I –
He vaguely wonders of the rain will stop by the time he arrives before Sherlock's eyes are drooping shut, the rest of the journey lost to sleep.
"I didn't know it was your favorite," John stares up at him with big, blue teasing eyes, lips twitching with the effort not to grin around his fake apology. "I promise, scouts honor, I won't touch your snow bear next year, he is all yours-"
That may be true. Sherlock doesn't wear fancy brands or expensive accessories, though John has a sneaky feeling he'd like to. It's more about how Sherlock bloody
He's a safe friend. A worry-free friend. No attraction, no obsession, no fuss. A low maintenience friendship. A friendship, period.
That would be entirely unsafe.
you. He wants to
responsibility not to let John kiss him, not to let John's emotional state push them into something they had no business doing. It was
Sherlock smirked, feeling rather accomplished for getting Mycroft's voice to that high, panicked range he'd never admit he had. "Oh do relax, brother mine, I think-"
John had furrowed his brow. "Where?"
He's only just getting to work on Sherlock's flies when the genius is suddenly pushing his hands away and pressing up against his front, bare skin to bare skin, and pressing a firm palm to the heavy bulge in John's pants, forcing a startled moan out of his mouth without any thought.
body should be the one Sherlock's is rolling against.
And then Sherlock waits some more.
"Oh fine," Sherlock tries to feign annoyance with a sigh like he's agreeing to do something he doesn't want to but John can hear the ready agreement in his words.
, John."
"You said we had to sleep," Sherlock grumbles without any menace, not making any further attempts to leave the bed.
This is the best idea we've ever had.
, absolutely
John smiles in the darkness. "Alright, then. Night, love."
"Wait, wait," John shook his head. He really was tired and he was starting to think he couldn't do much tonight in way of seducing his Sherlock, anyway. He could wait. "Don't say no again, okay? Just...just give me a kiss and I will go to bed, I swear."
"And I don't
"You don't even know my name."
John watched this, his heart filling with so much love for this man it ached. "Believe me," he whispered. "Please believe me when I say I love you."
Link jumped off his barstool and grabbed John's hands pulling him off his chair and taking him in a clumsy waltz position. John giggled. "See?" Link called over his shoulder to Mike as he twirled them around, stumbling every other step. "We need to show these impressive skills off immediately."
Which was suddenly unacceptable.
And then-
He can see Anderson's bright red face. He can see his mouth moving furiously and spit flying and arms waving. But if someone paid Sherlock a million dollars to repeat what Anderson had just said, he would have failed miserably.
Sherlock blinks hazily, something beating deep inside him.
"And you don't make a move because..."
Molly didn't do anything wrong.
"Hey!" John called, jumping off the bed and scurrying to his dresser to find a pair of pajama bottoms so at least he could keep some of his dignity, having never had a lover run out on him like this. He hurried out into the main room to find Sherlock just finishing buttoning up his shirt. "What are you doing?"
Sherlock pressed his lips together. Christ, how much more endearing could someone get? He didn't want to smile. He couldn't smile.
He'd had no illusions about what this is, not once, but still. Still, he hadn't realized how extremely ill-equipped he is for what comes next.
"Christ I could do this with you forever," John continues to talk, eyes widening down at his lover when Sherlock's mouth drops open further with every renewed thrust, "Does that feel good? Do you like that?"
But if John Watson
Sherlock's head snaps up. "What?"
Greg snorts a laugh beside him.
Mike had an odd look on his face that John couldn't quite decipher. His mouth was hanging open slightly and his eyes seemed to be glossed over. His brow was knitted together and he was staring. Staring at John.
Still with a hand on Bill's arm, Sherlock turned to meet a rather ugly looking man standing in the doorway, eyeing Sherlock and John.
"John," Sherlock murmured but John threw up a hand, still seething in Harry's direction.
Throwing his head back and giving a hardy laugh at how truly preposterous that possibility is, John can feel the remaining tension in his shoulders ebb away. He's glad to have something to focus on besides his bizarre living situation. "Yeah, right," John laughs. "I'm sure that's exactly what happened."
Which of course Sherlock hasn't seen.
But John is an enigma. An anomaly of all rugby players across London. No, John is unique. There is no way that John's team is full of lovely people like him.
Sherlock nodded, looking off behind the man, obviously aware he would cave eventually.
"Yeah, you'd better," Irene agrees, eyes sparkling knowingly. "Wouldn't want to miss your boy's epic victory, now would you?"
"Why is he here-"
"But the room
," Sherlock moaned, writhing and rolling his hips into John's hand.
"Alright, anything else we need to go over?" Sherlock glanced up. "John, you'll cover the rugby and football games this weekend?"
"John," Sherlock warns. "Don't do this. I know you. I know why you're doing this. I'll be fine, alright? And... and who knows, maybe you can even still work on cases with me."
," he cries, white-knuckling the curve of the backseat. "Fuck, baby."
"Yeah," is all John can manage to respond, the truth of Greg's words ringing truer and more accurate than he cares to admit. He ignores the slight pull his heart gives like it always does at the thought of a lonely Sherlock Holmes. He silently swears to himself all over again that he'll never let Sherlock be alone again.
He tugs on those long fingers and Sherlock comes to him willingly, crowding into John until they're practically sealed together, pressed knee to chest, foreheads pushing together as the moving bodies around them practically fade away, the world seeming to narrow down to just the two of them. Pink lips part at eye level and John smirks before reaching up to kiss away the surprise, rolling his hips to meet the subtle bulge at the front of Sherlock's jeans, curling fingers into belt loops and pulling his lover as close as possible. He feels more than hears the hitch in Sherlock's breath, chest stuttering against John's, an aborted breath ghosting across John's lips before long arms are wrapping around his shoulders and a dangerous grin is tipping the genius boy's lips, slender frame beginning to move slowly to the bass line, hips turning this way and that.
"John," he calls back with a nod to his roommate as the blond, filthy boy beams, rugby bag slung over what used to be a white t-shirt, the red practice jersey discarded and shoved haphazardly into his bag, the corners still peeking out from just inside the zipper. "I was just on my way home."
Biting hard on the inside of his cheek, Sherlock swallows, wondering which would be the best way to sneak out of this ceremony and out the back door without being seen by the boys lined up behind him. His eyes dart across the banquet hall, marking each exit in his memory and making a note of what lies behind each door, cement or gravel or carpet, all of which will be painful when shoved into it if the blokes follow, although if he can duck in time he can-
When he still loved the sport.
John bit back a growl. "Jesus, I wasn't just some easy shag. Can you not call it that?"
"Oh I – y-yes, alright," Sherlock mumbles, hurrying out of the room and to the loo himself before he spins right back around and disappears back into his bed with his lover forever.
Sherlock is, as simply put as humanly possible, a gorgeous mess.
He hears John shifting against the cushions, trying to find a comfortable way to set his leg.
Sherlock whips his head around to stare. "What?"
"You keep saying that," Sherlock murmured, although he sounded less afraid.
John trails his lips up Sherlock's neck to his ear, darting his tongue inside. Sherlock keens, gripping his hands at John's naked shoulders. "You're so responsive," John breathes against the shell of his ear, chuckling as a shudder runs through Sherlock's body.
as John strokes him to orgasm, well, John's kind enough not to mention it.
"Am not," John slurs, giving Sherlock's foot a squeeze before releasing his grip, huffing out soft chuckles of his own.
John bit into his flannel as another bout of tears filled his eyes, concealed only by the shower water streaming down his face.
He promptly forgets all about Chemistry and stares down at the pencil-written paragraph – no, wait –
? Tonight?
Greg Lestrade jogs toward him, grin plastered wide across his face, sporting similar attire to John's practice clothes, matching bag wrapped around his torso. John has never been happier to see the captain of his new team. The one who essentially recruited him onto the team, having scouted out his secondary school and approached John himself. The one who had taken John under his wing during summer practices and made him feel welcome. The one who is all but grooming John to become his co-captain. The one who basically got John his current position on the team.
"John," Sherlock groaned as John crowded him against a wall. "John, I need to say something,"
Sending him another scathing look, because he is
Sherlock's eyes flew open. He did his best to turn sharply to John. "You didn't mean it? You… don't want me?"
They lay quietly for a long while, listening to each other breathe in the silent of the night. Sherlock can practically hear the war going on inside of John's head and his hand twitches with the need to reach out and touch him. Comfort him. Remind him that he's not alone. Remind him that somebody loves him, even when it feels like his own family doesn't.
They're on their fourth evening of this, John sprawled across his bed on his stomach, chin leaning against his palms, rapidly cooling plate of half-eaten chicken curry lying just in front of him as he listens to his unbelievably captivating roommate.
"Yes!" Sherlock cries. "I can't ride her and no one else should!" He should be embarrassed by how petulant he sounds but he's so bloody furious he can't be arsed to care. "She's mine!"
And before he's conscious of it, Sherlock is sliding both his hands up into John's damp fringe, cradling his skull so carefully and pulling him in, lips meeting only for a moment before tongues take over, dipping and rolling into each other's mouths, deep and thorough and slow like it's the first time all over again, clinging on for dear life to one another as water pours over them both. John steps in closer, slotting a knee between Sherlock's thighs and oh
"What were you doing all day?" John tries not to demand, the feeling of Sherlock's breath against his neck soothing and tantalizing all at once, enough to take the bite right out of his words, forcing them out breathlessly just shy of a moan.
"Upstairs," John directs and they fumble their way through the dark, stealing heated kisses and gropes along the way, barely managing to make it to Sherlock's room before finally
Sherlock begins to feel whole again.
of Sherlock?
"You okay?"
The reply he receives is a tiny snore.
And if Sherlock murmurs
Fascination.
The uncertainty in compliments.
John is on him before he can completely cover his gorgeous body, ripping the sheets from his grasp. "No way," John growls. "Let me finish you."
"Is that-?"
John has barely sat down at their Chemistry worktop when Sherlock urgently turns to him. "I texted him," he blurts.
The boy with no friends.
The stuttered breath John released gave him away as to how much this was turning him on. "Sherlock," he tried again, clearing his throat. "We are in your
staying at the Holmes
The men clapped and cheered again, then settled back, seemingly staying for a while, although the atmosphere was thick with sex. Looks were turning predatory and grips were tightening on dates. John wasn't surprised, seeing as what they just watched on stage was so sexual, it should have been illegal. And Sherlock hadn't even gotten totally naked. The whole thing should have been absurd but John's lust drunk brain and hardening cock didn't seem to care, and neither did the rest of the men in the club. The single ones at the bar were throwing glances in John's direction, clearly just as keyed up as he was but he barely noticed.
The first knuckle pushes passed the puckered ring of Sherlock's entrance and his hand flies to John's bicep, steadying himself as he pushes into the touch. "Oh my god," he mutters, grey eyes locked on John's wrist before they snap to John's blue eyes watching him closely. He melts like butter under the gaze, eyelids fluttering at how
It's stupid and sentimental and he knows better.
He offered a small smile as his shirt was deposited on the floor, his now exposed nipples pebbling to hardness in the cold air. He reached for Sherlock's hands, bringing them back to his torso. He needed Sherlock's hands on him. He needed the touch of this perfect man. He needed to know they were okay.
"What about you," Sherlock breathes a rebuttal, willing his body to calm itself down before he embarrasses himself and ruins the entire evening, though the gentle mixed scent of John's light cologne and clean John-musk is doing nothing to help the matter. "You and your sodding jumpers and jeans and… a-and…
And John, perfect,
Lust is one thing.
This time, Sherlock is clinging just as harshly to John as John is to him and everything goes blessedly silent as his entire world narrows down to John and John's strong body and John's warm mouth and John's hands in his shirt.
Truth of the matter is, Sherlock has never had any interest in matters of the heart. No one's ever shown interest in him so why would he assume anyone had any?
He's barely spoken to Sherlock, with the exception of greetings in the morning and small talk about food and the occasional nod.
Glancing up, John's eyelids drop slightly as he takes in Sherlock's question. Sherlock had done his best to smooth his features into feigned indifference but the look on John's face is telling him he's failed miserably. He flicks his gaze toward the door, the one that leads out in the direction of the car park. John reads his eyes
Nothing to worry about.
John pulls back, famous smirk already plastered to his face.
John frowned. "Why would he understand?"
Sherlock has to look away, the intensity too much for his fragile heart to manage, his stomach flipping under the attention of this beautiful boy telling him he's perfect.
And how on earth is he going to get there in the state he's in?
Sherlock's eyes widen. "I...I just wanted to make sure you were-"
It hadn't quite slammed into him but it was a close thing, working itself out of the depths of his subconscious for hours on end and forcing its way into the forefront of his mind, blinking and buzzing and snapping and demanding to be recognized and after that lovely little realization, Sherlock had boarded the train this morning without a second thought, sat himself down in a seat close to an exit and willed this beastly machine to get moving so Sherlock Holmes could get to his other half. His matching puzzle piece. His
John sucked in a breath, the gentle touch shocking him slightly. Sherlock trailed another kiss next to it and then another along the outline of the bone, until he reached the center line of John's stomach muscles. He opened his mouth and pressed his tongue flat against the line, dragging a lingering lick up John's chest, in between his pectorals.
mean what John Watson so
"I love you, John Watson," Sherlock murmured, running the flannel over John's scar where the bullet had gone through, down over his heart and back again. "I will love you until the day I die."
Sherlock begins to nod, then freezes suddenly. "I… I don't mind."
He never thought he'd have this issue.
"Do you maybe want to… to come over here-"
Deviant.
John pulls back slightly and trails his lips down to Sherlock's nipple, pinching it between his teeth.
"Jesus, you're a tough one, aren't you? The cute ones are always the toughest."
A small shake of his curls is Sherlock's only answer, eyes trained on another bee landing onto another flower.
"Works fine," Molly said happily, like this was great news.
They move together slowly, rolling against one another's firm body, gripping and growling and groaning as John slides in and out of Sherlock smoothly, a hand wrapping firmly around Sherlock's thigh and hitching him higher.
"That's it, that's perfect, love," John encourages, matching Sherlock's speed thrust for thrust, head tipped back to watch his lover practically bounce on his cock. "God you are gorgeous like this, there you go."
John felt a little uneasy, worried his friend was about to have a meltdown. "Okay…what did you learn?"
, he silently begs, keeping his eyes down and away and definitively
"Well I've never done any of this, how was I supposed to know those were signs?"
It's as annoying as it is stupid but Sherlock continues to scroll, hoping some random brilliance will jump right out from his computer and hand him the key to unlocking the secret of how to be the perfect boyfriend to John Watson, yet these articles seem less interested in that and more interested in dim-witted drivel for idiots who clearly have no business being in a relationship if they need this type of advice.
There are an awful lot of people here, though. Too many. Or maybe it just feels that way because Sherlock doesn't know a single one of them. It's a bit stifling winding his way through bodies, keeping his eyes trained on the blond head he's following, the urge to reach out and grab John's hand so as not to lose track of him so strong he clenches his fists into his pockets. He's overwhelmed with all these unknown people and all this unknown social etiquette and all the unknowns period. This is exactly why he doesn't ever put himself in situations like this. It's uncomfortable and stressful and bloody
Sherlock nods hastily, moaning softly.
they like him.
"Someone who is about to leave," Sherlock said urgently. "I'm busy right now, Lestrade. I'll call you-"
His mum looked up. "For what, dear?"
see any of you lot again," John seethes with quiet viciousness, "I can promise things will not end quite as nicely as they have today. I won't give you specifics but I will tell you that Sherlock's well being is my number one priority and I have no issue with being kicked off my new team for violent behavior. Or jail time. If you so much as
John shook his head. "Yeah, it's just my stupid mobile isn't working." He attempted to ignore the little stab of panic in the back of his neck. Why would he panic over a broken phone? There was nothing to panic about.
He can feel John beaming at him and just when he thinks the warmth of the look can't feel any hotter John's hand bumps against his in an accidental brush.
A small, choked sob leaves John's lips as he stares up at his husband, a fresh wave of tears filling his eyes. "I can't believe I didn't… Fuck- I don't know how I'll ever be able to make this up to you. I'll never leave you again, love, not ever. Not ever. Do you hear me? Not ever."
A tentative hand slides into his hair, not grabbing or even resting its weight. Simply laying against his head, threading fingers into his short fringe. John can feel the movement of Sherlock shaking his head, breathing shallowly.
"Yup," John replies, popping the 'p' and scrubbing a hand down his face. "Said he wanted to know what my intentions were."
It's very quiet during this time of night on the campgrounds. Most of the campers go to the bonfire during free time, some sneaking off into the dark to mess around, something John is quite familiar with. Not many campers stay in their bunks.
He should have been paying attention.
"Oh stop it with the calm, unaffected act, Sherlock, you're practically glowing," John giggled.
It's one of his cleverer plans he must admit, surprising his boyfriend in such a dramatic fashion after so much time apart but it's less about the dramatics and more about the fact that he simply cannot
For the first time since he's been home, John is
Greg frowns. "What does that mean?"
It was a wonderful summer.
But Sherlock... well, Sherlock doesn't seem to know how to react.
"And where the fuck have you been all day?" John barks, ignoring Sherlock's teasing because he's still fucking furious from all the crap that's gone on today, from not seeing or hearing from Sherlock until minutes before practice, to finding out the boy he has a rapidly strengthening crush on not only didn't have any parents but also had a horrible high school experience, to that goddamn conversation he'd had with said boy's older brother, John can't seem to get his head on straight, the fury of all this new knowledge twisting him up in knots.
"Right, then," John grins at the back of that curly head, feeling happier than he has all night. "Well, if you change your mind…" Struck with brilliance, John grabs a scratch piece of paper and scribbles his number down. "Text me, okay? If you change your mind."
He was back to being angry. Not quite in the rage he was in before, but a good healthy fury he could function and think in. An anger that lead him to this:
Knowing better then to trust those all too calm sounds, John shifted his weight, positioning his angle just so, searching for-
It's too much.
"Oh really? So that little show with Moran wasn't out of the ordinary?"
"Fuck off," John laughs, giving Greg a shove.
Just doing.
Like a team. Like the partners they were.
He rolls over and wills the world to end before he has to see John Watson take Mary Morstan to formal.
Relief is immediate and John's shoulders sag minutely. "Oh. That- that's okay. No worries, alright?"
Does Sherlock know?
to be here. He wants to see John running up and down that field in front of him, playing the sport Sherlock knows he loves more than anything. He wants to see John smile that ridiculous smile of his when their team does something good. He wants to watch John's blond fringe glisten with sweat in the sunlight, watch his eyes light up with intensity and adrenaline. Sherlock has seen John practice rugby several times, though he should be ashamed to admit that fact. But for some reason, this feels different. This game-
Fingers wrap around his wrists and suddenly Sherlock's hands are pushed up over his head against the wall, the pressure in his wrists increasing as he struggles instinctually against the restraint.
"I'm fine, thank you," Sherlock said, trying to be snarky but failing miserably.
Startling out of his intense focus on homework, John snapped his head up to find his flatmate glaring daggers into him, panting angrily. Greg slapped the folded newspaper he held in his hand down onto the table, crossing his arms with an irritated eyebrow raise.
"Yes it is!" Greg calls as Sherlock pulls him to the floor. "For now anyway!"
"At ease, Cadet," Major Holmes said offhandedly. John fell into parade rest immediately, silently thanking him for the small kindness. Some officers liked to keep them at attention for as long as possible. Especially when they were in trouble.
So why-
Sherlock collapses against the bed, and John follows him down, cock still tucked inside him, both of them breathing heavily.
"What?!" Greg cries, suddenly appearing at Sherlock's shoulder, the rest of the rugby team drifting up behind him, conversations dying down at the sound of their captain hollering. "Jesus Christ Paul, are you serious right now?"
, John.
He makes his way through the parting crowd, the rest of the guests seeming unsure how to react, stumbling over their words of praise and awe as they lay eyes on the new face of their beloved rugby team.
John wanted to say all of that. He wanted to make promises and desperate pleas and declarations, swear on everything he owned that he would never, ever hurt him.
"Honey?" His mother calls him back and Sherlock turns to her. She worries at her bottom lip and says, "You're being careful, yes?"
The blond-haired boy is smirking, brows raised in an incredulous tease. "Oh, are those subjects
"And what is it like?" Molly demands furiously. "Because I swear if you-"
boy. The boy he'd missed
Lowered eyelids, parting lips, long, tender gazes over John's mouth, John's fit body, John's groin. God, it was intoxicating being stared at like that. By someone like Sherlock Holmes, who was already quite severe and serious in his features, his gaze already piercing and ever-knowing on an everyday basis as it was. But a sultry, interested Sherlock Holmes was... something else entirely. It made things in John's body feel uncomfortably hot, made him think unfathomable thoughts, made his mouth fill with saliva. Made him
"You and your theories," John groaned. "We're getting on so well, Sherlock, don't spoil it by making me talk about something so utterly humiliating."
He tries to nod in appreciation but Greg, for his part, is having none of it.
he wants him so badly, already practically fucking him on the dance floor for the whole world to see, Jesus he does not care, senses blinded with pure need running bone deep, craving the unspoken things promised in the language of their movements. Flashes of that night in the hotel burst free in his mind's eye and he presses his mouth to the hot skin below Sherlock's ear to stifle his moan, the image of the genius boy between his thighs sucking him off something John will never ever forget, all wet heat and long strokes, dark blue eyes staring up at him like they worshipped him, damp skin melting against his own. Fucking
Sherlock turned sharply to John. "Sorry?"
Holmes nodded back. "So you've been here a month. How do you like it so far?"
John furrowed his brow and looked back to those intense gray eyes. "Why would he want to rattle me?"
It physically aches to stay where he is and do nothing but the smarter side of his brain knows Sherlock is just in the next room, safe with Mike, enjoying his night and having no idea that there is some sick fuck out in the world with their sights set on him.
He'd thought the next hour would pass rather slowly, the anticipation of the night slowing time infinitely as he waited to take his boyfriend on their very first date. He'd thought he'd be checking the clock on his phone every couple minutes and groaning in annoyance when it wasn't magically 7pm. He'd thought he'd be going out of his mind attempting to be patient and failing miserably.
Even as he pulled open the door, he knew he was making a mistake.
Pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes, John sighs heavily as the weight of reality settles onto his shoulders. "How does he not see it?" he mumbles, shaking his head before looking up at his Captain. "Sherlock is the smartest person I have ever met. And yet, he doesn't
"I know," Sherlock murmurs back, sharp tears stinging the corners of his eyes even as the calm of knowing and accepting the truth settles over him. It hurts- Christ, it's
"John," Sherlock whispers and descends upon the rugby player, arms bending to plant elbows on John's pillow for closer access, lips locking over and over again, both of them gasping like they hadn't kissed in months when it's been mere hours, John's hands finding their way into curls and down Sherlock's back, stroking down his flanks and back up, desperate to touch every inch of the beautiful body against him.
His eyes stayed dry, but his body shook uncontrollably as he finally quit suppressing all of his emotions and allowed them to take him over entirely, overwhelming him. It was by far the most painful thing he'd ever experienced in his life.
John frowned. "We only have two bedrooms?"
Sherlock raised a finger to his lips. "Help me get him inside and I'll explain," he murmured.
Morning drills should help with the headache. John always counted on the sweating to kick his hangover.
? "Stop
"I'm not saying yes," John tried to defy but his feet were carrying him to the room before he made a conscious decision to do so.
"Woah," he breathes, hands coming out just in time to steady himself on John's shoulders, curling around the shorter boy's frame slightly. "Sorry," he mumbles with a giggle, but he doesn't remove his hands, not yet, not when he can feel John's strong muscles shifting beneath his hands.
No more kisses.
that's what you were doing!"
Then promptly panics at the realness of the question he's about to pose before chickening out and whispering stupidly, "Are you awake?"
friends.
"Good," John tried to say with as much dignity as he could muster. "Because I'm not leaving." He scrambled to his feet and considered making a run for it toward the stairs, having no idea if Sherlock was even here or up those steps.
"He's not," Sherlock barks viciously because he hates this. He hates even the hint of possibly more with John. More than just soft smiles and late night takeaway and pleased little giggles. He hates to think there could be more. There couldn't. There is barely
John stood, still trying to catch up with what just happened. Not but ten minutes prior, John had been on his way here, ready to jump Sherlock, and now he was being ditched? How did the night he'd been anticipating for a week go to hell in a hand basket so quickly? John felt the rage rising again, his body almost shaking.
"Are you teasing me?"
"You've met him," Mycroft replies coolly. "How many friends do you imagine he has?"
This man was utterly beautiful and had been hurt and it took everything John had to leave now wanting so badly to take care of him, but he knew better then to stay. Sherlock wouldn't take kindly to waking up to John in his flat.
Sherlock is gasping for air, grinding his pelvis back against John's, the friction making his body thrum. He drops his head forward, shaking, and John captures his lips.
"O-oh Sh-Sherlock," John moaned, palms planted flatly against Sherlock's chest, knees thrown over either side of the detective's hips and spread wide, rock hard cock pressed gloriously against Sherlock's latex covered length, dripping small white dollops of precome all over his naval. Tucking one hand underneath his own head against the pillow and clenching his other around his boyfriend's soft hip, Sherlock assisted John in dragging his hips forward and backward, rubbing their erections together perfectly, moaning as John gasped above him. Leaning up to watch, the brunette boy was mesmerized by the glistening head of John's cock stacked atop Sherlock's, the underside of each sliding along each other and creating a delicious friction that had Sherlock's body thrumming pleasantly while it was clearly driving the blond boy straight to the edge of orgasm. "Oh…m-my-
"You don't have a boyfriend," Sherlock grumbles from beneath his bed, voice giving away no notion that the comment affected him in any way.
"Did he touch you?"
This is bullshit.
"Oh, right," Harry bobbed her head as though in understanding. "They didn't hate
There is too much at stake.
"Besides, you put a lot of effort into tonight," John carries on, still doting on Sherlock's mouth with soft kisses and gentle touches.
On Friday, Sherlock finds a note in his locker.
Sherlock has never
Throwing him a dubious look, John steps forward, laying a hand on Sherlock's cheek. "Even if you could say that more convincingly," John teases, running a thumb over Sherlock's cheek, "I'm not entirely sure if
The person could just be color-blind.
Sherlock Holmes
But yeah, it's pretty good.
"Well, now that that's out of the way," Greg breaks the beat of silence immediately, "I hate to break this to you but Myc and I have got plans already so we're going to skip the bite. Sorry, mate."
"Alright, Jesus," Sherlock mutters, slashing a hand through the air to cut her off as the heat rises in his face.
"He's
"You know, for a virgin," John croones into Sherlock's ear as the boy gasps, "you are quite the little sex kitten."
"Buddy system!" Mike agrees, hooking an arm in Sherlock's. "Can't have my teammate go missing as a club. I need you next weekend, mate!"
John lets the smirk take over. "No. I have some self-control."
Sherlock nods, taking one more deep breath, grateful to find his thoughts aligning themselves as he surveys the emptying field. "What's going on now?" he manages after a long moment, thoughts clearing enough to realize the scene before him and Mike being up here can't be right.
"I said," John raged, "fuck off."
"Hell fucking yes we are!" he all but shouts in Sherlock's ear. "Game on, boys!"
honest with himself and not in a fit of self-hatred for all the things he
It hadn't even been a slow burn for John. It hadn't been this uncertain, foreign feeling, questioning why Sherlock was so important to him and why their connection was so strong. No, it had been immediate. John hadn't fallen. He'd belly flopped. Face-planted into his feelings, allowed his young, naive, stupid heart to be swept away by Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock's mouth stayed open as he slowly fell unconscious.
A taxi pulled up in front of them and Sherlock placed his hand on the small of John's back and gently pushed him toward it. "In you go," Sherlock murmured behind him.
to go out and see what was out there and have some fun and who knows maybe meet someone? He humiliatingly admitted to himself that he'd never even kissed someone. Maybe tonight could be that night for him?
fault they both feel like shit today, not Sherlock's.
"They don't even know me," Sherlock murmurs. "How could they-"
"You aren't my mother."
Lusting after someone? Certainly.
Sherlock wants to stop competing. His heart isn't in it any longer. He would rather spend his days tending to his beautiful animals and riding in the sun.
boy, he needs it like he needs air and he can't stop himself until he feels the blunt head of John's cock breaching his entrance.
The infuriating thing is that he actually believes Mycroft. He believes it was probably just a coincidence seeing as Mycroft loves to shove his beautifully laid plans right in Sherlock's face. He hardly ever denies anything. But Sherlock can't stop his fury now. "You concocted this situation, had Lestrade's little
is that Sherlock is happy to oblige John's current fascination seeing as he's just as fascinated - borderline obsessed - with John Watson.
Some help this is.
"Okay, so these... what are they called? Deductions? Yeah, okay, deductions. Are they just natural?" Mike was asking now.
"You look so good," John growls low in his throat. "So fucking good. You're perfect arse, Jesus I could write poems about it."
We're having a constant lovefest on my
No one knowing that John Watson has since kissed Sherlock Holmes so many times the genius boy has lost count, unable to figure out how exactly to keep track when John's kisses sometimes land on his cheek or his neck or,
"Tea would be fantastic," John says, and Sherlock watches in horror as John settles onto the couch.
"And I was on the other side of the street, limping along like some cripple," John muttered, mouth and eyes dropping into a pained, self-loathing grimace. "I couldn't even...I wouldn't have been able to run after you. Chase you down, tell you I'm home. I wanted... I wanted to be healed before I saw you again. I didn't want you to have to take care of me. Come to my rescue like you always did when we were boys."
And Sherlock always does as he's told.
Mycroft waits a silent beat then says, "Go to him," as he stands.
Glancing around, Sherlock shrugs. They're out of earshot. "Why not?"
Alrighty so first off: I AM SO SORRY THAT THIS CHAPTER TOOK A LIFETIME TO POST! Things in real life have been a little hectic and crazy but I am hoping to get back to posting every few weeks again! I appreciate your patience with the wait and I am sorry again!
"More like your bodyguard," John laughed.
"Well, you said sibling so I couldn't be sure," John smirks with a wink.
Sherlock's blood went cold.
Sherlock had barely managed to choke down his pasta.
Sherlock can tell how thrilled he is.
John grins.
Mycroft takes his hand with a raised eyebrow. "Quite," he replies.
The small grin John throws in Sherlock's direction as he passes through the main room makes Sherlock's heart stutter in his chest.
page! Come join in!
The blond boy gripping his hand raises an eyebrow questioningly.
"You know Mrs. Hudson and Greg make the decisions about the stables. If you have a problem with who takes your horses out, take it up with them." His father shoots him a disappointed glare.
That adrenaline shiver.
Willing his hand to stop shaking unhelpfully, Sherlock makes his way on unsteady legs to the front door and steels a last single inhale and exhale before he whips the door open, resolve finally settling that maybe this isn't the best idea, that maybe John will have changed his mind, that maybe they hadn't quite thought this through and maybe they should re-evaluate and maybe
"You're not a prisoner," Sherlock grumbled, a bit offended by the insinuation.
"Things one should know about when rooming with my little brother," Mycroft mutters as John slides into the backseat, Mycroft following along behind and gliding into the seat with similar grace as Sherlock, John notes, the car much roomier inside than John had originally thought it would be. He's never been in a limo before. Although besides the space, this one is rather unimpressive with just a square of backseats outlining the interior, no minibar or televisions like those he'd seen in movies. He shifts to sit along the further side of the half-square so he can look almost directly at Mycroft without straining his neck.
Sherlock loves angry John.
Sherlock nods hastily. He attempts a few broken breaths before he quits trying and just gulps air when he can.
That fact holds true then.
His buddy to the left doesn't seem to be quite as competent. "Come on now, we were just having a laugh-"
idea? What had possessed him to grab this jersey that doesn't belong to him and put it on? Who the
"I'll be right here with you," John says softly. "We'll do it together."
John twists his fingers.
"Bossy," John giggled shrugging out of his jacket, lower belly already rolling with need as his boyfriend took him over completely.
?" His mother leans in, chuckling along as John tosses his back and laughs. "He had a little stuffed bear and everything-"
with you, maybe even
"Perfect," Irene grins triumphantly. "See you in class tomorrow."
seen Sherlock vibrating. The man was bursting at the seams with excitement, doing research, babbling about the US court system, prattling on and on about drug cartels and murders, hands flying around him, gesturing wildly with every exclamation.
The last word.
It's not easy when a living, breathing reminder lives in his flat.
"Take a break and spot me?" Greg slides into the space John was just occupying and John takes his place behind the bench.
"What are
"Fine by me," Sherlock announces ignoring John's weak protests of untangling and instead turning his attention to the soft spot beneath John's ear, lips ghosting along the skin with damp little kisses.
"I'm sorry," John murmured. "You shouldn't have had to see all that. That wasn't- I don't even know what that was but I'm sorry you had to witness it." He stared down in his lap, trying to bite back the humiliation.
They walk along in silence for a moment, although he can feel Irene's giddy energy coming off of her in waves, clearly quite pleased to have found herself a closeted little gay boy to pal around with.
John tensed all over as Sherlock strode to the podium. "Thank you, Professor," Sherlock was saying as John's entire body grew cold.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Of course I heard you. You weren't quiet about it. Now answer my question."
"Half
He'd been convinced a long time ago that he would never meet anyone who would understand him the way she seemed to. She knew how to speak to him properly, comfort him, but also kept a safe distance so he could maintain his independence. She'd always allowed him to determine what their relationship was. Sometimes they didn't speak for months on end. Sometimes Sherlock found himself taking a cab out to his childhood home and staying there for a few days. His mother never sounded surprised when he called or showed up and never asked any intrusive questions or demanded any information. She was just simply always there. Rarely did they have conversations like the one tonight, but there was an unspoken rule that it was always an option if he needed it. He'd gotten his sleeping habits from her and it often comforted him to know that when he was awake while the rest of London slept, so was she. Even if he hadn't spoken to her in weeks, it didn't matter.
“Yes, Sir.”
“Oh, Sherlock… Ah…” John moans as Sherlock pins his arms down onto the bed. They grind on each other’s leaking cocks, groaning into each other’s mouths.
“You perfectly know what I meant.”
John brings his hands to Sherlock’s hair, stroking his dark curls. “You’ve been a good boy for me so far, so I’m gonna take your blindfold off, okay?”
Sherlock pushes John onto the bed. They both fall onto the fluffy sheets, not breaking the kiss. John’s head drops onto the pillow while Sherlock stays on top of him, holding himself up with his forearms. Sherlock kisses John’s neck, causing another dirty moan to escape John’s lips. John’s eyelids shut and his eyes roll back from the amazing, erotic feeling. His head sinks into the pillow as Sherlock continues to nip on his neck. The feeling of being here feels so unbelievable to John. He feels as if he was daydreaming, like he could only feel part of what’s happening in real life at the moment and the rest, everything else, they just feel
Sherlock smiles at himself victoriously and leaves the flat, leaving John cuffed, tired and frustrated in his bed, waiting till the next time…
John sprawls over Sherlock’s back, propping himself in place so that he doesn’t fall over. He holds onto Sherlock’s biceps and start grinding in and out of Sherlock. Sherlock can feel John’s warm breath on his neck. It sends goosebumps all over his skin. John kisses, licks and suckles on the nape of Sherlock’s neck, marking love bites at the area, claiming Sherlock as his.
, he muttered.
After a few more thrusts of John’s fingers, he removed them both. Sherlock winced a little. His hole suddenly feels empty now that John’s fingers that were providing him at least some sort of pleasure previously were no longer there. John crouches his head down to Sherlock’s arse. Once again with no warning, he spreads Sherlock’s round arse and sticks his tongue into his muscle ring, licking upstrokes and around the tight hole. Sherlock flinched from the sudden action on his sensitive hole. The fact that he can’t see any of this happening from the blindfold makes his sense of touch even more sensitive than usual. Every touch from John feels about ten times more sensual.
After about five minutes, John was ready to come again.
“Oh god, please.”
. Sherlock swears he could just get off just by the plain sight of John like that.
John lays on top of Sherlock, chest down. Sherlock can feel John's half hard cock pressing at the bottom of his spine. The thought of it made him even harder. His cock was leaking and pressed against the sheets. Somebody's really got to do the laundry after this and it was obviously not gonna be Sherlock. He'll make sure of it.
John moves his hands to Sherlock’s hips, pushing and pulling as he thrusts. He was so ready to come but he needs Sherlock to come first and he wants to fuck Sherlock missionary style. He always does it whenever they shag. He wants some face to face contact, a little lip to lip contact here and there too. He slows his pace and stops thrusting, eventually taking his cock out. He then gets up and retrieve for the keys to unlock the cuffs. Sherlock looks at John’s behind as he walks over to the cabinet. It was pretty distracting.
Without a warning, John slides his slick finger into Sherlock, causing an erotic moan escaping from Sherlock’s pretty mouth. John slides his finger in and out continuously, taking it out after a while and sucking on two digits. He slides his now, two wet fingers into Sherlock
John smirks. “You want more don’t you?”
“You bloody dickhead,” John insults.
Right at this moment, all Sherlock could think of is having John’s cock buried deep inside of him. He was so desperate for it to happen right now instead of this whole torturous teasing act, but Sherlock loved this too. It was new, foreign to him. Something more exciting and sexy compared to a casual vanilla fuck.
“Yes, Sir.”
Sherlock breaks the kiss, getting up from John. When John tries to get up too, that’s when he noticed that now, he was the one being restrained.
“Then beg for it. Show me how much you want this.”
John walks over to put the keys back on the cabinet. As he returns, Sherlock was already on his feet, stretching his arms and legs. John joins Sherlock and starts kissing him. Their wet warm tongues enter each other’s mouths, lapping over each other. John’s hands run all over Sherlock’s lean yet muscular body and Sherlock does the same to John’s. Sherlock moves his hands south, groping John’s behind, squeezing them and John moans a breathy moan into Sherlock’s mouth.
"Yes, Sir. I like that."
“I have no idea what that means. Since when was there a limit of things that
“Ah, it feels so fucking good,” Sherlock groans. He sticks his hips up to get more of John’s wet, warm tongue in him. John doesn’t seem to mind. In fact, he thought Sherlock looks so goddamn sexy like that. John’s talented tongue continues to swirl around and inside Sherlock. His right hand moves from Sherlock’s right arse cheek to grab hold of his hard shaft
Sherlock walks over to one of his drawers and pulls out a cordless vibrator he recently (secretly) purchased from Amazon. John’s eyes widened at the sight of it.
“Why are you surprised?” Sherlock asks while cuffing John’s ankles.
“Please, Sir. I want you inside me so fucking badly, ever since I woke up being cuffed to the bed. Sir, please,” Sherlock begs, hoping that John would give it to him.
John’s cock was so swollen and it was leaking so badly. It was obvious that it’s gonna shoot up at any moment and John needed to warn Sherlock.
, he thought to himself, and it was true. John really is a beautiful man.
“You’re uncuffing me already? So soon?” Sherlock asked teasingly.
“Oh god, yes. Yes, Sir. Please,” Sherlock begs.
“Baby, keep down or we’re gonna get complaints from our lovely neighbours,” Sherlock hushed.
"Thought that I might as well take advantage of using it while you're here, like this," John winked playfully.
John doesn't answer. He walks over to sit beside Sherlock, stroking his curls and kissing his forehead. Sherlock find it rather calming, maybe even therapeutic although his heart was beating faster with every touch.
John tries not to yelp out because Sherlock was just
John gets up from his kneeling position and walks over to the cabinet across the bed to retrieve the bottle of lube. It was half empty, more than enough for a good shag. He gets back to the bed, pumps some lube onto his palm and applies it to his length, stroking it to make sure it’s evenly spread. When he’s done, he takes hold of his cock, placing it on Sherlock’s hole. John was feeling a little playful and decided that he should make Sherlock beg for it. He grinds his cock against Sherlock’s arse crack slowly, teasing Sherlock.
“Oh, bloody fucking hell Sherlock. Ahh…” John moans and throws his head back in pleasure.
"John, what are you up to?"
Sherlock stroke himself harder and faster, needy for the orgasm too.
Sherlock thought.
“Yes… Ah… Yes, Sir. Fuck.” John thrusts harder and rougher on purpose as Sherlock was trying to answer.
“I’ll get us coffee too,” Sherlock shouts back from the living room.
“What the bloody hell, Sherlock!” John yells and all Sherlock did was give him a smug smile.
All at once, the waves of pleasure crash in on the two of them. The two men moan and swear as loud as they could. John comes all over his stomach and Sherlock practically spills everywhere, the sheets, John’s cock, John’s thighs. Sherlock fell onto the bed beside John after he’s done.
His two hands were tied, no.
, John cries out in a mixture of pain and pleasure. He pulls the cuffs, struggling to keep his composure. Sherlock continues to torture John a little more by circling the vibrator along the head of his hard and that’s got John arching his back and moaning so loud that the customers at the café downstairs were probably able to hear him.
“Yes, I want it Sir.”
“You want this, don’t you?” John kept grinding on Sherlock until Sherlock’s all worked up and needy.
"So what do I have to do to get myself out of these?" Sherlock lifts his two wrists, the metal of the cuffs clang against the bed frame.
“Oh fuck, Sherlock… Feels so… ah… fucking good, baby,” John moans erotically.
John climbed back to the gap between Sherlock's legs, hands back on Sherlock's arse. He then coats a finger with his own saliva, spreading Sherlock’s arse and laying the tip of his coated finger onto the pink hole, teasingly rubbing it in a small circular motion. Sherlock let out a small moan as his arsehole twitches from John’s touch.
, how John loved the sight of it. As he pounds into him, Sherlock’s moans get louder, not caring a fuck if Mrs. Hudson hears them from downstairs. She’s probably out anyways, maybe off to the shops to get Sherlock’s ginger snaps.
“I told you.”
“Sherlock! I demand you come back right this instant, you bloody cock!” John yells.
