“Thank you, Captain Steven! Now I may impress Lady Jane with a delicious meal, and in turn she-” Steve quickly put up his hand.
“Steve?” He felt Tony’s hand on his arm, and opened his eyes to see that they were in the same position, and Tony was smiling at him.
“Please just call me Steve,” he requested, making Tony smile softly.
“Shut up, Nat,” he rolled his eyes, but couldn’t keep the smile off of his face.
“Steve? Steve are you okay?”
“Jarvis?” Steve questioned, looking up like he always did when he spoke to the AI.
“I’m fine, Steve,” Tony snapped unintentionally him, not looking up from his project. “I’ll go to sleep when I finish this. Thanks for the coffee.” The finality of Tony’s words made Steve think that maybe he wasn’t actually welcome to stay, so he left to go do some work, trying hard not to feel rejected, but failing.
Thus caused Tony to laugh dryly; after all, he had been expecting that.
As he entered the room, he made sure that he had locked the door as well, trying to make sure no one could get in, though, he didn't believe anyone would even notice he was gone. They rarely did. He would be in there for hours on end, and the only time someone would notice, was when he didn't do something that he was supposed to.
Moments later, I heard something I had never heard before. It sounded like Steve, but he seemed so far away.
I looked to my left and saw my 3 children. The oldest, beinging only 7 years old, was named Oasis and had her head shaved, with large stitches lining the large gash across her head. Her small round face, and ghostly pale skin, was littered with bruises. Her body looks so small against the white bed.
I ran up to Steve, falling to my knees on the cold tile. Tears ran down my face and quickly began soaking through his hospital gown. I could barely get out any words, my breathing was far to shallow.
His arms easily opened the cabinet and dug around, finding his shiny, metal blade. It was almost as if he was a machine, being programmed to find everything he needs. And as his hand grazed it he pulled it out, watching as the beautiful metal reflected the bright lights of the bathroom. Next, he lowered it onto his wrist and pressed slightly, smiling psychologically as his skin dipped in, before he slowly dragged it across his arm. His skin slowly ripped apart, causing blood to slowly trickle down his smooth, tan skin. Pain shot through his body, and he loved it. It took away the mental pain for just a split second and replaced it with physical pain. The feeling was always amazing, for he finally felt free.
" Steve! Oh my god you are alive!" My voice came out raspy and dry, but neither of us could care. He stared at me before kissing my chapped lips passionately.
Tony knew it was only a matter of time before he broke the door, but he couldn't find it in himself to care. He also didn't care that Bruce was yelling for him, begging him to open the door, to stop whatever he was doing and let the older man help him. Obviously, Tony stayed silent because he believed that he didn't need any help this time; hopefully he never would again.
It hurt. Always did. He was also obsessed with perfection. The house always had to be spotless, the dishes had to be done, and the omegas had to be kneeling when he walked through the front door. He wouldn't even let Tony leave the house without matching his outfit and putting on makeup. Since then, Tony's self image has declined dramatically, and Steve hasn't even noticed.
Steve smiled and set the love bracelet in front of Tony. A moment later, the omega opened his eyes and looked down at his food, quickly noticing the bracelet. His hands flew to cover his mouth in shock. This is the bracelet he had been wanting since they had gotten married. Tears filled his beautiful brown eyes as he jumped up and grabbed Steve in a loving hug.
I walked forward slowly, before I was engulfed in heat, light, and air. Everything hurt. I couldn't move my body at all, but none of that mattered when I saw my Handsome husband standing over me holding our youngest daughter. Tears streamed down my face as I willed my body to speak.
I entered the nearly silent room, tears filling my dull, brown eyes at the sight of their bruised and broken bodies. The bruises were always in the exact same places. Steve had a large bruise overtaking half of his swollen face, his arms were in casts, one ending at his elbow, and one ending at his shoulder. His legs were nearly entirely purple, look far to large to belong on his body. His eyes were closed, shielding his lifeless, blue eyes.
“Well that certainly narrows it down,” Steve said sarcastically as turned to walk away, and Tony swatted his ass. Steve spun around looking shocked.
He didn’t want that for his sweet boy, and he hated the fact that he’d been so taken with the thought of that metal arm when they’d first met. Tony hadn’t been callous about it when he’d studied and worked on the arm. In fact, he had hated the thought of the trauma the man must have gone through to have such a limb, but the engineer inside of him had been fascinated.
When they finally stopped chuckling, it was Bucky who asked the question first. “So what happened, Stevie. Details!”
As always I appreciate all comments!
“Considering how he was slurring his words after he returned, I’m thinking he had more than one drink.” Tony grinned. “I also charmed one of the girls at the bond’s table to tell me how the evening went, and she said it was a big success. You helped raise a lot of money tonight, baby.”
Steve knew Bucky was upset. Having his mind and memory affected like this had to be unsettling after everything Hydra had put him through. Not to mention the pain that it had caused when it began. Steve wondered if it had reminded him of the chair, but Steve knew he wouldn’t have the nerve to ask about it.
So, this was Dum Dum Dugan. Steve remembered Bucky speaking fondly of him, and as he watched the genuine concern and relief on the man’s face, Steve knew that fondness was well placed. The other men of the small group also crouched down to speak to Bucky. A man with a red beret spoke, and Steve realized he was British. “Well done, Sergeant. I feared I’d never see you again. How very like you to prove me wrong.”
A voice from deep inside his mind shouted,
As predicted, Tony was not a happy patient.
“Yeah, it’s called winning the war.”
“Steve it’s really not that big…”
When Steve pulled back, he ran a thumb across Bucky’s cheekbone. “I love you, Buck, no matter what. ‘Til the end of the line.”
“Well, since my date seems to be powdering her nose with that guy who works at the deli, you wanna get the hell out of here? I need coffee. Or scotch. Or both.”
He watched as Steve moved to his bedside table and grabbed a cup that was waiting beside a pitcher that hopefully contained water. Tony was so grateful to see the clear liquid pour into the small cup and was even more grateful when Steve brought it over to Tony’s lips.
“Unfortunately, there is sometimes a grey area with service topping.” Tony said as if mostly to himself.
Tony’s heart stopped when he saw his sweet boy on that table as he babbled a series of numbers to someone that wasn’t there. Tony knew those numbers. When the pain in his hand had been at its worst, he’d closed his eyes and heard those numbers. “Sweetheart.”
“What the hell do you mean that Phillips changed your name, Tony?” Steve asked angrily as everyone in the tent pretended that they couldn’t hear the conversation going on. They were all packing for the morning when they would move out to the nearest unoccupied city with a train station. After the train ride, it would be a relatively short flight to London.
What was he going to do? It had been hard enough to keep his distance and act normal, like a friend and nothing more, when he thought they were straight and it would be a hopeless endeavor. Now he knew they were together, but it was still just as hopeless for him.
Without a particular destination in mind, he walked…and walked as he failed not to think of what he’d just heard. The sounds they’d made and words they’d spoken were seared into his mind, playing on repeat. After a while Tony had to admit one thing to himself.
It was alright, he supposed. The windows were pretty, and the candles were nice. The fact that he didn’t seem to know when to stand hadn’t seemed to bother anyone. And even though he understood the Latin the priest was speaking, he didn’t know when or how to respond, but he was trying. This was important to Steve, and for him, Tony would try. Bucky had come along as well. He’d obviously been raised in the church, even if he hadn’t attended a Sunday’s mass since Tony had arrived. He wasn’t lost or uncomfortable like Tony was.
Bucky made a choked sound when he finally bottomed out. This was always a good set up for his sweet boy. Steve covering him with his body as he was stretched open around Bucky’s cock, and Tony filling him, giving him praise. Too many sensations for him to think or worry about anything as he was surrounded by the men he loved.
Steve was always so kind and indulged Bucky in what he asked for. Bucky liked the way Steve claimed him, told him what to do, embarrassed him a little. And wasn’t that fucked up? What kind of man would get off on that?
Steve felt his dick try to jump in Tony’s fist at the new name he’d just been called.
All throughout the day, there was only one topic of discussion: War. Tony cursed the stupidity of the Japanese military. If there was one way to get the United States to put aside their reluctance at being dragged into another world wide conflict, it was to brazenly attack them when they were enjoying their time of peace and prove that they weren’t safe.
Tony nodded. “I do. I’m going to the Village. There might be some people that can help send me home, so hopefully I won’t be in your way much longer.” God, what would he do if those sorcerers couldn’t, or wouldn’t, help him?
Tony wished this sexually repressed place had actual lube that was accessible to everyone, but knew this would have to do. He looked back at Bucky as he laid between the younger man’s legs and rubbed his thigh. “Show me what that mouth of yours can do.”
“I’ve never actually experienced it,” Tony admitted, looking sorry for not having a better answer, which was ridiculous because he was already answering so much. “It’s rather difficult for me to fully submit. However, I’ve been in the dominant role for a partner who has, but everyone is different. Generally, the intense emotions and sensations create a flood of these chemicals in a person’s brain. The effect is somewhat drug-like.”
“You know,” He’d said, “you can call me Tony. I never liked the full name.”
“So I should threaten to shoot his phone first?” Bucky asked sarcastically as he cracked an eye to peek up at Steve, hoping he hadn’t crossed a line.
“Tony, it’s perfect.” Bucky interrupted.
Tony wanted to ask him so many questions. Where had he first gotten the idea for the serum? How did he factor in the combination of technology and biochemistry? Why did he choose genetic enhancement over mutation? So many questions that he could never ask because Tony wasn’t supposed to know about any of this.
“Captain Rogers did that,” Tony insisted, “I just helped the men after the escape. I never could have done what he did on my own.”
“Are you going to show me the letter?” Tony asked with fake impatience.
“Buck,” Steve voice sounded disapproving, but as the blonde looked down to meet his eyes, Bucky could see laughter in the pale blue orbs.
The soldiers lunged, but they weren’t fast enough. Steve’s use of his shield along with his kicks were lightning fast. The HYDRA soldiers tried to deflect with their clubs as Steve knocked them around like ragdolls before throwing them out the back of the truck.
Bucky huffed and rubbed his nose against Tony’s. “And you still haven’t pushed me away,” he said almost awestruck.
Tony looked amused. “Who would have thought that when I took you to the movies last year, you’d become a rabbit’s number one fan?”
, Tony thought as he squirmed inside over what Bucky said. Tony didn’t feel like a hero. He hadn’t in a long time. Hero’s didn’t lie for years to the people they loved. They didn’t do a lot of the things Tony did. “I just pushed him to the side,” Tony mumbled. “It wasn’t anything heroic.”
Afterwards, James was lacing his boots as Steve did the dishes. Tony had actually offered to do them, but Steve had flat out refused, so Tony was working his tie into a classic Windsor knot.
Tony’s hands began to softly touch his chest before going down to lightly stroke against his sides. They moved behind Steve to run up his back then began their way back down accompanied by the pleasant scratch of nails through his shirt.
) used for the delicate work was resting on the table top, ready to be of service for whenever Bucky decided to show up and admit that his arm needed attention.
He woke early, energized despite the lack of sleep with the excitement of getting things started. He went to the kitchen and started taking out the food he’d prepped late last night. God, he’d come so far. Three months ago he could barely cook an egg, now he was cooking Christmas lunch.
Bucky looked at the ceiling, probably noticing the distinct lack of flickering, then back at Tony. “You did all that in two hours?”
“It’s fine.” Tony assured him as he stood and took a step back. “You may be right about the bed though. I’ll start looking at getting something small that could fit beside yours tomorrow.” He placated, knowing he would drag that out for as long as he could because right now he couldn’t even think about sleeping in the same room as them if he didn’t have to.
Tony stopped his work with the sticky shirt and looked up uncertainly. “I mean,
They cuddled for a while, trading kisses and lazy touches before cleaning themselves up and getting dressed. Tony did eventually have to go to work. He kissed them thoroughly before leaving and worked his hardest throughout the day so he could get back home to them on time.
“Alter how?” Bucky asked curiously. He didn’t think he’d ever been altered, but then again, how would he know, if in fact, he was already altered or hadn’t known to look out for it.
, Steve thought.
When he opened his eyes, he half expected to see Jarvis looking at him across the table with the same fond, indulgent smile he wore just for Tony; however it was Steve and Bucky who returned his gaze.
It was then that he realized that the other members of the team had risen from their seats and were on alert, waiting for some sign as to what they should do at Steve and Bucky’s obvious distress.
Tony shrugged. “I guess it depends on what that refers to,” he eventually answered. “Yeah, it was nice growing up rich and inheriting a company, and I guess I can thank him for whatever gene it was that made me as smart as I am. Beyond that, no, I have very few good memories of the man.” He sighed. “I’ll meet with him if you really want me to, but I don’t want to work any closer with him than I absolutely have to.”
“That’s just a few examples,” Tony continued, keeping eye contact, “but the most common element is the freedom that submission gives them, that surrender and the knowledge that it, in no way, makes them weak. I always believed it takes a good deal of strength to submit to someone else. Like last night, you just let yourself go and knew that you would be cared for by Steve and me. A loss of control can be a scary thing, especially when sex is involved, so I am honored that you trusted me with that.”
As Steve finally got backstage, he saw Tony practically vibrating out of skin waiting for him. Tony had been right about Steve needing to prepare himself for a bad welcome, and he should have listened. At least now they could both go and try to find someone who knew about the 107th.
As he ate his food, Tony saw the others agree on that. He could see that Steve had already won their respect and loyalty, and it didn’t surprise him. Steve did that to people who were smart enough to give him the chance. Tony wished he’d been that smart when he’d first met Steve. Tony’s arrogance and dismissal at their first meeting still shamed him.
Tony grabbed a condom and tore open the packet. He rolled it on and applied some more lubricant before he lined himself up. He looked up at his boys. Bucky was breathing heavily, but he lifted to his hands as he felt the head of Tony’s cock brush his rim. Steve had stopped touching himself as was simply staring at Tony with a look of pure lust.
“A spy wouldn’t have invited me to eat lunch with him, much less keep whatever documents he was working on in view of me.” Tony answered, knowing he was being tested and was kind of enjoying it. “It’s not like you’d need to spend time with me. I’m not any one important that could be an assignment for a mission, and if you were a spy, you wouldn’t feel inclined to socialize with a stranger from a country you’re fighting to overthrow. I’m not a neighbor that you have to keep up a cover for. You would have just declined my request and eaten alone.”
Tony swallowed his ever growing panic and walked over to the boy. He looked at the stack of papers waiting to be sold.
Sam continued, “That was damn good. Like little mom-and-pop Italian restaurant good. Where’d you learn to cook this way?”
“What d’you mean, which way?” Steve asked, confused.
“I’ll say,” Bucky murmured. “but at least ya didn’t kill the guy.”
Steve looked hurt. “Of course, I do, Tony. You think I don’t know how much your help is worth?”
Tony, of course, just patiently waited and let him gather his courage and his thoughts, but he already knew what he most desperately wanted to ask.
He began to pump him slowly as he broke the kiss with Steve and leaned back, looking down at the younger man’s lap.
(Look at me learning how to type the trademark symbol. We've come a long way friends.)
“You sell these?!” Tony had the urge to look out the window, half expecting to see winged pigs filling the sky. Steve Rogers, pornographer.
Tony didn’t want to think about it. He couldn’t let himself believe that it would happen. He’d heard enough about how Steve had found Bucky in that Hydra base strapped to a table after they did who the fuck knows what to him. His sweet boy…
He could fix this, make the best of this situation and not crumble under the panic that still whirled in the back of his mind. He was Tony Stark, after all.
voice, and Tony was simultaneously proud that he remembered and turned on even more at the thought that he might need it.
“Steve, firstly, congratulations.” Steve blushed as Bucky smirked. “Secondly, I want you to face the possibility that while I’m
Tony then pulled back to get off the bed and headed to the bathroom. He wet a washcloth and brought it back to the room. He crawled back over to Bucky. “Can I clean you up?”
And Bucky remembered. Steve had been the first to call him Bucky not long after they’d met in grade school. He actually
Bucky’s eyes held nothing but acceptance and understanding as he smiled softly. ”But you love him too.” It wasn’t a question. Hell, he didn’t even sound upset!
Steve felt someone appear beside him. The fact that he hadn’t heard or sensed their approach could only mean that it was one of two people, and he already knew where Natasha was. “What do you think, Buck?”
God, the memory of taking Tony the next night, riding his face while he and Bucky lovingly dominated the older man, made Steve’s body want to react. He’d never imagined that anyone but Bucky could want him that way before the serum, but Tony had. Every day that Steve now remembered was filled with Tony adoring him, adoring them both. He’d called them his boys.
Natasha moved closer to the news reel footage. “He looks happy.” She said as she studied the Tony on screen. “The real kind of happy.”
“You didn’t have to do this, Steve.” Bucky told him quietly for the third time. “I didn’t want you to go through this trouble for me.”
Steve exclaimed over the new sets of charcoals, pastels and pencils he received. The premium sketchbooks of thick paper that the man at the store had assured Tony would add to the quality of the artist’s work, and the leather-bound portfolio cover was embossed with his initials. It would be perfect for protecting his sketches as he carried them around the city. He’d also received a new (and warmer) coat.
“You’re shaking, sweet boy.” And Bucky hadn’t realized the other man had moved closer to his face until he felt the words breathed across his lips.
“Well, I wish him the best.” James smiled then turned to start breakfast as Tony finished dressing. The smell of eggs and toast was very welcome to Tony’s stomach. The potato soup Steve made last night, while very tasty, seemed long gone. He normally didn’t each much, or regularly, but Tony figured the stress was giving him an appetite. That, and the knowledge that this could be his last meal here.
Her eyes widened as she realized what she’d just said to an almost stranger when she should probably be grieving. “I mean, I don’t…That was a horrible thing to say. It’s completely inappropriate. Please, just forget…”
“Steve, I mean it,” Tony said more firmly as his eyes fully opened.
“Pepper, my darling, my jewel, my…”
He tried to act like a person, but what was a person without their memories? The answer was Bucky. He didn’t even understand why he was called Bucky when he had been told at the museum that his name was James. That knowledge and understanding came with memories he didn’t have. Sometimes he felt like an adopted dog. The dog had once belonged to someone else, but his new owners gave him a new name when they’d taken him in. It didn’t erase the dog’s past, and he knew that he was still more Asset than Bucky.
They both looked confused at his words. “Why is it already awkward?” Bucky asked.
“It’s not all you share.” Erskine told him, his eyes piercing Tony in a gaze that saw too much. “You bear a striking resemblance to the man. I should know; I’ve met him several times.”
As Steve pushed the first finger into him, Bucky also pushed all the way in. Tony fought to the urge to gag, but the angle of Bucky’s dick made the feeling more intense, and he actually choked a little.
At some point, his Daddy had grabbed a bar of soap and began to slowly wash him. Steve gently grabbed his chin to turn his head and kiss him fully. The feel of the other man’s tongue controlling the kiss along with the gentle cleansing of the soap in careful hands was relaxing him further, and he wanted to let go, but he knew he couldn’t yet. He wanted to enjoy this moment.
Tony was a little lost when Steve stopped his movements above him and climbed off. He choked out a groan when Bucky stopped his tonguing and sat up a moment later. He hadn’t even realized he’d closed his eyes until they opened in confusion. Tony was panting as he looked to find the two of them, his body tingling.
As they drove back to Tony’s Brooklyn apartment, they talked about their plans for when Tony would officially be called into the project. He maintained that he wouldn’t be needed until Erskine had finally found the right man for the project, but Erskine wanted to use him sooner than that.
Tony kissed him, letting his lips linger before resting his forehead against Bucky’s, mimicking their first embrace. “My sweet boy. You can call me daddy or sir or whatever else you want to when we’re together. I love you.”
“What about your stuff?” James asked. “You were gonna move here, right?”
“What?” Steve asked.
Steve was looking at him, stunned by the outburst. James was just smiling like Christmas came early, clearly enjoying someone sticking up for Steve.
“Hey!” Bucky yelled as he grabbed the guy’s arm, yanking him away and spinning him towards where Tony was standing. “Pick on someone your own size.”
Bucky trembled slightly, as if trying to suppress whatever he was feeling. “I…” he began then choked on a breath and broke down, Steve wrapped his arms around him from behind trying to comfort his friend. “I’m sorry, Tony! I’m so sorry! I can’t believe I did that, I can’t…” he choked again, looking like he was fighting back tears.
“Welcome home, sweetheart,” Tony whispered as he wished he could kiss and embrace Bucky like the other couples around them were doing. It had been months since they’d seen each other, and this restriction left their reunion feeling bittersweet.
walking in on us? Those big brown eyes in shock when he sees how good you are to me. I know you get off on the thought of being watched, being heard. He heard you that night, too. I think he was just as hard as I was listening to the filthy things you said and did to her. It was so hard not to come listenin’ to you with him right there when I know how good you feel. You sounded so fuckin’ amazing. I wonder if he liked your sounds as much as hers.”
“Bullshit,” Bucky said tiredly as he sat against the bars of their cell. “That is bullshit. I’ve known you for almost a year now, Dugan. There’s no way you were in the circus.”
“Uhn, yes!” Tony’s voice was rough, and his eyes looked glazed. “Please, Steve, it’s so much. It feels so good. I
“I think they noticed the prison break,” Tony said as guards burst through the doorway ahead of them.
“Steve’s called the ‘Rowdy Rough Morning Boys’ mug, and I’m pretty sure if I steal from Captain America it makes me a communist. Barnes uses the ‘HIM so Sleepy’ mug, which works because that character is creepy as hell. No offense, Barnes”
When they’d first arrived at the tower, and Steve had brought Bucky down to the workshop for the first time, he’ll admit that he’d been nervous. Bucky was still cagey back then, and Tony could be a force to be reckoned with. Then, Steve had seen Bucky’s face as he’d taken in the room. His eyes had scanned over every machine and projection to finally land on the wall that housed the Iron Man suits.
At that moment Francesco’s wife who ran the kitchen popped her head through the curtain. “Cesco, they need you in la cucina. Hello, boys,” she added with a smile, “Sorry to steal him away, but there is a little problem with la vino delivery.”
He pushed himself off of the bed and made his way out of the room and to the stairwell. He knew he could just use the elevator, but he didn’t want to. He liked being in charge of where he went. He liked that he was allowed to choose to take the stairs. His handlers would have called it erratic behavior. He knew it probably was, but he did it anyway.
It had taken a lot of Tony’s willpower not to get drunk as he’d waited for Bucky to arrive at the bar. He’d settled for a double pour of his favorite scotch and a cigarette. Tony didn’t care about cancer, not anymore. He just savored the dry burn of the smoke mixing with the liquid burn of the alcohol. He’d been a mess all day. A high functioning mess, but a mess all the same.
Tony hadn’t really thought of that. Yes, Steve was smaller in this time, but Tony didn’t think of him as frail or sickly. The kid was a pistol, all sass and determination and attitude. Tony wondered if anyone besides James had seen it too, before the serum that is.
“Should make my job easier, then,” Gabe said. “It was your own fault, anyway. You insulted his people.”
Steve continued, “Still, he did manage to walk all the way up here, so that’s better than I’d hoped.”
Steve looked terrified at the thought of them being taken as he wrapped an arm around Bucky and pulled him closer, trying to comfort them both.
Steve’s eyes watered with those words as Bucky watched him try to push back whatever it was he was feeling. They had an audience after all, and Bucky didn’t blame him for not wanting to start crying at the dinner table. He was still embarrassed as hell from his mental breakdown being witnessed earlier.
They were right to be scared. When he was mad he had no filter. He would say whatever came to his mind, then regret it later. He had always had this problem, ever since he was a young child. It often got him in quite a bit of trouble at school, and home.
Before he could even blink, the door was thrown off its hinges, revealing a worried Bruce and a fearful Steve. Tony saw Steve's eyes filling with tears, which caused his heart to break. His eyes moved toward Bruce, and he saw that his eyes held pity. Tony hated it. He didn't pity.
Tony smiled at the gesture and accepted the offer as Steve pushed the seat back in towards the table.
As he grew dizzier, he began thinking. He was thinking about all of the amazing things hus alpha had done for him. He thought about how much his love had changed. He used to be so kind, so gentle.He had never even yelled at the poor omega. He always made sure Tony was happy. The miserable man even remembers Steve's proposal speech.
He put them in a bouquet before driving to the supermarket. There, he bought a large table, red wine, steak, seasoning, a grill, and other small gifts. After that, he went to a jewelry store and bought a 'Cartier Love bracelet'. He carefully slipped the ring of the screwdriver onto his keychain.
Steve quickly changed into his tux, making sure his tie matched Tony's baby blue Omega eyes. He had set up a table with his bouquet of flowers in front of the water and lit a few candles along with a few glasses of wine.
With all of this said, will you, Anthony Edward Stark, become Anthony Edward Stark-Rogers?" Steve asked tentatively. I nodded with tears falling down my face, immediately capturing his lips in a passionate kiss.
On the other side of the room is a man holding a small, sleeping toddler. The man has on a suit that looks to be quite expensive, though it is practically drenched in the dark color of dried blood. He seems angry, yet anxious, almost as though he would punch someone if they didn't hurry up. The child had a bright blue pacifier in their mouth, which had elmo on the face of it. Their hair was in 2 pigtails at the sides of their head. They wore an adorable bear onesie, looking far too innocent to be in a place like this.
The Omega blushed happily, and hugged his alpha firmly. He wanted to feel himself inScteve's large, strong arms.
"He-Hello beautiful." Steve stuttered out quietly, almost whispering, though Tony still heard it. The nervous alpha soon realized he was staring, and a blush forced its way onto his cheeks. He rushed to get out the food while he simultaneously pulled out his loves chair so he could sit down.
He went to the florists first, and bought a white rose, to symbolize a fresh start between the two. Next he bought a lavender rose, to show that their love was love at first sight. He also bought an apple blossom, to show the state of peace he wants their relationship to achieve. Finally, he bought a hibiscus, a hyacinth, a lilac, a sunflower, a red tulip, a white tulip, and a yellow tulip, simply because Tony loved those flowers.
“Yeah. I guess I accidentally woke him up and he- well, he helped me through it, and then we went back to sleep.”
“Maybe,” she smiled.
“Barton, why are you like this?”
“Private? But then how can I brag to everyone that I am dating the man with the greatest ass in America?”
“Steve,” she nodded. “That smells amazing,” she smiled.
“Yes.”
“Yes?” he turned to her, coffee cup in hand.
“Just ask him out already,” she urged before leaving the room.
“I’m gonna get another drink,” he stood up suddenly. “Anyone else need anything?” There was a chorus of yeses, and on his way out he heard Natasha excuse herself.
“Yeah, Cap?”
“Miss Romanoff has requested your precense in Mr. Stark’s workshop.”
“Tony?” Tony came closer to Steve’s bed but said nothing. “Tony?” Steve sat up fully, his heart racing. Tony flopped down on the bed next to Steve, face down. “Uhh, JARVIS?”
Thirty minutes later, they had a completely layered lasagna ready to go in the oven, and Thor’s apron was covered in tomato sauce.
“Tony’s fine, Steve, he’s just sort of…indisposed.”
“Oh, hey Nat,” he poured her a cup of coffee and handed it across the counter.
“I like sassy Steve,” Tony grinned, sticking his tongue out at Clint.
“Natasha, why would I dress up to sit in the rec room and watch a movie?” Natasha let a smile spread across her lips, looking at Steve knowingly.
“He’s not my boyfriend, Nat,” he stood up, wiping the sweat from his face and head with a towel.
“I’m saying Tony is used to people using him for his money or his body or whatever else. Just be present. Just spend time with him. A few innocent touches here or there couldn’t hurt, either,” she winked. “I have to go meet Clint for sparring.” Steve pondered what she said while Bruce finished his tea, and Thor wandered in and ate a mountain of pancakes.
“Thanks,” Tony turned his attention back to Steve, “Are you okay to go back to sleep?”
“Not possible,” he insisted. “Why would I make him nervous?”
“I tried to calm myself down, I just…”
“Anybody know where Tony is?” Bruce questioned, not looking up from the paper he was holding. Steve started to pour him a cup of tea.
“I’m sorry about Clint last night,” she apologized, although she had nothing to apologize for. “He can be a real asshole sometimes.”
“I told Thor I would teach him how to make lasagna,” Steve shook his head slightly but the smile didn’t leave his face.
“Thor, please stop calling me that. Just call me Tony,” he groaned and sunk lower into the seat of the couch. Thor looked thoroughly perplexed.
“You’ll come back, right? You’ll stay?” Tony felt a heat pooling in his stomach at that, and tried to resist the urge to grin, knowing it probably wasn’t the best time. Steve looked like he was embarrassed to ask but he couldn’t help himself.
He walked into his bedroom and carefully laid Tony down on his bed, covering him up with the blanket. He was heading towards the bathroom when Tony spoke.
“About me and you?” Tony prodded, wanting to be sure.
“I was gonna make the first move, honest, but Bruce told me not to be too forward, so I waited. I didn’t believe him when he said you had feelings for me, but when I woke up in your bed this morning and asked Jarvis what happened, I figured maybe he was right.” Steve looked at Tony with a mix of adoration and disbelief.
"I will, eventually."
“That all seems so…miniscule. Are you sure?”
“You’ve really been missing out, Stark. Cap makes a killer omelet,” Clint insisted before shoving a whole slice of bacon in his mouth. A small smile crossed Steve’s lips.
“Like Tony said, he sleepwalks,” Steve shrugged in an attempt at casualty. “He came into my room, dead asleep, and flopped down on my bed, so I just let him sleep.”
“Never would’ve pegged you for a chef, Rogers,” Tony commented, less snark and more genuine curiosity in his voice than he intended.
“It’s Steve.”
“Yeah, you know, where people sleep?” Steve remarked sarcastically as Tony stood up. Tony grabbed Steve’s hand and began to pull him towards the elevator. Tony smirked at Steve and had an ornery look in his eye. “What?”
“Not a couple yet, Nat,” he pretended to be annoyed but he couldn’t help but smile at that. “Thanks for your secrecy, Banner.”
“Yeah, it’s me, hi,” Steve made his way towards Tony. “I just haven’t seen you today, and I figured maybe you needed to eat.” Tony looked up when he heard this, and instantly grabbed for the cup of coffee, naturally.
“Language!” she grinned at him, making him sigh and shake his head, but he couldn’t keep the smile off his face. “Steve, you can’t keep running away.”
“In Steve’s bed,” Natasha smirked at Steve, who glared at her.
“We were just talking about Steve and Tony,” she informed him, turning her attention back to Steve. “You should’ve talked to him more last night.”
“So much,” Tony seemed to relax even more, and let his head fall gently to Steve’s chest. They watched the rest of the movie cuddled together, with Natasha and Bruce stealing glances at them, making encouraging faces, and Clint looking thoroughly nauseated, as he usually did at affection. When the movie was over, Tony said a quick goodnight to everyone and, with Bruce on his heels, hurried to his workshop, which is likely where he was until the movie. Steve went to bed with a smile on his face, and instantly drifted off. However, a few hours into his slumber, he woke up to see Tony’s silhouette in his doorway once again.
“I will make no promises, have you seen this man?” Tony exclaimed, gesturing towards Steve.
“Nothing,” Steve sighed. “I went to bed and he went to his workshop and that was it. I mean, not that I expected anything to happen, I just…hoped.”
“Back home, I think. Also, good morning,” Bruce replied softly, looking up from his paper to smile at Tony.
“But Clinton said that you preferred Anthony.” Tony turned his glare to Clint, who was snickering at him.
“Let’s just start the movie, yeah?” Bruce chimed in, trying to alleviate any tension. Funny how things work.
“You were sleepwalking. You came in here and laid down, and JARVIS said I shouldn’t wake you, so I just covered you over with the blanket and let you sleep,” Steve looked embarrassed, too, trying to hide the feeling of rejection that Tony’s freakout made bubble up inside him.
“We’ve been friends this whole time, Legolas.”
“Captain?” Tony sounded surprised and confused but didn’t make a move to leave or even look up from whatever he was working on.
“So what am I supposed to do?”
“I won’t deny that,” she smiled back, and it seemed genuine. “But I stand by what I said.”
“Uh, yes?”
“Thanks, Clint,” he smiled before turning to Tony and handing him a plate. “Good morning, Tony,” Steve said in a less charmed tone than before.
“I reeeally wouldn’t. Not if you’re fucking, anyway.”  Tony glanced over at Steve long enough to see a blush spreading across his face, and stifled a smile. Clint continued, “But seriously, since when are you two friends?”
“Do you remember, um, the conversation we had a few weeks ago?” A small smile played on the corners of her mouth.
“Go for it,” Tony urged, taking a bite of his lasagna. “Jesus, Rogers. If everything you cook tastes like this I may have to just marry you right now,” Tony complimented without even taking his eyes off the tv. Steve chuckled but felt his entire face turn bright red, and when he glanced over at Natasha she gave him a wide-eyed smile and a thumbs up. Tony finished his food quickly and settled back into the couch, resting his hand on Steve’s leg again. Tony scooted over after a few minutes, which disappointed Steve.
“Steve? Did I- I’m so sorry, I was in the workshop with B-”
“Like I said, Tony. You make him nervous. Just show him that you like him, too, but don’t be too upfront. Friendly touches, and presence. That’s what he’s been doing, so reciprocate,” he was pretty much just repeating what he had heard Natasha tell Steve, but he figured that was good enough advice. He put his glasses back on and stood up, walking back over to what he had been working on. “Good luck, Tony."
“C’mon, Stevie, I’m just messing with you,” Tony planted a kiss on Steve’s cheek when he sat down next to him, immediately curling up into Steve’s lap.
“Of course I do, Bruce! Who wouldn’t? He’s Captain Fucking America. He’s America’s Golden Boy and he’s living in my house and he’s everywhere all the time being nice in his stupid white t-shirts and he’s a fucking Adonis destroying punching bags in my gym, Bruce, of course I like him!” Tony got more worked up than he intended, and took a deep breath. “Sorry. Um, yeah, I do. How’d ya know?”
Thinking of Tony made Bucky’s mind flash to the thing that had woken him so suddenly. The memories he’d gotten while sleeping had been of his time training for the army and being away from Steve and Tony.  Bucky remembered being called to the office at the base he had been posted at before the war. The serious look on the clerk’s face as he’d given the phone to Bucky, walking away to give him a rare moment of privacy since he’d gotten here, did nothing to settle his nerves.
Finally, the youngest. She was 5 years old, just starting her kindergarten year. Her name was Janie. She had beach blonde hair, just like her father. That had always been a mystery to us, she looked exactly like him, though she was adopted. She had almost no bruises, but she had a breathing tube shoved down her throat, and wires hooked up to just about everywhere on her small, frail body.
Steve had taken a few moments to calm down, hoping he would be calm enough to think even slightly rationally about the situation. Unfortunately for him, as well as the omegas, he was unable to control himself. He spoke loudly, the sound shaking the house slightly. His anger was evident in his voice, and the omegas both knew they were in a great deal of trouble.
" Hi babies, I love all three of you. I'm so sorry that I have to leave you, but you are going to a place where you can be happy, and have all the candy you want! I'll miss you all, ill still make your favorite dinners, and I think of you the entire time. I love you all so, so much." Tears dripped onto their hands, the hot liquid slowly falling down the curves of our intertwined fingers.
Tony snickered when he saw his husband staring at his lips, so he quickly reached forward and connected them, his hand reaching up to caress the back of Steve's head. Butterflies and sparks filled both of their tummies at the feeling of their connected lips.
" Tony, you have to wake up! Please !? They said that they have to pull the plug today, but i need you. Please baby?" His voice called out to me. I furrowed my eyebrows and stood up, slowly turning around. The room was empty, no bed, no Steve, no machines. The door was open, and a bright light illuminated the dark space.
"Thank you alpha, it's all beautiful. May I ask what all of this is for?" Tony questioned. Steve smiled sadly and fiddled with his fingers.
He tried to control himself, but his mind filled with thoughts. Thoughts that no one, not even a prisoner, should ever have.
As the painful thoughts flooded Tony's head, he began to sob louder, completely unaware of his alpha, who was standing outside of the door. The alpha's heart broke with every heart wrenching sob that escaped his omegas mouth. He knows that this is his fault. He knows he's ignored Tony, let the fame go to his head. As moments pass, Tony continues to cry, and Steve continues to beat himself up.
His plan is to take Tony to the beach where they got married. He will set up a beautiful dinner, and do his best to show the younger man that he can change. That he can, and will, be better.
Steve starts trying to fix his mistakes.
He closed his eyes, and began wishing that either sleep, or death, would overtake him. Unfortunately, neither came.
He only sighed, grabbing a pencil and paper. The plan started off by writing Tony a letter, which was filled with all of the reasons why he loved the small man. After an hour of pouring his heart onto paper, the heartfelt, sincere letter finally totalled to be about three and a half pages long. Next, Steve taped it to Tony's door before telling Natasha where he was going. Finally, he left the house to gather all of his needed materials.
At this point, Bruce was attempting to break the door down. He had to get to his best friend before it was too late. He knew what the smaller man was doing, and the thought of not being there to stop it scared him to no end.
" S-Stevey? I know you probably can't hear me, but I want you to know that none of this is your fault. I know that's what you're thinking right now, but it's not true. You did everything you could to drive them away from the high monster who did this to you. And I know I say this constantly, but I love you. Far more than words could ever describe. Thank you so much for being with me through all that you have, and I really don't want to see it end but..... it's not up to either of us is it? I want you to remember me, cause I know I could never forget you. I love you Steve. Always and forever." It was the same speech I gave every time I was here. Word for word. I was never able to say anything else, no matter how hard I tried. It was always the same.
With a brooding sigh, Tony stood up and presented his are to Bruce, also giving him the gauze wrap. As always, he would wrap Tony's arms and tell him all of these sweet words, like how he can't live without him, or how he means the world to him, but soon after, things would go right back to the way they were.
The first time, I had fallen asleep, but I don't remember ever waking up. I know this all has to be a dream, but I can't seem to figure out how to wake up. Every now and again I hear a little voice. It's quiet, almost nonexistent. It always says, "It's your fault! It's all your fault! You have to pay!" I can never figure out why it says this, or what it means, or even who it is.
"Omegas! Why is the house still a mess?! I told you to clean it hours ago! We have guests coming over and they may be joining the pack. They'll be here in an hour so I want the house spotless and dinner at the table by then! Understood?!" The large alpha said, his voice growing louder with every word that passed his lips.
4 patients are in the waiting room, the same ones I see everyday. A red headed girl named Ruby, who looks to be about 15, has tears streaming down her face as she sits in the corner on the phone. An older man with grey and brown hair sits solemnly beside her, not knowing her name but still comforting her. His voice is low and gravely. It sounds like he swallowed concrete. He holds a document in his hands. It is a death certificate. Addressed to one Abigail Ludwig. He chooses to comfort her, a young girl whom he does not know, over grieving for his loved one.
He didn't even notice how much he was crying until he tried to consciously blink. Only then did he feel the hits liquid streaming down his face.
"Anthony Edward Stark, we have been together for two years. We have been together for 730 days. We have been together for 17520 hours. We have been together for 1051200 minutes. And we have been together for 63072000 seconds. Through each and every minute, second, and hour I have never doubted my love for you. I have never doubted my trust for you. I have never doubted my respect for you. Every time I see you, my heart skips a beat. Everytime I hear you voice I hear symphonies. Everytime you look at me I lose my breath, and everytime you say my name I get butterflies. You are my soulmate. You always will be.
Steve hugged the man tight, kissing his forehead softly. He wanted to kiss him on the lips, but he didn't know how Tony would feel about it. Yes, they have kissed before. Obviously. But Steve was apologizing for all of his mistakes, so he didn't know if it was right to do that.
Steve was nervous when he sawKBruce pull up. He allowed a shaky breath to escape his mouth as he sawMTony. His heart skipped a beat when he saw the beautiful brown eyes crinkle happily at the sight of the flowers. Bruce sent Steve a warning glare, before backing away and driving home.
“Sir has always held a deep respect for you, Sgt. Barnes,” JARVIS continued, “and his own unfortunate experiences at the hands of similarly cruel men has only strengthened that respect. While at times he may have been wary of upsetting you, he has always believed that you had the capacity and fortitude to overcome your past. If I may be so bold, I believe he would be quite proud with how far you’ve come.”
“I’m thirty-nine,” actually feeling skeevy at the thought of taking a twenty-one year old out dancing. This old fashioned morality must be corrupting him. He didn’t think he’d have had a problem with it a few years ago.
Tony nodded sincerely. “I meant it then, and I mean it now.”
“Private James Morita, Captain,” the man replied. “The wounded are as stable as they can be and have been loaded into the trucks. The medics are there with them to help during transport.”
Once during these little talks, he’d almost convinced himself that they were looking at him a certain way, different from before. He could have sworn there was something in their eyes as they listened to him talk about his life, but he furiously reminded himself that wishful thinking would only drive him insane.
“You’ve been completely fucked by me a few times this week, baby boy.” Tony shot back. “Try a different phrase. I’ll wait.”
“That’s bullshit, Steve!” It was the loudest Bucky’s voice had gotten since Steve had first seen him in the doorway. “You’ve been drowning for months, years probably, and you’ve never asked for help. I get why you couldn’t before with anyone. They’re your team, and you’re their captain, but I am your best friend. I’m your….your partner.”
“To be fair they were right about that,” Tony conceded, “but I’d like to believe I’ve gotten better about it in the past couple years.”
His throat was tight. “Sweetheart, I’m so sorry. I didn’t even realize…”
Tony had crafted a life for himself here.  He’d had to adapt and become someone else. Someone Steve and Bucky would want to be around. The problem was that as more time went by, he’d started to forget it was a persona. He’d genuinely begun to change, and he’d
“Of course, Steve,” he lied, “I’m just missing Bucky.”
Thor had lamented upon hearing that the “Fair Lady Pepper” no longer was “Tony’s to cherish”.
“Of course.” But she had already hung up. Tony sighed.
He felt Steve run his fingers through his hair, and oh, was it soothing. “You have been working really hard lately, Tony. I didn’t think you were actually going to take on the role of my personal assistant.”
“It’s really not that impressive. You should have seen some of things I’ve built out of scraps in the past. It once saved my life.”
Tony smirked. “From the Vulcans, actually. An intelligent and enlightened race I’ve studied for years with the help of Gene Roddenberry.”
Howard looked at him for several moments, then huffed, “You’re just trying to get me to name one of my children after you.”
Everyone else was already absorbed in their work. They were all focused on this possible new lead for Tony, but Bucky couldn’t do it. So, he left. Being quick and quiet while remaining unseen was a specialty he possessed, and he used it to its fullest now. No one saw him leave, except maybe Natasha, but he knew she wouldn’t say anything. She was the most discreet and insightful of them all.
“Of course, it will,” Tony told him. “Just trust your instincts, Steve. I’m only here to help. You’re the super-soldier, and more importantly, you were chosen for a reason.”
No, Steve said not to listen to the voice that sounded so much like his own, so Bucky wasn’t going to. Still, Bucky could understand about wanting the pain inside to just stop, just stop for a moment and give him some peace to pull himself back together. Bucky had needed to remind Steve of his own advice last night, but he now knew from experience that it was easier telling someone these things than believing them yourself.
Tony also
Bucky shook his head. “He’s been like that since me and Steve first met him, and he decided to fill our kitchen with food.”
doing them for the man he loved. Steve would do anything, give Bucky anything he wanted or needed, if it made him feel good. He remembered Tony had called it a “bit of a service kink”.
“Yeah, you, queer lover.” This fucker was on Tony’s last nerve. “Where’s the shrimp? I’d have thought that he would be followin’ you ‘round like a mutt after a bone.”
An hour later they were walking through the doors of Martinelli’s, and Francesco was there at the front podium waiting for them.
So, back to work.
money. People all over the country have jobs and steady pay because of this. Steel and manufacturing plants are now employed to capacity to keep up with the supply demands. Shipyards are in full production along with automotive plants to make boats for the navy and vehicles for the army, then there’s the planes for the air force. Farmers are able to grow more crops and sell their harvest to be sent overseas for our soldiers and allies. This is only the beginning of that.”
Tony finally nodded, and Steve watched as his hand also grabbed the rope. He wrapped his other arm around Bucky, who wrapped his lower legs around Tony’s as his free hand did the same to his shoulders. They jumped off, and Steve watched the rope dip even as it held their weight on the way over to him. At the last moment, Tony turned them so that his body was the one that struck the edge of the walkway instead of Bucky. Their hands were still suspended over them to the railing, and Steve hurried to grab them both and pull them up. Steve wanted to check if Tony was alright after the weighted impact, but the other man just shrugged him off and urged them to move.
Erskine motioned to Tony, and Howard’s eyes zeroed in on Tony’s face and narrowed.
Looking handsome (at least, he thought so) in his favorite 3-piece suit, he impatiently drummed his fingers on the marble counter as he thumbed through his Starkpad. His eyes flickering to the agonizingly slow trickle of coffee every few seconds.
Tony’s mask nearly fell as he quickly debated over what to tell them. Eventually, he decided to fuck confidentiality agreements and tell them the truth, or as much as he was able to.
“You’re so tight, sweetheart. I wish you could see how well you take me.” Tony panted as he continued to fuck him. “The way you clench around my cock every time I get nice and deep. My sweet boy, being so good for me.”
Thank Odin that the beds were still pushed together. He turned them and gently pushed Steve down on the bed before turning to pull Bucky in and kiss him thoroughly. Breaking apart he met Bucky’s eyes and said, “It’s been a while since I was with a man, much less two at once.” He turned to Steve. “I’m gonna take good care of you, baby boy.”
Tony was trying to settle himself for when Bucky left. He had noticed similar behavior at random moments these past three weeks and knew that Tony was steeling himself to say goodbye again. So, no, he wouldn’t ask because he knew he wouldn’t get the truth if Tony answered. That thought left an empty feeling in his stomach, and for once, Bucky didn’t push it away.
“Troglodyte,” Tony corrected with satisfaction, apparently having used one too many syllables for this troll and his friends to follow. “You know, a cave dweller; someone intentionally ignorant.” Tony knew his smug smile would only piss them off further.
” Tony said as he crossed arms in defiance. “
Anyways, Tony had money, not anything like what he used to have, but it was more than enough in this day and age. He knew Steve would be in meetings almost all day from the time they landed. He also knew they would all have to stay somewhere. Tony looked at the other soldiers, the future Commandos, and his future teammates. They were important to Bucky, and he suspected they were already important Steve, too. Hell, they were already kind of important to Tony. He’d just met them, but he could already see how well they could all get along and work together.
Tony nodded as he forced himself to not choke up at the tender acceptance being offered. “I’ll do that from now from on. Promise.”
As the men began to file out of the cages, Steve handed the keys to one of the prisoners to help free the others.
Steve watched as the whole team was gathered in this medical suite, waiting to hear just what had gone wrong with two of their teammates and if it was connected to their missing third.
“Je n’en reviens pas. Comment as-tu pu survivre a ça ?” A smaller man spoke quickly in French as he looked down at Bucky’s attempts to catch his breath after drinking. Steve guessed from the disbelief in his tone, he was surprised to see Bucky again. The man crouched and spoke more slowly in English. “Lucky tough bastard, Barnes.”
“Whoever God is, it’s not you, Schmidt,” Steve called back. “Come over here, and I’ll prove that to you.”
“Your mine, Tony. This is mine.” He said as Tony felt the head of his dick push against his hole. Steve applied some more pressure until he breached the ring of muscle and entered him. He didn’t stop his thrust as he continued in one long, slow slide into him.
Bucky nodded and started walking towards the exit as he asked, “Where’s Stevie?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve hurried to fasten his end of rope to the railing as Tony instructed. When he was done, he looked across the distance to see Tony tying his end of the rope to the upper platform, pulling it taught. He’d created a zipline. Steve watched as Tony reached into his pack again. This time he produced a metal clip-hook that was the size of a man’s hand. It had a piece of rope that had been looped through it, making a handle.
He could hear Steve huff below him. “You ready?”
Once he’d awoken in this time, and his SHIELD handler had explained that this view was largely different today, he’d done it. Not that he’d had much choice, it was required if Steve was ever going to be cleared for future duty. Now that he knew that HYDRA had been secretly running SHIELD, he was relieved that he’d stopped going as soon as he got the all clear. He couldn’t imagine what kind of profile HYDRA would have put together on him if he’d continued to go and share his thoughts and concerns.
When he was finished, Tony saw his eyes linger on the homemade bandages, as if he were looking through them to the skin underneath. To Tony’s scars. Yeah, the worst were still covered by his shirt on his chest, but they still littered his skin down to his navel. The thick surgical scar ran well past his ribs. Tony knows they both saw it.
Steve, not surprisingly, was the first to pass out. His head resting on Tony’s shoulder as he breathed deeply,making a small wheeze at each exhale. Tony watched him with a fond smile. He looked so innocent, so peaceful. Tony wanted to wrap his arms around him, wanted to keep him this way and shield him from a future that was going to put so much on the young man’s shoulders. The burden of command, of saving the world, that would be thrust upon him.
“We understand why you did it, Tony.” Steve said from where his head was resting against Tony’s shoulder. At Tony’s disbelieving look, Steve added, “We don’t know the reason behind it, not really, but we do know
“Good, because I’ve learned from my mistakes, and I’m not going to let a valuable asset to our cause get overlooked again.” The man looked at him seriously. “If you’re ready, then as of this moment you are officially in the SSR. No consulting. No provisions. I can have a lab set up for you by the time we reach London, fully equipped with people to assist you.”
The weird thing was that Steve could sometimes swear he saw flashes of something move across the lenses, but when he looked again, there was nothing there.
biggest organ is…”
Bucky shrugged as he finished eating his stew sooner than was probably healthy. He wiped his hands on his pants and grabbed the chocolate. “I dunno, a few days, maybe? Before that we ate twice a day, some kind of grey-brown stuff they’d give us in bowls. We weren’t really sure what it was.”
He continued, “Two more hours of riding today before we stop at a small town just outside of Sondrio where we’ll spend the night.” Tony’s foot sped up.
“How do you know that? Did one of those soldiers say something to you about it? Because I was finally able to talk to them after you reminded them that I’m an actual captain, and none of them had heard of Bucky or met anyone in the 107th. I asked, and this is the closest to the front they’ve ever been.”
“Though tonight, I think I know what I want to do with you.” He finished and released his hold on them.
It’s was Steve’s turn to look confused as he processed Bucky’s question. “What do you mean? Do you need to talk, love?”
Wrong.
Bucky could almost hear his younger, naïve self as he promised Tony that he didn’t plan on dying overseas. That he would return to him, and Tony wouldn’t be alone.
Tony released him taking two steps back, putting himself between the guy and little Steve, just in case Joe’s wounded pride made him attack again. But all he did was turn to glare as he backed out of the alley, taking to the street when he reached his friends.
Steve would take Lucille to the park or a diner, and they’d talk about art. Bucky would go to the dance hall almost every weekend with the same pretty girl on his arm. Tony and Ruth would go to the movies or jazz clubs and just enjoy their friendship.
As Steve reopened his eyes and looked down to meet Tony’s, something he was still not used to, Tony smiled and began unbuttoning his shirt. Tony gave him small kisses as he worked the clothing open and off of him. The pants were the next to go as Tony continued his kisses on Steve’s jaw, always returning to his lips.
But I'm back, beautifully bronzed and in the right headspace to continue this. I'm sorry if this chapter is choppy. It was written over the course of several emotionally charged weeks. Next chapter will hopefully be better as the plot takes an important step forward.
“Pardon me for interrupting,” JARVIS said.
“Geez, Buck! The mouth on you!”
“Oh, I’m shameless,” he agreed.
Tony just nodded. “I’m calling it the Mark 1.” He smiled at his private joke. “I’ll install it later today after we eat. There should be just enough room in the corner of the kitchen.”
“Tony,” Bucky heard Morita say quietly. “We don’t need private rooms. We can share.”
“For us not to fall in love with him.” Bucky took a deep breath to center himself. Part of him couldn’t believe that he was able to do this. He was having an actual conversation with this group of people, sharing ideas and memories about a man that as of yesterday had been little more than a landlord and technician for his arm. Now, Tony was the half of his heart that wasn’t taken by Steve.
“It’s what they are, Steve,” Bucky said a little defensively, “and what fuckin’ difference does it make when their gonna be tryin’ to shoot at me?”
The only thing he’d seen that resembled this level of grief and anger had been after the Chitauri Invasion, but this was different. That was the aftermath of a battle that was fought in one day in one city. This was a war that would take years and span the globe.
“Easy, Sarge,” the man said in a hushed voice. “Just take it easy. Don’t wanna be giving the guards a reason to come over.”
At that last thought, the door to Steve and James’s shared room opened. They didn’t share a bed, just the room. Each had a little twin mattress shoved in there with a (second hand) dresser, and they shared a closet. Tony had seen for himself when Steve had gone to get him a blanket out of the top of said closet. James walked out wearing boxers and one of those white sleeveless undershirts, a bundle of clothes in his hands.
Tony tries to socialize and sabotages himself. He and Steve have quality bonding time, and we finally learn more about Bucky's filthy mouth. Basically, the title says it all.
Tony smiled. “The good ones are.”
Bucky just chuckled as he moved to quietly whisper in Tony’s ear. “I love you, and you’re wonderful.”
The men around them laughed at their Captain’s sarcastic response to Tony’s heartfelt announcement, but Tony knew everything Steve wasn’t saying, so he played the game.
Almost immediately, Tony’s hands were running over his arms, and Bucky sighed at the light touch. He’d craved this. The stolen moments and gentle caresses he’d shared with Steve and Tony the past two days had barely filled his need for this. His body still hurt, and Bucky was so relieved that he got to stop pretending that he was OK. He wanted to curl up in Tony’s lap and be held and soothed and taken care of. He was so thankful that Tony had gotten them this room so they could have this.
At that Bucky sprung off his too thin military mattress and stood with clenched fists, staring the other man down. He’d noticed Dugan and several others had stood as well. Bucky was about to tear the guy a new asshole, but it was Dugan that spoke first.
“Thanks, Cap,” he smiled, a perplexed look still on his face.
“You were doing something,” Natasha sassed, flashing Steve a smile.
“I really don’t think that’s true,” he shook his head, “but okay.”
“Anytime,” Steve called out easily, and he meant it.
“I call bullshit,” Tony looked annoyed. “I’m serious, Bruce, don’t mess with me.”
“I mean exactly that- are you dressing up?”
“Mr. Stark ate at approximately 6:39 a.m., Captain. I have reminded him every four hours to eat, and he has ignored me.”
“Alright, kids,” Tony began to exit the room. “I’ve got about a billion things to do, so I’ll be in my workshop. I’ll see you all tonight for movie night,” he smiled, shooting a look at Steve before exiting the room.
“I’m not gonna do anything, Nat. Tony and I are just friends.”
“Friends don’t cuddle," she rolled her eyes at him.
“Night, Tony,” Steve responded, seeming to be close to sleep.
Sorry for the weird POV shifts in this chapter...I'm just kind of rolling with it. Also, I was going to wait longer to post another chapter, but I couldn't resist!
“Okay, fine, continuing…Just like we’re going to continue this later,” Tony smiled, turning his chair back around to continue working. Steve went up to spar with a goofy grin on his face, which he hoped would stay for a long time.
“You’re making dinner?”
“Nothing, really, I just,” he lingered by the door, and Tony looked up to see that he was holding two white fast food cups with straws in his hands. “I just brought you a milkshake,” he smiled sheepishly, looking like he regretted it but didn’t want to leave. Tony loved it when Steve blushed. Encouraged it fully.
“Movie night, Steve,” she smiled at him again, starting to leave the room. She turned around at the last second, “please, just keep the PDA to a minimum,” she winked, leaving the room. That left Steve, standing there sweaty from his workout, his heart racing and his head spinning. Did Tony really have feelings for him?
"Tony, I really think th-"
“Yeah, Steve?”
When the next movie night rolled around, which was typically the only time that they were all together at once other than missions and occassionally breakfast, Tony was ready. He thought about what Bruce had said, and he was ready to show Steve that there was no reason to be nervous. Truly, Tony thought it was ridiculous that Steve, in all of his patriotic glory, would ever be nervous around Tony in the first place. Tony knew that Steve liked to get there after him, so he made sure he was early. He waited around and chatted with Thor and Clint, which was almost as mind-numbing as it sounded.
“I’m not following,” Steve prodded, flipping a pancake.
“I know, you’re right. I’m just waiting for the right moment.” Bruce came in after that and Steve had his tea kettle ready for him, and Clint and Thor came in and out after that. Like always, Steve and Natasha were the last ones in the kitchen. Natasha noticed that Steve had a full cup of coffee sitting on the counter as he cleaned up, and shook her head.
“It was good. I mean, not that anything happened, Tony has been dead asleep since you saw him, but it was just nice to have him there, you know?” Steve felt like he was gushing and avoided her gaze, focusing on his cooking. Natasha said nothing and they enjoyed companionable silence for a few minutes until Bruce and Clint came in.
The kiss wasn't rushed or dirty, and there was no tongue or movement, it was simply their lips resting against each other in a way they showed all of their love and emotions.
“He might as well be. Seriously, what happened last night?”
“He got in after breakfast. I was talking with him, and I said I was cooking and he wanted me to show him,” Steve shrugged, and Tony couldn’t help but think about how those big toned shoulders would feel in his hands.
