“Isn’t the expression “
Jack paused in the hall, dithering. He knew he should do what Cas said. He knew it wouldn’t do him good to listen. But at the same time, he still felt so irate, his heart beating too quickly. He knew he wouldn’t be able to relax. He wanted to know what Dean would say, if he was really that mad at Jack, if he…
“Oh,” said Dean.
– no-one else’s. And I thought you knew that; I thought you agreed. I thought… I thought better of you, Dean. But perhaps that was a mistake.”
“Very British,” Dean remarked. “Makes sense.”
Dean’s glare felt like a hammer, pinning Jack down, smashing him to smithereens. He felt very small all of a sudden.
“What do you use it for?” he asked.
“I was thinking some kind of game.” Dean cut him off very quickly – Jack noticed he’d gone rather red, and had started fidgeting with his hands. He wondered if he should comment on it but somehow, he had a feeling that it probably wouldn’t be wise.
“Yeah. Uh… that’s – that’s kind of the point I was making,” Dean said; then shook his head. “So. Smoothies, huh?” He didn’t sound particularly impressed.
hard,” he confided in Cas, anxiously.
It was true. Jack had spent quite a bit of time practising saying various rhymes quickly.
“No, I – um, I was trying to make marmalade. And I think I might have made a bit of a mistake.”
“I’m sure it is.”
He focused on the water in front of him; concentrated, and used his grace to heat it up, just a wee bit more. Soon, it was bubbling nicely – perfect! He carried on focusing his powers until the bubbles got larger – water was meant to turn into gas at a certain temperature, but he managed to keep the molecules together just enough not to let the bubbles float off. He’d never seen bubbles so large, not made of water – almost as big as the oranges! It looked fascinating. For a moment he thought about getting Cas, just to show him – but this was meant to be a surprise.
“Have you told
“What’s going on?” came Sam’s voice, sounding bleary from lack of sleep. Jack looked round to face him. He was wearing his dressing-gown and looked very irritated. “Jack?”
“You’re brave enough to talk to Cas, though,” said Jack. “That’s
relate to the bear so much.”
“It’s working!” said Jack. “It’s like what Paddington Bear does. Doing something kind – it makes people like you.”
“Didn’t think there was any point,” said Dean. “It was nearly morning anyway. And all the mess took quite some clearing up.”
“Gordon Ramsay would,” said Jack. “He’d probably say -”
“We’ll supervise,” said Cas. “We can assist you if you really need it. But wouldn’t you like to learn how to do it for yourself?”
Jack wondered whether it would be possible just to stay in his room for the whole day. Or forever, even – right now, that seemed like a pretty good option. At least he’d never have to face Sam or Dean again. He could just read, or watch TV, or… pretend he didn’t exist. Like Harry Potter did for the Dursleys. Just do his own thing, have fun, not to be a
He looked at the instructions. It suddenly started to occur to him that making marmalade looked quite complicated. There were a lot of different steps. You had to wash the oranges and jars, and then boil them (only the oranges, not the jars, he told himself), and take out the liquid somehow and then chop the oranges… there was something about a muslin bag. What was a muslin bag? There hadn’t been anything about that in
Jack opened his mouth to explain, but Dean quickly said, “You and I, Cas. I think we need to have a talk. Later today. After we’ve finished helping Jack with the whole marmalade thing.”
Dean did at times seem to be rooting for the villain – the failed actor and master of disguise - slightly
Dean unfroze in an instant. “Jack – hey, Jack!“ he said, running over to sit next to him. “What’s the matter? It’s okay – it’s just a broken jar. It could be worse.”
At that moment, there was a noise from the hall – footsteps, and quite a bit of grumbling. Jack stiffened; Cas must have seen the fear in his eyes, because he rubbed Jack’s arm again.
“He was putting in quite a
damage.
Jack didn’t want to answer; but Dean was still lingering in the doorway, waiting. He didn’t look angry anymore. He looked like he really wanted to hear what Jack had to say.
“It won’t. You’ll see.”
Neither Cas or Dean complained.
“Probably,” said Dean. “But I’ll just have to pluck up the courage, won’t I? It’s about time.”
Cas seemed to have an inkling of what he was thinking about. “If you’re worried about yesterday,” he said. “I’m sure Dean will have cooled off a bit now. Come to his senses.”
And he was such a sweet bear. All he wanted was to find a home, help people and eat marmalade.
Jack nodded; he didn’t quite trust himself to speak. He had a strange feeling that he was about to burst into tears – though he wasn’t exactly sure why.
have to put up with.
“You’ve got better things to do,” said Jack. “It takes ages – the recipe says. That’s why I tried to use my angel powers – I wanted it to be quicker. And you need all sorts of things – oranges and sugar, and jam jars… and you, you threw them all away.”
“Well, yeah. I – wait. Dinner. Fuck!” Dean jumped up, ran towards the door. At the last minute he turned round and added, “Sorry about the language.
Realisation, then sympathy, came over Sam’s face. “Ah.”
“Morning, Dean!” she said, obliviously cheerful. Dean marched past her without answering. Eileen made a face. “What’s got to him?” she asked. She looked round at the rest of them, all still sitting rather awkwardly at the table.
Jack looked. Dean was holding up a rather shabby, navy blue duffel coat.
“Couldn’t you just use your angel powers to do that kind of thing?” Dean asked.
“I was thinking more along the lines of starting major apocalypses, unleashing demons, banishing all the angels from heaven,” said Cas, looking slightly sheepish. “That sort of thing. We’ve all of us been guilty one way or another. Compared to that, what’s a little fire in the kitchen really?”
Jack thought about the
The shop-bought jar of marmalade was still sitting, unopened, on the shelf above Jack’s bed. It was yellow and slimy and had a sticker on it with a long list of chemicals which Jack was sure Cas would be able to identify by taste if he ever tried it.
“I was just trying to make marmalade,” he said again, his voice slightly shaky. “I just wanted it to be a surprise -”
Jack didn’t answer. Cas gave him a sympathetic look; patted the chair next to him for Jack to sit down.
“And maybe you should talk to him about it. About what he said before he got taken.”
“Uh… yeah. I agree.” Sam nodded, though he was starting to look slightly panicked at the situation that was developing.
of practise,” said Dean. “I mean, I get wanting to perfect a skill – but this was getting a bit obsessive.”
“Have you made up with him yet?” Jack asked, cautiously. “I didn’t want you to fight because of me. I felt terrible about it.”
give the owl a proper funeral. I’m sure Jack would enjoy it.”
“And I broke it,” said Jack. “
“You could talk to Cas!” said Jack, helpfully. “You know, like you said earlier that you were going to. About -”
“I have to admit,” said Dean, “That smells
you. And if you’ve ever been made to feel otherwise, then – then that’s on me. Not you.”
“I didn’t mean to cause trouble,” said Jack. “I really didn’t. And now you’ve fallen out with Dean, and it’s all my fault…”
Cas didn’t reply; just raised his eyebrows and reached for a glass of his own. But when Dean looked up to check for his reaction, he suddenly realised that Jack was glaring at him. It was a fierce glare, the exact opposite of Jack’s usual sunny smiles, very angry and very deliberate.
“I don’t know about that,” said Dean. “And you’re not to go looking for them, right? I don’t want you getting yourself lost, or cursed, or – or somehow sent to an alternate universe…”
well. You do things for the right reasons. And that’s what really matters. You’re a good kid, Jack. A great kid, actually –
, Dean thought, as always.
“Did it.” Dean said dryly. “Yeah, well, call me old-fashioned, but personally, I don’t trust any kind of drink that has vegetables in it. That just shouldn’t be allowed. Right, Cas?”
Dean didn’t show his face for the rest of the morning. In fact, he seemed to have completely disappeared from the bunker. And when Jack went down to the garage to check, his car was gone, too.
“It is,” said Cas, smiling slightly. “I’m glad to have him.” Then he added, “Perhaps we
“No,” said Jack, thoughtfully. He resisted the urge to tilt his head – he’d found himself doing so, lately, when he thought about things too much, the way Cas always did. Dean had pointed it out, thought it was hilarious. It had made Jack feel slightly self-conscious. “But then, like you said, I have only been alive for four years. I haven’t really had the chance to try that many things.”
be mad at me.”
Or when Mr Brown said to his wife, without knowing Paddington was secretly listening in, that Paddington was a danger to the family.
He raised his eyebrows when he saw the remnants of the mess of the night before, but he didn’t say anything; just helped himself to some fruit from the fridge and started chopping it up.
“I don’t understand,” said Jack, tilting his head again without meaning to.
, and…” He hesitated, his voice beginning to shake again. “It’s all my fault,” he said. “I was just trying to do something nice, and it all went wrong, and…”
him. Cas was the one Dean had apologised to, really. Cas was the one he’d wanted to make up with.
“Jack’s being very careful, actually,” Cas said pointedly. “We’re wearing gloves – see?”
“You can do it,” said Jack. “I’m sure you can. You’re the bravest person I’ve ever met.”
Cas shook his head. “We may have supervised a bit – but all the difficult parts, the important parts? That was all you.”
“I’m glad we’ve got him,” said Jack.
Jack shook his head. “I think I’ve gone off Paddington,” he said. He couldn’t help remembering Dean’s comments the day before – about whatever other weird ideas Jack could get from watching movies, and the trouble they could make him get into. He didn’t want to do even
“All right, Dean,” said Cas, not even questioning it. Dean nodded, absent-mindedly bending back his fingers so far his knuckles cracked.
time’s the charm”?” Cas asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You don’t have to,” said Dean. “I’ve just been thinking. Some of the stuff he said, before he… well. Before he got taken by the Empty. He kind of… kind of poured out his heart to me.”
. But he’s never liked me. And he’s going to be so, so mad -”
“Ex-actly.” Dean nodded, grinning widely. “So? Whadd’ya think?”
There's one more chapter after this - I'll try to have it up around Thursday, but I'm travelling up to Scotland to get vaccinated this week so I'll have to see how much time I have to edit.
know whatever stunt he’s going to pull next, what damage he’s going to do, and that’s the problem. Because we can’t trust him. Sometimes I really do start to feel like he’s taking after his father.”
“Just because Dean’s decided to act like an
“Exactly. And Dean will see that when he actually thinks about it.”
“Let’s be optimistic,” said Dean. “Anyway. Jack. How are your hands – not
Dean nodded, smiling slightly. “Yeah. We are.”
Jack had just taken it down and was absentmindedly tossing it between his hands like a juggling ball (with a bit of help from his angel powers) when the door suddenly opened. Startled, Jack looked up – the jar floated, suspended, in mid-air.
“It comes from the ground, right?” said Sam. “And it’s edible. I think you’ll find that makes it a vegetable.”
“Oh, go on, then,” he said. “Have your fun. If it helps us with the next batch of demonic bees or whatever, we can put up with it. Go ahead.”
“You’re our son,” said Cas. “You’re worth it.”
There were times, now, more and more often. When he caught a glimpse of Cas’s fond eyes watching him. When Dean announced that he was taking him out on a surprise outing, just the two of them. When Jack got stung trying too hard to make friends with the bees, and Cas spent hours helping him to dig out the stings, so gently it almost didn’t hurt anymore. When a woman at the grocery store swore at Jack one day because he was spending too long dithering, and Dean yelled at her so furiously that Sam hid in another aisle and pretended he didn’t know him. Or in the evenings when one of them, one of his dads, would open Jack’s bedroom door just a crack, just to peer in and make sure he was okay. There were times like that, more and more often, when Jack would feel that knot inside him loosen slightly.
And that’s when it happened.
“Whoops,” he said out loud.
Jack frowned. This he wasn’t sure whether or not he should comment. He narrowed his eyes at Dean, confused.
“I liked the bear,” he told Cas.
There was a loud snigger from the other end of the kitchen. Dean looked up sharply. “Is that so?” asked Sam.
“A “bit of a mess”? It was a damn lot more than that, Cas. And what’ll it be next, eh?”
“Since when do you read articles about childcare?”
, that it would be a good idea to use your powers to make the stove hotter? Just look at the kitchen – look at what you’ve done!” He gestured wildly to the mess – smoke still coming from the stove, marmalade and melted metal all over the surfaces. And the wall. And the ceiling. It did look pretty bad, when he put it like that.
Then they carried it through to the main room where Cas and Claire were, and Jack made everyone try some. And, even though it really
“Maybe. Probably should.” Dean said, shortly. Then he added, “That’s just typical. You’re four years old, but you’re smarter about this shit than I am.”
“Maybe,” said Jack, doubtfully.
“You’ve done a pretty darn good job there,” said Dean.
Jack nodded.
“We still are friends,” said Cas. “And I think we always will be. We’ve been through a lot together. So we’re allowed to call one another out sometimes when we thing the other one is being unreasonable.”
“Maybe…” said Jack. “How do you get the bees?” He had a vision of sitting in the backseat of the Impala, holding a box of angry buzzing bees on his lap and trying frantically to hold on to the lid so none of them would get out.
“At least I only wrecked one room, I guess,” said Jack. “Paddington Bear flooded his whole house.”
None of the ingredients were oranges or sugar.
“Quality time, Cas,” said Dean. “Remember?”
“What?” Cas asked, even more wary now.
of us. So you don’t have to worry. We’re doing this together.”
“Yeah… you probably don’t wanna do that,” said Dean. “Just watch for the bubbles, then turn it down. And afterwards, we wait while the oranges cook.”
movies. It had been nice of Dean to drive all the way back to the grocery store to get it from him – even if it
“You’re mad at me,” Dean was saying. He sounded slightly stunned.
“Uh, Jack? You good?” Dean asked, resisting the urge to shiver.
“Hey – Hey!” said Cas. “Breathe with me. It’s going to be fine. We’ll sort it out – I promise you the kitchen is
“It won’t matter,” said Dean. “Or, you know – we’ll deal with it. This time, whatever goes wrong, it’ll be down to
“I’ll clean it up,” he said.
much that it was a strange, artificial yellow, smooth as slime, and generally very different-looking from the marmalade in the
Dean found the coat at a car boot sale, a few weeks later. He was trying to get hold of parts for the record player he’d started fixing up as a birthday present for Claire. But the moment he saw the coat, his eyes lit up.
movie in the end. He watched it with Cas, about a week later. Sam and Eileen were also there, but they were only half paying attention. They were busy playing some kind of texting game on their phones, which caused them to break out into fits of laughter at sporadic moments and Cas to turn round and glare at them pointedly.
But suddenly, Jack was sobbing properly, uncontrollably, the way four-year-olds were supposed to.
. Saying,
“Even muslin bags?” Jack asked, doubtfully.
“Oh – it’s not about the mess,” said Dean. “It’s just – I’ve got a surprise for you, Jack.” Dean looked suddenly very excited. Cas, on the other hand, began to look slightly wary.
– mess up!” he said. “I can’t get
“No, he’s not,” said Cas firmly, and he stepped in front of Jack, between him and Dean. “He’s going to his room, and
But the thought of staying in his room forever seemed rather bleak and boring and lonely. Especially if it meant never seeing Cas again. And he
“It’s just a movie,” Cas had said, gently. “You can pick anything you like.”
get you another jar when we’re in town,” Dean said. “So you can, you know. Do your Paddington Bear thing.”
“I – always – mess – everything up!” Jack managed to choke out.
the things I’ve faced over all these years. And this is just – talking to Cas.”
“Because of the deal he made?” Jack asked. “To save me? He… let himself be happy?”
” Dean stopped rubbing his back. He stared at him. “I don’t hate you, Jack. Of course I don’t!”
Jack stood, stock still, as Dean shoved the door open and stood, surveying the scene. For a moment, he looked like he was lost for words. “What – what. The hell. Happened?”
“Going to try it on, then?” Dean asked.
Jack realised he was still breathing unevenly; and his face felt very hot. “But… but the kitchen!” he said. “I’ve got to tidy up…”
So they buried the stuffed owl, and its stern face with it. And Dean was happy to sit through all the various speeches and musical numbers Cas and Jack prepared, just knowing that was one particular Hard Stare he
Jack, Cas and Dean make marmalade together!
“I think my Hard Stare might have been a bit
I don’t hate you.”
“When parents have kids,” said Dean, “They’re supposed to love them unconditionally. Do you know what that means?”
Jack had been rather hoping he wouldn’t ask that question. He dropped his gaze from Sam’s, stared at the ground. “Me,” he admitted.
“10 oranges and… sugar?” Dean raised his eyebrows. “I thought you were going to ask for, I don’t know, one of those sugary cereals that always make Sam look like he’s having an aneurysm when he sees you eating them. What the hell do you want with oranges?”
. It’s
“That’s not true. How d’you know that?!”
“Yeah,” muttered Jack, dismally. “Yeesh.”
Dean’s face was still cold, neutral, and Jack felt his heart sink. This wasn’t how it was supposed to be, it wasn’t how he’d imagined…
movie. We could watch it tonight, if you wanted.”
Dean was giving Jack a strange look. It was almost, he thought, like the way Cas sometimes watched Jack, when he was just going round doing one of his things – reading, or baking, or talking to Miracle the dog, or the bees. It was almost affectionate.
And that meant that Cas properly belonged – he wasn’t just an ally, or a friend, or even an honorary member of the Winchester family. This was his home – these were his people.
But when they got to the kitchen and Cas pushed the door open, Dean was already there. He had bags under his eyes and was busy with a dust-pan and a knife, trying to scrape metal and marmalade off the counter. He looked up when he saw them, gave a slightly awkward nod. Cas gave a nod back – just one, very curt, obligatory nod. The atmosphere was thick enough to cut with a knife.
Hesitantly, Jack looked up. Dean was holding out a jar of marmalade – store-bought, pre-made.
“I’m sorry,” said Jack, a clot in his throat. Somehow, he’d messed up
Before Jack could protest, he’d stood up, flashed Jack a warning look, gone out into the hallway and come back with a dustpan and brush. Within about two seconds, the mess had gone – apart from a few orange marmalade spots still stuck to the carpet.
“It’s Cas,” Dean agreed. “And you’re right. I
Once again sorry for the late update! Trying to get the balance between fixing Dean and Jack's relationship a bit, fixing Cas's and Jack's canon endings AND adding in some Destiel stuff all in one chapter turned out to be harder than I expected (hmm, maybe I should just blame the spn finale for leaving everything such a mess so I can't just write a fluffy little Paddington Bear fic in peace!).
, he thinks as he moves to pull his chair out from under the desk to sink into, facing Jack but struggling to look at him. He’s failed Cas’s son,
His eyes are burning as the tears spill onto his face, scalding hot as they trail down his cheeks. There’s a loud keening noise and takes him a while to realise it's coming from him, that the wounded animal in the kitchen is
It’s not far, but it's enough of a distance that Dean finds himself starting to relax the further he drives. It’s always been his comfort, something mindless to get lost in but pleasant enough to enjoy. Miracle stands on the passenger seat beside him, front paws perched on the door, tongue lolling out as he keeps his head pressed window. Originally, Dean had no intention of letting Miracle sit in the front seat, but then that small bit of anger at Sam had flared up and Dean let the dog sit in Sam’s usual seat as a small form of retaliation.
“It's rude to talk about someone when they’re in the same room, you know,” Dean says petulantly as he moves his hands to scrub at his face before crossing his arms. Sam doesn’t rise to the bait though as he turns back around and takes a hesitant step into the room.
voice that he pulls his hands away, blinking sluggishly as he sees her standing over him with her arms firmly crossed and a glare on her face.
Dean opens his mouth to respond, only to find that nothing comes out as he realises he’s not entirely sure how to answer Sam. It should be easy, just say he’s looking for ways to bring Cas home, but he finds that there is a whole lot more sitting beneath those simple words.
He can’t bring himself to go any further around the corner where he knows Cas’s own room is, just on the other side of Jack’s. He can feel his hands shaking where they hang at his sides, and he thinks it's enough, this is all been enough. He hears Sam’s footsteps up the way in the library and he knows he can’t face his brother right now.
It’s just the Shadow, he has to remind himself, and he pushes away the urge to rub his suddenly aching chest.
Only to see Cas avoiding his eyes, a blush on his cheeks, and Dean’s mouth drops open.
But Sam just turns around in his seat and stares at Dean over the headrest as he shakes his head. “We have to talk about this,” he insists. “What the hell is going on?”
Miracle doesn’t follow, preferring to stay sleeping underneath the table in the kitchen, and Dean walks slowly back to his room. He spots Sam in the library briefly as he goes past, hears the sound of him talking to someone on the phone in a seemingly hot debate, but he doesn’t linger for very long.
be the chance Dean has been so desperate for, the moment he’s waited and waited for since Cas had looked at him with that broken tearful smile as the Empty had stolen him away.
It must have been hours by the time something changes. A small dot appears in front of him, and Dean narrows his eyes as he picks up his pace. He’s practically jogging by the time he gets close enough to see it's a person standing with their back to him, and he’s
The Shadow laughs and laughs. “You can’t stop it,” it sneers, “and that's the beautiful part.”
They’re everywhere.
Dean leans over Sam’s shoulder, feeling Jack press up against his other side as he looks over the paper too. It’s a mess of words and diagrams, a large coffee stain leaking down from one of the corners, and Dean stares at it for a long moment as he tries to make sense of it all.
He’s breathless after the first, choking after the second, and by the third he’s gritting his teeth hard enough that he’s sure his jaw will snap under the pressure as his eyes start to well with sharp stinging tears. The darkness moves around him, suffocating as it closes in. Each step feels like he’s wading through-hardened cement as the darkness pushes him back, swelling in from all sides.
He doesn’t know how much time goes by. Soon he doesn’t feel the cold, soon his mind falls quiet as his hands sit loosely in his lap and he stares at the blank wall. His phone keeps buzzing but it doesn’t register anymore. He’s exhausted, bone-weary in a way he’s never been before in his life.
has Dean pulling back, sitting bolt upright in the darkness as he looks around, the light from the hallway peaking under the crack in the door just enough as he scrabbles for the bedside lamp. Cas doesn’t move though and, after he flicks on the lamp, Dean turns back to look down at him.
, and he lets out a small gasp of pain as Cas suddenly
The emotion that's been sitting there so heavy on his chest since the moment Cas said those words, the realisation that’s been behind every action and every word since Dean heard them since Cas was taken by the Empty, the one that’s had Dean on his knees as it has destroyed him over and
He swallows back the emotions creeping up from his chest, forcing them down as he feels the desperate need to get out of here right
looking for him.” It’s smile is too sharp, it’s teeth too pointed. “And that includes talking to him or any other delightful little loophole I can see you’re already trying to think of.”
Miracle is waiting on the other side of the door when he opens it, sitting down and looking up at him with those big soulful eyes. He crouches down to give his ears a good scratch. “You like me again, huh?” he asks, and if dogs could roll their eyes then he’s sure Miracle would.
Now isn’t the time to be thinking about all of this, he tells himself. Now is the moment to go back and read those last few books and hope to every single deity out there that there will be something written in all those pages that there is a way of bringing Cas back.
to show that Cas… that this was his
But that curiosity and the need to do
But Sam’s gaze is
Sam hasn’t.
Both of them, side by side, as they laugh and
Sam quickly gets up, pushing back from Dean’s desk as his chair scrapes across the ground loudly and he moves to perch on the edge of Dean’s bed, his back pressing up against Dean’s knees. He reaches out and wraps his hand around Dean’s wrist, and Dean’s heart continues to thud painfully as he waits with bated breath.
He twists the comforter until it hurts, and Cas’s hand is a stark contrast on his wrist where the warmth of his fingers are pressed to the gentle thud of Dean’s pulse. He takes comfort in it, tightening his grip around Cas’s wrist as he pushes himself to continue.
He’s sitting up in his bed, clad in a pair of Dean’s own pajamas with Jack perched on a chair by his bedside. The two falter in their conversation as they turn to the door, Cas’s eyes lock with Dean’s and suddenly all Dean can focus on is the way Cas’s mouth drops opens just the slightest and his eyes widen by just a fraction.
that, Dean. Cas loved you too much for-”
. The only thing that pops up about the Empty is a small blurb written by Sam, a quick detailing of what kind of place it is, and Dean sees Sam has used Cas’s words. It’s useless though, so Dean enters the next keyword and the next and skims everything that pops up.
he can. Sam looks the most hesitant of them all, Jack somehow hiding all his emotions behind that serene mask he’s adopted, and Eileen is the one drawing it to their attention that they’ve come this far. Throwing everything away because Dean is terrified to enter the Empty would not only be a waste, but it would also guarantee that they’ll never see Cas again.
It’s so
“That’s bullshit.”
you him. I can’t make it that easy.” It smirks at Dean, the expression horrid on Billie’s face. “After all, you have just threatened me. I couldn’t possibly let you get away with that.”
When he looks up this time, the rift is glowing brightly in front of him, the gold glistening as the red still holds the black at bay. He would let out a cry of relief if he had anything left in him, but it takes the last of his energy to stumble forward those last few inches as he reaches out, determined to touch the rift.
That’s exactly why Dean loves his brother, and he lets himself give Sam a small smile back. It feels foreign on his face, but it makes something in Sam’s eyes flash and his smile becomes a little less tense for a moment before he gets up and puts a reassuring hand on Dean’s shoulder.
He feels something brush against his legs, and Dean glances down to see Miracle nudging against them whilst looking up with those soulful brown eyes. Dean crouches down, curling his fingers into the long fur at the nape of the dog's neck, surprised to find it damp as Miracle leans into his touch.
Sam laughs, and it surprises Dean. He glances over his shoulder to see Sam placing his coffee down and scrubbing his hands over his face. He doesn’t call attention to it though and just places the full bowl down on the ground as Miracle hurtles towards it with gusto.
He rolls his shoulders and takes in a long shuddering breath before he focuses on turning the door handle, listening for the clicking sound of the lock retracting back, and he stands still for a long moment with the door half-open.
He settles down on the edge of Jack’s bed, frowning when he notices a familiar piece of fabric tucked under the pillows. Hot dogs printed on black, and he can’t help the laugh that spills out his mouth as he finds out where his favourite pajama pants have migrated to.
In saying that, the shower is completely worth it. The room is a little foggy and damp so he’s assuming Sam has already been here, going by the recently used fancy shampoos he always makes fun of him for, but it just means its already warm as he settles under the decently pressured shower and takes a long shuddering breath of relief.
Sam stands up, hauling Jack with him as he glances between the two of them. “Yes,” he says, firmly accompanied by a nod. “I mean,” Sam purses his lips for a moment, “I can’t guarantee anything, Dean, but with Jack’s help I think… I think we just might be able to manage it.”
It’s actually kind of fun, shopping for a dog. It’s something else to focus on,
Dean doesn’t hesitate in pulling Jack forward, wrapping his arms around the kid and he feels Jack grasp him back desperately with fists balling up Dean’s shirt. It makes sense, why Jack hasn’t been around. It's not just who he is now, but the guilt he must be carrying, guilt that he shouldn’t be feeling and it makes Dean just hold Jack even closer.
Sam’s been looking. Of course, Sam’s been looking. It’s
Dean follows shortly, with Jack bringing up the rear, and he looks around the empty streets with a heavy heart. Jack had said he could bring everyone back, or he could at the very least try, but he doesn’t know. He wants to believe so badly, but when he looks over at Jack he can’t help but doubt.
So he takes a step, and then another and another until he’s standing at the door and he pauses because Cas’s blood is on there, the ward drawn carefully where it's stained the door. Dean’s hand trembles as he reaches out and presses his hand flat against it, staring at the contrast of his white hand against the deep red, before he pulls back to settle his hand over his shoulder where he knows there's a matching red handprint staining his jacket.
“Oh, you humans are an odd race,” the Shadow croons as it starts to prowl around Dean again. “I’ve only met an unfortunate few… but the ones I have are so
it doesn’t mean he couldn’t be wrong now. Dean spent too much time around Chuck to be deluded into thinking any deity is all-knowing, no matter how much he might wish it were the case.
This could be
“Be careful.” Sam smiles, fragile and worried but with a strength Dean takes comfort in. “And bring him home.”
“We’re almost there, Eileen.” He tries to sign along with his words, but he’s barely gotten the grasp of it. “Maybe we can skip today.”
There’s something wet poking at his hand where it sits on the seat, and he glances down to see the dog from before sitting beside him, nosing at his hand before looking up with his head quirked to the side. Dean can barely see him as his eyes get blurrier and blurrier but, as Sam slides in front of the steering wheel and rocks the car with the slamming of his door, he reaches out to bury his hand in the long fur and pulls the dog close.
“No,” Dean agrees, and Cas’s eyes flicker away. “I don’t.” He reaches out, touches Cas’s cheek and gently turns his head back. “But I want to, Cas.”
Then there’s Jack, who sidles up beside Dean and he doesn’t hesitate in wrapping an arm around the kid to haul him close. He drops his chin on Jack’s head and squeezes his shoulder, smiling when Jack leans into him with a deep sigh.
Dean doesn’t know how long he stands in the one place. He lifts his watch and waits, but he’s not surprised to see the hands don’t move once. It like time doesn’t even seem to be a concept here. It’s not like either Cas or Jack talked about their stints here either, nor had Dean wanted to ask, so he doesn’t exactly have much to go on.
Dean knows exactly what to say as he spreads his hands out. “Silence,” he offers, “and sleep.”
Dean laughs again, shaking his head at how
,” he repeats venomously.
It’s with dawning horror that Dean realises he’s
Sam just continues to stare at him for a moment before he turns around and hands the grocery bags he’s holding to Eileen. He signs something at her when his hands are free, Dean catches his name as one of them, and he frowns at his brother’s back as Eileen glances around Sam before nodding and disappearing with Miracle trotting behind her.
when he does the same.
Because losing Cas? Dean doesn’t think he can keep doing that.
“Is he okay?”
Sam shakes his head. “Dean, I don’t think you’re in the right space at the moment to be left on your own.”
to not give a lending hand.”
Unfortunately, there’s not a lot going at the moment. Hopefully, Sam is getting groceries, and Dean settles for pulling out a couple of slices of bread and a container of peanut butter, before making a detour to the fridge for some jelly. Nothing quite like a PB&J sandwich to tide him over until later.
“And when you say the ‘other day’, you mean..?” Sam asks and Dean winces in response, causing Sam’s eyes to narrow as he pauses in cleaning the book.
makes Dean frown and he tilts his head to the side in confusion. “Sam, I…” But nothing else comes out. He thought Sam would be mad at him, furious and disgusted, and while that’s not exactly off the cards right now, it looks like his wrath is pointed elsewhere as Sam opens and closes his fists on top of the table and glares somewhere past Dean’s shoulder.
“Yeah, Dean,” Sam says in a rush, and his eyes are watery as he rubs Dean’s arm. “It worked. He’s back.”
“Jack, it’s time,” Sam says, jarring Dean from his thoughts. Jack nods, swallows thickly, before he steps forward and takes a simple knife that Sam is holding out to him.
Finally, he makes it back to the impala with his trolley load of stuff. Miracle is going nuts as Dean unloads everything into the boot, hopping around the car with too much energy. Dean reckons the dog needs a walk but, by the time he’s put the trolley away and sunken into the driver's seat, he’s feeling a bone-deep exhaustion as droplets of rain start to patter on his windscreen.
Small hands rest on his shoulders, Eileen’s, as Sam’s own wrap around Dean's wrists and try to bring his hands down from his face. Dean resists though, presses his palms painfully hard against his eyes, and swallows back the anger and misery creeping up the back of his throat.
The rush of relief would’ve knocked his knees out from under him had he been standing, and Dean lets out a breathless laugh as he leans forward to push his face against Sam’s shoulder. He laughs until he’s not laughing anymore, until Sam’s arms come up to loop around him firmly as Dean lets out gut-wrenching sobs, as the sheer exhaustion he feels on a bone-deep level threatens to drag him down. Sam’s grip around him is the only thing keeping him tethered to reality as his throat aches and his shoulders shake violently.
, and he runs his fingers over them as he thinks that there are two names missing.
Sam starts to tug on his arm. “Come on, Dean,” he says into his ear, voice hard like an order. Dean lets himself be pulled towards the impala, his boots scuffing on the concrete as he barely lifts his legs, and he doesn’t argue when Sam opens the backdoor and pushes him down onto the backseat.
Sam and Eileen are both in the library pouring over books when Dean sticks his head in briefly. Sam looks up, eyes a bit crazed, and Dean just mutters quietly that Jack will be staying in his room for the night. There’s a long moment where they just look at each other, Sam’s face softening to one of the matching guilt Dean feels sitting right beneath his ribs, and Dean just
Eileen steps up next, the vial of demon blood uncorked and in her hand, and she joins in Sam’s chanting as she tips it up and the blood sloughs out. It turns the liquid a flaming red for a brief moment before it sizzles down to that disgusting black again.
Luckily, the woman isn’t interested in a conversation, and Dean stands on the other side with his foot tapping impatiently as she bags his goods. He looks out the windows lining one of the walls and spots Miracle in the impala not far away, and it manages to deflate some of the rising tension in his shoulders.
“It’s not…” Jack shakes his head. “I don’t mean to be ungrateful but this- this isn’t what I wanted for myself.”
But then his phone is vibrating in his hand again and Dean knows it's time to go. It's time to fix this, to right this wrong. With a heavy deep breath, he stands back on his own two feet and swipes to accept the call, muttering Sam’s name with a raspy voice as he takes one last sweep of the room, eyes lingering briefly on the blank wall and cold floor.
Sam doesn’t say a word from the front seat as Dean pushes his face into the dog’s side, trying to hold himself together as a single guttural sob rips up his throat and pushes out into the air of the car, as he collapses on the backseat and lets his body silently shake and shake.
Almost reluctantly, Sam turns his attention back to Dean, that smile slowly disappearing. “We haven’t decided yet.”
He’s going to lose Jack. Already, he’s lost Cas, and now
Sam grins, eyes still concerned but at least he looks
Part of Dean wants to snap about how
Once again though, there’s nothing in the room. Even the break in the dust-line on Cas’s bedside table has gone, covered up by a new layer that’s settled evenly. The room smells old and unused, and Dean stands with his arms hanging uselessly by his sides in the middle as he looks for something,
Dean takes a bite of his sandwich, chewing thoughtfully as he watches Miracle before it hits him, mid-bite, and suddenly the bread turns to cardboard in his mouth and the peanut butter becomes too sticky and the jelly too sweet.
“Better?” The Shadow asks mockingly. It’s Dean’s face on Cas’s body and Dean wants out of here, away from the horrible monstrosity in front of him, and he has to force himself to stay still even as the horror rips up his spine and urges him to
Dean nods, hears the Empty pushing against the rift behind him. He takes a shuddering breath and one last look at the others. At Jack, at Eileen, before finally Sam.
She kicks out with her foot, pressing it sharply against his side and he knows now where the sudden pain came from. “Get up,” she repeats, and Dean twists up his nose as he pushes her leg away.
Dean looks at Sam, his breath coming out ragged as fear wells in his chest and he lets go of the knife with trembling hands.
“There was something else,” Dean says hesitantly, his voice quiet, and Sam’s head snaps up in response. His stare is hard and questioning, and Dean feels his already frayed nerves have stretched too thin. “Another reason. The nuns were…”
The Shadow laughs. “That’s it.” It’s face shifts suddenly, dead serious as it steps into Dean’s space and it takes everything he has not to stumble backward. “However, if you
Dean clenches his jaw, turning on the spot to keep up with the Shadow as it moves around him. “I said get
“Oh.” Jack pauses beside Dean, his eyes settling on the photo Dean still holds. “He needed my assistance with some parts of the spell he’s creating. Unfortunately, I don’t know a lot about spell work, but I tried as much as I could.”
Sam went to his room and stared at his phone. He wanted more than anything to call Dean or Jess, but neither of them knew about Brady. The only people he knew that knew Brady lived at the old frat and it wouldn't be fair to Brady to talk to them about him. He went through his list of contacts, there were friends from high school, but he hadn't spoken to most of them since graduation and there were relatives and family friends that would probably end up talking to Dean about it. When he hit the end of his list he tossed his phone across his mattress and put his face into his hands. He tried to convince himself he did the right thing, but he couldn't be sure that he did. Either way, he had made his decision and he was going to have to live with it, but that didn't make it hurt any less and it didn't make him want to run to Brady and beg for forgiveness any less either.
Dean walks up to lean against the hood of the impala as he watches the dog do his thing through narrow eyes, the sun hanging low in the afternoon sky. It’s cold outside despite it and he stuffs his hands into his pockets and hunches his shoulders to his ears as the wind bites against his skin. The dog doesn’t seem too affected by it, just appears to be happy as he sniffs the area, and Dean wishes he had the same attitude.
Cas looks weary and hopeful all at once, and Dean leans forward to press their foreheads together. Cas’s breath hitches, something that makes Dean’s chest warm, and Dean moves his hand to cup Cas’s cheek as he feels his own breaths start to catch at their closeness. Cas’s fingers are tight around his wrist, his fingers still pressed to Dean’s pulse, and Dean wonders if he can feel how hard his heart this pumping.
Because he sees her knowing looks, the way her eyes flick to him when they speak of Cas, feels her hand on his shoulder each time they have to discard a book because it bore nothing of worth. She’s more astute than even he is to his own feelings, and sometimes he finds it suffocating to be made aware of the churning emotions rolling around inside him.
Miracle is of no help, just lolls out his tongue as he gazes up at Dean. Dean huffs as he scratches the dog’s ears before he steps into the room, eyes roving over all the different bookcases. There is a system but for now it's all a little overwhelming. Sam’s laptop is sitting on one of the tables though and Dean makes a beeline for it as he sinks into one of the chairs and pulls the laptop close to him, moving his legs to the side as Miracle slides under the table and settles into his bed Dean had put there for this very reason.
Dean can’t focus on what he says next. He sees Jack’s lips move, can hear Sam responding beside him, but he can’t hear a word as his heart thumps painfully loud in his ears and his mind grinds to a sudden and blank stop. Jack is looking at him, saying something directly
“And what does Drakopoulos have to do with what Jack said?”
. We can do this, man.”
Gabriel’s or Michael’s, and the only reason Dean can tell the difference is Michael’s is an obnoxious gold instead of the usual silver. He’s drawn to it more than Gabriel’s, and he drops the silver one back in the box and wraps his hand tightly around the handle of Michael’s.
“All good?”
He thinks of Cas, and Dean squares his shoulders and nods.
There’s also a note sitting beside the toys, and Dean purses his lips when he sees it's been written by Sam. It simply says ‘
“He’s
“Okay,” he murmurs, his voice weak but slowly building strength as he nods his head. “Okay, lets… let's do this.”
Going back even a month ago, he wouldn’t have even hesitated in buying it. It’s a gaudy pink, glitter in the grooves where the stitching is, and Dean would’ve been filled with glee to put it on Miracle and prance him in front of the others. Sam would’ve groaned and hung his head in his hands but Cas would’ve just looked delightfully confused and done that slight head tilt as he’d narrowed his eyes and…
But there’s not, and Dean realises with a sinking heart that there really is only one option.
“Where?” Dean demands, feeling an ache starting to build in his chest.
He pauses though when he reaches the corridor outside his room, lingers at his door with his eyes locked on the one opposite, the one that leads to Jack’s room. There’s a small curious feeling growing under his ribs, one that’s mixing with the restlessness he feels deep in his bones, and he lowers his hand from where its hovering over his doorknob before he crosses over the hallway.
It’s Eileen who insists he takes Miracle for a walk still, even if Dean had offered it as an out for both her and Sam. Each day she’s shoved Miracle’s lead in his hand and pushed him out of the library with stern instructions not to come back too soon, and Dean really does think that Eileen deserves a lot more credit for her observation skills.
Sam’s fingers curl around it, pushing Dean's away, and Sam gives him a stiff nod with a grim look before he takes the cassette and turns back to the cauldron. Dean’s arm drops back to hang uselessly at his side, his hand feels empty now, and he turns it into a fist and
Dean can’t help but let out a shaky laugh, thankful and embarrassed all at once. “I’ll keep that in mind,” he says, and Eileen laughs with him as she rolls the vial along the table until it hits Sam’s knuckles.
“Was that you?” he asks, and Cas gives him a sheepish look.
Dean snorts. “I think our entire lives so far are proof that we can do a lot,” he points out, and the corner of Sam’s mouth ticks up in a slight smile. Dean leans forward, the edge of the table pressing against his stomach. “Come on, man. Jack wouldn’t lead us astray. There’s got to be something in here.”
Dean knows it is, but it doesn’t matter now. Cas isn’t coming back and there’s no point in rehashing things that have long since gone by. Sam doesn’t need to know about what happened, there’s no reason, and Dean is well aware this crack in his chest is going to be hard enough to mend without having his brother trying to help along the way.
They stay like that until well after those wet tears have subsided, leaving Dean’s neck cool and sticky. Jack’s hands relax where they’re taunt in Dean’s shirt eventually, but he makes no effort to move away, instead pressing his nose into the crook of Dean’s shoulder and leaning almost entirely against him. Dean wonders at the fact he’s holding the literal God in his arms,
When he wakes in the morning, it’s to Cas sitting in his desk chair across from him, and the peace that Dean finds settling in chest is something he never thought he was ever going to feel.
Dean squeezes his hands into tight fists before he reaches for his phone. It's painful to stand up, his body aches and cries in protest, but Dean can’t just sit here and let all the things they’ve fought tooth and nail for just crumble away because Dean can’t think about anything else but the cold hard floor that has kept him rooted to the spot for too long.
It won’t be the first time he’s done it, and he’s
But the temptation to finally go into Cas’s space is overwhelming when Sam mentions maybe airing out his and Jack’s rooms, changing the sheets and gathering all their things together to store away. Dean is convinced Sam says it only to get a rise out of him, its only just gone a month since Cas… but the worse part is that it actually
Dean sinks down onto the bed, Miracle beside him, and looks around the sparse empty room and feels like absolute
Surprisingly, Sam doesn’t launch straight into it though. Instead, he moves into the room and takes a seat at Dean’s desk, straddling the chair as he faces Dean with the bottle of whiskey held in a white-knuckled hand. Dean drops his gaze at the sight.
“You kept him,” Jack says, his voice filled with wonder as Miracle leans into his touch and Jack’s face just
“Hey, what happened to Amara when Chuck…” Sam continues despite it being Dean’s turn to give him a look. Jack doesn’t seem fazed at the question though, even if he takes a moment to respond.
“Is this form bothering you?” It asks, tucking the trench coat around itself as it steps forward and starts to circle Dean. “I could show you my real form, if you’d like.” It shrugs, smiling maliciously, turning Cas’s face up into something Dean never wants to see again. “You might rip out your own eyes though. That would be embarrassing.”
So Dean leaves him to it, not wanting to interrupt any of the processes that are about to happen, and Eileen follows him quietly to the kitchen with Miracle trotting at their feet. It’s natural for Dean to start pulling open the cupboards to take things out, not too sure what he’s about to cook but he knows his hands might stop shaking if he can focus on something else.
The reminder of Cas slams into him like a freight train and he looks around helplessly as he sees hundreds of people milling about the street. Yet not one is the person he desperately wants to see, that he
“We did it,” she says the moment they’ve stopped, stepping forward to grip Dean’s elbows with small hands. Dean notes that despite the tiredness behind her eyes she looks as hopeful as he’s slowly letting himself start to feel, and he gives her a tense smile of his own.
. To Cas, he was happiness, true and bright, and it makes Dean’s
“When Jack was dying, Cas made a deal to save him.” Dean starts to scratch Miracle’s ears, finding it easier to breathe when he feels Miracle’s cold wet nose press against the underside of his forearm. “His life for Jack’s.”
Because Cas is gone.
“Cas wouldn’t want this.”
Jack doesn’t respond. He just closes his eyes, a serene smile on his face as he tilts back his head. He doesn’t know what to expect, but even so, it’s like nothing changes for long enough that Dean exchanges a look with Sam as he feels that doubt creeping back in that maybe this won’t work.
The silence is a little overwhelming, and Dean grits his teeth until they
Only to be stopped as the Shadow suddenly appears in front of him, Dean’s fingers pushing against the chest of Death as the Shadow looks at him with a twisted smile, eyes cold and dark as it lets out an ugly laugh.
His eyes catch briefly on the carvings of their initials,
“It’s not just something that connects to Cas though,” he says awkwardly, and Dean feels a swoop in his stomach as he waits for the catch, “but something that represents a strong connection Cas has
It’s not. Dean sees Cas’s face, tears in his eyes and a blinding smile on his face as he’d tore everything Dean thought himself to be into pieces and replaced it with so much hope and faith and
But the real answer as to why now, the one that Dean isn’t so sure he wants to share, is that it took one look in the mirror after Sam and Eileen had left to see his sorry hungover ass looking back for him, holding a bottle of beer and looking like such a
, and
done.
Dean swallows thickly and looks up from where he’s been twisting his hands together to see Sam has removed the sandwich and is now sitting across from him, wiping the cover of Drakopoulos’ journal with the bottom of his shirt as he watches Dean over the stacks of books between them. He looks expectant but reasonably patient, and Dean scratches the back of his neck as he sighs.
He glances up to see Jack squinting at him, a look so reminiscent of Cas that it makes Dean ache. “Yeah?” he asks, and Jack looks hesitant for a long moment before he drops his gaze.
Dean takes a shuddering breath and drops his hand, looking up and around the room only to jump nearly a mile in the air when he spots Jack out of the corner of his eye, leaning in the doorway with one hand raised and a small smile on his face.
The words clog in his throat, all the feelings he’s been barely keeping at bay since Cas summoned the Empty swelling in his chest. All that shock, confusion, longing,
that had been happening then
Anything is more comfortable than the three, nearly four-day-old jeans and t-shirt though, and he settles for a pair of mismatched pajamas and throws his grey woolen robe over his shoulder when he unhooks it from the back of the door. He’s not exactly walking steady and he dreads the long shuffle down to the bathroom, but this is just the usual penance for drinking too much.
It takes another moment for him to realise what he’s probably after.
But then Cas’s eyes meet his and there's a fond smile curling onto the angel’s face, and soon he’s laughing too. A deep genuine one Dean has hardly ever heard and it’s like music to his ears, warms his chest and his cheeks.
to Cas.” Sam shifts uncomfortably and lets out a rushed breath. “Something that’s strong enough for us to hopefully open the rift and wake him in the process. It might even help the rift open closer to him.”
He tries not to think of who else normally sits there, just grits his teeth and focuses on the blare of Led Zepplin as it plays and how tight his hands feel around the steering wheel.
Sam doesn’t stand to meet him though, just looks up at Dean with those horrifically sympathetic eyes. “Why can’t you trust me enough to talk to me?”
Cas is gone and he’s not coming back and Dean won’t think about that, tries not to think about that, so he focuses on how cold and hard the floor is and it's a suffocating thought. His hands shake and shake and he can’t hold them still. His face is hot and sticky, his eyes burn and what he can see is blurred and messy. He flinches as the tears drip onto his jeans and soak through to his skin, skin that is freezing from the cold hard floor.
it's terrifying but it feels so good as his eyes start to blur but he won’t look away from Sam, “he can have me.”
It’s a photo of Jack with Dean, Cas, and Sam around him, and it surprises Dean since he’s never actually
So Dean still remembers that crushing moment when he’d seen Jack’s face drop, when they’d all realised that Cas was beyond their reach and there was nothing they could do to bring him back after years and years of doing so, and it
Neither stops pulling down until they’re almost at the ground, the rift open wide and uninviting in front of them. It’s so dark, the golden edges of the rift barely shining as whatever is on the other side of that rift starts to creep out and suffocate it. Dean thinks it might take over completely, but then Jack steps forward and presses his still blooded hand to the rift, murmuring something under his breath until there’s a sudden fizzle of an iron red that grows between what’s left of the gold and the encroaching black, creating a sharp border.
to bringing Cas home awakens a strength he didn’t realise he had.
“Jack came by the other day,” Dean starts, ripping the bandaid off instead of pissing about, and Sam’s eyes widen in surprise. “And we, ah, we talked about Cas.”
Dean gives Sam a look that screams ‘what do
him and refusing to let him fall, but he doesn’t dwell on it too much.
He grits his teeth. This is ridiculous.
someone.” Sam glances at Eileen and Jack,
Sam blinks back, a startled Jack sitting bolt upright underneath him where he’s tangled amongst the sheets, and Dean’s eyes flicker between the two of them for a long moment as his heart thuds in his ears and his fingers tighten around Sam’s arm.
But Cas…
as he drops his hand down onto the brass doorknob.
He looks down at Miracle, thankful for at least his company. “You gonna help?” he asks, shaking his head when Miracle just buries his face into the side of his bed.
“Miracle needs feeding-” Dean starts to argue, pointing at the cupboard Miracle’s food
“No.” Jack shakes his head, looking mutinous. “Cas, I won’t.”
broken.”
Cas doesn’t look away from Jack, but his other hand does fall down to rest on Dean’s knee. “I will give up my grace,” he says matter-of-factly, “and become human.”
, he thinks as he meets Cas’s eyes and feels a warmth grow in his chest. This is
It’s an oxymoron if he’s ever heard one. Cas just continues to look as confused as Dean feels, and he shuffles on the bed until he sits cross-legged in front of Cas, determined to hold his gaze.
anywhere. The walls are bland and most of the shelves sit empty. It's obvious Jack hadn’t spent much time decorating or individualising his room like Sam and Dean have, and it hadn’t even occurred to Dean that it's something Jack might’ve wanted to have done, something they
Dean had felt… and then he compares it to the sight of the boy on his bed, eyes screwed so tightly shut and curled into as small a ball as he possibly can under a robe that swallows him whole.
Sam doesn’t loosen his grip though, just holds Dean as he talks. “In his room, resting.” He squeezes Dean’s shoulder. “Jack is with him. Neither of you were conscious for very long after we pulled you out.”
Somehow, they win.
from his mouth. “Nothing happened, Sam! Why can’t you just
It’s not as empty as Cas’s, but it’s certainly not a typical kids' room. There are no posters on the walls, nor mixup of clean and dirty washing piled on the floor, or any old dishes lying about. Even the bed is neatly made, and Dean knows it must’ve been Sam that taught Jack that. He hasn’t made a bed in years.
“Look, Jack,” he starts to murmur, unsure where he’s going with it, but Jack clears his throat and makes Dean jump as he briefly rests a hand on Dean’s knee to catch his attention.
“I barely got any sleep,” Sam explains, and Dean looks back to meet Sam’s gaze. “Eileen called.”
, he’d said, and Dean’s chest feels like it's caving in as he realises, again and again, that is who he is to Cas, who he
Dean’s not created a spell before. He doesn’t know enough about the intricacies of the work involved to even have the slightest idea on where to begin, let alone make one that can do the seemingly impossible. Eileen is only somewhat better at this than he is, something she freely admits to, so most of their hope relies on Sam who’s frown is starting to look permanent as he buries his nose in one of Rowena’s journals.
and realised…
“My whole life,” Dean starts, “I’ve felt like there’s this… this
otherwise, he’d said… but Dean suddenly doesn’t care what Jack said because he was wrong. He was stupidly
He finds that he doesn’t know what to say as Sam looks his way. He swallows thickly and thinks about how much of a wreck he must look in yesterday's clothes, red cheeks, and no doubt large sleeping bruises under his eyes. He’s slept, but not well, and he knows Sam will pick up on it ridiculously fast.
They don’t talk about it though. Jack had left in the night and Cas’s shoulders tense whenever Dean starts to skirt around what had happened. Clearly, nothing had been agreed on, and Dean decides to leave it at that as he instead turns to focus on what to do now.
Dean nods his head. “When will she be here?” Sam doesn’t answer straight away though, and Dean frowns. “Sam?”
“Me too,” he says quietly, and Dean gives him a tight smile back.
He can feel the panic whirling in his stomach, twisting and churning in such a harrowing way. This isn’t supposed to happen, Jack
He’s trying to angle the bottles to fit them back into the crate when Eileen’s hands cover his and pull them away. He glances over to see her shaking her head as she takes the two bottles from his hold and places them back down on the countertop.
“We did.”
When the Shadow looks back at him, it’s with a grotesque mix of Meg’s and Gabriel’s faces, and Dean pushes down the disgust that twists in his stomach at the abomination in front of him.
Because he is doubtful now, the hope that had spurred him on having slowly dwindled away over the last few days, and he doesn’t want to be. It’s exhausting though, exhausting having to encourage Sam and Eileen every time they snap another book shut and put it on the discard pile, exhausting having to encourage
Article after article, blurb after blurb, it all starts to roll together as Dean feels his eyes ache from looking at the screen. It doesn’t matter though as he’s determined to look in every crook and cranny. It’s what Cas would do and it’s what Cas deserves.
him, and that's all that matters. Despite everything that’s happened, everything over the years that's twisted and torn their relationship into something barely recognisable at times, Dean chooses.
“Miracle needs food and supplies,” he says, gritting his teeth together until they hurt. “Let me know if you need anything while I’m out.”
, to realise how much of an
It’s a suffocating feeling that rears up as he finally thinks about those words, the way they’d fallen flat and hollow between them, and Dean realises… realises….
that is, that Cas should’ve been there for him to wake up to, but the other part of him… the
He trails off, but Jack speaks up. “That’s going in to get him,” he finishes, and Sam gives a lame nod as he finally meets Dean’s gaze.
The silence is even more deafening than before, and Dean grits his teeth until his jaw aches with the pressure. He doesn’t expect a reply, he truly doesn’t, however, the nothing he’s rewarded with is truly devastating.
The Shadow might be cruel and it may not be trustworthy. Dean doesn’t know, and he forces down every little thought that teases at the corner of his brain that he could look, he could just peek, couldn’t he? It’s not like the Shadow would know.
He knows he’s got the Shadow stuck as it’s eyes narrow in outrage. It’s face starts to flicker again. Dean recoils as he sees Billie now, standing in front of him with a murderous expression and it sends shockwaves down his spine as he has to force himself to stand still.
“Yeah… yeah. Of course.” Dean finally looked up. “Sorry, Jack.”
“Tie-dye,” said Cas. Dean let out a breath.
“Muslin
look like a mess now, everyone did.
“That all right?” Dean asked.
“I saw it at the car boot sale,” said Dean. “And I just had to. I couldn’t
trouble – not when they’d just had this talk, and they’d finally made up. He swallowed; pondering whether or not to ask, or if it was better just to leave things be.
Jack nodded again, but Dean was still watching him as if he could tell there was something else he wanted to say. Jack wondered if he dared. He didn’t want to be demanding. He didn’t want to make even
“Does he.”
say. “And I think it looks great. And so will everyone else.”
Before long, the kitchen was at least decently clean. There were still black burn marks on the wall; the counters were still slightly scratched where Dean had tried to scrape melted metal off them. But it looked much better than it had done the night before.
“Really?” Dean raised his eyebrows, sceptical. “After last night’s display?”
you’re my dads.”
“Damn right I’m angry!” Dean interrupted. He turned to Jack. “Look at the state of the kitchen. Can we not even leave you alone for two seconds without you causing some kind of chaos?”
“Talk to me about what?” asked Cas.
Cas put down the book carefully, gently smoothing the pages as he closed them so as not to do any damage.
“Then it’s our job to teach him to be responsible.”
“Don’t ask me,” said Dean. “Cas is the expert. Or so he claims. Though I just know something’s going to go wrong. Don’t ask me what, but
“But I didn’t want you to fall out because of me.”
“One of you should do it,” he said, at first – he was terrified that he was going to make a horrible mess again.
, and how he feels. And right now, he really doesn’t feel like you like him much.”
Dean was watching him carefully. “You
“But – but you bought it specially for me!” said Jack. “And – and I couldn’t even last a few days without b-breaking it. I always break everything. And you
There were still a few traces remaining of the Great Marmalade Disaster, as Dean liked to call it – miniscule enough that the kitchen looked perfectly neat and presentable, but there if you really knew where to look for them. A few black burn marks on the ceiling; a slight warp on the surface of the oven. They were almost undetectable, but Jack couldn’t help but notice them whenever he was in the kitchen. He’d find his eyes ranging between them, and he’d feel a slight clench in his chest; a slight bubble of paranoia.
When Jack continued frowning, Cas added, “Even Dean thinks so. Remember? That’s why he got so defensive at breakfast. He was insistent that he
Jack felt his heart sink. “I know,” he said. “It would be a disaster. I just thought it looked like fun when Paddington Bear did it. But it would be a bad idea. I can’t cook. And I’m not a bear.”
Jack looked at the rich, dark orange mixture, still bubbling just slightly in the pan. It looked exactly like he’d imagined it – much more real than the store-bought version. Almost like the sort Paddington Bear would actually have made.
There’s a long beat of silence as Dean looks between Jack and his brother, letting the words register as he rolls them around for a moment. Okay, he thinks. Okay, so it’s got to be something that connects Cas to… to…
“Oh.” He opens his eyes to see Sam shaking his head slowly, realisation crawling up onto his face. “Are you saying…”
Dean shakes his head, small smile forming on his lips. It can’t be that easy to name a dog, can it?
Kevin felt himself stand a little straighter as the man approached the counter, in hopes to lessen the difference between them, but as the man finally met his eyes, Kevin felt himself freeze and soften at the same time. This man looked down at him with the brightest, warmest smile he had ever seen. It was more than just easy like the others, it was welcoming and open. His eyes were gentle and seemed to have golden starbursts in the middle of their hazel green fields. “Hi, can I get your name?” The man asked and Kevin realized his mouth was hanging open.
Benny gave a low whistle, “We play it smart and have a few head up into the hills overlooking the place. They can lessen the numbers and get us a lay of the land. Then we go in groups, nice and slow, and clear the place inside and out. After that, we get to work building the blockade. We got a lot of the foundational pieces ready to go, just gotta lay ‘em down and fit ‘em together. Ash can take over at that point.” Ash gave a two-finger salute, his glorious mullet blowing in the wind like he was some 80’s rock god. Damn Dean loved Ash, even if his overly elaborate wall was ridiculous.
“Yeah, just give me a sec.” Cas leaned over and began kissing him again and then pulled away just enough to nuzzle their noses together. Dean laughed at him, “Ya big ol' sap.”
Kevin looked around and saw that Dean and Castiel were being given the packs and some weapons as their family teased them with advice. “Yeah, let’s go.”
Dean stared out the window where the moon was lighting up the snow as if purposely trying to antagonize him. Stupid moon. Stupid snow. “I know…” Sam could almost taste how bitter those words were.
“Take a look to your right and you will be able to see the machines themselves.” Anna gestured towards some windows on the right that looked into the center of the building. It was full of massive machines that Kevin didn’t really understand, but the size alone was staggering. He took a couple pictures and continued to move with the group.
“Sounded like a car,” Dean whispered, picking up on the noise as well.
“I am not a child.” Sam stated stubbornly.
Dean shrugged, “What can I say, I had to prove Balthazar wrong.”
From across the aisle, Kevin noticed the young blonde man and woman giving worried looks over at the Doctor. Jamie was whispering to him now, but all Kevin could make out was: “We cannae fill anything….your name…..the TARDIS….do?”
****Dawn****
He touched his bracelet through his robes where it was hidden. Cas seemed so sure that Kevin would feel the same way and being on the outside, he had a more objective view. However, Cas did have a tendency to be weird about social stuff, especially about love. He didn't even know how in love Balthazar was with him until Sam told him and Balthazar was anything but subtle about it. Maybe he should ask Anna, she was pretty good at this stuff. “Sam?” Sam shook his head and looked forward to where Ellen was standing with an impatient look on her face. “I asked you what was better against demons, ice or fire.”
Cas rolled his eyes, “Still, I think you should remember that while Slytherin does have a more negative reputation than the other houses, it still produces many wonderful witches and wizards, many who end up very successful. It could be a great opportunity for Sam. Slytherin are ambitious and clever. He could learn a lot.”
“Yeah and they put fade-spirits into dead people's bodies. Creepy.” Kevin insisted.
The two looked over to see Claire standing at the doorway with her eyes wide and full of tears.
“Anna seems nice enough.”
“Dean, we both know that’s not true. You love me, I know you do, you can’t fake that…”
“Guess we just have to wait,” Sam added and they all began to look towards the door again.
“We have to get up early tomorrow, Jamie, try not to drink too much. That goes for you as well, Ben. I think I’m going to go look around, see if I can ask the inn-keeper a few more questions,” The Doctor said, clearing his throat a bit as he wiped his hands off on a handkerchief he pulled from his pocket.
“Yeah, I've been to this floor. That dance area is crazy.”
Kevin’s eyes widened, “What? When did you get in?”
“It's fine Sam. I'm sure being open for a couple hours isn't gonna change it that much.”
“Yeah, sounds good. Cas you gonna join us?”
And with that, the Inn emptied out. Kevin trailed the Novak party with his camera, taking as many pictures as he could get. He knew the wedding would be best way to promote Beneath the Eternal Shade; after all, what was more romantic than a wedding on Earth 2.8?
Castiel looked at him confused, “Yes. I want to arrange the talk in a few weeks, which means I have a lot of research to do in the meantime.”
“He thinks you're a monster that deserves to be caged, deserves to rot for what you did. Sure, at first he blamed the demon and he begged to go get you, begged to send you letters, but your father knew better. He knew you were the corrupt little freak of nature that brought a demon into the world and let it kill your mother. Over time, Dean learned the truth. He learned about what you'd done and he started to resent you. If you hadn't been born, he'd still have his mother. His father would be happy. His life would be what it was meant to be before you screwed it all up! And after everything he always did for you.” Dean's image shouted, his green eyes dark with fury and disgust. “You know why he abandoned you, it's because you ruined his life!”
“Cas, I can't go much longer.” Dean finally said as he raked his nails up Cas's back, making Cas suck harder at his neck and snap his waist forward faster. Sam jolted at Dean's words, getting a small, accidental glimpse of his brother getting fucked by the man he considered a brother was one thing, but watching them cum was another. Time to get back to the tent and never speak of this again. He couldn't help but wonder if there were spells to erase memories, because this one would definitely warrant that.
The girl held her cell phone out, filming as she got out of the car in the parking lot of the abandoned train station. It looked like it was about to rain and despite the crisp fall air some students were already in their robes. Returning students were reuniting with friends ad saying goodbye to their families while new students seemed to follow along with bigger groups to find their way in. “This is so awesome.” She zoomed in on various people, trying to figure out what their houses were, where their place was in the social hierarchy and of course she looked for potential adventure partners and arch enemies. After a quick goodbye to her mother she got on the train. She peaked into each  compartment, looking at the various groups, trying to find somewhere open with other new students. Despite what she had heard, she saw a lot more mixing of houses in social groups. That took a bit of the pressure off of the upcoming sorting, though she was still determined to get into either Ravenclaw or Gryffindor.
The group remained silent until they couldn’t hear her on the stairs anymore and then they all looked at one another.
“So how was France? Tell me everything. I am beyond jealous.” Anna said reaching over the table to take Cas's hand.
They headed up to the third floor and found a more simple room with a giant wall sized TV in front of a king sized bed, a few scattered arcade games, a pool table and on the covered balcony is the infamous hot tub, surrounded by plants with a large stereo playing in the corner.
“What are you talking about?”
“Is the great Dean Winchester scared?”
Kevin licked his lips unconsciously, “Yes.”
“You have to. If you kill her and they find out what you've done, which obviously they will because she's been tranquil for like a day, so natural causes wouldn't really seem likely, who's gonna change things for everyone else, huh? Let Anna be your inspiration for fighting the system or whatever you gotta do, but don't let her be what gets you killed, she wouldn't have wanted that.”
“It’s alright Dean. I know.”
Dean shook his head and remembered seeing Sam's name in cursive on the desk.  “Shit.”
Dean practiced his magic muting spells over and over until he was exhausted and then took a seat near the training dummies. He poured a bucket of cold water over himself, letting it soak his head and run down into his robe and armor.
“Anything,” Dean said without thinking.
“Good, then get to it and get out. I’m busy here.” He went off on his way and Jamie leaned close to Ash, “I think I can guess who you had a fight with.”
“Stop fussing over me, I'm fine. I'm just tired.” Dean said irritably as Sam tried to put a cold rag on his forehead.
“Good point, so you're coming with me?”
“You are such a cockblock!” Dean said as Sam finally came in, trying to keep his eyes away from his brother's obvious boner.
“Ah, yes, of course. Later then. Please continue, Mr. Novak,” The Doctor surrendered, but he never lost his smile.
“Fuck, I forgot about the hobbit sized biohazard down here,” Dean pulled his shirt up to cover his face and moved to the far end of the room away from Kevin, but also far from the walker cage, “So much for sane people, huh?”
“It's not a big deal, not like it's stiff competition or anything. But hey, my hours are shorter so that's kinda nice. Get to sleep in. Been working on the fire truck's engine a lot, got that baby purring.”
“You'll pay for this Dean, for killing our brothers, for turning your back against the order. Even if we don't kill you, the lack of lyrium will.”
Dean had thrown up several times in the night and he woke up feeling like death from the pit of his stomach to his pounding head, but at least the tea and bread helped. Kevin was back on his feet, though Sam made him take it easy. Cas planned out signals for various situations that might happen on the road and planned out how they should lay themselves in the cart.
“Ok, I get that. Just, whatever you plan on doing about this, I’m going with you, every step of the way, alright?”
“Sure! Cello is obviously pretty different than the violin, but there are probably a few things I can help you with-” Kevin started off confident and then seemed to realize his mistake, “-if you want, that is. You know, just to get you started,” Kevin spoke hesitantly, clearly trying not to be overbearing in the new friendship.
“You saw the mill, we need back up to clear it, and this guy is our best bet to get it. He
“Hopefully we can still find Anna before she finds a way off planet,” Castiel said quietly, staring off in the distance as if hoping to spot his sister, “She has a lot to answer for.” Dean put a gentle hand on his husband’s shoulder.
Warning: If you ever witness a seizure do not hold onto the person like Sam did here. Let them get through it naturally and simply move things out of the way so they don't hurt themselves. Use common sense, if the surrounding area is dangerous and the person's life is at risk you can move them, but the best thing to do is let them get through the seizure naturally if at all possible.
Their voices dimmed as the door shut behind them. Dean glanced over to where Sam was sitting with his wife. She had shown up just before desert and they’d been talking in hushed voices ever since- catching up on missed stories and making plans. Dean watched the way their hands held firm together until Charlie heaved a heavy sigh catching his attention.
“Just stop, I'm leaving. Be happy with whoever the hell you met.” Sam watched him go and without thinking he found himself hugging the potted plant as tears slipped quietly over his cheeks.
“Well, details.”
Cas nodded and let his lips go back to Dean's while gently pressing a third finger into him. The fingers were squeezed tightly together and it was hard to move, but Dean slowly started to relax and open up.
That week Sam began his task. He would wait for Alastair to come by on his watch and ask him questions about the lake, the direction of Redcliff and any landmarks nearby. He would let himself be caught checking out windows and practicing tying up his robes. He would make sure to get to his room just a little bit passed curfew whenever Alastair was on watch, and make sure he was seen. He had Alastair's eye. Balthazar, in the meantime, began spreading rumors like only he could. Soon half the school not only believed a templar was stealing lyrium, but that he was dealing it to the other templars and that a bunch of them were lyrium addicted, brain raddled nug-bisquits who needed to retire because they could barely survive without the stuff anymore. People started looking for templars with the shakes or waiting for a templar to lose his temper and say 'Bet he's one of 'em' didn't get his fix.' It was practically a game of spot the addict.
“Maybe we actually got up before her for once. You know what that means?” Seeing the glint in Ben’s eyes, Kevin instantly caught his train of thought.
“I suppose you have a point.”
The entire community, outside of the Novak household, gathered at the Inn and followed Dean and his family to the Campbell tree. Dean was dressed in well fitted leathers and was sandwiched between his father and brother. Several community members were helping to carry boxes of supplies and bags that Kevin wasn’t sure what they were for, but he took pictures anyway. The march to the tree was anything but quiet. Some people were singing, others were chatting, and there was a soft ringing of laughter in the air; although, Dean seemed to be radiating nerves for some reason.
Kevin looked out the window, they were about halfway there and there were still trees moving below. “Do you think Anna knows what we’re doing?”
Benny looked at his horses, he had tended to them after the fight and they seemed alright, but another full day without rest wouldn't be possible. “We'll go as far as we can.” Dean nodded his understanding, after everything he was already asking his friend for, he couldn't demand more. He'd just have to hope that Cole wouldn't get free for a while and that even when he did, that Cole wouldn't be able to find any other templars or a ride into town for a day or so. They just needed a little bit of time.
Benny looked at Dean in the eyes for a long moment, then down to Andrea, she was still, but awake, and alive. “I swear it.” Dean smiled and pulled Benny in for a hug. Jody rubbed his back, tears falling down her cheeks.
“Do you think that ruined regular sex for us?”
Like every morning, Cas was in their vegetable garden. He would clear the weeds away by hand, rejuvenate the plants with his magic and pick everything that was ripe for Dean to either use in his cooking or for them to sell at the farmer's market that week.
“I guess, but just because someone is tough enough to take abuse doesn't mean they should have to.”
"You aren’t going alone,” Cas said by his side, Dean nodded and pulled Cas’s hand into his own.”
Dean worries over Sam's placement in Sytherin. Dean and Cas stop a fight in an alleyway between two first years.
“Sure, we can drive you over to wherever you parked it right after dinner,” Benny offered and Castiel nodded with gratitude.
Dean beamed, “Awesome! Yeah, no that would totally work. Here, let me give you my phone number.”
“Kevin, stay close, if you see the mire beast, back up and stay behind me and dad ok?”
“I'm only one year older than you.”
“Good thing too, with the world what it is, they are basically world class delicacies now. So, again, hands off, and come help, or just go back upstairs,” Claire reprimanded him.
Benny made his way close to the harbor and turned off into the trees again to open the cart. “Alright, from here you can make your way in. You better all go in separately though. There isn't a gate and there should be a lot of boats with their crews loading and unloading cargo around, so it should be easy for you to slip in and get into the back alleys. Dean, you look like a sailor anyway, carry in a box of potatoes and take it right to the pearl and no one will bat an eye at you. Kevin, you hold yourself like a noble no matter what you do, so I recommend you go with it. You're headed to a whorehouse anyway, try to look like a spoiled brat who's trying not to get caught with his dick in the honeypot.” Kevin's eyes went wide at that and Dean snickered. “Sam, you're gonna stick out no matter what you do, being that tall. I got a cloak in the back, throw it on and keep your head down, don't let any guards or templars see you and you should be alright.  Take the backstreets and get in The Pearl as quick as you can. The Pearl ain't that far in, play your cards alright and you'll do fine. You all got the map in your heads yet?”
“Yeah, a bit. I learned at the chantry from this guy named Ash, you wouldn't believe it if you met him, but that guy was a genius, drank like a dwarf, but he was a genius. Bet you would've liked him.”
Dean sat on the toilet lid as Cas attempted to style his hair with modeling paste. “You need some help there?” Dean offered with a laugh.
Sam looked up curiously, “Dean? You played chess with Dean? That couldn't have lasted long.”
Sam and Anna came up to the alter next, each carrying a box. They both knelt and quietly beseeched the tree for its blessing.
Jody walked up, “I got my sniper, chief. I can head up and use the walkie talkies to guide you guys through.”
“How old was Jo?”
“Alright, Jo you’re coming with me,” Bobby said and Jo smiled, “I figured.”
“Am I suppose to just forgive him for everything?”
Dean popped off of him and looked up innocently from his lap, “I’m in the book? Wow.” Castiel glared at him and Dean gave a playful kiss to his tip before swallowing him again and moaning desperately as he felt Cas’s length push at the back of his throat. Castiel used the book to block his view and continued stubbornly, “For as soon as a thing has been seen, it is carried away, and another comes in its place, and this will be carried away too.”
Miracle is at his feet, long since moved from sitting to lying down with a huff. That's how long Dean’s found himself out here, waiting for some plucky courage to make itself known to get him to actually twist his hand and open the damn door. He knows the longer he waits, the sooner Sam and Eileen get back and come looking for him, and the last thing he wants is an
“We’re going to have to create a rift,” he starts to explain as he turns back to the paper, “but we can’t just use a regular spell like we have in the past. The Empty is different from Hell or Purgatory. It’s a
“Don’t.”
“Wh-where is he?” Dean manages to choke out, pulling back just slightly so his words don’t get swallowed up by the cotton of Sam’s shirt.
“Could be a little nicer.” He gets up with creaking bones that snap and pop as he moves. He rattles his brain for the first sign he can think of before he pulls his hand into a y-shape and rotates it up by his forehead. “Cow,” he mutters darkly at her and winces when Eileen smacks his arm.
He doesn’t kick off his boots or shrug off his jacket, feeling too numb to do much else but curl his arms under his pillow and let out a long exhausting breath. He’s tired, so tired, but he can’t find it in himself to close his eyes quite yet.
One, two, three drops, each one hitting the liquid with a steaming hiss, and Dean blinks blearily as the concoction changes colour once more but this time into a blinding gold. He glances up to see Sam has taken the knife away, and Jack steps back from the cauldron with his other hand gripping his wounded one. Dean wants to say something, but he’s stopped as Sam calls his name once more.
Dean can’t think over his buzzing thoughts, too much racing through his brain to be able to focus on what Jack could be implying here, and he shakes his head. “Jack…” he murmurs, but Jack doesn’t let him finish again as he gives Miracle one last pat before standing up in a rush.
Driving from the bunker to Hastings when the world was empty had felt different. Dean had put everything behind him, put
Every day, Dean tries to take Miracle for a walk.
“I can’t, Sam,” he hears himself say, his words quiet and twisted to his ears. He looks over to see the Sam deflate, shoulders sinking and eyes brimming with enough sympathy that Dean’s stomach tightens. “I just… can’t.”
If looks could kill, Dean would well and truly be six feet under. “That was a week ago, Dean!” Sam snaps, understandably frustrated, and he drops the book on the table as he leans forward. “How is he?”
until his fingers and wrist
Maybe the answer to that is Jack, and Dean still hasn’t told Sam about his visit. He and Eileen had just returned home as Dean had finally left Cas’s room, still registering what Jack had said, and Dean hadn’t had it in him to tell his brother what they’d spoken about. He’d not wanted to give Sam any false hope but, in truth, he hadn’t wanted to give himself any either.
As he sees Cas’s last smile.
Eventually, he starts to walk forward. The ground is hard enough, and soon the thoughts that whatever he’s walking on is something he can’t either see or
, something deep and sadistic and not like Cas at all, and he rips himself away from him as the angel turns around and Dean sees its not… its not him.
He doesn’t take his hand back, just leaves it where it's carding through Jack’s hair softly as he settles in for the wait ahead.
as well as a place. It’s going to have to require some proper safety nets to keep it where it is when we open that rift, especially if we’re bringing Cas back.” He taps on the first diagram at the top. “So, gold, to summon it.” Sam moves his finger over to the next drawing. “Iron, to prevent the Empty coming back through and stop whatever else is awake in there getting out.”
Because it’s Cas, dear god it’s
“Morning?” Sam offers a bit weakly, and Dean’s shoulders sag as he lets go of his brother and takes a shaky step backward, the backs of his knees knocking into the chair he’s just spent the night on.
. He’s not a killer, and Dean will be damned if he’d let someone like Chuck tell him otherwise.
Even the rift is gone, and that is more unsettling than anything else. Dean had expected that would still be shimmering away and act as a beacon to point him in the direction of home, but it's been swallowed up somewhere and it leaves his stomach rolling unpleasantly.
There’s still so much more to resolve though. Talk of Empty comes sooner than Dean expected when Sam mentions it over dinner later that night. The mood turns sour quickly, no one able to meet each others eyes as they know that, inevitably, Cas will one day end up back there.
But it’s terrifying. It’s fucking
Not that he’d believed him, and Dean swallows thickly as he drops a hand down to rest on Miracle’s head for some comfort. He rolls his shoulders as he tries to work himself up to finally say it, for
Big soulful eyes look back, reassuring eyes, and Dean smiles tightly at the dog as he ruffles his ears and tries not to think how strange it feels on his face.
He can’t let that happen.
can reach him.”
“Cas,” he suddenly says, the word ripping from him with fervour. He turns back to Jack and Sam, notes the tears burning in his brother’s eyes, but ignores him to pin Jack with a look. “What about Cas?”
“Sam.” Dean clears his throat. “You look like shit.”
to feel that he’s just let Sam go. Somewhere along the way, he’d written his brother off as having already moved on, maybe evidenced in his own mind by Eileen arriving on the scene, but dammit of
“And if they don’t?”
“It’s not about Jack,” Dean snaps, words thick with sudden venom. He still won’t take his hands away from his face. “This is about Cas.”
follows then
So he stands from where they’ve all been sitting in a melancholic circle and marches off into the bunker as he throws instructions over his shoulder to start gathering the ingredients and materials for the spell. He makes a beeline for one of the storage rooms on the other side of the kitchen, striding past his room as well as Jack’s and Cas’s, and he makes a note to stop by in the latter's room to look for something for the spell.
So the next time Dean is left alone in the bunker, he finds himself standing outside Cas’s room with one hand pressed against the door and the other wrapped around the door handle.
he feels.
laugh.
, and so far Dean is choosing to mess it up.
It goes down as well as expected. Jack still looks rebellious as he glares at Cas, shaking his head with watering eyes as Cas tries too soothe him. Sam starts talking a mile a minute with flailing hands to boot, voice rising more and more as no one pays him any attention, and Eileen just seems speechless as her eyes flick between them all, lost as she only picks up the occasional word.
can’t you leave this alone?” he demands, voice shaking with barely held rage.
He gets it, and he damns the world for what it’s done to them all.
It’s a break away from the press of books now, of reading until his eyes cross and his brain aches. Sam and Eileen helping make the process of tearing through each book and scroll in the bunker easier, but the steady pace they’ve set over the last few days has dwindled now they’ve reached books that need the most translating or decoding. It's frustratingly slow work, but they persist nonetheless.
It doesn’t escape his attention that the lines in that relationship have blurred even more with Jack’s recent ascension.
tell Sam. Telling him makes it real, and Dean feels like he’s barely surviving with the realisation that he might have lost his best friend for the last and final time let alone his… his…
“Hello,” he says, calm and serene.
“I didn’t say anything about it being impossible,” Jack continues, seemingly unaware of the sudden chaos raging in Dean as he struggles to process what Jack is saying. “I don’t know a way personally, nor have I found one, but the bunker is large and there’s a great many books here that haven’t been read yet.”
“Don’t do that,” he mutters darkly as he scrubs his hands over his face, rubbing the grit from his eyes and kneading his temples against the small headache building there. His heart continues to thud painfully fast and he knows it's going to take time for it to settle down, the shock of the moment still stark.
despite it all. Despite the very word of God that Cas has defied over and over again for… for Dean.
He’s hesitant to hand over the cassette, grip so tight that he fears he might snap it. This has to be done though, so Dean squares his jaw and reluctantly reaches out to place it gently in Sam’s hand.
“Get up, Dean.”
He knows there are things he’s going to need to address soon, things that have been hovering in the back of his mind since he stood in front of Cas and listened to him pour his heart out. Dean will never forget that smile, the tears in his eyes, the
“What?” Dean demands, pushing back from the counter and moving to go stand in front of his brother. “What do you mean you haven’t decided yet? She should
“If you don’t give me Cas,” he says, slowly and confidently even as he knows he’s bluffing, “I will come back here. I will come back here over and over and over again until you let me take him with me.” It’s his turn to lean forward into the Shadow’s face, pushing what’s left of his courage out onto his face. “I swear I will
Dean lets go of the photo with one hand to reach up and grasp Jack’s elbow, stopping him from moving forward and Jack’s eyes jump to Dean’s in surprise. “Remember what Cas has always said, Jack,” Dean says, shaking his head. “You sell yourself short. You know more than you think.”
Dean bites back a trail of swear words. “You gotta stop doing that, kid,” he mutters, wincing as the smile drops from Jack’s face. “It scares the crap out of me.”
Dean grits his teeth at the memory. John Winchester has a lot to answer for.
“I’m sorry,” Dean apologises instinctually, the words stinging as they leave his mouth, “Dad tried to fix-”
Dean nods. “The nuns,” he repeats quietly as he wraps his hands together and settles them on top of the tabletop. There’s only one book on it now, the last book that Sam had read, and Dean feels empty as he looks at the dull brown cover and thinks of how useless it is.
Cas laughs, shaking his head just a little, rubbing their foreheads against one another. “Yes.”
“There is a way,” Cas murmurs though, and Dean glances at him to see Cas is looking right back. There’s something unreadable in his eyes, and Dean frowns as Cas gives him a soft smile and presses their thighs together where they sit side-by-side.
It does. A warm hand grasps his, firm and familiar, and Dean lets out a shaky breath as it tugs him through. The rift feels cool on his shoulders, and Dean has to close his eyes against the urge to look behind him as he finally leaves the Empty behind.
. He shivers at the last one and forces himself to focus on what Sam is saying.
“Don’t,” he interrupts harshly, voice hard and without room for discussion. He hopes it's enough to show this isn’t something he wants to talk about.
of ice-cold water rippling over him. He fumbles for the mixer to shut it off, swearing under his breath as the tension that had finally
He swallows past the lump in his throat as he closes his eyes and breathes through the pain ripping up over his shoulders. It’s all he has left of Cas now, two marks made from his own blood, and Dean’s legs feel unsteady for a long moment as he leans against the door and hopes it doesn’t let him fall.
The idea of a dog named ‘Zed’ is appealing, but he quirks his head to the side as the dog finds a scent and starts to follow it into the bush. He doesn’t suit that name, and Dean purses his lips. Maybe something a little more… hopeful?
Finally, the serene smile disappears. It drops from Jack’s face, only to be replaced with a stricken look that has Dean nearly crossing the gap between them to wrap Jack in a tight hug. He doesn’t want to see it ever again, but Dean knows Jack wouldn’t look like that if the news wasn’t bad.
“Alright, kid,” Dean says, and Jack turns to face him. “You really think you can pull this off?”
Because he knows Sam will ask why now, why after so long moping is Dean starting to look
Nevertheless, he rolls his shoulders, pulls the Book of Spells forward, takes a deep breath, and starts to read.
part of him knows that Sam is right. Already he feels so saturated. Seeing Cas might’ve just pushed him off the ledge he’s balancing on.
Miracle slides out from under the table, tail already wagging happily at the sight of the lead. Dean may never use it, but he never goes without it either, and Miracle trots at his heels as he leaves the library to find his boots and jacket.
Miracle starts to growl at the same time as Dean hears the sound of people stomping down the bunker stairs, and he lifts his head groggily to blink over the stacks of books around him at the doorway just as Sam comes to halt in it.
Dean frowns. “You don’t need an invitation, kid.”
They have a chance, a literal
There’s beer in the fridge that’s calling his name, but he forces himself to reach past all the bottles for ingredients for homemade burgers. It's not the alcohol that calls him, but the temporary solace at the bottom of the bottle. Instead, there’s something peacefully methodic in the churning of ground beef beneath his hands as he makes meat patties, pausing to allow Eileen to deposit whatever spices and sauces he gestures at. They don’t speak, just work alongside one another to make their dinner with too much care than the food really deserves. Dean tries to just focus on the spitting of the butter in the pan and the sawing of bread from Eileen as she cuts the buns open, instead of the fear slowly growing inside his chest.
Dean gets that. Gets what it's like to be hurled into things you don’t want to be part of, of having responsibilities pushed upon your shoulders and given no choice but to bear them, of being something you didn’t choose to be but were forced to become.
And Cas had smiled to the last, had
“For fucks sake,” he mutters darkly, and he reaches out to pull the stupid harness with
Life never has been very straightforward.
Dean lifts his head, makes sure Eileen can see his lips. “You asked what happened with… with Cas,” he starts, ripping the words from his chest and hoping Sam and Eileen can keep up with the sudden turn. “He made a deal with the Empty.”
conceptualise fades away. Instead, he just focuses on one step after another and tries not to think about the fact that his boots don’t make a single sound despite every step.
up. “I’m glad. He needed a good home.”
He stops by Cas’s room on his way back, opening the door with ease this time. There’s no delay, no need to psych himself up, just a simple twist of the doorknob as he steps through with purpose.
Sam snaps the last book shut, the thump cracking loud in the library.
Dean leans into it, and lets himself rock in response when Sam gives him a few hard pats before he pulls away and heads towards the door, giving Miracle a scratch behind the ears where he sits just in the doorway.
He thinks he’s ready.
“Oh come on, Dean,” Not-Cas purrs, voice too high, “I’m just your neighbourhood cosmic entity.”
He doesn’t wait for Sam’s response, just opens the door and herds Miracle outside, letting it slam shut behind him in a final statement.
, before he slips out of the room. He pulls the door behind him, not letting it shut completely, but Dean isn’t too fazed. It means he can hear the sound of Sam walking back down the corridor and he finds it strangely comforting to know he’s not actually alone in this great big bunker despite how much part of him wishes he were.
Jack’s smile morphs into something tight and guilty at that before he raises his hand. “Goodbye,” he says, earnest as always, before he’s gone in a blink.
There’s a bark that has Dean jumping, and he looks to see the dog they’d found running in front of them, tongue hanging out in utter delight as he heads towards the impala. The miracle dog, Dean thinks, and he can’t help but grin widely as he comes to a stop in front of Jack, shaking his head fondly.
Dean just shakes his head and his shoulders start to tremble as Eileen presses down and digs her fingers into his shirt. Miracle is nearby, Dean can feel the dog’s chin resting on his knee, but still, he can’t pull his hands away.
Instead, he rolls his shoulders and focuses on the rift in front of him. He can do this, he knows he can, and with only a small amount of hesitance and as much determination as he can muster, he takes his first step forward.
There has to be.
Maybe it's because of the dog sniffing at the edge of his bed. Just for this one night, he thinks as he pats the mattress. It's the only invitation the dog needs as he hops up immediately, settling down in the crook of the backs of Dean’s knees. Honestly, Dean is thankful for the company and he pulls out a hand from under his pillow to bury into the fur on the dog's back.
Eventually, their laughter dies down though, and Dean takes deep breaths before he looks towards the door. It's shut tight and he knows that Cas is somewhere on the other side. He has a brief thought for the others, for Jack and Eileen, and even for Miracle, but he knows they can wait for now.
This is his
Dean reaches down to tug the pants out, only to pause as his fingers brush something papery tucked under the pillows. It feels like a photograph, and he pulls it out with gentle hands to see that he’s right.
It’s only because he’s surprised to hear
Neither move for a long time. Eventually, Dean looks away from the window to look at the back of Sam’s head in front of him and he tightens his hand in the dog’s fur. He can feel it coming, knows Sam has been too quiet for too long, and he knows the questions will come even as he wishes Sam would just
“Not here,” Dean says as soon as Sam is in front of him. He shakes his head. “I can’t do it here, Sam.”
His phone is ringing. It’s long since blended into one long continuous noise. He thinks he hears the ping of the occasional voicemail but it doesn’t matter because he’s here and he’s on the cold hard floor and he can’t get up, can’t make his legs move or his arms work, can’t do anything but stare at the blank wall in front of him as his phone vibrates pitifully on the concrete.
Eight hours.
. “And I mean
. He can’t take his eyes off Jack as the young man takes a deep breath before he squeezes his hand into a fist above the cauldron, causing fat drops of blood to drip from beneath his fingers.
And the bees were back to being plain old bees.
“Um. What are you doing?” Dean asked, trying not to be
“I thought that would be easy for you,” said Jack. “You’re so close. You’ve been through such a lot together.”
He looked at Jack until he nodded, very doubtfully.
sincere about what he’d just said – as if he’d given it a lot of thought.
It wasn’t a lie; not really. Dean didn’t have to know that he was already planning to text Claire about looking for secret passages together next time she came to visit.
Dean didn’t storm back in. He came in normally, an hour or so later, and knocked on Jack’s bedroom door.
“I take it you’re giving up coffee from now on, then?” Sam said. “I’m
“You’re practically matching!” said Dean, grinning more widely than ever. “I mean, look at you – you in your trench-coat, Jack in his paddington-bear duffel coat. Wait – come here, stand next to Jack.”
“Jack,” said Dean, after a while. He was speaking very carefully, as if he was considering exactly what to say. “I know that we’ve had our differences in the past. And I know that I’ve been a pretty poor excuse for a dad sometimes. But I could
“Jack,” said Cas, his voice solid as a rock, angry and protective. “Go to your room. I need to talk to Dean.”
He flew himself through to the library, practically crashed on top of Cas, who looked up from the dusty old hardback on bees he was leafing through, startled. “Jack? Are you okay?”
“Well, Gordon Ramsay isn’t here,” Dean said, cutting him off quickly before he could repeat exactly what Gordon Ramsay
“Makes sense,” said Dean. “Since you’re the one who got me into this.” But he didn’t sound too annoyed.
Shards of glass. Marmalade. Mess. Broken, broken, broken.
“It means that no matter how sloppy your swiss rolls turn out… even if everything you bake is bad enough to make Gordon Ramsay rip out his own tongue, even if you burn the entire bunker down to ashes, it won’t matter to us. Not really. We might get angry sometimes, we might lose our tempers a bit – especially me – but it won’t make us stop caring about you. You don’t have to make us do that. You do understand that, don’t you?”
“Because he said so.”
Jack had been so absorbed in listening to Dean speak, and worrying about the idea of these hypothetical vampire gremlin bees, that he’d completely forgotten about the jar of marmalade – and the fact that it was still hanging in mid-air, held up only by his angel powers.
He thought for a moment; then he had a sudden stroke of genius. Why should he rely on the oven when he had his own powers? He’d been God for a while – surely he could make oranges boil more quickly?
“Of course that’s the kind of thing you
Dean made several copies of the photos. One of them, he sent to Claire – before Cas could stop him. She loved it almost as much as Dean did. Another one, he gave to Jack, who carried it around everywhere with him until it got crumpled and faded and he had to print a new one. Dean also kept a copy of the photo for himself. He pinned it on the wall of his room. Jack liked seeing it there, whenever he was in the room – right in the middle, amongst all Dean’s family photos.
seriously suggesting Jack sticks his hand in a pot of boiling water?” Jack thought he sounded slightly unreasonably irate.
. It hung in the air between them, heavy and sour. Everything that had come before this stupid, petty row over Jack’s failed attempts at cooking and a messed-up kitchen. Because that wasn’t what this was about, not really.
A muslin bag, it had turned out, was a piece of fabric with tiny holes in it. That meant that the flavour of the oranges could be absorbed into the marmalade without the pithy bits getting in.
“Yeah, well, Cas is good at that,” said Dean. “He absolutely dotes on you. Always has done. Since before you were even born, I’m pretty sure.”
“Right. Well. Great.” Dean nodded. “We good, then?”
The edges of Cas’s mouth twitched ever so slightly, barely noticeable. Dean, of course, noticed.
films, where the Brown family slowly grew to accept Paddington Bear and that was that. And everything ended up tied-up and happy, and Paddington managed to save the day. Because Paddington Bear could do plenty of things, actually. He knew how to be polite, and kind. He cheered up all the prisoners. He made almost everyone who met him happy. And he never hurt anyone.
But he knew it was his job, to smile and nod and make everything all right. It was the least he could do.
“That was a good movie,” said Cas as the credits rolled, and Jack couldn’t help beaming, because Cas genuinely seemed to mean it.
Jack gave another nod; took a deep breath. That was good.
“I… I think so,” said Jack. “It’s like what Cas always said.”
The flames roared; the water sizzled; the metal bounced; the oranges squelched. And then, eventually, there was silence: and Jack stood quietly in the middle of the kitchen, still as a statue, looking around, slightly awed, slightly panicked.
“I’ll go,” said Cas. “I fear that you and Sam would make fun of him. The temptation would be too much for you to resist.”
, isn’t it? And… I wouldn’t think there’d be much point in that.”
“It’s not about that,” said Cas. “It’s about spending quality time with my son. Remember?”
water, obviously.” Dean gave him a strange look. “We’ll make sure he takes his hand out before the water gets anywhere near that. It’s just so Jack can feel the way the temperature rises for himself. It’s a tip - I saw it in some article on childcare once. Teaches kids about heat in a safe way.”
Dean was busy cooking. Jack hoped whatever he was making would be better than the horrible food the scary cook in the film served up after Paddington Bear got sent to jail.
“What’s it about?” Sam hissed.
But Jack hated having so much choice – he wanted to pick the perfect movie, one that Cas would really enjoy. He hated the idea of making him sit for over an hour, trying to be polite about something that turned out to be really boring.
“Oh. Right.” Dean gaped at him; gaped at them both. “Are you sure? I can help -”
But that clot was still in his throat; that heavy feeling deep in his stomach. Because he knew, really, that Dean hadn’t forgiven him; that he hadn’t changed his mind, from what he’d said the day before. He might be playing nice again, for Cas, but he still didn’t…
“But… but I thought…” Jack frowned. It didn’t make sense. Hadn’t the whole point of Dean trying to be nice to Jack been so Cas wouldn’t been mad at him anymore? So why had he gone to all that bother for Jack and not even
Jack almost thought that Dean meant it. But he couldn’t be sure.
“It’s not just about the marmalade,” said Jack. “It’s… it’s everything else.”
“I was literally God for a while -” Jack started; but Dean had already dashed out. Come to think of it, there was a rather strong smell of burning coming from the kitchen.
“I… think so?” Jack said, vaguely. He was thinking about how Sam wouldn’t have had to make smoothies, if everything had gone to plan. They could have all had marmalade sandwiches. Instead, all there was was mess and an awkward atmosphere which meant Sam was super tired and Cas and Dean had fallen out.
It was Dean. His eyebrows shot sky-high when he saw it just floating there, but, surpisingly, he didn’t comment. “Hey, Jack,” he said. “So, Cas kind of… got this idea in his head that we should set up one of those bee-keeping hive things outside the bunker. Won’t shut up about it, actually. I blame Rowena – she
Jack didn’t quite believe him, but he followed the recipe carefully. He placed all the oranges in, and turned on the pan to the highest setting.
“Oh, yeah!” Jack brightened. He’d completely forgotten about that. “I hope they don’t
“Why?” Jack asked. “You love Cas, don’t you?”
Maybe Dean had been right. Maybe that particular mess hadn’t been such a big deal after all.
The second movie wasn’t
“Do you think there’s more hiding places like this? Or secret passages, even?” Jack liked the idea of that.
“Right,” said Dean, standing up abruptly. “Well. Been a lovely breakfast.
“Look, Cas,” he said, eventually. “I… might have been a bit harsh on the kid yesterday. I’m sorry.”
It was always more difficult to tell, with Cas. Dean would either watch enthusiastically, laughing or gasping out loud at particular scenes, or start to fidget and talk over the film about something completely unrelated; Sam, when he got bored, would surreptitiously take out his phone and start texting Eileen. But Cas always watched intently, no matter how bad or boring or disappointing the movie was, if Jack was the one who’d picked it. That made things difficult.
“That makes sense,” said Jack. “Last time I used my grace to make the bubbles bigger. It didn’t… end very well.”
He looks to see if there’s anywhere the layer of dust has been broken in. It remains solid and continuous right up until the bedside table, which piques Dean’s curiosity, and he reaches around Miracle to pull open the top drawer to see what's inside.
It sounds corny in his head, but he can’t help himself. “Miracle?” he tries, feeling silly even saying it, but he’s surprised when the dog’s head shoots right up and he turns to look back his way, large tongue hanging out of his mouth as he seems to grin at Dean.
“No,” he murmurs, the word sticking to his tongue like hot tar as he feels panic start to build in his chest, as his breaths start to seize, and seeing the steaming small cauldron on the seat of the chair comes with the horrifying realisation that
The touch is so gentle that Dean nearly snatches his hand back in response. It takes a surprising amount of willpower to instead just tighten his other hand in Miracle’s fur to keep himself more grounded as he drops his head and takes in a deep breath. He’s not sure how he’s feeling, overwhelmed if anything, but there’s a resolution starting to work its way into his chest as he knows that this isn’t supposed to be about the case or the nuns or their Dad or any of the self-hatred Dean can feel swelling up in his chest.
The floor is cold.
doing it.
room, it's just a normal room and Cas will be there asking him if he had a bad dream with those knowing eyes and that small smile he saves just for Dean.
Sam’s shoulders slump, Dean hadn’t realised how much tension had been in them, and he looks away. His jaw looks like its ready to snap with how much he’s working it, and Dean really hates that he’s the cause of Sam looking this way.
His phone buzzes again and, this time, when he looks down Sam’s name is clear on the screen, Dean’s tears have long since dried on his face and his throat feels scratchy but empty. It should be easy to reach out and take it, to answer the call and see what damage Chuck has done, but Dean’s chest squeezes as he thinks of what that damage could be. Who else has he failed?
When he wakes, it's with a jolt.
Dean looks at the half-played reel and sighs. It’s this, it’s got to be this. There really is no other alternative.
Sam appears beside the chair after a moment, tipping something crushed in the cauldron before he looks up and spots Dean in the doorway. He calls out something, something Dean doesn’t hear before Sam starts towards him
to this moment.
He can still see his hands, that he knows as he raises them and twists his wrists in circles. He can see himself, but everything else is just an empty void and he nearly snorts at the thought.
He gnashes his teeth and shakes his head, choking on the tears as he pushes himself forward. Forcing the pain of each tortured step to the front of his mind, focusing as much as he can on that as he fixes his eyes on the rift. It’s getting closer, slowly but surely, and soon he’ll be able to reach it.
“I said I couldn’t reach him, Dean, and that’s true,” Jack says, looking earnest even as he returns to scratch Miracle’s ears with both his hands. “The Empty was around long before God and the Darkness. My powers can’t affect anything that happens there, and that's the way it should be.”
Dean believes him. Somehow, he believes him. He lets out a shuddering breath and the tension melts from his shoulders. He bows his head as he tries to sort through the mix of emotions heaped in his chest, trying to find some sense to them.
possibly give
He gives it another go. “Miracle,” he calls, and this time the dog comes towards him, bounding across the ground until he pulls up short just in front of Dean. Dean shakes his head again and reaches out to ruffle the dog’s head. “Miracle it is then.”
them onto the bed in front of him. He stands on wobbly legs, numb from sitting for so long, and he blinks blearily as his other hand naturally draws back into a hard fist.
“Because you’re lying!” Sam yells back, and Dean recoils as Sam steps into his space. “I know something happened that was big but you won’t tell me! Why won’t you tell me?”
He trails off, and Dean can see the cogs turning in Sam’s head as he tries to piece it together. He needs to say something, speak past the hitch in his throat, make sure Sam and Eileen understand before they start to assume.
The Shadow’s
“So… does this mean you’re the new…” Sam starts beside him, drawing Dean’s attention back to see Sam awkwardly waving a hand at Jack. “I mean, what do we call you?”
Briefly, he thinks about stopping by his room and getting changed, but that will mean spending more time in the bunker, with Sam, and Dean just can’t do that. Instead, he climbs the steps two at a time and waits for Miracle to join him at the top before he reaches for the bunker’s door handle.
It doesn’t take long for his thoughts to start to betray him. With each step comes the rising doubt that this could all be for naught. There’s no sign that Cas could be following him, no sounds of footsteps echoing through the Empty like he’s convinced there should be. The urge to turn around just to make sure the Shadow isn’t making a fool out of him builds and builds in his chest until he’s trembling so hard from
“Do you remember,” he suddenly says, his voice choked as he finally lowers his hands to see Sam and Eileen looking back with wide and worried eyes, “the first case Dad sent me on alone?”
The sudden relief that floods down over Dean’s shoulders nearly has him sagging to the ground, his knees weakening as he struggles to stay upright. It can’t be this easy, Dean knows there has to be a catch, but knowing that he’s so
There’s no fight in him, there’s nothing left. He knows that can’t be, that there’s still more to go, still God to defeat and people to save. He finds it hard to think about what could be
was what had caused him to stand in the doorway of the library with determination lacing out over the top of his shoulders, and it's also the reason he’s currently sitting in the middle of said chaotic library with his eyes ready to beat out his head from reading and a half-eaten sandwich on top of one of the most priceless journals they have in this entire bunker.
“No,” he says firmly, offering no room for argument. “You have
He reaches out, places a hand on Sam’s shoulder and gives him a slight shake. It’ll be okay, he wants to say, but he stays quiet and just nods when Sam glances at him. Sam nods back, eyes dark and mouth in a strained smile, but it's
“Something that connects to Cas, okay. What’s the other part?” Dean asks, but Sam just scratches the back of his neck as he refuses to meet Dean’s eyes.
“You’re stronger than I thought,” the Shadow coos, reaching out to knock Dean’s hand from it’s chest. “But know this, Dean Winchester.”
Dean.
Cas threw himself on his own sword, sacrificed himself for not just the sake of the world but for
He returns to the library. Jack’s there, sitting at one of the tables and still in his pajamas with neither Sam nor Eileen in sight. He cuts a lonely figure, hunched shoulders and head bowed, hands clasped tightly together on the table top. Dean pauses for only a moment before he steps forward and rests a hand down on Jack’s shoulder, fingers nesting against the soft wool of his own robe.
It does take him past Sam’s though, and Dean can’t say no when his brother insists on Dean at least having meals with him and Eileen if he’s doing to spend so much time by himself. He doesn’t say much throughout the breakfasts and dinners, just watches as Sam and Eileen sign at each other when they realise Dean won’t be drawn into their conversations. He thinks he’s starting to pick up on what some signs mean, especially what he’s pretty sure is his
After a couple of burgers and two meat patties the waitress hadn’t even blinked at him ordering, Dean starts to look for the nearest department store. Everything he needs for Miracle should be easy enough to acquire from somewhere general like that, although his eyes do follow the local vets as they drive past.
