The Omega fiddled with the switchblade in his fingers. "I've known you long enough, Dean. Something's bothering you."
Castiel trudged in through the front door, tossing his keys into the nearby bowl and absently twisting the deadbolt. He let his shoulder bag slide off one arm onto the floor by the wall, making his way to the kitchen. He got halfway there before Dean slid out, intercepting him with a broad grin.
“I do, I’m happy, I just…why? Why now? I’ve been on your ass for years, Cas.” The Alpha had worked down to a few cancer sticks a day, in addition to obediently following his Omega’s zoning rules on where he could and couldn’t smoke them, but he was still thoroughly hooked.
The parking lot was still mostly empty when they dragged four piled carts outside. Castiel dropped the tailgate and climbed up into the truck's bed, taking what Dean handed up and stacking it as best he could. They still ended up putting a dozen bags in the cramped backseat before Dean got behind the wheel, bound for home.
This seemed to please Dean, particularly when he retained his seat. He still wasn’t sure why that wing was half curled around him, the other still lay flat, but he saw no harm in it. For all he knew this Demon was starved for contact. It did happen, he knew. It was part of why Angels took lovers even if they had no intention of mating. As he understood it Demons were no different. This Demon in particular seemed to have a voracious appetite, if how he talked was any indication. It would certainly explain the hand that was on his knee by the time Buttercup came onto screen.
Castiel nodded, then tapped his husband’s number. He put it on speaker, waiting as it rang. It rang four times before Dean picked up.
Castiel closed his eyes slowly, taking a moment to ready himself for the fourth “we’re big fans!” gush in the last two weeks. The first had been shortly after his initial appearance, when he’d been picking up plant food from the garden store after work. The other three had been over this last week. He’d gotten used to Dean getting the occasional attention, but he was still getting used to being included in that. Normally it didn’t annoy him, but he was still adapting, and he’d been hoping to get through this particular shopping trip without interruption.
Now that he was no longer under her roof they tended to avoid each other, which generally limited the arguments and shouting matches.
“Yeah, because you took him down so easy,” Dean scoffed. “He’s a damn Seraph. I like my face the way it is, I don’t need it broken because I got cocky.”
Dean gently tugged and nudged, guiding Castiel into lying on his stomach. He then lurched upright, sluggishly crawling over until he was perched on the Angel’s lower back. Before Castiel could ask, warm fingers began to brush through the feathers nearest the main bone. Initially Castiel went rigid, unaccustomed to that. It was the one body part he had which Dean had more or less left alone until now. But unlike every other time before when someone had tried to preen him, it felt…
Castiel was quiet for a long minute, staring straight ahead. They drove for another two blocks before he said abruptly, “I’m quitting.”
“Yeah?” He was eyeing Tessa, gaze hard. To be fair, Gabriel was the only one of Castiel’s people he’d met so far besides the younglings that left a good impression.
By the time he and Benny started classes for that semester, he had already made a drop at the University of Kansas Natural History Museum. Funny enough, considering this was hardly the first time he’d done such a thing, there were no extra cameras, no extra security. Within forty-eight hours, Charlie let him know that the announcement had gone out. Apparently yet another anonymous donor had provided a generous donation of one very old illuminated manuscript that had been missing for the better part of two centuries. The Smithsonian was sending a special convoy for this one. Imagining what those pompous scholars would say if they found out how many of their prized additions had been provided by a grease monkey made him snicker.
“I beg to differ.” Castiel refocused on stowing his things, wiping off the white board and shutting down his computer. “I have said this before and I will say it again, if you have requests for Dean you may send them in the usual fashion. I am here to teach you, not to be a direct conduit to Impala67.”
“I dunno, they have some fun toys. I stole my first grenade launcher from them,” the Demon reminisced, smiling fondly.
Charlie kept her mouth shut and eyes wide as they rounded a bend into what was a rough equivalent of main street. There were more people out here than usual, but she opted not to say as much. Besides, they were shrieking and scattering quickly enough they weren’t in danger of being run over.
Castiel hummed absently, lips twitching in a brief smile as Alfie got going high enough to jump, whooping as he flew through the air. He landed on his feet, lurching forward onto his hands before getting upright. Grass and dirt sticking to his palms, he turned right back around and got on the swing again. Ruby, meanwhile, had managed to hoist herself through the bars to sit on them, legs dangling. She seemed content with this, being oddly quiet for a change.
Dean smiled sheepishly, setting aside his plate and getting to his feet. He scrubbed his hands down, then took his backpack into what the apartment floorplans meant to be a second bedroom. Charlie and Gilda had turned it into their tech room, each of them with their own computer setup. A table pushed along one wall functioned as a workspace, roles of plastic, boxes of latex gloves, and a humming document scanner neatly arranged and waiting.
Opening his eyes, which must have been blazing at this point if Sam’s gasp was any indication, he looked down at Balthazar. “Go. Take care of your sister. You don’t need to be here for this.”
Castiel's breath caught as a firm kiss was pressed over his mouth, and he melted almost immediately under the Alpha's touch. Dean slid his free arm around his waist, pulling the Omega's body against his own, the other moving to cup his skull. His mouth molded against the Alpha's as easily as his body, warm and supple and sweet. When they parted it was briefly, and Castiel gave a tiny mewl as he clung to the Slayer's shoulders, refusing to pull away. A brief growl of his own rumbled in Dean's throat, surprising him as he came back for more.
John finally looked up at him, eyes hard. "Like hell you are, boy. You're staying right here, both of you."
“Exactly. Weeding needs to be done and I doubt I’ll have the energy when we get back,” Castiel reminded him, turning back to his work. “Did you get everything ready?”
"I'll be fine. Besides, you need this. Consider it a vacation. Garth will be there, so if you don't come back I know who I'll be turning into a wolf skin rug."
Her answer to this was to stick her tongue out at her father and run around the house. Heaving a sigh, Lucifer put out what was left of his cigarette and went to check on Alfie. He was apparently used to his sister’s antics, and was already swinging again. Satisfied he was unharmed, Lucifer marched after his rampaging demon spawn.
Unbidden, Dean’s face appeared beneath his closed lids. The Angel scowled at that. He’d dealt with plenty of physically attractive individuals over the years and never had such issues. There was no reason for this one to be any different. Though to be fair, it was rare to find an individual whose facial features fit perfectly into the golden ratio. The freckles were delightful, he didn’t remember seeing many with those prior to his being an Angel. If the dark blond hair paired with it nicely, despite the interfering horns, so what? His wife had been a beauty too, but physical attractiveness had never held much meaning. He enjoyed being around those who were pleasing to the eye, but he’d never had the urge to become intimate with them for that reason.
“You- why haven’t you been answering your phone? Who is this? Is he an angel? Was Bobby right? Were those wings? Why did he have six? What was that knife made of?”
“Thank you for the interruption,” he drawled, blade falling into his palm. “I could use the exercise.” Perhaps killing a few Demons would clarify things for his instincts.
One by one, they went around to ask the same question of each of Castiel’s immediate family. All of whom had agreed to take part with varying degrees of enthusiasm. It was almost funny, seeing the contrast of Chuck from his position in an armchair where he’d been nursing something a little harder than the cider, then getting Hanna in the kitchen, fussing with her hair and blouse before finally believing her son’s instance that she looked just fine.
He grimaced at that. Thankfully Dean hadn’t made a video for Baby yet, despite numerous requests. He’d tried, actually, but so far the shortest he’d been able to get one was a full hour. Castiel had managed to extract a promise that he wouldn’t post it until he could at least get it down to forty-five minutes, which was the length of his longest video thus far.
Castiel shrugged, mouth set in a grim line, an old wound giving a painful tug. “It wasn’t a part of my life I enjoyed, or was proud of. It’s funny, I was never bullied because I was gay, it was just because I was odd. They thought I was weird.”
“Did they remove your liver?” Castiel asked incredulously, a little irritated at having to regrow the thing.
“Bingo. So, I figure, I’ve been around long enough and know enough people I can be too useful to gank right away.” Glancing at him sidelong and winking slowly, he continued, “If I can convince a smoking hot Seraph I’m worth keeping around, all the better.”
The look on Dean’s face was rather odd, but he said slowly, “I guess. Never heard it said like that.”
Dean’s eyes got distant again. “Dunno. Sam mentioned he might be coming here next. He hasn’t gone home yet, not sure if mom would let him through the door. I guess he ain’t either, so he’s starting with us kids.”
This seemed to snap Dean out of it, his hands flying up to grasp his muzzle as he stumbled back a step. “Easy, Cas. Don’t look at me like that. You’re…wow.”
“No, Dean. You’re to stay off that foot until it’s properly healed. I intend to keep you sufficiently drugged until then. You can still go to classes but you’re not working on it. The longer you rest the faster you’ll heal.”
A low keen, weak in his own ears, drifted from Castiel’s lips when he saw his Alpha turn, bundle of cloth cradled in his arms. He reached out towards them with an unsteady hand trailing tubes, eyes on his pup. Dean glanced towards him, an awed look on his face. He took slow, careful steps over to the hospital bed, handling the bundle in his arms like the slightest jostle would break it. The softest, quietest rumble Castiel had heard his Alpha make had begun to thrum in his chest, and while he relaxed slightly he only felt at ease when his pup was gingerly passed to him. He’d read about it, but never heard it before. Likely Dean didn’t even know he was making that sound, an involuntary Alpha response meant to calm a pup or mate, particularly a very young pup.
Had he missed a few pronouns? Surely Dean had used a few. Or maybe he’d forgotten them, something he could easily attribute to old habit. Such things were frowned upon, as he remembered it. When he’d been executed things had hardly been looking up for those who preferred alternative lifestyles. While he’d not fallen into that category himself he’d never understood why people seemed so offended, as though they were contagious sinners. Nor had he asked how things had changed. He’d had much, much bigger things to worry about.
Despite what she'd told Bela, she really was worried. Where was he? He wouldn't forget, Dad didn't forget these things. So why...
"Fine, Asa." As Castiel watched, Dean climbed out of a well positioned beneath a Jeep, his forearms streaked with oil, rubbing his forehead. The moment he saw the Omega, though, some of the irritation was replaced with a genuinely happy expression. Castiel felt his own face soften in kind. "Hey, uh, what're you doing here?"
Opting not to dignify that with a response, Castiel shoved the paper under his husband’s nose. “Read.”
“Because no one’s ever had that reaction before.” Turning his full attention to the camera he explained, “Without missing a beat he looked me straight in the eye and said, ‘No, but I did sustain serious injury when I crawled out of hell.’ And if I was so disturbed, why didn’t I take longer to respond?”
Before he could comment, Dean lurched to the doorway. His forehead was sheened with sweat, his skin so ashen Castiel could see his freckles from across the room, wings limp at his back, legs visibly unsteady. He stiffened at the sight of Gabriel, whose blade dropped into his palm. One hand curled into a fist where it was braced against the door jamb, like Dean was honestly prepared to fight for all he could barely stand.
Dean’s attention snapped back to the angel, or more specifically, to the blade he still held. Scowling, he let go of his arm and moved to put himself between the two. “Stand down, Cas. Sam’s my brother. Put that away, now. And do something about the wings, you’re scaring him.”
“Be honest, between me and you, who really killed those Demons? And don’t worry about Dean-o, we’re warded. He won’t see or hear us.”
They didn’t seem to get far before there was a jolt, and Benny got that familiar sense of battle. Again. Great. He didn’t think much about it, he doubted Dean was going to let himself get killed in the home stretch. Even in this state he felt the faint pull of their escape hatch.
This seemed to give the phoenix some degree of amusement. “Shouldn’t you be a little more worried right now?” He looked at the dragon he stood next to, jerking a thumb in Dean’s direction. “He does know he’s about to die, right?”
“Yes. I was in the process of transporting him to the gate for pickup when I received Hannah’s call. He will be providing valuable information for us.” He meant to sound serious, but it was difficult to do when you couldn’t stop smiling. Clearing his throat, he continued, “Hannah, you and the other injured report to the infirmary. Everyone else, back to patrol. Those on the more distant borders will take the place of those posted on this gate. Dismissed.”
“The type of video is still under negotiation but you will have work to do this weekend. When will you have time to do that?”
Castiel leaned against the doorway, head tilted, a smile on his own face as he watched his son tossed around, cackling delightedly. It still baffled him, how adamant some of his people could be about keeping Alphas away from their younglings. He’d seen good fathers as well as bad in his time among humans. In some cases he could see it, certainly with his children’s fathers. But Dean? Dean adored them, was wonderful with them, and they weren’t even his own. Samandriel had never taken to anyone so quickly before.
"That's fine, don't worry about it. Just...let them know I'm in town. I'm over at the Cloverleaf motel, room eight." He fished around in a pocket, taking out a motel key and pushing it across the table.
Dean paused as he sat up, letting go of his hand. He opened his mouth, probably to ask, but he only grunted as Castiel set about flipping them over. Dean did slide out of him, but the Demon only smiled broadly as he was pushed onto his back, Castiel crawling over him. He mimicked the position he’d had at the start last time, sitting astride his lover’s hips, one hand bracing on his chest while the other reached back to get his cock back inside him.
“I don’t know. You do realize I got enough to last a family of four approximately two days?” At least that had been indicated based on the portion suggestions. Accordingly, he’d anticipated it lasting one Demon roughly a week.
“Yes, we’re out of peanut butter.” Normally Dean did the grocery shopping, simply because he also did the cooking. If Castiel was dispatched alone then he would inevitably get the wrong amount, or the wrong brand, or forget things. So he was generally happy to leave it to his husband.
“Yeah?” Dean rocked upright, matching his brother’s glare with one of his own. “Do you have any idea what’s happening to me? Any idea what I could possibly be turning into? Because I sure as shit don’t. I have no idea what’s going on, and every time I get used to one thing another kicks in. I’ve spent years looking, Sammy,
Charlie reluctantly began wiggling free of her warm cocoon. “See that plate? I gatta put my hand on it. It’ll only open if you have will-o’-the-wisp magic.”
"Because I broke one of our oldest laws. I left an Alpha alive after breeding. At current only Gabriel knows, but it's only a matter of time before others find out."
Thankfully, having their own lives and their own families meant they were around less, even for holidays. Dean and Castiel weren’t the only ones who rotated out. This year, they would spend Thanksgiving with the Novak’s, then they would go to Mary’s house for Christmas. So would Sam and Gabriel.
Dean’s breath hitched. They weren’t a guarantee outside of heats, but if an Alpha was hot enough and came enough it could happen, if only with their mate. However long it’d been since they’d been intimate, it had been much longer since he’d had Castiel’s knot.
“At least before the Men of Letters seemed to be unaware. I was under the impression they were doing this job freelance.”
The man outright snorted at that. "Yeah, right. If you were that easy to push around Dean wouldn't have mated you. I'm not asking for you to set anything up, I'm asking for you to hear me out."
Dean thought about protesting further, but he caught Jody’s eye. She stood behind Sam’s seat, giving a subtle shake of her head. Her mouth was set in a firm line, but her eyes were twinkling. So rather than scold his brother further, Dean hooked an arm over his shoulder and thanked him for the gift.
“Then get him a laptop and a Netflix account or something. Sammy’s been binging stuff for the last few weeks. It’ll be worth it, trust me.”
The Alpha did offer him one, but when Castiel shook his head ate one himself, then poked through the rest of the supplies at the nest's edge. He went through each provision, offering Castiel everything before setting it aside. He accepted dried dates and apricots, as well as dried strips of meat. The human seemed particularly fond of the latter, and turned his nose up at the flatbread Castiel liked to nibble on.
After a very long six hours it was finally light enough Castiel felt confident they could leave the circle with some degree of safety. As he'd anticipated, the wendigo was hiding out in a nearby cave system. They even found two of the victims still breathing after the monster was lit up like a walking bonfire.
He was surprised to find himself swept up by the waist and spun in a circle by his beaming mate. “That’s awesome! My kids are gonna be dragons.”
“Nope. More like half a million. Two-hundred thousand and sixty hits,” Dean corrected. “Between the followers, subscribers, shares, re-tweets, and various media platforms, yeah.”
The Angel nodded. They ate mostly in silence after that, Castiel pondering. He wanted to please the Demon, make him happy as Dean had tried to do for him. He liked to cook, and he was running out of ingredients. So he would procure more.
engage with someone, as much out of obligation as to see what all the fuss was about. I found it lacking.” Not wishing to think of such things right then, he bent to peck his lover’s lips, then went to work on pink nipples. They were lighter than his own, which were more of a dusky shade, and pebbled on the Demon’s chest.
The Omega was starting to shiver a bit, and began to wander the yard as Dean lifted Samandriel onto his shoulders so he could make the snowman’s face. Two coal eyes, a carved-out mouth, and a carrot nose pointing askew. Limbs had been thrust into either side of its middle ball to form arms, kitchen mitts put on the ends, an old scarf wrapped around its neck. Dean didn’t have a top hat, never mind a spare one, so Samandriel had had to settle for an old trucker cap he’d dug out of the closet.
“He thought it was going to be like origami, or mizuhiki. He liked that one class where they did sailors knots, but he didn’t realize just what it was until after he there.”
Castiel didn’t bother asking why Dean was giving in. It was his habit, and it was the nature of his work. Part of why Dean was so good at his job was because he listened to his viewers. Much to Castiel’s dismay, word had gotten around that not only was Dean not single and ready to mingle, he was married. To another man, no less. He’d managed to lose followers then gain nearly double that amount overnight at the revelation of his non-heterosexuality. While he still refused to talk about it Dean was, in truth, a confirmed bisexual. He’d had more female partners over the years than male ones, but it just happened to be a man he’d fallen in love with. Castiel has had a feeling he’d be caving to the demands as to their relationship and the story behind it soon enough, but apparently the requests were already mounting. And Dean endeavored to never disappoint his viewers.
“Exactly. What are we supposed to think when you vanish like that? Now I find you out here with a choir boy.” She tutted at him, shaking her head. “I mean, he’s an excellent specimen if you’re going to roll through the hay with one of these halos, but I thought you had standards.”
Never in his life had he been so utterly dominated. Their previous position and pace had been more intimate, what he understood to be love making. This was almost something else. To be mounted and fucked by an Alpha was both an action of trust and of surrender. Being spanked had somehow only made this experience even more enjoyable, which struck him as odd but nothing to complain about. He was far more vulnerable in this position than he had been on his back, on his belly with his posterior raised, pinned beneath an Alpha that was, at current, bigger and stronger than him. In a sense he was helpless, on top of having that same Alpha between his spread legs, doing such intimate and pleasurable things to his body. To be mounted was to surrender, to either trust implicitly or be forcibly bent to an Alpha's will. If Dean chose to mate him now, he could do nothing but accept it. Until today the idea of being mated quelled him to his core, and yet…where every dragon had induced a sense of revulsion at the idea, Castiel found himself wishing Dean really would mate him.
The Omega took his mate’s cock between his lips, relaxing his throat with the ease of long practice. He took his time, bobbing his head, swallowing, humming around it, lapping eagerly as his right hand stroked what wasn’t in his mouth.
The camera only came out a few more times after that, to capture a hawk taking flight and go over some flowers Castiel hadn’t expected to bloom so early. They reached the lookout point around noon as Castiel had hoped. He made sure to get a good, panoramic shot of the whole thing before sitting back to enjoy it himself. There was no one else up there at the time, so he and Dean had the place to themselves. They sat on a rock and took in the view as they ate sandwiches and pork rinds, staying nearly an hour before they headed back down again. Castiel would have liked to of stayed longer, but some more hikers were coming up and Dean was getting tired.
“I think it’ll be worth the Impala getting a little dusty in the dirt parking lot,” Castiel told him gently.
“I don’t know,” Castiel whimpered, writhing under a hot tongue and lone, taunting finger. “Never had an Alpha before. Got horny sometimes, sure, but…
“That should have been good enough from the beginning. I’m sorry it took so long for me to admit that.” Smiling tiredly, John returned his gaze to Castiel. “Keep taking care of him, would you?”
No sooner had the words left his mouth than he noticed what Castiel was now staring at. He hesitated, but then reluctantly pulled Baby into the parking spot outside their room. The one John was now standing in front of, arms folded, face set in a frown. A sheepish looking Sam was at his side. Dean glanced at his watch. So much for the standard four hours. The sun was just barely starting to peek up over the horizon, yet here John stood, as bright eyed and bushy tailed as it was physically possible for him to be.
A hand fisted around his cock, slowly stroking it as his Alpha thrust his tongue inside his dripping hole.
“He wouldn’t let me see it because he stole the damn thing,” Dean informed her, slumping back in his seat and pulling off the black knit hat he’d had pulled low over his ears until now. As much for camouflage as to keep from shedding DNA evidence. “Even when he gets back and finds out it’s gone, he can’t report it. He got it illegally over the black market. We’re in the clear.”
The Omega hummed, turning in his mate’s hold so he could burry his face in his neck. He ran his hands up Dean’s chest, wrapping them around his shoulders. “Going to keep me here, Alpha? Safe and sound under your protection? Mmm, I wonder what the elders would say, a dragon locked in a tower guarded by a Slayer.”
Claire, as her mother had feared, became a handful the moment she figured out how to walk. She had her father’s blond hair and her mother’s cobalt eyes, though they never agreed on where she got her spirit. Castiel was convinced it came from Dean, his mate swore it was from the Omega. Regardless, she only sat still when she wore herself out or if you somehow managed to contain her attention. At four she was shoving a pup twice her size to the ground because he was picking on another youngling. At five she had to be coaxed down from the treetops she loved to climb. They got her into sports just to burn off the extra energy the moment she was old enough, which worked, more or less. She burned herself out, made friends, but then she started using her sporting equipment as weaponry when she witnessed injustice. Dean had begun taking her to karate classes after that.
Basket still over one arm, Castiel walked the mile from the village's main street to his cozy cottage near the Haven's edge. It was larger than the ones he'd had before, and after a bit of construction was able to afford all three children their own room. He had a decently sized herb garden in the backyard, next to a playset with swings and a slide and monkey bars. The basement had been converted to be his workroom, the dining room a study room. While Balthazar and Charlie went to school with everyone else in the morning, younglings were taught magic by their mothers, often in the afternoon. Today was Saturday, so he had them all day to help carry things. Otherwise he preferred running errands when he only had one child to keep up with.
With that, he pulled the trigger. It was an interesting thing, seeing the top of a Demon’s skull explode even as his soul flickered. Castiel’s lips twitched when his lover turned around, a self-satisfied expression on his face.
"Relax, Cassie, I dated a hunter last year. It didn't work out, and not because she kicked ass at her day job."
Castiel had honestly avoided breeding initially because he disliked the process itself, he’d never had anything against the results. Not the actual physical act per-say, that part was generally enjoyable. Sometimes the human Alpha would try to mate them, but even if they did bite him, so long as it wasn't reinforced afterward it wouldn't take. His people had many names, depending on the culture, but the most accurate was will-o'-the-wisp. They were cousins to both the Fay and to witches, with various capabilities that included the ability to travel over great distances in a form that resembled a flame.
“No.” He still felt stunned, but he was hardly upset. Slowly, a wide smile began to crawl up his face. One he had no control over whatsoever.
“I know the last time they offered you something of that nature it involved more than you were willing to do.”
“How the hell are you asking about me? Your own mother just tried to kill you. She almost killed Charlie. And why the fuck didn’t you tell me I’m warded?”
Castiel folded his arms, glaring at the convertible. Instead of merging to one lane for roadwork as the signs had indicated, and as the majority of sensible drivers had, she’d gone to the very end and forced her way over, right in front of them too. He hated it when people did that. It slowed up already sluggish traffic.
The entirety of that day, and the next, were something of a roller-coaster. Castiel refused to leave Dean’s side for most of it, to the point the human had to explain that things like relieving oneself generally required privacy. He lost count of the number of times he had to explain personal space to the angel. It was bad enough when they were alone, but it got worse when they were ordered to go see Bobby and Jody or have them come banging on his door. At least no one else could see this proximity often coincided with having at least one wing curling around Dean’s person. The only good thing to come of the ongoing ordeal was that his adoptive parents noticed, and counted it as points in Castiel’s favor. Dean was annoyed at how often he found himself tripping over him, but Jody seemed to find the whole thing amusing.
All three Alphas turned to stare at the last speaker. Castiel stood in the doorway, a distraught look on his face. He was clutching a jar of honey in one hand, apparently forgotten. The Omega had had a fondness for it before, but lately he'd become addicted.
Castiel was careful to stay out of the shot, watching his elder brother as he leaned up against the house, taking a drag from his cigarette. He wished he wouldn’t smoke, but he’d been making strides since Ruby was born. One pack a day had been whittled down to an as-needed basis.
Gradually, like the tide drawing away from the shore, intense waves of pleasure subsided until he was left with an encompassing sense of happiness and wellbeing. Warm lips were pressing a trail down his neck and across his collar bone, a possessive growl rumbling in the Alpha's throat. Castiel smiled faintly, humming happily at the sensation only to whine his dismay as a limp cock was withdrawn from him. He felt oddly empty without Dean inside him, he didn't like it.
“Only because you already know how,” Castiel reminded her, opening the back door. “Please, enjoy yourselves. I’ll be back in a few hours.”
The limp wings weren’t in much better shape, cut and battered for all they appeared capable of meager flight. His horns confirmed Castiel’s theory, though. Demons had to survive a century or two before horns were more than points thrusting out of their temples. These were akin to rams horns.
“I came to check on you. I brought you lunch.” Sam motioned to the table, where some takeout was waiting. But in the process of looking, Dean also saw all the blood he’d left trailed everywhere.
"Cas....Cas I stink I'm dirty and I need..." He trailed off with a groan, then braced his hands on Castiel's shoulders. "If I'm gonna be making a stock run tonight I need.....I gatta....son of a bitch.....
Castiel glared at him. “I specifically told you mine was the one with the foil over it. Yours had plastic wrap. It wasn’t that hard.”
Samandriel still didn’t seem so thrilled, but he let himself be set on the ground and followed Castiel into the kitchen. The Omega got them both bundled back up, making sure Samandriel’s coat was zipped all the way up, his hat pulled all the way down, his mittens on the right hands. He opened the door as Dean zipped up his own jacket, following them out onto the porch. Samandriel made his way to the step’s edge, then turned abruptly and ran back to Dean. He threw his arms around the Alpha’s thighs, which was as high as he could reach, giving him a brief if firm hug.
“You’re sure you want to go to class tomorrow?” Sam asked that evening, after they’d eaten their Chinese takeout. Dean still had the mother of all headaches, but his appetite had returned to normal. “Most people are good about giving you some leeway when something like this happens.”
TV’s had come a long way since their early years. Castiel was simultaneously dismayed and impressed. The entire process took far longer than it should have. Not only did he have to find a screen, there were boxes and devices that went with it. This ‘streaming’ business was apparently the latest thing. Still, at least it was more compact than the VHS tapes he remembered.
Castiel paused, eyes narrowing slightly. “I left them alive, I removed traces of my presence, and I adjusted their memories. It would be less trouble. Hunters tend to keep track of their own, and I have no interest in involving myself with the Men of Letters.”
“That’s one way of putting it, I suppose. I would have done it eventually, but frankly I don’t trust my mother to be rational when the truth comes out.”
“Yeah, but he wouldn’t let me go to work,” he grumbled. “He won’t let me do anything, actually. It’s driving me nuts. I tried to make my own breakfast this morning and he wigged out on me.”
He stopped, barely holding in a groan, rolling his eyes before slowly turning around. So close. Just two more steps and he could have made the stairs. He usually took the elevator, but not if Marv was in his office. Generally the guy just made snide comments or asked nosy questions, and was a vague presence his tenants tried to avoid. When he turned around, that weirdly smug smile was on the nebbishy man’s face. It wasn’t a good look.
“They are. And they like you, which they told Mom and Dad. You’ll be fine, just relax for fuck’s sake.”
Sadly, the weird things that followed him around didn’t get better. If anything, they got worse. When a professor announced a pop quiz one morning the lights flickered and the projector blew a fuse. There was a brief panic when smoke curled from the box, but it didn’t actually catch fire, possibly because Dean had frantically started thinking happy thoughts. When someone cut him off in traffic all four of their tires burst into flame. After a customer started yelling at him about how much it was going to cost to cover the extensive maintenance their vehicle had needed, all the papers got blown around the room, but at least the customer was freaked out enough they paid without further complaint. When a classmate tried to cheat off his test paper in a math class their chair’s legs all gave out at once, and he wacked his chin so hard against the desk on the way down he started bleeding.
He trailed off when he saw Dean round the isle’s end with their cart, a knowing grin crossing his husband’s face when he recognized the situation. “Meet some fans, Cas?”
Castiel brushed his hand over his face, grimacing when the contusions didn’t heal. Wonderful. Deciding speed would be his best option, he poured raw grace into his veins. It wasn’t a good idea long term, but it was the equivalent of human adrenaline on steroids.
“I’m just hoping we don’t run into anyone we actually know,” he sighed. “I think the only reason I’ve been able to do it up until now is because it’s easy to think of there being no audience.”
“You’re one of those compulsive scrollers. Whenever you get bored or you’re waiting on something you’re on Facebook or Twitter.”
Eventually he'd come back to his home country, finding a comfortable cave to settle in. He'd made it his home, but that had lasted all of a year before he realized this wasn't what he wanted. Castiel didn't dare admit it to anyone, for assorted reasons. Not that he knew that many people to tell. Half the people would take it the wrong way, the other half would screech "traitor" and try to knock some sense into him.
“I’m an angel in a land of abominations. There had been things hunting me from the moment we arrived.”
“We’re just gonna stick a pin in that. I ain’t about to start a serious argument with the guy in charge of handing out Ding Dongs. What’s the next question?”
He was stowing the medallion when Gabriel sucked in a shuttering breath, lids flickering open. He gasped, coughed, then wheezed, “Cassie?”
Dean was five years into his sentence. He was still bound to Castiel’s home, save for when he was brought elsewhere to impart information or aid in interrogations. When he wasn’t doing that, and amusing himself by poking at whomever had had the misfortune of guarding him that day, he seemed content at Castiel’s home.
“There is a reason your car insurance is so much more expensive than mine.” And it wasn’t simply because his car was newer and had all the modern safety features, like seatbelts and airbags.
He wasn’t sure how much time passed after this before he smelled it. Sulfur. More importantly it wasn’t the faint trace of a teleport. It was the full-blown scent of an in-the-flesh Demon that had come in for a landing. One had teleported near here. Why? To see if it was still a fortified position?
"It was four," Dean corrected. He didn't put an arm around the Omega but he did move a little closer, until their fingers brushed. "That last one was a rude son of a bitch. I guess they were scraping the bottom of the barrel."
Jimmy was put to bed first, he was the youngest and asleep against his mother’s shoulder as he was carried to his crib. After the day he’d had Henry was half asleep by the time Dean got him to his bed, pulling off his boots and putting his blanket over him. The twins demanded a story, though, which Castiel was obliged to provide. Per usual they insisted that since there were two of them they needed two stories, and since arguing with them would be even more draining than an extra story their mother gave in.
Dean groaned softly as he dragged himself back onto the coffee table, resting his cheek on cool wood. He felt exhausted, but there was no way he was falling asleep when it felt like Garth was using his back as a chew toy. Or maybe like an oversized cat was busily sharpening their claws on his shoulder blades. Every now and then the steady pulsing would be supplemented by a spark of sharp pain, or a jerk as something twisted or turned on its own. With daylight starting to brighten his apartment, Dean had gotten a good look at the floors on his crawl back to his current post. Apparently at some point he’d started leaking blood, and he was very glad he couldn’t feel these damned wings yet. Not only were there smeared trails of drying crimson trailing across his floors, but swaths of blood were on two walls and one counter. When he looked back, he saw more streaking the bathroom door three feet from the floor.
Meg, who’d resumed her seat, leaned over to chip in. “They threw a drink on him and everything. It was just like a movie, Dean-o. You really need to make an announcement or something, poor Clarence can’t have friends without someone accusing him of adultery. I didn’t think YouTubers had this kind of fan. It might not annoy him, but it’s annoying me. And you know what happens when I’m annoyed.”
Castiel shrugged, unrepentant. “I still fail to understand why, though the results are difficult to argue with.”
"Oh. That was part of our breeding ritual. We have herbs and magic that allow us to suppress our heats until we decide we want to produce younglings."
In the next bay over he heard a bang, followed by a curse. Metal clattered, followed by a muffled, "Damn it, Cas!"
Castiel was used to this, had no problem keeping the walls that would ensure Samandriel wouldn’t stray to certain parts of his mind. But Dean bolted upright, eyes wide, face rapidly going pink. “Oh shit,” he choked, clamping his hands over his eyes.
The Angel sidestepped in the shower stall, carefully expanding one wing. He ran it under the stream, ruffling the feathers, combing his fingers through them carefully. Then he moved to do the same to his opposite wing. Not too much, otherwise the oils would be cleared completely and his feathers would get dry, but he liked cleaning them. It felt good, and kept the jet black feathers healthy. On their good days, without battlefield dust and muck and blood, they were so dark and gleaming their sheen was navy blue. They were his one vanity, something he was quite proud of. His vessel supposedly looked a good deal like he had in his human life, but he cared little for it beyond its functionality. But his wings? They were broad, powerful, strong, nimble, but only if properly maintained. Something it seemed to take fledglings time to understand.
After a moment’s consideration Castiel decided, “eight, but they don’t bloom all at once. I’m thinking about adding lilacs.”
It was delicate work, mending ribs, undoing the damage done to a lung. He started with that first, sealing the wound, burning away blood and anything else that had started to fill it. When Gabriel was breathing easier, he focused on bone and flesh. A generalized spell would mend the cuts and bruises. He set knitting spells to work on the rest of his ribs. All were long-term spells, he’d be on bedrest for a week, but they were thorough.
The hands that griped his hips didn't move him into position for a rough and ready start to their breeding process. Instead they flipped him onto his back, leaving him staring up into the flushed face of a blatantly aroused Alpha. Castiel could see the light of his own fire, burning in his eyes at the heightened instincts, reflected in the Alpha's own cornea's.
“He would be a very dead fucker,” Castiel confirmed, eyes narrowed thoughtfully. “I’ve had offers in the past, but none recently.” After a beat he admitted, “I’d been rethinking my refusals, about the time I discovered you.”
“DTF? Beast with two backs? Bang? Bone? Afternoon delight? Doing the nasty? Nothing? Not even a quickie?”
“I think we can agree you enjoy the candy more than I do,” Castiel admitted. “The house is more your territory, but I do enjoy helping you.”
That had been one of Dean’s own arguments many times before. Supposedly it had also been motivation for his previous quitting attempts. That said, all previous quitting attempts had been done with weaning. Not cold turkey.
Benny exchanged a look with Dean, who gave a faint nod and set down his primary weapon, drawing out a smaller blade. “Alright, you ready? Just like we talked about.” He rolled up the sleeves over his left arm, baring his forearm and making a cut across the middle.
Gadreel blinked once, twice, then slowly faced forward again. It took a few seconds, but he did slowly remove his foot from the break. The SUV began to roll forward again, heading down the drive. Samandriel felt it when they crossed the barrier, which was indeed nearly visible. Castiel had been reinforcing it for over two decades now, it was expected to be strong.
For his part Castiel opted not to ask. Anymore than he questioned the peculiar name Gabriel had for Sam. They'd been courting for over six months, and frankly Castiel was amazed there wasn't a mark on his cousin's neck yet. He'd called Gabriel as soon as they'd made it home, and eight short days later he and Sam had gone out on their first date. There were bumps in the road, of course, but otherwise things seemed to be going well.
He was going to see what vehicles needed what when Bobby came in a different door, grumbling about entitled idjits under his breath. When he saw Dean, surprise crossed his face. “Decided not to call out?”
“At first,” Dean admitted, scuffing a foot on the asphalt. “But not for a while. Not now. Look, I never wanted a mate, alright? Never liked the idea of being tied down. But the idea of never seeing you again is…it’s fucking unbearable, alright? And the idea of someone else hurting you or kissing you pisses me off. I like fucking you, I like talking with you, hell I like just drinking a beer and watching a movie with you. I ain’t any good at this, but even I know when it’s time to lock someone down.”
A hand stroked through his hair as the Omega caught the base of his hard cock, wrapping his lips around its head. He hummed softly, probing the slit with his tongue before slowly sliding down its length. Dean groaned low in his throat, his scent musky and heady in the Omega’s nose. Considering how adamant his people were about such things, about how unpleasant and degrading they were, Castiel found he rather enjoyed it. Enjoyed tasting Dean, having him in his mouth, giving him such pleasure. Particularly when Dean had no compunction about returning the favor.
“I’ll take your word for it.” Looking to the camera he added, “Or he’ll start listing them. Seriously.”
Castiel’s first instinct was to shake it off. He opened his mouth to say, “Nothing”, but the word didn’t come. When he tried again, he said slowly, “I want one of those.”
Careful to keep himself cloaked to human eyes, the Seraph touched down just outside their door, studying the wards. They could be delicate things, the slightest change could corrupt them. Either this batch of hunters was lazy, or they weren’t overly favored by their masters in the Men of Letters. All the wards were of the same two designs.
Bela didn't look like she believed her, but went back over to where her friends were. When Hazel had told Dad about them, he'd called them groupies. Papa hadn't approved, but once the definition was provided she thought it was accurate.
Abaddon, to his dismay, was a much better opponent than Uriel. She put up more of a fight. Within a minute both were panting, bloody, and bruised. Castiel backed up, putting some distance between her and him as soon as it was safe to do so in an attempt to catch his breath. This wasn’t good, he was reluctant to summon his squadron for a Knight of Hell but he might not have a choice.
“Agreed. But the fact is I did tell you. When you asked just what kind of a name was Castiel I explained that it was the name of an angel and my father was a theology professor.”
“Yes. Well, at the time I thought we had similar priorities. Like getting a car to replace the lemon I had at the time. It had so many problems the repairs were beginning to outweigh the car’s worth. Not to mention various other things. There was a laundry list. But then he finds out that a big tech store was having a sale on these big screen TV’s for Black Friday. Bear in mind that the only reason I participate in it now is because I can do so from the comfort of my computer. I have never braved the hordes, nor do I plan to. Ever. Nothing is worth it.”
Uneasy, he rolled his shoulders, trying to bring out his wings. Nothing. He tried again, but while they batted the air around him, they remained transparent.
The Omega gasped as he set a rough pace, biting his lips and moaning with abandon. Each smack of skin on hot raw flesh hurt but oh gods it felt so good. Even now, after bearing his mate kits and years of being filled countless times, he yearned for this, to feel Dean inside him. On him, around him, twining together until he was so mad with pleasure he had difficulty telling where he ended and Dean began.
“One of these days you’re going to have to tell me how you managed to teach there for six years and somehow no one knew you were married to me,” Dean informed him. “But whoever saw me there spread the word. They know your name, where you work, and what you do. They want to get to know you, Cas, that’s all. Right now all they’ve got is gossip from your students.”
It was several days after they'd left Virgil on the roadside when Castiel asked, "Is something wrong?"
“Us?” Castiel repeated, head tilted. He’d been trying to stay out of this, for all he’d kept tabs on the happenings.
“Never mind,” the Demon huffed, folding his arms. “I’ve been making it last, thought you’d be gone longer. The list is on the table.”
Even as he’d been pelted with curses and smacked repeatedly with a fist Castiel had held him, waiting until the tears had stopped to hold him at arm’s length. Fingers tipped in black polish had brushed away the wet streaks, resettled his glasses, and grasped his shoulders. He’d asked numerous firm if gentle questions after that, if there was anyone he could go to, could he get away before John came home, did he need any help getting his things together.
Castiel didn’t comment. What was there to say? Pursing his lips, he mentally went back over his various stashes that would be easiest to get to from here. What would be in them. There was still some money left from the old man’s stash, but at this rate it wouldn’t last long.
The Angel was weighing the benefits of showing himself, or taking them by surprise to end it quickly, when he heard a rough voice growl, “If you’re gonna kill me at least show me your face.”
While he was fond of Dean’s taquitos, especially with his handmade salsa and guacamole, Castiel was in the mood for comfort food. “Burgers, please.”
Balthazar's eyes narrowed. It wasn't the excuse, Castiel knew. Others did such things with their younglings, and he'd had every intention of doing the same with his own in due time. He'd promised to take Balthazar out on his thirteenth birthday, to spend an entire week visiting various locations of magical or historical significance.
He was rewarded by a softening in Dean's features. "Yeah. It was one of those things you can do a lot of stuff with and still convince a kid to eat it. Right up there with mac 'n cheese."
The Angel frowned. His wings ruffled a little at his back. “Just because my wings are feathered does not mean I’m kin to an avian.”
“I don’t want you to,” John interjected. “Your mother and I…that’s another can of worms. Right now I’m trying to see if there’s a chance my own children will start talking to me again.”
The process wasn’t rushed, Dean seemed content to take his time, and Castiel had no complaints. Better still, the longer it went on the more comfortable he got. When he did feel an orgasm in the offing, he abruptly decided to try postponing it a bit more.
Sam groaned. “It’s not like you already know who it is, and all the professionals say it’s better to have someone on hand to help you out.”
From the look on Ms. Talbot’s face, she wasn’t anymore used to being denied than Bela was. For a moment she stood there, an odd shocked and angry look on her face. Her mouth even hung open a little, like a fish. Then it snapped closed, her face going hard.
That got a tiny smile out of Dean, one that pulled on the scabs on his lips. “Nah, just down a flight of stairs.”
"Believe it or not I do possess a few moral limits. Out of respect for your claims I won't attempt to bring them with me. I'll go back and inform your family that you were beyond my reach." Eyeing the brothers he added, "Though I never understood why you'd allow an Omega to mark
Castiel obediently sat, watching him. Dean puttered about, fetching the last two beers, putting on a western movie involving cowboys. Dean was fond of his westerns. When he settled back down, he reached over and took the Angel’s hand.
Looking at the paper still in his hand, Castiel read, “Who watches the most TV?’ Does that mean shows, movies, or just in general?”
Dean cracked a smile. “Yeah, what he said. The rest of the trip went fine. Biggest problem we had was when we got lost in Palo Alto.”
Castiel grimaced. He set aside the knife, leaving the pound cake uncut. The elder Omega must truly realize how bad this was to turn down cake.
At least this didn’t seem to anger Dean all over again. Instead he just shook his head, grumbling, “You sound like a robot.”
“Yeah. Don’t get me wrong, it works just fine, but this newer stuff is better. Get water-based if you can.”
Seeing his chance, Dean turned so John could see Castiel, but he still stayed between his mate and his father. "Ask him yourself."
Benny glanced over at him, lips curled in a bemused smile. “Especially if a museum finds it on their doorstep in a few weeks.”
Within two days of getting his crates Castiel turned Dean’s basement into his new workroom. Even if he couldn’t do much without a crystal battery, he wanted to be ready. Plus there was something of a comfort factor.
“You Angels are always wearing suits and slacks and shit. Seriously, what’s the point? They ain’t even comfortable.”
There were approximately five clusters of hunters in Canada that were acting under the Men of Letters orders with Men of Letters gear. In the nearest states south of the border, there were three. Men of Letters were aware of Angels and Demons, more so than most humans. They had treaties of sorts, he’d known Demons and Angels alike who’d worked with them over the years. Otherwise, they kept out of the affairs of Heaven and Hell, and the favor was returned. Castiel had never dealt with them directly before, but if this first attempt didn’t work he might have to resort to it. Some were well enough, others were not. There was a reason he preferred hunters.
Castiel pulled Dean to his feet, urging him back towards the cabin. “I will bring Thai food. Is that satisfactory?”
Dean stared at him hard for a long moment, then asked, “You seriously thought she might attack you? Attack us?”
“If you attempt that again, I will render your limbs and you will just have to explain your condition to Sam.”
With that, she proceeded to slam her forehead forward. Since she was a bit shorter than him, their weapons raised out of the way, this meant her blow caught him squarely in the mouth. He held his ground, even as his eyes watered and his mouth filled with blood. She’d split his lip.
“What do you want, Marv?” It had been a long-ass day. Since this morning he’d gotten to deal with an exam, getting nailed with a group project with the least responsible people he’d ever met, a flat tire on the way to work, and no less than three entitled douchebags who thought they knew more about their cars than he did. It was late, he was tired, and he was
"Why didn't he tell me?" Dean asked, dazed. He was still trying to wrap his head around the fact that Castiel had been pregnant. They might have an active sex life, but they were careful. He made sure his mate always had a good supply of birth control and heat suppressants, no doubt the pills John had been referring to. They kept plenty of condoms on hand too, taking every precaution. How had he still managed to get pregnant?
It was an instinctive reaction, really. He’d been drugged, kidnapped, almost killed multiple times, now this. Dean lurched forward, hand in motion before he could give it much thought.
“Not with everything, Cassie.” Gabriel ate the last of his chocolate, shrugging away from his tree. “I gotta bounce. But think about it, alright? I don’t know if they’ll let me have another pet, and he’ll be needing a keeper when he’s well enough to take upstairs. What with your recent accomplishments and your pristine record, I think they’ll be open to the idea. Oh, and thanks for the names. I’ve been putting them to use.”
"Remind me to kill her when we get back," the Alpha stated, gingerly folding him into the Impala's passenger seat.
“Alfie is better suited to where he is now,” Castiel agreed. He hesitated a beat, stopping a respectful distance from the Archangel. “Cloak and dagger?”
Dean, who’d gotten himself to the doorway, gave a shaky smile. “Never was good at following instructions. Look, I’m good, see?”
“No, of course not,” Dean hurridly assured him. When this earned him a dubiously cocked eyebrow, he added, “Didn’t Mom throw in Christmas cookies? Have a Christmas cookie while we start with the first question.”
Castiel smiled faintly. “I never got attached to anyone who didn’t share my exclusive lifespan because I knew I would outlive them. For a time it was a boon, I got to see the world, watch history in motion, experience more than a human could in a lifetime. But eventually it gets lonely. I suppose that’s why I caved to my mother’s wishes, settled down to produce younglings. It’s not something I regret, particularly if that choice led me to you. I look forward to growing old with you, Dean.”
“That actually works, people will trade more modern currency for older currency.” Gabriel clapped him on the shoulder, grinning. “Have fun. Use Alfie again if need be, but I’ll be keeping tabs on things here. Hopefully there won’t be a need to make contact until you get him patched up.”
Castiel’s lips twitched in amusement. It was late morning by this point, so they’d spent far more time in route than he normally did to reach Dean’s residence. Working magic, or tapping into their powers, tended to drain the body’s reserves. The larger and more intense the working, the hungrier it left the worker in question. It could also leave them very drowsy. Thankfully Balthazar had had enough practice at this age that he wasn’t very tired yet, just hungry.
The Alpha had set a skillet he'd washed by hand on a dishtowel, drying his hands on another, when he finally looked up through the window. He froze, eyes widening, for a moment holding perfectly still. Then he ducked away, moving back through the house. As Castiel watched a backdoor was thrown open, a beam of light falling over the porch and part of the backyard. The silhouette in the doorway carried a gun, not that it bothered the Omega. Instead he waited, watching as the weary figure made his way off the porch and towards his flame.
“That’s gonna be all for now. This is the last of the holiday specials for the time being. If you like what you say, like, comment, and subscribe down below. Travel safe, the weather can be freakishly frightful this time of year. Happy holidays, whatever you celebrate and wherever you are. Stay safe, Gotham!”
“Um, aside from generally requiring nudity it’s been some time since I’ve considered the mechanics of love making between two biological males.”
Castiel’s brows shot up, turning to face him. “That’s a bold move. Knights of Hell are hardly the standard demonic soldier. They’re not to be taken lightly.”
“Not if I’m at risk of being seen by humans who will panic or try to attack me. Most won’t do any damage, but it complicates things.” He lifted his tail so Dean wouldn’t step on it or trip over it, amused when the Alpha stopped to run a hand over it as it arched over his head. “I’d rather not stay like this long, Dean.”
“What do you care? You’re the one who’s letting it go to ruin,” Dean pointed out. His right hand was dangling over the edge of his chair, fingers stroking the Omega’s hair.
“Need to get supplies,” the Angel protested, even as he dipped his head to nuzzle his neck. He liked Dean’s scent.
In truth there hadn't been many such conversations, though the older they'd become the more regular their frequency. If you could call five minutes once a year 'regular'. For a while it had been a blessing, after his miscarriage and the subsequent trauma. John had only compounded the horror of it, cutting him off from his mate, uncaring that the emotional and psychological blow had been far worse than the physical pain he'd endured. It had been years before he could even consider a voluntary attempt at children without feeling ill, for all he was fond of them. Dean had had guilt of his own, not that Castiel had blamed him for the ordeal. Serious discussion on the subject had only begun a few years ago. Dean loved kids, he was wonderful with them, and for all he seemed unwilling to admit it outright there was a part of him that wanted children of his own. His Omega didn't have the natural ease with them, at least he didn't think so. Dean had insisted otherwise. What's more...the idea of having a child of his own was no longer daunting and frightening. Well, it still was, but it was far outweighed by a longing.
“One breakthrough at a time, son. I understand if you don’t want me around, but if you’re okay with it I’d like to spend some time with you. Grab a beer, maybe?”
On a whim, the Angel made his way back to the general location of the cabin at a meandering pace, coasting and riding air currents as much as not. He even touched down a mile away, walking along the forest ground, enjoying the nightlife. It was quieter here than back at their base, or even in the cabin. Dean wasn’t always a chatterbox, which he appreciated, for all the Demon did seem to enjoy luring him into conversation. But he did seem to like having background noise. If the TV wasn’t on, the radio he’d resurrected was playing one station or another. Sometimes both.
“Right. Forgot. Watching the bees,” Dean muttered, shaking his head. “You really wanna be getting dirty?”
“Do you think I would be any good at it?” Castiel asked, only distantly aware the song had changed in the living room.
Hazel checked the clock, but the second hand had only gone halfway around since the last time she'd looked. She chewed her lip, looking over at where Papa was suffering the barrage of chatter from Anna's mom. Catching his eye wasn't going to happen, if past experience was anything to go by.
“No. A stalemate is when there is no possible way to make a move or alter your positions. You are, essentially, stuck. An impasse is more accurate to this situation. It’s a deadlock, a standoff if you will.”
Dean didn't know anything was wrong until the yelling started. They'd actually stayed in a house this time, an old one with dirt cheap rent. He closed the laptop he'd been working on, swinging his legs over the edge of the bed and striding down the hall. The volume only increased as he descended the stairs. He stepped into the living room in time to see John throw papers down on the coffee table, face red with rage. Sam, who had by now outgrown everyone else in their transient household, glowered right back, holding his ground. They clashed a lot as it was, they were too much alike and with two strong willed Alphas it was inevitable.
The door swung open, Samandriel letting himself in and shutting it behind himself. He saluted the Seraph, a pleasant expression on his face. “Hello, Castiel. I’m here for the reports.”
“And they’re gone.” Sam looked from him to where he’d apparently last seen his wings, gears churning. Dean was too tired to think much, shoulders slumping, but he could see his brother trying to connect dots. “Are they…I think I’m only seeing them when you’re focusing on them.”
"Perhaps not. But I know she will if...when she discovers I deliberately broke a law they're particularly insistent upon."
“I know, love,” Castiel told him gently. “I’m sorry, but we never should have taken a unit with stairs in the first place.”
Dean snorted. “By the time it was sealed, yeah. I didn’t care. I didn’t regret it. Still don’t, I guess.”
Dean helped himself to another slow kiss before asking, “They gonna wanna torture me any? For funsies?”
“Some do. Some don’t.” He undid another button, scowling all the more when the Demon’s wings perked up at the gesture. “I don’t. What I don’t understand is why
“Mmm, you’re right, it’s been a while, love,” the Alpha rasped, hitching his hips up a bit more. “Love having you cum on my fingers. Love the sounds you make. Cum on my tongue, then I’ll fuck your sweet ass.”
Jody welcomed him into the house with a smile and a hug, as always. She’d just gotten off work, if her uniform and belt was any indication. She sent him into the kitchen to keep an eye on dinner while she went to change, Sam bounding passed her as she mounted the stairs like the overgrown puppy he was. At seventeen he was at eye level with his brother and still seemed to be growing.
“Yep.” Grinning, the Alpha pulled out one of the chairs for her and brought over a plate of the crispy strips. More were in a pan of hissing oil. “Help yourself.”
In truth it wasn’t a technique many of his kind were privy to, especially since it involved slamming raw grace against wards, chipping away at them. But he was old enough to have seen it done, and to have participated before. Since there was only one of him he had to be more strategic about it, melting the sigils just enough to disable them.
“You know the only reason I’m doing this is for your mom’s cooking and so I can say I spent Thanksgiving with Satan, right?”
But rather than take charge and fuck him again, a hand reached up to press against Castiel's cheek. He quirked his head to one side, confused by the tender gesture, but before he could do anything about it the Alpha leaned up and pressed their mouths together. It wasn't a forceful, dominating kiss. The one, lone time he'd been kissed in a heat it had been all rough, dry lips and clacking teeth. More of a battle and show of dominance than anything else. This was....not that. Never in his life had Castiel been kissed in this fashion. Slow and gentle and sweet, a thumb brushing his temple, each movement tender and loving. There was no other word to describe it, he realized later. Loving.
The Angel tramped across dusty floors, sidling his way through the bedroom door, and dumping his charge on the bed. Dean was still unconscious, limp wings falling to either side of the bed, freshly healed flesh hitting the floor. Castiel stepped back, dusting himself off, grimacing when he saw how much Demon blood stained his coat. He’d either have to ditch it or find a good excuse. Considering he didn’t want to have to report so much as a minor encounter on his route, especially if he was going to be nursing a Knight of Hell, he’d probably end up doing the former.
“I’m not doing this.” Scrubbing his face wearily, Dean went to drop back onto his couch, only to wince as his wings squished against the back cushions. He folded them up, slipping back into the invisible and intangible spectrum. “You wanna order a pizza or something? If not, I’ve got shit to do, and I know you do to.”
The tiny thread of remaining sanity between Dean's ears snapped. It was one thing to fuck an Omega, or even to knot them, but mating them was something else. To have Castiel begging for all three went straight to his already throbbing cock.
"It's my understanding many cultures have their own stories about us, their own names. I suppose the most recognizable in English would be will-o'-the-wisp."
They were only half extended, and he could barely feel them, never mind move them, but at a guess they would be easily as long as he was tall. He could only see his left wing, which glistened gruesomely in the sunlight, still coated in blood and bits of gore, but the feathers beneath looked hardy enough. But that now meant he’d have to be careful of two, six foot extensions now attached to his person. Awesome.
"I was told to locate an individual and bring them back alive. Unharmed if at all possible. If I could locate a second individual and bring them back in a similar fashion I would be paid double."
Unlike them, Sam and Gabriel had a much shorter drive ahead of them, only a few hours. Accordingly, they didn’t feel the need to leave quite so early. But since it was a six-hour drive to Sioux Falls, back up through Nebraska, Dean liked to get a jump on the traffic.
“What else can I say?” the vampire asked, shrugging. Poking at his own skin again, he mused, “That was the weirdest thing I’ve ever had happen to me, but can’t say I’m upset to not be bleeding anymore.”
Dean didn't realize how hard he was clinching his jaw until his teeth started to ache. "When the hell did you talk with him about this? Don't lie to me, I know it was you that helped him."
“No. She is of the opinion that all non-angels are below her. Anna and I inherited our…curiosity, from our father.”
Attaching a Bluetooth to one ear, Castiel dialed Dean’s cell and put his car into reverse. He was pulling out into the flow of departing traffic when Dean picked up. “Hey, what’s up?”
“Yeah.” Sam looked over at him, a calculating look in his hazel eyes. “Thanks. For doing what you did. I owe you.”
“What’s up world? Your friendly neighborhood Batman is back with volume two of my awesome new series. You guys loved him so much he agreed to make a second appearance. Ain’t that right?”
A moment later the front door flew open, a genuine smile stretching across Dean’s face. “Hey, Sammy. You didn’t tell me you were back in town.”
After updating the spreadsheet, he hooked his laptop to a Bluetooth speaker, cranked up Led Zeppelin, and opened up ‘Cryptolinguistics of Real and Mythical Winged Beings, Vol. 4’
believe he was doing what was best, and he was better at keeping up with his medication than Dean himself.
Castiel turned, resting a hand on his chest. “Tessa is a friend. She’s not a threat. Are they packed?”
The Demon regarded him with an all too innocent expression. “I’m not gonna kill him. So long as he doesn’t boop me again.”
Castiel and Mary shared a smile at Dean’s miffed expression, folding his arms in a huffy gesture, before she crossed the icy driveway to hug her son-in-law. By the time she got to Dean he’d dropped the offended posture to hug her back. Castiel was turning back, expecting to get an embrace from Gabriel, only to see Jo shuffling out of the house at a rapid pace. She scooted across the driveway, got in range of him, then jumped the last few steps to throw her arms around his neck. He grunted on impact, but wrapped his arms around her waist.
If he hadn’t been looking Benny would have missed it. The pain in the angel’s eyes. It was brief, but unmistakable.
John raised an eyebrow, glancing around the empty store. "I can tell. Look, I'm not here to pick a fight. I wanna talk to my boys. Neither of them pick up when I call and I don't think they'll take it well if I just show up."
A girl. The pup was a girl. They told him once she finally made it out. A healthy female pup with a hearty set of lungs and an equally hearty appetite. She screamed louder than even Balthazar, who had shrieked like a banshee right until he’d first latched. Castiel had known they took pups to clean and weigh and measure, but it put him on edge all the same. Only knowing he wasn’t in any condition to do anything kept him in place. That and Dean, who still refused to leave his side. The male Beta nurse who came by was sent scurrying with a snarl, which was normal enough Missouri didn’t even scold him that time. At least they had the sense to send in a female Beta to return their daughter, who kept a submissive posture as she passed the newborn on to Dean. Both of their instincts were riding high, and the only person he was letting within spitting distance of his drained Omega right now was Missouri. It might be a while before anyone who tried wouldn’t be risking their literal limbs in doing so. It was why they often had to sedate mates when something went wrong, they needed to be out of the way so the patient in question could be treated. Thankfully there had been no complications in Castiel’s case, it hadn’t been necessary.
For what remained of the weekend Castiel kept the drugs coming like clockwork. Every four hours on the dot Dean would be plied with food so he could take his next dose, even if he had to wake him up to do it. He’d acquired yogurts as well as Jell-O, things that’d be easy to get down.
The Omega whimpered, arching his back to press his hips into his Alpha and his shoulders harder into the bed. “Please let me go, Alpha. I’ll be good, I promise, I’ll come back in time.”
Castiel watched him go, a frown knitting his brow. It was hard to tell, but something was definitely off about him. John loved his sons, the Omega knew that. But loving them didn't mean certain things would change, like his refusal to believe he'd ever be wrong. What would happen to a man like John Winchester to make him come crawling back like this?
He didn't invade Dean's mind, probing and trying to force his way in. Instead he opened a link just big enough to transmit. The Omega showed him what he couldn't say, hearing Dean's breath catch as the emotions reached him. It seemed it was different, telling a human you possessed some degree of telepathy and another to be on the receiving end of it.
As for their host, Castiel got the impression that only Dean’s having saved his life and a lot of property damage got them an audience the same day they arrived. As things were they’d passed over the drawbridge midmorning, and at an hour after sunset were just now sitting down with the man. At least they’d had time to rest, wash up, and unpack. They’d also had ample time this afternoon for Dean to refresh his scent and claim on his mate, which Castiel had enjoyed thoroughly.
“It was easier to forget about him after things went last time.” Dean sighed scrubbing his face. “Hungry? I’ll think about it later.”
"When it's dead. We're both trying to prove a point here, Gabriel. Mine's just slightly different from yours."
He loved the smell of coffee in the morning. Particularly when he could enjoy it properly. While he always had a travel mug with him when he left in the mornings, Castiel much preferred the days when he could sit and sip it as his leisure.
“What? Look at this,” Castiel urged. He picked up a figure of a raven, wearing a top hat and waistcoat decorated in little pumpkins and skulls. It was a cheap thing, but he thought it was rather cute.
Dean smiled wryly. “Ishim’s only doing it to get you off the battlefield, you make him look bad. Plus he’s gotten my detail a lot lately, and he knows he’s a dead fucker if he kills me.”
Dean went still. He barely noticed when John brushed passed him, taking down another bottle and cracking the lid. "Miscarriage?" he muttered. "He was pregnant?"
Castiel glanced at Dean’s hands in the light of a passing streetlamp. His fingers had gone tight on the wheel, knuckles white. He thought about assuring him, but then decided against it. Instead he asked, “You mentioned we would need a cover story?”
Considering he’d been counting down the days to his birthday, and how many scenarios he’d dreamed up over the years, this was most definitely
Officially fat and happy, Castiel settled himself in a corner of the couch, dozing, wings curled around himself. He was aware he was letting his guard down far too much around a Knight of Hell, sleeping in his presence, eating food his prepared, but…he trusted his instincts. And while Demons were infamous for biting the hand that fed them, stabbing anyone in the back given a chance, his instincts were at ease in Dean’s presence. More so with each passing day. As odd as it was, he trusted him more than he did some Angels at this stage. If his instincts hadn’t been so reliable through his long life, he might ignore them, even if he wasn’t in any condition to do so. Besides, there was the simple fact that if Dean wanted him dead, he would be by now.
As Dean pulled away from the curb Castiel glanced at the instruments. He leaned forward, bracing his forearms on the seat and propping his chin up. "There's a gas station on the way out of town."
Castiel closed the footrest, stretching as he stood before answering. “I was putting down a warding around your property. It should work on humans as well as…anything else.”
That got the innkeeper’s attention. The Beta leaned over his bar, eyes intent. "You're him? One of the Winchester Dragon Slayers?"
Castiel froze, then turned slowly. Dean sat on a particularly large root, wings folded to his back, elbows on his knees and chin in his hands. How long had he been there? That was twice today he’d allowed his guard to drop too much.
“Perhaps an announcement would be useful. This is becoming irritating,” Castiel sighed. The pretzels were still warm, thankfully, as he picked one up. He dipped the end of one in the cheese, giving it a swirl before removing it and taking a bite.
“Yeah, but why? Who the hell are you people? What about little old me has you so worried I’m tied to a chair?”
“Yes, me too. As one of your best friends I’m personally invested. You’re happy, you’re having fun, Dean’s clearly having fun, and those are some of his most popular videos. Second only to the cooking ones. It’s been a while, I’m curious.”
“No, but I’ve been using the same set for the last two years. It would have been three, but you decided to barrow mine once then lost those too.”
“It’s a good thing. It’s awesome. It’s part of why we’re able to do what we do, why I’m able to do what I do for you guys. Some things we’re frugal with, other things we splurge on. Is it a teacher thing, you think?”
“Please don’t start,” Castiel sighed. “You won’t be stuck in the car with him for the rest of the day.”
The library itself turned out to be a slight disappointment. Dust covered more books than not, and from what he could tell it was only manned by an elder Beta and his young apprentice. At least neither minded when they took a look around, Dean wandering after his mate as Castiel dived gleefully into the shelves. It didn’t take him long before he had several stacks set aside on one of the reading tables. There wasn’t room for them to take the books as they were now, Impala was already carrying two riders, but Dean had promised to get whatever he wanted sent to their new home. As long as they crated them before they left, he had several contacts willing to ship it for him.
“I thought you’d appreciate my lack of preference,” Castiel sighed. “It gave you free reign, I simply retained veto power. I don’t recall you complaining at the time.”
He pondered that as he stowed the list, glancing over to see his husband wearing an equally thoughtful expression. He’d helped Dean choose these, but things had been so busy lately he honestly hadn’t thought about the answer much. Even though he hadn’t had class this week he’d been scrambled to get done everything he hadn’t been able to until now.
“This will take time. We’re meant to be here for a year, and I can arrange to take the distant patrols, my squadron will be grateful for it. There shouldn’t be any suspicion on that front.”
he muttered. He didn’t speak his original language much, mostly because no one used it and even fewer understood it. In his human life he’d used both Egyptian and Latin, though he was partial to the former. Using it often helped calm him, or make sense of things.
Panic surged through him, his wings jerking. He threw them wide, batting them wildly, clawing at the bag, but whoever it was kept yanking it tight, dragging him backward, keeping him off balance and not seeming to care they were getting buffeted. The fog was getting worse, he could feel himself going under. He jerked and thrashed and punched, but it did him no good. His knees buckled, and he was unconscious before he hit the floor.
That got a brief smile from the Alpha. "It's an old Cadillac that gets crappy mileage and would live through a tornado, but if it clanks wrong she freaks. She's eighty-nine but her sight's good so they haven't taken away her license yet."
Whatever additional discomfort the pressure caused, Dean felt some of the tension leave his shoulders as warm water permeated through the feathers to bones and sinew beneath. When he asked Sam to turn the temperature up, his brother obliged. Otherwise Sam was fully honed in on his task, turning water on both sides of Dean’s wing in an attempt to clean them out thoroughly.
Grinning, Balthazar stepped over to the bowl with the rolled sticks. He selected twelve cinnamon sticks and gave them to Tessa, who smiled and wrapped them before handing them to Castiel. He placed them in his basket, atop the various other things they'd picked up on their trip to the market. He had to make two trips a week for groceries, but he could space out his visits to the more varied vendors. Castiel had already been to the baker and the butcher. Today was to resupply their failing stores of cheese and herbs. Tessa was their local herb and spice supplier, and while everyone who resided in Kansas Haven were herbalists of some caliber it was difficult to grow everything one needed in their backyard.
Dean didn't seem disappointed, at least. A reminiscent look crossed his face as he mused, "Yeah. It's been a while, though."
The yelling had died down downstairs, the front door slamming. Sam, he guessed. Good. It was his turn.
“Oh yeah, I think this is his favorite section,” Dean chuckled. “We could come here for milk and shaving cream, and he’d find something here.”
“You been sleeping?” Bobby stepped forward, pressing a palm to Dean’s forehead, brows furrowed beneath his trucker’s cap. “You feel warm.”
“There weren’t. I guess we’re just getting lucky. Besides, more cars, more chances at interesting plates,” Dean pointed out. “At least it’s entertaining.”
Gabriel inclined his head. "I guess I haven't been hanging around the right Alphas. You got a brother?"
That wasn’t right. If this was truly morning in his home, then he shouldn’t be hearing Dean’s incredulous voice. Groaning softly, he dragged himself into a slumping upright position and pried open one eye. Charlie was grinning, leaning on the chair. Dean stood behind her, an identical grin on his face.
Dean leaned back against the counter, folding his arms. “Dunno. Sam’s postponing judgement to see if he’s gonna follow through.”
“What do you think? A nice little toy. Shame it only works once. I’d hoped I wouldn’t have to use it on you.”
he warned. He tugged her over to where Balthazar and Samandriel stood, trying to stay where they’d be ignored and allowed to stay. Some of these official people didn’t like it when younglings watched official business.
Castiel shrugged into his trench coat, glancing around to make sure he’d taken care of everything that couldn’t be left until Monday. “You realize it might be a while before a video is even completed?”
"I did," Castiel agreed. "Until recently I believed it. During my previous breeding experiences it was easy to complete the ritual."
“So the cat’s out, I’m married. Have been for a while. You guys wanted to meet him, so here you go.” He circled a finger in a halo motion over Castiel’s head. A gesture that had his husband glancing quizzically upward at the circling digit. Dean then waved the piece of paper with ‘Q&A’ at its top. “And we’ve got a list of top ten questions you wanted answered that we’re gonna go through.”
The Seraph had discovered he liked giving his beloved nice things, pretty things. He’d known from the start Dean wasn’t one for jewels and petty baubles, though. His attempts at fetching him nicer clothes didn’t fair well, apparently Dean actually liked ratty jeans and scuffed boots, though he did like vintage t-shirts.
“Someone tripped the breaker to the bathroom so the power went out, they locked the door and started pounding on the door and window. The boy who’s house we were at had an older sister. She’d been hiding in the tub, her hair was wet and she was covered in fake blood. When they turned the breaker back on she was standing right next to me. Which two do you think we should get?”
“It doesn’t matter if it was an accident,” Castiel shot back. “I spent weeks working on that research paper, Dean. Weeks.”
As they stepped back Dean asked, “How was the drive? Doesn’t it take longer to get here from New Orleans?”
"My arm," the Omega protested, trying to pull away from the dirty brick. "Something's wrong with it."
“Never. And I’m glad. I just wish it didn’t take an incident like that to get through. It gave us all a heart attack when it fell. It almost landed on Gabriel.”
“There. If you want them set up, you will need to do it yourself. There’s a tower near enough the booster should provide an adequate signal.”
Castiel smiled faintly. He remembered, all too well. Standing next to the worn doors of the phone booth, the night wind stirring his hair and coat. The Impala roaring up the road, her breaks shrieking as Dean whipped into the parking lot ten feet from where he stood, her headlights flashing across him. Her engine was still rumbling when Dean got out, running around her hood and sprinting across the short distance. Castiel remembered being surprised, taking a step back before Dean threw his arms around him. If they hadn’t run into the phonebooth they would have both fallen to the asphalt, but instead they remained upright as Dean hugged him tight.
Considering she’d complained more than once that he and Gabriel would eat her out of house and home when they’d been that age, he didn’t disbelieve her. Though it occurred to him that he wasn’t trying to imagine his younglings as teens in his own kitchen. He was imagining them at Dean’s kitchen table, all three of them fighting over bacon. The image made his own face soften in a faint smile.
Castiel cracked a smile. He’d anticipated the food, but it was nice to know the second part too. “I like how it’s spread out more than Thanksgiving. Traveling is easier, and you don’t feel quite as rushed. I do enjoy the food too, but I think my favorite part is partaking in traditions with people who are dear to me.”
“You sure about this?” Bobby asked carefully. He looked decidedly dubious, not that Dean blamed him. For years it had been a near obsession.
“’Want you to meet somebody,” Dean said, half turning towards the vampire. “This is Benny. Benny, this is Cas.”
“It was almost full and you set it next to my computer. I have no idea why you did, I hadn’t given any indication I wanted you to hang around. He keeps talking to me, won’t leave me alone. Then he askes me what I’m working on and reaches for my computer, and he knocks over the coffee. It spilled all over the keyboard, went into every nook and cranny.”
This seemed to satisfy his charge. Dean stood stiffly, wings folded loosely to his back as he started making his way up the grown-in path to the cabin. Castiel made sure he was safely ensconced, even took the time to make sure he found something to watch that was long enough to keep him entertained in his absence before leaving.
After relaying the incident led by Krissy, Castiel took a sip of his wine and stated, “I am very grateful you made this meal, and I’m enjoying the evening you took the time to arrange. But the last time you prepared this outside of a designated special occasion was after my Cadillac died.”
She just hummed, teasing a glob of cheese and guacamole onto a chip. “I wouldn’t worry about it. When you get into it the stage fright shouldn’t be a problem.”
The Demon circled him slowly, still grinning. “What’re you in the mood for? You’re gonna have to make another run in a day or two, but I can do burgers or taquitos and nachos.”
