This changed after Sherlock returned from his staged death. John, then engaged to be married, had stubbornly decided to move on. Sherlock's behaviour at the time could only be described as love-sick. His actions became increasingly unreasonable, soon bordering on self-destruction.
John's reaction to this was rather vehement and Sherlock continued to be out of his depth. I wondered if I had misjudged the situation. In the end we managed to steer to conversation into lighter territory.
John, on the other hand, did his best to make me feel comfortable. He offered me tea, while chatting with me from the kitchen. Sherlock remained in stasis next to me. John acted as if all this were normal. After handing me my cup of tea, he sat down in his chair and got his notepad ready.
John smiled. "Good?"
Sherlock nodded as John left. A moment later John was back, now pointing in the general direction of the upstairs bedroom.
"OK, let's do this." John pulled Sherlock down and kissed straight him on the mouth.
"Well, Miss Smith, why don't you tell us what brought you here?"
"Be more specific, please." Still impatient.
"Regrets?"
"Your medical record tells otherwise,'' John said. Sherlock, who was standing next to me, slightly winced at this.
John did not seem to be in the mood for serious conversation. "Well, I don't know about you, but I'm making plans for round two."
Anyhow, I was asked for an anecdote, not an analysis. The event I want to recount is fairly recent. It is the first time I witnessed that John and Sherlock were, at least in my opinion, openly flirting. And misbehaving, as they always do.
Sherlock decided to trust John on this. He slid down until he was lying flat on his back. His erection, though it has faded a little, stretched against his belly. He spread his legs and reached for the lube. John repositioned himself to lie on his side next to Sherlock. That way Sherlock got a good view on John's cock. He wondered if this was on purpose.
A low-pitched noise coming from John made Sherlock look up at his face again. John's eyes were squeezed shut now, his mouth hung open. His whole body was trembling, the strokes now short and shallow. Sherlock could make out the exact moment John's orgasm struck. His face relaxed and he threw his head back, a series of moans escaping his mouth. His whole body shook as he rode out the waves. Eventually, John's movements slowed.
Yes. "No."
"Don't be absurd." Sherlock shoots back.
"What?"
They quickly find a rhythm. John is halfway out of his mind with pleasure. The room is filled with urgent grunts and moans and the noise of two bodies moving together. And then Sherlock is there. John feels the wetness spread as Sherlock comes all over his belly. His mouth is open, his eyes squeezed shut. It's the most beautiful thing John has ever seen. The look on Sherlock's face is what dives John over the edge. The orgasm is so strong that he blacks out for a moment.
How could he possible have known that? I looked at John again, but he only had eyes for Sherlock.
"Alright. Then I am going to address it." Sherlock swallowed. Captain John Watson was making an appearance. Sherlock swallowed again.
"Mr. Holmes?" The inquisitive expression and soft smile indicated that Sherlock had been staring for too long. "Mr Holmes, I have been expecting you. Please come in."
"Hmmm?"
Oddly, it was not Sherlock's fault. It was entirely the fault of a rusty pipe, as it was bound to occur in an old building. Strictly speaking, it was not the pipe's fault either. It had only caused a wet spot behind Sherlock's bed, which was annoying enough, but could have been bearable. But then those two imbecilic plumbers has appeared, who, in a joint effort of incompetence, had flooded Sherlock's bedroom and, most notably, Sherlock's bed. As a consequence, the bed frame was currently on the wrong end of the room and the mattress was standing up next to the window to dry. The pipe had been fixed, but it would take at least three more days before Sherlock's room could be considered habitable again.
John mentally steels himself for a kick in the groin before he reaches up with his left hand to hold on to Sherlock's nape. He can't help threading his fingers through the curls he finds there. He meets no restraint when he is pulling down Sherlock's head. He slowly strokes over Sherlock's cheek with his right hand before he angles his head and stands on tiptoes to touch his lips to Sherlock's.
Sherlock grabbed John by the lapels of his bathrobe and pulled him close. John grabbed Sherlock's waist and held on.
"Sherlock!" John used both hands to make Sherlock look at him. Sherlock had the impression that he was some disembodied creature watching this whole unreal situation from above.
"You certainly know your way around here." John chuckled. "Been sneaking around in my drawers?"
"I can confirm that winter is coming."
Unsurprisingly, there was a woman in the room. She was naked, kneeling on the bed, arse up in the air, her face planted onto the mattress and covered by a mess of long, brown hair. Low, guttural moans emerged from beneath the pile of hair. Sherlock was no expert, but he has quite certain that this was the noise women made when they were recovering from an extremely powerful orgasm.
"I don't know what to say." he admitted.
Sherlock tried to picture his brother sitting in the same chair that he was occupying now, in front of a fire, going over all those boring details that had a deeper meaning in the world of diplomacy.
"So..." Sherlock could not stand the silence anymore. "What do you think?"
"Ah, good morning Mrs. Hudson. I suppose your night with Mr. Chatterjee was a satisfactory one." Sherlock blurts out.
After a few minutes of utter perfection Sherlock breaks the kiss and takes a step backwards. He is breathing heavily and looks somewhat out of his depth.
"This is not the whole story," John said, as Sherlock returned the phone without a word. "I was just about to call your brother to ask what happened, when Greg called me. He told me you had come to New Scotland Yard for a Two. So yes, we definitely have to talk."
"Ah yes." John either had not noticed Sherlock's Freudian slip, or ignored it.
It actually was almost too much for Sherlock, but he did not want John to stop. Ever.
"You are not making tea." John's ability to state the obvious had the habit of making an appearance in the most inconvenient situations.
I was still catching up with the turn of events. "How do you know that he died?"
There had to be other options. Sherlock could pack his things and simply disappear from London without a word, perhaps go back to the Buddhist monastery he visited years ago. Or, he could stage his own death. That had not worked so well last time, though.
"Now John, please." Sherlock was more than ready.
Sherlock pumped up into their joint fists two or three more times and then he was coming hard. The pleasure rushed through him in intense waves. He could hear John shout out and then felt John's penis shoot all over his belly and chest, adding to the mess Sherlock had already made.
Sherlock moved to his chair and sipped on his tea. He needed to distract himself somehow. There was nothing on the website. Also, he did not want to risk running into Lestrade again. This man had chosen the worst possible moment to start being observant.
They quietly hold on to each other for several minutes.
"Nothing happened," the boy muttered.
"What you failed to notice is," John continued, "that I have been flirting with you too. I thought I was being blatantly obvious."
"And where do you sleep?"
Sherlock hooked his thumb around his cock to hold it in place, then reached for John's. They both exhaled loudly when their lengths aligned. John's left hand cupped Sherlock's, and together, they began to stroke.
Most of my income comes from clients who use my services on a regular basis. One of them was an insurance company that had documents transported to a bank in the City, three mornings a week. At some point I noticed that a man was following me. He always appeared near St. Paul's, then followed me on his bicycle until I reached my destination. He was there every time I had the assignment, irrespective of weather, weekday or the traffic situation.
Sherlock needed a moment to take in the sight. John's face was flushed with arousal, his nipples were peaked, his penis was standing up, bumping against his belly, where it left a wet spot.
While John feels like a heavy weight has been lifted off his shoulders, Sherlock seems to have gone into shock for the second time today. He is standing there, rooted to the spot, an incredulous expression painted on his face. John decides to go in for the kill.
"Let me!" Sherlock barely registered what was happening. John had lifted his head and was reaching for Sherlock's cock.
John looked down between their bodies, then back up at Sherlock. "Sherlock, this is amazing."
"We'll come back to this later. Now, however, ..." John pulled Sherlock out of his chair "I'll do my best to fuck you senseless."
Sherlock took a deep breath. "I was just surprised that you didn't tell me you had a girlfriend." So much was true.
"What I mean is...," Sherlock swallowed, "What I mean is that I want this for myself. With you. Wanted it for a long time. When I saw you with that woman yesterday, I saw how good it could be. I wanted to be in her place. And now you are telling me you have done this with men. John, this changes everything, and I don't know how to deal with it. I am sorry if this..."
Then Sherlock came back and John got married. That's when I noticed.
Still, it was over within minutes. Sherlock came so hard he even blacked out for a moment. Once he was able to catch his breath, he rinsed the remains of his orgasm off the tiles. He proceeded to wash himself thoroughly, stepped out of the shower and dried himself off with a towel. He moved to the mirror in order to take care of his hair, as he usually did. Instead, he ended up sitting on the toilet, his face cradled in his hands.
"Careful." Sherlock warns through gritted teeth. "I want to see you too."
John smiled. "Alright," he said, and pulled Sherlock back into his arms.
To wrap this up, John and Sherlock did take good care of my problem. After my visit to Baker street, Sherlock started to appear at a bus stop on my standard route between the insurance company and the bank. He demonstratively read a newspaper whose title page said "New laws: no mercy for stakers". The same newspaper, every day. He made sure that my stalker noticed it.
"Alright. Now is good."
It all looked terribly normal and ordinary. Yet, getting into this bed with his best friend turned out to be a highly non-trivial task. Something had to be done. Sherlock took a deep breath.
John is usually very restrained when it comes to his body language. It was perhaps due to his fatigue that he let it show. I don't think he was consciously aware of what he was doing. When John noticed that I was looking at him, he hastily picked out his phone to look something up.
"Wow," said the woman, without lifting her head.
Sherlock woke with a start. It took him a moment to realise where he was. And another moment to become aware of the warm mass covering his chest.
Sherlock's courage almost threatened to disappear again. Monumental indeed. "Alright," he managed faintly.
"Yes, of course he is." Sherlock looked as uninterested as at the beginning.
The suit, the neutral facial expression and the swift movements of someone trained in martial arts immediately identified the visitor as one of Mycroft's minions.
Sherlock removed the slide from the microscope and prepared the last sample (Japanese Garden island).
The reasonable and grown up thing would be to tell John about his feelings in a calm and matter-of-fact way, to explain that this would not jeopardize their friendship and to wish him all the best with his new girlfriend. If he was lucky, John would understand, and maybe Sherlock would get to plan another wedding. After a year or two, John would have his second child, move to the country side to open his own practice, while Sherlock would turn into an old shrew, with only his brother to keep him company.
*****
It happened around four months after John had moved in with Sherlock. I think it was a happy and carefree time for them. Sherlock was establishing himself as the person he wanted to be, also thanks to John and his blog, which was starting to get considerable attention. They were still far from fame and all complications to come.
There are mistakes which lead to consequences beyond repair. When Mycroft Holmes made a mistake, he paid with his life.
“I think I just about believe that.” John admitted, letting his hands drop to his sides. “But no more secrets
He’d thought about sex with Sherlock before. Hell, he’d had a sex dream about him the night he moved in over a decade ago. During the incident with The Woman John had doubted her and Mycroft’s constant assertions that Sherlock was a virgin. He just didn’t know how experienced he was.
John’s gaze darted into the house and he itched to pick up Willa and run inside with her.
Sherlock had quietly followed John from Harry’s hospital room. There was something about Harry’s story that bothered him. She hadn’t been lying when she told them what had happened, things had likely gone exactly how she said.
Sherlock smiled at him from the chair he was in. “No, I’m reminding you of a promise you agreed to.”
Mycroft.
She nodded and slowly brought her hand out. There was blood covering her right palm, she even seemed surprised at the amount of blood.
June was the second youngest of the deaths.
The pizza came out a little oddly shaped but it tasted just fine even to Sherlock.
Janine went in first and then
Mycroft because quickly scanning through the actual copies of the texts, the messages even more damning.
John turned around just in time to see Sherlock wink at her in the rearview mirror. He threw up his hands. “Oh you’ve brought my daughter in on this?”
“Sherlock I’ve made supper.” John tried again.
“You haven’t eaten anything. Besides would you have preferred I turned to John?” Sherlock let out a low growl and Mycroft ignored him. “He was attempting to simultaneously mourn you, celebrate his daughter’s birth and save his marriage. One more bit of pressure and the man would have cracked.”
John smiled weakly at that. “Always does.”
Sherlock had serious doubts about that.
“Mary?” Gregory asked, taking a moment for his brain to catch up to the possibilities.
Isabelle Durant was based closely of of Isadora Duncan who accidentally hung herself with her giant scarf in the spokes of an automobile. The rotating closet was because my parents just installed them at their house and I was like "someone is gunna die from that"
Mycroft winced slightly before nodding. John, from across the room, let out a disgruntled huff.
“We’ll be fine.” Willa cried out and squirmed away from John’s kiss, perhaps it was the fourth since they arrived at the station.
John was watching her too now, because he took everything Sherlock said as law. Harry swallowed down a large gulp of her water, desperately wishing it was wine. “Just a text I wasn’t expecting.”
He was close enough to Baker Street around eight to watch from a distance as John and Willa left for the day. They were both utterly unobservant and didn’t notice his observations. She was in her school uniform hair neatly held back by a black band and John by his dress was heading into the surgery. She was talking animatedly while John attempted to tie a scarf around her neck. He spent a full two minutes before finally succeeding in wrapping the purple scrap of wool. Then they were off hand in hand down the street.
After going back to work John somehow found himself in charge of the night shift. He knew he should be irritated with Mary over it and part of him was. Yet he grew to adore those late nights where the nursery was lit by the night light in the corner and the only sound was of Willa sucking happily at her bottle. As he fed her he would press his face into her silky soft hair and simply breathe. After her bottle, she would lay in his arms and eye him speculatively in the dim light, it reminded him of how Sherlock looked at the world.
Everything was just a bloody competition between them, just as it had been between Sherlock and Moriarty. In this room sat the two smartest people in the world, but one of them was just the smallest bit brighter. And no one knew exactly who it was, them least of all, and so they competed.
“Alright, will you be back for dinner?” She asked.
The next morning Willa agreed to stay home with him. Sherlock wasn’t sure if she’d recognized his need to keep her with him or if she honestly wanted to stay.
(See the end of the chapter for
“She called me,” Harry said in a small voice a few moments later.
When John was done, Sherlock hugged and kissed her good night before pulling the cover up over her.
"Yeah," Greg relented, "but it's not necessary since she's obviously doing just as much work as you are. I could have gotten it."
“Alright let’s go wake Sherlock.” He agreed finally.
Greg nodded, mostly to himself before going towards the door. Just as he was about to exit he realized Mycroft was following him. He stopped short and turned around, forcing the other man to bump into him.
Lunch left them just enough time to make use of the shower before they left. John was delighted at the bench seat under one of the water jets. His mouth filthier than usual when Sherlock rode him there. It was enough to make Sherlock flush and his cock even harder.
The man shook his head. “Angie sent us.” He had moved to the side and was looking at Willa.
Sherlock threw up his arms and huffed loudly, turning back towards the street.
An hour after they arrived Lestrade stood and walked to Mycroft talking to him in a low voice that Sherlock didn’t even both to try and listen in on. Mycroft said little back and stayed at the wall. After five more minutes Greg went over to Molly and asked her if she needed anything. He asked Sherlock and John the same question. Sherlock said no and John didn’t seem to have heard him.
Willa just stared at her knees.
“I don’t think you’re old Aunt Harry.” Willa said sweetly. Harry made an ‘awe’ noise and hugged her niece from the side.
Willa was seven months old when one of Mycroft’s agents finally managed to snap a photo of Mary strolling through a South American market.
John could see the barely restrained gushing. Clearly Mr. West knew of Sherlock Holmes from sources other than Willa. From the way Sherlock stood just a bit taller as he shook the teacher’s hand he noticed it too.
He’d not been able to stop thinking of John with Molly’s baby and how natural and happy he’d been.
Seconds later Willa rounded the corner carrying her hair brush and plastic box of hair ties. “Papa, will you do my hair?”
He had the tie over his head and the top buttons of his shirt open by the time he noticed the lump on the bed. He nearly dove for the wardrobe where he kept his gun in a lock box but the mop of messy black curls stopped him.
Willa was overjoyed at the prospect and drug Sherlock up the stairs by his hand. John lingered by the bottom of the steps just long enough to hear her begin explaining her nighttime routine. He turned and went down to Mrs. Hudson’s flat. She was in her dressing gown but it looked like John had caught her before the herbal soothers.
John opened his mouth and allowed Sherlock to pop it in. “What I want,” he said after swallowing. “is something terrible and greasy.”
“The pool where we met Moriarty.” Sherlock told him quietly.
“Well, yes but also I was thinking if you’d be willing we’d make you her second contact. In case of emergency or illness if they couldn’t reach me for whatever reason they’d call you.”  John said and Sherlock knew he was trying to desperately pass for casual.
~~~~~~
The kitten was surprisingly amenable to having a collar put around his neck. As soon as John fastened it Sherlock pulled out a blue bow roughly the size of the kitten’s head and fastened it to the back of the collar.
John laughed and kissed him again. “Of course you will.”
“Did you dress nicely for my funeral?” Sherlock asked then.
Willa seemed to be liked by nearly everyone the way John was.
John nodded and kissed Sherlock’s lips properly. “So you took a nap?”
Sherlock found he didn’t have to wait long to catch his first glimpse of John in almost six years. He was seated in the doorway of 221, leaning against the door frame as he watched something on the sidewalk. Not something,
Willa followed her back, not knowing what they wanted her to do. Cole was back at the window again.
Sherlock glanced over at him confused.
Sherlock found himself wasting time even after John had gathered up the whiskey and sat in his chair.
Sherlock was glad his phone was in hand and surreptitiously took a few pictures of Willa and one of John. Willa’s face of pure delight was rivaled only by the look of adoration on John’s as he watched her. They were both breathtaking and his heart fluttered almost uncomfortably in his chest.
The nurse seemed hesitant and she took a step back out of the room before opening her mouth to say something, no doubt to contradict him.
“What?” Sherlock’s brows knitted together as he tried to follow Greg’s line of thought.
“Can I stay up really late with Aunt Molly?” She asked.
Willa stuck out her chin and folded her arms. “I wasn’t dying the snow.”
~~~~~~
Mycroft looked at him for a long moment before nodding. “Yes, Sherlock.”
John chuckled. He reached out and brushed one of Sherlock’s curls off his forehead. Unable to resist, now, he leaned over the baby and pressed a kiss there. “Of course I would have.”
“You don’t have to go this year. Mycroft didn’t realize, he wasn’t thinking.” John said quickly as if he were afraid Sherlock would bolt again.
“You told me she was in America!” Sherlock shot back.
As soon as she spoke the line went dead, dial tone ringing in her ears.
Willa said nothing further on the subject so they watched until the alarm went off.
“Oh, like Uncle Greg and Uncle Mycroft.” Willa said with a nod.
It was his old violin.
“Can you tell me what happened now?” Sherlock asked as he sat in his chair and pulled her onto his lap.
Emma, Noah’s mother, was surrounded by her family as everyone stood around the too small casket perched above the earth. Then there was the father’s family, standing far off to the side. Even those from the school had cleared away from them. It angered John and he found himself fixating on it. It wasn’t like those people had killed Noah, they’d just been related to the man who had. They were not only grieving for their loved one but were also in shock over learning someone else they loved was a killer.
“I do but he always makes the sad face,” Willa demonstrated an eerily perfect replication of John’s depressed expression. “and doesn’t answer.”
John sighed. “Yes, it was, but we’ve really got to be going now.” He grabbed hold of Sherlock’s arm and dragged him down the hall.
Even the bathroom had been charred. The fixtures had all been blackened by the smoke.
Greg looked up at her and she noticed that Mycroft was also there, looking a lot less put together than she was used to seeing him.
“We’ve been asking the wrong questions,” he said going for the stairs.
John looked up. “What are those tickets for?”
“That’s what Willa told me.” Sherlock explained likely sensing John’s confusion.
I am warning you: There will be drama and angst upcoming, I'm certainly not going to make it this easy for them.
“Yes, this way.” Mycroft said and went out into the hall.
It was just past nine when Mrs. Hudson left.
“She’s such a pretty girl your daughter. Do you think the elder Holmes has managed to truly keep her safe? Or is mummy dearest still watching over her?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow but sat to eat anyway.
She laughed at him and reached over to pat his hand. “Of course not. It’s not like I can’t just pop upstairs for a visit with her.”
Eager to get home he hailed a cab.
“Willa stop!” Sherlock shouted as they reached her room and John’s pulse hiked into dangerous levels. Sherlock never shouted at Willa.
John wanted Sherlock.
“Fine.” Sherlock said and passed her over.
Willa ended the morning with a healthy pile of things. Much of it was practical (shoes, clothes, a hat) but there were several toys as well including new board games she was no doubt going to wheedle Sherlock into playing with her. She was currently laying on the floor (or rather on the lining of wrapping paper) under a new blanket looking through one of the books she’d gotten from John.
John snorted and rolled his eyes at the ceiling while Sherlock’s face very nearly broke into a genuine smile, something he avoided in front of cameras.
Sherlock returned the kiss albeit a little reluctantly. “It’s a Benihana, hardly a hotbed of crime.”
“Actually, that’s not me.” John told him.
Sherlock took the two toys and looked at them before putting them each in the charity bag. It was the second charity bag and there was a rubbish bag nearly full. Luckily they were almost finished, only having to go through her writing desk.This was good seeing as it was getting closer to bed and she still needed a wash, especially since she’d been crawling through dust.
“Oh come now we need a picture of the four of you.” Mrs. Hudson said as she came over to them and all but shoved them towards Willa.
Willa was surprised and Sherlock downed his pills quickly. “Willa, go get your brush. Your hair is a mess.” He interrupted.
There was cake, bits of cookie and presents. There was, however, a distinct lack of  beer or wine but Sherlock knew why and Harry was looking increasingly more agitated as the night went on.
“I’ll spend Christmas Eve with you.” Sherlock capitulated after a moment. It was immediately obvious how much John had wanted him to say that, his face lit up in a bright smile.
She was small. Granted Sherlock didn’t have a great reference of what was considered normal for a nearly six-year-old child, he’d never needed to know, but she seemed smaller than most children he’d seen.
Perhaps maybe not thankfully, Lestrade even cringed.
“Try? You’ll try,” Harry laughed breathlessly. “Try? Why the hell would I tell you anything for that?”
A desk with a new computer was placed by the window and two brown leather high back chairs were placed near to the fire place. The small table between the chairs already boasted a notepad and a cup of pens.
Adoption wasn’t such a bad idea. He’d been already considering how to legally designate Sherlock as her guardian after she’d fallen when he was away. John was certain Mycroft had pulled strings to give Sherlock the power to make decisions at the hospital and it was Sherlock’s own stubbornness that had forced the nurses into allowing him to stay with her.
Their table by the window was open and a candle was already there. Both John and Willa slid into the bench seat so their backs were to the street. Sherlock smiled fondly as he sat, it was a little like the first night he and John had eaten here. With a bit of an addition of course.
Chelsea was on the other side of London from their house but Greg hadn’t chosen the Mercedes just for fun. He pushed the engine over 200 KMH safe in the knowledge that no one would ever pull this particular vehicle over.
Willa for her part eagerly recounted a school yard tiff that ended in two boys rolling around on the playground until the teachers broke it up.
“Well yeah. I got an extra soda so I gave it to her.”
The other man chuckled. “Yes. I spent three weeks after her birth convinced it was only stained red.”
John chuckled. “Alright, alright.”
“Just family.”
Willa still looked suspicious.
Sherlock nodded and pulled out a note from his pocket, as he handed it over he felt a piece of paper slide back into his. He stuffed it into his coat.
“Whatever it is like, dear, just figure it out and stop all this silliness.” She informed him with a wave of her hand.
John caught it. “Starving.”
Sherlock peeked his head into the bedroom and then promptly turned and bolted up the stairs. John had no idea what Sherlock was up to.
Sherlock got his list of cold cases from the police and spent the week solving as many as he could. The first day he solved five.
Sherlock didn’t leave for the hotel until half past three.
That night had the promise of going an entirely different direction than it had, namely the bedroom instead of a holding cell. When he’d been abroad sometimes he’d think about it and try to deduce how it might have gone if they’d not been interrupted. He hadn’t done it so much after returning to London. If John had called off the wedding Mary might have terminated the pregnancy when she found out and there would be no Willa.
John raised a hand to cut her off. “No, it was my fault. I made the choice to seclude us from everyone.”
“Yeah, she gets a rough time of it.” Lestrade said knowingly but he held out the folder to Sherlock. “Look just take a look at it.”
John groaned. “Then
Though for his discomfort Gregory flashed him a cheeky smile. It was short lived though as Sherlock chose this moment to huff at them in annoyance.
Sherlock glared at him. “We didn’t hear anything.”
He’d been just seventeen in 2001 and with the same righteous fury that most American’s seemed to carry at the time he’d enlisted in the army on his eighteenth birthday in the spring of the following year. It seemed like every boy from his graduating class was going straight from the ceremony into basic training. It had made him proud.
Anyway enjoy. This chapter was difficult because it's kind of filler unfortunately things need to be set up. I've already started the next chapter so yay for that!
“This, the waiting and the figuring it all out. This is you, Sherlock,” John gestured towards him with one hand, head still resting on the other. “Drawing conclusions from less than five minutes of CCTV footage, this is you. My daughter’s been kidnapped and I’m bloody useless.”
John had his mobile out and was thumbing through the contacts when Sherlock barged in through the door to the kitchen. He seized John by the shoulders and kissed him hard.
“April.” John answered giving Irene a dark look. “When I was in Cardiff, she approached me at a pub.”
Doubtful.
What has happened in the nearly six years Sherlock has been gone?
“I know.” Sherlock agreed because despite all of John’s reassurances that he didn’t have to go it was obvious the other man wanted him to.
A set of teeth embedded themselves at the top of his thigh. “No.”  Sherlock said, his voice was sharp.
“So you’ve seen the shit those papers were writing? What were you two there for then? A case?” Harry asked.
Mycroft didn’t even bother responding, simply returned his attentions to his phone.
“Sir, one of the witnesses gave this to me.” A young DS called over to him, she had a mobile phone held in her outstretched hand.
Willa didn’t like it, everyone watching her. She wanted to scream, Daddy had told her to do that once. If she was ever scared like this and he wasn’t around she was meant to scream. She kept trying to open her mouth but why wasn’t her voice listening? Why couldn’t she make herself scream?
Harry looked distraught. “No! But I know how you can be when you think someone is wrong you just don’t give in. You’re so stubborn and-”
John was all too happy to comply until he became dizzy.
existing.” Sherlock corrected as he climbed into the bed.
Sherlock cleared his throat and spoke for the first time since the conversation had started. “Willa even if anything would happen between John and I, I would still see you as much as possible.” He promised before turning to John for confirmation.
Isabelle fancied herself an actress and had had a number of small rolls on television but mostly seemed to enjoy partying. She’d recently had a number of nude photos leak to the press and instead of being mortified it only encouraged her antics further. She had recently been rumored to have agreed to pose for an adult magazine.
missed her, it’s only been a day I know.” John admitted once he put his phone away.
“No, but I will be.” John admitted and his eyes darted down to Willa.
Lukas stood looking bewildered and upset. “Mr. Holmes, please I swear to you my brother didn’t do this.” He pleaded.
They’d been oddly specific about where he was to dispose of her body: on the south bank of the Thames just past the Waterloo Bridge. He’d even been sent photos of the exact location. Typically when you were dumping a body you wouldn’t leave it in such an open spot, even if you were looking to make a statement. Doing that in an area that open was a risk for the person doing the dumping (him) especially if they were forced to do it during daylight light he’d been.
John sighed and scrubbed a hand over his face.
“Who?” John demanded.
(See the end of the chapter for
Every test on Earth was run on the present before it was opened and more were invented to be run on the contents. In the end it was nothing more than an innocuous porcelain doll. It was gorgeous and clearly had cost a considerable amount of money.
“Willa? Really? Not Sherley or Lochlyn?” Mary didn’t know and John wasn’t about to tell her.
John was debating what to wear, Sherlock was showering, when Willa came into the bedroom that afternoon. She had a look on her face like she wanted to talk.
“Sherlock.” John whispered against the skin of his stomach.
“You alright?” He asked and John shook his head.
When Sherlock caught wind that his brother was in country he sent a message his way. Their paths had never crossed this closely in five years, Sherlock guessed that was the governments doing, and while Mycroft was not his first choice he was someone from his past.
John sighed and leaned against the counter just as the toast popped up. “I shouldn’t have snapped.”
Sherlock looked up confused.
Gregory nodded, “I’ll try and talk to them, remind them that she needs them in top form.”
“You do not get to do that and then tell me you’re not interested in my cock.” John told him firmly.
After the third elbow to his ribs he realized there would be no convincing her to go back to sleep.
“Takes in heat.”
“I figured I had enough on my plate keeping up with father Christmas.” John said as they laid in bed the Saturday before Easter.
“I’m sorry lovely what was that?” John asked Willa once he realized what Sherlock was doing.
Sherlock stopped him with a hand. “Across, on your front. And of course I’m serious”
Sherlock was composing the message when his phone rang.
Oh boy, howdy folks. I'm gunna drop in and post this chapter and pretend like it HASN'T been well over two years, okay? Good. I mean after all we're all in the Sherlock fandom so we're used to it... right?
John had brought it up for the first time only a few days after her birthday. He’d only told Sherlock that their lives had settled and it was time for Rosie to develop a healthier sleep schedule. That same night she woke at midnight and Sherlock was in the room by her second cry. The next morning John had armed himself with studies on infant sleep patterns in an effort to appeal to Sherlock’s scientific nature.
This brought Sherlock out of whatever mental paralysis he’d been in and he made a terrible face, slumping down in his chair.
“I should have known it was you.” Lestrade muttered as he settled back into his chair.
Sherlock felt his lips curl up at the pure spite John managed to put into the question. “John, I have more than enough money. I have no interest in removing Willa from the life she’s grown accustomed to.”
John tilted his head up. “Sherlock, you’re not feeling guilty over this are you?”
“Correct.” Sherlock agreed and then handed her the sealed box of baking soda. They proceeded to discuss what effect it would have on the texture of the cakes.
Sherlock grinned at the little joke. “That would be for the best, I think.”
Sherlock had too in a way. He might not have been so willing to risk his life and freedom to protect Mary if she hadn’t been pregnant at the time. He’d seen John’s face though, once the idea of a baby had settled in, and had known that he’d do anything to make sure that baby was safe.
“Irene Adler.” Sherlock spat but he’d turned his venomous gaze towards the back of John’s head, like it would give him the answers John wouldn’t.
The night before he was to be sent home those same men appeared in his hospital room. He was threatened, not just with a dirty record but with his life, if he spoke to anyone about the missions they’d run.
When he gave the instructions where to go John gaped. “The Northall? How did you manage that?”
“Has she tried to contact you or her?” Sherlock asked. Something about the way John had said ‘that we know of’ seemed wrong.
John was not looking forward to his trainings. The scheduling of them meant he had to leave the afternoon before they even started and he hated having to be away any longer than necessary.
“You enable him, John.” Mycroft nearly growled down the line, a surprising show of emotion.
“Then don’t say anything to him until I tell you.” John instructed her as he was pulling out his phone.
John’s mobile chose that moment to chirp.
“I’ve never actually seen the fireworks like this.” John told him.
“No,” John said again, “wait.”
“Daddy always cries when reading this.” Willa tilted her head up and whispered into Sherlock’s ear loud enough John could hear. Sherlock chuckled.
“No, but he wasn’t pleased to be left behind.” John stepped up to the mirror.
“What are you watching?” He asked lifting her out of the chair so he could sit. She then settled back into his lap.
“Mycroft.” Sherlock said as he followed John through the door. “I doubt he’ll talk.”
Sherlock smirked. “I am.”
Sherlock considered the other man. He was younger than John by a couple years so it was likely he’d been one of the men under John’s command. Sherlock was only slightly envious.
~~~~~~
They weren’t in the car long before it pulled up to a nondescript building. John followed Anthea inside. She strode past the doors into the lobby but John was stopped by security and frisked. Once he was allowed to pass he followed her into a lift.
Molly called on Tuesday, she was back in London.
“Alright,” John said, and his voice was rough with emotion. “Alright.” It came out firmer the second time.
Irene was still in his chair watching them argue like it was a sporting event. Lestrade was in the corner looking for all the world like he wanted to just slip out the door but didn’t trust that John and Sherlock wouldn’t try and kill one another.
John narrowed his eyes at him. “How?” He spat, “how didn’t you notice?”
Sherlock changed in the bathroom while John put the lock box away again. Once the door was shut he mentally started berating himself. He’d very nearly ruined the first decent Christmas he’d had in over a decade by not thinking, the one thing he claimed never to do. Luckily for him John assumed he was only able to see things from the objective point of view.
Sherlock held up a hand. “I will look into the case but you’ll only complicate it by breaking the anonymity order.”
“Hello, pot, I’m kettle.” John said and lifted his head enough to give Sherlock a pointed look.
Lestrade nodded. “Alright, just call me if you figure something out.”
“It, uh, it was cut,” Sherlock said his voice was rough with emotion, “scissors probably.”
“Yes, Harry, I’m with Sherlock.” John said in a low voice, it was an effort to quiet her down.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John, he knew what he was doing. John had been absolutely delighted to discover he could effectively halt all trains of thought by referring to Willa as Sherlock’s daughter or even their daughter. It was a dirty trick and John used it constantly the first week. There was something about the idea that Willa was now
“There, now may I leave?”
Lestrade refused to budge. “You came out of the bedroom, you’re not busy.”
Stalk me:
“Yes.” He croaked out finally.
John snorted. “And what did you say?”
On of my friends is actually in London right now and is actually going to see the fireworks. I'm beyond jealous and that *might* have played into this chapter some.
Why couldn’t she remember how she got here?
“Alright, out with it, what’s happened.” John asked as he poured them each a glass.
She was quiet for a little then and John growing frustrated with his wardrobe pulled open another drawer.
Sherlock didn’t grimace or scowl for the photo. Either he was afraid Molly would slap him or it was an effort to please her, John wasn’t sure which. As soon as she turned Sherlock glared daggers at him behind her back, John just took his own photo.
“I’ll talk to you later John.” Sherlock said and that was his only warning before the video feed cut out.
It will move along after I get through the holiday stuff.
He’d had already known a great deal about John. The man had never had any issue in walking from the shower wrapped only in a towel or a dressing gown. He’d also gotten used to changing in front of other’s, probably in the army, and frequently paid no mind to if Sherlock was in the room. Sherlock had stared whenever he knew John wasn’t paying attention.
“No you weren’t, but this is different. Willa will figure it out on her own and she’ll understand it’s like a game.” John insisted.
Sherlock then proceeded to crowd them until they were forced out of the room.
“Of course.” Sherlock agreed quickly.
And there went any chance of him ever enjoying seafood again.
“Cold.” Willa answered.
“Gregory,” Mycroft began pleadingly, but he seemed to consider his angle before sighing, “alright.”
Near the middle of March John called Sherlock from work only a few hours after he’d left.
Sherlock didn’t like Willa crying. She wasn’t a dramatic child who threw tantrums when she didn’t get her way so to have her sobbing on his lap was unacceptable.
John took Willa to school every morning and Sherlock usually slept in or went to sleep if he’d been up late. When John didn’t work he would return home and usually crawl back into bed until Sherlock woke for the day, then they would spend the rest of the day working on cases or doing things around the flat until it was time for school to let out.
Sherlock didn’t know why John found that so pleasing but he was just glad that he’d been able to make John happy.
Mycroft nodded. “I do not come here to get your hopes up, John. But an offer has been made to Sherlock. One more mission and he will be pardoned and allowed to return home.”
John turned and brushed passed another PC who looked too afraid to stop him. He did make an aborted attempt to halt Greg but either he recognized him or he was too terrified of getting his head bitten off to actually try. Greg flashed his badge either way to reassure the man that he had rights to be here.
John lifted his head from where it was resting on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock reached behind himself to get the tissue box.
"Do whatever feels best."
Sherlock was completely overwhelmed. He held onto John as if his life depended on it. And it did. But the fear would not go away. "Someone will use this against us," he said with regret.
He started to work on the buttons of Sherlock's shirt and almost sent Sherlock over the edge when he closed his mouth over one of Sherlock's nipples. Trying to do the same to John, Sherlock struggled to get John's jumper out of the way. The whole endeavor of undressing each other turned out to be somewhat uncoordinated, so they resorted to taking off their own clothes.
I have to admit that I considered my evening ruined at that point. They were so obviously taken with each other, that the hopes I had for Sherlock and myself more or less went down the drain.
Sherlock looked around himself. John gave him a brief glance, gauging Sherlock's current state of mind, then quickly looked away, when he decided that no immediate intervention was required. Everyone else was staring at the ground. In some distance, Sherlock noticed a man. He was standing a few graves away, dark blond hair, in his mid-forties, not someone who would stand out in a crowd. Ordinary. He did not appear to be visiting one of the graves. Rather, it seemed as if he were part of Mycroft's funeral. When the man noticed Sherlock staring at him, he gave a brief nod, then quickly averted his gaze.
"Alright, let's give those gigantic hands of yours something to do. Put it around both of us."
"You mean..." He took a deep breath. "You mean, this is alright?"
John realizes that Sherlock may need some more control over the situation. So he attempts to reverse their positions. It's somewhat tricky in the confined space of the sofa but somehow they manage and Sherlock ends up on top of John, kneeling between his legs. He still looks a bit clueless. John just smiles at him and leans up to place a tender kiss on Sherlock's mouth.
"To my knowledge, this was eight years ago." Sherlock said. "Nothing more happened after that?"
"You know what? Why don't you come with us?" John whispered between kisses. "I'll cook us something nice and we can discuss, well..., all this. And you can stay overnight if you want. You know, for round two."
John was beaming. "Anything, really. Anytime. Right now if you want."
"Now is good." Sherlock said. "I can't get this out of my mind anyway."
John closed his eyes and sighed in relief. "Bless her!" he whispered. Sherlock rolled on his back to lie next to John. They did not deserve her.
"But it was clear that a relationship would have exposed both of them to great danger. Mycroft had a lot of powerful enemies. It would have been like an invitation to them."
"Yes, I like it when the murder weapon is alive."
Sherlock climbed in and slid under his blanket, trying to leave as much space as possible for John.
Sherlock chuckled. "No we didn't."
"Sherlock?" John mumbled, his mouth never leaving Sherlock's skin. "Could you..."
The very moment I had said this, I realised that it may have given them the wrong impression. Sherlock had always appeared to me as a solitary man, but he seemed intent on having John around. And, to be honest, John did not play hard to get. I felt that there was something going on between them. I was not sure if they were a couple. I could well imagine that they had had some sort of a sexual adventure that they wanted to turn into a more serious relationship, neither of them being sure if the other wanted the same.
"You seemed to enjoy yourself."
"And I needed you to be alive too, Sherlock." John looked him straight in the eye. "Do you have any idea how miserable I was? Even after you had come back."
"Please."
"Case solved. Boring. You can go." Sherlock looked at John, not at me.
"You may not be entirely wrong, sir," the man said, unfazed by Sherlock's rudeness. He pulled a folder from his briefcase. "Mr. Holmes has arranged for you to have this in case of his death." He put the file down on the small table next to John's chair. "Good day, Mr. Holmes."
"Alright." John got up from his chair and moved towards the stairs. Sherlock followed. He felt like he was embarking on a momentous journey.
When Sherlock was capable of coherent thought again, he found himself collapsed on top of John in a pool of his own come. John was playing with his curls.
Sherlock knew that John was wrong about the last thing. Women usually took an interest in John, and John knew how to flirt. He would have no problem finding other women for casual sex.
This situation would not have been problematic per se, if there had not been the issue with the sofa. The sofa that was currently not there. Some people might have blamed Sherlock for that. This was not really fair, though. Mrs Hudson had made it very clear that she did not approve of Sherlock shooting her bloody wall, as she so dramatically put it. So Sherlock had not really had a choice. How else could he have tested the splatter pattern a paintball gun produced when shot from small distances? What Sherlock had somewhat miscalculated were the adhesive properties of the bright-pink colour on leather. Sherlock had told John that, as a graduate chemist, he was perfectly capable of procuring a custom-made detergent tailored to the problem. John, however, had insisted, quite forcibly, that the sofa had to go to a professional cleaner. This was obviously completely unnecessary, but Sherlock had learned during their years together, that there were times when John Watson was not receptive to logical reasoning. He had clearly identified the sofa incident as such a situation and had let John have his way.
"Well, for once, she made it very clear that it was a one-time thing. I suspect she is in a relationship. And you know, at my age and with Rosie around most of the time, the chances of something like this happening again with someone else are practically non-existent."
Sherlock looked over at John who was now staring at him expectantly.
"Anything the matter?" Sherlock asks. "Why are you smiling?"
Mrs. Hudson's stern "Enough now!" finally shuts Sherlock up. "I don't mind you knowing but there are certain things you politely ignore and do not throw into the face of the person who only came up to ask you if you were interested in some freshly baked biscuits. I certainly would be more discreet if I were to overhear something from this flat."
"Good morning, dears." she says cheerfully. "I thought you might want some more breakfast."
Sherlock pushed against him in reply. John withdrew an inch and pushed back in with quite some force. He groaned as he picked up speed. Each stroke pushed Sherlock's cock into John's fist. There was no way Sherlock could quantify the pleasure he was feeling.  He was quickly losing control, his moans muffled by the mattress.
All in all, Sherlock found the current situation agreeable but not perfect. Certainly, the arrangement was a massive improvement compared to the events of the past two years. Sherlock had John back, sort of, and having the girl around was surprisingly OK. Technically, John and Rosie were not living at Baker Street. However, after John had decided to cut down his hours at the surgery in favour of case work with Sherlock, it had turned out that Rosie needed a place to nap and, as this afternoon's events showed, a place to store spare clothes and all kinds of other supplies.
"Well, obviously not in here, Sherlock!"
"You can sleep in my bed if you like."
"That's acceptable." Sherlock was delighted.
"No. If anything, our meetings became more relaxed. He had made his standpoint clear and I had accepted it. We kept meeting at my home on a regular basis. He clearly enjoyed my company. I adored him and did not do much to hide it. I am glad that the message has come across, given what he wrote in that letter. Mycroft deserved to know that he was loved."
Sherlock chuckles and John feels like he is about to melt. And then Sherlock initiates the next kiss and the universe continues to crash down on them. John works a hand between them and cautiously cups the front of Sherlock's trousers. The wanton moan that comes as a response is almost his undoing. Time to move things forward.
He rushed out into the street, wrapping his coat around himself to hide the evidence of his arousal.
"Great." John got up and held out a hand to help Sherlock to his feet.
They were on thin ice now. Sherlock could see John's pain. It was still there after all this time, and, for once, John did nothing to hide it. He'd never been so direct, never let Sherlock see the full depth of it. Sherlock could barely take it. He hated to see John suffer.
Sherlock tried to navigate his way through the wave of incoming sensations: the texture of John's lips, as opposed to the texture of John's tongue, the edges of John's teeth (was his own tongue inside John's mouth?), John's warm, compact body against his own, a noticeable bulge underneath John's bathrobe (no pants!), John's hips thrusting upwards (correction: being pulled upwards by Sherlock's hands groping John's arse).
John chuckled. "Thanks." Then he snapped his hips, hitting Sherlock's cock with his own.
happen?" He pointed at the letter.
Meanwhile, Sherlock was bending over the corpse, using his looking glass to examine one of the tattooed insects in the spider web. He muttered something about the direction it faced having a meaning, then excitedly moved onto the next interesting body part.
"Yes, I think I do. Is this okay?"
?!" Wrinkles appeared on his forehead. "Really, Sherlock?"
"Just one. Son of one of my father's business partners from the past."
"Alright then." John's smile was radiant. "I suggest, we move beyond flirting right now."
I'd had a high opinion about John before this case, but he really impressed me that day. By the look on Sherlock's face, he was beyond impressed. He looked like someone who had only now realised, how amazing the person was, that he all too often took for granted. I believe I saw some regret behind all the excitement.
John needs a moment to control his breathing. "No, it's perfect. Really. But I think we can make it even better."
"So?"
To be honest, I was doubtful that he would find someone. He can be a bit rude and difficult to handle at times. But then, I did not know him so well back then. To my surprise, a week later  he sent me a message to announce that he and his flatmate would like to move in as soon as possible. I was at my sister's at the time, so I told him to get the spare key from Mr. Chatterjee (he is the owner of the sandwich shop downstairs) so that they could move right in. On the day I came back Sherlock texted me that they would come by at 7 pm that evening.
"Sherlock." They raised their glasses.
I did not want to appear as one of these conservative old ladies who find the idea of two men sharing a life abhorrent. So I suggested that it would be fine if they only needed a single bedroom.
John took Sherlock's face in both of his hands. His eyes looked a bit wet, and Sherlock realised this his own might be a little wet too. John gave him a tiny kiss on the lips.
John loves the enthusiasm and goes to work. He pushes down the trousers as far as necessary and gently reaches into Sherlock's pants to uncover his erection. It's long and lean and rock-hard and wet and...
Oh. To make tea, one typically took the kettle, walked over to the sink, filled it with water, put it back in its place and turned it on. Somehow Sherlock had failed to do any of this. Instead, he was leaning against the counter, legs crossed, his chest at display. This was unfortunate.
Sherlock let that sink in for a moment. "Meaningful is fine for me."
"So, where do you want to have me?" Sherlock bit on his tongue. He really should not have formulated it
Covering two fingers with lube, Sherlock reached behind his balls. Normally, he would think of something that he found arousing, mostly John, and go to work on himself as efficiently as possible. Oddly enough, it felt wrong to think about John now that he was in the same room with him. Sherlock was at a loss. The problem solved itself as soon as he began circling his hole with his fingers. John's reaction was immediate. His breath hitched, and his cock twitched and plumped out visibly. Sherlock continued, and pushed a first finger inside. He spread his legs further in order to give John a better view. It started to feel good. Out of habit, he touched his cock and testicles with the other hand.
"You need to sleep," John said.
John's expression changed to incredulous. He looked at himself, gesturing at his body.
It was late in the afternoon. The streets were jammed with traffic. Sherlock decided to walk. He noticed a missed call from John and ignored it.  He meandered through the streets of London until the sun was setting, ignoring two more calls from John and one from Lestrade. He bought some chips on the way back to Baker Street, ate them while walking, and went straight to bed.
At precisely seven o'clock a cab arrived and Sherlock got off to shake the man's hand. I rushed downstairs to open the door. Sherlock was at his best behaviour. We greeted with a hug. Then he introduced me to John in a very polite fashion. Sherlock seemed oddly nervous, like a schoolboy bringing home a girl, or in this case a boy, for the first time.
I think it is safer not to go into the details. You will not find them on the blog either. The upshot was that the boy's tattoo carried sensitive material that was to be smuggled out of the UK and to be delivered, via the model, to its recipient at a tattoo convention in Indonesia. The "transaction" was intercepted by a third party at the Dubai airport. The tattooed boy, who was completely uninvolved, was collateral damage.
"Seriously, that..." John laughed, shaking his head. "God, we were not exactly quiet in the end. I should go check on Rosie."
Sherlock was, once again, overcome by sensations: the smoothness of the tip, the salty taste, the silky texture of the shaft against his lips, the thick vein straining underneath, the glorious musky smell that screamed sex in capital letters, the minute thrusts of John's hips. Sherlock wanted to keep doing this forever.
Sherlock started to get the picture. "I suppose this was not the only meeting of this kind."
Sherlock did not know what to say to this. It looked like John had provided him with a way out of this mess. Things could be the way they always had been. This was supposed to be good. But somehow it was not. Now that Sherlock had seen this side of John with his own eyes, he could not just ignore it. As a matter of fact, he wanted it for himself, had wanted it for a long time. Until the day before, sex and John had been an abstract concept to Sherlock. Having witnessed the real thing left him with a desire that he did not know how to handle.
"Tell you what. Let's have a shower and some breakfast. And then we come back here and continue what we have been doing."
"Do you think this is loyalty? That you keep quiet. About the superiors looking away. About the mob that went too far and is responsible for the death of a young man."
"May I?"
"Oh. I would not have guessed. You know, the chill, the falling leaves, the fog, the rain.
When John emerges from the bathroom in his dressing gown he finds Sherlock on the sofa, eyes closed, in his characteristic thinking pose. John is trying to gather his courage to say something. Moments pass. John is standing in the middle of the sitting room staring at Sherlock. He is at a loss about what to do next. His mind is blank. Suddenly, Sherlock jumps up from the sofa, plants himself in front of John and stares down at him with those inquisitive eyes.
Sherlock entered the building and stormed past a hastily retreating Mrs. Hudson. He kicked the living room door shut behind himself, yanked his coat onto the coffee table, threw himself into his chair, and stared accusingly at John's seat across from him.
"No, Sherlock." John laughed. "Not that. What I meant to say is that with you it would not be a meaningless shag."
Sherlock was desperate. Every chance for "back to normal" had just gone out of the window. He would not be able to delete this information. Ever.
Sherlock nodded in agreement.
"Is it really OK if I go for my shift at the surgery today?" John asked the next morning while handing Sherlock a cup of coffee.
As soon as John's hand had closed around him, Sherlock started to come. Reality disappeared around him.
John's attention was fully focused on what Sherlock had to say. He was smiling at Sherlock in amazement, as they proceeded to figure out the details together. I think, by then, they had completely forgotten about my presence.
So here is my request: When did you notice that there was something going on between them? When did you first catch them shamelessly flirting with each other? I want to know all the details. Just drop me a line or call me or use whatever means of contact you prefer (except for kidnapping please).
"Correction:  I'm not going to let you bleed to death."
A few days later, on the weekend so there wasn't school or other early responsibilities to attend to, John and Sherlock were up and about in the kitchen. There was tea, toast, and soft discussions about things to do later in the day, routine stuff, and the assignment of tasks grew to teasing appreciation of John's latest custom blend of tea. A threat of lip-tasting turned into an embrace, the full frontal hug turned into a bit of a rub, an invitation, a promise when they could hear feet on the stairs, descending, invading.
- Sherlock never lost sight of Rosie's needs. Enough that he managed to grab her comfort toy. Something blooms in John's chest. That
At that question, the radiant smile of the news-bearer dimmed a little. "Still, yes."
It can be hard to realistically identify the people who do truly care about you when your perspective is so limited by whatever problems are plaguing you at the time. Both John and Sherlock in this chapter have people who care, who would like to reach out, or who do manage it, and are having trouble seeing it.
"I'm not. But I am reminded that losing you once was ... the hardest thing I've ever been through. And losing you again would have been ..." He glanced over at Sherlock then looked out the window, a frown on his brow, as he searched for explanation.
"I understand that residual symptoms, what you're describing, can linger. I’m sure Sherlock finds them .... unwelcome. Frustrating."
So when you've hit rock bottom, the only direction left to go is
"That's
"I'm fine."
He was not willing to gamble, to risk his brother's well-being. Not in the least. John was in the trenches with Sherlock, and Mycroft knew that his job was to keep him there, keep them both fighting, and do whatever he could do on every possibility, every contingency plan, from the background.
Serenity.
Dr. Benton - Jack, he says - stands at the bedside. The sedation is fairly low, and the official wean, the ventilator changes, hasn't even begun, and already Sherlock is restless, becoming more agitated. His heart rate climbs, and now that he is sitting with the head of the bed elevated, he is reaching for the breathing tube, first one hand and then the other. When he's not doing that, he's trying to bend forward from the waist, trying to bring the breathing tube closer to his hands.
Later that night, John checked on the children a final time before climbing into bed himself. Rosie, as usual, was all askew in the sheets, her mouth open, her blond curls framing her sweet face. Tucked underneath her chin was the pink bunny, and the soft plush fur moved very slightly in time with her breathing. Quietly, John pulled the door a little more closed before going to check on Sameer. He lay on his side, eyes closed, those long eyelashes catching the faint hallway nightlight. As also was his usual, he had the covers pulled up to his neck and slept without toys in the bed with him. Next to his bed, though, the bedside table had his usual prized possessions:  his watch from Uncle Mycroft (complete with some sort of tracking device, John knew but didn't talk about), the photo of Laila, and now, right next to these, sat the blue bunny. It had been carefully arranged, legs and paws neatly in order, ears resting without wrinkle. And out of the corner of his eye as John began to turn from the room, he could have almost sworn that the bunny winked at him. He blinked once, the room remained quiet and still, and he mentally shook his head at his own imaginings. Sameer's door, he also pulled nearly shut as he left, keeping his own bare feet quiet on the carpet and then tiptoeing softly down the steps.
"It's hard to imagine."
"Dad!"
I was going to delay posting to let them get a ... ferret, or chinchilla, or honey badger, and then realised that in keeping with Princess Bride they need to get a ROUS. And from there, it just got sillier. So here you go.
"I think it's a bad idea." Sherlock's disdain was evident in his words and especially his tone. "A terrible idea."
"-- husband." John clarified, overruling his less volatile description. His word was a statement without being aggressive, and it was followed by a moment of eye contact between he and Sherlock and then he turned to watch Sonya for her reaction. She smiled, a little tightly, but a smile none-the-less.
"This way please."
His ears came back on line first.
"Oh stop it. I'm not afraid of you." Her brow raises and she tilts her head. "Hard on families, too." Her eye contact is confident and direct. "Watching from the sidelines, being powerless, is also worrisome."
"Trust me. Not only will those tickets, David Barnett --"
It changed the direction of John's efforts. "She had dinner?" He managed to ask in between Rosie's bleating.
"I have mastered the game. Which you should already know."
His subconscious was aware of Sherlock's distress before his mind picked up on it. Something about the breathing pattern or faint variance in body tension alerted John, and he opened his eyes, focused on the supine form on the couch.
The understated warning was not well received. "As if. Because I will leave the hospital immediately if you do. I swear it."
Dexamethasone. Powerful. Can lead to short term mood changes, insomnia, stomach upset. Sometimes kidney involvement that
Molly hugged her. "I've lots of things planned, we're going to have loads of fun. So let's say good-bye nicely, and then --"
"A bunch of
They ended up going home with the bright yellow pair. And shin pads, and a practice ball, all matching.
John nodded, and Allison spoke. "I have a time out. Sherlock Holmes. TOE/cardioversion."
Protecting the vulnerable - definitely something John would find very important. It is still largely unknown how virulent an asymptomatic (or more technically, a
His mobile charger. Another pillow. More clothing.
pale blue.
"Chair? Or do you want to go lie down for a little?"
"Go away."
"To good health," she says to him.
The nurse was just here and I just barely saved the journal entry and turned to a game on the phone in order not to get caught. I'm sure she noticed. But she sat with me for a while and actually listened and that part was very nice. It makes me remember serving with some really wonderful nurses in the army, that they spent so much more time with the patients and I never really understood how very important that part is. Her name was Ellen and her actions were louder than words to be certain. She listened as if I really mattered, as if helping me was important to her. I know she had a million other things to do but she ... it was very refreshing.
John could see in Ashley's face how needed it was to celebrate these small victories, the discharges, those who recovered. And he understood it - and needed it too. "He's all set, right? You don't need anything further?" He was fairly certain all the discharge orders were written, the coordination of oxygen supplies, of home health visitors. In these non-visitor days of the hospital, even coordinating things like a ride home from the hospital required good communication. In this case, as the patient was oxygen dependent, the transport would be by ambulance.
"Sherlock." John chided lightly from the bedside.
"Understatement," he breathed low and then continued his sulk.
"Sherlock," he said, rising to his feet.
Those first patients chest xrays, god how little we knew in the beginning, that ominous "patchy diffuse alveolar infiltrates" which was curious in wave one was a death sentence in wave two.  And the markers, the d-dimers, the CRP, the ferritins - and nothing we really tried, no new findings we instituted seemed to really impact.
"Sherlock."
"This was not your fault."
(See the end of the chapter for
They were also quite glad to get home, where they were greeted by two open-armed happy children and an adult who were also pleased for the entire family.
"Yes, that might be ... Thank you, yes, please pull up closer."
A shorter one, but I wanted a bit of tenderness for these guys and for Molly. I hope I have done it justice.
"Are you angry with me for some reason?"
Finally, John patted Sherlock's calf, shifting it so that he could get up off the couch. "Tough break, mate. Maybe next time, eh?" He hesitated before getting involved with something else. "Now, I think I have some lotion for that dry skin. All right?"
John considers that they are the strangest co-parents ever, Lydia with her military clearance and most definitely an appreciation of an orderly lifestyle, and John with his overcompensating, his guilt and his trust issues. Lydia is smiling, amused, and he feels he needs to elaborate. "Usually, I do take advantage of these teachable moments. And when necessary, of course she hears the word no. Sherlock, on the other hand, caves in almost every time." He eyes Rosie, who is now eating and playing with her toast as she smiles back at him. "He would claim that this" and he gestures to the cup, the floor, the line between, "oh, probably reinforces her object permanence and demonstrates that we can be reliable, that we take care of her always. Usually, I would take the cup away and she'd fuss. Today, though, no. Choosing our battles, right Ro?" She makes that funny growl sound again and offers him the piece of toast in her hand that is partially chewed and not especially appealing looking.
Sherlock didn’t disagree with that. ”Shower.” For a moment, John nearly bristled at the command. It was defused with Sherlock’s smile. “Please. We have some celebrating to do after.”
John's lips disappeared into a thin line as he complied, knowing that Sherlock's aggravation was not specifically directed at him but at the situation.
"You should see the other guy," John quips the cliche without thinking, and then realises that the other guy is actually only a few rooms away - Sherlock - does indeed look a hundred times worse. He sobers, apologises. "I know. Once he gets settled upstairs again, I'm going to have to ... run home for a kip or something."
man, will become clearer in the next chapters. I think John's going to hit bottom before Sherlock does.
Chemotaxis is what propels a spermatozoa toward an ovum, based on stimulant and increased biological markers from the ovary which stimulate receptors through fluid media.
"Yes. North Yorkshire."
"Most definitely not." There was an urgency, a discomfort to his words. "Definitely. No."
"Fine." The snarl at least wasn't loud.
”Then we are wasting good sleeping time.”
Mycroft leaned closer, a finger waving at Sherlock's head, and spoke curtly, "
"What?" Sherlock demanded. "What's going on?"
"Well, if need be, I can certainly step out."
"Oh please," she said quietly with a quiet but amused voice. "Rest assured that I give every job my full and undivided attention." She gave him another look, then, one of competence and a strong disposition. "I realise you haven't named your client, but I know who you are, of course. And I know your brother, by reputation anyway, and that he has been a previous target. As have those close to him. I have had high profile clients before, and I have to tell you that if you hire me and, just as a theoretical situation, if I were to find that you are a threat to him, I will find a careful intervention to neutralise
The vascular surgeon turns to John as if to explain but John shoos him away immediately. He certainly doesn't need coddling when duty calls.
Frowning but curious, John turned to pick up the small tablet they kept out for spontaneous ideas, jotting notes, or taking messages. "Okay."
"Let's go." When John didn't move, Sherlock continued. "John."
The kindness of the comment landed harder than a blow to Sherlock, and he blinked away the nearness of actual tears, of emotion. "Understatement."
"Listen, sure." There is enough of a smirk, just barely visible on the one corner of his mouth that John realises his mistake.
John forces his face to smile, to convey calm, and he matter-of-factly responds. "I know. I understand." Sherlock is telling him that to live with a deficit is unacceptable. He nods and Sherlock stares at him, with desperation, until their eyes connect and hold long enough for some communication to happen on some level as he implores John to get it. "I still think ... this is all fixable. You're going to recover. It's treatable."
"Depends on what they find. And the vascular surgeon will be out to talk to you, or if the a-gram is soon, he'll see you in the department. But a plan is going to have to wait until they see where the blockage is. And how extensive it is." Rob goes on to explain that sometimes the clot can be retrieved, or they can place a stent if the artery is narrow, and sometimes a combination of both, again, determined by the findings of the imaging studies.
"Took you long enough."
Mycroft did then lean back in the chair, deliberately trying to at least give the impression that he was relaxed, casual, unaffected. But there was a sour expression on his face. The glare conveyed all that he would have liked to say in return.
"Stay here," Sameer whispered as he seemed to press his body further into the mattress. "I can stay here, please?" Though he obviously didn't want to move from his spot next to John, he sat up to leave John room to get settled with the nurse, to prepare to move about. Sherlock folded his long legs into the tall-backed chair at John's bedside and drew Sameer toward him while they watched John move with assistance, pushing his IV as the nurse steadied him as they shuffled toward the bathroom. He'd barely managed to get a few steps across the room when the retching began, followed by a moan. The nurse had quickly provided a basin as they went.
"I helped."
Sameer's already big eyes went absolutely huge, and his smile was not far behind as the news finally sunk in. "I get to do that again? For real?"
Be quite assured that Sameer also has his mother’s photo in a small frame right next to his bed. He falls asleep fairly certain that she watches over him.
Sherlock's eyes drift closed, his lashes long and dark against his pale cheeks. His chest rises and falls, and over a few minutes, his breathing again becomes very shallow and entirely too fast. Dawn is back, tapping his arm lightly, calling his name to awaken him. She explains again, that his breathing needs to slow down, get deeper. While she is in the room, she listens carefully to his chest, taking her time, then moves to double check the dressing at the top of his leg, and initially, his hand flings down to keep it covered, keeping the sheet over him, preventing her from assessing it.
3. No shoes of any type permitted inside beyond that of the entrance doors. Use the shoe racks provided for storage so as not to clutter the domicile.
Sherlock smirked at the incompatible extremes, dying-living, black and white. "Particularly while everyone else is high-fiving and waving balloons or some such idiocy." Sherlock's perception, his expression, his tone, were all spot on. "Cheering."
"No, I love it." He looked around a bit more, spying boxes and crates of handmade surgical hats, of headbands with buttons, and at the assorted ways they were already marked for the nurses stations. "This is a massive undertaking."
"It's been years, now. I hardly think ..."
"Exhausted. Good thing the day's nearly over, yeah?" There is more he wants to say, but the negativity makes it unnecessary, and he snorts a bit as he tries to sit up. "About time to go back to bed I reckon."
"Yes."
"I don't have anything beyond that right now. But I do trust, once you have an update, that you'll let me know?"
He's out with Rosie, just a quick walk.
"Dan is getting out today."
And as a child, he would not have known the word - but he certainly could grasp the concept, how the little beads of mercury were assimilated, quite attached to itself, drawn tight in attraction. The element was most stable when it was one large conglomeration.
John smiled at that. "No. The stage is already sort of set, so to speak." John had already managed to locate a musician that Sherlock respected, was interested in, played a few of the songs, clicked on enough links that some of the adverts had already showed up on Sherlock's computer. And one of them had a tour coming up in a few weeks.
"I'm not going outside wearing it."
"Still, you could have unleashed the beast of Sherlock Holmes on him, on all of them actually, and you didn't."
Rob takes account of those present, that everyone is ready, and doesn't mess around. "Let's go." The pace picks up as they leave the radiology suite.
"On holiday, you say."
"Any pain? Pressure? Trouble breathing or swallowing?" She waited for him to shake his head. "Okay good. I'll see you in the morning, review things with you again. Discharge instructions, medications, follow up appointment - tomorrow. Do you know how to check your pulse rate?"
Rock bottom, he thought once more, and his chest squeezed, his breathing shallow as the pain gripped him again. He could feel each squeeze of his myocardium, each cramping spasm of hypoxic muscle, could hear and feel the pounding in his ears and around his head. He realised he might actually be there - rock bottom - sinking in the muck and sludge, no further down to go. His hands felt disconnected, his legs still in his vision but seemingly belonging to someone else, his breathing shallow and slowing. The panorama in front of him collapsed around the edges, the tunnel shrinking, becoming narrower as the pain escalated further. Not for the first time, it occurred to him that he might not survive it. Much of him, despite the heart racing sensations, melted into the floor, his body, his hair, his breath, each cell weighted and heavy. It would be very easy to just let go. To simply breathe out, fall asleep, to give in.
like kissing?"
"Very nice. That was -- where'd you learn to do that?"
"Not at all."
"Hope is what keeps us here, what deep down is why we have not thrown up our hands and said fuck it all --
Harry, sending you a PM. JHW
"It might."
"I'd be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to keep tabs on him. In exchange for information."
"Yes, you were. I know your tells. You get a little hitch in your breathing and the right side of your eyebrow furrows just a little deeper when you're worrying about the children."
John's lips thin out as, dyspeptic, he tamps down on the immediate urge to downplay, to deflect. To reassure, to placate, but ... no ... just, no.
She purses her lips. "Welcome back, Mr. Feisty, good to see you again. Clear liquids now, healthy heart diet for dinner," she says, not really even missing a beat, "provided you're not nauseous and can swallow okay. There are pain meds if you need them. Looks like the heparin will continue." She continues looking at the orders. "Clopidogrel will be once a day, to start tonight. Apixoban is twice a day, starting in the morning. These are both blood thinners, one to treat the PE and prevent another, the one starting tonight is protective of the stent, helps keep it safely open." She clicks a few more buttons, reading through what seems to John a ridiculous amount of time-wasting things to document on, read through, and verify. "Urinary catheter comes out at midnight, you'll be at some point expected to urinate by six or so tomorrow morning. And those foot pumps stay on, at least for now. Keeps blood flowing and prevents clot development."
"It's still a bit of a surprise to me," Sherlock says quietly as he sets the glass down. When John turns to him, all of his attention, Sherlock continues, "when normal breathing kind of catches me off guard."
People who early on had no idea how contagious the virus was.  Well, my boss was sick, and I worked with him but not that close.  We were just out for dinner, across the table.  Well, my kid was home from university, called me a couple days later.  Well, it's not like I was really around anyone, just at the store, just at the bar, just out with friends, just over so-and-so's house.  I'm taking it serious, I just refuse not to live my life (this one, six weeks of suffering, proning, trached, exhausted, refractory hypoxaemia, ungodly amounts of sedation and paralytics, only to have the suffering protracted by unrealistic family, well next week is their anniversary, and then someone's birthday, how utterly selfish).
Took all of maybe five or six minutes."
"We'll get through this."
"It's a different culture now." He took a small breath, hesitated, hoped the charge between them lessened a little. "I have too much at stake, you, Rosie, to risk not gearing up. And I'm not going to lie, there is still a little bit of a risk. But there's risk at the store, anywhere. And we have PPE to protect ourselves."
"Couple of minutes." There was commotion at the ambulance door, and a crew with a distinct sense of urgency arrived with a young man, dark hair, whose face was hidden by a non-rebreather mask. "Or sooner."
John interrupts, looking to reorient him rather than let him talk too much. "You're in the hospital, Sherlock. Blood clot in the lungs."
Ah home. I tried to get them down the hallway, but Sherlock was too tired. And John was too relieved.
Both looked up as they heard a quiet, tentative voice, "John?" and then footsteps as someone approached their table. "I thought that looked like you." Her face was very familiar and she raised one hand to cover her mouth and nose in place of where her mask had been, followed by a faint chuckle at the reference. "Well, from here up anyway."
"Sherlock," he murmurs once, then louder, tapping just slightly on his arm. "Hey, gonna run home for a bit. Rosie's fallen, needs me there."
"He has petechiae, on his calf. They are unlikely to be brand new."
, he didn't have to add.
"Of course.
The new room is a bit anticlimactic, actually. It is fairly large, a recliner and oversized couch against the far wall. The TV is big, there is an actual bathroom and shower. Sherlock's dinner finds him of course, but he only picks at it. The new nurse is sparkly and young but either baseline feisty herself or has been appropriately warned. "Good to meet you," she says on his arrival. "No funny business."
"So can I tell him you'll come get him?" She sounded inpatient and they both knew she had other things to do. "He seems rather contrite."
Exhaustion and guilt and sleepless nights overwhelm him until one morning he finds himself handing Rosie to Molly, so that his feet can carry him to Baker Street without conscious decision. It was a spontaneous enough decision that even Mycroft and the British Government does not know and cannot prevent it from happening.
"Depends."
"Seriously? That's ridiculous. It's an endoscopy. It's ..."
"Oh shut it, John. I really don't want company."
"Feels right," John breathed. "Staying."
And apparently ineffectively. Sherlock rolled his eyes. "I know what I am doing."
"That's exactly what I'm saying. We say it all the time:  there's no emergency in a pandemic. In an airplane, it's put your own oxygen mask on first before assisting others. Back in Afghanistan, the phrase was, everyone goes home safe. You absolutely have to take the moment, as long as it takes, to protect yourself."
"Intubation," he echoed, knowing he was frowning. Although his heart was beginning to pound, he took a deep breath, stalling. "Life support?"
She gives Sherlock a cued hug, a sloppy but spontaneous kiss, and then tries to pull off the oxygen again while she is close. When Lydia and John do finally get her packed up and ready to return to Baker Street, she is holding the bunny tightly.
"By being a total berk?"
"Yes."
The pillow is more firm than John's own, nice, and he tries to will himself to sleep. The sooner to sleep, the sooner morning comes. He is eagerly awaiting the opportunity to really be able to interact, converse with Sherlock. Exhausted, his body and his mind finally settle, and he falls into a much-needed sleep that is dreamless.
For some reason, he was drawn into the mystery, the ... deception. He listened quietly as the nurse shrugged, knowing that the final signature on the discharge papers wasn't mission critical. Greg concurred, commenting that he had just wanted to make sure the man was all right and going to link up with some professional help after a situation like this. "If he rings back," John began and then shrugged as the others listened, "is there a message?"
Dr. Steinberg smiles with a bit of an apology. "Unusual condition. Has garnered a bit of attention, Mr. Holmes has." He gazes into the room at the bank of monitors. "They are looking at the arm first. First pass looks like an arterial thrombus in the distal portion of the brachial artery, just before the interosseous bifurcates off." To the tech, on the side screen, he says, "Replay that injection of dye, would you?" He identifies some landmarks although it was unnecessary for John, he still appreciates and listens closely as the man begins to give a play by play. "So here's our catheter, feeding down here, just about mid-humerus now, a little further and ... BAM, some resistance. So here comes the dye injection, watch for it, see it? Right there, it gets real narrow and then just stumps off just below ... well, close to the antecubital area. Flow just ends. Thrombus, absolutely. Play it again?" He points downward again, "Watch here, there is some collateral circulation, which is protective, shouldn't be any damage. Just need to restore blood flow." He is speaking quietly to John primarily, but the room at large is also paying attention to his explanation.
John chuckled. "Right. Let's not recall our history, not to mention med school, front lines in Afghanistan, working in the surgery, experience as a doctor, all for --"
Sam shrugged, and with a small smile said, "Mama and I used to talk at night. She said I was trying to avoid going to sleep."
"I'm Kelly, the charge nurse. I called you earlier." John waits, and she continues, "They just called up. Symptoms are mostly resolved. No CT angiogram was done. Not needed. They're on their way back." There is another pause, and John nods slowly just to prove he is listening. "Rob asked me to tell you to sit down. And breathe." There is a smile from the other nurse but John doesn't return it. He can't. The only thing John thinks he can manage is possibly being physically sick. He presses a hand on his stomach. A finger points to the chair that he occupied a few hours ago in the corner.
"Take care, I’ll be a half hour at the store."
"Sonya, please."
"Yes papa." He smiled and uttered a quiet thanks as John set a glass of water in front of each of them.
Sameer didn't seem particularly troubled by their relationship, although they didn't confront it directly often. There were a few times that John made sure to prepare him for school projects or discussions about families. They talked about mother's day, and that they could celebrate it any way Sameer wanted. John tried to prepare him for some sort of tactful answer when someone instructed him to take a paper home to his mom and dad, or even just asked about his mother.
"As I said, you could help me. It would go faster." Tipping forward to a knee, Sherlock did begin gathering the files, shuffling the papers inside.
John isn't sure how to answer that.
"Can you try your mobile again?" Sherlock located it, weakly held it out for John.
Dinner Conversation #4
When he returns fifteen minutes or so later, it is with two cups of tea, cautious but definite permission from Sherlock's nurse, an armful of linens, an oxygen tubing extension, a plastic sleeve, some tape, extra cardiac monitor electrodes, several alcohol pads, and an IV flush syringe.
- how many beds in covid ICU do you have?
two television remotes, most of the buttons chewed off
John doesn't necessarily disagree and mentally compares them to chemotherapeutic agents, which are even closer to poison. "It's all benefit risk assessment. Do the benefits outweigh the risks?"
"Absolutely." He presses a kiss to her brow in comfort and support. "You okay?"
He softened, knowing that Sherlock had enough trouble expressing his feelings without John giving him a hard time on top of it. "Time will tell, I can appreciate the worry, wondering about it. Hypersensitive to every little fluttering, any sensation in your chest." Slipping off his shoes, he pushed them out of the way, propped his feet on the coffee table. "And that's gotta feel kind of, in medicine we call it a sense of impending doom. We'll wait and see, hopefully it won't recur and as time passes you'll worry less. So the only thing that I can say with one-hundred-percent confidence, is that you're not alone. I'm here to help you, provided you let me. That you tell me if something's not right."
Dr. Benton chuckles, and John knows it is the
Baker Street was pummeled with rain, big heavy drops that pinged and clicked on the windows. Now and again, there was the sizzle and hiss and rumble of thunder and lightening. It was either very late or very early, or technically both, and during this particular thunderstorm that was brewing, one especially close, loud bolt seemed to shake the flat until the structure creaked and complained. Rosie awakened with a startled cry, got out of bed.
"Tomorrow is fine."
The glass tube, he would remember, had shattered in a few large pieces, but the mercury, well, now that was a whole different level of fun to play with.
Sherlock was not unhappy. He truly was sick of it, fed up, and bone-weary tired. The nurse came in a brief moment later, eying the equipment and his skin and checking to see if he was awake. "Was that your brother?" At her question, Sherlock tuned her out, ignoring the few, well-meaning, polite -
Sam smiled again, broader, an excited expression. "Yeah?" His mobile buzzed then from his pocket, and he removed it to check the screen for the incoming call.
John was sorely tempted. "Yeah, just a little I guess." He eased his tired body into the kitchen chair and smiled gratefully at the man across from him. "I'm so appreciative you know."
Ignoring John's quietly delivered barb, Sherlock rose, began clearing the table and his own plate, scraping the leftovers into the bin, rinsing dishes, putting away the food.
" Another small smile is exchanged, and John realises he is glad Mycroft has come, even for this short time. On his way out the door, Mycroft tilts his head, his eyes serious and concerned, and then there is a faint smile, a quirk of the eyebrow that somehow communicate -
"Let's go," Sherlock's demand is quiet, forceful.
John holds out the bottle in his hand, clicks it against Sherlock's, toasting their rebellion. They exchange a grin at the irony and each man takes a sip of the beer, and it is good. Very good even. John hesitates, feels Sherlock's eyes on him, knows it needs to be said. "Rather be here with you than anywhere else." The truth winds around between them both, the words settling over them. He doesn't qualify it, doesn't apologise, doesn't clarify.
A faint nod, and Sherlock shifts slightly as he sits, uncomfortable still. "Is Lydia leaving today?" Sherlock's prickliness is a little lower.
"No impairment. I want to come back, wake up
"And?"
"Thanks. For your department, too." They stepped back out of the way as a young family rushed inside and sought immediate assistance from the clerk. "So, he's still here?"
Sherlock's tentative hands, one then the other, on his arm, his shoulder, his back. There is the faint patting of fingers, hesitant, cautious.
Hard swallow, intentional inhale, silently. Thrum-thrum-thrum in Mycroft's ears, stress related, heart-pounding response to his indescribable fear. "Keep me posted."
mixed with
, he thinks.
He could hear shuffling, moving about, and some soft music in one of the almost never-used mortuary back rooms, a large clean work room, a conference table with unmatching chairs, piecemeal of a department. "I'll be right out!" her answer came quickly. Later he would realise that it held a cautionary directive that she wanted him to wait there and not come further into her department to find her.
"Just in time," Dean says. "John was just trying to connect some of the details, figure it all out."
"Unfortunately, apparently it isn't the only thing I brought home with me. Though the blood clots were not exactly something I meant to acquire."
"Yes, I got accepted."
"Beg pardon?" she tried to clarify at his refusal.
"Give me a range then.”
And, stomach full of lamb, well wishes, and a job well done, she slept too, comfortable in the knowledge that tonight had been quite a success.
I'm exhausted. Covid has sucked too much energy already.  I am clinging hard to that little flicker of hope I have been hanging on to.
The button was activated, there was a brief delay as the machine synchronised with his rhythm, then deploying. Briefly, his chest arched up just slightly, shoulders pressing down and his arms coming off the bed toward center in a quick spasm, and John was initially too busy watching Sherlock to pay attention to the monitor at first. He watched his body relax again, eyes still closed, his breathing even.
"Where are you?"
"John, finally." Long arms, young arms, dark curls, are indeed waiting, ready, and open. They greet him, pull him close, the vibrancy of a powerful, desperate embrace. "I've been
John nodded, his smile sad and bittersweet, anxious and relieved at the same time. "Last patient discharged this afternoon. Took one off the vent this morning. There are now officially no more coronavirus patients at the hospital." He could have mentioned the mortality rates, the age associated complications, but didn’t. They’d talked about that ad nauseum since it began.
Sometimes it was quite blunt:  he overdosed again. Or, he overdosed, we reversed him, and he's already bolted before we could stop him.
"Okay, so ... enlighten me."
"You've got it ..."
"Listen. We can appropriately treat him here, keep an eye on him. Monitor the head injury. Hydrate him until the vomiting passes." Sherlock remained stonily silent at that, and he didn't care that the displeasure and willingness to bargain was evident on his expression. "Look here, Mr. Holmes. Isn't it about what's best for John?" More retching, the deep hollow kind that was followed by the sound of fluids into a basin and then suctioning again. "And I'm hoping not to put him through it, but if the meds don’t help him, he might end up needing a tube, a nasogastric tube - through the nose, into the stomach," and Sherlock was nodding and frowning at the same time at that unpleasant suggestion, "to decompress his belly and give him some relief."
"So will they be his last words?"
[Yes, the contents of this opening note is an iteration of a particularly timely and sweet comment gifted to me a few chapters back and never forgotten. Thank you for your gentle encouragement. Wisely chosen words are so powerful.]
By far, John will be the most effective player on the disaster response team.
"Oh, yes, silly me. Lucky, lucky me. Collapsed, clot in the lung, clot in the arm, bloody breathing tube, bloody hole in the heart, all of you and your control issues, these ridiculous medications, imprisoned --"
Baker Street is oddly alien, too. The familiarity of furniture and scent. Sherlock, guarded, distanced in a manner far exceeding the length of the room. The staggering heaviness of his spoken confession - the near affair, seeing Mary, the oppressive guilt of all of it - surviving, cheating, not intervening, watching in helpless horror. His own abominable behaviour. Yet everything is different, feels wrong, wrong,
shoved through my skin into an unhappy vein ..."
Mycroft's perspective and his story line ending with a little future-based get together - and celebrating Rosie.
Dan chuckled, and for a few minutes, he and Sherlock chatted about absolute trivial matters, issues, the weather, and a few other light-hearted news items. It was John who re-directed the conversation back to the present as they watched one of the staff members leave, the other totally absorbed in his mobile and not paying attention. "Seems like not a bad place, I guess."
"I am learning." The accent was thick, and John waited only about two seconds for Sherlock to get interested. "I practice."
"No." It was not a new argument.
The microwave dinged only long enough for John to press open the door, remove the pack. Folding everything into a waiting towel for insulation, he returned to the bedroom, where he dimmed all but one small up-light in the corner. The room was warm, as intended, and he slid on a pair of pants before coming to where Sherlock lay quietly under the weighted blanket, eyes mostly closed.
"But we're not ... partners. We're not ..."
"A week. Maybe a little ..." and he inhaled, exhaled uncomfortably, looking away from John's irritation, "... longer. Maybe."
"Don't
"Early. I'll be here before the doctor."
John puts two and two together and finds that it equals the nurse having called Mycroft anyway, even though he'd claimed it was unnecessary. "I'm glad to see you. But they needn't have called you, and ..." he gestures toward the desk, conveying that he wants and needs to stay close by.
"It's business."
, and John nodded. "Tiny volume, small needle. People are barely feeling them." He unwrapped the plaster, placed it over the site, and began to clean up. "Mine was mildly sore the next day."
want to go see him?" John pressed back, turning the tables.
Sherlock narrowed an eye, a little frustration visible around the edges of his face. He hazarded another guess, although a ridiculous one. "Little boat tour on the Thames?"
"Where do you live?"
"I think you know why --"
Sherlock emitted a faint groan as he exhaled fully and sank appreciatively into the pillow, the mattress, tipping back to press against John's warm skin. "I think it's time," John breathed into the back of his neck and he flattened himself against Sherlock's ribs, their chests touching. With one hand he moved to raise Sherlock's leg upward, granting him access. Another press of his pelvis, a rolling shift, and there was another sound of pleasure followed by the tightening of both arms as he tried to lever his body upward. "Enough. But I think you've worked hard, this has been wonderful. And it's time." The drawer made almost no sound as John reached for the trusty bottle of lube. "Don't you?"
A faint nod came first, one of heartfelt understanding. "I'm glad," Sam whispered, "because I don't want to lose you, too."
John gave a sort of half nod. "And you are?"
John chuckled, also feeling relieved that the decision was a joint one, and that it had been finally, calmly
Sherlock tucked the lightweight, oversized quilt behind the couch cushion, wedging all of it tightly into a corner. "Yeah, but --" John began and Rosie squealed and lunged for the toppling floor lamp that was partially holding things aloft.
(See the end of the chapter for
The wind whipped between buildings, stirring up the detritus - old trash, dirt, grime - of a nastier section, a back alley in northeast London. The buildings were only three or four stories high and he had no desire toward occupying any rooftop. He really didn't, and just the thought gave him faint chest fullness, the knowledge that it had been a bad idea, that one very terrible day. The call of the wild, the inner yearning, though, simmered and festered within. But oh, he wanted ... His hands, chilled and dry, were crammed into his pockets as he opted to head to yet another empty building, a place to crash, some shelter from the driving, bitter cold. From across the street, there was a whistle, a call, something that summoned his inner demon, and Sherlock made a split second - poor - decision.
The days were long; the nights were longer.
"Don't leave me here," the unshaven addict says from his knees, where he has fallen, where towering over him is his well dressed, cross-armed brother.
John breathes out the three-lettered abbreviation in stereo with Dr. Steinberg. The men all blink a few times, putting it all together and making the connection, all of them thinking their own thoughts for a moment, until there is more noise at the door. Standing there looking in is a tall man, suit coat open, styled gray hair over a tanned face. His eyes scope out the room and settle on John Watson.
Of quiet direction and instruction - It's time to rest now. You've earned it.
Sherlock silently grits his teeth, fusses with the sheet and blanket that rest over his stomach, and continues to say nothing.
"Shall I serenade your drivel with some sappy violin music?"
Blink, blink, the time on his mobile seemed at a standstill. It was pitch dark and now and again his sleep-deprived mind wondered if his eyes were open or shut, it was that dark, and he was that rattled.
Sherlock narrows an eye. "I swear, Watson, I've about had en--"
"It's not drivel. All of this is very important. And covered in the paperwork you --"
"Afghanistan. Ghazni, in particular. It is between Kandahar and, well, south of ..."
"Oh stop it. You don't need to be a big tough army surgeon right now, do you?" Another moment and John is ready to protest again. "Actually, I don't want to hear your argument. They're going to be a little while then I think they're going to restudy the PE too while they're all there and assembled. There's been discussion of perhaps using some mechanical ultrasound, bit of direct flushes into the clot, see if we can disrupt the fibrin, and
"Charcoal grey," John offered. "It suits you. I like it." With those words spoken, he slowly raised the blanket to Sherlock's neck, let it rest against him and get used to the sensation, the way it clung to him and hugged him close.
officially and finally becomes
Sherlock's eyes are much less irritated and are actually full of fear. John takes a familiar tour of Sherlock's heart monitor, his skin colour. Stable for being anxious, and his skin is pink. His oxygen level is actually a little higher.
continually."
"No." Sherlock's eyes are even more glassy and he brings up his hand toward the oxygen in his nose. John doesn't blame him, although it is soft silicone, it is still a large apparatus and fairly snug in his nares. "I need ..." John grabs his hand before he can dislodge it. "My keys are in the kitchen ..."
"What part of no --" Sherlock's stubborn words were interrupted by the quick placement of John's hand on his shoulder. A stony glare went from the man in the bed to the one sitting close by, and although John resisted the urge to dig his fingernails into Sherlock's muscle there, he thought about it. Loudly. "Go ahead," he said finally, petulant.
John watches the telly with half an eye, thumbs through his mobile, picks at a stray thread on the throw pillow. It doesn't take long before he hears a sharp curse from down the hallway. Ensuring that he is not smiling, not even a little, John goes after Sherlock, finds him tugging at the oxygen tubing, which is caught on the bottom edge of the door into the bedroom.
Or, in other terms, an end result of affinity.
"Doesn't change the fact that I feel like I should."
Finding out that I apparently asked for Sherlock to stay in the room while they pulled out the end oh tray key ill tube. Oh whatever phonetics is fine it's not like I will ever want to re-read this. But visitors staying in the room for that never happens because has a little bit of potential to be dangerous not to mention it's disgusting. But I supposedly asked and he agreed and the nurse was okay with it. Although it is Sherlock so he probably was morbidly fascinated. I was more awake and aware when he stayed as they took the chest tube out and I was grateful for him then because despite the pain med it wasn't a very enjoyable experience. I do recall him physically forcing me to look at him while they fussed with the dressings and sutures.
"Spontaneous?" John asks, then answers his own question, "It seems that they have to be related."
John couldn't stop the sigh and the unconscious way his head fell back against the wall with a thunk, eyes closed. Even though he agreed with Sherlock, he felt the need to explain further. "Idiot is another rude word, actually. So take that under advisement that it - either of those words, actually - aren't words any of us should really use."
When John returned with a makeshift ice pack - and he dearly hoped the ice supply would hold up given the power cut - Sherlock had an arm slung over his eyes. "Isn't that supposed to be up on pillows or something?" he asked as John positioned the ice to the affected site.
"I'm only going to uncover what I'm working on, so you don't get chilled." He shifted, taking the heavy blanket across Sherlock's chest, covering the arm he'd already done while exposing the other. It received the same careful, gentle treatment with the next cloth pulled from the packs, but before he rested the hand down, he brought it toward his mouth. The arm was relaxed, trusting, muscles supple, toned, but heavy in John's own grip. Pressing Sherlock's index finger toward his mouth, he bestowed on it a faint kiss, the briefest movement of his lips nuzzling, then returned it to the bed. Another few adjustments, and Sherlock was completely covered again.
than those hideous patient gowns."
"And hope that my dreams will come true ..."
For the first few minutes after they were once more on their own, it was silent except for the rhythmic sound of the IV pumps as they worked.
"I knew it. Even in this light, this late at night, I can tell that you're blushing."
"Then I'll just leave. Just pick one."
"Fine."
Briefly, he considered throwing the device in frustration against the nearest dilapidated wall. It was only the faintest measure of self-control - and the knowledge that to do so would complicate things by its absence - stopped him.
"Of course not." John didn't specifically let any emotion show, although the question seemed to tear at his insides for a moment. "No. Send you back to Afghanistan?" He hesitated, waited for Sam to confirm that's what he'd meant. "Absolutely not. Of course not." Breathing in deep, willing himself to calm down for a multitude of reasons, John exhaled again and willed his voice more neutral. "So, tell me, what is your last name?"
Sherlock's fingers went to his shirt buttons, but it was with a flash of realisation, then a glare and a raise of a haughty eyebrow. Again. "Apparently when you asked me about things we can't do at home, that might have been the wrong question."
"I'm sure I'm fine. You're probably exhausted yourself. For all your advice, you should probably take it yourself: get some rest. And if something feels off, well, I promise to wake you up if ..."
"I wasn't aware that these questions were 'scare tactics,' actually."
Hang in there, dear readers. Almost time.
. For a little bit anyway. And when we get back, I may have some other ideas."
For a moment, John seems to consider the question, looking back at Sherlock with fondness and affection, then over at Rosie who is chattering at one of her stuffed animals. The domesticity is ready to overwhelm him, the rightness of it. "Nope, this is it. This," and his voice cracks just a little before he clears it and continues, "is all I want. What more could I possibly ask for?"
Fortunately, instead of being offended, the therapist chuckles a little. "I'll leave you to it, then. We'll check round pretty often, or have the nurse call me."
Because here's what the course can be. A person gets infected, tests positive, and then after seven or eight days, the person starts to feel really terrible and short of breath. Because that's what we are seeing: hospitalisation onset is usually between day six and eight. Once you're in the hospital then, scared, anxious (because remember, you're by yourself given visitor lockdowns in almost every hospital setting again), with providers in full gear, more barriers than can really be imagined, you are probably going to get additional treatment. Don't think for a moment that any of these treatments are without some degree of risk.
"He doesn't know you're here?"
A couple of calls ordering takeaway.
Although she mostly was able to resist the urge, knowing that she didn't want to make the boy uncomfortable, she could no longer stop herself. Gathering him into her arms, she allowed herself a few minutes to revel in the hug that he not only allowed but returned. Her lips pressed a sweet, grandmotherly kiss on his hair before letting him go.
"Shhh, don't ruin the moment. You would have liked my Uncle Rudy."
"Yes, some. Hard to tell. Breathless. He's ..."
Tension melts from their shoulders. John breathes deep. And closes his eyes. Somewhere in the periphery of consciousness, his world clicks a little bit more into place, and although it is not perfect, it is a start.
The physician listened to Sherlock's chest carefully, did a brief assessment of his abdomen, removed his shoes, feeling his ankles. "Which leg?"
Dinner Conversation #5
"No and no."
"John." Sherlock comes close to demanding his presence, his attention, and John moves to stand at his shoulder, glancing down at him. "I am not willing ... I don't want... I can't live with a brain ... impairment."
To the therapist, he apologises. "Sorry. If you're okay if we titrate by those parameters, I'm fine. If you prefer that we call you, I --"
He worked hard, lifting crates and boxes, moving inventory, kept his head down and his eyes and ears open, and was beginning to think that the problem had solved itself when one evening he noticed two of the workers moving boxes to a more remote area of the loading docks. He snapped a few photos with his mobile, paid attention even as he kept to his own task, and watched discreetly as papers were switched, a small truck arrived, materials were offloaded, and the workers returned to the main storage area. It was low-key, involved minimal people, and he'd been in the right place at the right time - and mostly, vigilant.
- he was hyper-aware of the rise and fall of his chest, the way the fabric brushed and tickled over his ribs that displaced the weight.
He chuckled, reaching out for it. "I'd be honoured."
Sherlock's right leg is still restrained to the bottom footboard to keep it absolutely still should he wake up and try to move about. While John was out of the room, an indwelling urinary catheter has been placed, for which John is at least a little bit grateful. One less thing any of them need to worry about, Sherlock in particular. The IV pumps, of which there had been three, have multiplied. One has a white bottle with white fluid infusing and is labeled propofol; another is labeled peripheral heparin, which is right next to the other heparin infusion that is now labeled sheath heparin. The alteplase and IV fluids are still there. It sounds like an awful lot of anticoagulation medications to John, but he knows they are either infusing in different places at different dosages or are now even more needed because they act on different aspects of the clotting cascade. They infuse to dissolve clot as well as to prevent more from forming, to keep the existing clot from getting any larger.
No more.
"I'm impressed." He rolled down his sleeve, moved to stand up. "So that's it?"
"I did. And I don't blame --"
Nodding slightly, John wondered at the quick connection he'd made. "Yes, how'd you --"
very clearly.
"And we still have the flat to ourselves." Their eyes met, held. "We can absolutely move forward. Make this evening quite ... special."
Molly's arms were soon full of a vibrant and smiling Rosie, and the momentum of the room seemed to swell in a different direction. Crisis averted. "Of course!"
"All true, but not explaining the dangerous aspect." She smiled in conspiracy, glancing at John before continuing, pausing long enough that either of them could have spoken. "Incomplete emptying of the left atrial appendage can lead to clot formation." She hesitated long enough for Sherlock to dart a quick look at John, catch his smirk, and scowl in response before turning attention back to the doctor. "It's a boot-shaped part that, because the upper chambers are more quivering than pumping," and she demonstrated with her hand, fingers down, chaotically wriggling, "it doesn't empty completely. Stagnant blood can form a clot."
"Fine."
He stumbles on a case, something as convoluted as he's ever seen, sets a few of his constables on it, who get nowhere. He sends a text to them both, figures he'll drop the file off on his way home. The texts are neither read nor responded to, so Greg opts to swing by and is surprised to find Molly there, chattering with Rosie, who is in her high chair having supper.
"I think we could be food critics."
"Several, in fact."
"That's it, I'm moving this, you can just bleed to death then," and he does actually pull away mostly because it is unexpected and Sherlock in particular lets out a surprised squeak as the blood begins to trickle again.
John lies back into the couch, closes his eyes, and inhales. Smells like home, and he exhales.
I am writing as a new widow, one of the many who lost family during this terrible pandemic. My husband Jack was in the hospital for the final weeks of his life, battling this virus. I needed to share not only about the situation, the horror of it, but the beacons of light, of hope, of such caring healthcare heroes. I will forever miss my husband and forever yearn for things to have been different. I know our situation is not unique, but it is still my story, and I couldn't not write this so that others may take heart. Not to get discouraged. And to say thanks: there are good people in the world.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I know."
"I will. I feel a little ... better." His eyes were somewhere between sad and grateful. "Thank you."
another clot, just like Dr. Nguyen said. Probably need to do a little more testing --"
"No.” Despite the hour, and the darkness, John could just tell, me knew that something was a bit too smooth. “You're ... Are you categorising my vital signs or something?"
Left an impression on John at any rate.
There was a faint smell of cigarette smoke. Fresh, not stale. Or so it seemed. Perhaps, the owner had been here more recently than records indicated. Or perhaps the ventilation was just not too active. Shrugging, he continued his perimeter check, found nothing awry, and set up shoppe - for studying, and eventually, for sleeping - in what must've been a servants wing off the back entry of the rear of the sprawling domicile.
think we need more hobbies?"
The brush of toes on his calf is not the first time he's been subjected to this type of study in the wee hours of the night. Sometimes it is the faint sensation of being sniffed, just lightly, that deep inhale of curiosity, of appreciation. Occasionally it is tasting, the faint warmth of tongue that John only becomes aware of as it cools once he's done being sampled. One time it was quite too much, unexpected, the sudden and too-aggressive suction of Sherlock's mouth over John's pectoral muscle, his nipple. Whilst asleep. The startled and defensive awakening then had surprised them both.
"Three - no four sets. Pyjamas." John muttered rapidly, under his breath to Sherlock he mentioned something about not needing them much. "Both pair of your nice shoes, in addition to the ones you're wearing." Sherlock paused in the doorway, his hand on the door frame, to stare at John, as if by piercing him with his dagger-eyes he would be able to deduce any shortfalls, mis-steps, or forgetfulness. "It's only two nights, mind." John tried to reassure him. "Dressing gowns, if it's a mite cool. I got us an Airbnb. A simple place, but really quite nice."
"The doctor will come find you in recovery."
"I will stay," he said as Sherlock offered his hand. It seemed that he was trying to mesh with the furniture in an attempt to stay.
"I'll tell them afterward, then, that I had it all figured out."
"How much did you give them?"
"Lead the way," John says, tucking his right hand into Sherlock's left, then halts, pauses, lifting both hands for inspection. Sherlock is wearing the platinum band John had placed on it many years before. Abruptly, he freezes his steps, raising his own left hand to see. The matching platinum band that he hasn't worn, that hasn't fit for
"Is this ...?"
"Just asking ..." Sherlock was already scoping out the direction of the power cord, the path to the toilet. "I could help before I ..."
The waiting room in IR is disappointingly familiar, as is the sinking feeling of watching the doors close that separate him from Sherlock's presence. Although Sherlock is comfortably sedated, John worries less when he has him in his line of sight. He sits, he waits, he receives a few texts,
"I see you're still on page thirty-two, though, so you didn't actually get much reading done while we were walking." Sherlock's tone was fond and amused.
"Jesus Christ, stop that!" John was barely one step into the room, had immediately taken the scene in, responded verbally as he lunged toward his wayward new flatmate.
The evening is brisk and cool and they share a walk in the dusky moonlit air ends with them relaxing on the front porch of the cabin. John tops off their glasses of pinot noir, raises his glass to his lips, savouring each peaceful moment.
Which he does, in spades. With words like haemorrhage, filter mishap, filter rupture, perforation, risks from anticoagulation therapy, risk of additional thrombus ...
(See the end of the chapter for
And then silence.
John breathes deep, closes his eyes again -
Okay, then, John realised. Not a life threatening event. He sat up, bleary-eyed, blinking himself into more alertness. His thumbs were even tired as they began working on his mobile,
"No. But I wanted to -- I needed to," he began.
"Hang on." Rob clasps John's elbow to steady him, settle him perhaps, while he perches on the arm of a chair. "He's okay for the moment. Anaesthesia's placing an a-line now. Arterial line. So we need to give them a minute anyway." Rob refers to the small monitoring catheter that is placed in an artery for continuous blood pressure monitoring. It will also be used, John knows, for arterial blood gases and other lab specimens while Sherlock is on the ventilator. "And the vascular surgeon is here. He's in the room and he'll definitely be going back downstairs for that arteriogram that Dr. Nguyen mentioned, soon as the team gets here."
"I think she's telling you something, Dr. Watson."
Please let me know if there are still areas that are unclear. It's hard to find a balance in explaining things as we go or in just leaving details. I think I might have to get in a short, more fluffy chapter, set just a little bit in the future and keeping true to the premise without being a spoiler. I can only handle writing medical hardship for a little bit before caving and needing to offer some hope and more than a little bit of comfort.
"I'm sorry." John knew he was treading lightly, that the belief system of Sameer's culture was not necessarily that of where he lived now. "Sorry for what happened." Carefully, John watched Sameer's face, and there were many thoughts that Sameer was trying to express, trying to figure out. Although the silence stretched out uncomfortably, John waited, sitting quietly, hoping for enough patience to know when - and what - to say.
"Both of them," John adds as he narrows one eye at him, and the nurses comment to each other about something unrelated as they leave the room.
"Such as?" John could hear the fatigue in his voice.
"Exactly." Sherlock had chuckled, turned back to his paper.
"Nonetheless, I appreciate the offer."
This time, John could see the faint smirk, the pleasure, the satisfaction just begin to play around the set of Sherlock's mouth.
Chemotaxis: The movement of a motile cell or organism in a direction corresponding to a gradient of increasing concentration of a particular substance. It explains cell migration based on chemoattractant properties. It involves stimuli, receptors, and signaling. Chemotaxis, when combined with rheotaxis by a shark, for example, explains why a shark turns to swim into a current and then is driven to follow a scent such as blood in the water.
John hung up the landline and called down to the A&E to give the doc in charge a heads up. When he'd finished that, the mobile connection in his hand was gone. Something else down the hallway then summoned John's presence and attention, the distraction a welcome fear-reducing few moments.
"Fine. You should go to bed, though."
This patient, Dan, was one of their own. One of the nurses. And John, who'd come to the frontline hospital trenches to help out as the coronavirus was drastically altering the landscape of medicine, answer the call for assistance, was one of the first to find out about it.
"Especially then. Think of the press."
John pastes on a smile. Into battle in under three seconds. "Except for the oxygen and the IV meds you're still on, of course." Dr. Nguyen had spoken to them about recommendations for treatment of massive pulmonary embolism, as well as the medical management for the revascularisation procedure he'd had done. She had reviewed the PE Severity Index with them and informed them both about how unusual this combination of conditions was and that there was somewhat limited data. The recommendations, though, were sound. Based on all of that, they had made the decision for some fairly conservative therapy, intravenous heparin for a number of days and eventual discharge on a direct oral anticoagulation medication. They'd chosen, on her recommendation as well as the vascular surgeon, on the safest regimen going forward. Aspirin therapy, the low-dose strength, was given to him starting today.
Coming up: John's military career ends and he returns to London.
"What do you mean by that?" Sherlock's feet are back in the bed, but he freezes for a moment while John helps connect the foot pumps again, tossing the covers over his legs.
Molly has already sent a text,
"No."
"That's what I just said."
The readied water is poured over the tea bags, and they embrace as the most naturally obvious activity on the planet. John feels Sherlock's shoulder muscles shift as he hugs, sliding an arm behind John's waist. Soft lips press against John's temple, and seconds later, Rosie toddles over to wrap her pudgy arms around both of their knees. John bends, lifts, changes their embrace to be all-inclusive, and Sherlock delights Rosie with a few animated sniffs into her neck. She wriggles with delight and wraps her arms tighter around them both.
"No, I mean, unless you want to." They had both been quietly aware that the current situation, the stress of the unknown, didn't exactly put either of them in the mood. It was very mutual, and perfectly okay. Bedtime cuddles were usually a bit tentative, very low key, no expectations - somehow they both just knew and were fine with it, this season, and like the virus, it was not forever. "No, just, for bed. You know, relax together, safe under the covers."
Sherlock's long legs continued down the street, his formal-wear a lovely sight as he tugged at his collar, smoothing his bowtie, adjusting the sleeve so it broke nicely over his watch. One sidelong glance was all it took, and he groaned. "Not one word."
"Seems like a no-brainer to me. Go. It's not a big deal, you even said so yourself." John could feel that this was going to work out all right. "Or, ask for a different crayon."
"I know you do." He waits. "Will you listen to some advice?"
Although his eyes were still closed, his pupils were active, his cheeks slightly flushed, the rest of him paler than previously.
Tears streamed from the face that seconds before had been strong, stoic, focused. Funny thing about being in survivor mode, that sometimes, the moment there is another person to shoulder the responsibility, or to relinquish the responsibility to, it can lead to a meltdown of relief. Sameer had been strong and determined and now that he'd accomplished what he set out to, he felt apparently, that he could let his guard down and surrender to it. The shoulders that had been so upright leaned in and Sameer buried his face in his hands, setting his head down on the mattress at John's side. Even as John's head pounded more, he shifted his body, over in the bed, closer to the opposite siderail, making room. "Come on." His rough voice was gravelly and slow. "Come."
"It's a bit of a commute." The office manager was aware of the distance from where John'd told them he was living and said they could attempt to offer flexible hours that wouldn't require peak travel to cut down on frustrating traffic and delays.
Time passes so slowly, painfully, marching inefficiently and in an altered dimension in the waiting room. John texts Molly, where he has deposited Rosie for the night, a quickly composed,
release.
The nurse blinked and then chuckled at the unexpected humour, the reference to movie classic Princess Bride, chuckling as she reiterated the actual contents. Sherlock still looked a bit skeptical, but he swallowed both, then made a grimace of a face. "This water tastes terrible."
Resigned, John knows he doesn't want to leave without it, without at least reaching out a proverbial olive branch, to not part on these terms. Quietly, he takes a few steps down the hall, pushes open Sherlock's door, and enters. The room is quieter, the blinds drawn, the overbed light casting a soft shine upward. Sherlock is staring at the IV pump, wearing the despised oxygen in his nose, and his mobile rests untouched on his stomach.
"Ambulance." John gave his name, then Dan's name and his address, grateful that he'd kept it from yesterday's delivery. "Probable Coronavirus patient. Altered mental status," and the dispatcher gave some instructions and information. John confirmed that Dan would come to their hospital. Into the mobile, John spoke again, "Dan, we're sending an ambulance."
Sherlock barely stirs when Rosie comes home, and after a bit she is prepared for her afternoon nap. She insists, and is actually quite adamant, that it is Sherlock's lap she wants to snuggle in, that Sherlock is to be the one to read to her. By this time, he is mostly awake and more agreeable than he's been in two weeks. And so John sits back while she cuddles up with Sherlock, her book in one hand and her stuffed blue bunny in the other. He reads carefully and slowly, his breathing even as she is nestled in the space between his hip and his arm, in the warm place under his chin. At the end of the book, he stops, turns his nose into her hair, inhales slowly.
Sherlock answered faintly with a nod of his head, exhaled, and after a few moments, some breathing and John's slow massage, John could see that he was more fully boneless again under the weighted blanket.
She looks back at him, sees the confidence in his eyes, his belief that she can indeed use her brain and figure this out. So, empowered, she climbs down, studying the tree. Slowly, she circles it, her fingers pinching at her lips as she has seen modeled by both men in her life. She says very little initially, peering at the root structure, some of which is still visible, at the angle of the tree, at the scarred areas of the bark, the trunk. She looks around, sees some other trees a distance away laying tipped over, considers the breeze that blows upward, their present location, unprotected for the most part from wind and weather. "I think ... a long, long time ago, that this tree had a very bad day." She tips her head, smiling at the rapt expressions of the men watching her, her very own audience, and she pauses, enjoying their attention and their fondness. "And then the sun came out and started shining again. And the tree noticed."
Mycroft nodded again, and in the seconds that they locked eyes, John saw a bit more:  gratitude. And a hint of mild fear. And ... grudgingly ... respect.
And now he lay awake, sleepless, wondering about the fragility of life and if anyone had reached out to his former mate. How lonely, isolated, despairing had he been? He wondered if things were different, if the names were changed, if there would be a group text about him if something ...
"It was just an observation. No doubt, she's going to be very good for me. I do find, though, that once the children in my care know what I expect, they actually behave quite well."
His pyjamas donned, he wandered from the bathroom to be met with Rosie, rushing to get to him, tripping over her own feet - growing again, he knew - and falling forward in her haste and excitement to see him. Her hands barely came up in time to prevent a split lip. Again.
Zipping up his jacket, he nodded, smiled, and tossed one of the folded blankets over Sherlock's legs from the knees down. "Yep." Hoping it wouldn't stir the pot and rile him up any further, he hesitated at the doorframe, leaned back to wink.
John raised a brow. "You can't possibly know that just because they have a second printing of that book." He smirked. "Plus, the name of the contact via the website when I booked this was Francois. And I think his bio said he lives in Canada."
Sameer smiled then, warm and excited, and he pointed to the frame. "You showed me the photos. The box of them. Molly helped. She made copies."
"A hundred percent, seventy litres," the respiratory therapist says. "About as high as I can go."
Sherlock felt his mouth fall open. He forced himself to close it again. He was not sure if he managed to get the blinking under control, but that could be attributed to the lack of sleep. Had John just presented him with a second chance? Sherlock decided to put it all on one card. Luckily he was too tired to do a full-fledged analysis of the possible outcomes, or he may not have found the courage.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "Only you could come up with such an imbecilic title. I am sure your readers are going to love it. And you should not make such a fuss about the pots. You know perfectly well the sanitizing effect of cooking."
John was in the shower. There had been a small incident that involved Rosie testing the effects of a massive object (in this case herself) hitting a muddy puddle with considerable force (said force created by jumping). John, who had not been as keen on the outcome of the experiment, had tried to stop her. It only served him right that he ended up covered in dirt up to his knees. Sherlock strongly disagreed with John's attempts to interfere with his daughter's scientific endeavours.
It was only their third kiss but it was familiar and John realized he’d been craving it since their last. When Sherlock pulled away John fought the urge to haul him back down to him.
“We need to go to the school together and put you on Willa’s contact papers.”
John knew what she was talking about thankfully. He’d introduced her to nonalcoholic champagne two years prior during her first attempt to make it to midnight. “Yes, I’ll show Molly where it is.”
Sherlock had already known that. “This year is for you. Next year we’ll take Willa.”
Sherlock slowly sank down onto him.
“She’s bored.” Sherlock said as soon as John reached the bottom of the stairs. “With her school work.” He clarified.
“I wish you’d text Mycroft.” John said as he sat down, eyes never leaving the screen.
He’d hesitated a little remembering the sting of losing Redbeard but cats lived longer than dogs, at sixteen or older Willa would be able to cope with losing her pet. Deciding on a Siamese was the easy part, locating a reputable breeder with a flawless history and kittens ready for homes was more of a challenge. He’d found a breeder in Cambridge with one male kitten who had been returned after a new owner’s allergy.
~~~~~~
She scoffed. “The girl is hardly a heathen, dear. I put up with her just fine.”
They spent the rest of the day hiding out in their own flat. Sherlock kept finding himself at the window keeping watch. Once Willa was in bed John pulled up the video feed on his laptop and set it on the desk.
John nodded.
Sherlock shrugged. “You allowed me to give him to her.” He answered just as quietly.
John turned to look at Sherlock in disbelief. The other man was staring so intensely at the book that John was surprised it hadn’t caught fire yet.
John pointed towards the ceiling.
Papa told her that once too, Daddy had made a grumpy face at the lesson. But it worked, neither of them came and demanded she open the door. They were trusting the fact that Willa had nowhere to go.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. It was hardly earthshattering when a family member insisted the innocence of a loved one.
“Why do you ask?” He said after regaining composure.
He’d never admit it to Janine, or anyone else, but when he’d gone after her face (with a sledgehammer, oh god the noises her skull had made), he’d gotten sick, twice. She’d just laugh at him and call him a coward until he got mad and went after her with a sledgehammer to shut her up. After dealing with the hell that had been her face, carving up the rest of her had been straightforward enough. Straightforward, not necessarily simple or easy.
“Lestrade,” He bellowed, causing several people to jump.
Sherlock hesitated but then stood and walked around to his side of the bed. “Alright.”
When John hooked his thumbs into the waistband, Sherlock lifted his hips without being told and John slid them down. They were halfway down Sherlock’s thighs when he got distracted. Sherlock’s cock was just like the rest of him, long and pale. John finally gave into the urge he’d had in the living room and licked a stripe from the base to the head.
There was also the fear, not helping matters anyway. If John found out, though more than likely it was a 'when,' he'd have every right to do whatever he wanted to her. She'd betrayed him, badly. Even she saw that now. But it wasn't just John anymore, she's also betrayed Willa, and that was where John would gather most of his righteous fury from. He'd no doubt take the time to make her feel smaller than a cockroach, less desirable too, before very possibly ending her life.
He nearly asked the cabbie to head towards Harry instead of the morgue. He was very willing to place John in front of her and let him do his worst, whatever that might be, just to coax the tiniest bit of personality from him. Right now the things he wanted to do to the woman who sold his daughter out was surely twenty times worse than anything John might imagine. Let John loose on her would almost be a merciful act.
“You could have paid her to keep it open!” Sherlock sneered. “Unless of course you never planned for me to come home.”
Sherlock began thrusting back to meet him in earnest. He was seeing stars and was so hard he could barely see straight but John was still muttering filthy things to him and pounding into him relentlessly.
“Drink.” Sherlock instructed.
Despite his best attempts to behave like a professional John found he was distracted all day worrying about the other man at work. Trying to figure out exactly what he could have done to upset Sherlock that much. Wondering where he was now and what he was doing. It was just like being in a bloody relationship
She’d laughed so hard she’d fallen back on her bottom, red coloring her cheeks.
Sherlock took a step forward, most interested now. “Thallium?”
“Tomorrow night, let’s all three of us go out for dinner.” John suggested. “I’ll be yours all evening then, to do whatever you want with.” John’s smile became dirty.
Mycroft smiled and it was soft and caring, not at all like his normal smug grin, it made Sherlock uncomfortable to be at the receiving end.
John pursed his lips together.
It continued to confused Sherlock that John would let Willa know about a serial killer cabbie but wouldn’t even tell her that he’d once been married to the woman who had given birth to her.
She nodded at the woman’s question and winced as the pain made her head hurt even more.
She nodded frantically into his hand, eyes wide with fear.
Three days later Erik Wolfe was arrested for the murder of his son. John wasn’t able to finish his breakfast after seeing the headline in the paper. Sherlock had taken the paper from him after seeing his face, read the headline and then promptly binned it.
Sherlock had to think. “Twenty-ninth?”
The three of them ate dinner together. Sherlock ate an entire serving without cajoling or complaint and he didn’t even comment on the fact that Willa spent most of the meal talking. John was impressed with his restraint.
“Have I?” Sherlock asked surprised.
John growled, his hands flying up and catching Sherlock’s shoulders. He pulled him down until he could slide his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and then tugged him firmly up towards his face.
John moved and sat in his own chair. “Because whatever you’ve been through it’s been a lot. You’ve not even been in London twelve hours, now is not the time to dredge everything up.”
Willa didn’t actually have to go but she also knew if she protested Daddy would get cross with her. So she stood and took the hand Aunt Harry held out for her. Willa frowned when she noticed they were sweaty.
“You wanted children.” Sherlock said once he was sure John was fully awake. John still woke surprisingly quickly to a presence in the bedroom.
Sherlock grinned at his double meaning. “I mean food, John.”
“Alright.” John sighed rolling his eyes slightly. “Just remember for next time.” John called over his shoulder as he went to the bedroom to change.
He just shook his head and put the phone back down.
Sherlock was standing in the middle of the alley spinning in circles.
As promised Sherlock explained the science of baking.
John?
Willa grinned. “Uncle Mycroft is going to teach me French!”
John would brush his hand around Sherlock’s neck and ask if he’d stay up to hear Willa read something for a school reading log. Sherlock agreed. After she was done John would kiss him and ask if he’d stay up until Willa went to bed. Sherlock did.
He knew better than to risk that sort of wrath.
Willa tilted her head back to look up at him. “You have to be nice to Aunt Harry, it’s her birthday.” She scolded.
Sherlock took one of the papers off the top of the pile and glanced at it. “Will you be going?”
Willa finished her cake with minimal mess and as she wiped her hands Harry stood. “I’m going to pop into the loo before we’re finished. Willa do you need to go?”
They hadn’t done it for Willa’s first Christmas. They’d had dinner together but it had been takeaway at Baker Street, John trying to convince his eleven-month old that rice was not the devil. Her second Christmas had been different. Mrs. Hudson had decided to stay in London and that had been the first Christmas Greg and Mycroft spent as a couple, though John didn’t know that at the time and to make things appear less odd Molly had been invited.
He spent the rest of the evening observing, barely noticing when Mycroft left just before dinner.
Tentatively he reached out a hand and rested it between John’s shoulders. “John, relax.” He said soothingly and rubbed his fingers in a gentle circle. Slowly the tension seeped away from the other man and he seemed to lean back, ever so slightly, into Sherlock’s touch. His breathing became more natural and then slipped deeper as he faded into sleep.
Sherlock and John couldn’t just live their lives in quiet bliss, of course. They had to make headlines constantly, from their adorable little holiday on Valentine’s Day to the numerous high press cases. Missing of course from every story, every picture, was the little princess herself. Irene sometimes wondered if Mummy Mary would have left well enough alone if they’d just blogged about the child once in a while.
“Yes, but they weren’t in Cardiff for three days.” John hissed.
“Of course not.” Sherlock told her because
“It’s best to just let her have this.” John whispered before plastering on his best photo smile.
Sherlock wondered if he’d ever stop counting. Maybe once they talked about whatever it was they needed to talk about.
“John,” Sherlock interrupted John’s tirade, forcing him to look at him. “The evidence is… compelling.”
“He was a good choice.”
“You will, John.” Mycroft snapped, this was enough to keep John from protesting again. “You will go home and tomorrow morning you will go to work.”
“She’s asking you to carry her.” John explained after a moment, taking pity on him.
“Sherlock that’s a cat.” John said looking at the ball of white and grey fluff snuggled up against Sherlock’s chest.
This wasn’t how it was supposed to go. He had wanted to ask Sherlock to be Willa’s Godfather even though he knew the other man would have scoffed at the religious implications. He had wanted to watch Sherlock hold her for the first time while taking photos of the inevitable awkwardness that would ensue. He wanted the option to call Sherlock at two in the morning when Willa wouldn’t sleep because he knew the other man would be awake and would undoubtedly have some science based suggestion of calming a colicky baby.
John sighed and the lift went down.
He’d taken the laptop,
After dropping Willa off at school John turned around and headed towards Mycroft’s office, his proper one not the one he used in the Diogenes Club.
Just as he was reaching for the remote to turn on the television his phone vibrated on the table next to him.
The British government called on him frequently, yanking his leash to make him heel like a good dog. He went because he had no choice. Every mission seemed to carry more certainty that he would die and yet he survived.
Not sure I succeeded.
“Boring.” Sherlock informed him sounding more petulant than ever.
and reminded himself that hitting her was not going to help anything, his hands or the situation.
“John?” Sherlock reached out and nudged him as the food appeared.
It was after eight when the sound of heels on the stairs caught John’s attention. Anthea stood in the doorway and looked at John.
John understood instantly. “Right, stupid question.” Suddenly he giggled. “I seem to be saying that a lot today.”
John let out a breath.
The sofa had been replaced with a larger cloth one and the chair that had been next to it had been exchanged for a wooden rocker. The coffee table had completely disappeared and the rug on the floor was new. There was a proper desk that fit too perfectly between the windows to have been anything but custom built, it was definitely something of Mycroft’s doing though because John would never have splurged for custom furniture.
At nine they bid everyone farewell and climbed back into the car. Sherlock kept the violin with him at his feet. Willa had gone in after him making John and Mrs. Hudson sit together. They were driving for only ten minutes when Sherlock felt the weight of her head on his arm, she’d fallen asleep.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “If she has a tutor why does she attend a school that gives her work far below her standard?”
Outside in the drive, which had been empty when they arrived, were the children’s gifts: two bicycles, a dirt bike, and a very gorgeous old fashioned pram.
Eventually Mrs. Hudson accompanied him on the piano and Mycroft made it through two songs before gingerly ushering her away and taking a seat.
John came out of the bathroom and did a double take at Willa. He turned his gaze to Sherlock with one eyebrow raised in question. Sherlock just rolled his eyes at the other man.
Sherlock smirked at John’s reaction and peppered soothing kisses over the spot he’d just scraped. John’s fingers twitched into the muscle of Sherlock’s shoulders.
“I love you, goodnight Willa.” John said.
Mycroft held out the only thing he had to offer, a small black memory stick. “This is everything from this evening,” he admitted.
“Oh god.” John moaned, head dropping forward.
No answer came by the time the cab pulled up to Baker Street, John had been compulsively checking his phone during the entire ride. He paid the cabbie and stood on the sidewalk, looking up at the building before him.
Willa nodded. “Yes, the machine didn’t have Dr. Pepper and it only gave us one bottle so we had to buy two” She pouted slightly at her misfortune.
John groaned. “Every year she insists on a Christmas day photo of Willa and I.” He whispered to Sherlock before setting down the bag of gifts.
“I don’t, Sherlock.” John insisted. “There is a boy who carries half of my DNA but he’s not my son, he never was.”
Sherlock looked at him before nodding, his posture relaxed. John stepped towards the door, it opened as he reached for it. As he went to step through a flash of metal caught his eye.
This only served to spur John on. He was relentlessly driving himself into Sherlock until he was clinging to John’s shoulders crying out with every thrust.
John sighed and leaned into the hug. “I know, I just hate the idea of you going out without backup on case.”
Janine just sighed like she was done with her. “Alright, whatever. Ruin it, it’s not like we won’t throw it out in a little.”
“What do you have, Mycroft?” John asked Sherlock didn’t have to look behind him to see he had risen from his chair and was moving across the room. John wasn’t a fool, he would have already reached the same conclusion Sherlock had.
Just after Sherlock had dropped the charity bags off his phone rang. He had, given the time, expected it to be John letting him know he was done and would be heading for the train in a little. Instead it was Willa’s school. It was odd because she’d been fine that morning and the pollen count wasn’t high enough to cause her problems through her medicine.
“Then why are you bringing it?” Sherlock pushed.
“Uh, says here she’s homeless, occasionally stayed at one of the shelters by the river.” John said.
She’d last been seen by her boyfriend and manager on the evening of the thirteenth though no one reported her missing until the fifteenth when she didn’t show up for a massage she had scheduled.
“How long have you been up?” He asked and startled Aaron awake.
The Paraquat murders are a real and still unsolved mystery from April-November 1985 in Fukuyama, Hiroshima. Around 10 people died, 35 more became violently ill.
“Ah yes that Christmas.” John remembered stepping around Willa into the kitchen. “And you weren’t?”
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open and then cleared, he looked at his own hand in confusion before quickly dropping it.
Despite the cold Willa wanted to walk along the Thames. Sherlock held her hand as they walked and she told him about her week and of course recounted meeting Teddy. With any other human Sherlock would have be bored to tears but he enjoyed listening to Willa talk. He was about to take her to the mall to teach her how to make basic observations when his phone vibrated.
“Moriarty… the bombs… the security guard...” Greg spat out random words until a look of comprehension crossed Mycroft’s face. “He was found here, right here,” he gestured out towards the banks were dozens of police were milling about.
Sherlock nodded and began untangling himself from Willa. Once she was laying down the laptop moved to rest on the side of the bed to face her.
“We didn’t think Miss Watson was involved,” Jessica answered, her voice quieter than usual.
John sighed and resigned himself to having this conversation… again.
“Hey, sorry did I wake you?” Gregory asked as he turned and saw him watching him.
Dinner ended up being more lighthearted, and eventually, the evening progressed with typical busy-ness. Eventually, the kids were in bed and the kitchen was cleaned up, the flat restored to order. John sighed as he sat down, relaxing finally, enjoying the stillness and peace of those moments when they had the flat to themselves. And were still awake.
Sherlock has already fussed about being watched, scrutinised and inspected every second of every day of every waking and sleeping moment since ... usually he finishes the phrase with
Rosie was speaking. "... so I came down ..."
"Yet."
"Remember I'll always be true"
[comment deleted]
"All right if I get your medical history and what-not from him?" She looks between the two of them, and John is hyper aware, just based on her demeanour, words, expressions, and attentiveness, that she is worried.
"Well, at your age, pushing the limits of your refractory period is something of a personal challenge to me ..."
At his shrug, John searched and found it beneath the couch. Thankfully there was battery and it had finally found service. He dialed nine nine nine, and waited for connection.
Sent to MH, from JW:
"Some fresh air."
"Tonight?" John is wary. Nervous. "Is there a rush?"
This year, Rosie's last before university, John had something special planned. And although it couldn't be completely assured, he didn't think Sherlock had any suspicions.
"When?" John asks.
Small torch on the edge of the counter, recently used for a neuro check. Bed gone, oxygen paraphernalia missing, obviously Sherlock is still wearing it, the ventilator untouched where he had last seen it so still breathing on his own. The detachable piece of the monitor gone, obviously in use. Rob's clipboard, report sheet, his stethoscope with his name engraved on the earpiece draped over the table, thrown there in a presumably hasty departure. The lights are all still on, done obviously so that there was no question about what they were looking at, to make sure there was enough wakeful stimuli for Sherlock. The doors and the curtain remain pushed open, allowing for easier access.
He stops to relay the same message to Rob, that he is going home but willing to come back immediately if Sherlock needs him. The ICU is somewhat busy, and more admissions are coming shortly, the hallways and even the waiting room playing out some drama or another. Home will be better, John reminds himself, as he lets the nurses get back to their jobs, says goodbye to the intensivist, confirms that Sherlock actually looks like he might be asleep, and heads out.
It is morning. One more day.
"You would have managed to talk me out of it, more likely."
"Regular moderate sedation orders?" she clarified. John parsed that it was due to the high dosages that had been required.
"Now you're thinking." Sherlock huffed a tiny, silent laugh. "It's about time."
Less energy. Less sniping. Less confrontation.
"Stupid."
Sherlock's eyes open, one narrows at his hair jibe. "Did you bring that little basin home? I could do my teeth right here." John knows the little kidney shaped basin is somewhere but he is not about to concede the battle.
When John kisses her on the forehead as she is ready to leave, he stops, her forehead slightly sweaty. He kisses her again, feels the back of her neck and thinks she is a bit warm and asks Lydia to keep an eye on it.
The monitoring leads are unchanged but still snake out from the neckline of the ugly-print patient gown, which snaps over the arms. Untied, it hangs low around his shoulders. The cooler arm is still wrapped in a blanket and the white straps of wrist restraints are tight enough to keep Sherlock from lunging for his breathing tube if he were to be that awake.  There is a new apparatus on his warmer arm, from knuckles to up over his wrist. Wide tape secures the back of his hand and the middle of his forearm to a padded, seafoam green stabiliser board. Pressure tubing connects from the plastic catheter in Sherlock's radial artery to a manifold, pressure bag, and the entire tubing is transduced to the bedside monitor. The red wave form - systole, dicrotic notch, diastole - blips on the monitor in real time. It is secure, and for the moment, the numbers are within normal range.
"You never said ...
The psychiatrist stopped in, promised to return when a visit would actually have some meaning, once Sherlock had been liberated from the ventilator and could answer questions, but he did give Mycroft a bit more than a cursory glance and slowed his steps, then proceeded to have a seat.
"Yes," the doctor said, patting Sherlock somewhat sympathetically on the arm before walking out of the room.
Other times, Sherlock himself, unintelligible words or slurred requests for help. Interspersed with demands and insults.
He didn't pull away, enjoying the warmth and the show of affection, even being sort of ambushed, but he didn't engage yet. "I have to work this morning --"
.  The article ends with this sentence:  The brain calls from our depths, from the subterranean recesses of our mind.
So during this dark time, as we recover and move forward, look for the helpers. And say thank you along the way. Thank you Carrie from the bottom of my still-beating and somewhat broken heart.
"Nothing." Sherlock's deep sigh was punctuated by his leaning his head as far back as possible and closing his eyes. "They took me off the monitors early, hoping to get rid of me I'm certain."
Sherlock wasn't done, and tried again. "There's no reason why we can't just go tonight --"
... and the curtain falls.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Or what?"
"Sorry for the late ring, Ella, it's John." Absurdly, he wondered if he needed to clarify. "John Watson."
"Put this rail down, let me ... I'll just ... my bathroom is right through there," he said, indicating the direction of where is bathroom doorway actually is that his bedroom connects to. Although, at home and definitely not here. "I'll get right back in bed, I swear it." He punctuates his phrase with his left leg which goes - or almost goes - up and over the edge of the bed. John glances toward the foot of the bed and sees that his right leg, at the top of which is the access device, the medications infusing, is tied to the footboard of the bed. "John!" Frustrated, he snarls and pulls - or tries to pull - with his right leg.
"New onset - newish onset anyway - afib, probably."
"I don't." It was only a few seconds, but once John held the candle, he could see that the splintered branch wasn't terribly huge but given the angle it was embedded deeply within Sherlock's leg, whether or not the artery was involved was the bigger question. "This might need to come out in a surgery suite."
With a gentle tone, a kind expression, John shrugged. "Not necessary. Only if you want to."
"Exactly." Unrushed, John waited again. "So they closed it, and he should never have that kind of problem again. It's protective, that it's closed."
"Is that such a foreign thing for you, yes, of course we're friends."
With a frown, Sam was shaking his head slowly.
"Budge up," he says softly, using a gentle towel to completely dry Sherlock's chest. "Tee shirt. And then you can sleep."
He startled, looked up. "Umm, yes, a ... kidney. And something about blood?"
Sam had grown quite fond of John's fry-ups on the weekends, and particularly enjoyed those meals that included bacon. "No."
Age thirty three, John, upstairs, is having another nightmare, tossing, the occasional moan or groan and Sherlock reaches for the violin, the bow and case and rosin, tunes quickly. He soothes and plays and serenades, softly and quietly, from a distance, the notes and melodies usher the man upstairs back to a deeper stage of slumber, of rest. He plays more, letting his music become quieter until it finally ceases. The echo and the overtones and the air is still heavy with the sound, the scent, the caring. Upstairs, all is silent.
And also when you speak the word, you get a, the little thing in the middle of a sentence, that separates clauses. You know, a,  Fuck it never mind.
"My doctor brought this to me," Sherlock mutters. "And if you try to take it away from me, I swear I'll drink the rest in one gulp." Sherlock isn't usually a big beer drinker, but John can certainly understand his need to be defiant.
Mycroft's last recollection was the burning, the stinging, of IV medication. Of beginning to feel claustrophobic approaching panicky, what with the oxygen and the bite block and the monitoring equipment, and thinking that he'd made a terrible mistake and that he was going to call the whole unnecessary, ridiculous, dangerous thing off. Pressing up with both arms, toward his face, resisting everything he could reach, he tried to wrench his body away. The sedation waved through him and he could distantly hear the voice of John Watson as his eyes closed of their own accord - unacceptable, out of control, stop this right now! - and then John's voice, calmly, "You're fine, deep breaths now, that's it," and there was the faint squeeze of a warm hand holding onto his shoulder, also John's hand, warm and dependable.
"On what?"
"Why on earth --" Sherlock began quickly and then realised John was teasing him and that he had failed to pick up on it. "Cretin. You're as interested as I am and you know it."
John carried both steaming cups, set them down on the table where Sherlock waited. When Sherlock looked up, he asked, "You're sure you didn't want something to eat?"
John looked up abruptly to find Sherlock glaring. "Ticklish. Stop it."
I understand the valid concern that the vaccine hasn't been tested in the usual way over many years. But the two largest Pharma companies in the US have a combined total of over 74000 patients. Not one death. Extremely high protection. A very small number who got a mild case of the virus (not from the vaccine).
from?"
It happened sometimes when they were at a gathering somewhere, in a crowded area, a roomful of people, that kind of intuition as to where the other person was, some sort of subliminal, extra-sensory knowledge, that John could look up at the very same time that Sherlock also raised his head, seeking, searching.
John thanks her profusely from both of them, then smiles affirmatively and she returns it, wishing them both the best. The flat is still and heavy after the door closes, and he takes Sherlock's hand. "Nervous?"
Sherlock managed somehow to aggressively roll his eyes. Withdrawing his hand, he huffed, "Is that coffee for me?"
There is another faint nod and the heart monitor alarms again, high respiratory rate, which Rob silences and adjusts.
"No. That's not why." He rubbed his hand lightly over Sam's back, smoothing down his hair while he clung. Heat radiated off the boy, from being so upset and working so hard to keep a handle on himself.
Later, ensconced with ice cream in large bowls, she regaled Sherlock too with some of the projects, and the only dim moment of the evening was her showing the award she'd won, when her smile faded a little and her carriage seemed tense.
"See, was that so difficult?" John's words were fond and affirming as he opened, drizzled, applied, and set the bottle aside. "We deserve this, the feeling good, you and I." His hand, warm and slick, reached to himself first and then up against Sherlock's body, his fingers paying careful attention, his touch unhurried and thorough. "You ready?"
"I could ask --"
“For fucks sake. Bloody thing." He set it aside as he fumbled about "Candles. Now, matches ... ” he muttered to himself, thinking too late that he was caught unprepared. Safe lighting should have been his first consideration rather than checking on the house. Because now the darkness was going to be a bit prohibitive. “Eh,” he said again, quietly, as a bit of light flashed, lightning through the windows, “maybe not --”
"English."
"Explain first."
"I'm tired."
Primary haemostasis.
"No." The interruption was curt. "Not that." Sherlock's phone pinged again with the sound of an incoming message.
"Can I help you?" John began, taking off the headset and standing up. "We don't really have appointments here, but ..."
"It was a nice evening." John suggested as he opened the door a crack, ready to proceed.
The eyes of the patient reveal a lot -
"No." Sherlock, there on the couch where John'd helped him get to, huffed out a breath but didn't otherwise resist as John wrapped the cuff. "Unnecessary."
The smile was genuine and broad. These days, the critical care staff needed more of it, the celebrations, the victories, the ease. "Great. Soon?"
John blinked a few times, realising the subtext finally. "Please try not to worry. I'll be careful and certainly, I will be here when you get home." At John's words, his promise, Sameer hedged, his bright eyes looking into John's, which were not quite as sharp as usual, given the head injury and residual headache. "I'll be waiting for you."
"Good night, Watson."
"You said you were going to take care of that."
We both lost our mothers. And only people who have had that happen when they were young know what that's like. It's a terrible club with a very high cost of admission. I don’t say that to be sad but to remind us all that life is precious and things do happen for a reason. And it’s okay. I really think we've turned all right, not in spite of the circumstances but because of them. Because we have each other. All of the things we go through serve to make us stronger, am I right?
The words sink in over a few seconds of silence. "That's creepy." John can hear Sherlock's head turn toward him. "What if I ...?"
I might have been, in truth.
"I guess I should put that back on?" Sherlock finally asks in the dark room, the question more of a disappointing observation.
John's body lay completely still, but Sherlock watched his heart rate rise with exertion or emotion. Or, given the grimace and the furrow he could barely make out between his brows, discomfort.
A photo actually, slow to load, and Sherlock watched his mobile attentively while Mycroft, on the other end of the line, was curiously silent. The photo was low-lit, almost sepia toned. The image began to clear and sharpen from the top down.
"So the PE, the residual clot is ..." John begins.
I know we can't turn back time but good grief, there are times I wish we'd done things differently. Not done some things (getting shot comes immediately to mind, the debacle with Mary, mourning my best friend for two years, and each time I recall the anger-induced ...
"Shaping up to be a banner of a day."
They had barely set foot in the door when Mycroft arrived, the children and the dog all bounding up the steps. Mycroft entered last, allowed the whirlwind of hugs and greetings occur, before handing Sherlock a large, cardboard box.
"John." Sherlock pressed a little, and something in his tone gave John enough motivation to open his eyes and look at him. There was an extended moment of eye contact, of some non-verbal communication, of Sherlock trying to impress on him the need to back off, and then Sherlock continued, addressing John first. "You need to rest, and we need to eat. A little fresh air would be wise." Turning then, he focused on Sameer, who looked back only for a few seconds and then looked sharply, somewhat desperately over at John, hoping for another, more effective, intervention. Sherlock on the other hand hoped for cooperation.
She moved one hand back and was returning Sherlock's gaze, steadily, watching. They were both focused as her other hand showed no sign of pulling back.
When John returns, Sherlock is a little subdued, but there has been progress in his absence. There is an empty med cup on the counter and he is sitting in the chair by the bed. His oxygen level is low and the flow rate has been turned up again, but he looks like he's doing all right. The urinal bottle has been moved, rinsed, and now sits off to the side, where he can reach it if he needs. Sheila is organising the room a bit, and grins as John enters.
Mycroft had murmured through the rote words of appreciating the call and disconnecting. It was significant that John didn't - or couldn't - send the update himself. That's how critical the situation was, and giving dire news by text message was unpleasant.
I assure you, John will have stern words for Sherlock for his absconding without permission from the A&E. And he will be questioning the wisdom of his own complicity.
"What would you like to do once you recover, get out of the hospital?" John asked.
He dimmed the light to just the small one on his side of the bed as they climbed in, and John felt more relaxed than he had in a while. Although he always reveled in the idea and concept and actual location of home, coming home, being home, for some reason tonight had been particularly nice. "So," he began, "you realise we can't if you're actually planning on listing some obscure reference to sex. You know, on that itemised bill."
"Everyone all tucked in?" Sherlock asked low, the mattress dipping as John slid next to him. One hand reached out to find a hip, fingers spreading out over a warm expanse of skin.
His eyes closed then, the breath out as the rest of his body relaxed into the mattress, together, their combined warmth both familiar and comforting. They usually took turns, who lay flat and which of them tucked over a shoulder or under a chin, limbs fussing slightly in their quest for comfortable lie positions, for real estate. This time, it was John who rolled toward Sherlock, aware of the presence of the unusual weight, the density of the bedlinen, his arm stealing across Sherlock's ribs, his knee tucked just barely over Sherlock's thigh. Idly, he let his thumb brush over a few straggly hairs, at the swell of his pectoral muscle, faintly over the nipple, in comfort, in possession as well as in belonging.
Sam shrugged, then his eyes opened wide as he thought of something. "She's not here to -- I don't want to -- you're not --?"
John was still smiling about it when he arrived at work to change into scrubs.
It was a couple of weeks later when John arrived home after a long and tedious shift at the hospital to find the flat empty.
"You could cut it off, monitor my progress, I'm sure it would be f--"
Age fourteen, school orchestra, he recalls being first chair, of the snippiness of the musician in second chair. As concertmaster for a performance, the orchestra seated, awaiting him. Even years later, the recall is exquisite. He recalls that he has tuned his own instrument, perfect pitch, to a digital tuner, unnecessary. He enters, faces the orchestra. All seats are full except one - his. He pulls the bow across the strings, a perfect, pure A string humms and whirrs and holds it out with near perfect vibrato and clarity. The room resonates and echoes and becomes rich with other instruments adding to his A, to the fullness. And with orchestral beauty, a moment, and the chord explodes. It all started with his note, his instrument, his tuning. The rosin scent clings to him, his clothes, his skin, his fingers.
They share more than the flat - now the bedroom, the same bed, the same pillow occasionally. It feels like forever to John; in reality it has only been a few weeks. The longing that had preceded it, well, had been brewing a very long time. Brewing like the tea they share - a carefully timed blend of all the right things. Dependable. And though he probably will not speak the word, the romantic in him knows it is just the right amount of sweet. It feels settled, as if all the years and the histories and the hurts are resolving, the emptiness and uncertainty part of the past.
"Sherlock, stop it. You'll feel better once you've slept this off, emerged from this ... crash or whatever explains your malaise." A car had arrived, and Mycroft prompted Sherlock inside before joining him. "I dare say you should endeavor to engage in other hobbies that don't get you in trouble."
But it felt terrible, as if Mycroft was personally responsible. Closing his eyes, he could recall the childhood moments, holidays, meals, memories, the house in which they'd grown up. The connection they'd had over music, he on a French horn, Sherlock on his violin, the duets with mummy accompanying them at the pianoforte.
Sherlock is nowhere in sight. The creak of the house, the sound of the wind outside, the unfamiliarity remind John that he isn't in London. That they aren't in London.
"You want to walk down with us?"
"Miss London too much, eventually?" John suggests after a moment, gently. "We'll keep both for a while then. All right?"
"Rosie."
"Oh yeah," John breathed, his voice almost a whisper. "Two kids and two rabbits all accounted for. Three of the four were sleeping."
"You're slipping."
John doesn't expect that getting Sherlock in and out of the shower is going to be smooth; neither does he expect Sherlock to cooperate much.
but moments later the other wrist with name bracelet slid out.
Time for the disclosure. "So you need to know that it tends to run in families. Perhaps a little more common in females, but there is a definite link with familial heredity." Had John not been watching for it, he may have missed the slight pupil flare, the faint hitch in the other man's breathing. "I recommend that you discuss screening with your primary physician at your earliest convenience."
