"Fuck time!" Sherlock says harshly.  "I cannot live with myself knowing it could happen again.  I have made enemies, John.  It may be too late to keep you and our daughter safe.  And even then, I am having an awful lot of difficulty, right now, not to call Lestrade.  What does that say about me?"
John smiles up at him and pushes back on his shoulder until Sherlock gets the hint and lies back down, not without rolling his eyes and huffing, of course.  John shushes him and grabs his right hand, guiding the long, agile fingers along the little swell under his navel.  Sherlock's stomach muscles contract and relax, but the swell remains there. Definitely there.
Sherlock shakes his head, taking a hiccupping breath that could very well be a sob.  He presses his free hand against his mouth, to keep it inside.
A few minutes pass during which John keeps rubbing Sherlock's back steadily, while cradling the swell of his stomach with his other hand.  It's a wonder, how close he is to his daughter, who must be feeling the soft pressure under Sherlock's skin.
Sherlock groans in frustration, and John cannot help himself, he has to kiss the frustration away from his beautiful face.  Sherlock opens to him immediately, and when John pulls back, he blinks slowly at him.
The first hour goes well.  Marcie gives an expose about the nature of pain and the unique way it is perceived by each individual (clever, as way of defusing the tendency to feel guilt a lot of patients have when it comes to enduring pain.  Sherlock could be the poster child for this phenomenon).  Then, she goes over the multiple methods used to manage pain during childbirth, from the good old breathing exercises to the most recent laughing gas administration.  John and Sherlock have already discussed this with Amy.  Sherlock is still undecided regarding the specifics of labour and delivery.  They've been offered a lot of options, from a birth under water to the service of a psychologist practicing hypnosis.  Sherlock has only said he needed time to think it through because he still has trouble imagining himself giving birth.  John tries to respect it, even though he suspects the problem is not about the still unreality of the birth but the panicking fear it provokes.
The blood draw seems to last forever.  The nurse has trouble finding a good vein.  At some point, Sherlock hisses and snaps.
Without thinking, John parts the plump cheeks with one hand and slides a finger down Sherlock’s arse crack.  It's not only wet there but dripping, enough for John's finger to be coated in a liquid a little thicker than water, and so warm.  He knows what he's looking for now, so he let his finger brush over Sherlock's arsehole, feeling the small fluttering muscles trembling and tender, the source of the wetness that escapes it with each spasm that goes through it.
John's balls actually clench at Sherlock's declaration, such dirty words coming from his lovely mouth.  And Sherlock, the smug bastard, knows exactly what he's doing, if his I'm-so-clever smirk is any indication.
He doesn't waste any time, jogging to the front door that's fallen on the side, using the light of his mobile to avoid doing something stupid like breaking a leg because he can't see where he is going.
“I am fine.  Moriarty was killed in the explosion.  Lestrade texted me an hour ago to confirm it.  I suggest you try to slow down your breathing.  Your heartbeat is picking up.”
John, there is no need to make precise plans.  We might both hate it in the end, or wish to stay longer. So I suggest we wait and see."
Sherlock sits abruptly and runs his fingers through his hair.  It is not his commanding tone, though, that has John up and dressing himself.  It's the look of pure terror he can read on his face.  Nevertheless...
Sherlock does not seem to have the slightest idea of its content, he stares at his brother suspiciously while he opens the letter.
John's throat is closing.  He doesn't waste time, just grabs Sherlock despite his silent protest, takes him in his arms like he weighs nothing and installs him on his lap, keeping his hold firm. Sherlock tries to get away.  his long legs kick at nothing, he arches his back, yells John's name in between sobs, but then, as suddenly as it's started, he stops fighting.  He manages to pull his knees up, legs folding close to his body, and lets his head rest at his favourite spot, in the crook of John's neck. He's hot and trembling and sweating, his quickly falling tears dampening John's skin, then his shirt.
John kneels in front of Sherlock.  "It is not the baby I worry about, Sherlock.  I know it is safe with you.  But whatever it needs, it's going to take it from you.  Your baby is your body's priority.  And your body doesn't care if you lack the essentials, as long as the baby gets what it needs."
"Oh you're already close," he murmurs.  "So close, just from me kissing you, getting you undressed.  Fuck, it's driving me crazy, Sherlock."
"And that was the correct answer, Mr. Holmes."  John smiles.  Another kick, softer this time, presses against his palm.
"It's okay, lovely, these men are here to speak with me," Beeks says.  For the first time, nervousness appears in his eyes, and his tone changes from resignation to uneasiness. Which is understandable.  He does not want his eldest daughter to be drawn into the drama that is surely about to take place. "This is my daughter Angie," he says reluctantly, as Sherlock has stopped moving.  "From a first marriage."
John sees the worry tensing Louisa Holmes's features, and figures that anyway, the surprise announcement is ruined.  So he smiles.  "No.  Morning sickness has been hitting him hard, is all."
Silence draws on them when Sherlock and John step in.  Anderson keeps gaping at Sherlock, with all the subtlety he's capable of -which is none.
Has he figured out something in the last two minutes John hasn't?  Well, asking the question is answering it, really.  John just cannot figure out how Angela would be implicated in the case.
John rolls his.  "If you are going to lie, at least try to sound convincing.  I did appreciate the fact that you pretended not to know, but I am not an idiot."
"I know!  Good god, what a strange predicament being pregnant is," Sherlock pouts, but lies back into John's embrace, his head on his shoulders.  They are both in a semi-sitting position now.  Sherlock's body is pleasantly warm against John's.
There is still a hint of hesitance in his expression.  John waits patiently.  Sure enough, Sherlock stares back for a long second before sighing in exasperation.
Sherlock drops his shoes on the floor while John shifts slowly, careful not to put any kind of strain on his leg.  He watches in fascination as Sherlock settles his long, lean body on the side, using a few inches of mattress.  His head goes back on John's chest, where it belongs, and his arm around his waist.  John wraps an arm around his shoulder and over his back and lets the other one rest over Sherlock's on his stomach.
Going from needing John’s voice and touch to the opposite so abruptly would be surprising, if Sherlock wasn’t who he is.  Nevertheless, it still is alarming.  Things are moving.  Fast.
"Rehab wasn't your typical rehab," Sherlock mutters, his voice reduced to a faint murmur.  "It was Mycroft's rehab.  I wasn't a willing participant, as you might have guessed, but it did save my life, though.  I owe him my life.  Come to think of it, I never thanked him."
“So, you want me to push him into admitting his feelings, and then I’ll share mine, and we’ll live happily ever after?”
"Well," John snorts, "getting used to it or not, you need new clothes; it's going to get bigger, you know."
How amazing it is to love someone who never stops surprising you?  When Adrian Holmes asks John if he would be willing to help bring logs inside, he accepts with a tad of regret, not being able to witness the mother-and-son interaction.
"Now, here comes the less pleasant part," Amy says, and she's careful not to look at Sherlock, probably aware he won't react well to what she's about to say.  "There is a standard procedure whenever there is a hint that labour could start prematurely, and I want you to follow it, even though I cannot be certain that is what we are dealing with.  You will surely understand that when it comes to something as serious, it's always better to be on the safe side."
"It was a gesture of love: the doll, the clothes, the rocking chair...  but something a child, or well," Sherlock makes a vague hand gesture," you know, would have done. When I saw Angela, I immediately though of the writing on the wall -which was the most puzzling element, nevertheless.  I could picture her surprising her father as he carried the body to his car, and insisting on going with him.  Alexandra Jez had apparently a lot of affection for Angie, and Angie called her "mommy Alex."  There were drawings hung on the wall of her room, and Alexandra was always there, holding Angela's hand. "
John resettles so that he can slide a hand between their stomachs and take a hold of Sherlock's prick.  It twitches violently in his grip, precome sliding down John's hand.
John begins standing up but stops when he sees Sherlock take a step back.  He sits back slowly, trying to figure out what is going on in that hyperactive mind.
A special thanks to those who took the time to leave a comment on the last chapter.  I usually reply to each one individually because they mean a lot to me.  This week, though, I just couldn't find the time.
So John does.  And as he takes Sherlock’s hand, a deep, deep calm falls over him.  His mind is clear, silent.
"The pain you feel, it's because you haven't ejaculated in a while," John explains.  "That is the only reason I was asking.  Normally, it is not a problem, but with the swelling already present and the pressure of the baby on your internal organs, it's another matter entirely."
It is a new thing, and it is happening more and more often, moments where Sherlock is overwhelmed by mood swings, and it is clear he hates it.  Seeing him trying to cope is akin to watch an equilibrist on a rope caught in a sudden gush of wind.  As hard as he tries, Sherlock has little control over the hormonal outbursts and emotive peaks he experiences. That lack of control scares him, and being scared angers him, and then he explodes anyway, over a lost pen, or a missing clothing item, or...
"Oh.  She's moved again," Sherlock whispers, surprised.  "It's the fourth time in the past ten minutes."
They were both in need of one, after the case -John doesn't think Sherlock has cleaned himself in the past three days, too busy thinking and deducing; too dedicated, as always, to his work.  And after all the crying and the drama, it seems that the cleaning they need isn't only physical, but mental as well.
Lestrade is writing frenetically on his notepad.  John just observes.  Sherlock crouches, with some difficulty, and examines the lower body closely, taking out another magnifier, tearing a small piece of fabric from what has once been trousers and crinkling it between his gloved fingers.  Then, he suddenly stops moving.  After a minute, Lestrade walks up to John.
“I know there is a lot of fluid, John,” Sherlock pants, “but if you can add lubricant it wouldn’t hurt... I’ve got to push now.  Are you ready?
"What a waste of money, those things aren't cheap, and besides, I'll be damned if we get more than a a dozen days during the summer where using air conditioning is actually useful,”
No, apparently, in Sherlock's mind, the whole London population is out to get him, as if there is an ongoing plot to spy on his pregnant belly and make him feel as uneasy and exposed as possible.  Nothing John says gets him to change his mind, and it becomes clear the best solution, for the moment, is to avoid taking Sherlock out in public until further notice.  It should be easy: most of the time, Sherlock doesn't go out unless he's on a case, or if John forces his hand.  But that would be too easy, wouldn’t it?  Because it appears that Sherlock cannot stay put for more than half a day before going for a walk or accompanying John to Tesco.  It’s as if he needs an outlet for his own frustration and has decided to cope by taking it out on everyone else.
"Of course they are. But there is a distance between us that has always prevented that profound bound between a parent and their child I read so much about.  We're different.  And please don't take it the wrong way, I am not being pretentious. They are not idiots, they are just... normal, although my mother is very clever, she had a successful mathematician career before she decided to get married.”
They are not supposed to be the ones running after suspects anymore.  Sherlock had agreed to stay away from everything physically demanding or dangerous, and leave it to the Yard.  Lestrade is more and more suspicious of something going on but, even now as he is twenty-two weeks pregnant, Sherlock still refuses to speak of his predicament, mostly because he fears Lestrade won't ask for his help anymore afterward.
Sherlock opens his mouth to speak.  Then closes it.  Twice.  He blinks at John, his nervous blinking.
"Because I am known for my sense of humour," Sherlock mumbles behind his fingers, peaking at John with one eye.  "It makes sense.  I am pregnant.  It can only have happened five weeks ago, when we had make up sex, remember?  That was the last time you ejaculated in me."
The first series of pushes doesn’t move the head.  Sherlock seems unaffected by it.  He asks John to help him widen his stance a bit more, and to push down on his belly during the next contraction.  It is a good idea.  John is actually a bit ashamed not to have thought of it.  He warns Sherlock, though.
"I can’t be certain you were actually in early labour, or if you just experienced Braxton-hicks contractions, but the important thing is everything seems to be back to normal."
Then John's carefully crafted plan comes into action.  He begins by going through Sherlock's emails with him to be sure they haven't dismissed an interesting case by mistake (
She stretches a short, chubby hand toward Sherlock's belly.  To John's absolute surprise, he does not move.  If there is one thing Sherlock hates since his pregnancy has started showing is random people asking if they can touch his stomach (most of them being older women for some mysterious reason.)  He has trouble standing being touched by people normally, but now pregnant, his uneasiness has tripled.  He's insulted at least four different women, lecturing them about not going around asking randomly to touch strangers.  One cried, and John had to console her.
It hurts.  John knows Sherlock is upset enough to let the monster out, to be that mean, intolerable jerk staring at everyone like he's a damn god.  The monster who actually enjoys being called a freak, who laughs when he makes someone cry.  Of course, John knows.  He knows too well why Sherlock built this façade in the first place, how many times he was hurt, before deciding to be the one hurting others, flipping the table, becoming unattainable, a man made of ice with all hell's fires burning him inside.
I am so sorry for the delay.  I've never taken so long to write a story.  I write when I can, and if real life still gives me hell, I am determined to finish this story as it was planned.  Thank you all for your patience.  I never left a story unfinished and I promise this time it won't be different.  It is just more difficult to post on a regular basis.  A gigantic shout-out to my beta reader JJ, she's a saint, I swear, and I would be lost without her.
John is aware that Mycroft is getting ready to leave.  He is also aware he's going to sleep, there is no way around it.  Exhaustion wins.  He articulates a slurred "Thank you" for the older Holmes and doesn't catch the answer, or maybe there isn't anything to catch.
Sherlock can't answer, though.  He most probably hasn't heard, too busy chasing his orgasm, pressing his cock against John's so hard it's bordering painful, his series of "oh’s" growing louder, harsher.
Sherlock sniffs for dramatic effect and stands up slowly, with John's help.  "I apologise for the sentimental display."
John doesn't know why Sherlock is getting disturbed by the conversation, and to be honest, his refusal to understand how earning money works for most people is starting to get on John's nerves.
"Whatever it was, I did not care about such meaningless statements about life still going on, and never understood why an oak tree would remind me of my dead dog."
...Sherlock is there.  Pale, except for two red spots high on his cheeks, his hair a mess of bouncing curls low on his forehead.  His pale blue shirt is covered in nasty brown stains -John's blood.  He hates himself for it, for Sherlock needing to calm him down like he's a whiny child.  Sherlock has enough on his plate. John should be able to remain stoic, and, as usual, find a funny way to break the I-almost-just-died tension.  Because that's his thing, that is what he does.
There is the clumsy way he clips his toenails with them flying everywhere, while tangled in his too long limbs, bending on himself as far as he will go and cursing, looking as clumsy as a baby giraffe.  And then, how intolerant he is to heat, to a point where he suffers long migraines if it keeps up for too long; and how much of an appetite he has when he is really hungry, speaking with his mouth full.
When silence stretches for more than a second, John risks taking a look at Sherlock between his fingers.  Sherlock's smug look is being replaced, slowly but surely, by embarrassment and shyness.
It's only when he presents the underside of both arms that John realises what he is supposed to look at.  He turns his head with determination.
John is sitting on the side of the bed, caressing Sage’s small head, when the far away noise of the approaching helicopter reaches them.  He looks at Sherlock, who rolls his eyes.  “Well, better late than never, I suppose,” he says, his voice still weak and raw from all the yelling.
When the film is over, it is of course time to practice, and they are specifically asked to treat the doll as a real baby.
They should be at the crossroad soon.  The road to the part of the Chalk Hills where their cottage is located is a single track one, covered in gravel instead of asphalt because it only serves a few people.  It shifts to a double asphalt road down the hill, with three possible directions, the principal being Storrington.  The road to Storrington follows a small river offering a lovely view during the summer.  Like right now.  It should be lovely right now.
Afterward, he's in the lobby, taking off his wet coat and boots (it might not be raining anymore but the humidity outside clings to the skin) when he sees Sherlock exiting quickly from the kitchen, sporting the now too-familiar pose.  One of his arms is wrapped around his waist, his free hand is covering his mouth, and his face is dripping with sweat.
That morning, though, the bath doesn't do shit.  Sherlock, apathetic and silent, spends hours on the couch, barely moving, his feet propped up on a cushion to improve his circulation and help with the swelling.  They do not have air conditioning, but a few fans.  John installs them all around Sherlock and makes sure the facecloth he’s put on his forehead, with the vague hope it can reduce the intensity of the headache, is changed regularly to remain cold.
“I... can’t...” Sherlock whispers, before finally, he swallows a huge gulp of air.  The contraction is receding.  Sherlock stretches an arm toward John, and John takes his hand immediately, pressing it softly.
"We never finished our conversation in the church, and there is something I would very much like to say."
But what if?  What if Mycroft speaks the truth?  Hope swells in John’s chest, and he would very much like to bathe in it, but panic mixes with it, probably triggered by Mycroft’s sinister way of announcing the new.
It’s hard to break the kiss, but John does it anyway.  He has to keep in mind that Sherlock has never had anyone.  He doesn’t want to overwhelm him.
Sherlock laughs at that.  His mobile buzzes once more, and John sees in his eyes how eager he is to get back to it.
"Sherlock," Mycroft blinks and shakes his head.  He smiles, all professional and business suddenly.  "You might want to offer me a chair, if it isn't too much to ask."
“You are such a sycophantic sucker,” Sherlock spits, but his tone is almost affectionate.  “John,” he warns.  “It’s starting.”
Mycroft answers with one of his pinched smiles, tilting his head to the left.  His eyes are searching John with an intensity that is usually more of the Sherlock variety.  He’s upset, John realizes.  He can feel the nervousness hidden behind the posh, disdainful facade.  Another Holmes boys character trait.
Sherlock shrugs.  “Sentiment?” he suggests, then rearranges himself to stretch his legs on the coffee table.  “I have always reacted the same way when people I met for cases said something similar, like they knew X didn’t do it, they did not have any proof, it was just a
It hadn't been hard to get information from the owner of the botanic shop.  For the first time, they have been able to put a name to the human remains found near Bowes Park.  Her name was Camila Jones, and she had been working at the shop for three years.  She had a light Spanish accent and was very shy, even with the clients.  The owner, a woman with flamboyant white hair and glasses artfully perched on the tip of her nose, says she kept her because she was doing wonders in the green house.  Laurie Afton had lost some of her composure when Sherlock had pointed out the fact that she was paying her under the counter, so it really was a win-win situation, wasn't it?
"Ok, alright," he coaxes, feeling his own orgasm pooling low in his belly, tugging at his hardened bollocks.  "Tell me, you're going to come for me, yeah?"
“Ok, alright, come on I got you,” John tells him, careful to use a calm, quiet voice, which he learned on the battlefield.  The calmer you are, the more likely your patient will calm down.  It’s a simple mimic technique.
Sherlock looks up, disdain quirking his lips down.  "You always have the most stupidly romantic answers."
"I know you did not kill her," Sherlock says calmly, still staring at the photographs.  "My companion," he points at John, "has a very imaginative mind, and it would be selfish of me to keep him from the interest of a tragic love story.  So please, proceed.  From the beginning."
John giggles into his stomach, can't help it, and Sherlock squirms.  He's ticklish.  Very.  John has more than once reduced him to a giggling mess, tears in his eyes, his face red, while he still tried to look annoyed.
In the cab, Sherlock doesn't answer, but looks at his phone where he has the recording of the ultrasound downloaded. John inclines his head, his hair brushing against Sherlock's curls, to have a better look.
Sherlock wraps his blue gown around himself and walks straight past John, into the kitchen, where he begins to collect the several small strands of the creamy-coloured wool torn from John's jumper.  He shoves them in John's hands and crosses his arms.
“No, no, no, I can’t, put me down, another contraction is starting,” Sherlock finally shouts, angry and exhausted.
“Well, it is yet another reason for you to help me : you wouldn’t want me to throw away some precious results or your thousand page long hypothesis about the identity of Jack the Ripper.”
John nods, stretching a hand to grab Sherlock's.  "I know.  I know, I am sorry.  I'm not good at... you know... depending on others."
"The damage at the femoral artery was minimal.  I'm confident you won't suffer from any permanent damage. I'll let my assistant finish stitching the superficial layers of skin.  Alright?  I'll see you tomorrow."
"John!  Make it three tests, same brand, preferably with a matching expiration date. No test should be considered accurate without at least three valid results."
"I doubt you will feel anything," Sherlock says with haste, as if it is his fault.  "It was very light, which is no surprise given that at this stage, a foetus is a little heavier than one pound but at least as tall as..."
John tries to sit up but the world is spinning, and he can't seem to catch his breath.  He feels, with trembling hands, the wetness of his left leg, howling in pain when he inadvertently slides two fingers in the hole made in the clothing of his jeans, and the open wound right under.  He can
"I'm bleeding," he croaks.  "John I'm... I'm bleeding," he repeats, turning his hand toward himself, as if he needs to verify it once more.
"No!  Let me finish, it's important.  I have been thinking, and all the facts, all the data point toward an abortion.  The only exception is unreliable.  It is a feeling, an idiotic concept -but nevertheless, it is always where I end up when I think, no matter which path I take.  I can do something good, for once. Don't bring up the Work because we both know I do it for myself, for the satisfaction it brings me.  But this...it is good, and it feels incredible, to know that I am carrying something that is growing into a potential human being.  I love you, John, to an extent that scares me sometimes.  I think about what would happen to me if I were to lose you and then I can't breathe.  So, having...created something with you, a child that exists because of the love I feel, it seems like a miracle, something so precious -exceptional, even. No matter how hard I try, I cannot see the facts anymore, and I feel empowered, privileged. My body did something that will never stop amazing me.  Getting an abortion would be the selfish choice, and that is the only kind of choice I have ever made.  So, you understand now how confusing it is."
And it is lovely, but John doesn't want Sherlock to tire himself too much.  It's another ten minutes before he gently but surely leads the way back to the house.  Sherlock doesn't seem to mind, or doesn't realise, caught up in his own mind -well, at least it's what's John thinks until Sherlock stops him near the tall oak three at the end of the backyard.  He crouches and uncovers from under the fallen leaves a small rock mosaic.  John understand immediately what it is.
"Well, alright.  As for... caring for a child, everybody has kids... I mean, you don't need a permit, or a... freaking recommendation letter to conceive.  The world is full of idiots raising kids, so why not us?"
He closes the door, and immediately, John feels calmer. The room is huge for a public hospital one, equipped with a couch and a small kitchenette.  Mycroft's doing, evidently.  It still seems like a room used for long term stay, and John hopes no one is mistaken, because he plans to be out as soon as he can move without reopening his wound.
They eat in front of the telly, and Sherlock goes through his chicken cakes and noodle salad in a record time, then finishes John's green curry.  He seems to realize how much he's eaten just as he puts his empty bowl on top of the small pile in front of him.  John tries to repress a smile at his annoyed look, but fail miserably.  Sherlock's cheeks are crimson.
Sherlock's breath hitches as John lift his hips to meet his.  Their dicks are pressed together, through too many layers, but it's still  so good -it's heaven, humping each other like that.  Anyway, John doesn't think he
Sherlock closes his eyes, slowly.  Damn it, if this is their last minute together John needs to speak now.
"Nevertheless, he is right about several legal points regarding our situation as a future family.  I just never stopped to think about it until now."
"I know that, which is why I have no choice.  I need to be the one making the decision to stop, because you won't let me do it on my own, and I cannot stand the thought of losing you."
“And I am a doctor.  If it comes to that- and trust me, Sherlock, Mycroft will use all of his resources to get us out of here -but if even the British government himself  can’t  get you to a hospital in time, I swear on my mother’s grave I will take care of you and deliver our baby safely.  I am an army surgeon.  You are in good hands.  Alright?”
“I believe, considering that Tesco is located down the street, at approximately six hundred meters, that two hours fifty-four minutes is a little exaggerated to go buy some milk.”
“You should go to bed,” he whispers, walking over to the back of the seat to massage Sherlock’sshoulders.
"Yes.  Yes, I'm fine, it's all fine.  I just..." John drops Sherlock's t-shirt and smiles as convincingly as he can.  "I'm being an idiot," he adds.
Even after their fight, John can't believe Sherlock is actually responsible for the cleaning up, even though he knows Mrs Hudson -who has a tendency to come and clean up once in a while, even though, of course, she is "not their housekeeper"- would never be able to wash the floor on all fours, not with her hip.
"Whatever you might think right now, it is not your fault," John goes on, because with time, he's getting almost half as good at reading Sherlock as Sherlock is at reading him.
"What the sonogram triggered in me, the incredible emotional response I am certain you felt too, quickly turned to fear.  I was already... troubled by the feeling of not being myself.  Deeply troubled.  Then, seeing and hearing the embryo, so very much alive, inside me, it seemed that I had no control over anything anymore.  Because it doesn't need me, or my permission, to keep growing and to develop into a foetus that will become a baby.  It kept resonating inside my head, that part of me doesn't belong to me, and it is my responsibility to be the host, to welcome that alien part.  I had tried not getting attached before the beginning of the second trimester, if only for fear of suffering, psychologically, if a miscarriage were to happen.  That sonogram made me realise I had failed."
Sherlock's fingers wrap themselves around John's and their hold tightens until his nails are digging in the skin.  The other hand grabs the paper sheet with a loud ruffling noise, crumpling it in his fist.
"Now you both shut up," Green states, and it's John's turn to roll his eyes.  He can guess, in the woman's tone, how sure she is of herself, and her upper hand in the fight.  He's sorry, in a way, because she has no idea who she's facing.  Psychopaths can't accept - can't even consider, as a matter of fact - that there are indeed some people wiser than them.  It's against their often megalomaniac nature.
Sherlock blinks very, very slowly.  His eyes widen when he sees him, then crinkles form at the corner, the telling of a smile hiding under the mask.  He waves too, slowly, his hand looking as heavy as lead when it falls back on the mattress. John caresses his leg, letting his hand rest there, just a touch, to connect.  The respiratory therapist acknowledges him  while he shakes the nebuliser, gathering the last drops of medication on the bottom.  A white cloud of vapour forms around the mask.  Sherlock coughs weakly.
“Oh fuck,” Sherlock is panting, grabbing Mycroft’s hand.  “I have time for another one,” he announces.
The distance between his fingers has changed from last time, he can tell that much, and when he pulls them back and check with the rule, he finds Sherlock is nine centimetres dilated.
"Right now, just the feeling of something tickling the back of my throat, and a light pressure in my sinuses."
"So you mean... you are not actually putting an end to our relationship?" Sherlock risks, hope softening his tensed features.
He cannot help himself.  Still on his side, he raises himself on one elbow and begins sliding his leg over Sherlock's, aiming for a heated kiss.
Sherlock sighs deeply.  He’s shaking.  Overwhelmed.  It reminds John how important it is to take things slow.  For Sherlock, who always needs to be in control - of himself as well as of people around him - it must be an alien sensation, letting go.  He hasn’t yet.  Not completely.
"No I am not.  I guess, with the brain you have and all the knowledge you've stored into it, the normal fears everyone else in your state experiences are multiplied by a hundred, because you do know about every single problem that could happen -you've made it worse by becoming an expert.  You cannot ignore the gigantic amount of facts you've fed your brain, and it only serves to feed your fears at this point.  Sherlock, you said yourself your brain needs to be held firmly if you do not want thoughts to overwhelm you, and this situation... It is provoking so many feelings and sensations you've never faced before, isn't it normal, in the end, how badly you struggle with it?"
There is no brooding, no sulking session on the couch, no manic episodes.  John just goes with it.  He would know, if Sherlock was trying too hard for a serene state of mind he did not really feel.  Besides, what happens to him isn't unexplained.  It is a well-known old wives’ tale, how pregnant people’s habits change toward the end of the pregnancy, how reluctant they sometimes are to leave the house, how much time they spend preparing the nursery, and cleaning the house.  Nesting, it is called.  And it appears Sherlock isn’t immune to it.
Sherlock shrugs.  "Well, it will be forgotten as soon as another story becomes more interesting.  Besides, what would you do?  Take care of that moron of a photographer and a couple of idiots calling themselves journalists?  Making "a few calls" to be sure they'll never work again?  It isn't worth it, brother mine."
Now that my kid is home and feeling fine, I will be able to give the chapter another revision before sending it to my beta reader tonight.  I promise that as soon as it is beta'd I will post it.
For a second, the older Holmes sheds his impassive mask, the hurt in his eyes telling stories John can only imagine.  John's anger leaves him as quickly as it came.  He has learned not to judge Mycroft lately, especially after Sherlock's disappearance. He might even feel some affection toward the man.  The thing is, Mycroft does not let people love him easily.  Whereas Sherlock, underneath his armour, had revealed a man starving for touch and affection, John isn't certain Mycroft can ever take off his own armour.  Not as completely.
"Besides, I am the one who should apologise," Sherlock admits, breaking their silent embrace.  "I haven't been on my best behaviour today.”
Without answering, John gets Sherlock to follow him to the car, opens the door and helps him sit.  “What is the worst that could happen, Sherlock?”
After lunch - of which Sherlock barely eats a couple of bites, complaining everything tastes like cardboard - he seems to be as much irritated with himself as John is, and decides to play the violin for Sage.  He's been doing it a lot, lately, going through his whole repertoire, plus a couple of original pieces.  Of course, the reasons behind it are highly scientific, Sherlock had shown John copies of several studies proving the benefits of classical music being listened through the womb.  John knows, though, that Sherlock deeply enjoys it.  It shows in the way he plays, so delicately, even the staccato pieces; adjusting the volume of his instrument.
They make love that night.  John takes his time taking Sherlock apart, attentive but determined, making him come twice by speaking to him the whole time, murmuring praise after praise, all of them deeply felt to make Sherlock understand how beautiful he is, to make him believe it. He could put on forty pounds and be just as desirable, his body telling the tale of the acceptance of his newfound humanity, his love for John and their baby.
As it turns out, Sherlock hasn’t actually run away.  He’s back less than ten minutes later, wearing a smug expression on his face.
Little imperfections, each being silently cherished by John and reminding him that it is, after all, a man like him he's in love with.  He does not want to ever forget how important this is, because that man needs to be loved, not admired, not antagonized, but loved for who he is.  Scared, lonely, certain he'll always be rejected.  That man, Sherlock, is John's lover who had once shed tears after intercourse because it had been just too much…and, right now, he is the tired silhouette fighting off a cold and trying to appear as invincible as ever, as arrogant, even when is nose is red and dripping.
It changes once he's seated on the stretcher and the young male paramedic tries to wrap a blood pressure cuff around his arm.  Sherlock snaps, retrieving his arm violently.
Sherlock stares at him for two long seconds before nodding silently, as if he's just decided something.
Sherlock has another hip snap that ends in a shiver, and he turns on his side, curling in on himself, his eyes closed and lips trembling.
"Indeed," John murmurs, sliding his hands under Sherlock's rumpled t-shirt, running them against his smooth skin.  He does it, not only because he likes it, but also because he can feel Sherlock's ribs on a regular basis and evaluate any fluctuation in his weight.  With someone as thin as Sherlock, it doesn't take many pounds, lost or gained, to feel the difference in that area of the body.  Given how sensitive the subject of Sherlock's eating habits always is, better to leave him alone for the moment -or so he thinks.
As soon as Sherlock starts pushing, John presses on the lower part of his belly, down the lump that is undoubtedly his little girl’s bum and legs.  Sherlock stops to take a quick but deep, shuddering breath, then pushes again, this time unable to tone down his loud cry of pain, as tears leak from his shut eyes.
“On my back, on my back!” Sherlock instructs, and somehow they make it work.  Mycroft is sitting with his legs stretched, Sherlock resting against his chest, half sitting, half lying.
Besides playing the violin, Sherlock reads a lot, going over all the baby books they have bought or received, even though he has already read them cover to cover.  This time, he stops to take notes, share thoughts about them with John, ask some questions.  They spend a lovely afternoon eating a box of gingernut biscuits, reading parts of the books, exchanging ideas.  They laugh a lot.
There are some times when desire is too strong and they begin abruptly, incapable of waiting, already hard and needy...
Sherlock's voice is lower than usual, slightly raw.  He's been thinking out loud all day, going at five sentences a minute.  John makes a mental note of offering him tea with honey once they are back home.  Then, he gets even more irritated by the fact that, even when he's pissed at Sherlock, he still worries about him.
Sherlock lifts a disbelieving eyebrow.  "The due date.  For the child.  It was conceived on the twenty-third of September.  The pregnancy is of five weeks and two days."
"You're not selfish, Sherlock," John goes on, more seriously.  "The simple fact that you consider yourself selfish kind of disqualifies you. Selfish people don't know they are. They have a distorted way of thinking that excuses their behaviour."
John isn't surprised anymore when Sherlock starts a conversation in the middle of sex. He's getting good at multitasking. He has to.  Because this is how sex goes with Sherlock, and John wouldn't change a thing.
This is the first long story I have written in two years, since my separation with my kids' father.  I won't go into details about my RL, because it's a well known refrain.  The lovely father turned out not to be so lovely after said separation, and has been harassing me, refusing to take care of the kids or assume any financial responsibility.  Court stuff and legal ruling take time. What takes even more time is trying to heal psychologically with no resources and learn to live in poverty.
“Tell me when it’s over, I’m writing it down,” Mycroft announces.  “It is better to closely monitor the length of everything contraction and their dura-“
John nods.  A common complication of carrier's pregnancies is the width of the pelvis, which often doesn't enlarge enough to allow the baby to pass through the birth canal.  A birth canal sonogram is usually done after the six month mark to evaluate the exact broadness of the passage.  It is then compared to an evaluation of the baby's weight.  That is how, when there is even the shadow of a doubt, a scheduled c-section is planned.  More than fifty percent of all carriers’ deliveries are done by c-section.  Sherlock is one of the lucky ones whose birth canal doesn't pose a problem for a natural birth, but Amy Brown had still given them a choice.  It hadn't been a tough decision.  Sherlock had gone into a monologue citing studies and statistics proving a natural birth was preferable and held less risks.  No need to speak of it any further, he had added, but John had seen how pale his face had turned.
"We had a stupid fight, that's all there is to it.  I met people at the pub, ended up at Sarah's place -nothing happened between us, but you must have already deduced that by now-"
John can’t help but smile at that.  “Because I wanted to do it ever since I saw you for the first time.”
As if on cue, Mycroft materialises in the living room.  He crouches near John and observes Sherlock for a few seconds, his expression raw and open.  He seems close to tears.
John explains.  Mycroft interrupts and tells the rest of the story.  "You prefer to be discreet about it, but you would like me to use my resources and help you get my brother back.  But, John, we both know Sherlock, twenty-four hours is hardly a reason to worry."
"I'm in Glasgow.  I was coming, when he texted me that you had pulled through.  I had found a plane ticket and aunt Doris was kind enough to pay for it."
John sleeps for seven hours.  As soon as he realises it, he first panics (how could he sleep peacefully when Sherlock is god knows where), then remembers Mycroft and checks his phone frantically.  He has three texts informing him that so far, there is little progress.
"Your orgasm is impending, I can feel you swell further," Sherlock announces, like John doesn't know, as his balls are drawing up closer to his dick and it hardens to a point it becomes painful.
"I mean," John goes on, feeling like he's on a roll, "With all the research you've done in the past days, you’re probably already more of an expert than me on having kids.  Your child won't hate you, ever.  He'll admire you -he will tell his buddies at school that his dad is Sherlock Holmes, the badass detective.  You cannot think otherwise because that's how it will be.  And then so what if I do most of the caretaking, or if you forget stuff, or are running through London after a murderer while our child is cutting a tooth. My taking care of you, Sherlock, should in no way make you feel diminished, or... or an eternal child that surely used to be a holy terror, by the way.  I... take care of you because you are extraordinary, and with the brain you have, it's easy to forget basic things... dull, boring things.  Like eating," John adds, smiling to himself.
Then, a short giggles escapes Sherlock's throat.  He swallows it back, but it is clear he's quickly losing the battle with his transport.  A second later, he's laughing as well, holding on to John, one hand wrapped around his stomach. They share a hysterical giggle fit for about ten seconds, before Sherlock's eyes widen and he tenses, his already red face turning crimson.
Sherlock takes his mobile and has his fingers quickly swiping the screen.  "A baby monitor, a mobile - or a musical box, it is our choice, but all the studies
He is dreaming, clearly plagued by a nightmare.  He hiccups a long sigh ending on a moan.  A tear escapes his right eye, sliding down his cheek to follow the already wet path made by others.  John hates to know he is responsible for it, for Sherlock's fear, which he tried to hard to hide when John was brought into his room.  It must have been so difficult for him, if his mind gives way to sadness in its unconscious state, emotions too great to be contained, or dealt with while awake.  He is so bloody sensitive, John thinks, lifting his hand to slide his fingers through Sherlock's hair, untangling the curls softly.
Oh god. It's so fluffy and cliché and ridiculous, and Sherlock is going to call him on it.  John is not good at those things, why does he keep trying?
Sherlock seems surprised by John's answer.  He was evidently preparing for a negative one.  It seems to trigger a wave of self-doubt, which he hardly hides, as both of his hands reach for his stomach, cupping it almost wholly, stretching his fingers.
He's shaking.  John's irritation about the whole money matter is gone as quick as it came.  Stupid, stupid fight.  Why couldn’t he just play along with the credit card game?  They would be laughing and painting the room right now.
John tries to breathe and chokes.  There is no air, his lungs are filled with chlorine tasting water.  He needs to vomit.  He needs to breathe.
"The real thing," Sherlock cuts him off harshly.  "John, what am I, five?  Muscles aren't sentient, they do not 'exercise' consciously.  It is more likely a series of electric signals coming from the brain that-"
"John," he says, lowering his upper body, "John, I'll be right here.  Waiting for you.  You understand?  Don't leave me hanging for too long, you know how I impatient I am - I might snap and punch a nurse. Make it quick."
"Well, you think you should be above all of this, because you are a genius - I  am not making fun of you, please bear with me."
Delicately, John takes Sherlock's face between his hands and lifts it up, forcing him to look back.  Sherlock is chewing on his lower lip.  His chin is trembling.  His eyes are wet but his cheeks dry.  He seems to be fighting very hard to keep whatever control he still has.
“Do not forget we also have nurse Mycroft, isn’t it great?”  John jokes, sliding his fingers through Sherlock’s wet curls.
..."  Sherlock struggles with words and, impatient at himself, presses both hands over his eyes.  "I am such an idiot," he complaints.
Sherlock is aroused and doesn't quite know how to deal with it.  It is funny, how sometimes he's perfectly alright with proposing sex just as one would do with a cup of tea, while other happenstances see him blushing and stuttering as if he's still a virgin.  John has come to understand these moods when they happen.  Because right now, what Sherlock wants is for John to take control, freeing him of any decision making, telling him what to do, so that Sherlock is able, for a little while, to shut his mind down.
It won't happen now, that is for certain.  Isn't it strange that only because the possibility is there, John lets himself imagine what a kid with Sherlock and him as fathers would be like?  He would need to have Sherlock's hair, of course, and his eyes, and... Well, John would be totally happy if that child was in fact a miniature version of Sherlock.  Brilliant mind included.  But maybe, just maybe, they could teach that kid to welcome his feelings and relationships with others, to make his life to be less difficult.
They've been hiding beside the container for close to two hours.  The night is foggy, damp and cold.
Sherlock lifts his head so that he can look at John.  “Do not make fun of me.  It is... a feeling, in my guts.”
"Sherlock." John props himself on one elbow, his chin in the palm of his hand.  "You just literally admitted that the class got you to think about what you wanted."
"Exactly.  Since you came into his life, John, I can see glimpses of my baby, of who he was at a very young age.  Sucking his little thumb, running after Redbeard, fresh out of the bath and completely nude, smiling at me like I was the sun and the moon together.” She sighs. “Well, well.  I am getting sentimental in my old age it appears."
Sherlock’s building enthusiasm falls flat when he realises that before actually doing the mundane painting job, they have to empty the room.
The table is covered in baby items, from nappies to bum cream, just to name a few.  There is also a wide array of information brochures.
"That's the whole point of the exercise," John points out, his voice as low as Sherlock, but in a way it sounds like a shout.  "Which you would have understood if you'd just-"
Sherlock has the decency to look apologetic.  "When we share an intimate moment and I hum... become aroused to a certain level, I have the possibility to let go... As if physical pleasure allows my brain to rest, and everything becomes quiet in there.  It is... quite remarkable, and the effect lasts longer than what you stupidly call the "afterglow", sometimes up to an hour.  In my life, I've known two other things having the same effect : drugs that are depressors of the nervous system, like morphine -and hum... sometimes when I go deep enough into my mind palace, when I am not in the search of long-stored information and am just... visiting."
John knows there is little he can do.  Hours stretch.  He paces.  Mycroft texts once more to say he might be onto something, then goes radio silence.  Night falls upon John's anxiety, increasing it.  He nods on and off, jerking awake as soon as he feels himself going deeper.
Since they’ve been back at the cottage, the time between contractions has gone from six to four minutes.  They are getting longer too –the last couple of ones lasted more than sixty seconds.
John, pretty pleased with himself, is reading a novel, sitting comfortably in his chair, when Sherlock's sudden movement disturbs the quietness of the flat.  He stands up and lift his arms in the air.
Mycroft is leaning back against a tree, rubbing his hands together to generate some heat.  When they speak, their breath comes out in white vapour.
“I only did what I could,” Sherlock cuts him off.  “And now get yourself together, because if you cry, my sympathetic system will have me cry too, and I don’t have enough energy left to fight it.”
John bends down and presses his lips on Sherlock’s; he doesn’t try to move, to open up or use his tongue.  He needs to feel Sherlock’s reaction first.
When the last aftershock subsides, Sherlock is still looking down at John.  His eyes are wet, his expression the closest to ecstasy John has ever seen on anyone.  It feels, for a long, delightful second, like Sherlock is pouring his soul -his feelings, his sentiments - straight from his shocked eyes to John's.  And he won't stop shaking. John tries to ground him. "Ah, there's a good lad...  You were great, Sherlock.  God, it's... Thank you, thank you for giving this to me."
"I love you more," Sherlock retorts, looking at John from the side, still smiling a little.  It's like he's pleading.  Like he's asking for John to understand so he doesn't have to argue with him, but only with himself.  His dilemma.
Sherlock’s offended expression is priceless.  “I’ll have you know what you are referring to as “junk” consists mostly of my chemical materials, criminal archives and finished experiments.”
Sherlock dresses in a swirl of dark fabric, then ties his scarf around his neck. He lifts an eyebrow at John.  "Well?"
John fights the impossible heaviness of his body.  He wants to turn towards the back, he needs to look at them, one last time.  Jones will be blowing chewing gum bubbles and Vicario will be fighting with her helmet's strap, and she will curse like a sailor, which never fails to make John laugh -probably because it contrasts with her delicate, petite frame.
"It is good, it is very good," Sherlock carries on in a contented voice.  "I had calculated the time between each contraction when I had the second one; of course, it wasn't precise, but I've developed a method to evaluate correctly the passing of time, and I found that there was paroxi... Apoxss..."
When Sherlock gets downstairs around eight, bleary-eyed, his hair sticking up in all directions, the Christmas turkey is in the oven, a batch of biscuits is cooling down nearby and the kitchen table is covered in pictures and old albums.  John has heard funny and heartbreaking stories, has seen his fair share of Mycroft and Sherlock thorough their youth and, at some point, has become completely enamoured with Louisa Holmes.
It's close to noon when John suddenly remembers that Mrs Hudson owns one of those portable air conditioners.  If she hasn't gotten rid of it.  She'd complained enough about the "ridiculous gift" his niece offered her for Easter.  "Doesn't she know we old people are constantly cold?  It's something to do with our body not being able to retain heat like it used to.  It's a thing, right, John?"
"It suddenly came to me, John. It's not unusual to find traces of phosphorus in hair or on the skin.  When Molly and I analyzed the samples in search of poison, we neglected it because it isn't a lethal chemical.  But it occurred to me that it was everywhere, in quantities that could be questioned.   Thanks to my grandmother's passion for gardening, I remembered that phosphorus it is one of the main ingredients of most water-soluble plant fertilizer.  Now the gardening store has a small greenhouse within its walls.  Fertilizer is often distributed using some kind of spray system, similar to those you find in grocery stores to keep the vegetables fresh.  If our victim still had phosphorus in her hair more than six months after her death, even though it is quite volatile, she must have been exposed to it on a regular basis. So, not a customer, but a probable employee of Le Pouce Vert.  Tomorrow morning, we are meeting Lestrade at the Yard.  And I know the first place we're going to visit."
None of it would have happened if Sherlock had told someone where he was going, but John had been sick with a stomach bug, and Sherlock, always so impatient, had decided to pursue his investigation alone despite agreeing to wait for John.
"I... will make sure Sherlock knows how I feel about you and... I'm sorry, again, Amy, I don't know what else to say."
Sighing, John lays his hands on Sherlock's hips and presses a kiss between his shoulder blades, resting his forehead there.
A week or so after discovering he does, indeed, look "very pregnant," Sherlock leaves the flat early in the morning, while John is in the shower, without leaving a note. When he isn't back after twenty minutes, which is the time it takes to walk to Tesco and come back, John texts him.
Besides keeping an attentive eye on Sherlock, John also has to supervise the renovations in 221a.  Mycroft had been doing it himself, the first day, making sure everything was delivered, giving strict orders to the workers he hired.  He's apparently an amateur home designer, going to the length of admitting to John he had designed every room of his house and had "taken a ridiculous amount of pleasure doing so."  John nods, biting the inside of his cheeks to hold back a surprised laugh.  That he finds it amusing is, he knows, childish, and unfair.  Mycroft isn't a robot, after all: he can very well have hobbies.  This is what happens when you try so hard not to appear human.  John remembers well the first time he saw Sherlock knitting and how he had been unable to stop laughing for ten minutes in a row, despite Sherlock's offended look and his explanation that it helped him think.
"Sherlock, I'm not going anywhere," John practically screams to cover Sherlock's loud intakes of breath and mumbled nonsense.
"It feels like coming down from a high," Sherlock had admitted once, and John had promised himself he would always help him make the transition as smoothly as possible.  There is still so much he doesn't know about Sherlock's life before they moved in together.  John knows Sherlock has personal demons that still torment him,   everyone does - things he can't talk about, things maybe John will never hear him speak of, but he respects that.  He knows too well how it is, trying to keep your past at bay.
The helicopter is now landing, and they both have to speak louder to hear each other.  Sage wriggles against Sherlock, and John immediately lands a comforting hand on her back. “It’s ok, sweetheart, it’s just a loud noise.”
"Are you trying to give me a panic attack?  I don't want to give birth to a tiny, female Mycroft!"  Sherlock protests loudly.
“I would really like to check you.  We’ll wait until the next contraction and then I will take you to the bedroom.”
Even before they became a couple, Sherlock had had to deal with John's nightmares, those particular ones reminiscent of his days in Afghanistan.  He's learned that an ex-soldier dreaming he's in the middle of cross fire is better left alone, if you want to avoid getting punched in the face.  John knows he's sometimes shouting loud enough to wake Mrs Hudson, and that he fights, physically, to free himself.  He was embarrassed the first time it happened, but Sherlock had been quick to dismiss it, stating matter-of-factly the high frequency of those post-war dreams amongst soldiers.
"Yesterday evening?!" Lestrade repeats, staring at Sherlock with a disbelieving expression.  "Of course I wasn't acting like myself, I had just tied a tourniquet onto my friend to prevent him from
"I should have done it sooner," Mycroft says.  "I was... afraid, Sherlock.  You can blame me, I deserve it.  The only justification I have is that it was so hard back then.  Do you remember it all?  I am not sure.  You weren't lucid most of the time.  I was afraid you would put me, and our parents, through that hell again.  It wasn't easy getting the clearance bypassing the official channels.  I mean, when you threaten to blow up the British government, you tend to remain on their radars.  John is the one you should be thanking. He has a way of presenting things that makes it hard to argue. I am a coward, as you so often say, Sherlock.  It was as much out of fear than out of laziness I did not act sooner."
Funny.  As if he has any control over it. John might smile, he cannot be certain.  He manages to pat Sherlock's hand one last time before the flapping doors of the stabilisation room close behind him.  The crude light and loud voices are too much and he finds himself sliding back in that somewhat dreamy state, where time doesn't pass but stutters, and reality loses its bearings
"You are such a romantic.  Imagine how surprised people will be when I tell them you proposed on Christmas, in a romantic, snowy setting."  John teases a little.
"Order in.  Greek.  It's the fastest.  We can have supper and be at Beek's door in less than two hours."
“She’s so clever,” Sherlock says, and the uncertain smile that illuminates his tired face has John’s heart breaking once more.  God, he loves that man.  He never thought you could love someone that much, never thought it could grow exponentially with time.
John is close enough now that the head of his cock catches Sherlock's hot, fluttering hole. It's dilated, ready to take him, but tonight John is content to just tease the rim now and then, enjoying the high-pitch "oh's" it produces from Sherlock.
"I told them that Alexandra, or Camila, as the rare acquaintances we had knew her, had to go back to Argentina to take care of her sick mother.  Afterwards, I... made sure to cut ties with most people I knew that were more than simple co-workers, and I moved to another area. No one ever asked, you know?  Sometimes it feels as if she never existed." Stephen Beeks adds, tears starting to flow again.  "I have kept the note, Mr. Holmes."
"I told you to drop it.  I know you like it, I noticed the second you  threw yourself at it.  You always make the same tiny noise when you get comfortable, from the back of your throat. It's not a sigh, or a groan, some kind of cross between the two."
"You slept on the couch, alone, with all your clothes on," Sherlock says hastily, like he just can’t help himself.
I haven't kept a lot of the elements of the original ACD story specifically.  Nevertheless, I used a lot of tropes that can be found thorough ACD's writings.  He often used, as part of Sherlock Holmes investigations, mysterious women from far-away lands running from their past.  And Holmes has, on more than one occasion, decided to keep his own deduction to himself, when he judged someone did not have to pay for a crime, or that there wasn't a crime after all, etc.
“Nothing is wrong, Sherlock.  Your cervix is softening nicely, and you are six centimetres dilated.”
They do an efficient job, John taking care of the corners and trim so that Sherlock doesn't have to bend himself in uncomfortable position, and can simply roll the walls.  After the first layer is done, around noon, they sit on the floor to eat the dinner Mrs. Hudson has prepared for them - a pretext to have a peak at the room and expressing her approval because she is not their cook, of course.
John tightens his grip on Sherlock, who’s face has turned a deep red.  His eyes are shut tight, and he is pushing, groaning deep in his throat.
John's hand freezes on Sherlock's back and his languorous chain of thoughts comes to a halt when he remembers the almost violent twist of arousal he had felt when he came into contact with the self-lubrication fluids of a carrier.
"I know you don't mind.  Where was I?  Yes. Once I admitted it to myself, it got better.  It's a question of acceptance, really.  I cannot be the person I was before we procreated.  I cannot control my transport like I used to.  It is my responsibility toward our child to prioritise it, in front of everything and everyone... especially me.  I accept it.  It's a psychological line to cross, admitting that I cannot fail that child no matter what, because I am partly responsible for its sole existence.  That is, not even considering I owe you the same.  Fear held me back from crossing.  Usually, I want to succeed for my own pleasure.  This time, it has nothing to do with me, and all with the potential human being I'm carrying.  It is selfless.  By deciding, with you, to have this child, from the minute we took our decision, the crossing line was already there.  I resigned and I crossed. I accepted it. I feel lighter now."
"Do not touch him, are you deaf?" He shouts at the paramedic, jumping into the ambulance to get in between him and Sherlock.
“I am nothing else than an incubator on legs by now, let’s be honest,” Sherlock adds, his smile widening, as if he finds the image funny.  “My body is entirely at the disposition of my pregnancy, to my detriment.”
"It might be fun," John whispers, as the teacher invites everyone to sit.  "Don't be a bitch about it."
The drive to Sherlock's parents takes almost five hours.  It is the first time they have travelled there by car -which is hardly surprising, given that it is only their second visit.  They borrowed Mycroft's car and left shortly after nine that morning.  It's the twenty-fourth of December.  Although Sherlock declares Christmas is nothing but the stupid modern commercialisation of an otherwise very interesting pagan ritual, he doesn't really hate it.  Last year, he had put a lot of thought into John and Mrs. Hudson's gifts, and had composed a new melody for the event.
The lab employee-turned-murderers are supposed to meet between midnight and two in the morning, in that smelly back alley that's far enough from their normal, suburban homes with perfect lawns.  The thing is, Sherlock isn't sure the meeting will take place.  That's what makes John a little -okay, admittedly, a LOT - irritated.  Sherlock had waited for them to be settled in their hiding place to explain there was a sixty-forty chance to surprise their meeting.  That is why -and John hadn't known about that until he had knelt on a pack of rotten apples- he hasn't told anyone at Scotland Yard.  At John's eyeroll, he had shrugged.
Sherlock, who is a total sucker for having his hair played with, seems to immediately feel some relief.  John works his scalp with slow movements and a medium pressure.  Soon the room is filled with the smell of mint and Sherlock's groans of relief.  It takes ten minutes to put him to sleep.  Just before he lets go, he smiles at John with the same expression he had that time he was given anxiety medication.  "Thank you," he slurs, and closes his eyes.
Well, John had gotten the message loud and clear.  Sherlock was closing himself off to him once more -it hadn't happened in a long time.  Apparently, John only had to lower his guard down for it to come back and bite him in the arse.  The nature of the case hadn't helped.  Sherlock had spent most of those eleven days playing an online game called
Sherlock had been determined to make John understand his choice, as if he had to defend it.  He had a picture of Amy Brown, cut out from a newspaper article, with him, and had shoved it into John's hand.  "Now, I know she is the youngest of the lot but look at her.  No makeup, hair in a simple pony tail, wearing a crumpled white blouse with the pockets full, over a t-shirt.  She chose the profession because she's passionate, she loves her work and her practice for what they are, not what they can do for her. As for her professional credentials, she has been trained at Toronto's Metro Centre of androcology, with some of the best specialists in the field."
It's almost noon when John finally falls asleep.  It has become normal for him too, neglecting his circadian rhythm.  And he doesn't mind a bit when it means holding Sherlock into his arms.
John tries not to smile while removing the offending trousers.  Yes, crepes with honey sauce.  Double serving for Sherlock.
John cuts her out, then.  He's not ready to consider the possibility of their child being born prematurely, not yet.  He'll cross that bridge when he gets there -and hopefully, that won’t be necessary.  He's eager to go back to Sherlock now, but Amy asks him if she can speak to him privately, and he sees in her eyes he doesn't really have the choice.  Mycroft takes off to see Sherlock then.  John watches him leave with childish resentment.
Oh, there still could be complications.  John can list at least ten ways things could still go downhill, but he refuses to think about it.  Relief flows over him.  He practically shakes with it.  It seems almost surreal now, to think he had been bleeding to death, to remember Lestrade's panicked voice and Sherlock's order to stay alive.
“But that is not point,” Sherlock cuts off, looking annoyed.  “It might have been contractions, right?  They do not hurt much when they start, and... what if they were, John?  I might have been in labour for hours without realising it.  Oh.  John, it’s still dripping...”
"The sonogram was quite impressive today," He says, knowing how moved  Sherlock had been -John himself wasn't far behind, to be honest- to see their daughter at this stage of her development; a perfectly formed human being busy getting ready for her birth.  Sherlock's mouth had dropped open when the screen had shown a profile of the baby's face, and her ears, and what might be a little bit of hair on the top of her head.  She had blinked, then had started sucking her thumb.
"Or there will be no more going to Tesco each time you have a sudden craving for something, or crossing town in a cab past eleven at night because you absolutely need a bowl of that Japanese soup from the restaurant twenty miles away."
"I might be incredibly embarrassed later, when the effects of the drug will have abated.  And you will kindly restrain yourself from reminding me of everything I said that did not make sense."
Mycroft ignores the insults and turns toward John.  “I just spoke to Anthea.  If everything goes well, the helicopter should be able to take off in twenty minutes.  The weather is improving.  I had someone pick up Doctor Brown, she will be part of the flight.”
“Shooting at the explosive was our best chance.  I calculated the course the bullet would take, and the ideal place for it to hit the explosives so that the blow would mostly damage the side of the pool where Moriarty was standing.  I had beforehand, of course, evaluated the force of the explosion, basing my prediction on the previous bomb that had exploded, and judging by the kind of explosives used and-“
About the names of Sherlock's parents : Never once, in the original ACD stories, does he mention Sherlock's parents, let alone their names.  In BBC Sherlock, probably wanting to stay true to the original material, Sherlock's parents are credited as "mummy" and "daddy", and I did some research, their name aren't mentionned anywhere else.  I was feeling a bit frustrated, and the idea of inventing names that didn't have anything to do with the material and "Sherlock" felt wrong, as if I was playing with ACD's characters without his permission.  My brain is weird that way.  Long story short : I needed a source for inspiration, and I finally went with "Adrian" and "Louisa", the first being the name of ACD's oldest son, the second being the name of his second wife.  :D  Anyway, that is where the names are coming from.
... On the other hand, no.  John doesn't want anyone in the cocoon but him and Sherlock.  Even Mrs. Hudson does not come in without knocking and never more than once a day.  As she always brings food with her, she is forgiven.  John notices that every meal or desert she cooks that week are Sherlock’s favourite - he puts on four pounds that week.
"There was a lot of blood," Sherlock says, turning his head away.  He swallows loudly.  "Your face, John.  It turned grey.  I saw it happen.  Made me think of Moriarty and the pool, of my stupidity back then, when I thought I knew better than to warn you about my stupid plan.  Remember... there was a moment, when I saw you, where I thought you were Moriarty, when he made you speak."
John wants to hear more.  Sherlock turns his head on the pillow, presenting his lovely profile to John.  He's panting, mouth open, his chest moving quickly.
"No, I do not.  I was very, very surprised, since you always make such a fuss about your hair.  Comes with the detective character, I guess..."
"To be honest, I don't know about the correct etiquette when it's time to pick godparents.  I guess family members first, right?"
"You see?  I know all the answers, so I do not see the point in spending two hours re-learning them," Sherlock's tone becomes hesitant toward the end, as if he did not mean to say any of it out loud.
"I know," Sherlock says with regret.  "I will remain attentive, as long as you aren't forcing me to... huh... 'share'."
John walks slowly to the sitting room, and remains at the entrance, leaning against the door frame.  Sherlock is still fast asleep, curled on his side, one arm wrapped around his belly, the other resting, folded, under his head.  His sleep is not completely peaceful.  His mouth, half-opened, lets out a breathy moan on each exhale.  The frown between his eyes appears and disappears.  He’s stunning; vulnerable and strong, delicate and robust all together.
Sherlock knows very well what it does to John when he plays with himself.  Without waiting anymore, John shoves a pillow under Sherlock's arse, pushes back both of his legs and lines himself up.  It still amazes him, that Sherlock can take him so easily, despite looking so damn tight when he's not aroused.  The doctor part of himself knows it's carrier's biology -it wouldn't make sense to have a carrier male who wouldn't be genetically fit for penetration- but the John Watson part, more especially the John Watson-slash-Sherlock's partner part, will never stop being amazed at how Sherlock seems to be made for him, just for him.
John sighs and pinches the bridge of his nose.  "You are definitely not at the morgue.  I thought perhaps you had fallen asleep waiting for Sherlock to be done.  Was he still there when you left or-"
"I...mmm... it... it feels so good," Sherlock admits, voice broken and unsure.  "John," he says louder, putting his hands on John's hips.
"Sherlock has spent his life inventing new ways of hiding from me, John, he is not exactly an idiot."
This is all going to be over very soon if John doesn’t break the kiss.  The realisation that he’s about to come when his cock hasn’t been touched, still trapped in a layer of cotton and jeans, makes him as giggly as a teenager.  He lets go of Sherlock’s mouth and stands straight, smiling when Sherlock groans in frustration.
John’s smile grows wider.  He lowers his head to look at the bulge in Sherlock’s trousers, and he can almost make out the shape of his cock pressed against the soft fabric.
She's jumping him.  He cannot react, not fast enough, as they roll on the ground.  He needs to immobilise her, what the hell is happening why can't he seem to-
At the hospital, Dr. Brown had told them they should have acted sooner when her initial recommendation hadn't worked.  Sherlock's state was serious enough that it could endanger his life and the baby's.  In his current state, he showed signs of a tear in the oesophagus and an inflammation of the gums, his electrolytes were unbalanced, he lacked iron and other vitamins -and, of course, there was the weight loss.  Two days later, Sherlock had started a drug therapy, a combination of two different medications that were safe for the baby.  He hadn't even protested, which John had feared he would, or required time to do his own research.  John knew he had been scared, even though he tried not to show it.  When you are in such a desperate state, it's difficult to keep up a façade.
John sees what has gotten him in that peculiar position, as a dark stain blooms under his crotch and quickly spreads to the inside of his legs.
Another day passes.  Which is enough for John to have his own little meltdown right in front of Mycroft, who's had the sensitivity to stop at the flat in person to inform him of his progress, or in that case, absence of.  It's four in the afternoon.   And John is drunk.
"You do not believe me. Nevertheless, there is something different in me.  I did not enjoy working our last case, at least not in the way I used to.  When I work, I give myself wholly, intellectual faculties as well as physical.  It appears I cannot do it at the moment. It’s as if my whole being needs to be dedicated to my pregnancy, an act of creation, you see, that is stimulating in itself.  I am preparing myself, and my child, for the birth.  It is quite strange, but not disagreeable, and the more I progress toward the due date, the more intense it is.”
"St Bart's. Molly texted me yesterday to ask for my help.  Something about a chemical component she cannot identify."
"Femoral... artery..." he pants, annoyed at the weakness of his voice, "pressure on... bleeding too fast..."
“We have three minutes before the next contraction, John,” Sherlock points out, trying to keep his voice from shaking.
"Sherlock..." John groans, grabbing Sherlock's slender hips to rub their cocks together more efficiently.  Sherlock lifts his head and lets out a long whine, looking utterly debauched, and innocent, and sexy, and wicked all at once.
Sherlock nods, still concentrating on breathing. Maria has opened an I.V. kit and is silently asking for John's permission.  He puts a hand on Sherlock's shoulder.
Sherlock’s thighs are shaking and his hands are gripping the comforter.  John has settled a thick towel under his hips, and it’s already wet with more amniotic liquid –clear, still.  Good.  The few blood trickles are of a bright red colour, which is good, too.  John presses a hand on Sherlock’s knee, making him jump.  It is only now that he understands Amy’s warning, from that day at the hospital a few months ago.  She had said Sherlock would need John to be a comforting presence, not a doctor.  Right now, he would like to be sat close to him, holding his hand and telling him to breathe, having him focus on him instead of what is going on down below.
Sherlock blushes adorably.  "I propose we head home, now, because I am in need of a thorough fucking.”
Another wave of wakefulness.  John blinks slowly.  The world is steadier.  His arm is numb and scratchy; he can feel the heaviness of the cast covering it.  It comes to his still drug-hazy mind that he doesn’t know if Sherlock is okay.   He did seem to be earlier, but then, John had been a bit confused.  His last memory of Sherlock is of him fighting with the paramedic trying to wrap a blood pressure cuff around his bicep, which is, in itself, reassuring.
They calm down when another deafening thunderclap buries their laughter.   Sherlock turns on his side, with John's help, so he can shove his head in the crook of his neck.  His belly is pressing on the side of John's body, just how he likes.  He wraps an arm around Sherlock's thickened waist, caressing him in a slow, lazy motion.
"You aren't doing it for the money, Sherlock, because you don't have to.  It might be a boring, unnecessary matter to you, but you know damn well most people do not have your luck, they aren't born rich. Poverty, it does ring a bell, yeah?  Kids needing to be fed breakfast at school because their parents cannot afford three meals a day?"
It is, not too humid, with the smell of spring flowers hanging in the air.  It's a clear night, the moon almost full, shedding its soft, white-blue light.  Sherlock is beautiful -always is, of course, but especially when lit up by the moon's unique glow, as if he was made to live at night, his pale skin almost shining, his eyes translucent, and the shadows cutting his features more apparent, emphasising their singularity.
John snorts.  He's barely hard -just a little plump, mostly because of the way Sherlock's arse is leaning on his crotch.  "Wouldn't you prefer to sleep, first?  You seem exhausted."
"You are turning into an expecting daddy cliché at an alarming rate," Sherlock replies, but John has learned to hear the smile he lets out through his words without seeing it.
The elevator door opens on a quiet floor.  The nurse puts the mask back into place, staring at John severely, while the orderly pushes the gurney into the corridor.
"John, I am... hard," Sherlock tells him.  "Because of you.  It... never happened before."  A light press of his hips downward has John moaning from the delightful pressure on his cock.
Back in the garden in Sussex, Sherlock’s adamant belief he would never be a decent father and would not be able to do it on his own had shaken John.  He needs to build his confidence. John hates the distorted lens through which Sherlock has chosen to see himself - as an incompetent and unfit human being.  Trying to convince him to the contrary will take time.  Of course, it isn’t really about the Work – that’s the one sphere of his life in which Sherlock doesn’t need more proof that he’s competent (the best there is, according to himself).  It’s about having him understand that John knows he cares about their child and is confident Sherlock wouldn’t expose it to danger.  If he can begin to believe he is a decent father-to-be - more than decent, he’s extraordinary, but John knows he has a long way to go before convincing him of that - then maybe becoming a father will be a natural progression.  John can only hope.
"No.  I don't," he admits weakly.  "I did warn you, though, that I wasn't good at it.  I did, and now, see where this has lead us.  I can't convince myself that an abortion is necessary.  I should be able to do it.  Logically, it doesn't make any sense to consider another venue.  It doesn't."
Sherlock is frowning and observing him attentively, with that pale blue piercing gaze that can learn and deduce so many things, emotions as well as intentions.  Lies.  He is wondering if it is an act.  If John’s calm is artificial, a display for show.  The frown disappears after a second, replaced by perplexity.
"Don't be ridiculous," Sherlock replies, scrunching his nose in the most adorable way.  "There is an experiment I have long planned to work on, though it would be impossible to do here.  If anything, I'll be busier than I have been over the past month.  Besides, I can always help Lestrade with cases that do not require my physical presence."
The navel story is probably John's favourite.  It became clear, early on when they were discovering each other's bodies, that Sherlock hated when John got anywhere near to his navel.  He had admitted after a while that navels -except, fun fact, Sherlock never says navel but
Sherlock nods and shoves his head back in the crook of his arms.  The soft cries he allows himself to let out are swelling with every new contraction, and are now ending on long, agonised moans, with each exhale.  John aches to touch him, reassure him.  He’s never seen him so vulnerable and lost, in that amount of pain, and it is difficult, not to get angry at the situation.  Angry isn’t good.  John always has trouble shaking the feeling off, and there is no place for this right now.
It doesn't take long to solve the case.  Sherlock is even more exuberant than usual, even more brilliant.  The body stolen from the morgue -not Saint-Bart, luckily- is found on day five by a triumphant Sherlock. The artificial lake behind the victim's property is drained.  If Sherlock hadn't determined that the mud traces left behind was very specific to a certain London area, they would still be looking.
"Yes, I do understand," John hears, and it is Mycroft's voice, carrying all the disdain and exasperation he's capable of. "If everyone could calm down and give Doctor Watson a few seconds to compose himself, we could get over this frankly ridiculous corridor melodrama."
His tone is so serious and dramatic John feels the need to lighten the mood.  After all, what just happened is quite wonderful.  If you ask him, it’s a bloody miracle.
"I know.  Still, I wanted to shut her up, and what I said, about being a man of science and using logic principles... It might be true for life in general.  It isn't true for our daughter's birth.  There are risks, albeit negligible ones, even with the epidural method, which has been around for more than eighty years."
"...Cuh-come," Sherlock stutters through John's trusts.  "There, I'm going to come, John, are you happy?  So close, please..."
"Well, my erection, obviously," Sherlock huffs, pointing impatiently at the water surface between his thighs, broke by the rosy tip of his semi-hard penis.
I've received comments and messages of people wanting to help and support me, and I'm addressing the issue at the end of the chapter.
"I really do like it," Sherlock goes on.  "It's... the colour is nice and huh... I fit perfectly on it, surely it will be ideal in providing my back good support for all the hours I will spend on it... and the table... The table is..."
Sherlock has his hands roaming over John's back, then on his arse, up and down again, pleading very softly for John to go harder, deeper.
Sherlock isn’t as oblivious as he seems to be, though.  As soon as they arrive at the flat, he suggests he goes to meet his brother alone –
John blushes.  He had Sherlock promise not to mention it again after an old army body had talked about it in his presence.
"With my carrier status and the still ongoing discrepancies in civil law, we would be better protected, legally, as well as our child, if we were in a recognized union, and although unmarried couples benefit from most of the same advantages, it can get tricky, if something were to happen.  I can go into the details, if you want, but the principal beneficiary of our legal union would be the child, and its need being preserved whatever happens to us, or between us.  I do not mean by that that I think something could go wrong, neither do I feel like bringing up issues that will probably never-"
His sleep is still light. His respiration is uneven, with that nasal quality given by the cold he's caught, but he is out, having succumbed to exhaustion despite himself, John knows.
"What is says.  It means you need to stay in bed, and I will allow short sitting periods, only half an hour at a time.  The only valid reasons you can leave bed are to eat and get cleaned up."
“Okay, huh, first of all: can you stop being so cryptic?  What purpose does it serve when there is no one here but us?  Second, I do know what you are saying, but I also think you are wrong and I have no idea what I’m doing here."
The air conditioner works well enough for Sherlock to be able to sleep in the afternoon.  The headache is not going away and Sherlock can only take paracetamol as medicine, not only because he is pregnant, but because it is better, he tells John, to keep him away from painkillers, even in light dosages. You never know, with an ex addict.  John does the next best thing.  He prepares their dark bedroom with the heavy curtains closed, in which the air conditioner has worked for half an hour already, providing Sherlock with an ideal temperature when he comes to lie down.  He's compliant and docile like John has rarely seen him.  Sherlock is good at dealing with the pain, but not to the point where he can make it disappear by the sheer power of his mind.  And now, it is evident he is suffering.
"Look at it Sherlock.  It's a tiny human being, someone we made together," John whispers, as much as to express his own emotions and let Sherlock know how he feels, as to see Sherlock's reaction.
"I still used after that, but very rarely, when boredom or depression were eating at me from the inside.  Nevertheless, what I meant to say is...not being in control is not only about my emotions.  It reminds me of a version of myself that I hate, and that frightens me, even more so now that I value my life because you and our daughter are part of it.  I don't want  Sage's birth to be tainted with those memories.  I do not want to reach a point where there is that horrible sensation of not being able to contain myself, feeling like I am not retained by my carnal envelope anymore and that my mind is spilling, away from me and..."
Mycroft looks down at his glass and swallows its content in one gulp.  He seems old and tired, all of sudden.  “His feelings won’t simply go away,” he murmurs, as if he’s talking to himself.  “That’s not how it works.  Sherlock convinced himself he didn’t care about anything when he was still a young child.  His view of love seems to be one of a child as well.  That’s the problem with lying to yourself for so long - after a while, you start to believe it.  The other night, Sherlock asked me how I did it, how do I push sentiment and feelings aside so easily.  I taught him, when we were young, and I believed at the time I was doing the right thing.  I thought it would work for Sherlock like it did for me, but that was before I realized how different we are.   The truth is, what my brother pretends to be, is who I really am.
The teacher is a retired O.B. nurse with some thirty years of experience under her belt and a talent of keeping her audience's attention -of course, said audience is very modest: they are four couples, including John and Sherlock who stand out immediately.  Not only does the teacher -Marcie-  recognize him, which has the other couples doing the same, but also because he is by far the most advanced in his pregnancy, and, last but not least, the only carrier.  He takes the attention well enough , by remaining silent and uptight while John smiles for him.
"Speaking of French, my grandmother, who was a very skilled amateur horticulturist had all sorts of stories about plants.  She used to call sage "the wise herb" because as you will note, the word "sage," if read in French, means "wisdom".  And then she would say I was the family's sage, which of course, would please me infinitely - as you have noticed, I am very partial to compliments.  One evening, she even took me-"
Lestrade is putting his coat back on, standing near the door, when Sherlock comes in with long, rapid strides.  He bumps into the inspector and stops dead on his feet to narrow his eyes at him.
"It is just the beginning, Sherlock," John adds, playing with his hair.  "We'll always worry about her.  Even when she's seventeen and going off to college, probably way more by then."
“He is my little brother,” Mycroft goes on in a dreamy voice.  “He was such an emotive child.  I adored him.  I think a lot about it these days, considering he is about to have a child himself.  I hope, if your daughter inherits Sherlock’s brain, he will be wise enough not to do what I myself did to him.  It is probably the mistake I regret the most.”
John nods, unable to explain himself. Trust Sherlock to have so high an opinion of his genius brain he really believes it is his idea that has John teary-eyed. He's literally beaming with self-satisfaction.
However, John is only human.  He lets Sherlock get away with playing the violin for four hours in a row in the middle of the night, not even trying to play something, just having the chords wailing like mutant kittens from hell. Then, there is the state of the flat.  Whenever John comes back from work is to find more stuff laying around, Sherlock always gives the “experiment” excuse, mumbled under his breath while he acts like John is a piece of furniture.
"Yeah, no kidding," John says, or at least he thinks he says.  He really cannot stay awake any longer.
John doesn't get the chance to answer, because at the same moment, Sherlock calls his name.  The way he says it has John's heart freezing in his chest.  Sherlock is scared, and hurt.
Sherlock is staring wide in complete surprise.  His sweaty hair is stuck to his head, his lips swollen from having been bitten so much.  He has white circles around his eyes, the rest of his face is beet red, with tiny dots on his cheeks, where capillaries have burst.
John isn't duped, but he's also on a mission.  It is still hard not to call Sherlock out on his bullshit when he adds, still smiling.  "Oh, and John.  Remember.  It's never twins."
He relaxes a little and nods again at Sherlock, who then presses a kiss to his forehead and takes a step back.  John is docile while he's wheeled into his room -a private one, of course, and John won't protest Mycroft's involvement this time.  When it is time to move him from the gurney to his bed, he braces himself, knowing it's going to hurt and focusing on the bit of warm wetness on his forehead.  Another first. It is more John-like to kiss Sherlock like that, a kiss not about desire or even romance, just to make a statement.
There wasn't air conditioning in the cab.  Sherlock and John were literally dripping sweat when they had exited it, and Sherlock had had to sit for a while, trying to catch his breath and snapping at John for suggesting going back to the flat.
, there are a few cab runs, a couple of shouting matches with Lestrade and two hours of forced rest ordered by John at the end of the afternoon of that heavily humid day, when a series of Braxton Hicks contractions, which start right after he had harshly reminded to Andersen as to how to do his job, scare the hell out of Sherlock.
Sherlock blushes and can't quite hide a small smile.  He looks into John's eyes, his own so pale and vividly expressive, full of love and fear and affection.  "I am quite fond of you myself, John Watson.  Which doesn't mean I can accept easily that there are no measures and equations to evaluate the state of a relationship."
To their credit, they do stand up, holding onto each other, but the call of Sherlock's bedroom is way too tempting and it is Sherlock that guides John to his bed, have him lay down on too soft sheets in the half-light.  He let himself fall next to him and sighs, apparently satisfied.
John nods, trying to catch his breath, and he's about to explain to Sherlock how cramping is a normal occurrence during pregnancy.
Sherlock takes a little more than ten minutes in the young woman's room.  When he joins them in the living room, John is struggling to keep the conversation going.  Luckily for him, Sherlock wastes no time.  He's filled with nervous energy, which means he has probably solved the case already.
Sherlock was right.  It isn't pollen.  He wakes up the morning after sporting a light fever, which sufficiently eliminates the allergy angle.  It's a cold, and it sounds nasty, judging by his wet cough, and his sinus so congested it makes his face swollen.  He is also grumpy as hell, spending the morning laying down on the couch, complaining about a hundred and one small aches and discomfort, monopolising John's attention with such intensity he feels his energy being drained out of him, almost literally.
He runs back with the clothes and the pads Sherlock had insisted they buy. Only one labour out of ten starts with the waters breaking, but Sherlock had prepared for all eventualities.
"Sherlock it's half past eight.  All you’ve had to eat today is an apple and a plate of ginger nut biscuits."
When they had arrived, Sherlock had left John unpacking while he busied himself working a new spreadsheet for all the possible scenarios if he were togo into labour at the cottage, just like he had done in London, going as far as calculate the exact duration of the drive to the hospital, depending on the day of the week and the hour of the day, under different weatherconditions.  John understood; it had been a way for Sherlock to keep as much control as possible over the situation.  Wasn’t he doing the same thing? He had gone outside to check on the security team Mycroft had set around the cottage, feeling like a host who had to take care of his guests.  He had been told quite abruptly that the less they he and Sherlock came in contact with them, the better.  Government agents.  Often regarded as amateurs by the army, but John knew Mycroft wouldn’t just have anyone watching over his brother.  Besides, over the next fewdays, John had found it easy to completely forget about them.  Two teams comprised of two agents were on rotation; their car was completely hidden in the small wooden area west of the cottage. As for the agents, they were making their rounds discreetly, only coming into contact with Sherlock and John at the beginning of their shift to ask if they had experiencedany strange phone calls or emails.
“The measurements were incorrect.  It happens.  There is always...ah... a margin of error.  My hips are too narrow, and now... god, it hurts... the head is stuck and...”
Sherlock doesn't say a word during the ride back home.  John doesn't press.  He might know what has been going on and needs to think about the best way to bring it up.
But then, when will it all come to an end?  John knows, he just knows, that even if he asks (which he wouldn't, it would be the worse way possible to begin their life as soon-to-be parents), Sherlock won't stop the Work, pregnant or not.  In the end, he'll be confined to solve what he can without leaving the flat, mostly, but for the months to come, what is supposed to happen?
It becomes scary, sometimes, how often their conversations happen half out loud, half in their heads.
And there is Sherlock, his chest covered in pink blotches, his now damp hair falling into his eyes, one hand pressed on John's heart, the other holding John's cock -Sherlock sexy as hell lining himself up, biting at his lips as he sinks down, slowly, until he's seated completely.
Marvelling at the fact, John caresses one almost reverently.  It is the first physical change he has noticed since they knew Sherlock is expecting.  So far, it's been almost hard to believe he was actually pregnant, despite the positive tests.  Sherlock hasn't been plagued with morning sickness or extreme fatigue -as for his mood changes, which is another early sign, well...it
But Sherlock doesn't sigh, or roll his eyes, or smile derisively.  "My John," he says in a gentle voice.  "You are mine, right?"
In the afternoon of Sherlock's third day of strict rest, when he wakes up from his nap, the new couch has been delivered and John has just finished rearranging the living room.  He is very satisfied with his choice. The couch is huge. Sherlock can lay down on his back and stretch his toes without touching the opposite armrest, and since he's allowed a semi-sitting position, John had made sure that the armrest is high enough so that he can lay back on it with a couple of cushions and still has a support up to his head.  John had also bought a small table on wheels, adjustable to different positions to accommodate Sherlock.
"Well," Sherlock pouts, "what use is my genius if it cannot help me to solve the simplest relationship problems?"
"Oh my god, stop torturing yourself," John cracks up, laughing so hard his stomach hurts.  He sits besides Sherlock and grabs him by the waist, then presses a loud kiss on his cheek.  Sherlock seems to debate whether he should be offended or amused.
Then, last night, John had gone to fetch the milk in the fridge and found himself face to face with a rotting human hand with large lesions from which were growing what seemed to be shoots of parsley or basil. It was a nightmarish version of that kid's toy, where grass grows like hair on head-shaped clump of soil.
Kandahar.   A cold morning which is going to get impossibly hot even before noon puts the killing sun at its zenith.
The snow is falling harder now.  John slows down a little and turns the heater up a notch.  The song playing is a choir version of
It is.  The sun is now hidden by clouds, a strong wind has risen, and John's shoulder tells him it's going to rain soon.  He doesn't wait for Sherlock's answer, just stand up and takes his hand.
"He allowed it only because the poor beast was suffering so much.  The dog was only nine years old, but he had cancer, there was nothing that could be done, and at some point it was just cruel to let him endure.  Sherlock was eleven.  He insisted on staying with Redbeard until it was done, then dug a grave in the backyard.  He slept on it three nights in a row.  In the end Adrian had to lock him up in his room.  You surely know what is coming."
Normally, Sherlock and John wouldn’t even have changed their routine.  Mycroft wouldn’t have made the effort to announce the news himself –a text would have sufficed.  But this isn’t normal circumstances, and Sherlock had been quick to understand he couldn’t take any amount of risk.  He just couldn’t.  Even though the chances of Blair reaching them before he was caught were quite low –around twenty percent, according to Mycroft- there was no way Sherlock could defend himself, not while so heavily pregnant.  Not only couldn’t he fight: he couldn’t even get away quickly enough.  Mycroft had suggested the cottage in Sussex as the safest place for them.  Baker Street, for all its familiarity, is right in the centre of London, with a lot of movement, a lot of unfamiliar faces passing by each day; and with Sherlock unable to reach his homeless network or perform his routine checks (comprised of several techniques he keeps secret even from John), Blair could have gotten to them.  It wasn’t like Sherlock’s address was a secret, after all, which is the exact opposite of their cottage near Storrington, a location John hadn’t even disclosed in their blog.  The other advantage was the physical location of the cottage, on the point of a hill with the ocean at its back, there was only one way to the cottage, and the view from it was clear and extended.  Besides, with a village as small as Storrington, an unfamiliar face would immediately stick out.
to track a murderer that hadn't taken lightly to being cheated by two teenagers that were able to crack the game code.  John's help had consisted of putting food near Sherlock on a regular basis -he had eaten, although not much, breaking his ‘no food when Working’ rule.  John suspects it had been more to avoid another fight with him than to keep himself healthy.  That is probably also why he had taken a few hours away from the game each day, to sleep.  It doesn't change the fact that once the murderer is caught and they are debriefing in Lestrade's office, Sherlock's skin looks waxy, his eyes are hollow and his usual energetic way of moving around had completely disappeared.  He's unusually quiet and still, which he never his, not when it is time to savour a victory.
He knows Sherlock is close to a complete breakdown.  It’s too much, what he’s been through over the past week.  It’s one thing to acknowledge that, if it comes to the necessity of giving birth here, he has an experienced doctor with him.  It’s another one to realise it might very well happen.
John isn’t prepared to step in what must be at least two inches of water.  He curses as the cold liquid fills his shoes and soaks his socks.  Using one hand over his eyes to fight off the wind and see where he is going, he joins Mycroft who’s standing still, looking straight ahead of him.
“Snow.  In Sussex, on the second of June,” John says in a low voice, as if it is too improbable to state out loud.
Behind him, Sherlock moans in pain.  It grounds John.  He's a goddamn army captain, he can do this properly.  When he speaks again, his voice is low and calm.  Nevertheless, it makes a much stronger impression on the paramedic.
"Now I believe you will leave me alone and stop trying to take my picture," Sherlock smiles, eyes still closed.
John laughs at his own joke.  He's giddy and in love and high on endorphins.  He has bloody Sherlock Holmes cuddling next to him, a head full of curls to play with, smelling sweat and chemicals and expensive mint-flavoured shampoo.
Luckily, in the eight months they've been together, Sherlock's silence has been easier to break.  Physical intimacy seems to soothe him like nothing else, not even the violin.  Bringing Sherlock back from wherever he has retired to with a séance of cuddle on the couch or a slow, languid blowjob isn't exactly disagreeable.  It makes John wonder, sometimes, what sort of man Sherlock would be today if he hadn't starved himself from any form of affection for so long.
Christmas morning doesn't bring snow but heavy rain, falling so hard it wakes John up a little past five. He's careful not to wake Sherlock up.  He had fallen asleep a little past nine and John knows he hasn't left the bed during the night.  Always a soldier, it seems, John has been vigilantly sleeping ever since he came back from the war, never realising it could be useful with an insomniac fiancé.
Ten days, away from London, out in the country -a beautiful part of said country - and to John's surprise, so far, there have been no stupid arguments, no brooding, no impatient snapping on his part, as if they are truly on vacation and making the most of it.
Sherlock has gotten Lestrade's permission to have access to tissue and hair sample from the body.  His plan is to ask Molly for her collaboration, when the samples will be available.  She can work in their kitchen under Sherlock's supervision. John agrees.  He finds Sherlock especially creative and compliant, determined to follow the recommendations of their doctor and not to let boredom eat at him.  Solving a case without getting out of the flat is not anything new, but solving an eight...it's another story entirely.  If anyone can succeed, though, it is Sherlock.  It would be an interesting blog to write.
Downstairs, he sees light coming from the kitchen and follows it.  There, Louisa Holmes is doing a crossword puzzle and drinking tea.
"Obviously, the first option," Sherlock murmurs, frowning at John as if he's wondering who the hell he is.
They won't let him, though.  They hurt him.  Sternum rub, a pinch at his left trapezius, and he gasps, opening his eyes wide. He cannot keep them opened for long, just enough to see a blond woman bend over him, and a long pale hand half covered by the sleeve of a dark, thick fabric.
This chapter is kind of quiet.  It was supposed to have a second part with more action and developpment, but since I really wanted to get back to posting as soon as possible, I decided to keep it for another chapter, and just make the already written scenes a bit longer.  I do hope you will still enjoy it.
Sometimes, John will feel Sherlock looking at him, and when he looks back, his friend is quick to lower his eyes, a pink colour tinting his cheeks.  It is strange, because Sherlock has never been shy about observing John openly, sometimes for long minutes, until John would give in and ask if he had something on his face, to which Sherlock would reply that he was to which Sherlock would reply that he was simply trying to follow John's chain of thought.  Not anymore.  Sherlock watches John when he thinks John doesn't notice, and stays quiet.
...and at some point, they end up on the ground in front of the fireplace. Sherlock is laying down on a comforter John has taken from their bedroom, completely nude, the light of the flames dancing on the canvas of his pale skin, accentuating the shadows, the curves.  Sherlock is panting, his cock resting on his stomach at a slightly different angle than before, pushed up by the small swell of his belly.  He's waiting for John to finish undressing, but John is immobile, kneeling next to him, looking, unable to move, enthralled by what's his, and only his to see. Sherlock is all angles and cutting edges, apart from the roundness of his hips and stomach, and it will keep developing like another contradiction, like the redness of his nipples, just slightly swollen, almost unnoticeable.
John has to bite the inside of his cheeks not to smile and point out how natural and simple it is, to worry.  There is nothing embarrassing about it.  Trust Sherlock to turn it into an issue, as if he is somewhat abnormal to feel like this.
His mouth quirks up a bit to the left, and John cannot resist the malicious flicker of light in his eyes -never could, as a matter of fact.  He smiles too.  "That is a shame, although giving birth in prison probably wouldn't meet your standards."
He is the first to climb into the jeep.  When Marshall jumps behind the passenger seat, singing an old Rolling Stones song off key – the song's different every time, and every time, John is unable to remember the title - John knows he needs to warn him.
: annoying, strong-headed, attention-needy Sherlock.  It makes John realise how much he has missed him, after three weeks of quietness and resignation.  Is that what Sherlock was talking about, when he spoke of how accepting failure wasn't an option?  John is still pondering about it, whether it is a good or a bad thing.  One thing is for sure, he keeps a close watch on his lover, now more than ever.
Sherlock is staring at the wall, working hard not to look at John, his chin high and his expression disdainful.  Except... the way he blinks is like he wants to hold back tears, and his chest rises quickly, unevenly.
“Of course,” Mycroft adds, his expression serious once again, “Sherlock will be angry with me for having this conversation with you, and he has the right to be.  The only reason I’m doing this is because Sherlock has made it clear that he has no intention of acting upon his feelings.  He pretends that despite what I told him, you are not interested in him, and that he only needs to discipline himself more carefully to resolve the problem.”
"Thank you," Sherlock murmurs in a raw voice, when John is done.  Then, he grabs his hand and asks, eyes still closed.  "Would you hold me for a little while?"
John doesn't answer immediately, trying to process how awful those words sound when someone else says them.  And because of it, of the frightening heaviness of the guilt that settles on his chest, it gives Sherlock the two seconds he needs to walk away.  John barely has time to say his name before the door slams shuts.
"Because you have a fever, and you are stressed; the minima is still under a hundred, which is a good sign.  I am not worried about it, Sherlock."
He had said meaner things in the past.  The truth is, John isn't angry at all.  He had told Sherlock to entertain himself and not to speak to him again until the end of the journey, mostly because he thought that, maybe, Sherlock would calm down and even sleep a little.  John is worried about his mother's reaction upon seeing him.  Sherlock has lost ten pounds since the beginning of his pregnancy.  His face, already long and angular, now seems emaciated, just like the rest of his body.  His eyes are constantly sunken, dark circles under them, and the skin of his cheeks is covered of tiny red dots, due to the bursting of blood vessels during the most violent vomiting fits.  John isn't sure that telling Mrs. Holmes that Sherlock is actually doing better will be enough to reassure her.
John can hear the conversation, although he can't see Mycroft's face from where he stands.  Sherlock has seated himself in front of his brother and is observing him with the expression he has when he's a little out of his depth, trying to figure out something.
John drives slowly.  He is so concentrated on the wheel his hands are shaking.  Sudden wind gusts precipitate icy rain against the windshield, accompanied by tree leaves and other debris.  Even with the wipers at maximum speed, the view is barely acceptable.
The stairs descending to 221A are narrow (it had the workers cursing the lack of space more than once) and steep.  Sherlock grips the handrail -he always uses handrails now- but his gait still seems unsure, and John softly pushes him to the side to step ahead of him, the good old technique of -if-you-fall-at-least-you'll-fall-on-me that is still used in the army when one has to carry something using stairs.
Sherlock looks back.  He's biting both of his lips now, and panting hard, blinking almost manically.
John's voice becomes stronger, steadier. His fingers find their way into Sherlock's damp hair and he scratches at his scalp lightly, knowing how much he likes it.
"We won't be able to do it like this for much longer," he remarks, wincing in pleasure when John gives an especially hard thrust.  "I am naturally flexible but...huh... belly starting to get in the way..."
"It's always been difficult for me, getting sexually aroused," Sherlock explains, starting to undulate his hips, his cock -swollen, soft but firm under the cotton of his pajamas- rubbing against John's right hip.  "You... only you... John... it...ah! God... Because of you, I had to formulate another hypothesis to replace the assumption that...oh.... I was asexual. Then, then-"
Not anymore.  It takes John some time to catch on, but it seems like Sherlock is consciously trying to accept and even initiate physical proximity –nothing suggestive, just a more casual, friendly manner.  And well, John likes it.  He likes how Sherlock sometimes will leave the other side of the couch to sit closer to him – not touching, but closer - always with a good excuse, like needing more light to read, or moving to fetch the popcorn bag they are sharing, but remaining in his spot afterward.  He walks closer to John, too, always, slowing his pace when John dawdles, or accelerating to catch up with him.  And then, there are the pats on the back.  It seems that Sherlock had stored in his memory hard drive - maybe since John did it to him - the fact that men pat each other on the back to congratulate each other, to say “hi”, or to provide manly, alpha male comfort.  In the beginning, it’s funny, because the gesture is stifled, forced, and it seems to drain Sherlock of all his energy.  John doesn’t dare to laugh, of course, or to even mention it.  Just observing his friend afterward, how red his face gets as he does his best to avoid John’s gaze, the doctor knows one remark could put an end to it, indefinitely.
It's the voice, more than the brutal rubbing of knuckles on his sternum, that brings John back from behind the grey curtain.  He curses, opening his eyes to slits.  Sherlock is cradling his face, saying his name, over and over again.
"For you, John, always, only… ah! …for you" Sherlock agrees, lifting both hands to grab the headboard.  His face is red, covered in sweat, his eyes impossibly wider, his mouth opened in an "oh."  He's desire and lust personified.
Sherlock casts him a look under his dark lashes.  "Alright," he murmurs, although it is clear he has his own opinion of who's responsible for tonight's cock up, and that he will bring the matter up eventually.
He's apologetic when he arrives, and Sherlock looks kind of sheepish.  He brandishes John's new Sudoku book he had bought a few days earlier and shrugs.
Being snappy and impatient on a case is far from exceptional for Sherlock, but there is almost always something positive underneath: excitement and trepidation, riding the high of having his intelligence defied, at last.  This time, though, there is nothing of the sort.  John cannot tell if the nature of the case, with its almost religious setting of a mother-and-child imagery being its most striking feature, or Sherlock not being well.  He's hot and sore, short of breath, his feet so swollen he's had to wear a pair of trainers in lieu of his usual expensive leather shoes -and even then, he couldn't (well, John couldn't, as it is now physically impossible for Sherlock to lace his own shoes) lace them properly.  This detail is what seems to set his mood, early in the day as they get ready to leave the flat.  John knows, of course, that carriers last trimesters are known to be difficult and not well tolerated.  Medically speaking, it isn't that the symptoms differ from women’s pregnancies, it is that they tend to manifest earlier during the trimester, and to be more acute.
"Listen, we'll talk about it later," John says in a tired voice.  "I'm sorry, I'm on edge.  I should go see Sherlock."
"Yeah.  Hum... well, thank you.  Did the hospital call you?  You aren't even listed as my next-of-kin."
Something is happening down there, near his wound, but the pain is a distant echo.  John cannot feel his leg much now, it's cold and numb, like a piece of meat that doesn't belong to him.
When he gets out of bed, in need of a second shower to satisfy his unfaltering need to come, Sherlock doesn't even stir.
"Hey, you were having a nightmare.  A very unpleasant one," John explains slowly.  "Are you back?  Sherlock, you ok?"
He should never, ever forget how difficult it is for Sherlock to understand everything related to their relationship.  Sometimes things appear so evident to him he doesn't even think it could be a problem for Sherlock.  He gave himself to John, whole and raw, like he never gave himself to anyone before, because he
The look Sherlock gives John is so frightened, so fragile, that he cannot help himself.  He grabs him by the shoulders and holds him tight, as if he is trying to keep him whole.  It's an awkward hug, with Sherlock twisted to the side, tensed and trembling in John's arm.
There it is, the sound of people walking in; loud voices, Mycroft’s amongst them.  Without realising it, John has tightened his hold on Sherlock.  He kisses his temple and gives him his most assured, confident look.  “Trust me, darling, I’ll be there every step of the way.”
"Two, we take the matter in hand.  I would suggest the latter, and not, as you might think, because I'm sexually frustrated, but because it can take a while before your body decides to act on it.  It doesn't even have to be about me, as long as you ejaculate."
John, as always, waits for Sherlock to fall asleep before himself.  Sherlock's sleep patterns are unpredictable, at best, and it is a normal occurrence for John to wake up in the middle of the night alone in bed.  Sometimes Sherlock is working with his microscope, sometimes he is reading, or thinking, so far away into his mind palace it sometimes takes a whole minute for John to get him back.  Other times, though, what's awaken Sherlock are nightmares he won't talk about, and John stays up with him until he has the feeling the worst of the dreams have evaporated and Sherlock is calm enough.
It doesn't have any effect. Sherlock's grip tightens on his shirt and he now appears to gulp air if it's thicker than oatmeal.
"You are angry because you think I am... I don't know... reducing the importance of what you are going through, but just hear me out, alright?"
Moriarty’s madness manifesting into a psychotic game seems to be, for John, one of those events in life that mark a new beginning -one of the many in a lifetime- another chapter, another episode.  It’s been almost a year since an ex-army doctor and the only consulting detective in the world had moved in together at 221b Baker Street.  At first, John had thought his fascination with Sherlock, and in return Sherlock’s indulgence at having his genius praised, would be the only link that would tie them together.  John had originally taken Sherlock’s self-proclaimed diagnosis of sociopathy as a fact.  Yes, he was brilliant, complex, unique, and John would never not be fascinated with him, filled with admiration.  He was also like a statue made of ice : cold and unwelcoming, beautiful, but untouchable.  John had taken in the bizarre habits, the difficult character traits, the disdain for others and had accepted it all. He wasn’t looking for a friend, anyway.  He wasn’t looking for anything, except Sherlock’s life had given him back what he had missed so much : excitement, and chaos, and the incredible feeling of being alive. John could feel his blood moving through his veins, his heart pumping ; a tingling sensation into his brain making him overly aware and always ready to jump into action.  Just like during the war.
John has missed it too.  There have been plenty of cuddling sessions lately, to compensate for Sherlock's lack of sexual drive, but it is now, in the middle of it, that John feels it in his guts, how much he needs the proximity, the emotional and physical connection they have in these moments.  He pulls back, oh so slowly, and circles his hips before pushing deep.  A groan escapes his lips.  His hand is still on Sherlock's belly, and John cannot remember a time where he's felt so close to Sherlock, as if he is about to lose himself, his identity, in favour of becoming part of a whole - Sherlock, and him, and the baby they made together.
Then Sherlock's features tense, and his eyes become severe, just like they do when he needs to explain something to Anderson.  "Now," he says, voice loud and authoritative, a tone that will not be questioned.  "Listen to me, John Watson. You're going to stop this silly nonsense.  You're so overly dramatic, really, all you have is a small cut, a simple flesh wound.  I bet you could stand up and walk if you would stop whining.  Yes, you could, and now, I don't want to hear you complain like a wuss, because you aren't going anywhere.  You got me pregnant, you bastard, and you are stuck with me, understood?"
John sits himself on the chair, leaning back against Sherlock's coat hanging off it. The unique smell it exudes has John burning with the need to bring his lover back home, or -much better- go back in time to the moment of the fight and act differently.
Sherlock is still ahead of him, his coat is open, flapping against the wind.  They've lost Lestrade at some point.  They always lose Lestrade at some point. The detective often complains about how he is careful to maintain a good shape just to have a man living off tea and biscuits and another who's been known to limp run straight past him as if they're on "bloody steroids."  The thrill of the chase, Sherlock had explained more than once, and their addiction to adrenaline is what makes John and him faster on longer distances.
She shakes her head. John moves over to the side bench and put his hands onto Sherlock's belly.  He feels it hardening.  It is a contraction, but it is impossible to evaluate.  The hardening of the stomach can reach different level depending on the patient or the kind of contractions.  The false ones he hopes Sherlock is experiencing, also called Braxton-Hicks contractions, can seem to harden the uterus as much as the real ones.  The only difference is that they do not make the uterus cervix open - they are only a way to prepare the body for the birth.  They also tend to be irregular.  Most of the time, they do not keep up for more than an hour at a time.
Dr. Brown is quick to reassure them that everything is fine, the placenta's location on the back of the uterus ideal, and Sherlock's estimation of the embryo's age is spot on.
John can finally take his place next to Sherlock, one he shouldn't have left.  He sits on the side of the mattress and kisses his forehead.  Sherlock, installed in a semi-sitting position, only has to bend forward a little and, to John's surprise, kisses him back, straight on the mouth, a warm, a bit too wet open kiss.   John grins, seeing Sherlock’s goofy smile so different to his usual one.  Sherlock rarely smiles widely, always keeps his mouth closed, and most of the time, the smile is gone after a second, or only reaches one side of his lips.  This smile, though, is open-mouthed and showing a bit of teeth and a teasing tongue.  Sherlock's face is slack, his eyes unfocussed, lazy, just like it is the rare times he gets drunk.  Definitely high on lorazepam.
John is split between incredulity and irritation.  "You really thought about it, yeah?  This isn't just... a fantasy.  You thought about us moving here permanently."
Mycroft's visits never last long, unless he and Sherlock are in the mood to fight as viciously as they can.  Five minutes later, after assuring Sherlock he would wait for him to announce the news to their parents, and shaking John's hand, congratulating him once more -and really, John should learn to hide his surprise better because he doesn't miss Mycroft's amused gaze- Mycroft leaves, a deafening silence replacing him.  Eventually, John sits in his -
Sherlock has lifted himself on one elbow, lying his head in the crook of his hand while the other jacks John's cock slowly.  He seems fascinated.  "Although I already had an orgasm," he explains, voice still raw form all the groaning earlier," this excites me enough for my penis to try getting hard again.  Your dick is lovely, John, bigger but also a little longer than mine.  Oh... I like it, your pre ejaculate is sliding on my fingers and it's... I don't know why but I want to taste it."
Sherlock nods.  John presses his forehead against his.  It is damp and hot.  “You can do it.  Sage is ready; your body will tell you what to do.  Don’t fight it.  I promise I won’t let anything bad happen to you or the baby.  I promise.”
"Sherlock, I get it," John cuts him out.  "Wow.  It's...will you call me an idiot if I tell you I'm a little overwhelmed by everything we need to do?"
"That poor man, he didn't even have time to think if he should call the police or tell his superior," John groans, rubbing his forehead.
Sherlock Holmes doesn't get paint in his hair, doesn't spill a single drop.  Of course, John should have known.  Plus, he manages to still look somewhat distinguished while wearing an old university hoodie - mint green, which gives his eyes a mysterious, very sexy glow, accentuating their cat-like shape - and a pair of paternity jeans.  He rolls his eyes when John points out he could ruin them.  "Then I'll buy another pair," he points out as if it is so evident John is an idiot to mention it.  Ah, Sherlock and his complete disdain toward money, which can only be explained by the fact he’s never had to worry about it.  It is frustrating, especially for John, who's family was very modest and where each saved penny counted, but cannot be held against him.  He just doesn't know.
"Yes," Sherlock says with excitement.  "There is a gardening shop less than a mile away from the airport.  She must have been working there, with the quantity of phosphorus covering her hair."
I hope I did not offend anyone who has a child, or a loved-one, with Down Syndrom.  I myself am the mother of an autistic child and am around some teenagers with Down syndrom.  I meant to be respectful, and if it wasn't the case, it was unvolontary.
Sherlock gives John a short but triumphant look.  He had predicted it.  "The newspapers were silent about the body that was discovered; not enough information to ask for the public's help so Scotland Yard kept it to itself.  But you know your wife is dead, Mr. Beeks.  And you know where her body was found."
"So, evidently, the first thing we need to do is find an androcologist.  I trust you have enough contact to direct us toward the most competent of them, although sadly, the choice isn't as wide as one could hope so, and we live in London, not some back country village away from the capital. I do believe, given my dearest brother's position and with your help, we will be able to find someone at least decent to care for me and the embryo's health.  The first appointment should at least include complete blood work, and..."
"I am allowed a certain amount every month.  If I need more, I have to justify my expenses.  I can't even access my account without my brother's signature. The first couple of years he never complained because I needed that much supervision.  But then, I got better, began working with the Yard, and he has come to hate it, all those detailed reports he needs to write and those rules he has to follow. For all the power Mycroft has, this  isn't something he can make disappear, even now that I have become an... active member of society.  But it's been a long way, John."
What John has so much difficulty stating in words, he has no trouble showing.  He undresses Sherlock slowly, taking care of kissing each patch of skin he reveals, until the other man is laid bare in front of him, his beautiful long cock resting on his flat stomach, the dark pink tint of it contrasting with the paleness of Sherlock's skin, smooth and soft, everywhere except for the callous of his musician's hands.
"What do you want?" is what he says, a snappy, edgy bark.  Regretting it immediately, he closes his eyes and tries to calm down by taking a series of deep breathes.
Sherlock lifts his head.  His eyes are covered in mist, making them softer than usual.  "You huh... you don't have to say that."
Mycroft had thought it would be good to bring them the news in person; more accurately, he had been commanded by their worried parents, who needed him to report back on how Sherlock really was.The reason they haven’t left yet is because of the weather wreaking havoc outside.  In the afternoon, the cold rain had turned to hail, accompanied by thunder and lightning strikes - some hailstones were as big as grapes.  John had been worried Sherlock would insist they leave immediately, especially since he had heard on the radio the motorway they needed to use to get back was a complete disaster because of water accumulation, and that the rush hour would be very difficult.
Sherlock begins to turn.  It is evident he wants to face John, and also evident he’s having trouble manoeuvring his clumsy, spent body.  John helps, as gently as he can, unable to hide his smile at Sherlock, rolling his eyes at himself in exasperation, short of breath as much from the sex than from the simple act of rolling in bed.
If Sherlock is still thinking about the case, it isn’t because of the outcome, or the role he played.  He cannot help but identify himself to Alexandra, and has told John very frankly how frightened he is of suffering from post-partum depression.  He is, after all, prone to violent mood swings, pregnant or not.  He also has a history of mental issues, and is being more and more open about it.  While John understands that, yes, Sherlock’s mental health is fragile, and must be handled with care, he is not especially worried. It has been more than two years since he touched any sort of drugs, and Sherlock himself admits that his depressive episodes have decreased in number and intensity ever since he and John got together.  Besides, as John keeps telling him, as they are both aware of Sherlock’s vulnerability, they will be able to catch any early sign of the baby-blues that could transform into something worse.
"I take it that you two know I am not especially fond of following what social norms expect of me when I am offered something.  It often seems insufficient.  Of course, it doesn't mean a simple thank you from my part isn't just as heartfelt as a more extravagant physical demonstration of my gratitude."
John does feel better, although he is sore all over and slightly nauseous.  He has permission to eat, and to his surprise, practically inhales his breakfast - then manages to keep it down, which is even better.  It is a bit alarming, though, to find himself completely exhausted after something as simple as eating.  He knows it is normal after suffering a critical haemorrhage, he's told patients not to worry about it countless times.  It's something else, though, when it happens to you.  There might be some lesson to draw from it, but John is too tired to follow that thought.
"It this alright?" He asks, although he already knows the answer.  Sherlock has lifted himself on his elbows to look, tilting his head so that his belly isn't in the way.  John had discovered, early on, that giving him head is the quickest way to get him to come.
It is probably the distraction of Sherlock smelling his hair that makes it a few seconds of pinching and rolling his nipples before John realises something is different. They are slightly swollen, and still aren't completely erected.
Less than five minutes later, he's fast asleep.  His skin is a little too hot for John's liking but it will have to do.  Fever always goes up through the day, to reach its peak late in the night.
Sherlock frowns.  "Strange, but good, as exhausted as if I just ran a marathon, and very, very sensitive... in the genital area.  It hurts a little, but I am guessing it is a result of the intensity of the orgasm."
"Shit," John murmurs, already up and walking to the entry, sliding his feet into his shoes without unlacing them.  Sarah appears in the hallway, wearing her pj's and rubbing her eyes.
When he begins to speak, his voice is nothing but a tired murmur. "John... listen..." He doesn't go farther.  He rolls his eyes, sniffs, and grabs his mobile phone from his pocket.  "Lestrade," he says.  "He has something for me."
"Is it supposed to be a compliment?" Sherlock snarls.  "I am not a business nor a town built near a gold mine."
Caught up in his thoughts, John doesn't realise the cab has come to a stop until cold air hits his face.  Sherlock is already out, unlocking the front door, and the cabbie waits impatiently for John to pay the fare.
"If John is letting you have your way then I don't want to hear it.  How did Mycroft not see it this time?"
Guilt makes John's cheeks burn.  He should have more faith in Sherlock's capacity to care for the child he carries.  The man who pretends he doesn't have a heart has, again and again, shown how much bigger it is than average, because Sherlock doesn't do anything by half.  Not when it matters.
) he had suggested a walk before taking off.  His stomach feels a bit queasy and he hadn't been able to shake off what he calls his "sleep overdose lingering effects".  John accepts, because to tell the truth, his stomach feels a bit queasy too. The food had been good... maybe a little too good.
"I’m really, really looking forward to it," John says sincerely.  He's ridiculously touched, just imagining Sherlock determined to find a way to make his convalescence easier, knowing and accepting of John's fear of being useless, his belief he cannot be dependent on others without becoming a burden.
The hour is not what makes John hesitate.  The situation with Molly is... delicate.  She's been fragile, after the beginning of Sherlock and John's relationship, and without being angry or upset with John, it was evident she felt uneasy around him, especially if Sherlock was present (a nicer Sherlock, who had finally realised how badly he had treated Molly and played with her heart as a means to an end.)  She has come to warm up to John, though, and can even interact with Sherlock without being a blushing, stuttering mess.
Sherlock’s mouth quirks into a quick, satisfied smile.  “Who cares.  It was never my intention to actually give Moriarty the plans.  Obviously.”
Sherlock had calmed down, but he had remained moody and irritable.  He was too tired to do anything physical, even walks were reduced to rounding the cottage a couple of times.  He had already lost some of his newfound hunger before the Blair mess, and it got worst.  He made an effort, though, and it was almost painful watching him eat out of obligation.  All he did for four days was sit on the porch, in the old rocking chair, looking at the sea.  His mood did improve, but very progressively.  John couldn’t wait for Blair to be caught.  He had given it two days, three at most.  He knew the man wasn’t that much of a menace.  He knew they were protected, but he couldn’t shake off the fear of something going wrong, and his soldier hyper-awareness had prevented him from getting any good sleep or letting Sherlock out of his sight for more than a few minutes.
John keeps looking at Sherlock.  The pain is gone, and the grey veil isn't so dull now.  It's inviting, comfortable, like an old, worn out jumper.  Something from inside him spread warmth.
"Ok," John sits up, relieved.  He knows what is going on.  "Sherlock, it's been a while since we’ve done anything, hasn't it?"
"Yes, yes, I know," Sherlock cuts John off.  He's getting agitated.  "But how am I exactly supposed to...um...frequent my parents more?  I don't really know them, I wouldn't know where to start.  My twenties were a bad decade for me, the worse, to be honest.”
"What you are doing is positive reinforcement," Sherlock whispers.  "It is impossible to be a hundred percent certain." He tilts his head and kisses him, soft and affectionate.  "However, your belief is enough for me."
Oh god.  John is up and walking to the lobby, putting on his shoes, before he even thinks of answering.
And he will remain Sherlock, after all.  He'll never be "normal," not by the common standard anyway.   Maybe John is just as abnormal, though.  He's certainly damaged.  As for how he deals with his own feelings, it isn't brilliant.  He's impulsive, although he can manage to keep it inside. Anger is the main source of those impulses and, most of the time, John doesn't even know why he is angry, although it might very well be related to his relationship with his father, who had a bad temper that often rendered him violent, with his words as well as his fists.
He stretches his legs and turns on his side, his head supported by a brand new cushion.  John waits.  For something.  Any form of reaction.  Sherlock finishes his expose about the new heaviness of his sleep - something about the hypothalamus, he's lost John at some point - and takes his mobile from the
Good.  Sherlock.  Sherlock can help.  John is already pressing on the wound, hard, with both hands.  His teeth are chattering, his whole body is shaking.  Shock.  Already.
Just clearing the room takes them most of the day.  The living room in 221a is in need of a serious wash, and a new coat of paint wouldn't hurt.  John doesn't say it, but starts making plans to do the work himself, even if Sherlock points out it isn't urgent.  He deserves to have a proper place to work.  John might even team up with Mycroft.  It would be a nice new father present, having a real laboratory set up in here, well-lit and properly equipped -hell, they could even add a fridge to store Sherlock's precious experiments in progress and body parts.
John crushes their mouths together, smiling at Sherlock's startled grunt.  He doesn't participate much as first, but is quick to relax, then, finally, reciprocate, licking inside John's mouth, gently biting his bottom lip, then sucking on it.  His movements are inelegant and uncoordinated: he clashes his front teeth with John's a couple of times, but his inexperience is widely compensated by his resolute enthusiasm.  Sherlock kisses like he's chasing a suspect, giving himself wholly to it, body and mind, serious and driven and single-minded.
Mycroft stares at his fingers as if they were suddenly the most fascinating thing in the world.  He snorts derisively.  “He would be absolutely delighted to hear me worry like this. Makes for good humiliating material for future banter.”
They take the path behind the house leading to a small park almost deserted on Christmas day.  Sherlock, who hasn't let go of John's hand since they left the house, looks around, breathing deeply, seemingly happy to feel better and to get a little exercise.  Solving crime from his flat hasn't been much fun, and John lying to Lestrade about a persistent flu virus,  hadn't been either.
(Then again, this is another example of the contradictions defining Sherlock.  Not liking being touched apparently doesn't apply when it comes to everybody else's personal space.  There is a world between Sherlock being touched and Sherlock touching, but is it really that surprising for a man who needs to be in control so badly?)
John would take all the inconveniences just to feel the rush of adrenaline that came with Sherlock’s work, all the aspects of it.   He tried not to bother for the fact that he had been from the start sexually attracted by Sherlock.  Who wouldn’t be attracted by the too pale skin surrounded by those dark curls, the ridiculously plump lips, the eyes - piercing, stunning.  And those cheekbones... John thinks he likes Sherlock's elegance even more than his delicate, lovely features, though; he moves his long, thin body with a grace that’s almost otherworldly, wearing those stupidly expensive clothes which he likes fitting,
In The Final Problem, we witness a Mycroft completely out of his depts, who doesn't want to handle a gun, is deeply disturbed by the events and has to be led by Sherlock thorough the whole "game" Eurus has prepared for them.  However, in season three's The Empty Hearse, Mycroft is the one who personally takes care of retrieving Sherlock from his Serbian captors, and although he states he doesn't like legwork, he still seems at ease with infiltrating a dangerous underground group not affraid to torture their prisonners and to rescue his young brother.
True to his word, Sherlock allows himself to be as lazy as he wants, but it doesn’t mean he is completely inactive. If he doesn’t touch anything related to the Work, he plays a lot of violin, and composes, too.  He admits to John he wants to transmit his love of music to their daughter, the sooner the better.  Music is important in his life.  It should be important for Sage too.
("There are no facts, no certainties, love.  That's part of what makes loving someone so unnerving, but also fantastic, in my opinion.  Anyway, I'm not interested in a Sherlock that would follow some equation instead of just go with what his gut tells him. This is way more interesting."
Sherlock replies by biting the delicate skin of John's neck.  He hisses, but doesn't protest, given how the desire pooling in his guts suddenly starts to fill his cock.  Huh.  Looks like Sherlock isn't the only one into - reasonable- biting.
John steps in front of the chair, tilting his head down.  Sherlock lifts his, still staring at him in complete perplexity. Careful to move slowly, John cups Sherlock's face, holding it delicately between his hands.  The skin is soft and warm.  John’s heartbeat picks up again, but this time, it’s not from nervousness.
“Me?  Of course I am.  Oh.  Is it about the scrubs? I just borrowed them because my clothes were drenched in water.”
John had only been aware of Sherlock's own nightmares when they began sharing a bed together.  They are very rare, if Sherlock is being honest about them, and more often than not happen when he sleeps from exhaustion after a case, and it is only because John is programmed to wake up when he feels Sherlock doing the same that he knows it.  Sherlock mumbles and groans during his nightmares; most of the time, though, the rest of his body, although bearing a certain tension, remain immobile. Whether it’s John waking him up or Sherlock doing it by himself, the only clue he wasn't having a pleasant dream is the silent gasp he lets out and the way his eyes snap wide open.  He never tells John what he was dreaming about, and John, who does the same, cannot blame him.
Sherlock's eyes open.  His expression changes from frustration to cautious interest.  "Go on," he says.
Sherlock frowns again.   His shirt and vest have been thrown on the floor.  He lies back next to John, exposing his upper body.  John tries not to stare.  He knows Sherlock has become very self-conscious lately, after too many comments on his weight lost and protruding bones.  John hadn't realised he was upsetting him, too busy being upset himself by said weight loss and protruding bones.
He's presented a tiny leaf which has a vague minty taste with a hint of pepper -mostly it tastes like a leaf.  It gets caught between his back teeth and he tries not to show it, as Sherlock watches it with expectation.
John lets out a shaky laugh and kisses Sherlock's head.  "Just remember that I love you, yeah?  Whatever happens, I will keep loving you.  You can make it as difficult as you want, it doesn't change anything."
"Yes, I am going to hug you now," Sherlock warns him dramatically, pulling Mycroft into what must the gawkiest hug in the history of the world.  Sherlock's hips are twisted to try and get his belly out of the way with very little success, so Mycroft's upper body is pressed against his own, his carefully combed head shoved into his chest, and he is standing on his toes just to keep his balance.  After a long, awkward moment, he relaxes a little and wraps his arms around Sherlock's waist, patting his back -what he can reach, anyway.
John calls a cab, then dials Sherlock's number. He gets the voicemail, which is full, so he can't even leave a message.
Sherlock gets out of John's soft grasp and makes a move to stand up, but John has seen it coming and is quick to grab him by the upper arms, careful not to hurt him but holding him with enough strength that Sherlock would need to fight to free himself; John knows he doesn't have the energy.
