Siger digested that.  “But he loves you,
Sherlock nodded thoughtfully.  “And the possibility that he may have used Harry Watson’s genetic material in his attempt is why you did not want John here?  Mycroft, sentiment?”
Now it was John’s turn to snort.  Then he came to the bedside, checking into the two cribs before bending low to give his son a kiss goodnight.  “Sleep well, Siger sweet,” he said, “Do you want a night light?”
He’d just stopped at the Tesco’s for milk (and some things never do change, - with three children they would always run out), when a sparkling clean black vehicle had pulled up. His mobile rang, the unlisted number familiar enough, and the voice of family speaking, “Get into the car, John.” Then as an obvious afterthought, “Please.”
“The red hair,” Mycroft sighed.  If only he’d his mother’s eye for shades that went with what Mycroft saw as the family’s burden.
James was only James.  Mother did not like nicknames, at least not for James.  And never was he allowed to be called “Jim”.  One of the nannies had called him Jaimie once.  He had liked that.  But Mother had been watching.  Mother was always watching.  And Mother told James that was why the nannie had to leave.  James needed to learn how to treat servants, and that included preventing familiarity.
Mother liked to quote someone - James could tell it was quoting.  “‘In a world of locked rooms, the man with the key is king,’ James.  Information is the key.”  James knew that information on Siger and his Daddy was important to keep from Mother.
Letting himself in at the black painted front door of two hundred twenty one B, his first thought was that Mrs. Hudson must be having company.  While Mrs. Hudson did tend toward baking, she could whip up excellent casseroles, and the smell that filled the front hallway was of a roast, a lovely piece of savory meat.  John’s mind conjured up images of mushy peas and mash to go with it.  His stomach growled.
“Yes?” he raised his eyebrow at her.
Sometimes the guns they practiced with were made to be quieter.  Long guns, which Mother really liked, and handguns.  Mother had the range master show James how he built the cartridges specially to make less noise.  Mother and he had made sure James understood about the loss of power, and the change in accuracy for each different type of cartridge and bullet.
“Siger observed.  That doesn’t always mean just using your eyes, John,” Sherlock said before sipping.  He sighed in satisfaction, then asked, “And the farmer, Mr. Gurdy, called back later about it?”
“Obviously you’ll have to get back on the plane and fly straight to London. Neatness in Canada!  What will happen to you next?” Sherlock drawled from his sprawl on the couch.
“Besides,” John told him, “How often do people get frivolous things for Mycroft?”
“Well, let’s see if I can manage it first, shall we?” Bert smiled and laughed.
Oliver’s walk over was calm, but his reach for the radio link was not.  The duffle was confiscated, three other security guards, two of whom had been on friendly terms with Miranda before this, one that she didn’t know at all, arrived looking grim, and in no time at all Miranda was sitting in a plain white room on a hard plastic chair.  The officer from the Met who elicited an account of Miranda’s entire day looked her with hard eyes and an equally grim mouth before removing her to the station.
“It doesn’t look comfortable.  Sort of tight in the wrong places.  What is it made of?  Polyester?” Greg Lestrade did not touch the sweater.  Men don’t do that, after all.  Not unless they are tailors, and even then not out on a night at the pub.  Thinking that he was grateful that Mycroft’s sweaters were all supremely soft, he took another look at John’s sweater to try to suss out which was the figure signifying Ugly Christmas Jumper.
Well.  Scrubbing a hand through his greying hair, John Watson thought that perhaps he’d best get supper started.  He might not be able to check the children’s homework, but he could make certain that they’d get their suppers on time.  Tonight he’d ask Sherlock to explain the formulas.
“Ho, ho, ho, my elves take care of that, little boy.  Siger, was it?”
After that there was tea with milk and sugar in it, a small sandwich with fish paste in the middle, and one of Aunt Harriet’s Currant Rocks.  Siger was not going to complain about not understanding if he was able to have a special tea with it.  He would ask Daddy to read it again at bedtime.
Now Miranda was thinking of how it would be done, the theft of the Crown of Flowers.  What possible use could there be in framing Miranda for the theft.  No one had been near the pedestal.  Well, not near enough to touch the glass, which was wired with pressure sensitive devices.  Miranda kept her knowledge of the security precautions to herself.  It could only confuse matters if she started explaining.
“Oh.  You’re already there.  Yes. It does look terrible. No, it wasn’t one of Sherlock’s experiments.
The whump woke Siger.  His bed was soft beneath him, warm - so he must have been sleeping for some time.  At first he thought he must have dreamed the sound or feeling; he was not sure which.  Silence rang - aside from the soft snuffling of his sisters in their cots, and Will in the crib.  The silence was rendered inert by cries from outside in the street, then Siger realized that car alarms had been blaring all that time.  How had he not heard them?
“Mine and Siger’s,” Bert Tran responded.  Catching them out of his pocket, he flicked them both on, and inserted Siger’s into a tiny pocket in the back of the toddler’s bright blue romper.  Bert's own he stuck under the leg of his jeans, down the top of his plain black, cotton sock.
closed the door quietly, and when they had walked back to the sitting room he said, “Miranda gave Lambkin to Rosalind while you were in your bath.  I think she had to look through that great pile in her bed to find him.  She made it very evident that she needed to go downstairs to her sister.”
by Charles Dickens that was available on DVD with his husband, Mycroft Holmes.  If there was a production of the epic Christmas story available, his Mycroft would purchase it.  This went for any of the plays of William Shakespeare as well.
asked as he swept Daddy around the room.
Siger carried it carefully, and handed it up to his father.
“What?  This?” the doctor gestured broadly at the hideous jumper that adorned his torso.  The sleeves were rolled up, as they were much too long.  The body of the item was too long as well, and it fit John like a tunic.  The neck fitted John well enough, but was a shawl collar, and seriously out of style, as were the long cuffs and hem.  The yarn use was not only awful to look at, a melange of greens and reds, of purples and golds, of blues and silvers, but there was a cacophony of strange and twisted shapes knitted into the hideous mauve background.  “It’s my new ugly Christmas Jumper.”
They went back to look at the picture of the creature on the platter ready to be carved and served.  “Siger,”
The flat was empty of Mrs. Hudson.  Her cloth shopping sacks were missing.  Mrs. Hudson was at the shops.  Flipping the bolt on her back door, turning the door light on - it was daytime now, but this might take some time - Sherlock spared a look out the back at the deserted, flagged back yard.  Empty as well.  Sherlock set to work checking her flat for listening devices, before moving to examine the rest of the house.
Some day James would learn to use his mother’s L118A1.  She didn’t shoot it much in the range.  “There’s not enough room, James.  It is for accuracy at a distance, and there’s not much of that here in the basement.”
“You’re what?  Going to wait and speak to the adjuster?  Alright.  No, I have no idea how they got called in so quickly.”  John began to laugh.  “Yes, it must have been the Holmes magic.
That satisfied the three year old, who went back to the film.  Mycroft glanced over at his spouse.  “You’re not watching the film,” the tall, thin man commented quietly.
“Visual abuse,” Sherlock said shortly.
John grumped.  “Is it bigger than a paramecium?”
asked, “What box are we speaking about?”
waved his hand, and a taxi stopped.  Siger was used to this, as taxis always stopped for
Anthea, Mrs. Hudson, Anna, and George (Mycroft’s driver and primary bodyguard) each had their own rooms, and the remaining four were packed with more bodyguards and the household staff.  Considering that the children were wildly outnumbered by those observant and dedicated men and women, three of the five managed to escape adult notice fairly consistently.
“Where is Lestrade?” For a man who despised repetition, this was a sentence that Sherlock Holmes voiced with regularity.  It wasn’t that John was particularly tired of hearing that phrase.  The doctor had been running all over London after his partner for a fortnight now.  Brief breaks at home to see the children and update the blog were not enough to maintain adequate physical health when combined with too little sleep.  And fast food.
“That boy is stealing,” Siger pointed at a young, unkempt child in a dirty, if expensive and fashionable, hoodie.
“Daddy played a clarinet?” Siger found that idea exciting.
That brought a smile.  Siger was familiar with the story of that time in their lives.  “What was your first word, Dad?” the boy asked.
The day that Siger got sick was the day he played at being a bee with
Flaming pudding topped with holly leaves frightened the two littlest girls, bringing shrieks and tears until John and Aunty Harry removed Ross and Miri.
put the pajamas on under protest, and then sat in bed with the covers pulled tight around him.  Daddy stuck a thermometer in
“There’s a man,” the girl told him, “He has visited the loo twice since we took off, and he keeps watching you while he’s in line.”
That got a belly laugh.  “Nova Scotia, but I was born in the middle of a blizzard.”
)”.  Generally, though, Siger did the selection.
Not long after the “Merry Christmas” blog post, a package arrived for John in the mail.  “What exactly is that supposed to be?” Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade asked the doctor as they sat down together for a pint of lager.
“Is this the day that we put up the fairy lights, Daddy?” Siger whispered toward his father’s ear.  Siger’s whisper was usually quieter than Miri and Ross’s attempts.  Today, the red haired little boy was having difficulty maintaining his excitement.  It was Christmas!  Or almost.
Not sure how long this link will last, but here's the set.  http://thumbs.ebaystatic.com/images/g/dSwAAOSwiYFXIUnu/s-l225.jpg
(See the end of the chapter for
both tickled him into bed and under the covers.
John Watson shivered, for all that he was wrapped in an orange shock blanket.  Mrs. Hudson had come ‘round, and was similarly wrapped, her head laid in John’s lap as they sat on the ground in the car park, waiting for the ambulance.  A taxi pulled up, looking oddly out of place here in the almost deserted industrial area, and a tall, lanky figure stepped out, then hurried toward them.
“Oliver,” Miranda looked over to the guard, a large, dark skinned, handsome man that she’d sketched on more than one occasion - though she wasn’t supposed to be drawing the security staff, she knew that.  “Oliver, someone stuffed something into my duffle.”
John Watson closed his laptop.  It was not a slam, not quite.  Digging in his duffle, he found tooth brush and powder and headed for the en suite loo.  “I expect,” John told his lover pointedly, while waving the brush in Sherlock’s direction, “that you will make this whole awful evening up to me.”  The blond-haired doctor closed the door to the loo behind him, giving his genius time to come up with a plan that would engender a somewhat better feeling.
‘Do you think being the poor kid in the class made John-Matthew particularly alienated?’
‘I am bisexual.  Does that bother you?’
Mr and Mrs Allen are a quiet, soberly dressed couple who look older than their years.  They both have faces like Lancashire cheese, and I don’t know whether this is as a result of worry about the loss of their only child, or their normal appearance.  They live in a tiny cottage on the hillside, set back above the luxurious villas of the incomers who have populated the village.  Their front garden is devoted to vegetables, not flowers.  They seem a fiercely practical couple.
‘Just you, Sherlock,’ I whisper back.  ‘Only you, for the rest of my life.’
He smiles, gives a small sigh.  His eyes skim the line of the hills.  In the distance, the fairytale turrets of the castle peep above the treetops.
‘Yep.  Wanna ask me how I know?’
John said, ‘I hate you.  Go away, you’re dead.’
There is a pair of little moles halfway down his throat that have always fascinated me.  They look a little like the puncture wounds that feeding vampires leave in Hammer Horror movies.  I’ve wanted to touch them for so long.  Now he presents them to me, virtually on a plate, and I can’t help but lick them hungrily.  He starts to tremble.
‘You’re dead,’ John snapped.
This has never happened to me before. Do I need to say that?  I mean, who the fuck
The shower is drumming water on the bottom of the bath.  Sherlock is humming to himself in his sweet, mellow baritone.  He sings Gilbert and Sullivan in the shower.  That’s another thing people would never guess about him.  Little morsels.  One day, I sometimes threaten when he is being especially objectionable, I will write an exposé on his secret habits.  He’ll sulk for a while and then laugh at me, because he knows I won’t tell the world he picks his nose when he’s watching University Challenge.
The next morning he was sitting on the edge of the bed with his back to me when I woke.  The pain in my knee hit me like a wall, and I must have grunted because he flinched, and his shoulders tensed up.  I ran my hand down his white back, letting my fingers linger over the nubs of his vertebrae.
‘John?’
Outside the tent, a boy is sitting on an old blanket.  He has a drum in his hands, the shallow kind they play in Ireland.  He taps it half-heartedly.  He looks up as we approach and rolls his eyes.
‘No one wants to stop him doing that,’ I interject, putting on my ‘sympathetic doctor’ expression.  ‘But his parents are really worried about him.  You can imagine.  We’d just like to establish that he’s safe, that’s all.’
‘Seems like the sensible next step.’
I have the sea bass, because it is too hot to eat steak.  Sherlock steals morsels off my plate.  He has the scallops.  He eats delicately, nibbling.  I can tell he isn’t really interested, just putting on a show for me.  I order the assiette of sweets.  He is more keen to steal mouthfuls of that.  Which is why I ordered it.  You have to be cunning to get calories inside him.
‘Yes,’ he whimpers.  ‘Oh yes, do it, do it!’
He steps forward and wraps his arms around my neck, rests his head against my forehead with a sigh.
‘Oh, no, I wouldn’t be involved.  I told him it was cruel and wrong.  Against Coven rules.  Remember the Charge of the Goddess, I said.  “An it harm none”, Jonny.’  She looked extremely sad.  ‘He wouldn’t listen.  Next thing I knew, it was all over the evening news that he’d disappeared.’
‘Sometimes,’ Sherlock observes, ‘I find that the people who appear to be the most sure about things are actually the least confident in their conclusions.’
be given the chance), but right now, it doesn’t seem a sensible pre-hike strategy.
The words lay between us on the pillow, a solemn lattice of intent.  I knew what he meant, but it was a heavy burden to bear, the weight of this extraordinary man’s life on my shoulders.  To know that my end would deprive the world of him too.  A double grief.  You’d think it would be flattering, but it’s not.  I want him to go on, to continue being the vibrant, thrilling, infuriating creature that I love, but he won’t be that man without me to provide the fire in his belly.
Inside there are three condoms and three sachets of lube.  All that bladder trouble this morning in town?  Not bladder trouble at all.  The bugger was searching for a condom machine!  He planned this all along.
I stare at him.  The question is now dawning on me.  I know that Sherlock never does anything unless he will be utterly perfect at it.  The thing is, you don’t learn to deep throat by reading a book.
He tows me to the bank, and we stagger up through the grass, legs like jelly from the chill.  Then he turns and takes my hands in his, and begins to walk backwards, tugging me behind him.
‘Oh, you bad man!’
Sherlock perches on the edge of the sofa and looks at the lad carefully.
‘Look, this is new to me, but I don’t want you going without.’  I slide my hand down his body, over his belly, and find him taut and twitching.  He sighs.
This seems highly unlikely.  ‘Really?’
‘It’s a nice place.’
Since there is no alternative, we lug our bags up the stairs.  The room is bright and airy, with a huge sash window that looks out over the garden and down the valley, where a tractor is labouring up the side of the hill like a flea on a dog’s back, bailing the last of the year’s straw.
‘What are you thinking?’
When it comes, my climax takes even me by surprise, violently bursting out of me with even less warning than I had expected.  I writhe and scream his name, and it feels like my balls are being ripped off with silk.  I ejaculate comprehensively down his long, sinuous throat while he clings to my pelvis, fastened on like a limpet and emitting a droning noise that denotes sexual delight.  He has to push me down with all his weight to stop me bucking both of us off the bed.  He sucks me dry and then slurps off me, smacking his lips, and I lie there, whimpering with shock and pleasure.  He slides up the bed and lies at my side, watching my chest heave, watching me suck air in through my gaping mouth like a beached fish, helpless and boneless.
‘Try to be nice,’ I warn him as we slam the car doors.
‘I’m sorry.’
‘You mean, was he gay?’  He gives me a shrewd look.  ‘No.  Definitely not.’
‘No, Sherlock.  I need to be here when the builders arrive, and I’m not getting up at 4am when I’ve shagged you the night before.  There are limits.  Especially with my knees.’
‘Well, yes.’
Sherlock went out and bought more.
‘Please?’
it,’ I tell him as I pull him against me.  ‘I’ve never done it before.’
And I opened it.
And he sets off back down the slope again, leaving me bewildered in front of the meagre altar.
‘I don’t know how you can,’ he says.
‘I thought you’d passed out,’ he says.
In which the boys go wild swimming, Sherlock displays the grace of an otter, and John, well, doesn't.
‘You always have a choice, my darling.’  It is the first time he has used such an affectionate term towards me, and it sends a little shiver down my spine.  Impetuously, I pull him into my arms and look up into his sky-blue-sea-green-silver eyes.
The rest of the accommodation could be flexible, though Sherlock moaned on about wanting beams, despite my pointing out that he always cracks his head on them.
I stumble to the river’s edge and watch him feeling his way, edging up to his knees and then thighs.  The hairs on his legs squiggle flat with water, droplets making crystal globes on the pale flesh.  I detect goosebumps on his forearms from the shock of the sudden cold.
John-Matthew clearly feels he must act the host.  He passes out the tea.  It is strong, but not bad and certainly very refreshing after that long walk.  We sit for a little longer in silence.
‘Okay, come home, and I’ll spread jam on them again.’
‘Thanks, that would be most helpful.’
‘He’s a good boy,’ she is saying.  ‘He just wants to find out more about the world, that’s all.’
Jesus, Sherlock, I want to kiss you.  I want to stand up and grab your lapels and drag you across this table and snog you senseless right here, in the middle of this pretty little restaurant garden, surrounded by all these people, who will stare, and I don’t care, because I want to kiss you so much.
‘Yes, but at least you knew I was alive.’
‘You don’t understand.’
And just as I reach the point where I think this couldn’t get any better, Sherlock does the unthinkable.  He stretches out that magnificent throat, opens wide, and takes me right up to the hilt.
He reaches out, hesitates, fingers hovering close.  ‘Can I touch you?’
Okay, I’m not ashamed to say it.  Yes.  I cried.
‘I think he just wanted to find out,’ Josh goes on, following my look.  ‘Like your mate.  Wanted to find out about the world.  His mum and dad weren’t too keen on him doing that.  They wanted him to have a good education, yeah, but like, it was only so’s he could go and be a missionary somewhere.  Jonny dint want to be a missionary.’
Sherlock kicked off his shoes and climbed in.
‘What are you doing?’ I shout after him.
‘Stop wriggling,’ he grumbles.
(Well, I can’t complain about the last bit, really, can I?)
His pale eyes open, blink against my chin, lashes brushing the skin, making a little tingle that goes straight to my cock.  I hold my breath.  Too late.  He has obviously just worked it out.
‘Yes!’ he gasps.
‘I want you,’ he breathes in my ear in a hot gust.  And just to seal the deal, he tips his hips up and his erection pokes my thigh.
John was dressed much like the others in this group.  A fairly plain jumper over a plaid or patterned button-down and denims.  Several had polos on under polar fleece open hoodies.  None in anything that remotely looked like a uniform, and all with layered clothing.  Was every man back from Afghanistan always cold?
The detective growled.   John hurried to say, “Ross, we’ll make sure you get to talk to Uncle Mycroft.  Especially now that we’ll put the Baby monitors away.”
In all fairness, Siger did choose books specifically for Rosalind and Miranda each night.  Usually.  Ordinarily.
“And we didn’t learn any new words from him,” Rosalind pouted from her top bunk.
(See the end of the chapter for
And that was the problem, so far as the guidance counselor had told Siger.  Oh she’d not said it with words.  It was all the non-verbal cues.  “Thank you for your concern, Mrs. Jenkins,” Siger leaned forward disarmingly, his eyes wide and honest, “but I do have support at home, and if uni is too much for me, I’ll have options.”
did not care about his clothing. “The stains will come out, John, or they won’t,” had been his response the last time Siger had gotten grass and mud stains on his knees.  Siger tried hard to remember those words, so that he could use them the next time he got busy in the dirt. He liked to have a response ready for Daddy.
had emphasized how wet the wood was.  “They could not build a fire,
Struggling up to the sill with Will’s weight encumbering him, Siger slid one leg over and felt for the wooden rung.  Standing on that, clinging to the painted sill, he cautiously slipped the other leg over until both feet stood on that single rung before starting slowly down one foot to the next bit of wood, then the second foot joining it.    When they’d practiced, he and Daddy and Miri and Ross, Siger had scampered down the rope ladder.  Daddy had said that.  Siger liked the word, and he’d used it for weeks afterward.
Sometimes the dreams were of the fall, and John’s shout of horror echoing in his own ears.  Other times it was silence and staring down at the still body at his feet, fumbling to discover a pulse, a thread to connect his best friend, his partner, to life.  Finding nothing.
Siger walked with his hand in John’s, singing softly.  It was a melody of his own devising, that included lyrics made up of “rain” and “sky” and “cold”, “Watson” and Holmes”.
“Alright,” Siger said quietly.
munted adj. an extreme state of intoxication by way of drugs or alcohol such that the subject's ability to perform basic tasks such as walking and talking are significantly impared. (Urban Dictionary)
Mycroft Holmes tracked the black Belmont as it approached the derelict dock area.  His staff were immediately behind in a plain, white van marked for emergency road service.  For once he was grateful at the lack of imagination in many of the criminal class.  Imagination tended to throw kinks into patterns.  Though there were always kinks.  Mrs. Hudson’s abduction had been just such a surprise, and they’d lost track of the Belmont on CCTV while she was being picked up.  Then her transponder had flickered on and blinked in concert with John Watson’s right next to it on the GPS.
“Yes, Daddy,” Siger pushed away from Father Christmas and hopped down.  “I need the loo, Père.”
John's moodiness is noticed.
“Very good,” the doctor said as he stepped past the door with a tray.
“Does this mean I have to motivate myself to find a gift for your sister, Harriet?” Sherlock sounded horrified.
The patron, his nondescript face, hair, and clothing likely to fade into the crowd but for the large, irregular black mole on his forehead, reached for the thick old tome with fingers crowned by nails bitten to the quick.  “He,” the man began, and John thought that even his voice was non-descript, “How does he know?”  There was desperation in his tone.
John’s black look in return, “On Christmas Eve you ask me this?” he said darkly.
“John,” he called, “Why is it that we buy Rosalind her own toys, and she insists on playing with Siger’s?”
Next to John - across the center - were a family.  Two female adults and a small person.  The girl was probably about eight or nine years old.  She handled the process of luggage and seating with the air of experience, and was reading something from her iPad.  Her adults were chatting quietly, though one was clutching at her armrest.
Daddy read the card, “Dear Siger, and Rosalind, and Miranda.  This is an Avon First Nativity set, which is good for babies as well as big brothers.  It is made to be played with,and can go in the tub, as well as be played with on the rug.  Merry Christmas, Mary Watson and Jack Watson and Mary Morstan.”
“Not a stuffed animal, Siger?  If we get these for Miri, should we get a pair for Rosalind as well?” Sherlock asked.
“Yeah!,” John called back. “I’ve got my daughter with me.”
Yes, wishfic.  But you can not tell me Mycroft would not take care of Greg's family.  Especially the ones with his brother's blood in them.
“Over and over, the whole time we were at the store and that awful woman with the gum disease was shouting at him.  He didn’t swear or anything, just kept saying that over and over.” Siger said seriously, his red curls tumbled about his face.
Sherlock Holmes found John’s army “buddies” largely tedious.  He was polite.  Well, he was as polite as he needed to be without becoming effusive enough to tip John off.  They were “enjoying a pint” at a pub as far away in London as one could get from Baker Street.  Not that Sherlock didn’t know this pub.  The denizens of the pub would not have recognized him, dressed in his aubergine button down and tailored trousers and jacket.  He’d never brought John here.
awake, and then helped him up and into the bedroom.  Siger got to help by finding
Ross seconded, “He doesn’t have facial hair.  Or body hair.  Or a bigger eyebrow ridge than me and Miri.”
“Fair enough,” John grinned.
In their bedroom, each piece laid out out on the sage green duvet, was a complete outfit, trousers, a soft pastel shirt with feminine tailoring, a likewise tailored blazer, trouser socks, and sensible black flats.  In John’s shoe size.  It was with a heavy sigh that John started to carefully pull his jumper over his head without touching his face.
“Did you have a nap?”
“Can we really afford for me to go to college?” Siger really did not want to join the army.
Cuddles did not expect the human missile launched at him when he opened the Belmont’s boot.  Surprised, off balance, he fell backward onto the cracked blacktop, the back of his head connecting hard with the asphalt.  He was being choked, a belt or something throttling him.  Clever lad, this doctor.
I have never been either to Saint Mary's or to Saint Cyprian's.  Someday I would like to, just because I had to look them up for this series of stories.  Any flaws or inaccuracies in their descriptions are due to my overworked imagination.
I love BAMF John Watson.
John Watson giggled.  Sherlock loved that sound.  “Alright,” John said, sitting back, “I’ll get started on breakfast, while you get the children going.”
Moving to sit in an antique rocking chair that he knew was actually resting in Mycroft’s over decorated house, the consulting detective drew long fingers along the brightly painted ridgeline of his pirate ship dolls’ house.  So.  Siger was looking for self autonomy.  How should they handle this first intentional foray into providing for loved ones.  It was, he thought uncertainly, to be encouraged.
Sherlock Holmes, his head bent over the microscope on the kitchen table, did not answer.  It might be that he was deep in concentration.  However, John had seen the slight twitch the consulting detective had given.  Even John could not miss it.  Siger had seen it as well.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Soft!  Fluffy! Rainbows!” the preschooler cried, and his father typed those words in to the search bar.
To have to go to bed by day?”
“Apis Mellifera,
of the books his children owned.  Just the titles that were loved in particular.
Now, his
Miri, who had been busily coloring with Ross turned her head.  “I want to help too!” came out louder than John was comfortable with in church.  He leaned closer to the girls, and his “shhh” was practically inaudible.  This wasn’t their cue for absolute silence.  John used that only when it was an emergency, and there had been a big discussion on being quiet or not voicing observations for the sake of politeness, and refraining for urgent, possibly dangerous reasons.
Miri, who was at a messy stage, gave her big brother a sloppy, wet kiss when he showed her the card he had made for her.  Ross tried to grab hers.  “No, Ross.  Daddy will put this up on the shelf with the others.  But I’m glad you like it.  Even if you want to put it in your mouth.”  And he gave her a kiss. Then it was Miri’s turn.
“Why don’t I help you with that, Sir?” and the detective sergeant was taking the box.
“Père, I’m ready for bed now!”
The roar of the heater or  blower or whatever they called the thing, spewing heated air up into the gigantic envelope stretched round above them - blocking out the blue grey sky, well that noise added to the whip of the wind and made it impossible to hear anyone speaking.    John was uncertain whether he heard or imagined the creaking of the wicker basket, woven canes smooth under his clutching hand.  His dominant left hand stretched out to tether the fine leather of Sherlock’s belt.  The consulting detective was leaning perilously over the woven rim of the basket, those changeable eyes fixed on the curvature of the coloured panels of the hot air balloon.  Calculations spewed forth from the familiar mouth to be lost into the winds swirling around them.
Looking in the tall mirror after dressing, John was surprised to find that the shirt and blazer made him look slightly busty, the trousers were cut to make his rear stand out, and his hips to look curved.  Walking out into the sitting area, he found Sherlock giving the children a lesson on how to walk, first like a woman, and then like a man.  When the tall git caught sight of John in his new outfit, there was a tiny smile quirking the corner of those bee stung lips.  John shifted to throw out a hip and asked, “What’s next?”
“Oh.” John was nonplussed.  “Why are you cooking a roast then?  Did someone hide a murder weapon inside one, and you’re determining the rate of blood deterioration?  Was the roast a murder weapon used to bludgeon a victim?”
Daddy explained that Mrs. Hudson had two hips, but that one was bad.  Not a mean hip, but it did not work as it should.  So Mrs. Hudson could not carry him anymore.  Because Siger was growing up to be a big boy.
A tall, stork-like fishmonger reached an almost skeletal arm out to cries of “Jerry’s always starving, isn’t he?” and “That’s no surprise!” to pluck a cherry from the bowl.  Biting off the fruit, chewing, and swallowing, the men didn’t lean forward to watch until “Jerry” popped the stem into his mouth as well.  There were comments, and confusing predictions, and then - after an interminable amount of time, Jerry spat the stem out into his palm.  The short, flexible cherry stem had been tied into a knot.  By his tongue, Sherlock surmised.  It must have been.
“I do,” Mycroft told him gravely, “Though I am doing all I can to mitigate the disaster.”
“What do you think, Uncle Mycroft?” Siger asked excitedly.
“Er, yes,” John said as he tucked the pasteboard box under his right arm.  He jiggled his wallet out of the back pocket - Sherlock had told him time and again that it was not secure there, “any common pickpocket could filch it” - and struggled to open it one handed.
With the addresses supplied, it didn’t take Cuddles long to determine that the old bird and the blond bloke still lived at the same address.  221B Baker STreet.  The DI was no longer at his lodgings, but Cuddles trailed him from NSY to the address he had for the skinny ginger. Pricey digs.
Sherlock sighed.  Then he said, slowly and heavily, “We have been invited to Mycroft’s for Christmas Lunch this year.”
“I think the safe is waterproof, isn’t it?  The fire never got into the rest of the house, so it’s mostly water damage from the firefighters.  Speedys?  Well, Mr. Chatterjee’s insurance will have to cover that.  Um.  I don’t know if the shop has that kind of coverage.
“I do!  For Siger Holmes!  But I have a question about the household.  Do you know a Miss Miranda Watson?  Or a Miss Rosalind Watson?  Because I have mail for them, and I didn’t recognize those names,” the postman asked seriously.
Sherlock Holmes watched, unseen, as his partner and spouse examined his own image in the mirror.  John ran his hand through hair that was now more grey than blond.  Holmes knew that tarnished blond head, soft and scented of the herbal shampoo that he’d gifted to his husband for their anniversary.  The tall, thin, younger man breathed into that softness at night, curled around his husband and listening to the steady regular breathing of the sleeping man.
A huge beef roast graced the center of the table.  Brown, crisp fat gleamed in decoration of the large bones of the roast, filling the air with a savory odor.  “Daddy?” Siger’s attempt at a polite whisper over the buzz of conversation failed somewhat, as it came during a momentary lull.  “Do I have to try everything?”
“Well, there was the angel who spoke to Mary when he was telling her that baby Jesus was coming.  He said ‘Fear not’!,” Siger said after a small amount of thought.
“Give me a hand with these, would you please, Siger?  Let’s go up and see what your father has to say,” John held out an arm’s worth of bags.
“Like a knife?” Siger asked.
“I called him, and asked if we could come for dinner this weekend.  He is dying of curiosity about my sudden call.  He’s making a roast,” Sherlock threw off as he flounced back to the bedroom to get dressed.
“Flute!” Siger shouted and signed reaching up to take the package.
“Time for practice, James,” Mother held a hand out, which James eagerly took.  “Let’s see how well you do now that we’ve talked about trajectories.”
“Sherlock?” John said encouragingly, ignoring the heated glare from his partner.
Therefore he was sitting on a dusty, elderly cane-bottomed chair in the echoing stone walled wine-cellar, between the racks of reds. He still had signal, as such was the privilege of a man of his minor government officialdom. “Gregory!  How are you doing?” he spoke softly into the handset.
Still no question, no comment. Sherlock sank into his chair, leaning back, he crossed his legs, steepled long fingers before his face and stared at John, who was holding his laptop like a shield in front of him. The silence became deafening.
An interlude.
Raising one elegant eyebrow, Mycroft pointed out, “I didn’t say he placed them there.  John left them with me over a year ago.”  He had waited for months for Sherlock to noticed the tiny toys, and was pleased to have disconcerted his brother over such a small thing.
“Or Mycroft,”
Miranda was making a small mewling noise from her place in the bassinet.  As Sherlock picked her up, cuddling her to his fine broadcloth shirtfront, he did have to admit it sounded much like a kitten mewing for her mother.
“Well?” John Watson said.  At Siger’s blank look, he elaborated, “Let’s hear your growl then.  Don’t dragons roar?”
Rosalind Watson squawked at her big brother, but he held the card above his head and out of her reach.    Miranda Watson rolled over to them, and bumped against her sister, giggling.  That set Ross Watson giggling as well.
“Sherlock, would you please meet me at my office?” Mycroft asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
The sound started upstairs.  John and Sherlock were downstairs in their bed, sleeping soundly, when Miri started to cry.  She had a distinctive, thin, wailing and anguished way of crying.  They heard it through the monitor, and each was steeling himself to go up and handle it before she woke the others, when a soft sound came through the monitor, and Miri’s crying cut off.
was actively avoiding explaining it.
“Yes.  One moment, John,” Sherlock told him, “I’ll be right down.”
“At thirteen?  Yeah,” John admitted, “I did not aspire to higher at that point.  You feeling daunted?”
Sherlock said thoughtfully, “I do not recall my first words, as it was not something that Mummy or Father ever discussed with me.  I am certain that your Uncle Mycroft will have the answers.  He has my permission to answer your questions.”
The little boy craned his head to see the screen.  “And you, Pere?” he asked.
James examined his face in the mirror above the lav sink.  “I don’t look like Mother,” he said, uncertain.  Mother had blonde hair, wavy, carefully styled, where his was black and straight. When he woke up in the morning it would stick straight up.  He liked to pull his bangs down over the high forehead, but Mother had instructed him to leave the hair pushed back.  James hated that big forehead, or had until Siger told him it looked smart.  Prossie had agreed.  Prossie’s real name was Proserpine, which was pronounced “per-seff-oh-nee”, but she let James and Siger call her Prossie instead.  She hadn’t liked Persie.
“Yes, my son, it was was terribly inefficient.  Beyond amateur.” Sherlock loved the trusting face presented by his offspring.
Siger hummed  before asking, “What was Auntie Harry’s?”
“Yes, Daddy,” Siger dutifully retrieved the mobile and switched it off.  At his father’s request he tucked it into his Daddy’s back pocket, then picked up the bowl of carrot sticks from the sink and placed it before his sisters on the kitchen island.
Alice Brown had given Siger a blank book on his last birthday.  Siger had declared it was a Book For Later, and had his parents -- and really, any adult in the area -- make notations about things that Siger wanted to know about, but which subject was not on the Appropriate Scale for him at the moment.
“For learning the bones, Daddy,” Siger explained.
John Watson had not thought it would be anything other than a normal day. Considering that a normal day could include explosions, rampaging about the house in pursuit of a naked child, or three now, or spouse for that matter - for not particularly fun reasons, or an odd individual meeting with them on the street to seek out their help, normal was relative.
It took John Watson an extended period of time to realize that Sherlock Holmes was giving him gifts.  The items and services were sporadic, irregular.  They were often unsigned, and when they were labeled, it was frequently something like, “John!” or “Look at this!”  As though John did not have the wit to notice that the event or object was for him.
was dancing across the floor.  His feet, in brown boots that had heels and pointed toes, made noises on the wood, and less clompy sounds on the carpet.  They were pretty, the boots, - stitched with loops and swirls.  But Siger had never seen them before, so they weren’t from
“The Excesses of Christmas,” John laughed.  “Ugly Jumpers are on there.”
It would not hurt to fill some of these shelves with new material. The project would assist Sherlock in his duties as a father.  And provide reference for understanding the children’s peers when they reached school age.
Daddy informed
Examining samples, attempting to get his niece to look at dresses at first, that was painful.  The sales clerk was rather good, actually.  It took some effort, but eventually Miranda stole a glance at the cheerful young woman.  A showcase of hair bows and ties captivated the child.  Soon after that moment, the chatter began.
William yanked hard to get the wooden door open, holding the sagging beard to his face.  Pulling the chain to turn on the bare bulb above he began to look for a bottle, a jar, anything marked “spirit gum”.   He was damned jumpy. Hearing a shuffling behind him, he turned around.
“Because we’re kids,” pronounced Ross.
“Wouldn’t be a knight at this time of year, would it?” John packed his kit as another gunshot echoed through the abandoned building.
on the bookshelf, and went to give his son a kiss.  “
, and Uncle Mycroft, and Uncle Greg, Grammy Hudson, Alice Brown, and Albert have all been my teachers.  Even before I went to school.  I’m not afraid of hard work.  I just know that this is an opportunity to expand my understanding.  I can’t write a magnum opus if I don’t know about the world, can I?”
told you about the Trust Fund.  You’re covered.  Unless you want to waste your time partying and throwing away your gifts like some young people do,” John always left it unsaid that Sherlock Holmes had done so with an insane amount of drugs.
told him, “Your Uncle Mycroft wants to eat all of the sweets.  Every single one of them.”
Sherlock overhears Siger on the nursery monitor.
again.  And
what did Daddy mean by ‘every moment is a teachable moment’?”
Joy perched on the bottom step, writing the words in her notebook.  “How do I spell ‘munting’?” she asked her cousin, Siger, who was stretched out across the step above her. Her brother, Will, and the other cousins had continued outside to explore "the pond in winter" with Uncle Lock.
Siger smiled happily at his sisters and Will.  The pirate ship just happened to be his favorite toy at Uncle Mycroft’s, but he was happy that they were caught up in the adventure and not in worrying about their home at Baker Street.  He resolutely put the worry into the back of his own mind.  Currently there was nothing that he could do about their flat.  He was a child.  There were things children could accomplish, and some they could not.  Daddy and Pere would soon investigate the whole awful mess, and perhaps they would let Siger help!  This past year they’d let him do some small things.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Daddy calls you ‘Sweet’ because he loves you, Siger,” Sherlock put in.  “It is an endearment, a term of affection.  A word to show he loves you.  What word should he use for Rosalind?”
’s closet.
Siger looked about the untidy flat.  He did not feel all that much like cleaning up.  Truth be told he was feeling crabby, and achey, and just wanted to sit on Pere’s lap.  “Pere,” he climbed up onto the couch with his father, “Will we miss Christmas while we are sick?”
“Daddy,” he asked excitedly, “May we put some fairy lights in the nursery?”
Mrs. Hudson pulled the extra dough from around the cut out figures, then slipped a lifter under each one to transfer it to the flat metal sheet.  Palming the remnants into a ball, she rolled it out again into a flat expanse for Siger to cut.  This time, with the smaller amount, the boy cut out stars, fitting the three inch cutter into a pattern that took up a surprisingly efficient amount of dough.
“When biscuits brown, it is caused by the Maillard reaction.  The amino acids and sugars in food react to the catalyst of heat and turn the food brown. And make it taste good.
The car started up, and John could feel the vehicle in motion.  No movement from his companion, but she was breathing.  There were sounds of traffic outside.  “I don’t suppose you thought to bring your frying pan?” he asked the unconscious Mrs. Hudson as he checked her pulse.
Nodding his head, Mr. Gurdy told them, “Those are finishing feed.  Good quality too.”
Siger imitated his Daddy.  John, feeling slightly relieved went on with his explanation.  “It takes a whole year for the earth to do this.  To orbit the sun.  Over three hundred days!  So at this point of the year, the Winter Solstice, our part of the earth is tipped away from the sun, and so we have Winter.  And it gets cold.”
Heaving a deep groan as he did so, Dr. John Watson got down on his knees before the sofa and said, ‘Alright, let’s see the damage.”
“Fear not,” Sherlock heard Siger say over the nursery monitor.  They no longer called it a “baby” monitor, as Siger had pointed out that neither Miri Cat nor Ross Love were babies any longer.  It was implied that, of course, Siger had not been a baby for a long while.
The sitting room lights were low when he got downstairs, and the room was twinkling with the fairy lights John had hung two weeks gone by.  A fire was burning cheerfully in the grate to add to the atmosphere, and there were tumblers of amber liquid waiting on the coffee table.  Sherlock was setting the stereo on - instrumental and orchestral for background.
Falling was not so very much fun, but Bert got used to it.  Even better, Bert stopped worrying about it.  Lily didn't seem to mind that Bert was not a perfect skater immediately.  She teased him a little, but did her best to coach him.  By the time the first couples skate was called, he was ready for a break, and they stopped to drink hot chocolate and watch the mostly older couples promenading, swirling briskly around the rink.
Later the children described it all to Sherlock, as he snuck into their room when he returned from his evening out.  As parents are wont to do, as he understood it.  Of course, John heard it all on the monitor from his seat downstairs at his desk, where he was writing up the latest case.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then you might want to wait a bit to get a dog.  That’s serious business, a dog is.  Not something you can just go out and buy at Tescos, then get rid of when you’re busy and can’t care for it,” Tom told the little boy with a touch of seriousness.
“Not then.  There had only been Mycroft.  And then he grew up without me, and went away.  Much like you are doing.  Oh, I’m not complaining, Siger.  You will do well at whatever work you choose, and you will be splendid at it.”  Sherlock had mastered the awkward pat in his thirteen years as a father.
This has been edited accordingly because it struck me as something that would be right for John explaining it to Siger.  However, because of John's limitations, he can't quite manage it.
Not a laugh at that one, but a slight smirk.  “Sherlock has his own inimitable style,” commented the older brother.  “He has learned not to dress Siger in colours that suit his own colouring.”
sometimes did, should not be encouraged.
“Yes!” Siger sat up straighter in the pew.  Usually he listened to the organ music, but Christmas has its own fascination.
Once again John was making Sherlock watch a bit of old British telly because he needed the cultural background to understand more about the world in which they lived.  Foolishness.  There was a petshop owner attempting to sell a parrot to a very slow witted man.  And this was supposed to be humor?  “Pining for the Fjords?”  Soon enough no one would remember this ephemeral bit of trivia.
Off Siger hopped to examine the selection of ties available.  “Will you show me how to tie it, Uncle Mycroft?”
“All good, Dr. Watson,” Alice Brown tended toward the formal in the presence of the courier from the MET.  This particular courier was, well, particular.  She never left without the required paperwork, signature, or case files.  To be truthful, Alice Brown believed that Constable Woodring had a rather large crush on the good doctor.  Which was amusing.  Women tended to ignore Sherlock Holmes’s rudeness in favor of those model worthy cheekbones and dark curls.  Alice Brown knew both men too well to be enamored of either.  Neither was much like her beloved husband - still greatly missed.  Alice Brown had no desire to find a replacement, or a new companion.  Outside of her job, she sank herself into church and choir, and found happiness enough.
In the morning, Sherlock made toast.
‘Oh, love,’ he whispers.  And I know he has understood.
I love him.  I’ve never pretended otherwise.  At least not since he came home.  We both knew the truth then.  We couldn’t live without each other.  I’d been insane with grief when he walked through the door that Thursday night.  How many times had I thought about blowing my brains out with the Sig I kept in my bedside drawer?  How many times had I longed just for the smell of him?  And then he was there, shaking, on his knees, begging me to take him back, to be his friend, if only I would let him explain.
‘I could see that would put anybody off.’  Actually, it’s easy to understand how a child like Sherlock, so precocious and inquisitive, would quickly have been bored at even the most forward-thinking of fee-paying schools.  He was never meant for such an environment.  Which is presumably why he is pretty much self-educated, hopping from one august educational institution to another, cherry-picking whatever suited him and moving on, and certainly never bothering with anything so mundane as taking an examination.
wrong with you this morning?’
‘Why didn’t you just tell me you can’t swim?’
‘Yeah,’ he says, and sips his tea.  ‘Anyway, I don’t want to go back there.  At least not if they’re going to go on about bible college and serving the Lord through mission and all that.  I thought about it, and I don’t think that’s me, y’know?’
It is a short walk back to the hotel, but we dawdle.  There are a few people about, taking evening strolls, walking their dogs before bed, making the most of the cool evening.  It is pleasant to be out, to bid passers-by a good evening, to enjoy their village by moonlight.
‘Now who’s being ridiculous?  You won’t get any sleep and you’ll be insufferable.’
‘I’ve never come that hard in my entire life,’ I pant, finding my language centres again.  ‘I mean, seriously, Sherlock, fuck! I mean, what was that?  It was like fucking honey and silk and velvet and-‘
What with all the cold tea, and everything.
‘Do you remember,’ he whispered.  ‘By the river, how we talked about retiring?’
Sherlock is the reason I survived, even though neither of us knew it then.
But I’m long past being either annoyed or offended.  ‘And aren’t I always right?’
‘It was hell for me too, you know.  Living without you.’
‘Go away, you’re dead,’ John muttered.
‘What do you want to know?’
.’  (It’s still a sore point, okay?)
‘It only takes one posh housewife walking her Labrador,’ I point out, but my mouth has gone dry because his skin glows in the afternoon sun.
‘You the detective, or him?’  He speaks with that bastard cockney accent that many middle class teenagers affect.
They have heard all the rational reasons why the boy might have run away – exam stress, adolescent depression, peer pressure, worries about his sexuality (which makes Mr Allen go purple in the face when mentioned).  When I ask if he ever argued with them, they look at me like I am the village idiot.
Then, the garden.  There would have to be an extensive and established insect-friendly flower garden, because I was not yet confident enough of my gardening skills to feel I was up to planting one from scratch.  A vegetable patch was a necessity, of course.  I had already successfully experimented with putting tomato plants in grow bags on the roof at Baker Street.  (The aubergines had not done so well, and Sherlock had snaffled all the chillis for evil experiments.)
A hand job doesn’t seem much of a return after the expertise he has given me, but its all I can offer right now.  I’ve never touched another man’s cock in anything other than a clinical situation, after all.  But his is incredible, thrilling and hard and silken-skinned, and I want it more than I have words to explain.  I love the weight of it in my palm, and the texture of it.  I love the way he writhes against my touch, panting and moaning.  I spit on my fingers to add to the lubrication, though he is making plenty of his own – his glans is all but dripping – and work him with both hands, one on the shaft, up and down with a slight twist at the top of the upward stroke, the other on the head, massaging the foreskin over the sensitive crown.  I love the way he squirms and begs for it, the desperate pleasure I am giving him.  Helpless in the face of his most primal drives, he is now fucking my fists.  His balls are packed tightly against the base of his shaft.  When he comes, they pump and spasm, and I am entranced at the sight of something I know about, but have never actually seen.  His whole body arches up off the bed, only the crown of his head and the backs of his heels still in contact.  Long, pearly ribbons of come shoot out of him, splattering his chest and belly, and spilling over my knuckles.  He cries out
And then I strolled back to the house, enjoying the view across the valley to Arundel, got into the battered old 1986 Landrover Defender I had bought when we exchanged contracts (because you needed a sensible vehicle out here on the hill, especially in winter), and chugged off to the station to meet my husband.
‘Yeah, like, he read all that Stephen Hawking stuff when he was about 12.  I don’t get it really, but he was really into it.  That’s why people didn’t like him much at school.  Too clever for ‘em.’
‘As you said, it’s the living that counts,’ he agreed.  ‘But providing for our future would be a good idea.’
Sherlock knows me too well, that’s all I can say.
‘The sugar is on the top shelf on the second cupboard, where you left it last time you used it!’  And I put the phone down on him.
While I wait for my turn, I look at the book he found under the tree trunk.  It is a nice copy, somewhat well-thumbed and liberally annotated in a crabbed, dark blue and rather smudgy hand, of a standard pagan text, ‘Wicca for the Solitary Practitioner’ by Scott Cunningham.  I know nothing about these matters, but Sherlock says it is a book that every Pagan will have in their library.  I haven’t asked him how he knows.
‘Do you think he’s dead?’
‘I’m sure we’d be happy to do anything if it helps John-Matthew.  Joshy?’  She calls to her son in a soppy, sing-sing voice.  ‘Come on in, there’s some gentlemen here who want to talk to you about John-Matthew!’
,’ he repeats, going more slowly and emphasising the last word because clearly I am an idiot.
The garden was still a riot of colour, despite the lateness in the season, the borders enriched by rusty heads of sedum and burnished dahlias, the delicate pink of Japanese anemones, the gaudy pink of nerenes, and a low clump of blue salvias, thick with bees.
‘Dr Watson, your hire car has just been delivered.  Could you come down to reception to complete the forms?’
‘There’s obviously been a mix-up.  Perhaps someone in a twin would be willing to swap-‘
‘Oh, John.’
I grin and nod.  I remember that too.  ‘Wasn’t worried about sex, then? I mean, more than anybody your age would be?’
In which Sherlock explains why he took the case.
‘If anything happened to you, I couldn’t go on alone.  You have to understand that.  I’d follow you.  Life without you wouldn’t be worth enduring.  It would be a grey void.’
‘Doctors make the worst patients,’ he said, and wandered off to the kitchen.  Naked.
John-Matthew examines me closely with a knowing look a thousand years old.  I’ve seen that look so many times before, across the breakfast table.
He wriggled round in my arms until he faced me, looking up at me with liquid eyes.  He made me think of Delft then, of Vermeer, all those inky, translucent canals, and the shimmering light.  I touched his cheek, bristled with the reddish infant of a beard.
I’m impressed.  So is Sherlock, apparently.  He nods sagely.
He considers this for a long time while we walk, swinging clasped hands.
‘Fuck,’ he pants.
‘Of course.  We had the bathroom floor reinforced with steel girders. Specially.’
Picture, if you will, two men sitting together on a couch.  The room is darkened, the lamplight does not highlight the charcoal grey of the wallpaper, and its pattern is not evident in the darkness.  The white of bone on the wall, and on the mantelpiece reflects what little light there is.  Their faces are lit by the screens of their laptops.  There is the sound of music from downstairs, where their landlady - who really is more than their landlady - is playing Christmas carols as she bakes for tomorrow’s card party over at Mrs. Turner's.
by Raymond Briggs, as well as
Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade made a face at them. Mycroft corrected himself, “for singing purposes.”
Siger Holmes went back to Baker Street with the charcoal trousers, matching blazer, the white shirt shot with green, the emerald vest, and the dark red tie.
“Yes, Siger,” Mycroft smiled at the boy, “You may choose a tie.  But it will have to be a real tie, and not a clip-on.  Those are barbaric.”
His parents were downstairs. Bedclothes swooshed, but quietly, as he lifted them back.  Sliding his feet into soft slippers, Siger ignored his bathrobe, he was warm enough in his flannel pjs.  He practiced walking as
James knew his mother loved shooting.  When she was upset she would come down and work through the obstacle course, and come out calmer.
When Sherlock continued the conversation his own tea was cold. John was on his second cup and working his way through a queue of emails. “When do you leave?”
The warning came in the new year, shortly before Sherlock’s birthday.  Dr. John Watson did not so much see it all coming, as was given a discrete heads up by someone he knew “in government” fairly early on.  He was not able to keep it from his partner.  Even the children noticed that their father was disturbed about something.  But he did not bring it up as a topic of discussion either.
Mycroft slept fitfully, alone in his and Greg’s bedroom.  Guillaume and Joyeux shared the large upstairs playroom with Siger, Miranda, and Rose. John laughed hysterically upon first sight of his and Sherlock’s room in the tower. “Of course.  It’s a bloody tower room! With a stone spiral staircase! And we can only get to it from the library!”  Sherlock’s response was a small smirk before he headed off to a far corner of the library.  Leaving John to do the unpacking, of course.
It was a puzzling story.  Two friends living together.  One tall and slender, the other shorter.  The shorter character, Mole, trotting about after his friend the Water Rat, clueless and yet bringing heart to the plotline.
The Littlest Angel is a story by Charles Tazewell.
“Today is Saint Nicholas Day.  It is always on December 6th,” Siger announced to Mrs. Hudson.
“I’m thirteen, Mrs. Jenkins,” Siger tried the cheerful tone that his Dad used with patients, “And due to start uni in the fall term.  I’m not interested in waiting.”
Siger said decidedly, “I think that must have been very sad,
Mycroft pointed out, “You have more experience playing the guitar than John does with the clarinet.”
This, so very often, is Father Time.  Not some white bearded entity who governs the passage of the fourth dimension - if time is that dimension, but that time when the children have been put to bed, and before, well, one at least, of the men will get up and get ready for bed.  At times they both do so.  Sometimes the tall man’s transport is given short shrift when a problem is to be solved.  It is their time to spend together.  As partners.  As fathers of their children.  Sharing the couch, and going about their regular tasks.
, said “Get well soon,
Repeating the process at the door revealed brighter, more flickering light - definitely a fire, and the beginning of hot, dry air moving up the staircase.  Still holding his cousin, Siger closed the door and after a moment kicked the carpet up against the bottom of the doorway.  Daddy had told him not to let the girls see him be afraid in an emergency.  Daddy had said that panicking was for after the emergency was over.
“Next you’re going to blame their genetics, aren’t you?” John said mock sternly.
Gagging was a natural response.  Of course it was.  John was lucky he didn’t vomit into the sink.  And that was not the flu.  Also vulgarity.  “Bloody fucking hell, Sherlock,” the doctor found himself shouting, “Why are you cooking a human roast?”
Mr. Phillips, the postman, appeared at the same time every day.  He was a widower who was perfectly happy to flirt with Mrs. Hudson when she was home.   Today the door was opened before Mr. Phillips could slip the packet of mail through the slot, and a bright face beamed up at him from the threshold.  “Hello, Mister Phillips!”  Siger shouted.
looked thoughtful.  “Siger,” he turned and looked at his son, “That might be something that will take some time to get hold of.  What would you like in the meantime, while we wait for a skeleton?”
John could see that the boy had indeed been stuffing packets of biscuits under the hem of his hoodie.  The contour of the packets under the green cloth was fairly obvious.  He did not get to respond, as an short, round woman in a well-coordinated suit heard Siger’s loud whisper and took offense.
“I had thought,” Mycroft said as he picked up his glass for a sip, “that we would go with Christmas colours.  I would not shop with the girls together.  They would select their outfits without knowing what the other has chosen.”
“Christopher Cox,” Sherlock pronounced. “One of Moran’s men.  You’re supposed to be dead,” he told the bound thug.
At least her baby, her car, was not part of the awful events of the night.  That nice young man, Dimmock, had made her check when she’d finished her statement.  Martha Hudson was familiar with police procedure - more familiar than most, she knew.  Imagine Mrs. Turner being woken up at the Lord’s own time in the morning to a car crashing into her building and exploding.
“Uncle Greg,” Siger said reproachfully.
Mycroft nodded.  Then he pointed out, “There are quite a few ways of tying them, Siger.  Do you want the most often used?”
John wrinkled his nose at the disheveled state of this Father Christmas’s clothing.  The red plush looked as though it had been rolled around in.  They came here usually because of the decent quality of the Santa’s Grotto.  John sniffed to see if he could detect booze.  Just the faintest hint of whiskey from somewhere, but other than his clothing, this guy didn’t look like he’d been drinking.  Well, good, because John would not have hesitated to report him, Christmas or no.
quickly kissed Daddy on the head, took one of the spoons, and started feeding Ross so efficiently that she had no time to spit it back out.  “Sorting the mail,” was his answer.
“December 4th,” John Watson mumbled as he dragged his eyes open.  Bed felt like more.  His insane partner had finally gone to sleep, after playing his violin for hours into the early morning.  Limbs were wrapped around the doctor, entrapping him in the bedclothes, unable to move without disturbing Sherlock.
When the tall, thin boy climbed the seventeen steps to 221B, he could tell that his fathers were home.  Dad’s windcheater hung on the peg by the door, and
A disappointed “Oh,” was followed by, “We will figure it out, right Daddy?”
“Miri Cat will be alright.  She’s home with your father.  We’ll be alright.  You’re here with me,” John reassured her as he used flu dulled senses to search for the small transponder sewn into the hem of the bright red snow jacket.
“Do you want me to read to you?  Or do you want your blocks?  Or crayons and paper?” John Watson asked his son.
“I would like to play the violin,” said Siger evenly in the tone he used when an adult was being what Pere called “an idiot”.
“They’re not pink.  All six of my geese are pink from a prank the lads down at the Spade and Hoe played six months ago,” was the surprising answer.
“Kidnapped.  His transponder went off ten minutes ago.  Mr. Holmes’s men found the surgery empty, and signs of a struggle.”  Even after a year or so, Alice Brown was not used to reporting horrible crimes to her employer.  She was employed by a consultancy firm that specialized in crimes, yes.  But she was still just an office manager.  With a transponder of her own.  “Just in case,” John had said to reassure her.  It had not.
“Do,” responded the calm representative of the British Government, “and let me know as soon as possible.”
he thought.
Siger shook his head, the red curls were flyaway from the humid weather. “No.  Just picking up further data.”
“Lovely, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said as she put Miri down next to Ross on the carpet.
“Then why is Daddy sad?” Miri.
James liked shooting.  He just didn’t like the targets.  They were all the same person.  A man with sandy hair and a gun.  On the target he was wearing a British Army uniform.  He looked younger in the target picture than he did when James met him at school one day.  The targets were all of Siger’s Daddy.  Mother didn’t know that James had met Siger’s Daddy, and James was not about to tell her.  He liked Dr. Watson, who had a smile for James, and always picked Siger up from school with a big hug and a swing around in the air.
“That’s it,” John said, “We’re having fish fingers and custard.”
Siger squatted on the tiled floor, and smiled at his parent.  “All of life is learning, Dad.  You, and
“Yes, Mr. Knott was most interesting.  For now, let’s get home.”
.  Picking up
John started it all by posting a photograph of himself wearing the Ugly Christmas Jumper that Detective Sergeant Sally Donovan and the thoughtful people at the Met had given him last year after Sherlock had destroyed his stock of jumpers.  He entitled the post “Merry Christmas to you all!”
“Here, darlin’,” a short - alright, about John’s height -  dock worker waved the zaftig waitress over, “bring us a dish of maraschino (he pronounced it ‘mara-skee-no) cherries! Make sure they’ve got their stems, mind!”
“Many and varied. Logic has no place in Dr. Anderson’s imagination,” Mycroft commented.
Siger leaned back against his
“Siger is old enough to want to shop for gifts,” the tall pram motivator stated.
The announcement that they were cleared for takeoff startled him awake.  He did not resist the temptation to slide into the seat by the window to watch as the plane taxied in a variety of patterns to reach their runway.  John was not particularly excited about flying, but it was a distraction from thinking about Irene Adler, and the purpose behind this little jaunt.
The lid to the boot unlocked and rose to admit a blinding amount of watery sunshine.  “Here.  I brought you some company,” Big Bastard told him as he dropped a limp Mrs. Hudson on top of John.  The lid slammed and left them in darkness again.
“How do you sit like that?” John asked as he shifted in the uncomfortable train seat.  It had been a long ride, and they had hours to go until they arrived at their destination.
John begins researching.  He has some assistance.
Have you ever wondered what type of parent Mycroft would be?  And what his children would be like?  Joy was the youngest of the seven cousins.
John Watson, tired but responsible, finished sterilizing the kitchen from several days of Sherlock’s manic chemistry disguised as cookery.  He was not complaining, as it was just regular type cleaning, and not bio-hazardous or industrial waste recovery.  Siger was fast asleep on the couch, curled around Lambkin, the violin, and his new stuffed red blood cell.  John had stopped asking where Sherlock and Mycroft found these things.
“You take into account the wind, the distance, the ammunition, the type of gun, surely?”
John was now checking a text on his mobile.  “The two Marys and Jack will be flying over to see the babies next week,” he told the room at large.  The three of them knew Mary Morstan and Dr. Jack Watson from the Initiative, and Mary Watson, their granddaughter, had donated the eggs for the in vitro.
Soon the trope of the victim in the boot of the car will be gone.  Everything is hatchbacks these days.  Or SUVs.
He was almost asleep when something bounced off of his forehead.  Grumbling he opened his eyes to find Ross had made her way across the sitting room’s Persian carpet.  Rubbing his head, he found Lambkin resting on top of it.  “Thank you, Ross,” he told his sister, “You are a helpful sister.”
“I shouldn’t know why you would even try,” piped in Siger from the kitchen, “When you know that
John chuckled, not so much at Siger’s distress, as at his being much like any other child.  “Alright, Siger.  If Rosalind is not going to be called ‘Sweet’, then what should we call her?”
The mobile pinged.  “Alice Brown!  Thank you for calling back,” John Watson juggled the baby on one hip, receiving a platter of sandwiches from Anna with the other hand, and the mobile on his shoulder.  “You’re done with your doctor’s appointment?  Don’t go to Baker Street.
Glancing at him, the chatty driver said, “CSIS picked up your hoody friend, and a few more.  We’ll be trading vehicles.  They’ll have info on your next stop in the next car.”
Ross asked, “Data?”
Doctor John Hamish Watson stood with his hands on Siger’s thin shoulders.  The doctor’s mouth was open - possibly in wonder, or astonishment, probably not in rage, as giggles were threatening to escape.  It might even be that his mouth was open to prevent the laughter from appearing outright.
Siger decided that this Father Christmas really was an idiot.  He looked to Père in the hope that Père would behave badly.
Siger liked almost everything.  He had small, browned potatoes, roasted along with the beef.  A plate of chipolatas was demolished by the three children.  Sprouts dressed with slips of carrot and balsamic vinegar were tested and found wanting, though Siger had liked them before.  Mushrooms simmered in wine were enjoyed more by the adults than the children.
Mycroft sighed.  “Possibly.  I had thought a small boutique that was not so well known.”
“What dance is this?” Daddy sounded  breathless.
That settled, Lucy helped him to select ivory, ribbed stockings, small ivory patent leather mary jane shoes, and a navy blue wool coat for over top.  Then they took time to choose hair ribbons to match.  Mycroft found small yellow roses on several ribbons, and signed “Roses for a Rose” before showing them to Rosalind.
John pulled the red wig from his head.  “Sherlock, the counter clerk was flirting with me.  He asked me out for coffee.”
was in his chair, fingers steepled in front of his face, and clearly away visiting his mind palace.  Siger realized that he’d not seen
It was after they’d settled the baby and turned on the monitor, that he herded them upstairs.  “Mrs. Hudson,” he told them, swinging up her suitcase from the guest room, gesturing for John to take hold of the soothers, and flying across the hall to the master suite, “will stay in here.”
With three large pails, a trough, and the wooden chair, there was very little room for all of the people in the tiny yard, as Mrs. Hudson was now standing on the back step beaming, and Sherlock Holmes was examining the interior of the first pot.  “Yes, Siger,” he was saying, “We can use different types of earth for your experiment.  I know just the man to contact about that.  Rosalind, there are a number of plants that would accomplish changes in blood pressure.  And there are vegetable dyes that can be used, Miranda.”
It's not all chases and violence.
John began to laugh.  “Do you think there will be cake?” he asked with a chuckle.
to explore.  Even if Siger liked exploring with
“You two are a bit weird,” Gregory Lestrade pointed at them with his fork.  He was mollified when the top tier arrived.  There were raspberry and pistachio brownies.  Mycroft chose not to inform his partner as to their gluten-free provenance.  Nor that the raw white chocolate and raspberry cheesecake contained no sugar.
“I suppose that we should have taught him the sign for ‘sisters’ while we were at it,” John Watson said from his place at Jeannine’s side, reading through her chart.
, who was in discussion with a short, dark man with a cloth on top of his head.  The cloth was striped, and held on with a tie knotted in a circle, and the man kept shifting it.   The striped robe he wore did not match the cloth on his head.  Siger could tell that the man did not feel comfortable in those clothes.  He pulled at the neck, revealing the navy polo underneath.  Denim trousers peeked from under as well. Sturdy books shuffled in the straw strewn ground.
John started, “How do you know that they…”
“You found the aroma pleasant when you first entered the kitchen.  Even tantalizing.  The smell has not changed, but the provenance of the roast is upsetting you,” the consulting detective observed.
“Sherlock, nobody looking at how I’m dressed, at my figure, is going to think that I’m any sort of a woman,” was the best that John Watson could come up with, “And I have a very masculine haircut.”
Alice Brown appeared at the door, boringly normal in a baby blue twin set and pearls.  “Sherlock,” she said in her hesitating fashion, her hand hanging on her Saint Jude medal, “Mr. Holmes is on the line.  He says that John has been taken.”
“I’ve got that covered,” he was told simply.  “Really, John, please stop talking.  You are making this take way too long.”
John leaned into the embrace.  “So we didn’t.  Wasn’t a good time for it, was it? What with flu and kidnapping.  We’ll have to plan one for after the holidays.  A bit bigger than the ‘cake and ice cream at home’ we had originally thought of.”
"You love me, and won't let me eat too many sweets," Siger said, "Because they will make my body sick."
No, manipulation had been Dear Jim’s thing.  Seb Moran knew enough, though to set her own little bomb onto the road to finishing the final task Dear Jim had set for her.
“The very same,” Mycroft pictured Gregory’s joyful grin to match the tone.
Sherlock shot him a look.  Siger said seriously, “Daddy, we have to grow up, you know.”
“Not exactly,” John fixed him with a gimlet eye.  “Siger is three years old, Sherlock.”
, was immured in bed, flu-ridden, and alone.  There was banging - Rosalind waling away with her bottle against the hard plastic of the tray on her high-chair.
Mrs. Hudson, Siger, and Bert share some baking time.
Chapter Text
relaxed on the sofa, and Siger got out his crayons and paper to colour while they listened to Flute’s cd.  There were a number of Christmas Carols, including “Bring a Torch, Jeanette Isabella” with the vocal quartet singing in English, but the album concluded with a flute version of Rimsky Korsakov’s Flight of the Bumblebee.  Siger asked his
John chuckled briefly before another gunshot went off across the hall.  “No,” he said, still laughing, “You text me.  Without telling me where to send the police.”
“Is Greg on his way, then?” he asked as he finished the last knot.
John went for his mobile, and scrolled down through the “read” messages.  Yes, there were quite a few that he did not remember seeing.  But apparently Sherlock had been checking them.  And unsurprisingly, answering them.  In John’s voice at least.  To be fair, they were all dated from when John had been out of his head with flu.
“Wait a moment, Greg,” Mycroft took the tie from Siger and held it up against those bright curls.  “This red doesn’t clash.”
John Watson hummed rather than comment.  “Alright Siger, time for your hat.”  He pressed the royal blue, woolen knit cap down over the red curls, and then, pulling on his own gloves and hat, he and Siger made their way down the wooden steps to where Sherlock waited with Rosalind and Miranda, bundled in the perambulator in a myriad of colours.
“Ponies?” Siger broke off his song and piped up hopefully.
The rest of the packed shelf contained Siger’s, Miranda’s, and Rosalind’s favorites.  Sherlock Holmes didn’t bother with
“You have deleted the majority of the fiction you were required to read in school.  And mocked my collection of thrillers.”  John was finished.
Siger loved that idea.  Even Ross put her seal of approval, “Yes!”  Then she said, “But I still want to talk to Uncle Mycroft.”
With a wary look, John wanted to know, “What are you going to do with the fourth one? The roasted one?”
“Ooh!” Siger saw all types of toys, brightly coloured.  There were stuffed rainbows, but Siger did not think they  were right for Miri.  And then he saw them.  “Boots made of ranibows!  Read this one, Pere!”
“Shopping?” Siger said hopefully.
Father was a diplomat. Some of his diplomatic conversations were not for repeating.
“Any minute now,” Sherlock told him.  Then banged his head back against the plaster wall.  “Why do they always call ‘round to let people know they’ve used their tiny minds to figure out who the villain is, before putting themselves directly into the line of fire?”
Because the world needs more Librarian Sherlock.
The chocolate, when they finally made it down to the kitchen, was marvelous.  The children were half asleep as they struggled to finish mugs decorated with sprightly Christmas scenes.  Thanking Anna for her care, John finished his own mug before their gathering of hostages to fortune and escorting them to bed.
John’s partner stood beside him.  Sherlock Holmes, tall, slender, fashionably dressed in what had been a black suit with an aubergine broadcloth shirt, sported a face of absolute innocence.
The first gets up, setting his laptop carefully aside.  He’s been working on a blog entry of their case from two weeks ago.  With the ease of long practice, he tips the switch in the kitchen, and fills the kettle from the tap without looking.  He is working his way through a phrase that is not quite right, not quite descriptive enough of what he’s trying to say.
Siger found two pieces that were of opposing polarities, and repelled rather than attracted.  Reversing one piece he continued building.  Long, thin adult hands kept up with smaller, skinny fingers, passing blocks and tiles as the edifice grew to include materials of varying magnetic properties.
“Animal,” said the posh git smugly.
Sherlock shot a sideways glance from his pose on the couch.  “How did you get up the stairs without making any noise?” he demanded.
Siger, Miri, and Ross surrounded Anna, rather like a bright elderly flower surrounded by busy chattering butterflies.  It was the middle of the night - how had she gotten dressed and put in order so quickly?  John was struck by a whirling sense of unreality.
While Mrs. Hudson did not know precisely which case Siger was referring to, she strongly suspected it was the cannibalism one, and so did not make any comments on it.  She was a strong advocate for the Appropriate Scale, though she would have called it the “Sherlock, it’s not decent” scale.
”  = "Thank you very much!"
Jim Moriarty had shown his respect in bringing Cuddles out of the gangs and into position as a weapon for Sebastian Moran.  “You’re a big boy, Cuddles,” Jim Moriarty had said on more than one occasion, “and just the implement I need.”
“Yes.  Yes, I do.  But I’m looking for more stories.  Some that your
Ross’s card was red, and had a series of straggly looking stick figures standing on a green mass in the center.  Miri’s card had a curl of white crayon centered on green construction paper.  “Tell me,” Sherlock Holmes directed, “What these pictures depict.”
With the two girls in the trolley, not to mention the groceries, John hauled it and his children away from the woman with some difficulty, and went to find the store management at the front.  Ross and Miri watched behind their father with eyes as big and round as saucers as the woman followed John down the aisle. “You coward.  Running away from a woman, are you?  You and your little bastards?  You rich arse.  You leave my kid alone!”
John takes the children to church.  Though he's not really present.
often chose to read
So sorry. This got posted with only the first half.  It's been updated now.  Thank you for your patience!
John did not like to think of about Sherlock’s death.  Focus.  Obsess.  Dr. John Watson was not stupid, and he knew it.
“They’ve put on a chain and a padlock.  We’ll get you out after we get the bolt cutters.  Just hold on.” A cheering sound ,all things considered, that voice on the other side of the door.
While John worked on that, Sherlock thought there might be time to teach Siger three-card Monte.  It was always useful to be able to spot a traditional con.
“Yeah, that would be great,” John told him, giving Siger a squeeze.
Doctor John Watson took the seventeen steps up two-at-a-time.  The sitting room was crowded.  Albert Tran leaned in Sherlock’s chair.  Long booted legs were crossed and resting on the coffee table, and Bert was deeply engrossed in an obstetrics article.
paged through, looking for a specific picture.  Opening the album flat on the table he allowed Siger to examine the two photographs, one on each of the two pages.  The colours had faded on both of the photographs, but there was still enough to see the vivid red hair of the man standing beside his dark-haired wife in the first picture, their two boys in matching navy blue suits standing in front, and a bright, happy looking Irish setter lying at their feet.
Siger nodded.  That felt right
(See the end of the chapter for
The third book was
“Ffffffffff,” Miranda told him. Then she rolled over onto the small carpet of the landing, and burbled at the lofty ceiling.
The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus was written by L. Frank Baum (author of The Wizard of Oz)
reached high and brought down the special black book that Daddy kept on the top shelf, where babies could not reach it.  He handed the book to Daddy, and Daddy began to read some words that Siger did not understand.
“Pink!” announced his niece, and poked a finger into the dusty rose velvet.  She had no interest whatsoever in the deep purple.
Sherlock communicated with only his eyebrows the obvious.  He had been right.  John chose to ignore that in the enormity of what Mycroft was telling him.  “You think this is going to get well out of hand, don’t you?”
After digging up the third dead cat, John decided that it would be better to institute a different type of urban garden.  “Pots,” he said to the three children, “We’re going to need large pots.”  John Watson didn’t think that he could manage disinterring what was apparently a graveyard for local pets.
Mycroft’s men wouldn’t be so obvious, John thought.  “Is he very tall?” he asked. He didn’t think that Sherlock would have been surveilling him, but it was not completely outside of possibility.
“Were will we go?” asked Miri cautiously.
“They’re certainly well-trained,” thought John as he was taken down to the ground in a textbook fashion, listening to the, now, familiar caution.  “I have the paperwork for those,” he told the dirt in front of his face.
From the street, through the glass panes of the old fashioned windows drifts the busy sound of traffic.  It is not late at night, for all that there is darkness. “Tea?” the shorter man, looking soft in an oatmeal jumper, asks his partner.
“How decadent of you,” Mycroft smiled and added, “And you kept the whiskey truffles to console you on your lonely nights?”
Rosalind was insisting on walking.   Sherlock Holmes bent over oddly to hold her hand.  John tried his best not to giggle.  Both were massively stubborn.
“Siger?” Ross never said much, preferring to let her family infer what she wanted to konw.
The street side door opened and his spouse climbed in to sit next to John.  Sherlock’s pockets bulged oddly, and he passed the violin carefully to John before emptying out his pockets.  “Here we are,” he passed the three children each a bee.
John had invited Greg Lestrade over to watch the match.  That meant that Sherlock had to leave.  Sherlock leaving was part of the arrangement, as he was not keen on football, and tended to make unkind remarks during the game that were distracting, as well as pissing the two fans off.
Big Tom asked, “Do you need to keep this lot out of the water then?”
Mycroft realized that Emma was standing in front of him holding up drawings in a fan – all variety of primordial beasts in every color of the rainbow.  “Emma, I had no idea that dinosaurs came in so many hues!”
His tone must have given him away, at least to Sherlock “I observe, John” Holmes, who lifted his head and focused upon his spouse.  “Ah,” the tall genius said.
“Ah,” John responded.  Then he picked up his boy, “We’re a bit busy to take care of a dog, Siger, sweet.  I’d rather focus on doing things with you and Miri Cat and Ross Love.”
When the flu patient rested the soup spoon in the empty bowl, John Watson popped his head ‘round the door like a genie from a bottle.  “All done, then?” he asked.
must be in disguise.
was quiet, but he was not in his Mind Palace.  So he was listening too.
Perhaps it wasn’t such a bad idea, after all.
“The link,” Mycroft told him, “is Irene Adler.”
“My point is that I thought that ‘alone’ kept me ‘safe’.  Kept me focused.  I was wrong in thinking that relationships would distract me.  You, and your dad, and your sisters have provided me with an insight into human behavior that I would not have had otherwise.  It’s enabled me to continue The Work.”
Sherlock Holmes, who had now replaced his violin and bow into their case, grumbled softly behind them in editorial response.  Siger, who was an intelligent lad, volunteered, “I’ll go and put the groceries away, shall I?”
As he carried the food out to the coffee table, he could see Siger chasing after his ball.  More than time, he thought, to start taking his son out to the park and teaching him a few bits and pieces of the game. At the next nice day, he promised himself.
and Mrs. Hudson were giving the babies their bottles, Daddy struck a match and lit the first candle, one of the purple ones, that was across from the pink.  “Purple,” he said, “For repentance, not for royalty as I thought.”
After tea they moved everyone into the sitting room on fresh duvets to listen to Flute’s cd  before watching Christmas dvds.  Miri fell asleep almost immediately, but Ross and Siger’s Daddy paid attention, and didn’t drift off until almost the end.
John cleared his throat.  “Er.  Yes.”
While he did not become an instant champion skater, he did - toward the end - get up enough speed to understand what Lily meant about feeling like flying.  Before they left, with the promise to try it again sometime, Bert looked into ice skating lessons for very small children.  For when Siger was over the flu.
“Yes,” John said sleepily, as he turned over to face his tall, spare spouse.  “I didn’t think he’d remember the words though.”
“I’m going to be a writer,” she said confidently, “And then everyone will know about my books.”
“Do you remember the drill?” Siger asked them, “We will go out the window.”
And now.  Kisses that were no less important, but not close to the classification of John’s kisses.  Baby bonks against his cheek from the infant Siger.  From Rosalind.  From Miranda.  Each in their turn.  An important step in their emotional development.  Those had brought a light, shivery feeling, quite unlike any other osculation.
“And those bits that look like manufactured pellets?” Siger took a sniff at the packet.
deletes stories.”
and I were in the kitchen.”
“Not yet,” the dark skinned operative said grimly, “but we will.  Don’t you worry.  How’s the little lady?”
John looked over to where Sherlock was listening to Ross list the brand names and types of sweets in the shop they had just visited.  Sherlock was watching John intently.
, who almost never went to church.  Mrs. Hudson went too.  She came to church with them sometimes, but she prefered Saint Mary’s because she had a hip.  Siger had helped her up the stairs at Saint Cyprian’s.
Each of the veterans took his turn at the task, some succeeding, some failing with the comments of “never to this day”.  Or “I’ll never get it.”  They all turned to John Watson.
They’d stopped at Sainsbury’s for Lemsip for John, infant syrup for Ross, honey, tea, and milk for those who did not have flu.  John had sanitized his hands, and been careful that neither he nor Ross should breathe on, well, anything.  Now he was hurrying back home with a plastic sack of groceries on one jumper clad arm, and one year old Ross - who was tired and flu-ey- on the other.  John was tired.  And flu-ridden.
“Why do you think I’m going? I have responsibilities here. There’s Siger, and Miranda and Ross. There’s the business. My shifts at the surgery.” Even as he spoke, John knew his partner was reading the words through whatever filter existed in the Mind Palace, adding that information to observations garnered from stance, tone of voice, twinges and muscular spasms and tics in his too often open face. John could tell when the assessment was finished.
“I believe your Auntie Harry’s was ‘bah’!  She had a stuffed lamb that she was fond of.” John hadn’t thought of that in years.
“Hello, Siger,” Gregory Lestrade gave him a grin.
“Yes!  Thank you, Mr. Phillips!” Siger accepted the post cheerfully.  He waited for Grammy Hudson to take the remainder, and hopped up into the house with the three Christmas cards clutched in his hands.
The great brass knob of the door twisted softly as Siger opened the door and peered around into the hallway, down the stairs.  Flickering light.  Fire.  No heat yet, but that did not mean it was safe.  His call of “Daddy?
Siger asked a question, looking up at Uncle Mycroft.  “Yes, Siger,” Mycroft answered him. “That is an electric light.  And they would have used gas in that time period instead, as your father told you.  But remember, the Muppets are giving a play.  So they would be using anachronistic items.  Sometimes it is alright to have something incorrect, if it furthers the plot, or allows the play to proceed. Your father was, in all likelihood, jesting about a movie being made with gas lighting.”
That compliment was what made the night perfect, though dinner with her cousins and Uncle Mycroft without her parents or siblings was a treat.  She was reminded, years later in Paris, of his remarks when she opened a parcel from home on her birthday.  Inside, carefully cushioned, was a pasteboard box with a birthday card from Uncle Greg.  Inside was the facsimile of the Crown of Flowers wrapped in golden tissue paper, resting on her recently released sketch books.
Well, there would be no breakfast in bed this year.  Snuggling was good though.  And his spouse was definitely showing signs of waking up interested.  John gave a little push backward with his rear.  Sherlock’s chuckle moved the hair behind John’s ear.  “Siger,” the warm, dark murmur came, “Just told his sisters he’ll come down and discover what is keeping Daddy and Père, John.  No time for that.”
Siger considered that for a moment, then asked, “Did Daddy hurt your feelings?”
“To be fair, his modus operandi has always been knives, not guns, John,” was the response.
John Watson was regretting that he’d no hidden weaponry.  Not just like James Bond, a knife in his belt, or a machine gun in his shoe.  He’d have felt more comfortable with his gun in his hand.  Mrs. Hudson, carefully rolled behind him into the far back of the boot, was still unconscious, but breathing strongly, now that he’d removed the tape from her mouth.  There were no signs of hemorrhage that John could detect.  Still, she'd have one hell of a headache when she did wake up. With the vehicle slowing down, the former soldier, danger addict, frightened man, was crouched into the boot - there was only just enough space - and waiting.
“The Shepherd,” Siger and Miri told him at once.  Rosalind made a sign that must have meant shepherd, though it was not one that Sherlock knew.
“I’m not asking Dad what that means,” her red-haired cousin said absently, his nose in a book on Chopin.  Chopin’s first name was spelled Fryderyk on the cover.  Joy had obtained a promise from Siger that he would read the important bits to her once he had gone all the way through it once.  She could read, just not as well as Siger.  But he was, after all, older than she was.
“You can’t lie to me, John.  You knew what I was proposing from the moment you saw the chair,” the makeup artiste said severely.
With so many rooms, and nearly seventeen acres of property, Mycroft thought it a ridiculous thing that he could not find a private spot to call Gregory in London.  The maids were cleaning the bedrooms. Sherlock and John and the children were rioting back and forth between the library and the second kitchen as they performed some arcane alchemical experimentation for the children’s schooling. Anthea was working on contingency plans with the security detail in the office. It was winter, and Mycroft really did not fancy legwork out of doors.
Mycroft Holmes was still issuing instructions to Anthea when he opened the solid and soundproofed door of his office at the end of the day. A hurricane of sound struck him, even in the cul de sac hallway that lead to his office. He could dectect the raised voices of six children, two violins, and a number of adults. Nothing to be alarmed about. Reassuring after the events of this day.
John stretched and put his tray up.  “Thanks,” he told her, as he unbuckled, slipped out of the seat, and strode as briskly as he could back to the restrooms.
feelings.  An’ then we won’t have a photograph for Grammy Hudson’s refrigerator, or Uncle Mycroft’s mantle piece.”
Siger was a questioner.  He asked questions about everything.  He asked about what they were eating,and why.  After all, Sherlock had explained these things to him while feeding him as a baby.  It was second nature now to want to know why it was important to eat sprouts, when Siger did not think they tasted all that good.  Or why couldn’t they have the cookies that he and Grammy Hudson had baked as a main for dinner?  Even more important, why was
“Well,” Siger said considering, “They only go in the water when they are mermaids.  And then it is the carpet, not really water.”
“Poor My,” Greg laughed, before saying consolingly, “I’ve sent you a box of caramels.  Don’t share them with anyone.  They don’t deserve it for deviling you!”
will know anyway.  I mean, why start now?  And you didn’t even use what
,” Siger said, reaching up his small hand to his father’s long, thin one.
“Miri?” Siger sat up too, “Where is Lambkin?”  Lambkin had been Siger’s stuffed sheep.  But Miri hoarded all of the plush toys she could get her hands on.  The only reason that she hadn’t confiscated Siger’s violin was that he took very good care that it was out of her reach.
Currently Siger was the one who chose the books.  Before he had been old enough to express a preference, it had been Daddy’s or
The shorter man elbowed the taller in the ribs before turning back to the middle-aged patron, whose stringy grey hair indicated a dislike of modern practices of hygiene.  “Right then.  Let’s get that book taken care of for you,” and he nipped the book out of the reference librarian’s hands, marched over to the curving circulation desk, and ran it over the flat metal plate that desensitized security precautions in the books.
Only one shelf was completely filled: dark wood, polished and holding nursery rhymes.  That shelf started from the left, with older volumes that he remembered his mother’s cool, quiet voice sharing while he and Mycroft curled up together on the sofa in the salon, or in bed at night.  Those took up about half of the shelf.
Anything that was not junk was sorted through by Alice Brown when she did the mail and accounts receivable.  If she thought an item useful, it was packed in a specific spot in the office, and set aside for Sherlock and John to look through.  Often John did not see anything in the wooden chest that Alice Brown used because Sherlock considered whatever was in the chest to be his property.  He needed these items, he claimed, for use in experiments in his lab.  This was because John selfishly refused to allow his spouse to swipe his own clothing or property, or those of Siger, Ross, and Miri.
“What?” John listened, and in the distance he could hear the panda sirens dopplering closer.
“Mr. Gurdy, you said that some of the boys pranked you a while back.  Dyed the feathers pink?  Do you know who did that?” Siger asked the farmer earnestly.
“Mrs. Jenkins doesn’t want me to attend uni at 14 years of age.”
“He certainly can be, Siger,”
“Do you have anything for me, Mr. Phillips?” Siger asked hopefully.
Miranda Watson had never been in police custody before.
I will be taking a Christmas break from this, while posting a Baker Street Advent Calendar for 2016.  Back with this after Christmas.
guesses, just keep mum, okay?  Because it’s an ongoing investigation, and we’re working to catch accomplices.  But they caught one of the guards with the real crown.  He swapped it after the expert came to re-authenticate the crown in the case.”
goodnight in his bedroom, and before lights out, they set the nativity scene up on the dresser in the Nursery.  Daddy read to them from the Christmas story.  The Holy family looked cheerful and comfortable in the shine of the fairy lights, as Siger went to sleep.
“Happy Christmas,” came from Siger’s side of the room.  “Daddy, Père.  I love you.  Happy Christmas.”
It was while he was heading home on the tube that he started thinking about falling.  Onto ice.  Ice was hard.  And cold.  People broke their arms and legs, and cracked their noggins on ice every year.  He remembered his time spent working the A&E.
“Probably not,” John said, “I write a blog, and I don’t expect too many people would know about it.”
The game is on!
She brightened, “I’m writing a murder mystery, and that’s one of the red herrings! It’s going to be a mystery about transported dinosaur bones, and someone gets killed when they discover their secret!”
Blithely disregarding the communicative brows, Sherlock moved on to shading the bone structure around them.  “You see?  I can make it look less strong here by putting a little bit of darkness.”
Mycroft Holmes learned long ago to safeguard private conversations.  He was nine when his baby brother became ambulatory, as opposed to mobile.  Sherlock at two was old enough to understand many conversations, but was now also able to repeat them. That became an issue when Sherlock discovered a tiny space in their father’s large, mahogany desk, and loved to secret himself within it.
James loves spending time with his Mother.
Other students, male and female and some of which she was not certain, gathered to sketch and attempt to recreated the piece in pencils, crayon, pastels.  One day Miranda had seen a designer from the West End.  She’d given him his privacy, of course, all the while shrieking like the fangirl that she was inside her Mind Palace.  And of course spying on his oil crayon work.
“Then, we are going to see if we can get you cleaned up.  Sometimes makeup doesn’t come off too easily,” John told them.  He was not looking at Sherlock, and he was definitely not remembering past girlfriends.  He added, “You do know that it is not the makeup that has your father upset, don’t you?”  They were intelligent, his daughters.  If they were not as organically smart as their big brother Siger, they were at least as enriched.
Swinging Siger up into his arms, Sherlock Holmes strode off with Sally following quickly behind.
It was only a matter of time.
John Watson curled around his tall, dangerous partner, and was thankful for the life he led.  He thought of his children, who called, or would call him “Daddy” and looked up to him.  Who came to him when they were sad, and when they wanted to share happiness.  He felt the smooth skin of his partner against his own.  Long octopus limbs that surrounded him, keeping the bad dreams away.  And he sank into sleep.
“Give me time to get upstairs and then back down,” Daddy laughed.
“I don’t think he’s a fan,” she told him, “He doesn’t have that look of ‘oh my, there’s my favorite writer’ about him.”
The thing is, Sherlock Holmes had taught John that he was a reflector of light.  He illuminated bits and pieces of information to show the way for his genius friend.  That light guttered after the fall, but it was not at its lowest.  If nothing else, John Watson’s friendship with Holmes had given John his own new way of looking at himself.  John no longer thought of that exit, the barrel of his gun and no more pain after the brief agonizing blast of the muzzle putting a bullet through his brain.
Fortunately, their nannie had a clearance level for just that reason - Father having learned an important lesson from a precocious Mycroft.  The difference between Mycroft and Sherlock – and it was an enormous difference – was that Mycroft had immediately understood the usefulness of having knowledge and not sharing it ‘round. Mycroft was not much of a talker. He was a master with words. He just loathed small talk, even at a young age.
Mrs. Hudson leaned back on a bench, eyes closed, while she rocked the pram where Miri and Ross were asleep.  They were babies, and they slept an awful lot.  Someday, Daddy told him, they would be big enough to play with him.  For now he played around them on the floor. He could build with his blocks on the backs of their rompers, and then they would move.  They were not really crawling yet.  Siger would watch to see how long it took for the towers to fall down.
“How’s my girl?” John asked her as he unfastened the gate to sweep the baby into his free arm.
“Nothing awful and pink, Mycroft?” Greg teased.
go to his Mind Palace for the whole time Daddy and Ross and Miri had been sick.
Now she was carrying twins.  Or delivering them, really.  John Watson’s children, fertilized in vitro.  “Oh, this is hard work,” she gasped.
Siger took the plate to his hive first, then carefully carried his mug of tea, and with his Lambkin, his violin, his red blood cell, and his rubber bees had a satisfactory snack under the orange blanket draped over Daddy’s chair.
“Nonsense,” Sherlock uttered in the most condemnatory of tones, “We can order it all online, and have them deliver it.  Not worth the bother of traveling about and carrying dirt back in quantity.  At least not that dirt.  They’ll have it all bagged and treated from all of the same source.”
Greg looked startled.  “Well, I will ask him if he wants to go.  He might have other plans.  But he’s welcome if he would like to join us.  Is that alright?”
In other words, John has been Thinking...
They looked at books, at plush animals, at what his Pere called ‘learning toys’, and selected a board book for Miranda, and a book that could go into the tub with Rosalind.  They found a book on bones for Daddy, and a warm rainbow scarf for him as well.
“You’re still waiting for Siger to turn three before starting him on the violin?” Mycroft asked with all the body language of actual interest.
Sherlock's away, and there's a mystery!
“Your captain knows Mr. Holmes?” John asked as he dusted down his jacket and pants.
Murder for Christmas is by Agatha Christie.
, and those of a small dog.
Ah well.  Time enough to get his genius to bed in a bit.  For now, John might not be able to move, but he decided that he really didn’t want to.  And while this might not have been what he was expecting in a settled life, he was really very happy with what he had.
Greg and Mycroft watch the children for an evening.
should take care of that.
When they got to Winnipeg, John gave her one of his business cards.  Not the Holmes Watson Investigations, but Dr. John H. Watson, though it did have his blog address on it.  “Thanks again.  I enjoyed talking to you!  Let me know when you’re published, and I look forward to reading your books!”
It was an accident!
There were many rooms.  Dachaigh Duthchail was not a palace, but it was large.  From the tiny to the immense-in addition to the secure office, a huge library designed by Lorimer, a long formal dining room, kitchens able to provide for scores of guests, pantries, a breakfast room, a balcony above the curving wide front staircase, eleven bedrooms, and a host of small, intricate spaces, there were rooms that could be opened to become a ballroom, complete with parquet floor.
“Thirteen is a difficult time.” then as Siger nodded encouragingly, an imitation of John that made Sherlock’s heart lift, “I did not know what I wanted to do at that age.  I loved science.  Music.  I wanted to be learning, experimenting, doing things. And avoiding people.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you a spy?” she asked him.
“Yes, I have one too!” Siger said, “and there’s one for Ross as well.”
said uncertainly.
“It’s a good job in this season,” Big Tom told them as they stood around admiring the plump, fragrant tree.  “All the Christmas joy, you see.”
Sherlock still had dreams of it.  Of returning to Two Two One Bee to find himself alone.  Pining.  Wanting nothing more than to find his partner.
John’s response when they’d settled on the couch with their tea was most satisfactory.
Sherlock took the thread up again.  “‘Fear not.  I bring you good news that will cause great joy for all the people.  Today in the town of David a Savior has been born to you; he is the Messiah, the Lord.  This will be a sign to you: You will find a baby wrapped in cloths and lying in a manger.’”
John Watson watched, smiling, as Ross climbed up onto her prone father on the couch.  “Right,” he said, and went to make a larger pot of
Uncle John was swearing now.  He didn’t think they could hear him.  That was when they learned new swears.  “That incredible, bloody bastard! Our sodding Prime Minister!  Isn’t attending meetings on the epidemic?”  They had heard Uncle John, even out on the wide, front staircase.  He had gone in to The Office with Daddy this morning, and Daddy's helper, Miss Anthea, had shut the big wooden door behind him.  The Office was at the back of the house, behind the staircase, and they weren’t supposed to hear anything once the door closed.  Uncle John was Just That Loud. And his niece seized the opportunity to learn some new vocabulary.
“Poor Ross,” he said out loud, “She didn’t get to see the sheep.”
, “ Siger said thoughtfully.
was reading the Grinch’s words with a deep rumble, and very sneeringly.  Siger approved.  He loved when anyone read to him.
The backpack and suitcase stood next to a sturdy wooden bunk bed.   Siger’s violin case lay upon a heavy maple dresser near the door. “Let’s get this little one to bed, shall we?” Sherlock led the way, trailed by John and Mrs. Hudson.
The door remained black, the brass knocker just a hint off-kilter. No notice in sight told of the presence of the Holmes-Watson Agency. There was noise next door from Mrs. Turner’s, where she was having the upstairs flat re-plastered.
“Are you all dressed, Siger?” their Daddy asked as he packed the diaper bag.
Siger waved the three envelopes, “Daddy!  Letters for me, and Miri, and Ross!  I’m goin’ to open them!”
The eyes were next.  Sherlock chose a series of blues for the eye shadow.  “Although you can decorate yourself with any color that does not fight with your skin shade, or your hair,” he added the last with a nod to Siger and his red curls, “blue is generally considered a blond colour for eye shadow.  We’ll put the medium blue on the lid, the light blue on the upper eye beneath the brow, and the dark blue in the crease.  Then blend.”
One of the nondescript vans delivered them to 221B Baker Street, after a stop at a Tescos on the way home.  Now that the adrenaline had ebbed, the achey part of John’s flu was catching up.  Sherlock, who was one of the world’s worst patients, did not give kisses, but a light and one armed hug was tendered as he picked Ross from John’s arms.  “Hot shower.  Paracetamol.  Pajamas. Then we’ll bundle you up in your chair for some hot soup from the Thai place, John.  I’ll take care of Miss Rosalind.  Then she’ll be joining you.  And John. You probably gave your flu to your abductors.”
“I appreciate your working your magic as well.  Thank you.  Let me know what we need to do on our end.  No, working from home is entirely fine with me.  I’m not certain how long we will be staying here.
Illustrations by Pyle in the grand fashion of fictional pirates.  The spine glowed a lovely dark blue, uncovered and well-loved.
“Lists for Christmas,” Daddy said as he managed to get a spoonful of green stuff into Ross’s mouth.  “I don’t suppose you want to talk about Christmas dinner right now, though.”
Mycroft’s and Greg’s bed was king-sized, clean cotton sheets (“guaranteed to be ice cold, Mrs. Hudson, Anna will have to get you a hot water bottle”), and covered with a goose down comforter.
It had been a strange and frightening night. All the more important to follow ritual to put them back on track. Sherlock took up a book and began to read, “Squire Trelawney, Dr Livesey, and the rest of these gentlemen having asked me to write down the whole particulars about Treasure Island, from the beginning to the end, keeping nothing back but the bearings of the island, and that only because there is still treasure not yet lifted, I take up my pen in the year of grace 17-, and go back to the time when my father kept the Admiral Benbow inn, and the brown old seaman, with the sabre cut, first took up his lodging under our roof.”
Waving a hand in front of his partner’s face did nothing but make Ross laugh.  So John picked her up from the floor, “Looks like it’s just you and me again, Ross my girl.  Shall we go upstairs and tidy up the nursery?”  They looked in on Miri before taking the stairs slowly.
“I agree,” John said, “that does sound very sloppy.”
Siger was uncertain.  But
Introductions.
“No,” Sherlock said as he settled himself spoon fashion into John’s body.  John draped an arm across, and then they both went back to sleep.
“You are a frightening and immense dragon, Siger.  I cannot see the amazing length of your tail, as it disappears into the cavern behind you!” his father told him, impressed but amused.
This was not what he had thought his long term life was going to be like.  Not at all.  It wasn’t even what he’d thought life with a wife would be.  Not that living with a man in a spouse’s role was what he’d expected either.  Some things, though, were exactly as expected.  John had just assumed that neither he nor Sherlock would be romantic.   That was a thing that one did for women.  Wasn’t it?
I currently do not have a working computer, so my apologies for the delay.  Someday Microsoft will send me the charger they have promised.  Some. Day.
It wasn’t that Mrs. Hudson could not handle Siger on her own either.  She was perfectly fine at handling the children.  And if she could not lift Siger anymore, Siger was more than capable of clambering up onto a stool, or into a chair, or wherever he needed to be.
They listened to Siger explain about honey badgers from a nature program he’d been watching.  Then Siger fetched an extensive crayon drawing, which he told
Then came the grand preparation for Christmas Luncheon at Uncle Mycroft’s.  All three children were popped into the long bathtub by their Père, while John muttered his way through cleaning up the disaster scene that was the front room.  Washed and dried by Sherlock with shrieks of laughter, John then took the children up the creaking wooden staircase to the nursery for dressing in Christmas clothes, while Sherlock took his turn at the shower.  This was by design, as the long, curly-haired detective took a considerably longer time messing about with his shaving and his hair.
Mycroft Holmes had loved many things about Greg Lestrade from the first.  There was the wild boy silver hair that Mycroft still itched to comb with his fingers, even after all of this time.  There was the unrehearsed and open laughter at the comical vagaries of life.  There was the beauty of the man’s mature, but boyish face, of his form.  Finally, there was  the quick wit, the innate wisdom, and the willingness the detective showed when doggedly working his way through to the end of a knotty problem.  Lestrade’s intelligence might not be the quicksilver firing of neurons that were part and parcel of Mycroft’s and Sherlock’s genetic inheritance, but it had the tough fibre necessary for digging out an answer buried under masses of misinformation and distraction.
The clattering of crockery that had started silenced.  A head of sand-coloured hair peered around the doorway.  “What did you say, Sherlock?” John asked.
“Taken?” Sherlock was unaware that he’d spoken that out loud.  He was still looking at the microscope, but not seeing any of it.
“Good job, Siger, now take a look at this,” and they pushed past a wall of branches to find a small open area.  “What do you see?”
Siger Hamish Holmes was explaining to his sisters, Rosalind and Miranda, about what they were going to see that day at the Santa’s Grotto.  “Now, do not be afraid, Ross Love, and Miri Cat, because we are going to a special place today!”
“How many geese, sir,” came from the doorway, where Siger had joined us.  He was usually upstairs at this time of day, this day of the week, reading.  He didn’t get much time for that once his sisters got home from school after their soccer group.  Bert was there, keeping an eye out.  Even though he’d started with a surgery, he still babysat from time to time.  John was grateful, and for the children the idea that Bert might not always be there was unthinkable.
“Yes, Daddy,” Siger told him cheerfully.
Sherlock was stretched out on Siger’s bed, long legs folded down over the end of it, his stockinged feet at rest on the wooden floor below.  When “Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good night” was read, Siger commented consideringly, “Daddy, may I get reindeer for Miri Cat and Ross Love?”
Grammy Hudson followed him in with a handful of cards, and an armful of wiggling Miri.  “Here’s the rest of the mail, John dear.  Quite a number of Christmas cards today. “  She put them on the counter in the kitchen, but Siger was concentrating only on the precious cards for Miranda, Rosalind, and him.
John and Sherlock exchanged looks.  Sherlock spoke slowly.  “It would seem that we are going to Scotland.”
“Are you ready for another try?” Lily asked him with a really very nice smile.
The dark haired detective waved a hand to mimic a hand guy.  “You just shoot?”
and without.  But Miranda seemed to always be the one left behind.  Even Will and Joy and Em and Danny had been to Forensics camp.  Not the Miranda was interested in police work.  It’s just that one does not like to be left out of the family business.
Tonight had been
That was alright, Daddy said.  When Siger was small, he was a baby, and he was not allowed to go to places either.  Now that he was almost three he could go to more places.  And when he was big he could help his fathers find data.  Siger loved data. It was everywhere.  And everything.
“You know I love your hair, Mycroft.  I wouldn’t change it for its weight in gold.”
John Watson thought about all of the cases he had written up and groaned.
No.  That would be about the last thing on Siger’s list of things to talk about.  He got up, fetched the Vomit Emergency Bucket, and returned to his seat, after carefully placing it next to his chair.
“I don’t know where you are going with this, Siger,”
Now the only one whose hair was longer than Sherlock’s was Miranda’s dark gold, wavy as a field of wheat.  Sherlock was allowed to brush it nightly, if he was home.  He plaited it up before bedtime to keep it from tangling over much.  Miranda’s hair was the same color and texture of John’s.  Sherlock treasured it for that, and for Miranda’s own sake.
Who helps with the homework?
were in the living room.  They must have finished the case, and Bert had gone downstairs.
or me before going through with them.  Especially experiments of a social nature.”
At two hours and half past the door to the holding area opened and a silver-haired figure entered.  “Well, Kitten,” the Detective Inspector grinned at her, “You’re the last person I expected to see here.”
“Seven,” Miri said over her.
, “This is Rosalind Love’s and Miranda Cat’s first time to visit you,
“It seems to be staying down, John,” Sherlock told his spouse.
, - the tale of a hamster taking Father Christmas’ (or in this case, Santa Claus’s) place to save the day - he might try to hide it far over to the right so that Siger would (supposedly) not see it, and select it for reading that night.  This rarely worked.  If John Watson hid the book somewhere other than the bookshelf, then bedtime was disrupted, as they all must search until the book was found.  Not necessarily because Siger wanted to read it.  Siger liked to know where things were.  Because if they did not find it, then he would think about where the book might be instead of listening to the book they were reading.  Then, of course, since they had expended so much energy in finding it, Siger suggested, they might as well read it as one of their books before bedtime.
,” Siger pointed out.
.  I visited last year.  They are just babies, and they are learning to behave.”
I have heard people explode into disgust over this.  While I don't have a huge hairy issue with it, it's not my way of greeting people.  But then again, my immediate/nuclear family were not a hugging household, not a physically affectionate family either.   So while (at the time, as a child) I felt uncomfortable with this greeting, I felt equally uncomfortable with most hugs as well.
Well, almost everyone has the flu.  But there are still things they can do together, Pere and Siger.
(See the end of the chapter for
might like it because the trolls played a fiddle when they rioted in the poor woodman’s home.
“Siger,” John said, “Would you like to help
“It means,” said John Watson to his son, “that God was announcing that his Son was coming to the earth.  That the time we celebrate the birth of the Christ child is coming.  It means that it is almost Christmas.”
said thoughtfully.
But he had to be the one feeding and tending to the rats, as the person loaning him the venue refused to do so.  Siger had gone to help him several times, and was a very good helper, considering he was three, but the girls were becoming mobile, and that would not do in a heated warehouse filled with cages of rats with just Sherlock to mind them.
John interrupted, “You got Anthea to let Greg and Mycroft know about this, didn’t you?”
The portion of his mind Palace - the visualization to which he retreated - was of the nursery room he had inhabited so very long ago.  It was a solitary space in his mind, Mycroft was largely absent - as he had been after being sent to public school.  Sherlock took a moment to consider the plain wooden doorway - shining with perpetually fresh paint - behind which the Nanny maintained her room.  The paint sealed the door.  Not in the manner of an imprisoned threat.  More a busy ant that had cordoned its area off to go about it’s own business.  Sherlock found it telling that  the picture was of an ant, which he found largely useless, and not a bee.
John Watson had to admit it was what he had been thinking.  “Alright,” he tried again, “Mineral!”
Daddy was wearing a button up shirt, a jumper, and slacks.  He wasn’t dressed like
Daddy laughed, but must have felt Siger stiffening, because he stopped.  “Sweet, we’ve all been sick.  Except for your
“We should get him sleepy clothing.  With bees,” Siger suggested.
“Pere,” his son chided his father, “Daddy asked you a question.  You are not in your Mind Palace.”
had put the Vomit Emergency bucket next to Siger’s bed before he and Daddy had kissed them each good night on their foreheads.
Right then.  Back to Baker Street.  He’d make sure the bird’s mouth was taped though.  Cuddles didn’t like women wailing or weeping.
Pulling the creaking wooden chair around, he straddled it, and rested his chin on his arms across the back, striving not to be annoyed that his spouse had taken over the project that John had started with their son and daughters.  He failed.
Sherlock Holmes ran through the streets of London, hot on the trail of the next clue that would answer the burning question of Why.  Why had someone crashed a car into Speedy’s?  Surely Saint Nicholas did not have that many vehicles that he would waste one in an amateurish attempt to capture his and John’s attention.  Therefore it must be another villain.  The Krampus?  Could a Krampus drive?  They would find the answer when they arrived at the creature’s location - the British Museum.
, or Father Christmas.”
.  “You love Uncle Mycroft.  And so you don’t give him sweets.”
“Miranda,” Mycroft sat in the adult version and leaned down to show the toddler the dresses, “Please look at these dresses.”
“No.”
The entire household of two hundred twenty one B, with the addition of Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade and his romantic partner Mycroft Holmes, stood in the sitting room of Mrs. Hudson’s first floor flat and watched the billowing cloud of white puffing toward them down the hall from the kitchen.
It was natural that he should comfort Mrs. Hudson.  It was expected that Baker Street would lose appeal, much as it was his home.  Not such a surprise that he would put a good solid clip across Mycroft Holmes’s chin either, was it?
With a top heavy sigh, Miranda spoke sadly, her little voice a shade deeper tone than her sister’s, “
“And you are,” was emphasized, before “going to discuss this with me in person, yes?”
Sherlock Holmes knew pining well.  He had two years away from home.  Seven hundred and thirty seven days without John.  Or his brother, or Mrs. Hudson, or Lestrade, or Molly Hooper.
But somehow this tale seemed more important to tell.
“Yes.” Sherlock gestured for his husband to hurry up the steps through the now-open door.
by Dr. Seuss.   It was in English.
John supposed that was the perfect poem for Sherlock to begin with, and for today, for all the topsy-turviness of it being the opposing Solstice.
Moments later Sherlock Holmes was retrieved from the flickering, fluorescent lit cellar of a crime scene scenario by a shrill shriek of rage after Ross brought her trainer clad food deliberately down onto Siger’s building like a monster from an old film.  Miri threw herself into the fray as well, collapsing the avenue of books on to the pirates.
“A bit extreme for body disposal, wouldn’t you say?” John found this interesting in spite of himself.  “Why didn’t they just leave the corpse out in the countryside?  In a quarry, or a skip somewhere other than London?”
The problem was that Rosalind did not want to take the yellow dress off for the clerk to pack it up.  Mycroft turned his niece to face him.  “Ross,” he intoned, “She must pack up our purchases.  We will take them home to show Miri, Siger, and your fathers.”
John started to open his mouth, but Mycroft spoke first, “Of course, I am taking into account your proclivities, Sherlock.  Sean has instituted several beehives since you were last there.  And Greg has promised a variety of cold cases.  Your section of the library remains, dusted and updated.”
There was much made of attempting to get the sharpest and best picture before the curly-haired man was satisfied.  It made this all seem more normal, somehow.  Sitting down with John’s laptop, their father waved the children off to the bath for John to remove the makeup as best as he was able.
“John?” Came the baritone form the stop of the steps. “I trust you.” Then the click of the door shutting behind him. John could hear him tending to Miranda over the monitor.
“No one knows what color they were,” Emma told him gravely, “But they will soon. They’ve got DNA from some mummies!”
“This was terribly inefficient?” Siger asked hopefully.
and the girls were not.  Uncle Greg went on, “So who are you rooting for in the match, Siger?”
The birds still hopping on the tree,
The second course arrived with fresh fruit - blueberries, melons, pineapple.  “What is this on the fruit?” Greg asked suspiciously.
Tony Cavallo Moran didn’t know the name of the servant.  It didn’t matter, as they were interchangeable and easily replaced.  “Well, Seb, looks like we’ll have to stop there, doesn’t it?” He gave his wife a tight smile, flapping the tablet cover closed.  The cold look he received from his  darling helpmeet was par for the course, and upset him not one bit.  His position was secure.  For now.
Or that Sherlock Holmes, who so frequently and ostentatiously forgot his own brother’s birthday always managed to quietly schedule Harry’s time with their children to occur on John’s sister’s birthday,or the celebration of Harry’s time dry, or at a moment when Clara was visiting - illustrating to Harry’s ex that her former partner was not irredeemable.
Glorious.  Well, the food was good.  The sex was great, as Seb didn't care who else he took to his bed, so long as he was discrete and didn't give her an STD.  The workload was easy.  Easier, anyway, than reviewing higher level Latin and maths with spoiled college students.  The boy was respectful – couldn’t be otherwise with Seb’s expectations – and interested in the subjects they worked on together.  It was creepy to be addressed as “Father”, even though he’d known the boy for the child’s entire life.
The dvd of the growing baby (via sonogram) lay on the top of the dvd player.  Greg and Mycroft had viewed it at least a dozen times, and were waiting to show it to Sherlock and John when they came to pick the children up.  The baby was shy, but Greg was certain it was a little girl.
“Irene Adler is the link. Mycroft wants me to go to Canada and talk to her,” came out finally.
“Oh, but don’t you and John want this room?” she protested.
“Now,” he pulled a plastic shower cap from the box and fitted it over John’s blond hair up to the hairline.  “Hold still, John.”  The paisley sheet went to cover their Daddy from his neck down.
did not go down well with Ross and Miri.  Miri started to cry as soon as they wheeled the pram to the grotto.  Ross, when presented with the roundly padded man in red, grabbed hold of his beard, which was, unfortunately for him, real and not spirit gummed on, and would not let go as she tried to stuff the long threads of wispy white into her mouth.
Sitting on the old wooden folding chair that Mrs. Hudson kept outside for “nice days”,  John began a list of necessary purchases for Siger’s project on his mobile.  Containers.  Top soil.  Something other than an old spoon to dig with.
Sherlock Holmes was forced to jolt his brain to a stop from its previous course.  An unexpected question, certainly, from his eldest child.  Father instead of Père?  Sherlock said,
“I can think of none,” the taller of the two said with surprise.
“You picked the most sentimental of the lot to start off with, John.”  Sherlock slouched into the room and took his place, laid out on the sofa, legs dangling over the arm.
“John?” Came the baritone form the stop of the steps. “I trust you.” Then the click of the door shutting behind him. John could hear him tending to Miranda over the monitor.
Siger translated, “Miri does not understand why there is a tree in the sitting room.”
“What is it?” Sherlock groaned, coming out from under the duvet and sheets, “So that I can go back to sleep.”
“Yes, yes, we won’t stop their training in logical thinking or whatever their interests are.  Does that really need to be said, John?” huffed Sherlock.
Truth be told, he usually did not.  Who would expect a bit of carefully cleaned bone illustrating a medical discussion the pair of them had enjoyed in a cab on the way to the train station a month ago.  Or Mrs. Hudson always seeming to show up with the right kind of biscuits after a very long day at the surgery.  He’d had no idea that Sherlock had manipulated their landlady into baking them at that moment.
“No Daddy,” Siger said as he settled down next to his father.  “This one is mine.  It has an ‘es’,” and he showed the envelope to John.
“I know that,” she told him loftily. “I’m going to have a pen name.”
Siger thought it was a good night, watching a film with Pere.  And the pair of them fell asleep on the sofa.  Siger was sound asleep on top of his father when Pere turned off the telly, and put out the light.
Mycroft stirred uneasily.  “It occurred to me that you might wish to tell him in your own way.  You are in a better position to facilitate the notification without John raging out the door to the address on the dossier demanding a return of his blood kin.”
put his hand on the upper arm of Daddy’s woolen jumper.  “John?” he asked.
“I like,” Siger announced, “the part where Jim is hiding in the apple barrel.  And Ben Gunn.  Daddy always has to eat cheese after reading it.”
Gregory Lestrade choked.  “I forgot how literal they are at this age” he said as he mopped up his precious Arsenal shirt.
Sherlock gave a chuff for a comment, then began to read.  “You’ve known this for six months?” he growled, “Two labs.  Two of them! Not just the Initiative?”
The older, bird like woman turned and smiled tiredly, “I’m alright John. Don’t worry about me.  It’s just,” her voice broke slightly, “It will be a lot of work to get it all squared away again.”
Tom seemed to be thinking better of his previous strong statement.  “Well, there are ways of helping out at a shelter if you’d like to take care of some dogs, little lad.”  Turning to John he said, “They call it ‘socialization’.  People spending time with cats and dogs.  And other animals, truth be told.  I can give you the number if you’d like.”
“What do we have here?” came from a husky constable that John could just see beyond the light from the torch.
Miri has a liking for Hello Kitty.
John, who had already ordered two books for his husband, one on a dyslexic spy, and another on the murder of four girls in a yogurt shop, suggested, “Would you like to get him some socks?”
In the next car, a silver sedan, the driver was less informative, and even less entertaining.  John received a key card, and a folder when the car stopped in front of a small, modern house.  Grabbing his overnight from the backseat, and his satchel from the trunk, he was left standing alone in the drive.  “I’m not used to being alone anymore,” the doctor said outloud.
“A skeleton?” Daddy asked in surprise.
rosined up his violin and played the piece just for Siger, who danced and played air violin as he buzzed around the room.
Shopping with preschoolers is only slightly less terrifying than attempting it with toddlers. Granted, Siger was in school, and old enough to help keep an eye on his sisters.  The red-haired boy had inherited his father’s ability to become absorbed in things that others did not see.  John had mostly cured him of shouting out the secrets of everyone around them.  What Siger found fascinating was usually not the most frightening of darknesses, but was often humiliating to the subject.
“I thought he might,” Sherlock admitted.  “You’re clearly the type he favours.  Fertile, as proved by the children, shy, and not the model type.  And the distraction you and the children caused allowed me to glance through the order book behind the counter.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John Watson took a deep breath.  He said carefully, “The earth - that’s the planet we live on - turns around the sun.  That going around the sun is called an ‘orbit’.  But the earth is tilted.”  John leaned toward the side. "While it orbits, it also spins around itself, and each spin is one day."
These things sort of take their time.  As Siger helps his
“Rainbows, Daddy! Come and see!” Joy pointed toward the front of the house.
“Got it,”
“‘And there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch over their flocks at night.  An angel of the Lord appeared to them, and the glory of the Lord shone around them, and they were terrified.  But the angel said to them, ‘Do not be afraid.’”
For a wonder, there was no call from Lestrade. Bert remained downstairs. Alice Brown closed up the office and went home for the night. The children were fed, bathed, and put to bed after a fairly short and easily read book.
Whatever Will noticed in Siger’s tone, he stopped fighting long enough for the boy to hoist the baby up and settle him on Siger’s back, tightening the straps, fastening them together.  The baby was unwieldy, no matter how he was being held, and Siger was trying to move quickly.  He thought that, perhaps, he felt the room getting hotter.
going through some cold case files to pay Uncle Greg back for feeding the rats while we’re under our, as he put it, self-imposed quarantine.”
“Win the World Cup, I think,” John grinned as he said, “Get through school without disgracing myself.  And date the prettiest girls in my class.”
I keep wondering when they're going to show Sherlock's cottage in the tv show.
John hung the chart back on its hook before leaning forward to brush a gentle finger along the red-faced infant’s rounded cheek.  “Hello, Sweet,” he said softly.
It had not, of course, been that easy.
Mycroft was reading him. A flick of the eye as he took in body language, John’s tone of voice, his phrasing. “You know that she is alive. Sherlock must have told you. We would like you to speak to her. As our agent. Find out names, and any more information that you can obtain about Moriarty’s supposed successors.”
“Daddy?” Siger asked when they left the shop, “Why were they stealing?  The woman had money in her pocket.  And her purse.  It was evident.  They were laughing about it in the aisle.  And it wasn’t even for a case.”
Mycroft pretended surprise, “Did you not know that the children were listening to your conversation?”
“It will be nice to see Dr. Jack and Mary again,” said Jeanette.  She’d never met Mary Watson, in spite of carrying her fertilized eggs to term.
says meat, and biscuits, and bread, and coffee.  Daddy says beer, too.”  After this exposition, Siger took an enormous bite of his ham sandwich.  The mustard was brown too, but that was not part of a Maillard reaction, so he did not bring that into the conversation.
and Daddy came home.  They checked all correspondence that Siger was allowed to open.  The christmas cards?  Even if they were not directly addressed to Siger, it was one of Siger’s chores to open them, and then to place them on the shelf.  He could just reach it by standing on the Daddy’s chair.
“Got it!” crowed Sherlock Holmes as he loosened Ross’s fingers from the now quite sticky beard.
John inserted a word in, “Greg is staying here, isn’t he?”
A bright grin, and the boy handed his Père’s mobile to his daddy.
.  So
“And medical men and women,” Sherlock added.
“Daddy said that, did he?” came Sherlock’s amused baritone.
“I should hope so,” smirked his partner, “In fact, that would be quite enjoyable.”
His sisters nodded heads vigorously in agreement, and concluded the discussion by putting their plushies to bed.  It was not long before Daddy called up the staircase, “Time to eat!” and the children went downstairs to begin their investigation.
John Watson stuck his head in the door from the kitchen, to involve himself in the conversation.  “Anyone playing Arsenal,” before he disappeared back to continue setting up the vital supplies required for an afternoon of watching football on telly.
or Daddy or Bert or Grammy Hudson, or whomever put them to bed at night chose to read went to the far left of the shelf.  Books on the far right and bottom shelf tended to be books that they had never read, that the children were not old enough for yet, or that the adults did not care to read.
set, acting out the story for his sisters, and notified his Daddy when Miri went off crawling again.  Daddy got a very nice series of photographs of the whole process, which he showed to Siger before sending off in a text message to
Stretching her arms toward the blank whiteness of the ceiling, Miranda shook her long, honey blonde plait over her shoulder and bent to crack the stiffness in her back before gathering up supplies for stowing into the duffle, an army green canvas bag that her Dad had supplied.  “Keep your art supplies neat with this,” he’d told her when the bag appeared so many Christmases ago.
Siger gave him a commiserating look.  “It’s okay, Dad.  I’ll help you get it all off when we get home.”
Dropping, falling to the ground to land bloody and still in a bubble of silence while all around there were screams and shouting and movement.
And if Siger fell asleep halfway through the game, in spite of John’s and Greg’s whooping and jumping around, it was still the beginning of sharing something special to his Daddy and Unka Greg.
“Nice job, Siger Sweet,” and John leaned down to kiss the top of that curly head.
“Right you are, son.  I brought some of it with,” and the farmer pulled a somewhat muddy plastic bag from his pocket.
“Someone is watching you, you know,” came a clear voice to his right.
How exciting!  “The piece is alright?” Miranda asked with anxiety.  It was truly her favorite bit of jewelry, and she’d be disappointed if it got damaged.  “Oh, not Oliver?” that would also be disappointing.
She is long gone, I find that I miss everything about her.  The kisses, the way she fixed grapefruit for a special breakfast, the way she dressed, her strong will, and the way she loved her family.
Hoisting the jug of milk, he stepped firmly from the curb and up to the doorway, juggling a ring of keys to open the locks. The milk stayed in the foyer, perched on the oak buffet against the wall, while he checked in with Alice Brown in the office downstairs. Bert was there, stretched out on the office couch reading a spy novel, and generally keeping the office manager company as she updated their online schedule. John then knocked gently on Mrs. Hudson’s door for a moment to chat. When he could not put it off any longer, he climbed the wooden stairs to home.
“How old are you?”  Sherlock asked.
“Yes,” Mycroft agreed.  “It is a very happy Christmas.”
“Is it a dead body?” Siger asked excitedly.  Because that’s what Daddy told him to check before going off with
Siger sighed wistfully.  “I wish I could go skating,” he commented.
"Here is Livy’s “Lives of the Saints”, though I hardly think you’ll have time to finish reading this copy before your arraignment, as it’s due long before then.  Since it’s an interlibrary loan, we won’t be able to renew it.”
Hoisting the jug of milk, he stepped firmly from the curb and up to the doorway, juggling a ring of keys to open the locks. The milk stayed in the foyer, perched on the oak buffet against the wall, while he checked in with Alice Brown in the office downstairs. Bert was there, stretched out on the office couch reading a spy novel, and generally keeping the office manager company as she updated their online schedule. John then knocked gently on Mrs. Hudson’s door for a moment to chat. When he could not put it off any longer, he climbed the wooden stairs to home.
. You and Daddy are happy most times.”
“I’ve never read
“Oh,” said Sherlock.  “Well, yes.  Robert Louis Stevenson wrote a poem about the frustrations of going to sleep when there's so much going on.  I’ve been reading
Siger pointed up, toward the top of the book shelf.  Sherlock, had taken in that there were new cards  upon his entrance into the room, but had not paid much attention beyond that.  He now stood and went to examine the trio of identical cards.  Without commenting, he returned to Siger.  “Show me,” he said to his son, “What you are making.”
“Hey,” he said when his spouse answered the Skype call, “It’s too neat here. I don’t know how i’ll stand it.”
Siger thought a bit.  Then he said steadily and sing-song, , “In winter I get up at night and dress by yellow candle-light.  In summer, quite the other way, I have to go to bed by day.”
“Well, it was in the first box I stumbled over when I left bed this morning.”  His husband raised an eyebrow before taking a long and apparently satisfying sip of English Breakfast.
“Happy Christmas, Sherlock,” John replied with a quick kiss.
John looked up to smile at Ross standing in the doorway.  She was wearing Siger’s old bee PJs.  “Climbed out of bed again, Ross Love?”
A visit to the living Crèche.
For Sherlock, the fall was not the difficult part.  It was somewhat enjoyable.  Dropping off of the Barts roof had been an adventure, the excitement of the leap, the free-fall flight down onto the airbag, the race to get to the ground with the tennis ball secured in his armpit to successfully fool John.  The retreat to his mind palace to help him still and cold when John came to identify the body.  All of that would have been fun to have John in on, if he only was not so terrible at hiding emotion.  John would have liked the plan too, if it had been John doing the saving.  John would have done it all for Sherlock.  It would have been freeing for them both, instead of just for Sherlock.
Knuckles clenched white over the push bar of the trolley, John tried not to walk too quickly for Siger.  He muttered darkly, until he found what he was looking for.  The woman’s hectoring continued until she saw the manager, a large competent woman, who was cheerful until she caught sight of John’s angry face.   “Shoplifter, young boy, green hoodie.  He’s heading out the door now. His accomplice is the woman shouting behind me.”
Breakfast there was.  Not a full English, but certainly bacon, and beans on toast, which suited Siger.  And it was enjoyed on the floor of the front room with everyone in their night clothes (though with freshly changed nappies for the girls). Ross seized the opportunity to roll toward the piles of presents.  Sherlock snatched her up again and again, a game - little, dark-haired girl in a red and blue striped onesie rolling about, and her father, wearing his gorgeous brocaded dressing gown over well-worn tee shirt and pajama bottoms leaning over to pick the girl up and blow a raspberry against her cotton clad belly before setting her down on her Aunt Harriet’s afghan in front of the couch.
In the wait before takeoff, John took the time to examine his fellow travelers.  Woman in front of him, traveling with her small dog.  Her complaints and whinging to the flight attendant was yappier than the puppy.  John felt a measure of sympathy for the ball of fluff, quietly frightened as his carrier was wedged into the seat by the window. At least it wasn’t stowed in the hold.  John had read about animal deaths in the unheated, unpressurized depths of air transport.
Friendly hands reached to help them out.  John asked, “Do you know what they wanted?”
Sherlock Holmes examined Sergeant Donovan, who was clearly here in an official capacity, after being called in on her day off.  Siger, who was almost always polite told her, “We are here to see Father Christmas.  But he was unsatisfactory.”
Some things are the same each year, and some things change.
“Yes,” was the response, simple enough, but Greg was not certain how to read the expression on Mycroft’s face.
“And then there’s the issue of developmental readiness,” John added.
“Just like you, Daddy!” Siger’s grin looked so much like Sherlock’s.  It was the uninhibited openness of his face that made it all his own.  “
“You’ve never had ham with bananas?  You’ve had it with raisin sauce, haven’t you?” Daddy grinned at them.  Siger decided that Daddy was having a joke with
John cornered his spouse in the bedroom.  Well, actually, he flopped over on the just waking consulting detective, his shorter, compact body, on top of his lover’s tall, spare one.  One leery eye glared at the doctor from just above the covers.  “Well?” Sherlock did not sound excited to be woken by his partner, in spite of the positioning.
“I,” Mycroft lowered his voice, making it as inviting as possible, “look forward to that.”
run away, after all.  That’s what sixteen year old boys do.  Whatever the reason, we pitch up on the narrow platform at Arundel’s pretty, geranium-swagged station at about half past four on a sunny Tuesday afternoon in August, the pair of us sweltering in the heat and bad tempered from the journey.  We take a taxi, not into the castle town, but along the narrow little valley road opposite the station to the village that was home to the missing child.  I have booked us into the local country house hotel.  There was no room at the pub.  A village wedding seems to require people to stay all week, the receptionist tells us; that, combined with the polo at Cowdray Park nearby, means they are completely booked solid.  And of course, she makes the usual assumption.  This time the consequences are not something we can ignore.
‘Only by five years-‘
‘You’re outside as it is.’
I snap.
John said, ‘Dead men don’t go food shopping.’
‘No, I don’t suppose he did.’  Not if he was interested in quantum mechanics, at any rate.
I hate to admit that he as a point.
‘Yes, John-Matthew got a scholarship.  His parents struggled a bit, you know, the uniform and everything.  It all adds up, and I don’t think
Sharing a bed with someone for the first time, even someone you know as well as I do Sherlock, is something of a minefield.  Especially when both of you are the same sex and also heterosexual.  And Sherlock is heterosexual, before you ask - I know that because of Irene Adler.  (But we never speak of her.)
‘But you had reservations about their friendship,’ I say, raising an eyebrow to probe.  As usual, I am asking the bulk of the questions because Sherlock is looking around the place like a magpie in search of sparkly things.  Mrs Bennett casts him a curious look but still answers my question.
s me.  But not tonight.  Tonight it is the man shivering beside me, rolled up into a ball with his back to me.  And yes, we are both heterosexual men, but I do what you do when you care for somebody, regardless.  I reach out and I pull him into my arms.  That shaking body of a man.  I take him and hold him, and he tucks his head into the space between my breastbone and my jaw, and he sobs, and I coo and hush and press kisses to his dark curls until the shaking subsides and the breathing steadies, and even though my t-shirt is now soaked through and I am awake in the middle of the fucking night, I don’t care, I really don’t.
‘So this book?’
They were running out of milk.
John said, ’You make a lot of toast for a dead man.’
I stare up the hill at the looming shape of the Catholic cathedral.  It is beautiful, Gothic, and above all, pointy.  Seems like a perfect metaphor for what loving Sherlock feels like.  I love him.  I know he loves me.  But it was never physical.  Until now.  How can sharing a bed for one night have changed everything.  Changed the integral polarities of my desires.
‘It was delicious.  You are delicious.’
‘What does it look like?  Cooling down!’
‘Oh, Jesus fucking wept!’ I cry, almost leaping off the bed, but he hangs onto my hips and rides the shock out, and then starts doing unbelievable things with his epiglottis, and fuck me if Sherlock Holmes isn’t actually deep throating me!
‘Thought you might like something,’ she says and, leaving the tray with us, she sways away on her swinging hips.
‘Hymns?’ I ask, puzzled.
‘Keep it,’ Sherlock tells him.  ‘It’s got about fifty quid on it.  Just give them a ring sometimes, let them know you’re alright, okay?’
‘You the filth?’
His mouth progresses, rasping and sucking, finding the tender places on my stomach and hips, the sensitive spots that make me squeal or moan.  He works his tongue along my hip bone and down my groin, tugging at my belly hair with his teeth.  He nudges between my legs to lick ribbons of pleasure up my inner thighs, until I am shaking with desire.  He works his way back up then, until he reaches my scrotum, and butts it gently with his nose, breathing deeply the musky odours of my crevices.  He sucks one of my testes into his mouth, and it is at this point that I lose any power of speech that I might have retained.  He seems to like the taste of that one, rolling it on his tongue, because then he tries the other one.  I become aware that I am making an odd keening noise in the base of my throat.  No one has ever done anything like this to me.  Bits of me are singing that I never thought could be sexually responsive.  Especially down there.
Sherlock, tellingly, says nothing.
I am pulling at the buttons on my own shirt when he grins impishly and turns away.
When I have begun to calm, I blink at him, my eyes able to focus once more.
