And what was the coincidence of that?  Still, at least it didn't look alive.  Reports of the Red Skull said he did have actual flesh, and he hadn't looked like a bone skull in Steve's memories.  Come to think of it, there had been a skull giving off light in the vision.  This one wasn't glowing though.
"But...  I killed Kor'la'vin," Susan said, the empty ache coming back.  "Heroes aren't supposed to..."
It was four days before Tony could sneak out again to look for the crystals.  He made good time on the cave-in, at least.  By his estimate, he might be out of here by the end of the week.  The thought sent a pang through him, but he pushed it to the side as he checked on Steve again.
He missed Bucky.  Bucky always knew what to do when Steve got like this, braving Steve at his worst with a hug or a witty phrase.  Bucky was
Steve could see him gearing up to go on the offensive, so he hastened to explain.  "Someone once told me that after... after Bucky died.  She said it wasn't my fault, because Bucky chose to follow me, and he'd have gone even knowing what would happen.  I'm willing to bet Rhodes was the same.  Anyone you trust with those suits would have to be a hell of a person.  Someone you thought deserved to pilot one.  But he made that choice to put it on."
"Pepper is also acting strangely," Natasha said, her arms crossed over her chest.  "And she's not as skilled at acting, but she's good at hiding when she wants to.  Something is wrong, and they're both covering it up."
"Christ, you were, weren't you?" Tony asked, answering his own question.  "It's a wonder Snowflake didn't kill you outright.  Also a good thing I didn't know, because that's about when we-"
"Steve," Tony said, feeling raw and vulnerable in ways that scared him more than even the cold darkness had.  It was like Steve had seen into his soul then picked out pieces of it.  Tony didn't understand how Steve could see all that despite all of Tony's faults.  It was like the name was what Tony could be if he were actually-
Tony breathed out, closing his eyes against the relief that washed through him.  The dragons were real.  Completely impossible, but Rhodey believed him.
"You were hurt?" Tony asked, looking up at Steve sharply.  Or he tried to, but the motion made his head swim.
Steve quirked his wing in agreement and Tony was surprised to find his words taken at face value.  Then again, if Steve had seen into his mind while he'd been thinking of Hydra the first time, he might have seen some of what they were capable of.
"You're saying I need to flex muscles I never use?" Tony said with a pained chuckle.  "It's... Wait.  That's not even your fault, Steve!  Great, now he's sulking again."
Tony very carefully blanked his mind of those memories, knowing they only brought more pain to both of them.  He wondered what sort of pain Wanda as a human carried around.  "Jewish?" he asked.
"You fly better than me now, yeah?" Kes continued, taking the helmet where Susan had left it.  "I'm not... I couldn't fight or train while...  so it's yours now.  You deserve the title."
this man, computer program or no.  He took Tony's hand again, kissing the ring he gave Tony so many years ago.  Each wrinkle and white hair only served to remind Steve of the reverence he still felt when remembering Tony was
"Good luck," she said.  "You'll need it.  And for the record, I hope you succeed.  He needs more people who will give him a chance."
Steve started, looking around.  He didn't see anyone in the alcove, but that sounded like Tony's voice.  It was coming from the other side of the hedge.
"I never said that," Steve said in exasperation.  "Jane decoded a partial message and called me to say the portal would kill you.  And you knew that."
Sighing, Rhodey shook his head.  "Look, I just wanna know when you're going to make an honest man out of Tony, because God knows he needs it."
"It's late.  The moss light is fading.  The crystal Viper stole won't be fully charged yet," she said.
The door of the train offered very little resistance to a pair of repulsors, and she took out the remaining guards before she even had a chance to look around.  It was a small cabin, with very little to look at except for dead guards and...
But the small, traitorous voice in his mind said that Steve used to be able to stand in the same room as him without
Steve figured, but it had been worth a shot.  It still burned lowly in his gut and he resisted the urge to punch the wall again.  "Can you patch me through to Iron Man then?" he asked, because if anyone could help with Stark, it would be him.
Steve shook his head.  "The world doesn't need a relic that's grieving.  It needs someone that can help protect it."  Tony looked stricken at the words, but Steve pushed forward, because he wasn't sure he could finish if he stopped now.  "I didn't have anyone left that I wouldn't be a burden to.  I got locked in my head because I couldn't put my problems on anyone else.  You helped with that, and gave me something to focus on that wasn't from the 40s.  You helped me through so much, Shellhead.  You were a friend when I needed it most."
Tony lilted to the side, coughing again.  "Sorry," he said, a bit of blood smeared on his goatee.  "The radiation here is still off the charts.  Hydra bombs over-performed.  I don't have much time left.  Just - tell no one.  Don't tell Pepper, don't tell Rhodey.  Don't tell Natasha or the other Avengers.  And for fuck's sake,
"I think that you believe it," Rhodey interrupted.  "And those were a hell of a lot of details for a hallucination.  You're inventive, but not that much."
"Though I guess you might already know who he...  Anyway, I see him at a lot of these things and he never asks or anything, usually just takes off to the nearest bush.  He always compliments the staff though.  He's a real down-to-earth guy."
Rhodey leaned back, shaking his head.  "Seriously, Cap?  You sulk for two weeks every time Tony has a business trip and misses your lunches together.  Not to mention your drawings you post."
"He what?" Steve asked.  Iron Man prodding the Hulk was one thing.  Inadvisable, still, but something the team had come to accept.  Tony didn't have a suit of armor in case something went wrong though.  He wasn't trained like Natasha or Clint either, who were both now familiar with fighting with the Hulk.
the blue dragon wavering.  He didn't like this mind-reading business.  It felt too open.  Too vulnerable.  But if it meant anything...  "For what it's worth, I'm trying to stop the army that has been looking for this place," Tony said, wincing as he tried to take a deep breath and remember his ribs.
Steve wanted to say yes.  That of course they would have.  But if Steve hadn't overheard Rhodey and Tony talking and been determined to stick with Tony because of that, would they have really?  Or would Tony just have been the odd, insensitive and slightly reprehensible man who gave money and equipment to the Avengers?  Steve definitely would have preferred having Iron Man around than being polite to the rich son of a dead friend.  It had been his own feelings that morning that had driven Steve's promise, thinking of how Iron Man always listened but never defended the man who made the suit.  The one who'd been in it all along. Steve swallowed, his stomach clenching into knots. This whole situation was a mess.
only rocks.  None of them looked even remotely dragon-like.  The mural was gone as well.  It was just an empty dead end of a cave.  "He was here," Tony said.  "He was
He heard the door open, but didn't turn to look.  It was a bit early for Pepper to come, but she sometimes checked in between meetings when she had the chance.  He wasn't expecting a male voice, and he reached for his shield automatically before forcing himself to relax.  Only authorized people could get past JARVIS to this room.
Ms. Potts laughed.  It was a nice sound, and he got the feeling she didn't laugh enough as it was.  "I'll take your word on that.  The word of Captain America must mean something, right?"  She stood and offered her hand.  "It was a pleasure meeting you, Captain.  You're right that Mr. Stark is busy, but I'll see if I can slip you in next week."
"Tell me, Captain.  Any of those bullies you so famously fought all across Brooklyn," Stark said, leaning forward with sharp eyes that seemed like they wanted to cut through Steve with their bitter, jagged edges.  "Did any of them stop being bullies?  Or did they move on to easier pickings?"
"But how will they find you again?" Tony tried to push Thor away, but Thor was stronger than him on a good day.  Neither of them answered his question, which made Tony think it must have been too slurred and Steve's earlier answer had simply been a good guess to try to comfort Tony.  "No, you can't..."
He barely noticed Sam leaving as he went up to Steve, his legs nearly buckling under him.  "Where did you - Holy smokes, you're
"It'll do," Fury said eventually.  Steve let out a short breath of relief. He was getting away with it.  "Sounds like Potts got to you first.  I've seen her fingers on cover stories before.  But keep that on paper, Rogers.  You can't lie for shit."
Kes was hugging her tightly before Susan knew she was moving.  Susan automatically hugged her back.  "Kes..."
Steve walked up behind Tony, unsure if he should interrupt or not.  He didn't think he should be listening like this, but he also didn't want to stop Tony from telling his past self something he might need to hear.  "And I don't mean trusting him with your life," Tony continued, "because I know you already do that.  But you can trust him to stay.  I know it sounds crazy, but he
"You know that for sure?" Steve pivoted and advanced on Iron Man, placing a finger on the arc reactor.  "He's a super villain and you're trusting him?  You're trusting him a hell of a lot more than us, if that's the case.  What do you know, Shellhead?"
a chance?' hung in the air.  Steve really couldn't speak for the others, but he had a feeling they'd be willing to give Tony a shot.  It was too much of an empty promise though if he was wrong.
and Tony had to leave this place once he opened the crevasse he'd fallen into.  He apparently needed to find someone to fall in bed with once he was back, if the slightest bit of intimacy turned his head.
"Steve, I can do a lot of things, but I can't answer that question for you."  Natasha's voice was gentle as she placed a hand on his arm.
Carefully, Tony pulled away again from Steve to feel along the line of Steve's leg.  There was a crude splint made from what was probably a tree branch and torn bits of parachute, and Steve was, in fact, just wearing his boxers.  Tony wondered how wet Steve's clothes must have gotten, for him to shed most of them like that.
His phone beeped, and he put down the drawing of Peggy he'd been doing.  Picking it up, he raised an eyebrow, then looked at Wanda.  She waved.
They were hard for Tony to get down, but not bad enough that he had to actually climb them and the walking stick helped.  "Do all dragon buildings have stairs?" he asked, wondering why dragons might need them at all.
Tony closed his eyes, taking a deep breath.  He remembered the sheer grief from Steve's nightmare and knew he couldn't go through that.  "I'm sorry, Steve," Tony whispered, not wanting Viper to hear it.  "I can't let them do it."
"Doom is surprisingly trust worthy.  Just bring your A-game because he is a tricky bastard and he will try to take you for all you're worth.  He stopped Jane from seeing the rest of the message and didn't hurt Clint and Natasha, so don't worry about that.  Start working on your stealth armor and one for Pepper.  She'll need yours to fool Kang, but she'll want her own after.  Also, I'm throwing in the repulsor heels I designed.  She may not think so at first, but honestly, she wears those suckers more than she wears her Jimmy Choos."
"She's like a knight," Tony said finally.  "Every time she makes a short jump, she doesn't have time to set a destination.  She goes forward or back 30 meters and to the right 10.  130 degrees, now!"
And then Tony understood.  Steve was curious about... human things.  Tony fought down a blush, because he really had no shame when it came to sex, but going to the bathroom was different.  "It's, ah, not polite in many human societies to look," Tony said, reminding himself that this was like any of the new cultures he had visited in his travels, and even some of those had different meanings of the word 'privacy'.
There was a long pause before Steve spoke again.  Tony discovered a lightning attack in the mean time, and that was cool.  It made him think of Thor.
"No plan survives a meeting with the enemy," Tony said, unable to help the smile that crossed his face.  That was one of the things he always loved about Steve.  "Not even one of Captain America's plans."
Sam looked over at him, slowly detangling himself from Steve as he made his way to Tony.  "We met briefly before, but I'm-" Crimson, white, onyx.  Soaring phoenix in the sky.  Flexible as branches swaying in the wind, but sturdy as the roots buried deep in the ground.  "But Peggy told me to say my name is Sam."
Steve took a step back, baffled.  He could understand Iron Man still being angry, but this didn't make any sense.  "Maybe you should have Tony check you over," Steve said, his hands up in surrender.
He looked at the dais he and Steve had been on, the pump keeping his heart beating feeling heavier as the moment went on.  Touching and sharing was second nature to the dragons.  He knew better than to snap like that when it came to cultural differences.  Just because he was feeling jumpy didn't mean he should have yelled at Steve.  They had all been pretty good at waiting until he was watching to touch him, but Steve had obviously gotten distressed when Tony had.  If he'd just kept up higher walls instead of letting himself become morose...
Steve couldn't help but wonder if Iron Man had talked specifically about him.  He ducked his head, because of course not.  Iron Man didn't feel the same.  Steve wouldn't exactly be opposed if Tony had been asking about him though.  The food was nice, and it woke him up the rest of the way.
"Resist," Tony said glumly.  "It's a long process though.  I'm tracing the resistance again to see if we can make contact."
"Tony..."  Steve reached out with his good hand to touch Tony's shoulder.  "Tell me what's going on.  Why are you making a machine that will kill you?"
The door was open when he got to the base hospital, and he leaned in the door way to see what was going on.  Colonel Rhodes looked peaceful, the bruises still visible but fading.  It was only the number of tubes protruding out of him that said there was anything too wrong.  The doctor said they could ship him home in a couple of weeks, once they were sure the internal injuries were healed and Rhodes was really stable.  It would at least be easier for Tony to visit there.
Steve closed his eyes, taking a breath as he tried to let the words sink in.  It was probably going to be a long time before he stopped having those nightmares.  Iron Man's words soothed some of the queasy feeling in his stomach though, which was enough for now.
Steve lowered his shield, but didn't put it away.  "And what deal was that?  You still have Romanov and Barton held-"
Steve was still holding his hand, Tony realized.  And now Steve was raising it to his lips, pressing a single kiss to Tony's knuckles.  "Good," he said simply.
"You have several bruises and cuts, but are otherwise unharmed, Ms. Potts," JARVIS said, coming from the suit's speakers.  "You performed quite admirably, and no one was hurt in the fight."
Thor had been standing protectively over Tony, but he stood aside when Rhodey clanged closer.  The face plate shot up despite how cold it was and Tony could see a pair of worried brown eyes looking down at him.  "Thought I told you not to worry me like that," Rhodey said, his voice rough without the suit.
"She will be charging the crystal," Wanda replied calmly.  "And if she has remained hidden from us this long, it is unlikely we will find her in time.  We will find her when she seeks us."
Rhodey totally would do both if it meant saving him, but Tony didn't call the bluff.  "Where's Pep?"
"I'll stick with Steve," Tony said, patting Steve's arm.  "But it's nice to meet you when you're not trying to kill me."
Tony sighed, relaxing but not meeting Steve's eyes anymore.  He gave Rhodey a smile, though it wasn't the blinding one Steve had seen Tony give when Rhodey had first woken up.  Then he looked over to Doom.
"But don't get up to greet me," Tony said, fully coming into the room as he poked at his own wound.  "With your broken leg and all.  You could always get a peg leg.  Or is that against your ninja code?"
."  Tony felt the anger in the voice, the betrayal.  "He was thinking of an army razing the city to the ground!"
"Bruce said you'd only been eating fruit," Steve said, walking back over to the tray.  "It's not much, but I thought you might want something."
Steve nodded.  As much as he wanted to go in there with her, he could understand her need to see him first.  It killed him a little that he didn't have that privilege.  But it wasn't like Tony had really given him an answer before...
"Thank you," JARVIS said, a warmth in his voice Steve had only ever heard directed at Iron Man. At Tony.  "I must apologize for my inability to warn everyone about Dr. Doom's arrival."
"I take that back," Iron Man said, and Steve could hear anger and panic in the synthesized voice.  "It is Doom circuitry, according to Mr. Stark.  It's also
"Not to us, not directly.  But the chaos clings to him.  He is a nexus of what must come," Wanda said, moving carefully away.  Her tail swished after her as she walked.  "I must consult the mural again."
He felt the red dragon's mind brushing up against his and shivered.  It felt like a hand was brushing over the heart pump, too close and too terrifying.  "How about I think of different names and you choose from those?" he asked, taking another step back despite his foot, feeling unsettled.
Susan pondered that for a while, trying to put her thoughts together.   "If you weren't a hero, why did you create Iron Man?"
"It's still insane," Tony said, shaking his head.  Steve looked down, the rejection stinging.  Then Tony continued, "But it could work.  I think Iron Man can come up with a few ways to get his attention and force contact."
convenience, he supposed.  Tony snorted, then climbed over Steve's neck and settled between the spikes, because the need was getting rather pressing.
But his worrying was for naught when Tony waltzed in like he owned the place, which he did technically.  Bruce was used to Tony's antics, Thor amused by them, and Steve was starting to see the kinks in Tony's own personal armor when the day started with Mario Cart and went well.  Even if Tony bemoaned Bruce being better than him at backgammon.
Once JARVIS assured him it was secure on the jet, Steve tried to think of anything else he could do to extend the time just a little longer without wasting it, but everything was falling into place.  He went to the barracks and packed both of their things, then left to retrieve Tony.
"I'll cover for you here and keep trying to raise Iron Man," Natasha agreed.  "Though if he's caught up in this too, that might be why we haven't seen him around much recently."
," Tony said as she slowly straightened back up, taking a moment to just breathe as the shock of hitting the wall faded.  "You have no injuries beyond some pretty spectacular bruises," Tony continued, his voice like a balm as she scanned for any more threats.  "And a very long lecture from Captain America about clever plans not including running into walls and scaring him half to a second death, but he's proud of you too.  That was definitely a plan worthy of the red and gold."
"Have you told the rest of the team about who he is?" Rhodey asked finally, his voice a little stronger.
"You can talk about what's happened since the last time you saw them," Steve suggested, cutting off any reply.  Tony only pouted a little, because Baby Rhodey gave as good as she got when she wasn't being down on herself, and he liked her spark.  He supposed there was something hardwired in the Rhodes' DNA to not take any Stark bullshit unless they were getting into trouble together.  He would take credit for that and consider it a compliment.
"I thought you were supposed to be some kind of genius or something in those stories of yours," Sam said, lightly shoving Tony's shoulder with his wing.  "Of course we do."
"You could just go in and talk to him," she said as he pulled out his earbuds.  That was what Pepper, Rhodey, and even Bruce had said, but Tony didn't bother that with a response.  "Frostbite sucks," he said instead, wiggling his itching toes and hearing Rhodey's voice in his head telling him to behave and not pull off his shoes to scratch them.
"Because I like it when Tony is happy," Rhodey said, his shoulders slumping.  "Which isn't that often lately.  He was happy when he and Pepper were together, happier than I've seen him in a while.  But now that they've broken up..."
Steve had been alive in the dream.  "I'm fine," Tony said, willing the concern of his teammates away.
"Hello?" he called out as he stepped out of the elevator.  He didn't look at the balcony this time, figuring it was better to avoid that again.  It was still his city, no matter how she changed, and she'd come a long way since he'd been in the ice.  He just wasn't quite ready for the all encompassing view again though.
Steve pulled him back into the hug.  "You saved my life and millions of others," Steve said, closing his eyes.  "And you're trying to work out your problems.  What's not to be proud of?"
"I'm fine, ma'am," he said, giving his best stage smile.  Tony took one look at him and Steve had the sinking feeling that he wasn't fooled.
Tony let out a loud guffaw, laughing until he was doubled over.  He was sure Steve and Sam were exchanging worried glances, but after everything and the War... It felt like it had been ages since he'd laughed like this, even before he was involved in the war effort.  He may have been laughing too hard, but he had needed it.  Dear Lord, he had needed that.
"Why not?" Steve replied.  "I like you and think you're attractive.  Even the butterfly agrees with me.  You're a good catch."
"You look like hell," she said as the agents filed out.  There might have been a hint of worry in her tone, but Steve was more preoccupied wishing for sunglasses to block out the fluorescent light.  "What happened?"
." Tony looked up at Steve for the first time, his hands balled into fists in his lap.  "You can't."
"Yes, it was," Tony said, turning away.  He kept his back to Steve as he walked to the rail, gripping it tightly.  He didn't really see the city lights or the stars, just staring straight ahead into the darkness.  Steve hadn't denied the part about his feelings either.
Cobra bowed to her and disappeared the same way he came.  Tony turned back to Steve, ignoring her to see how much blood Steve had lost.  Too much.  Red was staining through his shirt and the blue scales underneath.
Tony stayed quiet, letting Steve talk.  Steve was obviously close to both Sam and Peggy (and apparently a little sweet on the latter at one time), but this sounded deeper.  Relationships in dragon society weren't valued on type as far as Tony could tell from the stories.  Humans valued romantic love, family, and friendship, whereas dragons valued depth and time.  'Bucky' seemed to have the strongest connection to Steve that Tony had ever seen.
Tony sat back down finally, grudgingly. Tony was... Steve didn't want to say spoiling for a fight, because that wasn't true. Tony tried surprisingly hard to get along with everyone on the team despite his original lone wolf act. But he was easy to set off sometimes, especially around Steve.
"We'll let you know.  But you have your human wars to attend to.  Let us get our own problems sorted.  We've managed for the past hundreds of years.  We will do so again."
Tony considered ways to create that effect.  Maybe a suit like his own?  But surely the dragons would have known if it was a suit.  Something small, perhaps?  A mask could do it, but it'd have to be an extraordinarily well constructed mask.  Or perhaps not, given how often humans ended up down here.
to think of the two survivors from the concentration camps and their stories that he heard while helping them into neutral territory.  Not for the sake of hiding it from the dragons, but because there was only so much horror that even Tony could take, and the memory of the gold star the young girl had had to wear and the pink triangle that the man had been forced to wear was a chilling reminder of what could happen everywhere if the United Nations failed.  "I don't want to think about them ever finding this place."
Tony laughed, a bitter and broken sound.  "It doesn't matter what I make," he said, shuddering against Steve.  "Even if I'm not making weapons anymore, it still doesn't fucking
Finally alone with Steve, Tony took a deep breath with all of his circuits.  "Okay, so you're angry at me," Tony said, trying to figure Steve out.  Even angry, Steve should have been
But he did.  And Tony did.  Tony wasn't sure how much of this he could take before his resolve broke.  "Steve, you know it's different with humans.  You could get a blue discharge."
"It's a portal," Jane said.  "That part was easy since it's largely based off my theories, but not enough to report back on.  It doesn't move through space though, just time.  But that's the problem.  Tony said something about the tachyon particles forming a message before he cut us off, so I've been trying to crack that using some of the designs and equations on here.  Which are amazing, by the way.  I build most of my tools, but these are really-"
Tony, and even knowing Steve could easily throw him off, having Steve pinned underneath him settled something in Tony he couldn't quite explain.  He wanted to wrap his arms around Steve, but he knew Steve would get testy about the IV so he settled for fisting his hands in the blue undershirt of Steve's uniform and breathing in the smell of leather and sweat as he curled into Steve's shoulder.  His ribs were hurting like a bitch in this position, but at the moment he didn't care.
"I'm gonna need some help here," he said quietly as he peered out of the open cargo doors to the military base.
"I did," Kes said, reaching out again, this time to dry Susan's tears.  She didn't even know when she'd started crying.  "I promised.  I said I'd protect you so you didn't have to cry anymore."
There was something in Tony's expression that caught Steve off guard, a desolate set to Tony's shoulders that made Steve remember he knew how to cut pretty deeply as well.  It was enough to break through his own fury.  "Damn it, Shellhead, that's not-"
There was a picture on the front, but it wasn't of a baseball player.  It was a man in a ridiculous costume with a cowl that obscured his face and had wings on the side of it.  The whole outfit was red, white, and blue - a walking patriot of Old Glory.  He had a shield with a silver star surrounded by the same colors.  A single star.
"I've always wanted you," Steve said quietly, running his hand through Tony's hair.  "I just never knew how to get you to realize that.  Took me a while to figure you out."
Steve did not yell at them all, but it was a near thing.  "We can donate to some kickstarters of female-led comics," he said.  "And for films too."
Natasha hummed and he could hear clicking noises on the other side of the line as she looked away at something off screen.  "I can't hack his phone.  I'm smart, but even I can't take on Stark security.  I've tried," Natasha said dryly.  "Nearly got through a few times.  I think Stark allows it so he can find the holes in his own if he - Pack a bag, Steve."
Viper was a planner, and a good one, but not well-versed in cutting edge technology.  He was lucky it wasn't Zemo he'd gone up against, or even Strucker who had more experience with the Hydra suits, or the repulsor tech would now be in Nazi hands.  And his heart...
Tony sagged against Wanda.   After that vision she had shown him, part of him wanted nothing more than to check on Steve himself and make sure he was okay.  He wanted to stay in his make-shift home on the roof tonight and never leave it.  But he needed to fix this.  He couldn't start running again, because if he did, he was afraid he'd never stop.
"I'm not the top of my class," she said, her cheeks having a light dusting of rose as she laughed.  "But at least I can still help with her homework.  Maybe one day she can help me with mine!"
Once she was settled, Tony started to make his way through the undergrowth again.  He gave the river a very wide birth, not wanting to tempt fate.  "Dragon crystals?" he asked once he had found his pace again.
Swallowing hard, Steve pushed that particular mental image away because he was pretty sure Tony had cameras down here.  He looked around one more time before settling between two of the display cases and sitting cross-legged on the floor.  He flipped over his sketchbook, turning to a new page.  A blank slate?  Steve wondered if that would be good for him and Tony, or if they both had too much baggage for that to work.
It was different from JARVIS or FRIDAY.  They could take bodies on occasion, but they weren't solid and they'd both expressed a preference to stay that way despite numerous offers of a robotic form.  Her code had been experimental at best, but she had never imagined it would work so well.  "I need...  I need to look at your code, see what I did right."
"I've never been a soldier, Peggy.  At least, never one that was any damn good," Tony said, feeling the weariness set over his shoulders like the world on Atlas's shoulders.
"I can leave you two alone, if you don't want me listening in," Steve said apologetically.  His voice was as clear as if he were crouched right next to Tony.  "I'm sorry.  I should have asked first."
to save whatever it had been.  And the fear in Tony's face when Steve had gotten too close to the portal...
Hiding a smirk, Tony slowly lifted off the ground.  Steve gave up on all pretense of boredom, crawling up to the highest point of the ledge to meet Tony.  "So you
Inwardly, Steve sighed in relief.  He counted that as a step up, that JARVIS no longer stalled Steve from meeting with his creator.  "Can you let him know I'm coming up to speak with him?"
"Call me Steve when we're like this," Steve said, casually running his thumb over Tony's cheekbone.  Then his smile turned wicked.  "Though I don't always mind 'Captain' in the
"I am upholding my side of the bargain," Doom said sharply.  "Doom is a man of his word, and Iron Man has fulfilled his role.  I would not be in his debt."
He nearly fell off the ledge when Steve touched his cheek, only Steve's wing stretched behind him, keeping him from falling over.  "The exhaust doesn't bother you?" Tony asked, trying to look over his shoulder before he remembered his reduced visibility.
"Mute," Tony gasped, hands going to his ears.  The gauntlets ground against the helmet, making the sound worse.  He put them down and fired wildly as he saw red out of the corner of his eye.  Not blood.
"It's... not outside the realm of possibility from what he showed me.  I only knew him for a week though," Natasha said, and the frown remained.
For a brief moment, Tony was tempted to just tell Steve the whole story.  It wasn't like Viper had to know where he'd gotten the crystal from, and it would be easier than hiding it.  Then he focused on his walls and half-truths, because it didn't sit right with him to betray that confidence.  "I thought I heard a scream.  Neither you nor Peggy was here, so I went to look for myself."
Steve stopped moving, his hands coming up so that he held Tony's face.  Tony closed his eyes and sighed as Steve's thumbs brushed over his cheek bones.  "Steve..."
"He bonded with you," Sam said, tail curling around Tony's feet.  "Which means you're also something special.  We look after each other here, and that means you now, too."
"I'm sure his girlfriend appreciated it," Fury said, and it earned him a glare from Steve. "He'd have trusted you even less, Cap.  And would you have bothered to get to know
.  He hadn't really thought of that.  He'd probably have to reseal the crevasse to make sure Hydra would never find it.  But to never see the dragons again after a dance like that...  Tony looked down at the crystal he'd stolen, turning it in his hand.  He hadn't felt this alive in years.  "I'll have to," Tony said, swallowing back the longing.  "The War..."
"I..."  Tony said, debating if he could hide the tablet when Steve wasn't looking.  He doubted it, especially with Steve' looking at him like that, but that didn't mean he couldn't try.
"He was afraid he'd just make things worse," Iron Man said.  "He even kicked me out of the workshop."
Which was a lie.  Maybe that's what it was at the start, but now... that was before the intimacy and the companionship that Tony wasn't even aware he needed.  But he hid that thought deep, because Steve was a
A dragon crystal was near by.  It was glowing faintly, but no where near the bright glow that meant it was fully charged.  The skull marched him right up to it.
"He did," Steve said, pushing the pan aside and holding out a hand to Tony.  "And I think that calls for some kind of celebration, right?"
"Lots of things, sweetheart," Tony said... how weird was it that she was talking to a copy of her five-hundred-year-old great-grandfather?   "But at the moment, I'll settle for the reason my great-great granddaughter is crying."
.  Steve wondered if even another seventy years of sleeping would cure that exhaustion.  He didn't think it would.
She was still waiting there when Tony turned back to wave before sliding past the tree.  Her green dress and jewelery practically glowed in the moss light, like an angel amidst an evil temple.
Steve laughed.  It was a soft chuckle that warmed a part of Tony he hadn't realized was cold.  "You're not gonna like the answer to that."
"I wasn't that bad," Steve said, giving her a mock glare. "Why do people like that sort of thing?" He didn't draw himself for the most part, and the proposal of drawing himself kissing another teammate was daunting.
"And what's the price?" Steve asked, growling softly.  "You had to have known it existed before you went looking for it.  If you could look for the spell before, why didn't you use it earlier?"
Rhodey spoke slowly, letting each point sink in before moving to the next one with an efficiency that Tony always appreciated about him.  It calmed the slowly whirling thoughts in his head that panicked him since they weren't at his normal speed, and Tony nodded, allowing Thor to pick him up.
The light became less painful, but Tony still kept his eyes closed, blocking out Rhodey and Pepper's words no matter how insistent they became.  It wasn't until he felt the warm metal of the armor that he opened his eyes, looking up to see the armor Rhodey started calling War Machine at the start of the War.
A month later, Tony was stretched out on Steve's bed at the Avengers compound.  Moonlight strained in through the glass windows, illuminating the peaceful expression on Tony's face and the scars down his chest.
Tony's shoulders hunched over for a brief second, before he forcibly straightened them.  "I need to call Jeanette to-"  He looked down at his phone, remembering belatedly it needed power.
" Steve said, his eyes wide.  It was strange, seeing Steve with human tells instead of dragon ones.  Tony realized then how much he must have been broadcasting, because Steve was now looking guilty.  "Tony, that wasn't your fault."
There was still that undercurrent of anger he felt from Steve as well.  Tony looked at the low glow of the city's crystals in the distance. He promised to show Steve the stars and now...  now he'd messed everything up.
"Only me and Rhodey.  Well, Pepper might have her own soon too.  Hydra had some for a while, but I destroyed them," Tony said, pushing away the dark memories of it.
"But it was my fault she died," Susan said, her voice breaking.  She didn’t pull away from Tony though, which was a good sign.  "...I didn’t even know her name."
"This is what happened when Hydra dropped a bomb on New York," Tony said as the camera continued to show the view outside.  "This is a timeline without Captain America.  No one even knows he existed once, and only watching him become erased saved him in our memory.  Hydra currently rules a large portion of the globe.  There are resistance fighters, of course, but they've been fighting for generations now without any clear victories.  They're worn down and I can't help them.  But I can fix this.  I can put the timeline back to the way it's supposed to be."
"What was that?" Tony asked, trying to stand.  Between Steve curled around him and his own dizziness, 'trying' turned to 'failing' pretty quick.
He tried to remember if any hangover he had before the serum had been as bad.  He hadn't had many, because Bucky said he got into way too many bar fights after a few drinks and heart attacks were not how Bucky wanted to die according to his friend.  Steve didn't think any of them had hurt this much, though.
"And this is better?" Tony asked bitterly.  Maybe kissing Steve and wanting to explore whatever it was between them right after the fall of SHIELD hadn't been one of his better ideas, but the last thing he needed right now was the emotional equivalent of a pity fuck.  And that was definitely a point against freezing to death.  It may be peaceful, but it was long and drawn out and too cold for him to even get his rocks off one last time.
Steve nodded, letting go of Tony's wrist now that he was staying put to finish tending his knuckles.  He really should clean it out properly, but the Neosporin was in the kit and he didn't want to move further away from Tony.
Finally the pain stopped and Tony gulped down deep breaths.  "Steve?" he asked as soon as he could manage.
"Yeah, and people tell me you're a smart ass who's been sleeping too long," Rhodey said, trying to act casual.  The worry slipped into his eyes, however.  "You okay?"
Surely Tony wouldn't strand him here?  Steve followed Williams to the hangar, but it wasn't the one with the Stark Industries jet.  In fact, Steve didn't see any aircraft when he looked around, though there was a ton of security to get in.  Only...
Wanda helped him to the entrance, flying him back as he tried to process the visions and the bond as well.  He didn't know what to think of the implications of it.  He could still feel Steve in the back of his mind, though it seemed like the dragon's attention was elsewhere - somewhere cold and dark, and Tony shivered at the thought.  He almost reached out to Steve like he had before, but his head was worse than a pounding drum.  It was also an invasion of privacy if Steve wanted to be alone, even if he knew Steve wouldn't mind it.
Tony didn't move back.  He just looked up at Steve like he was expecting a blow, either verbal or physical, Steve couldn't tell.  He expected it and didn't flinch away, like he felt like he deserved it.  It made Steve a little sick.  "I'm starting to want you to make-"
Steve didn't say anything to that.  Wasn't much to say.  He had to fight.  Innocent people would keep dying until he won.  Someone had to take a stand, or the law would fail Timely.  Steve would fail Timely.  Instead of talking, he leaned back on Tony's shoulder, wishing he could convince Tony that he wasn't that broken.
Tony raised the wall again, hiding behind the mental construct and feeling too exposed.  He wasn't a nostalgic soldier.  There was no one waiting for him back home, and he had a heart full of problems to deal with if he managed to survive.
"You were alone in the vision," Steve said, his wings drooping with unhappiness.  "You can't fight that thing alone."
"I don't understand this feeling of yours," Peggy said, her mental voice soft enough that Sharon didn't look up from watching the meat cook with a rapt curiosity.
He jumped at the voices down the hall, pressing too hard on the stick.  Steve winced as he heard the snap, his face falling when he realized he'd broken it.  He was pretty sure he wasn't supposed to do that.
That made Tony pull away again.  "You need to try to heal yourself," he said.  He could move some of the rocks and get them off Steve.  That should help.  He started to stand, but Steve made a low whine that stopped him.  "Steve?"
to use it!" Tony snapped.  Steve could see fear behind the anger in Tony's eyes, though he didn't know if the fear was of dying or of failing.  Maybe both.
Natasha shrugged.  "Could have been worse," she said, and yeah, it really could have been.  "He's not the most attentive when it comes to cooking, especially when he's distracted.  The chicken's too chunky though, that's unusual for him."
"I..." She said, opening her eyes as she tried to push Shadow1's face away, returning to the bright colors of the HUD.  "I have to try."
Tony looked at the floor.  "No, I wasn't," he said, moving back to the holograms with an air of defeat.
"Ask and you shall receive."  A target appeared on the HUD, and she didn't waste a moment as she blasted at the catch.
It was near enough to leave Tony breathless, circuitry for lungs or not.  "You wouldn't dare," Steve spat, but he nodded a fraction, his codes wide open for Tony to sort through.  Like Steve was -
After she left, Steve put his head back down on the desk.  He now had a lot to think about, but he could do this.  He just needed a plan of attack.
It was warmer inside and he could probably walk, but Rhodey didn't let him down and Tony didn't ask.  He had the feeling that he would be cold again even with the air ship's heating if he was put down, and he wasn't sure he could handle that on top of the night.
What he saw on the other side of that wall nearly caused him to drop the gun, even with Jarvis's remembered voice screaming at him about it in his ear.  It was only reflex that stopped him.
leave to avoid her, figuring that was the reason she gave him the courtesy of the warning.  It was a warped definition of consent, but their lives had never exactly been normal.
Leon groaned, and Tony tried to pull away.  Steve held on automatically, until he saw the quickly hidden flash of annoyance on Tony's face.  He let Tony go, guilt creeping up to eat at him.
"I miss it," Steve said, knowing that he more or less hadn't aged while Tony had.  Tony... wasn't always comfortable with the changes his body had gone through.
done for them compared to the rumors.  Steve had been just as guilty at not seeing past the bad press, and he was going to fix that.  Something in his gut twisted as he remembered Stark's tone, knowing he had helped put it there.  Well, he would make an effort to change that.  He couldn't change the past, but he could stop it from getting worse now that he knew it was a problem.
Peggy let him rub her cheek in apology, and he tried to come up with a less touchy subject.  "What are these disturbances in the north?"
"It's not-" Leon started to say, cutting himself off as he caught sight of Cap's sad smile.  He looked down.
"Maybe you shouldn't," Bruce said, hiding a yawn.  "I meant it about him being in a mood.  He seems like the sort that does better with a bit of space sometimes."
"You've had enough," Steve said, his head starting to feel pleasantly addled by the liquor's effects.  It slowed his thoughts just enough to stop seeing blood.  He probably didn't need the rest of it either, but it was dark and he'd seen enough today not to care.
"Is this better?" Steve asked.  "I don't want to hide it, but I guarded it like you do.  Not all the way, but it seemed to be overwhelming you."
by showing more people their art, among other things.  It just hurt more than it should, and it wasn't like he could get into an old-fashioned brawl over it anymore.  It felt like he was still being shoved up against the wall and beaten though, just without the satisfaction of getting a punch or two in first.  He'd rather be small again and in a fist fight than having to deal with the feeling of someone reposting his art.
With that, Tony left the room.  "That's not suspicious at all," Steve muttered before bidding the nurse good-bye and rushing to catch up with him.
And Tony laughed, because here he was on the ground with his holographic husband 500 years in the future adopting a group of heroic teenagers.  "We're okay," Tony said, smiling despite the fact he hadn't managed to stop crying.  "Don't worry, Rhodey, we're... Oh, come
He came to, and it was the sort of silence that set Steve's hair on end.  Not even the wind was whistling through the trees, which was unnerving.  Tony wasn't moving on top of him, and Steve groaned, rubbing his head.  His hand came back bloody, but Steve didn't think it was too serious.
They fell quiet after that.  Tony stared at Steve, taking in all he could.  Steve was handsome, but he'd known that from the pictures.  There was a certain amount of
"It wasn't on the report," Steve replied, bringing up a mental picture of it.  Coulson's name was on every report after, but the first one had been nameless.
"I can't exactly say your other one," Tony pointed out as he walked closer.  He might as well take Steve up on his offer.  He ducked under Steve's wing, feeling warmer already.  Steve's body put out a lot of heat on its own.
Tony looked over the articles again.  He could definitely see the signs of himself in creating the folder.  It had all the things he'd collect if he were keeping tabs on someone, including things he's pretty sure Fury or this Steve Rogers wouldn't want him to have.  This 'super-serum'
"You are most definitely my little princess," Tony said with a ridiculous smirk.  "Little Bear had to go through at least five different castles to find you."
"And you don't either, I get it," Tony said, feeling like a child again as he rolled over to avoid the conversation.  "How do you even know about-"
He got the impression of several very rude things about his non-existent dragon sex-life.  He poked Steve again, and in retaliation he sent back equally rude insinuations about Steve's lineage.  He'd been told several times by the dragons that insulting how one was born made no sense, but it got another snort out of Steve.
The evidence that he had was plain as day and in abundance, but he felt nothing when he looked through the folder of his own hand written notes .  The only feeling he got was when he looked at the pictures of Captain America, and that just made him ache for Steve.  After staring at it too long, he'd take out the quartz and trace the lines of it.  It was just a normal quartz now.  Nothing to show that it ever glowed in the darkness.  Part of him wanted to throw it over the side and be done with it, but he could never actually let it go when he tried to give into the urge.
"It's not fine," Steve said, looking at Tony with too-earnest eyes.  Tony put down the tablet and placed a hand over Steve's fisted one, rubbing small circles into it to relax him.  Finally, Steve slumped forward, surprising Tony by resting his forehead against Tony's shoulder.  It hurt a little, but Steve wasn't pressing on any of the burns.  "None of this is coming out right.  I had a plan for what I was gonna say, but it's all jumbled now."
While the coffee was brewing, Steve pulled out a few of the muffins Bruce had bought the other day and put them on a tray.  Tony had responded well to food last time, and it had thrown off some of his defensive habits.  When JARVIS recommended he take the apple butter instead of the strawberry jam, he thought he might be on the right track.
The Hydra soldiers holding him down vanished and Tony stumbled back as his heart started to beat normally again.  There was another roar, but this time it wasn't the hydra.  It was Steve.
Looking at the table he'd been sitting at, Steve knew it was his last chance.  It was a solid table and thankfully not easy to see underneath with the wood in the way.  He picked up the sculpture, nearly dropping the piece he'd broken off in the first place, and shoved it under the table where people coming in wouldn't be able to see it.  He then quickly sat down and plastered on a smile that hopefully Ms. Potts would put down to nerves.
"Uh, the..." He tried - and failed - to think of the dragon name-feeling.  He could only think of it in pieces, not as a whole.  He could feel Steve's confusion.  "The red dragon who brought me into the city," Tony said finally, giving up.
"Maybe," Tony said.  He pat the tail still wrapped around him only to realize his hands were shaking.  "It's easier to hurt someone if you're only thinking of yourself."
The blue dragon looked about to argue, but was quelled by a strong sense of disapproval from the red one.  His head hung low, and Tony was reminded of a kicked puppy.  Despite the fact that the dragon had attacked him, Tony felt a bit of sympathy for being on the wrong end of that stare.
"What if I mess this up?" Susan asked before she could stop herself.  She at least managed to bite back the 'like the last time' that hung over her head.
To her surprise, her door opened a few minutes later, rather than Tony reappearing.  He held something behind his back and shut the door, like he was afraid of being caught.  "We need to talk about your taste, kiddo," he said.  "Stripes?  Really?"
She was glad Kes was sleeping peacefully for once.  It was probably the first time since Kes had moved into her room that the other girl hadn't woken up screaming.  Kes was thinner than Susan remembered, and more battered, but still just as beautiful in a way Susan could never hope to compare to.  It was hard not to reach out and touch her friend, to reassure herself it wasn't just a dream, but Susan didn't want to risk waking her.
He heard the smirk returning to Tony's voice as if he were back on solid ground, except he was way off the mark.  "Looking for sex tips then?" Tony asked, and Steve felt like he should be grateful that Tony was so very dense.  "Why didn't you say so?  I've got
Natasha's words followed him throughout the week.  Would it be bad if someone else made Tony happy?  It's not like Steve was particularly good at relationships.  Or very interesting at all, outside of the uniform.  He was old-fashioned and still not handling the future as well as he should have been.  Oh, he could assimilate and fit in, but really accepting things...  he still had a long way to go.
had to go fight elsewhere and it was loud and there were robots, and he only taught me fighting since there wasn't enough time so I didn't know how to actually
They sat quietly for a while.  Fury watched people pass by as Steve continued his drawing.  It was a small park, but sometimes Steve liked to get away from the Avengers' compound.  Fury would get to his reason for being here soon enough, and it was a nice day.
It was almost unbearably hot when they went inside.  He saw why when they got further in - open pits of molten earth acting like Roman pools.  He stayed away from those, and Peggy's wing automatically came up to block him from the worst of the heat.  "We don't like the cold," she said by way of explanation.
"And what do dragons need protecting from?" he asked, thinking back to the city walls.  They'd been high.
"I'm awake," Steve said, finally allowing Tony to move away.  He did not sound happy about this fact.  Steve shook his whole body and let out a small flame once Tony was clear, glaring at the glowing moss like morning was a personal affront.
Viper's fear on her face as she looked at the water reminded Tony of some of the young soldiers he'd met that were getting shipped out for their first time to the front.  Then she looked back the way they had come, to the gate.  "The dragon crystals," she said, shifting off her bad foot.
Steve was going to try to sit up again - damn it, he knew he shouldn't have had that drink.  It wasn't beyond Tony to have planned this, either - but Tony's hand moved to his hair where he resumed petting Steve.  "Not a dog," Steve said, but he leaned into Tony's hand.  "Not a hero, neither.  Just doing what I have to."
On the bright side, at least the arc reactor wasn't still in his chest.  He'd be dead already if that were the case, since the EMP took out the suit's reactor.  He just had to wait this out.  Wait it out and not think about darkness, enclosed spaces, not getting enough air to-
Steve laughed, a low chuckle that made Tony's heart pump work over time.  "You could say that," he said, shaking his head.  "I've never... I must have seen them a thousand times, but never like this."
Tony swallowed, looking down at the folder in trepidation.  He set the sandwich aside and picked up the folder, flipping it open.
turned it into a weapon.  But it only beeped, giving her a reading proclaiming Susan Skrull-negative.
Tony looked up from the computer to see Steve in his workshop again.  He was wearing a blue sweater and jeans, and he wouldn't look out of place in a modern coffee shop for all that he was from the 1940's.  He was holding his uniform in his hands.  "What's up, Cap?"
The couch was comfortable at least, the dark red color both unsurprising and slightly endearing.  He pressed his cheek to Tony's soft hair, wishing there was some way to make this right.  There were no magical fixes for this.  Steve knew what Tony said about not being Iron Man wasn't true.  Tony
Pushing buttons, Steve reminded himself, keeping his hands from balling up in frustration.  He decided to start with the suspicion he had, rather than proof.  "You wouldn't cheat on Ms. Potts," he said, feeling pretty confident in that assertion now that he was actually thinking about it and not reacting.  Nothing in the way Stark and Ms. Potts had interacted suggested a lack of trust cheating would cause.  There was frustration, sure, but of the fond sort.
"Do you think Iron Man-" Steve started, then stopped.  He swallowed hard, forcing down the bile that nearly overwhelmed him.
Stark had a girlfriend who just walked out not five minutes ago and he admitted to...  Steve felt disgusted.
"You have to survive," Steve said, ducking a large boulder and sending Tony's equilibrium spinning.  A smaller rock clipped his wing, but after righting himself, Steve kept going.
Peggy was there when he came out for dinner.  He sensed faint disapproval from her, but he got the feeling it was for both him and Steve.  He didn't back down, however, and he could hear her sigh.  "Come on," Peggy said, greeting him with a touch to his cheek that she made sure he saw coming.  He returned it grudgingly.  "At least one of you is through sulking for the night..."
Tony gave him a press-conference smile.  Something had gone wrong.  That told Steve that he had gone wrong somewhere, but he couldn't tell where he had misstepped for the life of him.  "Of course, Captain," Tony said.  "I'll let him know."
"We can't start a search to find out how to help him if we don't know what happened," Fury said reasonably.
"I did."  He held it out for Steve to see, feeling oddly vulnerable as he did.  Steve picked it up, lightly tracing the edges before he gave it back.  "It was real," Steve said.
the one who did that, Tony.  You're my friend twice over.  Even if you don't want a date, you're still someone important to me and considering you went through all of that to save me, I hope that you'd at least let me be your friend still.  I want to keep trying."
The black light cast an eerie glow over Tony's body.  Iron Man's arc reactor was usually white, a light that was almost like a beacon for Steve.  Something to call him home.  But the black light was dark and terrible, with none of the warmth of the reactor.  The doctors had tried to change it, but it wouldn't come undone.  Tony was frozen in time and still as death, and he was like this because he'd been trying to protect Steve.  Not just when he'd been hurt either, but this whole time...
"No," Steve said, his voice tight with anger and hurt.  "I'll come back after I've dropped you off."
"He should start to come around soon," Tony said, but his voice was tight and tense in a way Steve knew meant he was upset.  His hands tightened around the medkit reflexively.
Relief flooded through him and it nearly got his head bitten off because he wasn't paying attention.  A gargoyle, not a baby dragon.  No red skull this time around either.  But had he really changed things?
There was food on the table that Ms. Potts told him to feel free to take.  Steve nibbled on a cookie as he sipped the coffee an intern brought him.  It was strange, seeing the inside of a big business and being given the VIP treatment.  Also slightly daunting.  Steve wished he'd asked Ms. Potts to have the meeting on the Avengers floor rather than here.
"I will," Thor promised.  "We can only hope our armored friend will forgive us our sins against him."
It might just be the reminder that Iron Man's loyalty to Stark was more important than his relationship with Steve that was bothering him.  Maybe
"Go on, kiddo.  Hit the showers.  I'll fill you in once you're done and Cap can drill you on your planing skills," Tony said, lightly tracing his finger down Steve's arm in reassurance.  "We've still got a week before the transfer."
"Guess there's worse things in life than taking advice from pop groups," Tony said, still chuckling.
"It would be much easier to conquer a world with one dictator," Kang said, the green electricity attacking Iron Man.  Steve tightened his grip on his shield.  "How hot in there do you have to be to roast alive?" Kang asked.
"Sure," Steve said, adrenaline slowly waning off and leaving general grumpiness in its wake.  Steve was, contrary to popular belief, not actually a morning person.  The military got him in the habit of mornings and he was disciplined enough to keep up with his morning run, but when he had an excuse he was more than willing to stay in bed so long as the nightmares were kept at bay.
Tony resisted the urge to let his shoulders hunch, just barely.  "Should I?"  He hadn't been able to see Steve's face in the cave.  It could have been true, what Steve was trying to say.  It also could have been pity or desperation.  And the other two options?  Those weren't so hot.
He flew straight at the fighter plane, hearing the clang of bullets bouncing off the armor.  He was very glad they had thoroughly tested the new armor to make sure bullet holes wouldn't be a problem.  The new suit was working fine, the smaller size only adding to his agility in the air.  He shot a missile, inwardly cursing as the Hydra plane went up at a rate that had to be hell on the pilot.  It also meant the plane was now out of his line of sight.
Sighing, Steve ran a hand through his hair. "It was too bulky and awkward. I've seen a lot of digital art that looks neat, but I couldn't get anything like that to work when I tried it."
"It's what people do these days," Sam said with a wink. "You don't have to, but you should look into it. Meet some other artists."
Just his luck, Steve was turning out to be the cheekiest dragon of them all, because he pointed his tail over the railing as he continued to stretch.
, his mind supplied.  Steve was kissing him under the stars with his hands framing Tony's face.  Steve was kissing him slowly and sweetly, like the rest of the world and the War didn't exist.
Tony slipped under it, making himself comfortable against Steve's flank.  Steve didn't even bother to wait until they were both sleeping this time to wrap his tail around Tony's waist.
"Let's say I believe you on that," Ms. Potts said.  "Because it's probably more convenient to go through Iron Man than it is to talk to me, I'll grant that.  That still doesn't answer my question.  Why now?  Having second thoughts on your benefactor?"
"Then that's okay as long as...  Wait, Jan, you can't be a super-villain!" Steve said, ignoring Jan's pout.
The sliding door fell open, appearing half-way up the wall where there had only been flawless metal before.  It was a small space, and Susan started to feel claustrophobic just looking at it, which was weird considering she was encased in a suit of armor and that never bothered her.  She moved closer, finally able to look down into the hidden space to see... "Kes!"
The moss lamp reflected off the metal as he descended, and Tony noticed there was no rust down here.  He touched the side of the wall as he went down, wishing he could actually feel the metal to guess at its properties.  He kept a careful watch on the steps.  Be it booby traps or simply poor upkeep, Tony had learned the hard way that ancient stairs were not to be trusted.
The glowing moss made Steve's scales practically glisten in the light.  Tony increased the thrust, not caring that it made breathing a little harder.  The armor wasn't quite advanced enough to copy the aerial flip Steve just did, but he could go higher up than Steve dared to with those big wings of his.  Tony laughed as he touched the cavern ceiling, breaking off a small piece of the crystals that lit up the night sky as he went by.
"We're getting you out of here," Rhodey said, gathering Tony up in his arms rather than seeing if Tony could stand.  Tony would normally be offended by a bridal carry, but he was being moved away from-
He was alone.  So alone.  The dark was almost oppressive and he couldn't find Steve.  "Don't leave," he said, frantically searching for the soft dragon scales.  "Steve, don't-"
Tony finally opened his eyes, staring at Steve in bewilderment.  "There's plenty of other people downstairs, Steve.  Why me?"
"Right," Kestrel said, her hands trembling as she walked over to the controls.  She didn't look at the body, and Tony wished he could blink it away.
"I survive," Viper said, a hint of steel in her voice that Tony hadn't heard before.  "It is what I'm good at."
"Let me take these down to Mr. Stark first and I'll meet you in the conference room, sir," Steve said.
Tony's hands threaded under the suit jacket around Steve's shoulders.  He pressed his face against Steve's neck in a vain effort to feel his nose again, and his lips brushed dangerously against Steve's pulse, but Tony ignored that.  Steve's breath hitching again probably had nothing to do with that and everything to do with the cold nose and plane-crashing flashbacks.
Steve nodded, then swallowed again, very glad when the image disappeared. He shifted, trying not to think about Thor in that position. His teammates were attractive, but he had enough problems in his life right now. "There's a lot on here," Steve said again, wondering what Natasha would think of the picture of her and Clint kissing. He wondered what
Kes was crying now, harder than Susan had ever seen her.  "Kes, what's wrong?  Did I say the wrong thing?" Susan asked, worry taking over.
"Why do you come back?" Tony asked.  "I keep getting people hurt, Rhodey.  That's why you left the first time.  Why come back?"
This time Natasha did look up, raising an eyebrow as she caught Steve's eye.  He shrugged in return and she moved on to looking Tony over.  Steve could see the mental categorizing in her eyes for a split second before it shut down into a more neutral expression.  "That so?" Natasha said, putting the book down but giving no other indication of what she had planned to do about the strain in Tony's shoulders, if anything at all.
"It's pathetic how easily you fell into the skull's trap," Viper continued, placing a hand on her hip as the green dress brushed against her ankles.  "Though you are resilient.  Better than most men I have left to die."
"You remember meeting me as a human?  I don't.  Remember meeting human you, I mean.  All of this is news to me," Tony said.
"There is still hope," Wanda repeated, leaning forward to rub her cheek against his.  She repeated the motion with Steve who still hadn't looked up.  "There is always hope.  Never forget that, Tony Stark.  This was never your fault.  You have helped us save our people and yours by coming to this place."
"Plausible deniability.  Said he caught a bug and was too sick for the night of that op, and that was the report given to him," Fury said.
Tony eyed him as Steve followed him into the elevator, but only sighed in response.  He stood a little closer to Steve, reminding him that there was someone nearby.  He wasn't alone.  It was one of the things Steve loved about Tony, the fact that he was never afraid to get into his personal space.  He always seemed to have a sixth sense for when Steve actually needed someone near too.
"If I can find him," Steve said, standing as well.  He went to his bag to fish out the tape and started to wrap his knuckles.  "Stay in contact.  I'll let you know if there's anything on my end."
Tony pressed into his arm and hissed in a breath, because this wouldn't work if he passed out before he finished.  Then he concentrated on his mental walls and started breaking them down.  He flung shame and guilt at them, because he had caused this.  He always caused problems by either thinking of his heart instead of other people or acting too recklessly.  This was worse than when he'd put Pepper in danger.  All of the dragons...
Steve winced, but sat down.  "I look that bad?" he asked, and winced again when his voice came out hoarse.  He gestured to the seat in front of his desk and Ms. Potts sat down gracefully.
The next day after his run, Steve grabbed the paper.  He only had to glance at the first headline before he was up and yelling, "JAN!"
"I don't like the look of this place," Steve said, looking around at the metal walls.  "It feels like dark powers rest here."
It was surprisingly nice, cooking with Tony.  He kept Tony from getting too distracted and burning things by turning up the heat too quickly, and Tony's soft humming reminded Steve he wasn't alone.  Tony was not someone who stayed still very often, and Steve found himself bumping shoulders with Tony when he reached for the next ingredient more often than not.
Steve couldn't stop the broad grin that grew so much it almost hurt his face, even if Tony wasn't looking.  "Sure thing, Tony.  I'll see you when I get back."
The armor clanked loudly as she ran over to the bench he was chained to.  He didn't look up as she stood in front of him, taking in the sight of his black eye and split lip that stood out among the other bruises on his face.  She carefully ran a hand through his hair, biting her lip as Tony started to put up the results of the scans as they came in.  "Leo...  But where's Kes?"
Steve was pretty sure computers couldn't have a heart attack.  Tony assured him they couldn't, at least.  But when Susan brought in the twins, he felt like his heart had stopped.
Steve frowned, opening his mouth to ask why that was important when it hit him.  Iron Man would have to take the helmet off to eat!  "Oh," he said intelligently.
Steve felt out of his element.  The familiar way they spoke to each other didn't suggest lovers, but good friends.  But why would Stark deliberately let him assume that after he realized what Steve was thinking?  Why not just come out and correct him?  Steve felt guilty for assuming, but Stark had encouraged the response.
"But you still believe it happened."  Rhodey put both hands on Tony's shoulders this time, turning him away from the view.  "And right now you look like you could use someone who believes you."
He stared at the pad of paper in his hands, every line he tried to draw feeling wrong.  Steve sighed, erasing another attempt at a circle.  He contemplated pulling out the tablet SHIELD had given him, if just because erasing digital art wasted less paper.  But he was having a bad enough art day that he knew switching mediums would only make it worse.  Paper was usually what made him feel the most comfortable.
"What..." Tony said, his own voice breaking.  "What happened?" he asked.  But he knew.  How could he not know with all the feelings he was getting from Wanda and Steve?  But there was a desperate need to deny it, to hear them say it wasn't true.
," Steve said, taking a step away from him.  For a moment, Tony felt betrayed.  Then he looked at Steve, really
"Just because I can't hack Stark doesn't mean I can't get into other systems," Natasha replied.  "And I've already got a ping system set up for SI dealings at the airport."
"It's read only now.  Cap's too.  You need our express permission to make changes.  Not that we don't trust you, buttercup, but-"
"We can't lose," Steve said stubbornly, though his tail trembled.  "We have to hold the line and we will.  You won't change my mind, Wanda."
"You're a terrible liar, Steve," Tony said, a new layer of hurt and exhaustion in his voice.  "Just go."
Steve looked physically ill when Tony looked up, and okay, yeah, of course Steve would be torn up over that.  Christ, that was exactly the sort of thing Steve would get torn up over.  "It didn't go further than a kiss, Steve," Tony said gently.  "And none of that was your fault.  It's fine."  Also, not the first time someone seduced him for information, but he didn't think that tidbit would go over well and he was actually trying to be reassuring for once.
"Drink this," Rhodey said, holding a cup to Tony's lips but waiting on his agreement.  "It'll help you sleep."
"Huh," Tony said, pushing over a cup of coffee that had probably been his.  Steve didn't care, clutching at it possessively despite the fact caffeine did nothing for him.  "I wasn't expecting that."
"Roger that," Sam said, taking off with a leap that spoke of his own weary muscles and pain rather than his normal grace.
He huffed out a breath, swallowing again, this time hard.  Why hadn't Tony told them in the first place?  Why hadn't Steve noticed how both Iron Man and Tony had the same mannerisms or reactions when they were hurt?  Had he been that blinded by his crush?  Had he misjudged Tony that much, even when Steve was so familiar with that kind of judgement himself?
Steve shook his head, though it didn't clear it as he'd hoped.  "Tell me what's going on," he pleaded, hoping to break through Tony's stubbornness.
Well, they wouldn't.  Tony took the cup, his hand trembling a little, but he refused to let Rhodey help him.  It was warm tea, no doubt one of Rhodey's concoctions.  It had honey though, enough to mask the taste of whatever he put in there, and Tony settled back after he finished it, allowing his eyes to close.
"You could sleep up here?"  Steve said hesitantly.  "I don't need as much warmth as the others do because of..."  There was a half-feeling of a name, wisdom and age and trees, but it was cut off.
Susan laughed weakly.  She could still mess this up, but she had found them.  The knot inside her chest was beginning to unwind.
"I can try," Steve said, putting a hand on Bruce's shoulder.  "If Doom is blackmailing Tony or something else, we'll find out."
"It's not something the doctors can handle," Natasha said, her voice softer as she spoke to Bruce.  "But I've got an idea what this is about."
"It was me," Steve said, his voice breaking.  "He said there was something he had to protect or else millions of people would die.  He meant... He meant me."  If Steve had gone into that portal, all he'd done to defeat Hydra would be erased from history.  Was that really enough to put the time line off?  Surely others would have fought in his place.  But it was more than that.  Tony had said he couldn't lose this time.  It had been so important to him that he'd been working endlessly to...
"Whatever happens, we cannot allow it to get to the top world," Steve continued.  "We can't let it go to the east or to the north.  We draw the line here.  What I'm asking may come at a high price, but it's a price I'm willing to pay to keep the others safe.  I know you all said you were willing to do the same, but if you're having second thoughts, now is your last chance.  The others need protecting.  You can go after them."
"At ease, soldier," Rhodes said, doing the best approximation of a return salute as he could while heavily leaning on a cane.   "Though you can keep saluting if you want.  Not every day you get a salute from Captain America."
Tony did seem to remember something about that from the story of the Lernaean Hydra.  That didn't mean he liked the reminder.  He fired at the head he'd blinded, three sharp blasts from the repulsors that cut through the neck while Steve kept it distracted.  Then he tackled the head that was trying to spit poison at Steve as the dragon breathed fire on the neck.
"How do you do this?" Tony asked, shaking his head.  "Live your life knowing when you've hurt someone and feeling that?"
"It's getting dark," Steve said, his tail curling about Tony's feet.  "It's not safe outside the city walls at night.  We should leave."
Steve stepped back, shocked at the callousness.  He fought back the anger that threatened to take over.  Not the time to go off.  "Shellhead-"
"Oh, Tony," Pepper said, her hands going up to her mouth, then she shook her head.  She started to wipe at her eyes, then remembered the gauntlets.  "They would have... If they were sure he was dead, they would have told me when they called.  I'll fix things so that they'll talk to you and let you in.  I had JARVIS sneak Iron Man on the list since I wanted to come right here, but I don't think that will work for you.  I'll give them a call once I'm out of this and see what I can do for you and the other Avengers.  I need to... I need to go see him first though."
Steve was not going to admit to the sound he just made.  In fact, he was quite happy to just never look up again from where he had planted his face into the table, especially since he was pretty sure his ears were bright red and gave him away, but then Tony would keep going and he'd get worse as he went on.  Steve really wasn't that much of a martyr and he definitely was no saint.
"Is this Steve?"  It was a female voice, one that sounded vaguely familiar, but he couldn't quite place it.
Tony would be alone in the shelter.  He wouldn't have to worry about dragons hearing his thoughts.  It was better than having a warm body to lean up against, wasn't it?
Steve was not particularly good with the word 'no'.  He was fine saying it and did so with regular frequency to Clint and Thor's more wild ideas.  It was hearing the word no that Steve had problems with, and only the security officer threatening to escort him off the premises stopped Steve from pestering the doctors for the nth time to go in and sit with Tony.
Steve looked up from his work out, surprised to see Bruce standing off to the side and fiddling with a tablet as he pushed his glasses up.  "What brings you down here, Doc?" he asked, reaching for the towel to wipe some of the sweat from his face.  The soft material felt fantastic against his heated skin, and he found he didn't miss his old, cheap towels.  It was one of the few luxuries he really indulged in while living at the Tower.
"Down there, yes," Tony replied.  "Up here, it's a bit too cold.  You wouldn't happen to have any blankets?"
Steve still jumped even with the warning, and Tony's hand froze.  When Steve didn't move, he started a soothing motion of running his finger's through Steve's sweat-soaked hair.   It was almost like he was petting Steve, but it felt good so he didn't mind it if he were being honest with himself.
"Liar," Tony said, wiping away Steve's tears with thick, trembling hands.  He couldn't let the tears freeze like that after all.  "What the hell happened?" he asked before Steve could try to deny it.  "I don't..."  Something had triggered the panic attack, and it was worrying that he didn't know what it was.
He lowered them both to the ground gently, kneeling beside Rhodey.  Rhodey punched the floor and Steve looked away.  Rhodey had known Tony for much longer than Steve had, and he deserved privacy for his grief.
"The nagas cannot take me to the surface.  But you can," Viper said, her voice calm and controlled despite her looks.
Steve's cheeks burned as he bit his lip hard enough to draw blood, and he could taste the iron on his tongue.  Tony's words struck fast and deep, aiming for all of Steve's weak points.  He hated the fact that Tony apparently knew them and was willing to exploit them fully.
She saw the small flinch and how Leo's hand tightened on the cane.  "It's treated me better," Leo said with a lopsided grin that felt forced.  "Sorry for the burden."
"Going down to the workshop?" Steve asked, wondering if it was too soon to follow Tony down, because he always liked drawing with other people near by better than drawing alone.
Ms. Potts did not look convinced.  She raised her eyebrow in a way that managed to make Steve feel like he was still a scrawny boy with a chip on his shoulder.  "Why now?" she asked.  "It's been six months since you moved into the Tower."
"Aye, Tony.  We'll get you out," Thor said, and Tony blinked as something vaguely warm was wrapped around him.  "Captain, I will return once he is safe."
"We can talk more when you get back, okay, sweetheart?" Tony said, his voice promising hugs that Susan desperately wanted right now.  "But we gotta check the train before reinforcements come.  The train is shielded from the kind of teleport they used to get Kor'la'vin out, but the fact that she was gone so quickly means it was either automatic or someone must be watching.  Either way, they know to send in the Calvary now."
Steve really needed to stop drifting off around Tony.  Especially since he'd been thinking about Tony.
There were wires every where that Tony started tearing off, ignoring how his body felt like it was on fire.  He stumbled forward to the door, grabbing the keyboard that had been so noisy.  He hated noisy keyboards.  At least he thought it was a door.  A cave?  He hid behind the wall, listening as feet pounded closer.
"My choice," Steve said, and Tony looked away.  That was okay though.  It was enough to win this battle.
"Oh, God.  Captain!  You're-" Iron Man cut off, his gauntlet in front of where Steve assumed his mouth was.
"How well can you maneuver?" Steve asked, a thoughtful expression in his eyes as he watched their joined hands.
going to think about Natasha's message, red sports cars, or any information Natasha might have gleaned from Pepper Potts about Tony's sex life.
"The ones above their buildings," she replied.  "They keep the monsters from the city.  If I had one of those at the temple...  That was why I came to you.  You've tamed the dragons, do you know where they are?"
Tony looked torn, glancing between the armor and the door.  "I'll make sure no one steals any of the parts," Steve said, then he hesitated.  If it were anyone else...
"You're always the funny one, aren't you, Iron Man?  Everything's a joke to you," Steve said, gritting his teeth.  "But you're no hero.  You wouldn't lay on the wire if it came down to it."
"Colonel Rhodes," Steve said, smiling weakly.  "Can you get Tony to settle?  He's going to hurt himself at this rate."
He had barely been flying for a couple of minutes when he was slammed into the wall, evil-looking stairs catching his fall.
Tony shifted, not quite able to sit still, especially with the silence.  He also seemed unwilling to break it himself, however, which was something Steve was also struggling with.  It was far too easy to say the wrong thing.
Tony resisted calling Steve out on his rather obvious lie.  The flight to Seattle hadn't been this bad.  Steve had been relaxed on the way up.  The mission had gone well too, with Tony keeping the media attention on his 'business trip' and allowing Steve a necessary diversion to find the stolen weapon blueprints a hacker had been trying to sell on the black market.  Easy as pie.  Steve hadn't looked worked up until their early morning flight home.
Steve thought about it.  He really wanted to keep punching things, but that never solved anything back when he'd first woken up.  Fury was, annoyingly enough, right about trying to get him back in the world.  "Alright," he said with a sigh.  "Though I don't think I'll be very good company at the moment."
"I'm sorry," Steve said.  "You were right.  I wasn't thinking, and I know how jumpy you are.  I should have thought before startling you."
, and he quickly reviewed previous times they had spoken of Bucky in his head.  Tony had always been so supportive of finding Bucky, and it made Steve feel a little guilty for not telling Tony about his parents.  The guilt had made it easy to miss the split-second reaction to Bucky, but while he didn't have a completely eidetic memory, it was close.  And now that he noticed, he could see it in other memories as well.
He missed Jarvis and the others fiercely, but the dragons were making him feel alive again.  He wanted to see Rhodey bantering with Sam and Sharon, Peggy and Pepper discussing the finer details of dragon culture for Pepper's next book, and Jarvis talking with DumDum and Jacques about the wars and showing off the airship.  Was it too much to want everything he loved down here, away from the horrors of the upper world?
Steve started awake, going completely still in Tony's arms.  "It's okay," Tony said, even though it wasn't.  It was a lie.  Nothing would be okay after a dream like that.  "You're okay.  It was a dream."
"Right this way, Iron Man, sir," Steve heard an awe-struck voice say.  He whipped around to see the current model of the Iron Man suit walking in with a much more fluid, but still slightly jerky gait.
"I'd be better if Tony remembered to charge his phone," Ms. Potts replied.  "It is getting late here though.  Sorry to call you, but Tony's phone is out of service."
"I'll do my best to try, but I may have the advantage if he's out of practice," Tony said, wondering at how his name sounded so flat when the dragons said it.  He'd long since taken to translating the dragon names in his head, but now his name felt empty and hollow compared to theirs.
She stopped, looking down at the floor.  She couldn't fight off the tears.  How could Leo not see how amazing he was?  She loved him more than anyone she'd ever met.
Steve wondered how it must be to live life like that, when so many people were willing to tear you down.  He had been small and bullied, but still saw a lot of human kindness in everyday people.  Tony had been dealing with the spotlight since he was a child, born into money and fame like he was.  It seemed terribly lonely.
Carefully, because his ribs still hurt, Tony put his walking stick down and stood up.  His foot felt fine.  "I'll be damned," Tony said, breathing out in a rush, which hurt, but there were more important things to focus on.
"Who's gonna be shooting at you?" Steve asked sharply.  For Iron Man to be this upset, it had to be dangerous.  He moved closer, hoping to grab Iron Man before he took off.  "Shellhead, tell me what's going on.  Let me help!"
"Let me at least set the bone," Tony said, calculating how long it would take for Steve's healing factor to kick in.  He didn't know how long he'd been out, but the last thing they needed was for the bone to heal wrong.
Tony stood as well as he was able and pushed Steve's tail away.  It was persistent in keeping him close, however, re-wrapping around him as Steve's wing continued to box Tony in.  "Steve," Tony said, flicking Steve's snout in exasperation.
Steve didn't ask how she had gotten his number, as JARVIS would probably give it to her if she asked.  "How are you today, ma'am?  It's pretty late there, isn't it?"
Steve did feel warmer, even though he hadn't moved from the lava bath he was curled around.  But Tony hadn't really done anything but ask questions.
He cursed as the ground moved again, thrusters catching him before he fell.  He flew back and gave a small yelp as he tried to stabilize.  His arm hit the edge of the platform painfully, but it righted him and he could finally see to fire.  Four, no,
"That's 'cause they're sexy when they give orders," Tony replied.  He'd always loved Pepper getting bossy in bed, and while Rhodey might rate a one on the Kinsey scale, Tony most certainly did not and he allowed himself to look and appreciate from time to time.  Rhodey didn't really mind, considering he knew Tony was just appreciating.
Tony refocused the camera to show an older woman with a headscarf dressed in black.  She was flanked by a dark-skinned man in his mid-twenties and a girl closer to the kid's ages with dark curly hair and glowing eyes.  The resistance.
Which made this that much harder to do, if Tony were being honest, but he'd never had any particular reason to be honest with anyone, much less himself.  "Security back up."
"He wasn't my dragon," Tony said as he looked away.  He never owned Steve.  Though he wouldn't have minded if they belonged to each other.  Tony shook his head, blinking rapidly.  There was no point in thinking about belonging now.  "Next time you should tell me before it's too late."
"The Hulk won't hurt them," Steve said firmly, marveling at how far Bruce had come.  For him to suggest staying near Dr. Ross at all rather than sending someone else spoke volumes.  The rest though... with Clint and Natasha gone, they were getting shorter on Avengers than Steve liked.
Most of the page was shaded black, only enough white to see the lines of a small kitten abandoned in a box.  A tuxedo, curled in the bottom with its ears flattened, but no anger.  There was a vague hand off to the side that Steve had been tracing, but he didn't think the hand was going to help the kitten.  Now that he looked at it, the kitten's eyes reminded him a lot of Tony's.  "Just have a lot on my mind, I guess."
Natasha on the other hand, looked annoyed.  "I could have stepped things up if I'd known too.  Riskier, but it could have paid off."
"I'd like to actually sit down and talk with him," Steve said, rubbing his forehead.  "But when I talk to JARVIS, I always get the answer that Mr. Stark is a very busy man and that his appointments are all booked."
"Well, this time will be different," Steve said, pulling Tony up off the living room couch and setting aside his tablet.  "Come to dinner with me."
"Shellhead," Steve replied helplessly.  There was nothing he could do.  He couldn't let Hydra win the second Great War.  He didn't know how much of a personal effect he had on the outcome of the war, but Shmidt would have at least bombed New York and the other cities if Steve hadn't stopped him.  He couldn't waste those thousands of lives to save his best friend.
"I said I'd break it down," Steve said, glancing at the bits of broken glass that now littered the ground.
Bucky...  Not relevant at the moment.  Tony's words had rubbed salt into that wound, but he could dwell on that later.  "But
"A time traveler from the future was trying to kill me, because he..."  Steve faltered, shaking his head.  "According to him, I'm responsible for destroying the world."  Steve still didn't know what to make of that.  Iron Man would know what to say to put him at ease, but he was...
"Come on," Cap said, his hand on her shoulder, then he looked to Leo.  "We'll meet you down there when you're ready."
Fury stared at him, single brown eye giving away nothing of what he was thinking.  Steve did his best not to fidget.
"I might have to seal this place up.  To make sure Hydra doesn't find it," Tony said, swallowing thickly.  "I..."
Rhodey's arm tightened around him, before relaxing.  He casually glanced at his watch, managing to catch Tony's eye.  The question was clear in Rhodey's gaze.  He wouldn't leave if Tony didn't want him to.
"If this suit is supposed to fly, where are its wings?" Peggy asked, craning to get a better look at his back.
"Thank you," Tony said, his voice thick.  "I don't know what to make of this 'bond'.  It's... not what I expected."
"No.  If you want to say something, say it when we're not dying."  Not that it was possible they'd be found in time.  Unless the blizzard abated and Tony somehow found the energy to go out for firewood and start a fire, there wasn't much of a chance he would survive.  The blizzard howled around them outside the cave and the snow was too thick.  The armor wasn't responding, and he knew search parties wouldn't make it through the storm.  Statistically speaking, his chances weren't good.
"Alright," Steve said, some of the anger subsiding.  He could at least do that much.  "Thanks.  I'll see you guys later."
"I did, didn't I?" Leo said, closing his eyes.  "I... haven't been very good at keeping that promise."
Tony opened his mouth to say something, then looked outside.  Right.  That looked like an actual blizzard and Steve had mentioned something about the snow being too bad to see.  Maybe Steve had a point and wasn't just being clingy.  Not that he would cling to Tony like that anyway.
They were both talking over each other, growing more excited as terms Steve wasn't familiar with started being tossed around too rapidly for him to even try to make sense of it.  Thor was grinning broadly as he came up behind Dr. Foster, looking fondly at both her and Tony.  Neither of them knew Tony was Iron Man, and Steve could see when Tony realized that, his scientific explanation faltering even as Rhodes bumped his shoulder with a gentle smile on his face that didn't quite say 'I told you so,' but it was close.
"No," Steve said, a little worried where this line of questioning was going.  "He and Iron Man are up in the penthouse."
Steve pushed Iron Man against a shelf with his arm at Iron Man's neck.  Not the most effective move with the armor, but it got whoever was in there to stop talking.  "You are
"Clint, Thor," Natasha said, her voice brisk.  "Call one of the doctors on standby, but don't let anyone in."
He hesitated.  He did have the War to get back to, but...  "It'd be my pleasure, and I'll make sure it can't be traced back to you," Tony said.  He couldn't just leave a woman to hide in this temple of hers without any protection.  At least with the crystal, she shouldn't have to hide so much.  It wasn't like he could really help Fury from down here, at any rate.
He didn't have time to wonder again how the hell he'd gotten to the bottom of all that without killing himself, though he suspected magic on Viper's part which he could resent later.  He flew through the stone temple and made his way to the metal stairs, which he was forced to take slowly.  He was still nearly knocked down as the stair well shook.
"You've ended up with your head in my lap the past few days, or have you been too sleepy in the morning to realize that?  You might as well get comfortable now," Tony said.
He had his kit from the survival pack (the one thing he insisted went in there was a razor, and maybe what he said about not being overly vain was only half true, but razors were very useful things and Rhodey relented) that he'd brought with him after the first day back from the gate.  It was a short matter to sharpen the blade, then carefully trim and shape the beard.  It was a bit hit and miss without a proper mirror, but the water reflected well enough in the light and he only nicked himself twice.  Not that Steve would probably know the difference between a well-kept goatee and bush, but Tony was damned if he went out dancing without looking his best under the circumstances.
Tony was looking at him like he'd grown a second head, and Steve felt a blush creep down his neck.  He rubbed at his forehead, trying not to feel self-conscious and failing.  "I just... feel at ease enough to drift off a bit, I guess," Steve said, which now that he thought about it, was no mean feat.  He'd been in enough battles to know letting his guard down could get him killed.  But with Tony, that wasn't part of his focus, to constantly scan the room, looking for an enemy that wasn't there.
Kang looked at Steve, a smile spreading on his purple lips.  "Indeed.  Captain, if you would walk through the portal, I will spare your fellow Avenger's life."
There was uncertainty in Tony's eyes, along with hesitation, but he nodded, and Steve thought he could still see faint traces of a blush around his cheeks.  Sadly, Tony quickly regained his composure.  "I... sure?  I mean, you sure about this, Steve?  I'm not exactly..."  Tony wiggled his fingers in a way Steve couldn't quite discern their meaning, "...good dating material."
"You did that on your own," Steve said.  She had handled her brother's death much better than he had waking up in the future, and that was all because she was trying.  They had a lot in common, but Wanda didn't need the same push he had to get back out into the world.
"We brought soup, if you're hungry," Steve said, earning a glare from Tony and a small upward tick of Natasha's lips.
Taking out three more, Steve began feeling a sense of growing unease.  If these robots were from a different time, then whatever information was in the warehouse couldn't be what they were after.  Fury
"I'm.  Not.  Him!" Tony spun around, marching back up to Steve and sticking his chin up defiantly, daring Steve to contradict him and plowing forward before Steve could.  "Iron Man is a fiction.  He's someone I made up who could be
"Doesn't sound like a nice dream."  And Steve had obviously seen it.  Part of him wanted to end the conversation.  The other part was more than a little mortified, and he wanted to know what he'd done in the dream.
He landed on the ledge again, shooting repulsors and only making the thing angrier.  It was too dark to see properly, but in the light of the small crystal he could see the four heads that tried to bite at him and the terrifically sharp teeth that he was sure would do more than just dent his armor.  He tried the flame thrower next, aiming at one of the heads before the ground under him started to shake.  Startled, Tony nearly fell off and only the flame thrower saved him from getting bitten in half as he tried to regain his footing.
"Steve..."  This was a dream.  It had to be a dream.  The bond wasn't as strong like before, but he could still sense Steve's feelings.
In response, Steve just lowered his head in a position that reminded him of Peggy yesterday.  "I can walk and get down myself," Tony said mildly.  It didn't quite sit right with him, needing to be flown everywhere.
"Sorry about that," Iron Man said as he came around the couch.  "I was... it was personal business.  I had to get away for a bit."
And the apology helped if Steve were being honest.  As long as Tony stopped when Steve told him to, they might be able to work with this.  It warmed something inside of Steve too when Tony used his given name, and he smiled at him.
"Alright," Steve said, since Fury seemed intent on paying him for the commission.  He suspected there was a bet of some kind at stake, but he couldn't quite figure out what.  The one thing he did know is that Fury made sure he could win before making a bet.  "What kind of drawing do you want?"
"Well," Tony said to himself as he gingerly sat up.  He ignored the aches of his body and the soul deep exhaustion, shaking his head to clear it.   "What Jarvis doesn't know, he can't be angry about."
Finally, Fury handed him five dollars.  Steve tilted his head in question.  "For a commission," Fury explained.
He focused on the pain to keep himself from fading as he brought down the walls.  On the things that
Tony pat Steve's bicep in proof, reminding himself that he needed to keep this platonic for now.  Later though... He could think about later at another time.  "But you can still rest your head in my lap, if you like," Tony offered hesitantly, because Steve did look put out and that...  Okay, that was pushing platonic, but Tony wasn't strong enough to push Steve away completely.
He felt the shame and guilt rolling off Steve.  "I... alright.  I'll take you to the wall.  But can you get back out the way you came?  The earth trembled before you appeared.  That's why I was at the gate to check."
his lunches with Tony, even more when the super heroing business was slow and they talked about other things.  And Tony was obviously attractive, no one could deny that, especially not when he wore that red shirt under his suit and took off his jacket to reveal the vest underneath.
.  This wasn't jealousy.  It was Steve being legitimately upset that one of this teammates wanted to be a super-villain.
"The time line gets screwed up.  A lot of people die in the chaos.  Those that don't are conquered," Tony said.  "If I fail, the only way to fix it is with that."
Tony was awfully glad it was dark, because he couldn't fight down the blush.  "You can go to the library and look up the stars yourself," Tony muttered.
."  The relief in Steve's voice was  like a warm current that swept him along.  It confused him a little, since he remembered Steve being angry with him before.
Tony snapped his eyes back to Steve, who was wearing a shirt that barely fit him and navy slacks that hugged his thighs.  The shirt had the first few buttons undone as if he were teasing Tony.  Yeah, no.  Work could wait.
Stepping out into the garden was enough to relax the tension out of his shoulders.  Steve pulled in a breath of the air, breathing in the scent of flowers on a summer's evening.  He could still read the signs politely asking the guests to stay out of the gardens in the sun's amber light as he ducked under the rope blocking it off.  This was Tony's childhood home, and he had told the Avengers the mansion was open to them just like the Tower was and that they could go where ever they wanted.  So Steve didn't feel too badly as he followed the path through the hedges to watch the sun set.
"Fine.  Normal cuddles then," Tony said, squirming slightly and reminding Steve that while he had pulled on a pair of sweatpants to draw, Tony was still naked.
He started to pace as Jane explained, making sure his grip didn't go too tight on his phone.  "If something or someone was thrown outside of time and erased completely, presumably he could get them out of it before he died.  I assume whatever it was had to be important to the time line, as he
Iron Man stopped fighting, the silence deafening.  Steve looked at the chair that was now being ignored by both of them.  He'd never be able to get it to work like Iron Man could, but he had to try.  The thought of what Kang was threatening made his stomach turn.  Not like this.
"Change course," Tony said, debating if it was worth getting out of bed.  At this point it was probably a lack of nutrition that was causing his dizziness, not exhaustion.  He could probably chance it.  "We need to head to London to meet with Fury and the other-"
"I don't want it," Tony said, trying to tear Steve's claw away.  "Steve, don't!  I'd rather you stay longer."
Steve went to the cupboard, grabbing a bar and unwrapping it as he contemplated dinner and not Iron Man's avoidance.  He finished it off quickly enough, his hunger making itself known despite its bland taste.  He reached for the bread to make a quick sandwich when a familiar sound rang through the hallway.
Iron Man let out a small yelp that didn't sound very much like Iron Man at all.  Steve felt foolish that he hadn't connected it with being someone else in the suit, and that could be potentially dangerous considering who was in it.  Tony didn't need anyone stealing his suit.  The embarrassment fueled his anger.
"He's...  It's like meeting a movie star," Steve admitted.  "He's all glamour and Hollywood, and I'm just a kid from Brooklyn."
Tony contemplated how the moss worked while petting Steve.  Sharon had said it was magic, but there had to be a scientific reason for how it could give off light for a certain time, then emit a paler glow.
"You should go home and take a shower first, maybe sleep a bit.  I'll call if they tell me it's life-threatening," Pepper said, switching gears on the drop of a hat now that she was in control again.  He could easily see why someone like Tony would have fallen so hard for her.
Tony waved it off.  Anyone seeing them would probably create a ruckus and he wasn't opposed to keeping Steve to himself for a little while longer.
Natasha snorted, then shook her head and batted his hands away.  "Off with you.  Go to your date with America's third sexiest man."
"I'll disconnect if there's any virus," Tony lied.  "You get back to the twins.  You've got to get them out of here."
"No one has been up top in over a thousand years," Steve said.  "We're weaker up there now.  We've been under here so long that the magic in the upper world is too weak to sustain us.  The others would sometimes try to take a quick peek when we were younger, but I was always too sick and too small to go."
"I..."  Tony only just remembered taking a step back would let him fall off a cliff.  "There's a war up top," Tony said, shaking his head.  "I should be getting back to it, or I could return only to find my country destroyed.  I need to save fuel."
"Stay away from Cap!" Leon said, the gun in his hand.  It was aimed right at Tony's power crystal.  Tony paid it no mind, going back to supporting Susan on the field.
When Sharon finished looking him over, Tony carefully did a spin, using the walking stick to take the weight off his bad leg.  "Would you like to see the rest of me?" he said, waggling his eyebrows over his shoulder at her.
Probably, Tony realized with a wince.  The War was too important to ignore, and dragon society was practically a utopia right out of a science fiction novel.  He could only bitterly picture humanity as a corrupting influence.
When he tried to open his mouth to say all of that, he dry heaved again.  Stark kept running his fingers through Steve's hair, murmuring soft assurances with a soothing voice that Steve hadn't known the man had.  He was a little ashamed to admit that he needed it just then.
When Tony pulled back, Steve felt a little breathless.  "Be careful out there," Tony said, stepping away.  He wasn't meeting Steve's eyes.  "I'll prep the quinjet for you."
"That brace you're wearing," Cap continued.  "I recognize it.  It's more high-tech, but it's the same design as the one Tony made for Rhodey.  If you have time for self-pity, you could be doing the physical training Tony gave you.  Those will help you be more independent again."
stick around and visit the man who had saved him.  He could also put off their talk awhile longer and go through JARVIS's code with a fine-tooth comb to make sure Hydra hadn't succeeded in leaving any surprises.  The latter would test Steve's resolve to actually talk about 'this'.  Considering the last time Tony had brought it up he'd been shot down, he was leaning towards the latter option at the moment.  Once burned, twice shy, and all of that.
"Conquering this world would be a boon to it!" Kang replied.  "I will speed up the rate at which technology is produced so that when the war comes, Earth will be ready for it!"
"It makes us unable to use fire and weakens us," Steve said, his mental voice pained.  "They tried to use magic on me so I could...  I was really small when I was younger.  Small and sick.  Johann wanted to show us the surface, so-" Green, Gray and Brown.  Curiosity and wonder as wide and big as the cavern sky.  The scent of wind on a summer day, and the tang of sweet spices and minerals from the earth's secret places.  Deep magic that was as malleable as a branch in the wind. "-tried to use the magic to make dragons stronger on the surface with a higher tolerance for the cold.  I volunteered."
Tony smiled at the words, vicious and bitter, turning to Steve with anger that was barely hidden.  "Tons.  Billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.  What's not to love?"
"Welcome back, Sleeping Beauty," Rhodey said, rubbing his eyes.  "I am not saving your ass from a dragon, by the way.  I'm also not kissing you."
"He, uh, wasn't taking no for an answer," Clint said, looking mildly embarrassed from the doorway.  The door itself was hanging on its hinges.
"Bullies don't change, Captain," Stark said, his eyes cold.  "And when they break your nose and you go home only to get backhanded for starting a fight you couldn't win, you stop fighting them."
It was too hard to see in the orange glow of the setting sun, but Steve could have sworn there was a light blush on Tony's face before he turned away.  He cursed the lack of real light, because
"Don't..." Tony said, watching his breath in front of him in the last of the light that the little crystal gave off.  "Go.  Save...  I'm sorry."
He disappeared then, but his code was still up for her to play with.  She hugged her pillow tighter, then set about coding purple stripes onto his fingers.
affect him, even when he pretended they didn't.  There was a stiffness about the normally fluid armor and the way his gauntlets didn't quite curl into fists.  Iron Man pretended a lot of things didn't bother him, but after the past half year they had been working together, Steve had seen enough to know it was a lie.
" as they walked out, however, though he was pretty sure she had waited until they were out of earshot.
Tony sighed, loosening his tie as he looked down at his tablet.  The math wasn't right.  No matter what he did, the numbers didn't add up.  The repulsors were never going to function at this rate.
Funniest thing was that the dragon's mouth wasn't moving, but it felt like she was definitely the one talking.  "No offense, Ma'am," Tony said, thinking it didn't hurt to be polite.  "But the last dragon I fought with wasn't so friendly.  And this one did attack me first."  Not that Fing Fang Foom had been much of an actual dragon, but it was still a legitimate concern.
"Sure, sure.  Just not about our lunch meetings," Tony mumbled, low enough that Steve had probably not been meant to hear it, but people tended to forget Steve had better than average senses.  Tony had sounded almost bitter.
"Got it in one, Capsicle.  Now go back to the ice where they found you," Tony said, reaching up to flick away a hologram.  "No one needs a relic who only messes up the time line further."
" Tony said, stumbling back until he fell.  His heart was beating double time as he tried to push the image from his mind.  His stomach rolled and he could feel himself trembling as he swallowed back bile.  "Steve-"
Tony resolutely did not think of the pride and wonder that had been in Steve's thoughts during the memory.  He coughed.  "It happens occasionally," he said, also not thinking about the meaning of why human faces turned red.  He got the sense Steve figured out the truth anyway and was very interested in that fact.  Punk.
, it'd be Tony, not me.  Failing doesn't make you less Captain America.  That's never been what the uniform was about."
are?  A stuck-up brat who can only lash out at the world?" Steve yelled, because that cut deep.  Deeper than Steve had prepared for, and his anger went off hotter than a firecracker.   "How many people are willing to put up with you?"
"Have you eaten anything today?" Tony asked, some of the anger draining out of him.  "Looking a bit peaky there, Cap.  You know increased metabolism means you need to eat more."
Tony rolled, then righted himself as he looked around.  He saw the culprit flying across the way.  He swore.
"Let me finish," Jarvis said, more to spare them both the emotional discussion than to cut him off.  "No good's gonna come from these fantasies of yours if you keep kicking up a fuss.  The man's dead.  People will talk if you keep this up.  And if it's hard for me to accept, others will tear you down.  You've enough money to get away with it, but you know it won't be a picnic.  He's dead, Tony.  Let him go."
"So says the guy who traded all of his flaws for the peak of human perfection," Leo said, the bitterness in his words catching Susan off guard.
The big, white room was about as home as he could get. He couldn't count the number of times he had fallen asleep on the little red couch, and the familiar tools and half-finished projects greeted him like old friends.  A few things had been moved around, but he put that down to Jarvis ordering a cleaning behind his back.
She angled the phone to show a snoring Clint on what looked like a bunch of hay.  A farm of some sort?  Clint looked surprisingly at home on it.
"Well, you are guarded," Peggy replied playfully, some of her unease dispersing in the banter.  "But Steve can sometimes be stubborn.  He'll come around.  Just let him sulk for a little while."
"Less chatter, more finding out what the damned Krauts want.  Keep an eye out for this 'Madame Hydra' we keep hearing about," Fury growled over the comms.
Tony didn't remember much of the landing, but he was pulled out of the daze when Sam started tearing the suit to shreds.  "Don't-"
Rhodey broke off some of his omelette, but didn't eat it.  Instead he stared down at the plate without really seeing the food.  "Look, Cap.  I'm not saying it's easy being in Tony's orbit, but it's
Steve turned to see Iron Man waving from a few secluded bushes.  He had half a hot dog in his hand.  "Is everything alright?"
"It's for a request," Steve said, feeling his cheeks heat at Fury's eyebrows raising, though he couldn't pinpoint why.
"It's Tony's fault," Pepper replied.  "Rhodey wasn't recovered enough and still needed protection, and Happy couldn't take on the robots by himself.  And
"Now that that's settled, I have it on good authority that rejections need ice cream," Clint said, putting his phone away.  "And beer.  But I don't think that'd do much for your metabolism."
Tony couldn't help it.  He looked up in surprise, catching Steve's eyes.  They were trained on him with a stubborn set of Steve's chin.  "Why?" Tony asked, his voice dull and blank.
, the Skrull who killed her family, impersonated her mother, and tortured Cap, and all that mattered was that she wasn't getting away again.
He leaned against the glass, looking down at the page and wondering if he was just making a mess of things, being down here.  He couldn't quite bring himself to go back up, though.  Tony was...  Curling further against the glass, Steve kept drawing.  The armor stood by, and the room felt emptier, but Steve focused on the drawing.
Tony froze for a nanosecond, then jumped into action.  Susan and Kes were tinkering with the armor and Leon and Steve were occupied.  "Little Bear, suit up," he said over the coms.  Then he cursed as a small army came into view of the radar.  They were trying to blast down the door.
The face plate stared at him, dark and haunting with none of the life Steve was used to associating with Iron Man.  Without Tony, it was just a suit of armor.  Tony was the heart of Iron Man all along, not the reactor.
Jarvis sighed and Tony looked away, not knowing what he'd done to deserve the disappointment this time, but having a guess.  "You know I've never approved of those sorts of trysts, boy," Jarvis said, shaking his head slightly.  "But this whole damned business is enough to set anyone off his rocker."
Contrary to popular belief and her original purpose of spying on him, Natasha really was his favorite.
He knelt down, picking up the gun and checking it over carefully.  He was going to have to start conserving bullets soon, and he didn't like to think of what else they might come across in this jungle.  Next time he was with the suit, he was going to try detaching one of the gauntlets.  That would at least have a renewable power source and he'd designed it so that it should be possible.
Leon sat on the floor for a long while just breathing.  Finally, he pushed himself up, wincing at the weight on his bad leg.  He cleaned up as well as he could, then limped out...
"Right," Tony said, still not quite believing it.  "Anyway, back to the point, Mr. Deflection.  What are you caught up on?"
Okay.  Steve refused to think of what sort of 'family' matter Iron Man didn't want to talk about.  "Anything I can do to help?" he asked, mentally preparing himself for the answer.
Steve's head went down and his wings moved in agitation before he packed them back against his back.  He jumped to a branch that was a bit too far below him and Tony winced in empathic pain.  Steve finally managed a half glide, half hop down to the ground, but not without several new scratches and a bruise or two from bumping into the metal walls of the temple.
"One True Pairing," Steve said, a little smug now that he was more up to date than Sam. Never mind that he had just looked it up himself. Come to think of it though, he'd seen it before on some of his pictures of Wanda and Vision, and the one of Rhodey and Sam, so at least it wasn't just him and Tony.
Steve grabbed his shield, body protesting every movement as dizziness threatened to put him back down.  He pushed through it, clipping the shield to his back and picking Tony up.  He started to go back towards the outskirts of the warehouse as fast as his battered body would take him.  Jane or Bruce, one of them had to know what to do to save Tony.
"No," Pepper said.  Then she paused.  "Yes.  I'm not Iron Man.  But Obidiah had a suit too, so, maybe?"
Tony slapped Steve's hand away.  Steve was surprised to find Tony's eyes were wet when they finally met his.  They were also angry.  "You damn well know why.  You saw the video.  It means I
"I won't destroy the world!" Steve said, stopping his attack as fear crept over him.  He would never.
"It won't," Tony agreed, because the Avengers would never stop looking for Steve, even when any hope for Tony would be lost.  He was... not fine with it, not really.  But not afraid like he was last time.  Steve was with him, and he'd heard that freezing to death was just like going to sleep.  It wouldn't be so bad this time.
Steve reached down and took Iron Man's hand in his, turning it over so it was palm up and running his fingers along where Iron Man's pulse should be.  The armor was warm under his finger tips, not over heated, but definitely not cool either, and the seams that allowed Iron Man free movement gave him a pattern to trace slowly, sensually.
"Okay, kiddo.  Fixing things is what I'm good at," Tony said, finally looking over at Steve.  His husband, who stayed a good distance away despite the fact that Tony had been gone for... five months?  Wow.  That was a while.  Tony felt a pang of betrayal, and he scanned Steve for Skrull DNA, but came up with nothing but a hologram.  Was he still that angry?
"I..." Steve said, slight embarrassment coloring his tone.  Tony hid a smile.  The dragon really had been half asleep when Tony poked him awake every morning.  "Alright."
Tony felt Steve's pain, claws tearing into the dragon's shoulder.  It snapped him out of the daze the skull had put him in and he turned to race back to Steve.  But he couldn't turn, and his arms pulled as he tried to move.  "Steve!  What-"
Steve wasn't in his own bed.  He stilled completely upon realizing that, then relaxed as memories of last night filtered in.  Then he groaned, because even the serum didn't stop his neck from pinching after a night of sleeping on the couch.  It was still dark out, and Steve was debating finding a proper bed or just continuing to sleep when he realized he had a heavy weight on top of him.
"Tony, what are you talking about?  Of course I do," Steve said, hands going up to his shoulders to shake him gently.  "Hey, look at me.  Tony, what's going on?"
Tony would have actually paid to see that.  Then again, he wasn't entirely sure he could handle that much bad ass sexy in one place.  He wasn't twenty anymore and Rhodey was entirely too straight for those fantasies.  The thought of it was really doing things for his competency kink though.
He felt a soft brush of lips on his forehead.  He had a brief moment to wonder if he'd imagined it before the drink lulled him to sleep.
"Hey!" Tony said, grabbing Steve's biceps in a slight panic.  "Put me down!  This isn't - that's not dignified.  Cool the dance moves, Patrick Swayze.  Damn it, Rogers, put me down!"
Tony reached up to wipe them away with his now good hand, flushing slightly.  "The human body's response to sadness or pain," he said.  "They're called tears."
Steve looked through the rest of the data, beginning to understand why Tony was upset.  He swallowed, feeling a little sick at the implications of the readings.  Kestrel's scans wouldn't be much better.  "We got them back," Steve said, as much for himself as for Tony.  "We'll keep them from getting hurt like this again."
"No, you're right," Tony said, still not meeting Steve's eyes.  "I fucked up.  That's what I do best, after all.  That's who I am.  Happy now?"
"I didn't know," Susan said.  Of course, the history books said how his father had made so much money, but they all said Tony had shut the weapons department down.  They never said much about before then.
Tony was terrified, but he was killing himself to save the world despite that.  There was an Iron Man in that time line, even if Tony didn't see it.
He got strong anger in reply.  Tony pressed his lips together, forcefully pushing the hurt down.  It was his pain, not Steve's, this time.  The nagas had been pressing Steve's wounds earlier, but now Tony could feel the bindings falling off Steve.  It hurt to spread his wings, but he spread them threateningly.
"Can't help the metal," Tony said.  "It's supposed to protect me.  Remember the gun that I shot Steve with?  The armor stops those."
Steve swallowed hard.  "Thank you for telling me," he said, shaking his head to clear it.  He had a lot to think about.  "And I'm sorry for assuming earlier.  That wasn't right."
He didn't want to leave it like that, but she pushed him back in the cave.  It felt like he was being pulled in a million different ways.  Viper, the dragons, the War... Who was he supposed to help?  Why was it too damned much to want to help all of them?
Fear settled in her gut, but she swallowed and pushed it down, scanning the darkness for the train.   It was still a ways off; she could barely see it even with the suit's distance viewers.
Tony woke up to an aching body and bile forcing it's way up his throat.  To top it off, he had a pounding headache, ten times worse than any hangover he could remember.  He was trembling as he tried to thrash about, but something was holding him down.
"But why wasn't his name on that report?" Steve asked, feeling a twinge of sorrow that accompanied Coulson's name.  He hadn't known the man that well, but Natasha, Clint, and Iron Man seemed to have.
Tony was kissing him.  Steve lost a few moments during that, because he didn't remember Tony's hand entangling in his hair and pulling him in, or how Tony's tongue got in his mouth.  He was swept away by the desperation and need that only belatedly Steve realized wasn't just coming from him in the way Tony's other hand gripped Steve's shirt.  Steve made a noise that was embarrassingly similar to a whimper, the memories of their last kiss a thing he had only dreamed about these past two months.
Steve let out a puff of smoke that Tony guessed was a draconic sigh.  "I suppose we can put off teasing you for food."
Tony felt fear rush through him at the sight of the red skull-like face.  He didn't believe in religion, but the man looked devilish in the moss's light.  He was dark and terrifying in ways that Tony didn't understand, and he was shooting at two dragons.  One silver and the other...
"Relax, Cap.  We're almost home," Tony said, glancing up from his tablet to see Steve sigh and sit down.
"Prove yourself loyal to Hydra now and I might keep you alive for the ZEMO chemical.  The orichalcum and your armor would help us win this war," Viper said.  She walked up to Tony and traced her hand down the chest of the armor.  Tony was glad he was encased in it, his heart hidden from the world.  Even still, he shivered at the threat, feeling cold.
Steve didn't want to talk about it, so he ignored the slight hurt in Tony's eyes when he kept up his stage smile and deflected.  "Any news on Colonel Rhodes yet?"
It was dark inside.  He was glad for the little crystal that had charged in the morning's light, because while he'd made some headway in night vision and thermographic technology, it still didn't beat normal light.  He carried a moss lamp as well, which he lit and got a better look at the interior of the temple.
Forcing his heart out of his throat, Tony leaned back against the desk.  "Come on, darling.  You know I work for the highest bidder.  I want my autonomy and access to my own suit."
Steve was about to reply when he saw another middle-aged woman making her way towards them with a determined glint in her eye.  She probably wouldn't be as bad, but Steve was done with middle-aged women right now.  "I'm going to be in the garden if anyone needs me."
"I'm not used to this," Tony said, hiding his now burning face in Steve's shoulder.  "Feeling everything constantly.  It's like I still..."
Steve flushed, knowing that one had come directly from Iron Man.  He was torn between feeling betrayed that Iron Man would warn someone about that and feeling pleased that Iron Man had mentioned him to someone.  "Maybe a little," he admitted.  "But what I heard... Mr. Stark seems to be trying very hard, but none of us have really acknowledged that.  I'd like to try to fix that."
"No more snakes for you," Rhodey said, smile turning softer.  "You need someone to vet your relationships, man."
"Yeah?"  Tony looked up.  Steve was looking at him, and he slowly moved forward, telegraphing his movements.  Tony nodded, then Steve moved closer, his cheek brushing against Tony's.
Tony touched her shoulder, immediately immersed.  He was expecting it this time, but that didn't stop his or Steve's surprise.  This time the vision was of them.  It was Steve's thoughts he saw this time, not a stranger's.
"It's not impossible that they're keeping her under the radar, but more than likely," Tony said.  "You okay with that?"
"I respect your choice, Shellhead.  Doesn't mean it's not hard sometimes, but that's not your fault," Steve said, both to reassure Iron Man and remind himself.  "I did want to talk to you about the other day."
Steve balled his fists, but didn't go after her.  Clint smiled at him, squeezing his shoulder before picking up his own hot dog.  "Are you going to go after him?"
There was a mixture of hurt and confusion that was quickly replaced by a neutral expression on Tony's face.  "'Pepper says he liked going down on her in his sports cars.'  You got a thing for Pep, Cap?"
"If you didn't find them all the first three times, there probably isn't more," Steve said, his arms sliding around Tony's waist as he rested his chin on his shoulder.
Phones in this century were sure swell, being able to do all that within a minute.  Unfortunately, under a minute meant he still had more time to wait.
"I..."  Tony said, caught off guard.  Steve had flat out refused the last time he offered, saying the current uniform was still good enough and that he didn't want to waste it just for a few minor upgrades.  Tony had hidden the hurt, sulking in his lab by upgrading the Widow's sting and Clint's arrows.  They at least appreciated his upgrades.  "But I thought you didn't like the waste?"
"I am," Stark said, sighing heavily as he led Steve to the small kitchen.  "Could be drinking right now too.  You've an inconvenient habit of cutting me off when I least want ya to."
Two months later, Steve balanced a tray in one hand as he put in the new access code Tony had given him.  Now him, Bruce, and Jane all had access to Tony's lab, though Steve came in more just to sit with Tony and draw than to do science like the others.
"You okay?"  There were two hands on his shoulders.  Tony looked up into cobalt eyes that were warm and open.  Steve moved one hand to Tony's forehead, humming softly.
"Not for the claustrophobic," Tony said.  He pat Steve's flank once more before giving him a sloppy salute and walking towards the door.
Then he saw Jan and Tony in the eye of the storm and relaxed.  If there was an emergency, Tony would be in the armor instead of laying on his stomach and cutting fabric.  And Jan would be small and fierce, not humming as she sewed a button onto whatever costume she was making.  It didn't look like her normal colors, so Steve was a little confused.  Were they getting someone new on the team?
"Never thought a sitrep would calm him down," Steve said, hissing with pain as Rhodey helped him to his feet.
"I can fly too, so long as I have the suit," Tony said, though admittedly, he should be conserving the fuel.  He could definitely take care of himself, however.  Flying wasn't a problem, if need be.
He was showing a drawing of a cat to Sam when his friend reminded him of the second idea Tony had proposed. "You should post those online," Sam said.
"Isn't that the human custom?" Sam asked.  "Did I get it wrong?  Peggy said the hand greeting was what humans did."
Steve was hurt, the pain on his face so honest that Tony wanted to punch those perfect teeth.  "You're angry because I trusted you?" he asked.
"We'll fix it," Tony said, putting some of his own stubbornness into his words.  "You'll protect the city and I'll get rid of that hydra.  If something breaks, we can fix it.  Rebuild."
"If you like," Steve said.  He laid down on the roof, holding his wing out in invitation.  "As an apology."
That made a depressing amount of sense.  "So it's a long siege, not a quick skirmish, is what you're saying?"
"Dr. Foster also wishes to relay that if you touch it before she has the chance to examine it, she will do some rather undesirable things."
Steve took a shower first and chided himself for staring at his closet for too long, picking out one of his normal shirts rather than the nicer one he'd been gravitating towards.  His crush was getting a little ridiculous.  "JARVIS, is Tony in the building?"
Tony laughed.  "Alright, 'Captain America.'  Lead the way," Tony said, humming a Cole Porter tune under his breath.
"To get more, you have to agree to let me take you on a date," Steve said, improvising.  He was definitely going to google kissing tips when he got home that night.
"I nearly had him," Natasha said, crossing her arms over her chest.  "Just a week or so more and he would have trusted me.  But with my cover blown, there was nothing I could do."
"What's Doom thinking anyway?" Clint said after calling out a formation to Thor.  "Taking over the world is fun, so robots?"
Tony landed off to the side, scanning the cavern ceiling for more of the rocks that were falling.  Small ones for now, but he did a quick calculation and realized the cavern had to cover at least a few cities on the surface.  The way Steve was talking didn't help.  He got a sense of resignation, and it made Tony feel like he was smaller, that he never should have come here.  This was his fault...
The reactor in the center of the suit came to life.  The Red Skull was yelling something and trying to move away, but it was too late.  Clutching at his side, the Red Skull fell.
"Mission successful," Tony said, taking a seat next to Steve.  "Rhodey's bringing in more supplies, no hiccups."
"So you're asking me to trust you?" Steve asked.  It was too little, too late.  If Tony or Iron Man had come to him at the start of this, it might have been different.  But now...
He usually brought his sketch book with him, but this time he just sat and watched.  He hated seeing Tony so still.  He never got used to it, and he couldn't bring himself to take Tony's hand either.  Pepper did when she was here, but every time Steve tried, guilt took over before he closed the distance to Tony's hand.  There were too many questions about where he stood with Tony to do it.
"I'm sorry," Tony said again, pulling his hand back into his lap.  "That was...  What I said before at the Tower too.  And how bad I am at this."
Tony looked up at the stars, thinking of the crest Steve had worn as a dragon.  "You died," Tony said, staring at the North Star.  He shivered, remembering the bone chilling cold.
"Okay, old man," Sam said with a laugh. "I'll take your word on it. So how did a geezer like you stumble onto such modern vices?"
Afterwards, Tony merely raised his eyebrows at Steve, who looked away.  "You know, I'd be more willing to believe it wasn't my fault if you believed it yourself," Tony said dryly.
"And you'll be home for...  is it Christmas?  Is that the word?" Steve teased, but the melancholy of his tone pervaded.  "They need you more, Tony."
"You're running out of space," he remarked as they came to the very end of the cavern wall.  He could feel Steve's alarm at that, which made him wonder that this wasn't common knowledge.
"The magic reveals itself to those who it will," Wanda interrupted, her voice as hard as the rocks around them, though not unkind.  "Would you normally lose interest in murals of our history, like the ones beyond the gate?"
into the portal, didn't you?  He had to have some sort of tech to keep him still in the time line, but that doesn't mean it still won't get messy without him."
Shame won over and Steve bit down the irritability that came with it. He really should have at least tried to pay enough attention so that he wouldn't be caught off guard. "Sorry," Steve said. "You started talking about mixing polymers, and I got a bit lost."
"Back down from what?" Tony asked, hissing himself when shifting jostled his arm.  The tail around his waist curled tighter, leaving him with limited mobility.
Steve had given in so easily, nor about Steve's arms wrapping around him and the hand rubbing at Tony's back.  He also didn't want to think about Steve wearing his suit jacket, because that way led to madness.  And if he curled up tighter against Steve for more reasons than warmth, Steve at least didn't mention it.  Tony was far more grateful for that than he should have been.
"Tony knew it was coming," Steve said.  "He decoded a message from the future with the help from Doom that-"
"Jane and I think Doom might have done something," Bruce agreed.  "I'll take this to Natasha to see what she can find with her connections, but could you..."
Tony couldn't help how his shoulders hunched inward.  "It wasn't a good time," he said, mostly succeeding in keeping the bitterness out of his words.
There was an underlying current of anger from Sam that made Tony wince.  He probably deserved that, but it didn't stop the slight hurt.
Sighing, Steve leaned over his knees and put his face in his hands.  "Then why do I feel like the bad guy here?" he asked the empty room.
Tony didn't hesitate, dropping down as something flew over his suit.  It took him a moment to get his breath back from the jolt.  "What was that?"
He felt it when Steve was bitten by the poisonous teeth as the hydra's claws pierced through the armor.  He felt the pain in his gut and grit his teeth as the claw twisted then pulled out, a scream still managing to rip through his throat.
"-can't do this," he heard Ms. Potts say, her voice moving closer.  "I'm not trained for this sort of thing, Tony.  It's insane!"
The suit took off.  He probably could have heard what Kestrel was saying if he'd been connected to the base's defense systems, but he didn't dare, not after what had happened to JARVIS.  Instead, he piloted the suit out of the hangar, flying up and feeling pure
Steve weighed his options.  He should respect Tony's wishes and leave.  If he did that though, would he be let back in?
A card fell out of the folder and he picked it up.  Some sort of baseball card.  When did he start collecting those?  When he flipped it over, he felt like he'd just been gutted.
There was a loud, screeching noise down below, along with the sound of many flapping wings.  Tony was suddenly very glad he hadn't landed on the apparent
"Oh, it's...  it's under the table," Steve said, bending down to pick it up.  He pulled it out, the one little stick still moving in its stubborn insistence, but obviously broken.
"He's not here," Sam said apologetically, herding Tony to the dining hall as Wanda took off again.  It was big and dragon-sized, but Tony never minded eating on the floor and the dragons would sit with him rather than at the daises that were too big for him.  "But you need to eat before you fall over.  We tried 'cooking' some of the meat for you, but I think Sharon got a little overly-enthusiastic."
Quartz.  A plain crystal.  "I'll get it later," Tony said.  He didn't sleep for a long while, not until the grief tired him out.
They fell into an intuitive pattern after that.  Twice they missed the time frame to cauterize the neck, but they were down four heads.  Tony would never have thought fighting with a dragon could be this easy.  They'd never practiced, but Tony felt like he could read Steve's moves better than he could Rhodey's.  He knew when Steve was hurt, but it didn't affect him like it had earlier.  Now it helped him cover the dragon while Steve healed.  He wondered if this was the bond or if it was something else entirely.
Tony woke a few times and the shaking started to decrease after a while.  The other symptoms started to fade as well, long enough for him to get a shower (even if he needed help for it) and feel almost human again.  Sadly, the hamburgers he demanded hadn't gone down well, and Bruce was too polite to say "I told you so," but that didn't mean he wasn't thinking it hard whenever he glared at Tony.
"No lifts," Tony said reproachfully, though his lips were pressed together in a way that reminded Steve of Rhodey's impassiveness at Tony's antics.  Except Tony was nowhere as proficient at pretending he wasn't amused, as Steve could see the slight twitch of a smile.
There was a tension in Tony's shoulders that became more pronounced.  "It's supposed to protect him," Tony said, anger just barely hidden under the conversational tone.  "It failed."
He chuckled softly, looking at what he could see of the cavern ceiling over Steve's wing.  The moss was just starting to glow, but Steve had shifted in his sleep, covering more of Tony than normal so it was hard to get a good view.  Tony reached out and ran his hand over the wing in front of him, oddly soothed at the motion.
Tony nodded, because trying to argue with Steve was exhausting.  It worked, at least.  The dragons were warned.  He'd apologized, even if he wasn't forgiven.  It was the best he could do.
There was no Iron Man either when they got back to the Tower in the late afternoon, but a tired Bruce waved at them as they returned to the kitchen, pushing up his glasses as he sipped at his tea.  "Any luck?" Natasha asked, turning the kettle back on.
"To be fair, the suit isn't really meant for stealth," Tony said as he wiped the tears from his eyes.  "I'll just have to look imposing to scare them away."
Tony screamed again as the naga dragged him up by his bad arm.  He tried to kick and throw the naga off, but the pain was too overwhelming and he was easily over-powered.  Fire engulfed his arm despite the cold, and he could do nothing against it.
"Isn't it a bit early for Christmas movies?" Steve asked.  An adorable confused look mingled with affection on his face, affection that was aimed at
"I thought aliens were supposed to be little green men," Steve said, wincing as he stood up properly.  His back didn't thank him for that fall.
The cavern itself was unassuming.  It certainly didn't have any of the murals that the gate had and it looked to be nothing more than plain rock.  "Are the murals further back?" he asked uncertainly.
"For last night."  Tony was eating his own omelet that was greener than Steve would have pegged him for.  He also wasn't looking up from it.  "For... never mind.  Just thanks."
"You're a bit late," she hissed, firing the thrusters to regain her balance and catch up to the train again.  Now she had the two remaining ones firing at her.
"Thoughtful," Tony said, letting them fall into a companionable silence as he limped down.  Thoughtful, but damned inconvenient in this case.  These stairs simply weren't meant for humans, especially not one with bruised ribs to make breathing difficult.  He was, he supposed, not their usual wounded.
Tony felt Steve's throat grow hot, but there was no flame.  Instead, Steve gave off the impression of 'not this early' without actually saying the words, the lazy bum, and he puffed a bit of smoke grumpily.  Tony was an old hat at Steve's morning crotchetiness by this point, so he poked Steve again.  "We have to find Viper today," he said.  "No time for a lie-in."
focused, and generally in his own world, not ours.  If it's not within his immediate sphere, he doesn't always notice.  Did you tell him about your Tumblr?"
Fury looked at the plate again, then at Steve.  "From what I know of Stark, he's usually never hurting for food.  You can go after.  Won't take long, but I've come to talk to you about Stark."
Steve's eyes met Tony's as he lay on the ground, brown eyes he'd never seen under the helmet's blue.  They were determined, fixed in an expression that was a novelty on Tony, but Steve knew that look must have been hidden under the armor countless times.  Steve threw his shield at Tony rather than the chair.
"Sam, Dum Dum," Steve said, his mental voice anguished as he paused to gather his thoughts among the sea of loss, almost choking on the names even though they weren't actually vocalized.  "Keep an eye on Sharon.  Make sure she doesn't create...  Make sure she doesn't make more of the heads."
That gained him a smile from Thor.  Thor had once confided in him that Midgardian technology was so basic that it was like looking at the history books, and he had never been very good at history, preferring the here and now.  He'd made Steve promise never to tell Iron Man or their land lord out of fear of offending them, and Steve privately thought Thor's discretion was wise.
Leon frowned, squinting at Tony, who just waved cheekily.  "Not Skrull," Leon agreed, confusion taking over.
"... I missed you," Kes said quietly as she put down the helmet, shocking Susan.  "I missed you so much and I broke my promise."
cut himself while working with the chicken, rather than the vegetables.  He grabbed Tony's wrist and pulled him over to the sink, washing out the cut on his finger thoroughly.
"No," Tony said.  He struggled, trying to throw the Hydra soldiers off as Zemo stepped closer with a needle.  He couldn't move.  "No.  Steve-"
Thor had nothing but sympathy in his eyes when he spoke.  "My friend, we've all seen how you look after our Iron shieldbrother.  It doesn't take a spy to see that you have been troubled as of late."
"That's all it takes?" Tony said, looking down, but not before Steve caught a hint of moisture in his eyes.  "Huh."
"You're just saying that because dragons don't like metal," Tony said.  He had his helmet strapped to his waist, and he took it in his hands.  "I'm going to have to put this on, you know."
"Then you should join him, Captain," Thor said, also taking a hot dog and grinning widely.  "There is no need to see each other while you eat.  I'm sure he would welcome the company."
Peggy's wings wrapped around him as well, pulling him closer, and Tony immediately thought of walls.  Walls were what Wanda had called them.  Walls would probably be a good mental projection to keep the others out.  He was rewarded by Sharon's confusion and Peggy's rumbling sigh.
"And the guy who stepped up as a father figure when Tony's parents died," Rhodey continued.  "Tony was... He was always a bit funny, when Stane was around, but now...  Pepper and I sometimes wonder if Stane was keeping Tony down.  Nothing really overt, but little things that were harder to see and that add up over time."
Rhodey looked at Steve, questions in his eyes, then back to Doom when Steve couldn't quite get over his self-recrimination enough to answer.  "What's this message you're going on about?"
"No, it's f-fine," Susan stammered, torn between trying to help him and staying put.  "We were just going to-" she started to say, then cut herself off.
"Or we can get to know both sides of you," Steve said.  "I did.  I know we've said some pretty horrible things in the past, but we can be better, especially once if they know you personally.  You just have to give us a chance."
He was half asleep by the time he made it through the meal, and his headache was only getting worse.  He wanted to check on Steve, but he hurt a little too much already.  He went up to the roof when Sam prodded him, surprised to find it wasn't empty.  "Steve!"
"I wonder if you did," Peggy replied, and there was a sad look in her brown eyes as he tightened his walls.  "He worries when you do that."
"Nope," Steve said, his fingers tracing other scars Tony had gained over the years.  "I just had a hell of a sexy silver fox for a husband."
"She would have found the crystal regardless.  The only difference is it happened faster and now we have a warning that we would not have had if you had not been there," Wanda said.
"I won't go far," Tony snapped, losing patience despite the fact he knew something was off with Steve.  "You won't even know to miss me.  I'll be back before you can sing that Disney song about the cold.  I promise, Snow Queen.  We need a fire."
"Hm," Tony said again, giving a quiet sigh that sent shivers down Steve's spine.  "Captain Americat and Iron Mouse in post-coital cuddles."
"I'm-" Red, white, blue - art and a glowing light spoken of only in legends.  The feeling of calm after the rain and the stubborn of a rock that refused to move.  Stars were part of Steve's dragon name, but he'd never seen them.  Tony resolved to make that a promise he wouldn't break.
Steve spun around, his heart rate spiking.  It was fortunately only Rhodey pulling Tony into a half-head-lock, half hug.  "Man, you have some explaining to do.  I take one little nap and you go off the deep end.  What did I tell you about going off the deep end without me?"
"Yup," Susan said awkwardly, because Cap could easily check the camera logs to see.  He didn't though, making him one of the world's strangest computer programs.
"Tell him to be careful, but good.  We'll be here if he needs backup."  Steve passed another sandwich down to him and smiled reassuringly.  It made him happier than he wanted to think about that Tony accepted the suggestion, even if the thought of Iron Man doing it alone bothered him.  Still, going in with all the Avengers wouldn't look good in terms of making an alliance, and Tony and Iron Man were the best equipped to handle the science side of things.  "We'll figure it out, Tony.  I promise."
, only two years older than Susan.  They were children and he could see the signs of abuse and torture in the countless bruises, the way the clothes practically fell off of them, Leon's mangled leg, and the marks on Kestrel's throat and back.  He was half tempted to pull up a punching bag and start systematically taking it apart.  He didn't have the pent-up energy in his body anymore, but he did have a very strong urge to punch something.
.  She forced down the hollow feeling only to swallow down bile.  Heroes shouldn't want revenge.  Everyone knew that.  All the stories about the original Avengers, they were all supposed to be good people, and good people didn't want revenge!  Heroes protected people!
Steve was stiff under him, his hands hovering at Tony's sides for a moment.  Tony could almost feel the moment Steve snapped, a sharp breath being drawn under him, and then Steve's arms wrapping tightly around his back as his shoulders shook and he buried his face against Tony's hair.  "Tony, God, I..." Steve said, his voice trembling.
Steve leaned back in the chair, shaking his head.  "And if I think you don't need to know his reasons either?"
The two dragons may have gotten a glimpse, because Tony found a hesitant tail being wrapped around him.  He looked up to see an angry Steve, but for once Steve's anger wasn't directed at him.  "How can humans do such things to one another?" he asked.
Steve had been reaching for the armor, shock now written on his face as his hand went through rather than circling around the armor's wrist.  "Sorry, Cap," Tony said, giving a sloppy salute with the suit.  "It'll wear off in about four minutes and twenty-three seconds."
Finally, Tony felt arms wrap around his middle.  He was too tired to pull away, instead closing his eyes.  His breath hitched as he felt a tear roll down his cheek.  Fuck, he couldn't...
"This is not a fight that can be won, Steve," Wanda said, her voice gentle.  "You know there are things more important than our lives here.  It's more than just us in danger."
"I don't know," Steve said, hands tracing Tony's back soothingly.  "Herrera and Johnson survived well enough.  More than well enough, from what I heard."
It was a tight fit, but Tony managed without having to put her down.  The first inner courtyard was green and overgrown, despite the metal, and Tony spared a moment to wonder if all human buildings would end up like this one day.  All the modern marvels of the Empire State Building lost to ever merciless nature.  Maybe that was what gave him the chills.
"Yeah," Steve said, fear settling into a soft hope that Tony felt envelop him.  "After the War ends."
"Wouldn't have pegged Stark for being able to hide from your interrogation talents," Clint said, leaning against the bar stool but not sitting on it.
Steve wasn't happy with being sidelined, but Tony could feel how tired he was.  Tony himself felt exhausted, dragon healing taking a toll on his body.
Of course.  Steve always appeared when he was getting frustrated or questioning why he couldn't figure out even easy things.  In the end, Steve had even suggested putting off their date if Tony was on a roll.  How close had Tony been to giving in?  If he hadn't already been shaking, he would have shuddered.  As it was, Thor had to help turn his head as he dry heaved.  The Red Skull had used
That was probably truer than he cared to let on.  He did miss New York, but not as much as he missed the people.
"He is the last person I want to see right now.  He's the one who got me into this mess in the first place!  This is going to be
Steve wisely said nothing when Tony stopped telling him all the reasons it wasn't possible.  It could all wait until after the War.  Then he could think about all the different kinds of energy.
"Come, Steve," Thor said, placing a hand on Steve's shoulder.  "Stark does know more than we do in this case, and jealousy does not sit well on your shoulders."
,' Steve heard, even if Tony didn't say it.  He placed a hand on Tony's shoulder.  "It's not your fault."
," Tony said, but he didn't seem that bothered by how fast they were going.  And if Tony actually wanted to slow down, Steve would wait for that.  He just wanted his intentions clear.
"I'm fine," Tony bit out, though he didn't let go of Steve's sleeve, even when Steve placed a hand over his comfortingly.  He tried to take a painful deep breath as Steve sat back down and resolutely pushed the fear that threatened to overwhelm him away.  Steve was here.  Tony wasn't going to die and he wasn't alone.
"Healers?" Tony asked skeptically as he looked around for another walking stick since he'd lost his other one in the fight.  Either she meant a doctor and Tony already knew time was the best healer for his particular injuries, or herbs that were generally more of a placebo than anything.  Rhodey was great with herbs, but Tony was much more skeptical of eastern medicine that practiced that sort of thing.
"Just give it a shot," Sam said, clapping his shoulder. "You never know until you try. Worst case, people might actually like you."
Tony scrambled to pull it out of his pocket.  "It's just a normal quartz now," Tony said.  "It doesn't glow.  I've tried to recreate the effect, but nothing works."
it wasn't Steve's fault.  But he couldn't...  He needed the space.  Steve was close to suffocating him, and Tony felt guilty just admitting it.  But the only reason Steve wasn't here now was that Leon needed comforting and that...
"Okay, you're sulking worse than usual," Natasha said as she walked in the common room.  "What is it this time?  Tony cancelled lunch or Sam with bad news about Bucky?"
"Sharon has just been made part of the-" Another dragon name-feeling, but this time it was an aerial image of the city and a sense of
He threw Sam an exasperated look, which Sam returned with a cheeky smile. "Not porn then. So what makes Steve Rogers blush?"
Steve sighed, rubbing his forehead with his palm as he calmed his own temper.  That hurt more than a lot of what Tony had said.  That memory of Peggy was one he clung to.  He shook his head to clear it.  He could worry about that later.  "Stop that," Steve ordered, though gentler than the last demand.  "I get it.  You're angry.  But lashing out and pushing me away won't help."
"Give it one more try," Little Rhodey said, and Tony could hear the tears in her voice.  "You can do it, Kes.  You can code anything!"
"I am Kang.  I have come from the future to eliminate you, the man who should not exist in this time."
The original armor he'd made off his father's designs was in the corner, a big, hulking thing compared to the one he wore while he was with the dragons.  The helmet stared at him accusingly as he walked to it, the cold metal glinting in the light.
"Why are you doing this?" Steve demanded, giving the bubble one last go.  It still refused to break.
Steve rubbed his cheek against the armor helmet once before flicking his wings in agreement.  "Let's go."
"It's not my fault that you got your lame-ass handed to you by wannabe Doombots," Tony said, huffing slightly even as he melted against Rhodey's side.
," Tony stressed, turning away and muttering about wanting to get this over with, but not before Steve caught his quickening breath and slight flush.  "Let's just...   after.  J, Shut down the portal.  I'm sure the message got through by now."
, a small, dark part of him suggested, but he squashed that down quickly.  Iron Man was more than that and Steve knew it.  The fact that this petty jealousy made him even consider it made him ashamed.
With that, he left.  Maybe he didn't always have patience in spades, but stubborn?  That he could do.
There was a hand in his hair, and that felt nice.  Steve automatically leaned into it.  It was just enough for him to stir, but not enough to bring him out of sleep.  The hand was warm though, and he did like warm things.
"I mean that.  Tomorrow night.  You and me at the French restaurant a few blocks away," Steve said, steeling his nerve.
Tony shrugged.  He knew about revenge and grief well enough to know it doesn't always make one rational.  "I'm willing to make amends with old blue if...  Say, you don't happen to have actual names, do you?"
"Yeah, you're a beauty.  Orange and black are fantastic colors.  I should do an armor in those.  And look at those gorgeous eyes.  I'm sure if I were an insect, you would be irresistible."
Tony laughed at something Jan said and smiled at her, happy and carefree.  Steve started when he realized he was staring, grateful he hadn't been caught in the act.  He didn't need to give Jan any more ideas about setting him up.
Tony's knees gave out, but Steve darted closer, catching him before he fell.  Tony had to blink back tears at the sheer grief.  "Tony?" Steve said uncertainly, fear and worry clouding his thoughts.
," Steve said, anger and confusion taking over as he interrupted.  "I don't see why you're making a big fuss over it.  You always tried to hide it from me when I was a dragon, which I still don't completely understand, but now what's holding you back?"
"It's not a threat," Rhodey replied.  "It's a fact.  SHIELD has been keeping quiet about who was attacking at Iron Man's request.  And I don't think you want a government sanctioned Avengers attack on Latveria because Doombots have been attacking military bases."
Steve took his hand, rubbing gently at the joints to make him relax his fist, then checked to make sure the IV wasn't disturbed.  Tony wanted to bat him away, but he couldn't.  He wanted to revel in the feel of Steve's hands covering his own, but he couldn't do that either.
Natasha sat on his bed, looking at him thoughtfully.  "To be honest there's little to no chance of this meeting going well."
He picked up the other gun as well, making his way out of the cavern.  He ducked behind a rock when the Ten Rings guards passed, feeling his heart rate jump as he rubbed his eyes.  Everything was fuzzy around the edges, but he couldn't stop to think about that now.  He had to get out of here.  He had to avenge Steve.
Steve's shoulders slumped, but he nodded.  She was putting her trust in him to watch over Tony while she couldn't be there after all.  He could trust her to call if necessary too.  "You've got a deal."
"Not saying I'm agreeing about the love thing, but why?" Steve asked.  "Tony is..."  Out of Steve's league, that's for certain.  There was no way Tony would go for a kid from Brooklyn, much less someone as stuck in the past as Steve was.
There he saw Tony leaning over to pick up a pan from the floor.  He looked up sheepishly.  "Sorry," Tony said with a wince.  "Didn't mean to wake you."
"Roger that," Tony said.  He turned on the suit's oxygen supply and shot upward.  He went as fast as the suit and his own body would let him, adrenaline racing through his veins as his vision started to grey even with the extra air. It was a rush like no other Tony had ever felt.  He'd only gone this fast a few times and he got yelled at every time he had.  He wasted oxygen he didn't have to let out a cry of exhilaration.  He could feel Steve's wonder boosting the feeling, multiplying it as he pushed faster.
Exhaustion set in as Steve's eyes kept returning to the deathly still form of Tony Stark.  His best friend in this century.  His
Steve swallowed.  Natasha hadn't sent news of getting in touch with Iron Man, but there were other doubts.  Iron Man didn't feel like he was military.  And it didn't make sense for the military to let an operative stay with the Avengers for so much of the time.
Stark stared at him, his face unreadable.  But he stopped trying to pull away, and Steve could feel the pulse in his wrist beating fast.  "Please," Steve pleaded, knowing this would only work if Stark gave him a chance to change.  "What was the favor?"
Steve was quiet for a moment.  He looked over at the remains of the suit, tracing the dents and broken wires.  "He made his choice," Steve said finally, falling back on the only comfort he knew.  The one Peggy had given him.
Then he realized another perk.  "Besides, if I have you on my arm, it'll stop anyone like Mrs. Fairfax from coming on to me."
It was that question again.  Steve grit his teeth.  "No one on the team thought that.   Bruce came to me because both he and Jane were worried.  Do you trust us that little?"
"Steve!" Bucky said, his eyes wide as he tried to reach Steve's hand.  "Why can't you reach, Steve?"
"I thought you might say that," Tony said with a sigh once he had the breath, wondering if he should put the belt back in his mouth to take the gauntlet off.  Something to dull the pain would have been real nice at this point.
He crossed his arms in front of his chest.  That always looked intimidating when he was in the suit, but Steve seemed distinctly unimpressed.  Given that Tony had just been laughing at Steve, he supposed that was well deserved.  He hid a smile even if Steve couldn't see it.
