"Well now you will never know." He chuckled lightly, wiping a little cum from his own stomach and sweeping it across his lips. "Mm. Now give me those handcuffs and lay down."
Cas was relieved when Dean climbed in and his ridiculously cute voice had him grinning and laughing. "How could I be late to see such a handsome face?" He muttered, leaning in to kiss him.
"Yeah, sure." Cas hadn't realized Dean was changing and immediately averted his eyes to instead focus on the beers. "Did you want to watch TV? I can order you something to eat," Cas suggested. He was hoping it would help Dean to unwind from his shitty night.
“Sure, sounds great.” Dean got dressed, putting the robe back in the closet and laughing softly at Cas. “You had my cock in your mouth earlier today and you’re still looking away when I change. You’re...interesting, Castiel.” He sat back on his bed, grabbing the remote.
Dean nodded slowly. “Guess it serves me right. But fuck...I wanted you to touch me so badly.” He squirmed a little. “Ever since I first met you...all I could think about were how your pretty lips would look wrapped around my cock. Never thought I’d actually get to. Thought you hated me. And I kinda hated you too...until I realized it was really just sexual tension, not hate at all.” He chuckled.
Dean smirked, accepting the beer and patting a spot on the bed beside him. “Come on, I’m just messing with you.” He started flipping mindlessly through channels.
“Okay.” Dean pulled back and slid his sunglasses on again, putting his hood up. He took out his wallet and paid for what Cas had ordered, then offered him his hand. It had been a crazy day, but he was glad it was ending with Cas by his side. And he knew he’d made the right decision.
"You know, Dean, maybe before you cast stones at me for the guys I choose to fuck, take a look at the teenage bimbos you have in your bed." There was a pause in the message as Cas took in a drag from his cigarette. "I rammed his ass so hard, that kid is going to have trouble walking, and I might fuck little dick screamers, but least I don't bang barely legal fangirls just to feel good about myself. And you are welcome for the pie. And you may have been able to get rid of the taste of me from your mouth, but no drunken whore will ever suck you as good as I did." The voicemail cut out.
“Mm.” Dean pulled back and looked at her, incredulous. He couldn’t believe the words that’d just come out of her mouth. Tightly-wound, no-nonsense Jo was begging him to fuck her.
Dean sighed. “You’re such a buzzkill, Castiel. Would you just come sit? There’s nothing to protect me from right now.”
Cas rolled his eyes and shoved Dean gently. "Dumbass." He smiled a little, leaning back on his palms. He then sighed, rolling his head back. What a weird, fucked-up day this had been.
Cas hoisted himself up and gracefully jumped out the window. It wasn't too high up so he wasn't worried about hurting himself. He dusted himself off and jogged to the end of the block. The streets were still rather barren and luckily Rome's overcast weather had people still sleeping in. No reporters, no cameras, that was good. He hurried back and called out, "coast is clear!"
Now that Dean knew there were cameras in the room, they were easy to spot and he couldn’t believe he’d missed them before. But he guessed they couldn’t be found unless someone was actively trying to find them. Satisfied, he asked, “do you really need it in hard cash? That’s gonna be a pain in the ass for me. I could just send it to you electronically or something.”
Castiel searched for something, anything at all, to fill the awkward silence that filled the two afterwards. His eyes caught sight of the social sciences textbook on the table and his mouth apparently worked faster than his mouth.
Moosewinchester: Everyone go here so you can make fun of my brother’s crush on his boss, please
He toed off his lace-up boots as he walked into his own room and pulled off his outer layer of flannel before falling into his bed. The old mattress creaking under his weight. The eldest Winchester did a small wriggle to gain freedom from his sweat-soaked jeans and resigned himself to a night of restless sleep.
“Hey, no arguments here, caffeine is definitely a lifesaver,” he replied with his hands up in the air in a slightly defensive manner, eyebrows raised at the youngest Novak and walked behind the counter to grab the plastic tub containing the basic cleaning supplies for the tables scattered across the café. His eyes moved across the café, taking stock of what needed to be cleaned before his eyes dropped down to the napkin tucked under the edge of the tip jar with his name pecking out from underneath.
“Yes, Gabriel was quite insistent on putting it up each year after I ‘came out’ and enjoys sending any male customers my way during this month. But he was unable to put it up himself this year.”
Anonymous: Only came here because a friend was gushing about two of the workers there. And I can confirm a romance. One of them walked into a bin while watching the other.
“Who does Cas want to kiss?” Interrupted a confused voice and Castiel whipped around to see Dean drying his hands off with a damp rag, all while Gabriel faded out his kissy noises and a mischievous smirk broke out on his face. Castiel jumped to answer before his brother could embarrass him further.
“Ready to blow this popsicle stand?”
a treacherous voice inside his head commented and Dean had to bite back a smile at the thought of the blue-eyed man that was currently standing in front of him with a large box in his arms.
“Unusual weather for June, right?” A voice came from behind him, causing Dean to jump slightly in his spot before turning around to see a shy Castiel standing there with two refusable coffee mugs in his hands.
“Not this again dude. I just wanted one meal in peace without you meddling in my love life.” Dropping his burger in a dramatic motion before heaving his upper body over the booth, mindful of the food below his chest and stared at his brother with a pointed stare.
“Anyway, I should probably stop yapping and let you get back to your actual job.” Dean continued after a beat of self-conscious silence between the two and Cas had to bite back his disappointment at the thought of leaving the green-eyed man’s side.
Dean pulled the small shutters down the front windows as the sounds of Castiel’s emptying the till and locking away the profits of the day and he turned to the raven-haired man with an easy smile.
Castiel directed him towards another box tucked behind the counter and Dean began setting up an array of pride-themed signs and decorations.
“Mind telling me why you asked me to come in 2 hours before opening time. Man’s gotta sleep Cas” teased Dean as he followed Castiel through the door and closing the glass door, leaving the wet weather behind him. He absentmindedly took a sip of the coffee offered to him, a silent reminder of their conversation the week before.
It wasn’t until the queue begin to thin out did a younger woman walked up to the counter, a sly smirk gracing her otherwise beautiful features, and instantly her hand went to play with her hair as she gave her order. Castiel might have thought the action was done absent-mindedly however her lip was caught between her teeth and she batted her eyelashes one too many times to not be considered subtle flirting. Dean must have also caught onto this as he gave a charming smile and winked at the girl after taking her name.
Dean leaned back and with an easy smirk plastered on his face, “How’s Jess then? Still way out of your league?”
“Cassie, I know you think he’s cute, but he is utterly useless”
The purr of the impala bounced off the silent street and Dean quickly killed the engine before he accidentally woke someone up with the sound. His eyes caught sight of the time on his watch and swore, it was later than he had hoped to be home and only hoped that his brother was able to find something to heat up for dinner. His hand reached to his right to grab the book laden bag, barely blinking at the weight of the textbook inside and stepped outside of the vehicle.
I intend for this to have two parts but I can't promise when the second part will be up sorry!! Writing inspiration is very sporadic and while I've got a rough outline of the next chapter, it's kinda hazy. So please comment down below if you want to see anything in particular and hopefully I can try and add it in!
Grabbing the bag, he had left in a heap on the floor earlier that morning, careful to hide the books inside lest Castiel saw them and enquired about the nature of them. Dean made his way out of the door as the raven-haired male locked the door behind him.
Dean tried to calm his racing heart as he processes what had been said while his brain cried at him to respond in any sort of manner to not make the situation awkward.
Soon the crowds slowly began to disappear, with Amber leaving a napkin with what Castiel presumed to be her phone number on the counter, and the trio were able to breath. The mornings were always packed with customers due to their proximity to the local university campus and the growing need for caffeine to function among those cramming for exams. Castiel handed the hot take away cup to the last person waiting in line for their beverage and began to clean up the inevitable mess made in the early morning rush. It was just after 10am and he knew his older brother would be clocking out soon as there was typically a lull in customers during the day. He bent over to pick up a discarded disposable lid but abruptly popped up when a loud thud sounded out across the semi-vacant café.
The two fell into a natural lull of conversation and simply worked in sync around one another, with only the small radio sat behind the counter playing old rock music softly to fill the silence.
“Come on Sammy, let’s be real for one second. What kind of guy like him would want to date a guy like me?” Dean replied with a huff, setting down his burger and staring intently at his brother, “I live in a falling-down house, I listen to the same five albums on repeat not to mention a high school dropout. Not exactly someone to write home about.”
“He isn’t and he wasn’t, so please focus on your business and not the eye-line of one of your employees Gabriel,” huffed Castiel, despite the small bloom of pinks on his cheeks at the thought of Dean fumbling because of him.
“Sammy?” the eldest Winchester brother called out as he stepped through the house, noticing the thick feeling of unmoved heat. Dean moved over the entry of his brother’s room and was greeted with the sight of Sam lying on top of the sheets, with a thin layer of sweat on his skin. He cursed quietly under his breath before stepping out to find the small battery-operated fan he had set up in his own room.
“How is studying for your GED going?” Castiel asked, out of the blue, filled with the need to speak. To fill the quiet which had grown between the two as they worked. To hear the other man, speak.  And then immediately smacking his head against a thick internal wall in his mind, only just then remembering how embarrassed Dean had been regarding the set of exams.
“We hang this up on the window near the door each year and I was hoping you could help me as you are a few inches taller than me.” Castiel’s voice broke Dean’s train of thought and the flannel-clad man looked over to see Cas biting his lip slightly. He realised that his lack of response was causing his friend to become nervous and quickly gave a smile directed towards Castiel.
“I’m not shooting anything towards Dean.”
Castiel looked up from the table he was cleaning to see his brother leaning across the cashier with an imploring look on his face.
K1ingofhell: Coffee is decent, but you know what’s not decent? How good looking one of the workers there is. Too bad he seems to only have eyes for one of the owners.
“Like I said, useless,” Gabriel stated to his younger brother with a small smirk as he watched Dean’s retreating figure go into the other room, lugging the black bag of rubbish with him. “But he was totally staring at your arse, you know, that right?”
After numerous dropped drinks and badly made coffees on Dean’s part, it was decided by Gabriel that Dean would only be on cashier and clean up duty before he ‘accidentally killed someone with his undrinkable coffees’ as the oldest Novak commented.
Dean looked up his brother, who was just giving him bitch face #34, before glancing back down at the screen in front of him.
“No, but I bet you would like to,” Gabriel replied with a small quirk of his eyebrow up and a wry grin on his face before stepping away to return back to the collection of orders waiting to be made. Castiel simply threw a dirty rag at his retreating figure and rolled his eyes to the sound of his brothers’ laughter.
“How can you care so little about yourself?” Asked the younger brother, shoulders sagging.
“You know you could just be a normal person and ask him outright?” Suggested the slightly bemused voice from across Dean and the green-eyed man looked up from his burger to the younger man opposite.
It wasn’t a lot, but the small café had become his second home in the span of a couple of months.
Dean watched Cas walk away, a slight twitch of a smile on his face before walking away to his own car. Only the wind to keep him company in the absence of his friend.
“Would I- uh, could I pick up another shift this week?” Dean stated quickly, looking up briefly at Castiel before dropping his gaze back down to his notebook, playing with the pen in his left hand. “I know I’m not the greatest with the coffee machine, but I was hoping I could take some of the late-night shifts,” he further said as if that explained his initial request.
The sound of the door being pushed open rapidly and the gasps of someone out of breath drew Castiel to look up from his order and see Dean quickly making his way towards the counter.
Castiel moved to the set of switches behind the counter, flicking each one and the café was flooded with light. And Dean was once again flooded with how homey the space was, despite its smaller size. The walls were painted in a pale, cheery yellow colour and hand-written chalkboards lined the back wall with pricings of each beverage served. There was a refurbished bookcase next to the counter which held small jars of honey to be sold, originating from a local bee farm which Castiel insisted they support in their endeavours of conservation. The sides of the café were lined with wooden tables and a collection of mismatching chairs which the Novak brothers had brought in an auction a few years back and never had the heart to replace. Another refurbished bookcase sat in the corner, surrounded by old leather couches and held a small collection of second-hand books that people could read or swap with a book of their own.
“Anything else that needs to be done?” He gruffed out, avoiding the eye line of Castiel, lest he sees the flush on his cheeks or the raw emotions set in his eyes.
“But, Dean… we don’t sell popsicles nor do we work at a stand-” came Castiel’s confused response, his head tilted slightly to the left and a small squint in his eyes as he pondered on the relevance of the phrase.
“I’m not avoiding the topic because there is no topic to talk about. Cas is Cas.”
“It’s work-related bitch.”
Moving slowly around the house, careful not to wake the youngest Winchester, Dean searched the kitchen drawers for spare batteries and quietly assembled the fan in the entrance of his brother’s room. Flicking the switch, the fan began to gradually rotate and move the hot air around the room, giving small relief to Sam while he slept.
“I’ll be sure to call you later… Amber” Dean flirted with the woman as she made her way to the stools near the waiting area for her take away, crossing her legs and winking suggestively towards the dirty haired blond. Dean’s attention was directed towards the next customer but Castiel kept an eye on any subtle interactions between the two as he prepared the next order. The youngest Novak wasn’t oblivious to the attraction of females towards Dean, or sometimes the odd male flirt, however it didn’t mean each aimed wink Dean gave to another customer didn’t hurt any less.
“Ah, right of course… I’ll just, leave you to it?” the raven-haired man scurried away before Dean could say anything else and retreated to the safety of behind the café counter, finding some fake job to occupy himself with.
“Oh, don’t give me that little brother, I saw you checking out his arse this morning but was it before or after he dropped a tray of drinks in the kitchen? I can’t quite remember,” Gabriel pretended to ponder for a second before a teasing expression crossed his face. “Can’t you ask him out like a normal person, and we can all move on before my café is accidentally burnt down?”
“Well you’ll never know if you keep your head up your a-“
A small sound of cups cluttering to the ground brought Castiel’s attention from the hot chocolate he was finishing to Dean racing to pick up all the cups and restack them quickly. However, in his rush, a couple of cups escaped his grasp and made their way back down to the ground. The raven-haired Novak sighed but gave a small smile when he noticed that Dean had looked up with a panicked look on his face. Castiel simply picked up the lone cup which had rolled to his feet before handing it back to Dean with a smile before turning around to hand the hot beverage to its owner.
Dean, seemingly unaware of his plight, responded easily, “It’s going as well as can be expected for someone who dropped out of school five years ago,” giving himself a self-deprecating laugh at the end before continuing, “I’ve lost some of my notes at the library somewhere and I’m finding memorising everything kinda hard. Back at high school I just kinda just winged everything but I don’t want to let Sam down. He was so excited when I said I was studying for my GED.”
Castiel considered himself lucky that he was facing away from his brother as this exact moment as blood rushes to his face, giving him a pink glow on his cheeks. Silently willing the blush to die down, he turned towards his brother with a mock glare.
Their stares conveyed everything and nothing at all. Unspoken confessions and feelings.
“I’ll be waiting here for you tomorrow morning like always Dean. Enjoy your evening.” He stated before swiftly moving away from the man that held his heart and leaving him to stand alone at the closed door of the café.
Would you be amenable to meeting me earlier at work before your shift on Tuesday?
Dean swallowed heavily at the thought before determinedly looking down at his textbook beneath his nose. Deliberately avoiding a certain someone’s eyes.
“So uh, are you-? Dean trailed off nervously, his hand reached up to rub the back of his neck, his mind screaming out him to be more coherent but all that came out were flustered words. Castiel raised an eyebrow at the action and gave a slight smile.
“How does someone as smooth as you Winchester, picking up chicks left, right and centre fall over a rubbish bin?” The eldest Novak joked from behind the counter as he collected the tips from the morning and locking them away in the small safe kept for the loose change dropped into the small jar. At the end of the week, they would divvy up the money and leftovers would go towards new fixtures for the interior of the café.
This is my first spn fanfic so ahhh, I hope it's okay and no one's too OC! I'm refusing to acknowledge what happened in the last couple episodes of season 15, in my mind the show ended as soon as Cas said 'I love you' and they went on to have a long, happy life. I could write essays on everything that was wrong with the finale tbh BUT ANYWAY, here is part 1 of The Garrison!!!
Dean looked back to the line forming at the cashier where Gabriel was trying to fend off the mass of tired early morning college students and quickly made his way to the small room closed off to staff to grab his apron and dump his bag in a corner out of the way. While he would usually place his bag out of tripping range in the small cubby system for each employee, he was already 40 minutes late to his shift and didn’t want to push his luck any further. Tying the cords of his apron around his waist, he joined Gabriel, who gave him a disgruntled glare for being late, at the cashier and took over taking orders.
“Hey Dean-o, you didn’t want to share that little gem with the rest of us? If you are not going to call her, least give the rest of us a chance.” Gabriel teased once he saw what Dean had done
"You can kiss me in the car." He smiled a little, setting out first and waving quickly.
"I promise i will be here when you wake up." He cuddled Dean close. He tucked them both under the blankets, going back to the gentle pets along his spine.
“Misplaced me? Crowley, I’m not some kid that ran off or something. I’m fine. No harm done.” Dean wanted so badly to reach over and take Cas’ hand, but he kept them in his lap, fidgeting.
"I don't know which is worse," he breathed out, making his way into the lobby and wincing in annoyance.
"Good." Porn was something that Cas always felt embarrassed about, even more so with Dean seated next to him. "A movie is fine." Cas nodded, a relaxed smile returning to his face.
"I think if you knew the answer to that, you would ever let me leave your sight. You would think about it all the time.” He slid one hand down his stomach and grasped his cock, letting out a soft gasp as he began to stroke himself, slow and rhythmed, taking his time.
Cas had only started this with the intention of an aggressive kiss, but it soon turned into much, much more. He couldn't help himself. Not with Dean moaning under him. He dropped his hips, grinding down onto him with an eager groan, the friction making his jeans tighten. He lifted his hands to push through Dean's hair and pulled, the kiss moving from Dean's lips to down his sweaty neck, leaving open mouthed-kisses and sucking on the skin at the base of his neck. He bit down, leaving a rather obvious hickey.
Cas knew it was wrong, but he didn't care, too caught up in the moment to think about any repercussions. He ground his hips harder, his hand slipping down to touch himself; he knew it wouldn't take much for him to come. So much lust, and anger. All he needed was Dean to moan for him and he would be finished. He moved from Dean's lips to kissing his neck, leaving a long, slow lick along the skin and biting down to suck a mark of his own.
"Well who did you think it was, honey?" Brad smirked.
'I already have your murder planned." His humor was dry and most people found it more cringe worthy  than humorous but Cas didn't mind. “I am here to serve you, Dean, so if you would like to go shopping today, I will accompany you.”
She let out a pleased sigh, gripping at his shoulders and all but holding him hostage there for a moment. "That was amazing, Dean," she breathed out, reluctantly letting him go.
“But you don’t really know me, Cas,” Dean started once he’d gathered himself enough to speak.
“Yeah, go fuck yourself.” Dean huffed and left the room, sunglasses back on. He went to the elevators and rode it up to the top floor. What had started as the perfect night had spiraled downward so quickly, and he was in no way in the mood to put on a concert, but he’d never let down his fans. Once he got to his room, he undressed, hanging up his suit to be taken for dry-cleaning, then hopping into the shower. He wondered if Cas was going to show up at the concert, and while he wanted nothing more than to run to his side, he also knew it would be best to give him his space.
He blinked a few times before he narrowed his eyes. "Wait, what? Why?" He furrowed his brows in confusion.
“Cas...fuck. This isn’t good. How the hell are we gonna get out of here without people noticing us on the street?”
Dean kicked off his sweatpants and walked back over, straddling her hips. He had her watch him take the condom out of the wrapper and roll it onto himself. He lowered himself down, to rest between her hips, holding her legs open and guiding himself into her with a groan.
“Buona Serata, Rome! How we feeling tonight?” He kicked off his first song as the audience cheered and he prayed that just this one time, no one would jump onstage.
Dean pulled back slowly, brushing his nose gently against Cas’ as the car pulled up outside the hotel.
"Should we go take a shower? Even if you do smell like chocolate which is delicious," Cas murmured softly, hugging him tightly for a short moment before relaxing and letting him go.
It didn't take long for Cas to come completely undone, each moan louder as he squirmed under Dean, his hard cock straining against his stomach, begging to be touched. If Dean kept this up he would come, completely untouched.
Cas averted his eyes as Dean climbed out of the tub, trying to hide his obvious fear. He was half-hoping that Dean was too drunk to remember, but of course his luck wasn't that good. "No. Did you order breakfast?"  Usually at a hotel, someone had to do that.
Even after Dean fell asleep, Cas couldn't bring himself to. He was tired of thinking, and overthinking. His fingers tightened on Dean’s back for a moment, letting his mind fall empty. That was when when words started to trickle in, a tune he couldn't quite place yet beginning to play to a beat in his mind. He wanted to write it down so he wouldn't forget, but with his journal destroyed, he sat up a little and fumbled for a pencil and notepad from the drawer. Squinting through the dark, he was able to harmonize a bridge of lyrics.
“Yes.” Dean nodded. “I’ll put it this way. That guy wrote his number on your hand, right? Meaning he left you hot and bothered. So you’ve got two options. One is to go out and find someone to satisfy you. Two is to go back to your room and take care of yourself. The first option could get you in a shitload of trouble and the second option is kinda depressing. So here’s option three. I’m drunk but not too drunk not to know what I’m doing. You’re desperate. Let me help you out.”
'Hng-'' Cas breathed out just a touch.
Cas chewed on his bottom lip, grunting a little as he slowed his hand just a touch so he didn't come right then and there. "Tell me," he breathed out, deciding to risk it.
“Alright. Then we’ll stop.” Dean shrugged it off, trying to keep his response casual and indifferent, but it...hurt a little. He wasn’t used to being rejected. And he certainly wasn’t used to needing to try hard to get what he wanted, so he’d stop trying. Was that a hint of jealousy he detected in Cas’ voice? He wasn’t sure.
Cas enjoyed this position, it felt warm and intimate. His fingers traced Dean's warm chest slowly. He hadn't told Dean, but he was planning on heading back to the US. It was a lot; this whole thing was like a torpedo and the last thing he wanted was for Dean’s reputation to be ruined. "Dunno," he lied.
“Oh fuck, Cas...” Dean gasped, arching his hips forward automatically. He honestly didn’t expect Cas to know what he was doing so well. But it felt incredible.
Dean should be happy, right? But he felt shitty. Sighing, he put his sweats back on and called Cas, hoping he’d pick up.
“Okay.” Dean laced their fingers together and walked into the bathroom, switching on the light. He scrunched up his nose as he looked around and hesitantly walked over to turn on the faucet.
---all these thoughts crowded Cas’ mind for a moment, blood rushing to his ears and he tried not to show his nervousness as he stripped Dean out of his sweatpants. It shouldn't matter. Cas always was just there to get himself off. So why did he care what Dean thought?
He headed down to his room to shower, scrub himself down and try to get some shut-eye.
Cas straddled Dean's lap and pushed him back into the bed, his body alight with passion and an intense lust he just couldn't contain. He clawed at the sheets, a deep grunt ripping from his throat.
Dean nodded. “So you’re stuck with me 24/6 then. I can work with that.” He laughed a little, ultimately giving up and returning to the mini bar. His restraint sure lasted.
“God, me neither.” Dean shook his head. “Here.” He took off his sunglasses and handed them to Cas, going over to the elevators and pressing the button. His hand still firmly gripped with Cas’, he leaned back against the wall once the elevator arrived.
"Alright, uh...thanks." Cas replied, feeling another flush of embarrassment wash over him. Did Dean really think of Cas as too pathetic to get laid on his own? He was glad to be distracted when someone knocked on the door. Cas rose to his feet and hurried out, grabbing the cart from the man who delivered it with a “thank you.”
Dean let out a long sigh in exasperation. This was torture for him. But he wasn’t going to just outright ask him. He could do that with anybody else, but with Cas...with...something that resembled more than just a desire for sex, he couldn’t. “Yeah, just call me Dean. I’ll start...calling you Cas from now on. I’m sorry.” That was the first apology he’d given in as long as he could remember. What was this man doing to him?
“I don’t care,” Dean grunted out, soft, desperate cries pouring from his lips as Cas made him melt beneath him. “Fuck, fuck!” His hands slid up from his hips to glide along his abdomen and chest, feeling his heated, muscular body beneath his fingers.
Dean smiled, resting with his hand behind his head. He sat up when there was a knock at the door for room service. “Oh, shit. I really hope they didn’t send up Kandii...” he muttered.
“You’ve known me for a little over a week. And you know the things I’ve shared with you. You’re perceptive, so you pick a lot up, but there are things about me you can’t possibly know because I’m still learning them about myself. I do like having sex with you, but it’s beyond that. I feel safe when I’m around you, and not just because you’re my security guard. It’s a kind of safety I don’t feel with any of the other guards. And I know I’ve fucked up, but that’s because I’m not used to this. I’ve never felt this way before and I don’t know how to handle it and I’m kinda terrified, honestly. And you’re right. I don’t know you beyond the fact that you’re just as damaged as I am, if not, more, and in the past, you gave your heart away to people who don’t deserve it, so now you shut everyone out because you’ve decided feeling nothing is better than feeling pain. But I know that you feel, that you draw and you write and you’re goddamned talented at it. And I’m sorry for snooping...I know I shouldn’t have looked through your journal, but I couldn’t help myself. I’m used to all the private things I write being broadcasted to millions of people so I didn’t think about how private it was. But remember that song I performed at my last concert after you calmed me down? I wrote it about you. Because that’s how you make me feel, Cas.”
Cas searched Dean’s eyes for some sort of mockery or lie, but he was genuine. And Cas wasn't sure if he was terrified or excited, and he was in a hungover daze and his headache was clawing at him. This was all so much to process, but all he knew that he wanted was Dean’s comfort. He seeked his arms, his affection.
“Yes...I am...” Dean leaned his head back against the bed, taking another deep breath. His cock gave an involuntary twitch when Cas touched him and he let out a soft gasp. “Cas...please. I’m gonna come before you do anything.”
Dean should’ve known that strategy wouldn’t work. He didn’t want to fuck some other hotel employee. But it was clear Cas was done with him, and he didn’t want to push too far and have him quit, so he’d do it. “No...” he sighed, defeated.
Cas smiled a little, not even bothering to roll his eyes at Dean’s stupid joke as he kept rubbing his back. It was so easy for him, he could just be like, ‘Cas is my new fucktoy.’ But how awful would this look? The hateful stares, the judgement. Getting a job after this would be near impossible if word spread that Cas was a gold-digging unprofessional.
Dean nearly dropped the phone again in surprise. He’d clearly pissed him off with how venomous his words were, but how the hell did Cas know already? He quickly looked around the room, paranoid, then checked his call history. His heart dropped to his stomach. He’d accidentally called Cas...and he’d heard. And now he probably looked like the biggest dick on the planet, even more so than he already was. He groaned and called Cas again.
Dean went back over to the couch after a minute or so, laying down. It was pretty relaxing in there. He understood why the Ferris wheel was so popular.
When he was sure Dean was prepped, he pulled his fingers out and coated them generously in lube, wrapping his hand around his hard cock. He lathered himself up, wiping his lubed hand on the sheets before climbing up behind Dean. He pushed his knees apart, pressing his tip at Deans entrance and pushed in slowly, letting out a deep, guttural moan. "Fuck, you are so tight. And warm. Fuck-" Cas growled, his voice dropping an octave lower. He leaned over Dean, one hand on his hip and the other gripping the headboard as he started off his slow, deep pulses inside him.
Dean smiled, holding the small of Cas’ back and pressing him close to his chest. Adrenaline was the only thing keeping him going at that point. Exhausted was an understatement. He stepped off the elevator once it reached the top floor and led Cas down the hallway to his room. He kept the lights off as he walked inside, removing his shoes and his hoodie and tossing them to wherever they landed in the darkness.
"Mm..." Cas murmured, his fingers tracing along the railing. This place was so new to him and despite the dreary, overcast weather, it was beautiful.
“Mm, okay.” Dean pulled back, curling his head back into the crook of his neck. “Did you wanna stay here tonight or go back to your room? I’m uh...I’m fine either way. Up to you.”
Cas was careful to keep most of the girls at a safe distance, but it just seemed to keep coming. "I’m sorry, ladies. Mr. Winchester is late for rehearsal." He lied, trying to shoo them off. There were a few disappointed groans and a few girls ignored Cas' statement, still trying to take photos.
“‘Course you watched it, you sick fuck!” Dean called out after him. He groaned. He sort of did want to watch the tape, but not now. It was too soon and he knew it’d only hurt. He deadbolted the door and changed out of his clothes, changing into a faded t-shirt and a pair of sweatpants .
“Fuck. I’m telling you, Cas. You could be a model.”
“Hey, baby. I brought you a few things.” Cas looked like he’d just gone through a messy break-up and the sight of him was heart-wrenching to Dean. He kicked his shoes off and climbed into bed with him, pulling him into his arms and hugging him tightly.
Dean hung up and pulled off his t-shirt, deciding to go for just the sweatpants. They were a little loose on him, so they hung low on his hips. He got up and unlatched the door, pulling it open for her. “Hey, thanks. I know it’s kinda late, but I can’t sleep. I’ve had a rough day...”
Cas really didn't have the disposable income to fly home, so his choices were limited. He would have to keep working. He would just need to keep his distance, and stop letting Dean suck him in and continue hurting him. He needed to get over him.
“Exactly.” Dean gave his hand another light squeeze, then instinctively leaned up to kiss him softly. “Mm. I’m gonna be walking funny tomorrow, I’ll tell you that. And the flight probably won’t help.”
“Mmmf...yours,” Dean confirmed, jutting his hips out and silently pleading for Cas to move faster. He hoped he’d have mercy, but Dean had requested torturously slow. He regretted that now.
Dean rocked to the side when he pushed him, laughing. “So I think we’ve learned a lesson here, huh? Raise our standards.” He grinned a little bit.
"Fine,” He muttered, turning to glance out the large glass window. He caught his own reflection in the mirror and shifted a little, trying to flatten out his wind blown hair. He averted his eyes and instead focused on the view.
That wasn’t the response he was expecting. “Umm...I don’t know why, Cas. I don’t think there’s ever an explanation for these things. I just, do. And I thought you deserved to know because I don’t want you to think I’ve just been using you.”
"Dean, please." Cas sighed, trying to get him to stop talking before he potentially made things worse. He was broken up, his heart on the floor and sadness pouring out of every pore of him. He needed to find somewhere to stay, and he needed a minute to cry. But it wasn't going to be in the conference room.
"Fuck! Fuck-" Well, turned out Dean was right, because it was suddenly like Cas had no control over his body and he stroked faster and faster, Dean’s words ringing in his ears until he came, hard.
Cas gritted his teeth, "I just prefer Cas. But if you want to call me Castiel, that is your prerogative to do so."
Cas hesitantly sat beside him, taking a mouthful of beer and leaning back on his palm. He tried to ignore Dean, his eyes focused on the TV as he flicked through the channels mindlessly, his  thumb circling the top of his beer bottle.
"I- shut up!" Cas huffed, passing Dean one of the beers. His cheeks were dusted pink and he was hoping that it was just alcohol flush.
Cas grumbled, feeling like a kid as he swatted Dean's hand away with a huff. He followed Dean into the store, his eyes grazing the racks curiously.
, he had challenged Dean and he hadn't even won. "Not my fault." He sulked a little at getting beaten.
Dean let out another sigh. Here it was. “Can you get Cas his job back, please?”
"Oh no." His panicked eyes fell back to Dean. "Crowley is here." He was the head boss. Above Jo. Someone Cas had only met once and prayed he would never have to meet again.
She had been dreaming about this for years and now that she had him pinned down to a bed, she was not letting up. She wanted him to fuck her; hard and fast. Anything sure beat her vibrator.
“Okay, Cas. So we’ll stop this...arrangement. But I need you to know something because I don’t think you understood what I was saying earlier on the plane. When I was trying to tell you about how having feelings for someone who works for you is messy, I wasn’t really talking about Lisa. I couldn’t bring myself to tell you at the time, but I know that I have to now. If I’m gonna lose you, you need to know the truth. So...I like you, Cas.”
Cas was beaming, elated. He was so glad that he could experience this with Dean; it felt like he had given himself entirely over to Cas, which made him flattered and flustered as he snuggled down next to Dean.
Dean chuckled. “Alright, so we both had bad nights. That means I can laugh at you too, huh? Since I’m also an asshole.” He smirked. “Ohh, you know people, huh? Look at you, Mr. connections. Maybe I’ll need your help getting into parties,” he teased. “It’s not like I’m a celebrity or anything.”
Dean laughed. “Sure. I’d love a beer. Drink to forget, right? Just uh...I’m still kinda only wearing a robe, so while you do that, I’ll get dressed.” Things felt a lot easier now with Cas. He wasn’t sure what had happened, but he was starting to talk to him like an old friend. He got up and went over to his suitcase, pulling out a pair of designer sweatpants and a t-shirt.
Dean stepped up onto the toilet lid very carefully, his legs wobbling slightly as he climbed up onto the window, sitting on the edge and not so gracefully sliding down once he’d gotten the okay. He winced, looking behind himself to make sure he hadn’t ruined his suit at all. “Shit. I feel like Spider-Man.”
“But I have the day off tomorrow. As long as I catch my flight on time...so maybe we could go sight-seeing together if you’d be up for it?”
Dean took a deep breath. He did feel bad about this. He knew he was taking advantage of the fact that she was into him, but this whole situation was messed up. And he didn’t feel bad that she’d ruined his first chance at happiness and possibly Cas’ career. She deserved this. And he wasn’t going to let anyone but her see the tape anyway. It was just to scare her.
“Hello Dean, so glad you decided to open that door.” The voice that penetrated through Dean’s sleep hazed mind was not the voice of his angel, but a voice that he had long thought dead. Dean tried to close the door but the person on the other side was more powerful than him.
Dean’s face flooded with heat at the thought of sharing his head with Cas. There were things that he never wanted Cas to know, things from his past and emotions that he wanted to keep to himself for now.
Sam looked cautiously over to Lucifer, whose face held a wide grin. “Hiya Sammy. I want in on your little plan to kill my father. You see, I still have a score to settle with my dear dad. Jack might be what you need to kill him but how do you plan on getting to him? It’s not like he’s just going to come running if you call.”
He felt Cas grab the bottom of his shirt and allowed him to pull it over his head. Dean returned the favor, marveling at Cas’ toned body once his shirt was gone. Hands moving of their own will now, he reached for the front of Cas’ pants. Cas made an ungodly noise when Dean’s hand brushed over his covered erection. He made quick work of Cas’ pants and encouraged the man to step out of where the jeans pooled on the floor. Dean hooked his fingers around the plaid boxers that were the last thing standing between him and Cas being fully naked.
“Good morning bakers! It’s pastry week, and we are excited for this week’s three challenges. Up first, as always, is the signature bake. This week, Paul and Mary would like each of you to make your very best danishes. They are expecting 24 perfectly baked danishes, 12 of one flavor and 12 of another.” Mel started off the day.
Dean just stared at him, the words that Cas just said refusing to register. The angel had become someone Dean didn’t always recognize and this was one of those moments. Cas didn’t kill without reason and the amount of blood on the trenchcoat told a story of death.
“I heard your prayer, and it was time to come home. Heaven is rebuilt and Jack has freed me from any obligations to Heaven.” Words came out so matter of fact, so emotionless that Dean wasn’t sure that it was really Cas standing in front of him.
Dean watched as Cas walked away, his stomach turning at the thought of Cas harming someone intentionally who didn’t deserve it. There was nothing he could do to change Cas’ actions but Dean just hoped he wouldn’t have to see blood covering Cas’ trench coat again anytime soon.
“Bake!” said Sue.
“Let me guess: Jack and Coke?”
“No matter how bad I want to, I just can’t stop it. But Cas, I forgive you. Of course I forgive you. I’m sorry it took so long. I’m sorry it took until now for me to say it. I hope you can hear me, because Cas 1…” The prayer ended abruptly, Dean not being able to vocalize the ending of his prayer.
“You have been weighed.”
Dean found his hands starting to shake. He turned the stove off rather than risk anything burning from being distracted by the conversation Cas was trying to have with him. He turned to face Cas, leaning against the counter with his arms crossed.
Agent Novak was suddenly in front of him. “Gonna pat down your legs now but go on.”
A sob heaved through Dean’s chest as he stood inches in front of Cas. His hands were balled in fists at his sides. Cas remained still as Dean’s green eyes met his. Nothing could have prepared Cas for Dean surging forward, hands grasping his trenchcoat and lips colliding into Cas’.
“Cas. Wait. He’s here to help.” Cas paused at the sound of Dean’s voice, eyes softening as he met Dean’s gaze. He tilted his head, hearing something unspoken, almost like a prayer coming from Dean.
“You’ll also need to remove your belt”.”
Leaving the cleaned kitchen behind, Dean made his way back to his room. He closed and locked the door before stripping. He placed the panties back in their box, hiding them away once again. Maybe he would have the courage to wear them again soon.
“We did it. Chuck isn’t writing our story anymore. We get to write our own, finally free. Just us, and our family that don’t end in blood.” Dean smiled, words coming easily. He looked over to Sam, “You better call Eileen.”
“You can’t beat me. I’m God.”
A bright beam of light shot in the air when Sam finished speaking. It quickly faded and the four men looked at each other, waiting.
Dean hated flying. He always had and in recent years, TSA had made it even worse. They insisted on people basically stripping to get through security and he couldn’t stand it. So when he had to fly out for Sam’s graduation from Stanford, he vowed to make someone’s day a living hell.
He stepped back, Cas pushing the chair back and turned to face Dean. He reached out and took Dean’s hand. Together, they headed towards Dean’s room with all the time in the world.
“Yes!”
“You did so good baby.”
The door opened and the same male agent entered. “The temperature in here okay with you? Or is it too chilly?”
Dean swallowed hard, the only reason he had said those three words early was because he was angry enough to have no inhibitions. He meant them, but they didn’t come out again.
“No, in this ending you grow old. You die, forgotten.” Dean said, walking to where Cas had begun to come around. “I’m not the killer you wanted me to be, not anymore.” He helped Cas to his feet, supporting his weight.
“Thank you.” Dean sighed with relief. It wasn’t terrible but it could have gone better.
The man’s hands moved down his other arm before grabbing him and gently pulling him out of the chair. Blood flowed south as Dean was manhandled. All thoughts left his head as Agent Novak’s hands traveled down his back.
“Come on Cas. You can’t talk like that.”
He parked the Impala in the garage and both of them grabbed bags of groceries to take to the kitchen. “Thanks Dean, I had a good time.”
“We aren’t going to make it back to the bunker tonight. Let’s find a place to stop,” Dean said, eyes fixed on Cas.
“Hey now. You’re family and you won’t break her. There isn’t a reason I shouldn’t trust either of you with her. Cas, on the other hand-”
“If you want the view to get better, just say the words. We have several hours to waste.” Castiel stood, turning to face Dean.
The pain that Cas could feel through Dean’s prayer was palpable. It ripped through his heart, and lingered. The heartache wasn’t the beginning, or the end. His whole body ached as Dean’s emotions continued to pour out through his prayer.
“I’m sorry.”
In the weeks following the final battle with Chuck, the bunker filled with laughter and happiness. Eileen was the first to join the boys, coming out of hiding and reuniting with Sam. They were rarely in different rooms, their relationship open for everyone to see. Jody, Donna, and the girls came next. They all took turns going out on hunts, maintaining the peace between monsters and humanity as best they could. At least with the big bad defeated, they never had to spend long on hunts.
A short elevator ride later, Castiel opened the door to the room he had been assigned for filming weekends. Dean’s room was in a different part of the convention center. He looked around and found the room was almost exactly identical to his with the exception of the color scheme. The door closed firmly behind them and Dean watched as Castiel bent over to remove his shoes. Dean found himself humming with approval when he saw how the other man’s jeans cupped his ass.
Cas’ voice was quiet in his mind but clear as day. “Show me how you make yourself feel good, Dean.”
Jack slowly approached Lucifer, anticipating him to try and fight back. Lucifer remained in his chair, hands in his lap, making no moves to counter Jack’s progression towards him. Jack placed his hands on either side of Lucifer’s head. Cas could sense the power filling the room, could feel Jack beginning to take Lucifer’s power, his grace. Dean and Sam watched as Lucifer started to fade, grace pouring into Jack. A few moments passed before Lucifer slumped over.
“I couldn’t answer your prayers before Dean but I heard every one of them. I won’t leave you again. I love you.” The last sentence was whispered in Dean’s ear but he knew that Cas would say it to the whole world if he asked.
“You believe, Dean, and for that I’m happy — but I don’t have that faith anymore. I lost it a long time ago. I lost my faith in my Father when he abandoned Heaven eons ago. But there is one thing I will never lose faith in, Dean. You. When I raised you from Hell all those years ago and heard the message “Dean Winchester is saved”, I knew my life would be forever changed. Knowing you, Dean, has changed me.”
Dean and Cas tackle the clown vampires and begin to discover more about their relationship
“I know Sam. It’s time.”
“Cas… What the hell man? You don’t get to say the things you said and then disappear for MONTHS. I’ve been praying to you every night. Why did you come tonight?” Dean’s words came out in a rush, emotions rising with each word. “You left me!”
“We will make it through tomorrow and we will win.” Dean said, hands still on Cas’ face. He leaned in, forehead pressing against Cas’. “You know why? Because I believe in us.”
“You are doing so good Dean. So perfect for me. So beautiful.”
They joined back up with Sam and Jack, the four of them standing around Chuck.
Benny was the only thing that was actually keeping Dean alive. No matter how much he prayed to Castiel, Cas never came for him. He lost almost all hope but continued to pray every night, falling to his knees and hoping that the stars and Cas were listening. Days bled into weeks and then into months. Dean’s faith wavered but his prayers never stopped.
The next morning, the four of them sat around the map table. No one was eating, although the coffee cups were full.
Several hours, and several beers later, Dean decided it was time to leave the party behind. He slid past dozens of hunters and made his way to the quieter part of the bunker that housed the rooms he and Sam lived in. There were other rooms that hunters who needed a place to crash could use as well. Dean suspected that there wouldn’t be any empty rooms in the bunker tonight.
"Dean, I thought we went over this. He can't be your personal security guard. He risks your wellbeing. If that video leaked, it would have destroyed you. I'm not taking that chance."
Cas was picking at some breakfast food, lost in a daze when he heard Dean's voice. It took him a second to realize, registering what was said to him. "Lost my job, my career and apparently my self respect and worth so..." he muttered, rolling the mug over his palm. "Got really fucking wasted and did some shit im not proud of."
Jo picked up only on the second ring, eager as always. “Hey! Hey Dean. Do you need anything? I can come back to your room?”
This chapter is a bit shorter than usual, but the next one will be back to normal length! Thank you everyone for your kudos, comments, and continued support of this fic. Each one means a lot and keeps us going.
“So...I’ve got the day off, then we’re on a plane to Paris tonight for tomorrow’s concert. What would you think about going shopping today? Jo doesn’t let me go anywhere without security, so you’re kinda stuck with me. Hate to break it to ya.”
Cas took a brief look at Dean. Did he honestly not care? Even a little bit? Maybe all Cas was was another person sucking Dean’s cock. He followed a few steps behind, rigid and face expressionless. He was to blend in. Not stand out.
"If that's what you want," Cas said flatly, his once playful mood darkening. He stood up, dusting off his shirt. Of course, he forgot he was on the job for a minute and for a slight second, he thought it might be him. How foolish. "Do you have a type?"
"Fine. Asshole." She spotted the camera and grabbed it, smashing it against the floor, then throwing part of the remnants at him. She turned on her heel, making sure to slam the door as loudly as possible on her way out.
“I’m not sure. I also don’t know what I’m going to do for three hours.”
“Thank you Dean…” and with that Cas returned to his whole body. He leaned over the bed and pressed a kiss to Dean’s lips.
Dean looked around and saw everyone was confused as he was. Shrugging, Dean placed his pie in his fridge. He closed the fridge and made his way towards the entrance to the tent.
“Not yet. There’s nothing in the lore about how to kill God. There’s plenty about how to kill regular old gods, not like we haven’t done that one before. But Chuck? The creator of this world and hundreds like it? The sheer power we need, and don’t have, is going to make it nearly impossible, Dean.”
“My dad. He drank too much when we were kids.”
“Cas... I’m not going to last much longer. Please”
He looked around to see three nodding heads. They had all known the plan for weeks, and had been prepping for this day. Final preparations had been made, all the supplies they needed packed in the Impala.
The sound of the other bakers pounding butter soon filled the tent. Everyone was rushing to get their butter back into the fridge. The longer the butter stayed out in the Kansas summer heat , the harder it was going to be to keep the butter inside their pastries. Dean quickly got his butter into the freezer and started to prep his fillings. He had about 10 minutes more of his dough proving before he could start folding the butter in. With the butter in the freezer, Dean started on  his fillings.
Dean stood at his station, waiting for Mary Berry and Paul to arrive for the day of filming. He had made it through the first two weeks of the Bake Off Tours America as a middle of the pack man, but this week was pastry and he had a feeling that this week was going to be his week to shine. He glanced over to the station across the way and saw Castiel standing patiently. Somehow, the two of them were constantly next to each other and Dean wasn’t sure if it was an accident or not at this point. Three weeks in a row was too many to be a coincidence, if Dean even truly believed in coincidences.
Cas had an inkling on what the end of that prayer was supposed to be. He hoped, had prayers of his own that would never be spoken. Cas moved away, leaving Dean on his knees, staring up at the stars.
“No, but we know that we can’t trust you. Jack’s been building power these past weeks, absorbing celestial power. You, an archangel, have quite a bit of it.” Dean laughed, watching as Lucifer’s face changed from passive to shocked.
Dean didn’t need to be told twice. He surged forward, capturing the other man’s lips in a searing kiss. One hand reached around to grasp at Cas’ ass while the other landed on his hip. He felt warm hands slide under his flour coated shirt. Cas thumbed over his nipples and Dean moaned.
“It’s done. He’s human, no grace and no power left.” Jack sighed, suddenly exhausted despite the power he had just consumed. “We will need to act quickly. Time is of the essence, even more so now than before.”
Dean’s hands wandered around Cas’ body, lips seeking entry to Cas’ mouth. Cas gasped when Dean’s hands slid under his shirt and Dean took advantage of his gasp. His tongue slid against Cas’ teeth. A shudder passed through Cas’ body and he pulled back.
“Dean… Dean!” His eyes wide with terror when he turned around to see Dean impaled on a piece of rebar. “No, you can’t die! Not now, not after everything you’ve survived.” Tears formed in Cas’ eyes.
The drained colors of Purgatory were all Dean knew anymore. He couldn’t remember what actual grass or trees looked like. The inky darkness of the sky with its dimmed stars stared back at him as he looked up from his knees. The blade that Benny had helped him make lay in the grass in front of him. It was soaked in blood, the blood of hundreds of monsters that had been following him in the months he had been in Purgatory. Time stood still as Dean’s eyes closed, although the stars continued to look down at him.
“I was not expecting this, Dean.” Cas’ voice was impossibly deep, which sent more of Dean’s blood rushing south. “Did you buy this for yourself or for me?”
Jack smiled faintly, and took the keys from Dean’s outstretched hand. He got in the driver’s seat while Dean slid into the passenger side. Seat belts clicked into place and Dean looked over to see Jack’s hands gripped tight on the steering wheel. “Just breath, it’ll come easy to you.”
Jack looked at him, eyes filled with emotions that Cas couldn’t place.
Each night, Cas watched from the shadows. He felt the pain of Dean’s prayer, and heard the emotion in his voice. It broke Castiel every night and yet, he couldn’t bring himself to let Dean out of his sight. He held onto the hope that one night Dean would finish his prayer, allow himself to say the words that Cas knew lived in Dean’s mind.
“He was safe because of you.” Agent Novak took one step towards Dean. “So brave. I’m going to pat down your chest now.”
Cas entered and closed the door behind him when they reached Dean’s room. He watched as Dean sat on the small bed, made but not perfectly unlike his own.
The four of them turned towards the Impala, leaving Chuck laying in the dirt, powerless and defeated. The doors opened and closed, the last sounds they heard were Chuck begging them to come back, desperately crying for them to help him. The engine turned over, and the Impala drove off.
Dean woke to the sound of his phone ringing loudly, the ringtone he had assigned Cas blaring on the bedside table.
The words in his head pushed Dean over the edge, and he came all over his own hand.
“Cas…”
He managed to get the filling done, what he thought properly, on the first try. Dean looked back over the recipe. It had no instructions on actually creating the pie other than “layer the two mixtures into the crust and cool.”
Dean looked at Cas, and suddenly Lucifer found four sets of eyes burning into him.
Dean met Cas’ gaze and smiled. He has been waiting weeks for Cas to be okay with this. His hand grabbed Cas’ and he pulled them both up to sit on the edge of the bed. He ignored the come cooling on his chest, savoring the moment of just being beside Cas. He leaned over and gently pressed a kiss to Cas’ forehead. Dean stood, hand sliding away from Cas’, and walked towards the bathroom.
After starting a load of laundry, Dean found himself making dinner. It was easy to put something together with the ingredients they kept in the kitchen. As he cooked, he lost himself in thought.
Cas pulled out gently, and collapsed next to Dean. He looked over and found Dean’s green eyes. They were shining as bright as their crowns had been during their ceremony. He leaned over and pressed his lips against Dean’s.
“I can hear those words in your head Dean. They are basically another prayer.” He felt Cas smile against his shoulder.
“I love you Cas” the words slipped out, barely a whisper and Dean rolled over to meet Cas’ gaze. He stared into those steel blue eyes for a moment before gently capturing Cas’ lips with his own.
Dean looked around the security line, TSA agents everywhere and people in various states of undress. A female agent was yelling to the crowd, informing of all the things they needed to do in order to go through.
Cas looked down, and found Dean wearing a pair of white silk panties. Further down Dean’s right thigh, Cas spotted a matching white band with a slim pink bow. Dean watched as Cas licked his lips, eyes fixed on the garter.
“You want to do what?”
Dean watched as Cas left the room, silently closing the door behind him. He stumbled backwards, falling onto the bed. His hands came up to his face, feeling the fresh tears on his cheeks. Thoughts raced through his head, from Cas’ confession to his actions to the hope of tomorrow. He stayed there, sitting on his bed for hours before finally gathering the energy to prepare for the next day.
He looked over to Lucifer, still slumped over. “What’s the plan with him? Just because he’s human doesn’t mean he isn’t still dangerous.”
He looked down and found blue eyes staring back at him. “Worn out?” the man asked.
Sam often stayed behind, keeping information flowing to the hunters in the field. He camped out at the map table, laptop usually open. If a hunter called, he found the resources they needed and helped them get out safely. Eileen stuck by his side, slowly becoming an expert on the library and lore. It didn’t take long before matching silver rings appeared on their hands. Dean smiled every time he walked past them camped out at the map table, sitting side by side, with lore books spread across the table top. It reminded him that they were finally free to do what they wanted to do.
The agent smirked. “Alright then, guess we’ll just have to do a private pat down.” He led Dean to a small room just before the escalators to the rest of the airport. He opened the door and gestured to Dean to enter. “Have a seat, I’ll be right with you.”
Dean’s jaw dropped as he watched Cas walk away from him. The panties were something that only Rhonda had ever known about. He wasn’t even sure if she knew he took them with him when he left the morning after. Now Cas had seen them, commented on them. There was no coming back from that. Dean shook his head, and pulled his shirt down to make sure the waistband of his jeans was fully covered before turning back to face the stove. He lost all motivation to cook and began placing everything back in it’s rightful place.
“ALL CLEAR.” Dean balked as Agent Novak yelled in his face. He watched as the man walked out of the room and he stood there, belt unbuckled with a hard on from getting a pat down. A deep blush spread across his face. He did his belt back up and gave himself a moment to compose himself before walking out of the room.
“Nice job, kid. He taught me to drive too and I’m surprised he trusted either of us with Baby.”
It took hours for the kelpie to appear but they were ready when it did. Two iron stakes and a puddle of kelpie mush later, both men climbed in their separate cars to begin the drive back to the bunker.
They stayed there, lazily kissing until the cooling come became too uncomfortable to bear.
Dean doesn’t recognize the person I’ve become in this mission… this hunting of God. I saw it on his face the moment he saw me. Knowing him has changed me, more than I can ever tell him. The thought lingered heavily in his mind as he showered and redressed. The stress of the recent weeks had been wearing him down, causing him to act like the angel he was before he raised Dean from perdition. That angel, the one who commanded a garrison, that angel wouldn’t have batted an eye at harming humanity. Sighing, Cas leaves the small bedroom to drop his clothes in the laundry room and rejoin Dean and the others.
“I made a bourbon apple turnover and a blueberry lemon pinwheel.”
“Jack, it’s good to see you join us for once.” Sam said as he stood up to grab another cup to fill for Jack.
“So I’m going to be the bait.” Dean said, looking over to find Cas’ eyes locked on his face. Green met blue, but Dean wasn’t able to hold Cas’ gaze. It wasn’t the first time Dean had been bait, and it probably wouldn’t be the last.
“Cas…. Cas…. I’m going to come,” Dean whined.
Dean pulled into the garage before Cas, parking the Impala in her usual spot. He grabbed his bag and headed inside. Sam was sitting at the map table, books scattered across the surface.
They returned to the bunker, driving in as the sun set. Gathered around the table with beers in hand, they all relaxed.
Dean nodded, hands in his lap.
Dean cleaned up and walked back into the room only to find Cas curled up under the blankets, eyes closed. He saw that Cas had ditched the rest of his clothes but also noticed the duffel bag was open. He smiled, pulled out a pair of boxers for himself and slid them on. He crawled into the space in front of Cas, turning off the light as he did. He felt Cas’ arm wrap around his waist and inched backwards until his back was flush with Cas’ stomach. Dean fell asleep to the sound of Cas’ even breathing, both of them sleeping soundly within minutes.
At that moment, Jack walked into the kitchen. “PANCAKES! Thanks Dean!” He took the seat next to Sam, eagerly reaching for the hot pancakes Dean had just finished. Jack dumped syrup all over them and started to shovel them in his mouth. “Your pancakes are the best,” he said with his mouth full.
“Dean. Tomorrow might not go the way we want. I… need to tell you something, just in case we don’t make it out of tomorrow.”
Eyes closed, Dean couldn’t see the man he was praying to as Cas watched from the trees. Cas could hear both Dean’s spoken words and the prayer echoing in his head. He wasn’t sure which part hurt worse, the spoken words or the prayer.
Dean shook his head, but Castiel had stopped moving. He planted his feet and yelled again. “Go Dean!”
“I’m cancelling your show. It’s over. Just like every other world I’ve destroyed.” He gestured to them and the men dropped to the dirt. “If you had just done what you were told, you wouldn’t be here now, wouldn’t be on your knees before me.
Cas hummed as his lips slid over Dean’s cock and Dean lost it. His body went boneless as he came. His hands in Cas’ hair helped keep him upright as Cas swallowed everything. After releasing Dean’s softening dick, Dean pulled Cas up and into a kiss, tasting himself on Cas’ lips.
Jack sighed, and began to follow Dean’s careful instructions of driving. Soon they made it out of the parking lot and onto the highway. Dean chuckled when he noticed how hard Jack continued to grip the steering wheel, even as they approached the bunker. “You did good, kid.”
They carried the bags to the kitchen and worked in silence to put the food away. Once everything was away and their bags tidied up, Dean and Jack headed to the main hub of the bunker. They found Sam amongst dozens of open books, his laptop open.
Dean pulled Cas’ body forward until it was flush with his. “Too many clothes.”
“It’ll be a little while before any of the food is done.”
Cas walked into the kitchen, having heard Dean rummaging around to start cooking. He stood near the doorway, observing Dean in his element. A flash of pink from under Dean’s waistband caught Cas’ eye as Dean reached for something on a higher shelf. His breath caught in his chest as Dean turned around and froze, eyes meeting Cas’.
Dean sighed, and rolled off the bed. After throwing on jeans and an old Zep t-shirt, he made his way to the kitchen. Someone had already made a pot of coffee, so Dean poured himself a cup. He opened the fridge hoping to find something for breakfast that didn’t involve cooking. Nothing had been made, so Dean set out to make eggs and pancakes for everyone at the bunker.
“One minute left!”
“Alright, but I don’t like it. I don’t trust him.” His eyes narrowed as he looked at Lucifer with the last word.
“Alright bakers. It is time for the technical challenge. This one is pretty interesting. Mary, you choose it. Do you have any advice for the bakers?” Sue looked over at Mary as she spoke.
Dean immediately started prepping his dough. It was going to take the longest to prep, and needed to be chilled properly in order for it to be successful. He was quickly able to get the dough formed and resting. He started working on flattening out his butter.
Sam leaned against the door frame to the map room, eyes fixed on his big brother. Dean hadn’t spoken to anyone for longer than a few minutes since the party had started. He shook his head, and walked towards Dean.
“What about boots?” He asked, knowing the answer.
Agent Novak poured the rest of the alcohol into the glass, and then grabbed Dean’s shoulder.
“I lost my key… please let me in,” the voice came through the speaker of the phone clearly, although Cas rarely ever talked into his phone properly.
Since the four of them and Lucifer remained locked down in the bunker to avoid detection from Chuck, Dean’s dreams had taken an unusual turn. More of them left him feeling safe and sound, as opposed to weeks prior when he woke after restless nights. He didn’t talk to anyone about it, refusing to acknowledge that he had a theory on why. Talking, that would involve letting those feelings come up and that was something Dean couldn’t do.
Cas gently pulled at Dean’s hair, signaling him to release his softening dick. Dean looked up at Cas as he pulled off, lips covered with spit. He crushed his lips against Cas’. Dean felt Cas’ hands brush against his sides, pulling his shirt up as they went. He reluctantly broke their kiss to allow Cas to remove his shirt. Cas lifted his torso off the bed to allow Dean to remove his shirt. Now naked, both men fell onto the bed. Dean snuggled in close to Cas, his head resting on Cas’ bare chest.
Dean nodded absentmindedly. He had nothing else to say to Sam, who realized that soon after. He left Dean alone, and joined a conversation about vamps nearby.
“Yeah, just us.” Dean moved to stand behind Cas’ chair. He placed his hands on Cas’ shoulders and gently kissed the top of his head. “We got some catching up to do.”
“You have 3.5 hours to make your breakfast pastries. On your mark.”
“Shit.” Dean mumbled, unsure of how he was supposed to finish his filling and get the pie prepped since the baking was done. He made a split decision to put his crust in the fridge, and hoped it would turn out okay.
Cas grinned, hips snapping forward. His right hand reached between their bodies to find Dean’s dick. His hand moved in time with his thrusts and it wasn’t long before Dean was coming, coating his hand and their stomachs.
He was totally thrown by the question but responded anyways. “It’s not cologne, it’s the after effects of working on cars.”
“It can sense my grace and I haven’t been able to get close enough to kill it.”
“Cas… come on man. That’s not who you are. You don’t harm humans.”
“Very cryptic. Now off you go!” Mel and Sue waited until Mary and Paul had left the tent. “Mary would like you all to make a blueberry strata pie. You will have 2 hours to make your pies, but they will not be judged until later this evening. On your mark.”
“You see, Jack’s been a power vacuum recently. Absorbing all kinds of power, including Lucifer’s grace and now yours. There was no ending in your book, it’s blank but we found a way. That’s what we do, find a way to win no matter what.”
“I can taste the bourbon but it isn’t too strong. A perfect balance between the sweetest of the apple and the bite of the bourbon.”
The full size bed took up the majority of the room. A small TV sat atop a light brown dresser. The tiny bathroom attached contained the usual toilet, shower and sink. Dean took in his surroundings; it wasn’t the worst motel room he had ever stayed in. He watched as Cas took off his trenchcoat and loosened his tie. He took a couple steps, ending up standing behind Cas.
Dean heard Cas beside him. “Make blueberry filling. What the hell are these instructions?” He chuckled, clearly Cas had never made this pie before either. At least they were in the same boat.
“”California? I haven’t been to Cali since I was sixteen.”
Dean removed the cloth from the ingredients and pulled the recipe out of the drawer. He had heard of blueberry strata pie but had never made it. He glanced over the recipe and was shocked to see that the only part of the pie that was actually baked was the crust itself. Dean shook his head, clearing his thoughts and got to work starting his sweet short crust.
Agent Novak leaned forward and Dean anticipated a kiss, despite how unprofessional it would be.
An hour later, Dean pulled into Lovewell State Park. He easily located Cas’ Continental among the Hondas and Subarus. Once the Impala was parked, Dean walked up to find Cas sitting in the driver’s seat of the Continental. He knocked on the window, watching as Cas’ head whipped around to see him standing there. Dean opened the door and slid into the car.
After they had all finished breakfast and the dishes were set out to dry after being washed, Sam hit the library, while Dean took Jack down to the garage. “We have to do a food and beer restock for sure, and I have something fun planned for you along the way.”
Chuck snapped his fingers but nothing happened. He tried again but Jack remained in front of him. Jack placed his hands on either side of Chuck’s face. Sam and Dean watched as the orange glow wrapped around Chuck. It only took a few moments before Chuck fell to the ground.
Dean drove, Sam rode shotgun while Jack and Cas filled the backseat. There was no music, not today. They all needed to be in the right headspace for this plan to work. The Impala rolled into their destination a few hours later, a small lake far from any surrounding towns. They started setting up, carefully placing each item where it needed to be. Once everything was in place, Sam recited the spell, Latin words sliding off his tongue with ease.
He placed his phone back in his pocket and felt a piece of paper. Dean pulled it out and found a handwritten note.
“Dean!” He turned to see Castiel trying to catch up with him. His eyes glanced up and down the man’s body, somehow even more covered with flour than it was earlier. Castiel caught up with him and both men started walking up the hill to the hotel that they all stayed in together.
Dean didn’t think about the fact that Agent Novak was now kneeling in front of him, his half hard cock threatening to become fully erect.
Dean hummed as he took a towel and dried himself off. It sounded like an invitation for post sex cuddles and he was not about to turn that down. They stepped over the pile of flour coated clothes on the way to the bed. Cas moved the covers and settled towards the middle of the bed. Dean followed, snuggling close to Cas. The warmth of Cas’ body in addition to his recent orgasm had Dean nodding off as Cas set an alarm on his phone.
“Thanks for saving my life, again.” Dean kissed the back of Cas’ head, arms wrapping around his waist. Cas turned around, eyes meeting Dean’s. They stood there, bodies warm against each other.
Both Dean and Cas turned to face Sam as he began to explain what he had found. The two of them listened intently, hanging on every word that came out of Sam’s mouth. They all agreed that the plan, despite how crazy it sounded could work.
Dean had no warning to Cas coming. He came hard and fast, Dean’s mouth still wrapped around his cock. Dean swallowed as Cas’ body shook, the tremors of his orgasms nearly knocking him off his feet. He let go with a soft pop, and stood. Cas leaned against him, body still shaking. Dean wasn’t expecting the kiss that came next.
“Good.” Dean’s eyes slid closed, and Cas felt his breathing slow.
“Sammy! Sammy!” Dean yelled, still trying to fend off the person on the other side of the door.
“Alright, give me a couple minutes to get up there.”
They remained still for several moments, Dean knowing that Cas probably saw the pink satin that he was so careful to hide. Mentally shaking his head, Dean slowly broke off eye contact and tried to refocus on the food on the stove.
Jack spent most of his days wandering, sometimes leaving the bunker for days at a time. He never spoke about what he did when he left, although Dean and Cas often theorized that he was visiting people who prayed to him. They had heard of a few miracles but never asked Jack. It seemed he wanted privacy and they gave it to him.
“Yeah, it really was,” Dean mumbled. “Bruises heal you know but little Sammy..”
“I’ll find a way to get you out! I swear!” The last words that Dean spoke punched Cas in the gut. The last words he heard echoed in his head as a prayer “I promise you I will find a way. Because I…”
“I know Dean, but I don’t like it.”
Cas nodded and began looking for the next motel to stop at. A few miles down the road, they came across a run down old motel. He checked them in and drove the Impala to a parking space near the room. Dean grabbed his bag out of the back and followed Cas inside the dim lights barely lighting it. Dean’s duffle made a thud as it hit the cheap carpet.
Sam came in as Dean was flipping the first of the pancakes. He grabbed a cup of coffee and sat at the counter across from Dean, smiling gently when he heard Dean was humming to himself as he flipped pancakes and cooked eggs. “Did you have a good night last night?” Sam asked with a light laugh in his voice.
“Welcome to the new world Chuck.”
“Later, right now we should probably head back to the bunker before Sam sends a rescue party for us.”
Cas was tackled by two of them. His fighting skills had drastically improved since he started hunting regularly with Dean but the two vampires overpowered him and knocked him to the ground. He struggled to throw them off but succeeded and was able to behead them.
“What’s the word Cas?”
As Dean and Benny journeyed through Purgatory, Cas stayed close behind. Dean never knew, never discovered that Cas trailed them. Each night, Dean fell to his knees, the same prayer falling off his lips. Benny never once questioned why Dean continued to pray to the angel who had deserted the man who walked beside him.
“I don’t know man. We are trying to kill God and the only real plan we have is one that we only know half of because it’s Billie’s plan. Jack’s getting worse — more powerful, but worse all the same. We can’t let him die.”
He found Sam and Dean around the map table, where more books had been added to the pile since he had left them. Sam was quietly scrolling through lore websites while Dean flipped through an ancient looking text. The pages rustled with each movement of Dean’s hand. The looks on their faces told Cas that they hadn’t made any progress either on the God front. None of them wanted to accept the fact that in order for Jack to succeed in killing Chuck and Amara, he would also have to die. Cas picked up a bible, its text faded from the pages. His eyes squinted, trying to make out any words. The annotations written on the sides of the pages didn’t seem to bear any clues. The book in Dean’s hands thudded against the table, and Cas looked over to see Dean staring him down.
He smiled, hands reaching for Cas’ pants. They brushed over Cas’ fabric-clad cock, and shivered passed down Cas’ spine. His mouth opened in shock, and Dean took the opportunity to kiss him. His hands aptly undid Cas’ pants, pulling them down and leaving Cas in nothing but boxers.
Sam woke to the sound of Dean yelling his name. He rushed out of his room towards the sound, only to be stopped at the map table. What he found was a sight completely unexpected — Dean, seated but looking extremely on edge; and Lucifer, standing between Dean and the door to the bunker.
They broke apart after a few moments, smiling as they looked around. Cas’ gripped Dean’s hand and led him to the table where their cake sat. The simple exterior of the cake was elegant. Cake cutter in hand, both men created the first slice. The rainbow interior of the cake matched the handprint on Dean’s left shoulder. They took turns feeding the one a single bite, laughing when Cas missed Dean’s mouth, smearing frosting across his cheek.
“Cas..” Dean moaned, hand picking up speed with the additional slickness provided by his pre-come. He was lost in himself, only reminded of Cas’ presence when he spoke.
“I should’ve stopped you. You are my best friend, but I just let you go.” Dean’s voice started to break, tears forming in his eyes.
Dean broke the kiss, moving to plant more along Cas’ jaw and down, placing them on his neck. He gently sucked a mark on Cas’ collarbone and Cas shuddered in response. His hands reached down to undo Dean’s pants. He pulled them down, hand brushing against something unexpected.
“Thank you.”
Paul took one of the apple turnovers first and placed it on a small plate. He used a knife to cut the pastry into smaller pieces. “Nice crisp pastry, cuts well.”
Silence filled the kitchen after Dean’s statement, everyone unsure of how to proceed. Worry began to seep into their minds. Doubt started to cloud their thoughts.
The feeling of Dean coming, ass tightening around Cas’ cock brought him over the edge. He thrust one final time, moaning as his orgasm coursed through his body. He released Dean’s softening dick, and slowly pulled out. Dean’s eyes were closed, body limp on the bed. Cas leaned in, and kissed Dean gently.
Dean and Cas took Lucifer to lock up, while Jack retreated to his room. Sam worked on cleaning up the kitchen after breakfast, washing coffee cups and pancake plates. He left them on the drying rack and headed to the library.
Cas watched in horror as Dean had to choose between making it through the portal or staying behind to with him.
He continued to gloat, looming over Sam and Dean, who began to make moves to stand. Chuck knocked them back down, a fist colliding with Dean’s face. Each time they tried to stand, he landed another blow. Bones break, blood pouring from wounds, the boys continue to get their feet under them again.
They walked hand in hand to the Impala. After checking out of the motel, Dean turned the Impala on the road south, heading back to Kansas and to face his brother.
“I’m going to fuck my husband tonight.” The emphasis placed on the word husband made Dean shudder, all thoughts leaving his head as Cas stood. His arms wrapped around Dean’s waist, lips pressing against Dean’s firmly. Cas walked them backwards to the bed, where Dean fell back onto the mattress.
Dean nodded weakly, unable to truly voice his fears.
All that was left on their bodies was the garter, Dean’s panties and the matching silver rings that adorned their left hands.
“I’m not gonna last Cas.”
Dean moved back towards the head board, making himself comfortable as Cas rummaged through one of their bags for the lube. Cas turned around, lube in hand, to find Dean with his legs spread, cock standing proud. Cas smiled, his own erection full as he walked to his husband.
“Once you say yes, I will simply slide into your mind. You will still be completely in charge but you will be able to feel my presence and I will be able to feel everything as you feel it.”
“Oh fuck Cas. Right there.” Words pierced through their ragged breathing as Cas found Dean’s prostate. He continued to hit Dean’s sweet spot.
“Dean, come for me baby. Let me see how you feel when you come.”
Dean couldn’t take his eyes off Cas as the other man dropped to his knees. Dean’s pants and boxers were quickly removed by Cas. He watched as Cas wrapped his right hand over the base of Dean’s cock. Cas licked up the underside of his dick before taking the head in his mouth. Dean’s hands found their way into Cas’ hair.
“I’m going to go start getting ready for tomorrow. Please, Dean, tell me if you need anything.” Cas tripped over his words slightly, as he turned to leave the room.
“Cas!” Dean shouted as he saw him 100 yards back from the portal. He was about to go through but turned at the last moment. He watched as Cas started running towards him. The portal began to slowly close behind Dean.
Dean only had to wait a split second before Cas nodded. He leaned in, lips brushing gently against Cas’. A shudder passed through Dean as he felt Cas begin to kiss him back. A few moments passed before Dean pulled back. His hands wiped the tears from Cas’ face.
Cas kissed the top of Dean’s head, arms holding Dean tight as he too drifted into sleep.
A moment passed, Dean watching Cas’ eyes, waiting for him to acknowledge that it was okay for him to continue. “Are you waiting for something, Dean? I am very happy to see you.”
Dean sat at the map table, cold beer in hand as he observed the hunters celebrating around him. After they had defeated Chuck, the bunker became a home base for all the hunters that had come to call their world home, whether they were born there or on Apocalypse world. Everyone looked so happy, smiles bright as stories passed from one person to the next. He and Sam were still like legends to many of the hunters who now used the bunker as a check in. They had mostly hung up their spurs, spending most of their days helping the hunters from the safety of the bunker.
Cas couldn’t help but notice the tiny bit of pink that remained visible on Dean’s hips. “Please Dean. Don’t shut me out. I know I said happiness isn’t in the having but I miss you. I miss your friendship.”
The judges continued on their way, making comments on everyone’s danishes but Dean only half listened. He looked over to see Castiel’s danishes being judged. His eyes met Castiel’s and Dean smiled gently.
“Oh nice, I can tell. Are you close to your brother?”
“It will be okay. Your brother loves you and will not care. You don’t have to hide this Dean, you have never had to.”
“Everyone clear on the plan?” Dean’s gruff voice was the first to break the silence.
“Bakers you have 45 minutes to finish your pies!” Mel called out.
“So hard for me, Dean. So perfect.”
“I’ve got 4 other hunters out who need me here. Eileen’s never hunted with Cas so it makes more sense for you to go out there and help.”
Sam stood on the other side. Dean looked his brother over, noting the still present beard and bags under his eyes. Despite removing Chuck from the equation, Sam was still working overtime to help hunters continue to fight the lesser monsters of the world.
“I could use a nap. We still have like 2 hours before we have to be back in the tent.” Cas said, turning off the water and grabbing a towel.
The rest of the reception was filled with music, drinking, and dancing. As the hours dwindled down, Dean started to hint at Cas that it was time to go. It started subtle, a firm hand on Cas’ upper thigh. Gradually, Dean lost his subtlety. Midnight rang, and Dean grabbed Cas’ hand, dragging him towards the door.
Dean looked to Cas, and the realization that Cas was wearing his clothes hit him. He grinned from ear to ear. “You look amazing Cas. In fact, you look perfect standing there in my American Apparel.”
“Oh my god Cas. Fuck.”
“Fuck Dean.”
Jack’s eyes were filled with happiness as they met Dean’s. “Thanks Dean.”
“Damn it, Dean.” He muttered, trying to figure out if there was a way to recrisp the crust. Minutes passed as Dean stood there staring at his crust.
They fell asleep, ending the year in each other’s arms just the way they should.
Dean sighed, and started to carefully remove each pastry from the baking sheet. He placed them neatly on a large platter and stood next to his creations. Mary and Paul started with Kevin, the wildly creative grad student who was two stations ahead of Dean. The feedback he got was mostly positive but his pastry wasn’t quite cooked. Before he knew it, Mary and Paul were standing across from Dean.
“A kelpie? They are pretty easy to handle with iron. Why do you need help?”
Time flew by, and before Dean knew it he heard Sue calling, “30 minutes left bakers!”
“Dean.. you almost died. This is not the place.” Cas’ forehead pressed against Dean’s.
Dean was caught off guard when Castiel’s hand brushed against his. He looked over to find Castiel’s eyes locked on his face. Words escaped him as blue eyes bore into his own green ones. The memory of Castiel’s hands squeezing pineapple came rushing forward and Dean felt color rising on his cheeks. Strong fingers intertwined with his. Dean allowed himself to be led the rest of the way to the building overlooking the tent. Thoughts raced through his head but he ignored them, focusing on the feeling of Castiel’s hand in his.
“Fuck Cas.”
Cas took the invitation, hands leaving Dean’s hip to remove his flannel. His hands found their way to the hem of Dean’s t-shirt, pulling it up. He broke their kiss to toss Dean’s shirt on the floor. Dean’s hands flew to Cas’ buttons, undoing them as quickly as he could. Both men, shirtless, eyes blown wide with lust, leaned back in. The kiss had started out passionate and heated, and served as the tipping out.
“We can do that.” The sentence was barely a whisper but Dean heard it clearly. He laughed and finished packing their dirty clothes into the duffle.
Dean kneeled before Cas, hands on his hips. “They look good on you, but they are going to look better on the floor.”
“I don’t know what I would do without you. You aren’t allowed to die, not when you have so much life left in you.” Cas breathed.
Finally, Benny and Dean reached the portal. Cas knew that this was his last chance to prove to Dean that he was still there, still Dean’s angel.
Cas found a small towel in the bathroom joined to Dean’s room. He ran some warm water over it before returning to Dean’s bed. He cleaned up Dean’s stomach and tossed the towel on the floor.
“Go.” He shouted, tears falling.
Dean smiled as those words left Cas’ mouth. He doubled his efforts, determined to make Cas come. There was no warning before Cas’s cum covered Dean’s hand, some hitting Dean’s stomach.
“What, Dean, no! I can’t drive Baby. What if I crash, what if I get pulled over, what if-”
Sam and Dean stood firm but didn’t draw any weapons. Jack and Cas remained still, eyes focused on Chuck.
Dean turned around, his emerald green eyes finding Cas’s steel blue eyes. He went searching for answers in those blue depths but Cas was unreadable, as usual. He nodded, and kept walking towards his room.
“Like what you see?”
“We will win this. It’s the only way this can end. We’ve fought too damn hard for it to go any other way,” said Sam.
Cas pulled back. “Why would there be an angel blade in my pocket?” His face was puzzled.
“They live on in our memories, Dean. And all those people would want us to be celebrating the end of the year. It’s a happy time, not a sad one.”
Dean sighed, knowing that Cas was right. He turned his head, breaking eye contact so Cas couldn’t see the emotions there. He wasn’t expecting Cas’ hands to reach up and turn his face back.
Dean threw on the first pair of jeans he found, along with an old Zeppelin t-shirt. He padded out of his room and headed towards the main door of the bunker. He disarmed the door and pulled it open.
“I hope you are happy to see me and that’s not an angel blade in your pocket.”
He left the room, presumably to find his laptop. Dean watched him go and then turned to Jack. “You did good, kid. I’m proud of you.”
He felt Agent Novak lift his right arm, hands patting him down as they went. “Well it’s really nice. A lot of guys go really overboard with the cologne.”
Dean woke with a start, alarm on his phone blaring. He groaned and reached out, trying to locate the offending device. After a few seconds, although the noise made it feel like an eternity, he successfully silenced the alarm. He continued to lay buried in blankets for several minutes, recalling a dream he had the night before. A dream that had felt like a memory but had also felt like a promise. They had won the fight against Chuck, and given themselves permission to live freely. They remained in the bunker, giving aid to hunters across the country but not doing much hunting themselves. He, Cas, Sam, Eileen and Jack —  all one family.
“I can hear you thinking Dean.”
“It’ll be okay Dean. Can you trust me on this?”
“Cas, fuck me tonight.”
With no time left, Dean needed to get his pie finished. He took a wild guess and put the cream cheese pineapple mixture on the bottom and the blueberry filling on top. In the final minute, he managed to smooth the blueberry filling out and make it look somewhat decent.
“Dean.... Dean…” his voice came out breathy, unable to form words other than Dean’s name. Dean continued his work, tongue swirling around Cas’ dick, looking up at his face as Cas came undone. The hand that had been fondling Cas’ balls dropped to his own crotch, trying to relieve some of the pressure. He knew Cas wouldn’t last long, not with the sounds coming out of his mouth and how tightly he was gripping Dean’s shoulders.
Cas seemed to sense that Dean had a little bit of hesitancy. “I will only be able to see and feel what you allow me to feel.”
Dean sat in the chair, head spinning as he tried to comprehend why Agent Novak was asking all these questions. He shook off his reservations and answered “Yeah, had to be. It was us versus him.”
“Let’s lock him in 7B. We’ll figure it out later. Right now, we just need to finish prepping for tomorrow.”
They sat there in silence for a while before Cas said “I brought breakfast. Let’s eat before it gets too cold.”
The days passed by slowly, the boys constantly trying to prevent Lucifer from destroying everything in the bunker. The struggle continued with Jack not wanting to see his father. Jack spent most of the time in his room, avoiding contact with anyone but Cas. Sam and Dean worried about him but couldn’t do much other than provide reassurance through Cas that everything would work out. Jack wasn’t the only one spending time alone in his room.
Emotions and thoughts all jumbled together as Dean tried to put together a sentence to reassure Cas.
The female agent gave him a once over. “Are you asking me if boots are shoes? Because if you are… the answer is yes.”
“What’s up Sammy?”
“Oh.”
“Dude, what the hell? It’s like 4 in the morning,” his voice rough with sleep.
Dean got out of bed and walked to the duffel. He put on the second set of clothes he had packed, with Cas’ eyes watching him the whole time. After he was dressed, Dean began picking up their clothes from yesterday. He got to Cas’ trenchcoat and handed it to him.
Dean kissed Cas greedily. His hands pulled on Cas’ shoulders, encouraging him to climb into the bed. Once Cas was in the bed, Dean straddled his hips. He slid down Cas’ body, hands working to undo Cas’ pants as fast as he could.
“I… Cas…” words seemed to be completely failing Dean. His tears fell freely, eyes meeting Cas’ without faltering. He stood, taking uneasy steps towards Cas. The distance between them closed, both men clearly emotional but unsure. Dean closed the last of the distance with one final step, hands reaching up to cup Cas’ face. “I don’t know what to say, but I do know something, a feeling that’s been growing inside me for weeks now. I’m going to kiss you now, is that okay?”
Dean’s left hand dropped to his balls, heavy in his hand. They slid back further and Dean heard Cas’ gasp echo in his head.
Dean walked away, bag slung over his shoulder. Sam watched him go and returned to reading his book once Dean was through the archway.
Sam smiled, and pulled out his phone. Dean watched as he walked away, putting the phone to his ear. He closed the door and moved to grab his bag. He looked longingly at the closet but the pink satin would have to wait.
Cas raked his eyes over Dean’s naked body. They locked on Dean’s cock, hard and straining against his stomach. Dean’s hands fisted against the sheets, his need evident. Cas dropped to the bed, a one knee falling between Dean’s legs. He felt Dean’s cock press into his hip.
As the reception started, Dean and Cas left their suit jackets behind to do their first dance. The crowns perched on their heads glowed in the soft candle light as Cas pulled Dean closer, his right hand wrapped tightly around Dean’s waist. His thumb gently stroked the small of Dean’s back as the soft melody of their first dance song began. Cas took the lead, Dean following naturally as he moved them along the old wood floor. They’re eyes remained locked, ignoring those around them. Tonight was about celebrating their love, their journey in becoming one. Friends and family watched with teary eyes as the men danced, their worries having melted away as their love for each other shone bright. The song faced and Cas let go of Dean’s hand to cup his chin. He gently pulled Dean’s face towards him, capturing Dean’s lips in a kiss. Dean sighed against his mouth, body softening against Cas’.
“You did good, kid,” Cas smiled gently at Jack.
Cas looked down at the man kneeling before him, cheeks flushed. He nodded, answering Dean’s silent question.
“I need you Cas, I need all of you.”
Cas obeyed, sliding his finger the rest of the way in slowly. “You feel so good, Dean, so tight.”
“Hell if I was gonna let anything happen to Sammy. I just made sure John was worn out before he got to Sammy.”
“Kelpie. Cas needed bait. I’m going to shower.”
He pulled Dean off the rebar, lowering him gently to the ground. His hands started to glow and Dean felt Cas’ grace flow through him, healing his wounds. Once the wound was closed, Cas leaned down, lips pressing into Dean’s. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas, pulling him closer. Desperation filled both their minds, the fact that Dean almost died- again- weighing heavy on their thoughts.
Looking around, Dean saw several of the other contestants had left their pie crusts out. Cursing himself, he took his crust out of the fridge. The crust had gone slightly soggy in the middle due to the drastic temperature difference.
Cas smiled and planted a kiss on Dean’s stomach, his chest brushing against Dean’s erection, giving him the smallest amount of friction.
“What do we have here? The Winchesters, the Angel of Thursday, and Lucifer’s nephilim — doing what? A spell? You think you can stop me with a spell?” Chuck laughed.
Dean often had restless nights, dreams of the world he had grown up in and dreams of the world he and Sam fought so hard to create. Most of those dreams resulted in him, waking up in a cold sweat, fear soaking through his brain. Some nights, though, Dean had dreams of the future- a future where he felt safe and sound. In those dreams, Sam was happy with Eileen. Both of them had been able to give up hunting and live happy, normal lives. In those dreams, Dean always felt a presence, someone who made him feel safe and at peace. He could never quite place the person that could hold him while he slept, keeping the bad dreams away.
His erection was quickly swallowed down by Dean. One of Cas’ hands threaded through Dean’s hair while the other gripped the sheets. Dean knew exactly how to push all of Cas’ buttons and before long Cas was coming down Dean’s throat. Dean swallowed everything Cas gave him.
Dean watched as a male TSA approached and then waved him through the metal detector. It beeped as he went through and he knew it was because of his belt buckle.
Hands fought belts. Dean pushed Cas’ pants down. He took the hint, stepping out of his shoes and pants. Dean did the same. Their bodies crashed back together, Cas’ hands traced Dean’s stomach lightly. Dean gasped as one of Cas’ hands moved upward, one finger circling a nipple. His fingers threaded through Cas’ hair as he moved to kiss Dean’s jawline, his neck, his tattoo. He continued his path down Dean’s body, drawing noises out of Dean that were ungodly. He planted one kiss on each of Dean’s hips before standing straight. He placed his hands on Dean’s shoulders, and pushed Dean backwards towards the small bed. Dean’s legs hit the end and he was falling onto the bed.
“What are you saying Cas?” Dean swallowed hard, eyes starting to brim with tears, although he tried to hold them back.
“Letting you go was easier than admitting I was wrong. I don’t know why I get so angry.” Dean’s eyes opened, hoping the stars were listening. It was the only thing he had left, the thought that Cas could even potentially hear his prayers.
A blush started to creep up Dean’s cheeks. “Both. I love how they feel and I know you love how I look in panties.”
“It’s a very subtle flavor. You could have added a bit more lemon and it would have been perfect. It is still very good though.” Paul said.
“Yeah, I am.”
A rustle of wings and Dean’s head shot out of his hands. His mouth fell open, shocked at the sight before him.
Mel followed closely with, “get set!”
Dean’s last thought before sleep took him was “what kind of pie did we make again today?”.
“Cas please” Dean begged, breathing heavy.
“You were going to learn some day, and today was as good of a day as any.”
One hand wrapped around Cas’ stiff dick. Dean swiped his thumb over the head and felt Cas thrust into his hand. Gathering the precome leaking from the head, Dean started stroking slowly. He followed the signs Cas’ body was giving him, speeding up as Cas’ hips began to move faster. Cas’ lips pulled away from Dean’s as his head dropped, forehead pressing against Dean’s shoulder. He wasn’t nearly as vocal as Dean but it was still obvious when he drew closer to his orgasm.
The man handed him the drink, in a real glass, Dean noted. “Where you headed?”
Dean’s right hand jerked faster, twisting as it went over the tip. He used his left to circle his ass, putting pressure around the rim.
Dean sighed. He trusted Cas not to violate his mind completely. His desire to share this with Cas outweighed his fears.
They remained with Cas’ forehead pressed against Dean’s shoulder for a few moments. Dean kissed the top of Cas’ head, breathing in the smell of Cas’ shampoo. He wasn’t surprised when Cas took his hand and led him to the bathroom. Cas turned the shower on, and when it was hot, stepped instead. Dean followed. They washed each other, taking the time to get to know that parts of each other they had skipped over in their haste to get off earlier.
His hands reached forward to grip Dean’s hips, pulling him closer. Their bodies pressed close together, Dean clinging to Cas desperately. A low moan slipped out of Dean’s mouth, and Cas took the opportunity to slide his tongue in and across Dean’s teeth. The hands on Cas’ coat moved, pulling it off and throwing it to the side.
“What about me?” Cas’ gruff voice appeared behind Dean.
Dean sighed and removed his hands from Cas’ body. He watched as Cas stood, dusting off his coat. He took Cas’ outstretched hand, standing on shaky feet. He leaned on Cas and allowed him to guide him back to the Impala. Cas fished the keys out of Dean’s pocket.
He sat on the edge of his bed, head falling into his hands. A deep sigh escaped his lips, thoughts racing.
“So this is the end? Dying at the hands of my favorite creations? Sam, the boy with the demon blood and Dean, daddy’s blunt little instrument, going to kill me once and for all.” Chuck turned to Dean. “Of course, Dean, it would be you. You are the ultimate killer, and always have been.”
Some nights, after Dean prayed to Cas, he and Benny would fuck. It destroyed Castiel to know that Dean probably didn’t love him the way he loved Dean. The envy ate away at him, jealousy telling Cas to walk up to the pair but he knew he never could. They had enough of a target on their backs as Dean was human. Putting them in more danger than they already were was not something Cas was willing to do, despite wishing Benny’s death.
The barn was quiet, and Cas began to search for his partner.
Sam looked up from one of the books, and wrinkled his nose. “Dude, you’ve got mush all over you.”
Cas replaced his mouth with his hand, pumping Dean’s cock hard and fast. He watched in fascination as Dean came, thick streaks of come hitting Dean in the stomach. His hand kept moving until Dean grabbed his wrist. They remained there, Dean catching his breath, for several minutes.
“How is this going to work?” Dean whispered, his voice gravelly with desire.
The morning found Cas, Sam, Dean and Lucifer in the kitchen pouring endless cups of coffee and piles of pancakes. This sight wasn’t unusual, however it became so when Jack walked into the kitchen. All four men turned to face the kid.
“I tried to stop him from getting in. But he had a compelling argument that I think you should hear out.”
“Cas, I hope you can hear me… that wherever you are, it’s not too late.” The words came easily, as they did every night. The prayer also started the same, hoping that Cas could hear him. His hands clasp together but they rested between his legs as his head remained tipped upward.
“Yes we can, and we have.” Both Sam and Dean stood tall despite their wounds. They watched as Jack approached Chuck from behind. He whipped around to see Jack, eyes glowing with power.
Dean opened the shoe box that he had kept hidden in the back of his closet since they found the bunker. It used to live on the floorboard on the Impala, shoved under a seat in hopes that Sam would never find it. A shiver passed down Dean’s spine as his hand touched the silky fabric in the box. He remembered the feeling of the fabric as it slid over his legs, over his balls and dick. Dean shifted on his knees, his dick responding to the memory of wearing pink silk for the first time.
“Oh Sammy, has your brother ever had a plan you liked? No? I didn’t think so.” Lucifer took several steps towards the table and grabbed a chair. “You can’t get rid of me, and you know you need me.”
Cas walked them backwards towards the bed, hands fighting Dean’s belt along the way. He worked the button and zipper open. Dean’s legs hit the bed, and he fell onto it. He lifted his hips when Cas tried to pull his pants off. They struggled to get the coordination to get Dean’s pants off but as soon as they did, Dean felt Cas’ hand wrap around his dick. He gasped, not used to the feeling of another man’s hand around him. Cas slid his tongue into Dean’s mouth and Dean moaned.
Sam and Dean looked at each other, thoughts racing through their minds. “He’s got a valid point, dude.”
“Cas. I don’t know if I can give you what you want. I need more time.”
The boxers slid down Cas’ legs, revealing his hard dick. Dean leaned forward, kissing the tip. Cas made an ungodly sound, hands reaching out to grasp Dean’s shoulders. Dean took his cock into his mouth, sucking gently. One hand gripped the base while the other went to his balls. Cas threw his head back, moaning.
“So, you travelling alone?” he asked, prepping a drink with off brand Coke and an airline bottle of Jack Daniels.
Dean and Cas went hunting if it was close, and they always went together. No one said anything about it but Dean worried constantly about what Sam and the others thought. Cas was always reassuring Dean that they didn’t care. He still worried, no matter what Cas said. Hunting together allowed them time to be alone, just to be in one another’s presence.
Chuck’s face split into a grin, his eyes sparkling. The first blast of power was directed at Cas and Jack. They went flying, Cas hitting a tree and Jack blown back to the ground. He turned his attention to Sam and Dean. He took several strides towards them, hands tightening into fists.
Dean laughed, a full bodied laugh that shook both of them. “It’s an expression Cas, I’m flirting with you.”
He groaned as he slid into the passenger seat, Cas turning the car on. The Impala started with ease and Cas began the drive.
Cas hummed his approval as his hands settled on Dean’s hips, thumbs gently stroking the soft material he found there. He pressed his lips to Dean’s, relishing the feeling of the silk under his palms. Dean’s hands found their way to unbutton and unzip Cas’ pants, pushing them down. He used his hands on Cas’ hips to encourage him to step backwards, allowing both of them to leave their slacks behind on the floor. Cas’ erection rubbed against Dean’s through two sets of fabric but it wasn’t enough. Moaning, he slipped his hands under the waistband of Cas’ boxers, pushing them down Cas’ thighs, hands trailing softly. Cas got the message and stepped out of them as well.
“Wow, you work out don’t you?”
He let go of Dean’s cock with a pop. “Are you sure you’re ready?”
“I know how you see yourself Dean, you see yourself as our enemies see you. You’re destructive and you’re angry and you’re broken. You’re “Daddy’s Blunt Instrument”. And you think that hate and anger is what drives you.”
“So, it’s just us now.”
“I know Dean. It’s okay.” Cas mumbled, keeping his voice low. The tears that were seeping out of Dean’s eyes matched the ones forming in Cas.
The bunker was quiet; the hunters from Apocalypse World had all dispersed, going off to find their own paths in this world. They all still called to check occasionally or if they needed help with a case. Most of them had adjusted quickly to their new world, their new home. Some decided to give up fighting, Charlie included. Leaving Apocalypse World had been a blessing for most, especially those who no longer wanted to fight. Dean envied those who had been able to give up the life of constant fighting, always worrying about whether they would survive the next day. They had freedom, something Dean could only truly dream of. These feelings Dean buried deep inside himself had come bubbling up while they had found a way to kill Chuck but he knew he wouldn’t be able to act on them, not until Chuck was buried in a place he would never emerge from.
“How? I’m beating you. You have no power, no weapons. You can’t win.”
Dean’s lips crashed into Cas’, hands gripping his shirt tightly. He wasn’t any good with words but he knew he could show Cas that he felt the same way. He felt Cas’ lips soften against his, and took it as the invitation he had been waiting weeks for.
“Woah, time for what boys? You haven’t said anything about your plans to take on Dad.” Eyes wide, his gaze met Jack’s glowing amber eyes.
As Dean put his crust in the oven to bake, he made the mistake of looking over at Cas’ station. Cas was on the next step, strain the crushed pineapple, and Dean couldn’t help but focus on Cas’ hands as they squeezed the pineapple through a cheesecloth. Blood rushed south and Dean struggled to recenter himself. It was a competition and he didn’t have time to deal with his growing erection.
“I’m going to grab something to clean you up and then I will be back.”
It didn’t take long before the only words coming out of Dean’s mouth between moans were “fuck, Cas” and “oh my god”.
“On the bed Dean.” The command in Cas’ was undeniable, and it turned Dean on even more.
Struggling to find words, Dean turned away, eyes becoming glued to the table..
“Wait, guys, I might have found something but it’s going to take a lot more than we have now,” Sam said, words breaking through the tense air.
“I want to do it again. Feeling you inside me, hearing you in my head. It was amazing.”
Dean pulled his boots off, laughing in his head.
“How much do you want Dean?” Cas’ voice deep with arousal.
Dean turned around to look at the angel. Cas had been in and out of the bunker for weeks, searching for answers and ways to kill Chuck. Dean felt his face give way to a look of surprise  when he saw what looked like fresh, and a large amount, blood on Cas’ trenchcoat.
“Dean, you are a good man. What I feel for you is real. I wish you would let yourself go.”
Dean was waiting for his pastries to finish proving a second time before putting them in the oven but he was quickly running out of time. He slid his pastry into the oven, feeling the heat on his face as he did. He set his timer for 20 minutes and sat down to wait. There was nothing he could do while the danishes cooked. He found his eyes wandering, and they soon settled on Castiel. The man had ended up with flour covering his apron and part of his arms. Dean smiled and chuckled to himself. It takes a special kind of baker to end up covered with flour. He looked down at himself, and was surprised to find that he also had flour covering almost his whole apron.
Dean stared at Cas, his emerald green eyes unblinking as they met Cas’ ocean blues. They stood across from each other in Dean’s room in the Bunker.
Sam opened his mouth to speak, but was interrupted by Cas entering the bunker door. He came down the stairs, and as soon as he caught sight of Lucifer, his angel blade slid into his hand. “Lucifer.” The deep growl of his voice could only be the result of hatred.
“California, brother is graduating from Stanford in a couple days.” Dean knocked back half the drink in one go. “What does this have to do with security?”
Cas looked at Dean, wrapped in the blankets and knew bad things were running through his mind. He wordlessly handed Dean a to-go cup filled with coffee and set the food he had bought down on the bed. Removing his shoes, he climbed back into the bed next to Dean. He reached out, pulling Dean closer.
“Okay, let’s do it.”
“That must have been really scary on you and your brother.”
Dean shrugged, not trusting his voice not to crack if he answered out loud. He watched as the guy, Agent Novak, revealed a small bar that was hidden in the table.
“Possess you Dean. So you can show exactly how you pleasure yourself.” The matter of fact tone that Cas spoke with was laced with desire.
“That’s the plan.”
“Yes, but I also want to talk to you Dean. It’s something that shouldn’t wait until after tomorrow.”
“Dean, food still only tastes like molecules to me. I came in here to spend time with you. We haven’t really talked about anything besides hunting since you learned about my deal with the Empty. You have to know that I meant every word of what I told you.”
The emotions that Cas could hear, the pain he felt through the prayer. It crashed through Castiel like a tidal wave. He wished he could bridge the gap that separated himself physically from Dean. He wished he could pull Dean close and tell him that it would be alright at the end of the day, that they would find their way out of Purgatory together.
“Why do you think they are letting us leave while the pies cool?” Castiel asked, his voice deeper now that Dean was right beside him.
Footsteps echoed in the hall behind his closed door and Dean quickly closed the box and shoved it to the back of the closet. He heard a knock on his door and swore softly to himself. Standing and closing the door to the closet, he made his way to the bedroom door. He took a deep breath to center himself, willing the memory of pink satin out of his mind before opening the door.
“Cas called. He would like some help on a hunt out by Lovewell Reservoir.”
“See you guys later! I’m taking my husband outta here but enjoy the rest of the booze on us!” Dean yelled to the crowd. Everyone turned to wave goodbye and the grooms made their final exit.
“Get set!”
“Sam! Dean let me drive the Impala! I know how to drive now!” Dean laughed as the excited words came bubbling out of Jack. He smiled at Sam, who in return gave Dean a knowing look.
Cas nodded, and they got to work creating a plan to lure the kelpie in.
“Combine pineapple, cream cheese, sugar and vanilla. It doesn’t say how much.” Dean sighed and decided to go with his gut. He combined about 1 cup of his pineapple with 8 ounces of cream cheese. He added 1 tablespoon of sugar and tasted it. It wasn’t sweet so he decided to add one more tablespoon. A splash of vanilla was next and he watched as the cream cheese and pineapple combined into a smooth filling.
“You have been measured.”
“Not yet, kid, but I can get you out of here for a little bit while Sam keeps researching.”
Sam smiled and set out to grab his fake butter.
He removed his finger as slowly as he inserted it but continued moving it in and out of Dean’s ass. His speed increased as Dean relaxed, the sensation becoming familiar. He added a second finger, and began stretching Dean in earnest.
“You have been found wanting.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Fine, give me an hour.”
The door closed softly behind Dean. He sat in the only chair in the room and watched as a video played on a small TV. The TV started describing the private pat down. Dean’s heart sank when the lights turned off. He was cloaked in darkness for only a few seconds before new lights came on. These lights could only be described as mood lighting.
Dean felt his dick start to harden at the thought of having Cas inside him, sharing his body. He couldn’t deny that the thought was arousing, the evidence becoming clear to Castiel as well. He swallowed hard before nodding, not trusting his voice.
“Come on Cas, fuck me already.” Dean moaned, breaking away from Cas’ kiss.
He tried not to think about the hands that were now traveling south, and then undoing his belt. He prayed that the man wouldn’t notice how turned on he was. Hands undid his belt, blue eyes never leaving his green ones.
“One day, I want to see you in that coat and nothing else.” He winked as Cas blushed, the mental picture appearing in his mind. Cas turned his head, but nodded.
The final word cut out as the portal closed. Castiel stood frozen, tears streaming down his face.
They found themselves hunting a vampire nest in Iowa in mid-November. It matched the details of a case in John’s journal. They tracked them back to an old barn. It was just past sundown when the fighting started.
“There is not as much to bake as you think.”
“So, where are we at? Got a case, or a way to handle Chuck? Anything other than sitting in the bunker all day?”
Every night, Cas stood and watched as Dean fell to his knees. Every time Dean almost finished his prayer, Cas became overwhelmed with the sense that today would be the day that Dean finished the prayer. But that day never came.
The three men in the room looked at one another, Dean nodded to Cas and pulled out his phone. Sam and Cas could hear the numbers dialing as Dean left the kitchen.
“Nah bro, I’m a mechanic.”
Dean woke to an empty bed. He looked around at the clothes strewn across the motel room. He smiled, remembering what had happened last night. His good mood didn’t last long when he realized that he would be facing Sam soon, Sam who knew his “I just got laid” look. Thoughts of how he was going to handle that came crashing into his mind, and he curled into the blankets, gripping them tightly. He didn’t move until he heard the door to the motel open.
Dean walked back into the kitchen. “We’re on for tomorrow, noon. This is it. The end we’ve been fighting so hard to get to.”
Dean looked up at his brother, and smiled weakly. “We won but at what cost Sam? Cas should be here, Jack should be here. Not to mention all the others we have lost along the way.”
Cas stood there, listening to Dean’s every word. His eyes were filled with swirling emotions.
Cas and Jack stood in the empty space of Dean’s room. Jack smiled at Dean before opening the door and walking away. The door closed behind him and Dean was left staring into Cas’ steel blue eyes.
“Panties off, garter stays.” Dean breathed against Cas’ lips. Cas nodded in response and knelt to remove the panties from Dean’s body. He left kisses down Dean’s stomach and thighs, avoiding Dean’s leaking cock. Cas planted several kisses around the garter, loving the feeling of the silk against his lips and cheeks. Dean’s breathing was becoming more rapid and his hands had found their way to Cas’ hair.
The blueberry lemon pinwheels were next. The pastry sounded crisp as Paul cut through it. Dean swallowed as he watched both judges take their bites.
Thanks to Pyxyl and Banshee for beta'ing and correcting all the things :)
“Lift.” Dean said, and Cas lifted his hips to allow Dean to remove his pants and boxers.
Before he knew it, Dean’s timer went off. He looked through the glass of the oven and saw that the pastry looked like it was done. Fingers crossed, he pulled his danishes out of the oven. Both sets of 12 seemed like they were done and Dean sighed with relief.
As he stirred, Dean glanced to the station next to him. Cas seemed to be lost in creating lamination with his pastry. Dean watched in fascination as Cas did a book turn fold with his pastry. An interesting technical, but not one Dean would have chosen. Book folds can easily overwork the dough because it ends up having to be flatten more than an envelope folds. Lost in thought, Dean jumped as his timer went off. It was time for him to begin the lamination process himself.
He stood and left, leaving Dean and Cas alone at the table.
Dean made a strangled noise as two hands grasped firmly at his ass. “I took all the punches, so he would be worn out by the time he saw Sam. I don’t know how many times I went to bed busted up but at least Sammy was safe.”
When Cas woke the next morning, he shivered. Dean had stolen the covers during the night and was now wrapped in them on the edge of the bed. Cas chuckled, and got out of bed. He raided the duffel only to find Dean’s clothes and none of his own. He shrugged, and threw on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. He grabbed one of the keys and strolled out the door.
“Well Cas is a shortened version of my name.” Dean snorts out a laugh. “But I think there’s a kelpie taking victims from the lake.”
As the weeks passed, the plan they formed was always in the back of their minds. Pieces of the puzzle hadn’t quite fallen into place; players hadn’t appeared when they needed them too. But the three of them remained confident that it would all be okay; because that was the only way this could turn out.
Cas reached out to Dean, and gently removed him from the metal. “I won’t let you die, Dean.”
“Let’s shower, husband.” Dean said with a smile, winking as he said the word husband. Cas nodded, allowing Dean to take his hand and lead him to the shower.
Dean laid on the bed, head nestled among the pillows. Cas kneeled on the floor beside the bed, his hand reaching out to cover the handprint scar on Dean’s right shoulder.
“It doesn’t matter, they weren’t important.”
Dean grabbed his knees, drawing his legs towards his chest to give Cas better access. Cas poured more lube onto his hand and pumped his own cock a few times, coating it. He lined the head up to the entrance of Dean’s ass and leaned forward to kiss him. He used his lips as a distraction as the tip of his cock pressed into Dean.
Dean smiled, and watched as they both took their small bites. Mary chewed hers quickly and her eyes sparkled as they met his.
Cas looked down at Dean, his eyes desperate and he cried out, coming into his mouth. He panted heavily, his body shaking as he got lost in a dizzying high of pleasure.
"That's fine." Cas smoothed out his hair, then checked his pockets to make sure he had everything. "Are you ready?" He asked, doing his mandatory checks as he glanced out the door. The coast was clear.
Cas peered down at his phone as it buzzed, his heart clenching. He reached to grab it but he remembered Jo’s words and forced himself to decline the call. Dean didn't care. And Cas wasn't going to keep feeding into Dean’s fantasy and ruin his career further.
Cas found it hilarious but that was something he kept to himself. And sex with Brad was...fine. But  the douche named his penis and Cas was beyond done, not wanting to know the form of ridicule he’d receive if he ever told Dean that fact he’d left out.
Dean bucked his hips, rocking himself forward into Cas’ mouth until his pleasure overcame him. With a loud grunt, he came, spilling between Castiel’s lips. “Mmf...couldn’t help myself,” he breathed, his hips still shaking.
“Mm...pretty sure that’s already the case, sweetheart.” Dean’s eyes trailed slowly down to Cas’ cock. His breathing was nearly as heavy as Cas’ and he shifted, keeping his own steadily swelling cock trapped between his legs, trying to stay as still as possible.
"No, I'm not hungry," he answered bluntly, his shoulders squared. He was quite content to stand in the corner of some room and sulk for the rest of the day.
She swore her heart had just leapt up to lodge itself in her throat. She couldn't believe he was telling her this and she was so flattered. "I um...I mean- Castiel was nothing. I'm in charge; I can do whatever I want," she breathed out. Apparently, him telling her she was gorgeous meant that  any kind of morality went out the window.
Dean met him back at the hotel room a little while later, removing his sunglasses and hat.
about to demand an explanation when he felt Deans palm drag slowly over his crotch. Cas fell silent and squirmed a little, panting softly.
Dean climbed back up to rest his head upon Cas’ shoulder. He almost never had a strong desire to be close with someone after sex, but this felt different for some reason. He felt a lump begin to form in his throat when they made eye contact again...his eyes. Dean could write a song about them. But he wouldn’t. He never wrote love songs.
"You can raise your standards, Dean; you can have anyone you want. I am traveling so much, that one night stands with dumb fucks is the best I can get."
“Jo...I think you’re more of a liability than he is. You can’t fire someone because you’re jealous of them. Cas made me really happy, and if you actually cared about me, you’d want the best for me. I didn’t want to do this, but I didn’t see any other choice. Brad came back here and installed cameras again, so I’ve got a video of us tonight. I’m not gonna leak it anywhere or show it to anyone, but I have it. And if you give Cas his job back, I’ll delete it.”
"I will clean out my room," he told Crowley.
"If I wasn't so hard right now, I would choke you, I swear-" Cas grunted, pushing up into Dean's hand desperately. He didn't like to be teased. He wanted Dean to massage him, to stroke him. Do anything.
Dean nodded. “Ooh one of the
It was a little nudge to let Dean know he had been watching.
"I will be on your team because you need a set of hands. But that’s all," he eventually replied. He liked Dean, so very much. But he didn't want Dean to only like him out of pity or because he liked his dick.
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.” Dean chuckled and sat at the edge of the bed, eyes following the security guard around the room.
Dean murmured something unintelligible in reply, taking a moment to collect himself in the bathroom before he returned to her and climbed back into bed.
Dean kept them on as he walked back over to Cas. “You wanna buy anything? It’s on me. No offense, but you kinda look homeless walking next to me.”
Dean couldn’t help but laugh. “Come on, your hair’s soft. And long. Like a hippie.” He eyed the back shelf of designer sunglasses. It wasn’t like he needed a new pair, but it wouldn’t hurt to buy some while he was out. It was hardly the weather for it, but it’d disguise him a little more at least.
Cas leaned into him for a moment before retreating, squeezing Dean’s hand gently. He sleepily made his way to Dean’s room; all he could think about was falling asleep in his arms, kissing him slowly. He nudged open the door and removed his shoes, belt and jacket, yawning and dropping them aside.
Watching Dean squirm showed a level of vulnerability he hadn't seen before and he had this sudden urge. He wanted to fuck him, shove him into the bed and continue to make those needy moans pour from his lips. Cas leaned down to breath against Dean's ear, helping him push his jeans off as he pushed his clothed cock against Dean’s. "Ever been fucked before?” He growled softly.
Dean switched off the TV and sat on his bed while he waited for her. He smoothed his fingers along the sheets, tapping them against the mattress. The longer he waited, the more he realized that he really didn’t want to do this. But what was he supposed to say? That this was a failed attempt at reverse-psychology that hadn’t worked because Cas was just as committed and stubborn as he was? And besides, hotel employees weren’t there to be at his disposal, not that he truly realized that.
She peered down at him, completely entranced in his beautiful doe-like eyes. "Of course, Dean, anything," she told him without hesitation.
Dean climbed into bed and sat opposite him, leaning against the footboard and squeezing his thighs together as he kept his eyes locked on Cas. He already had a slight urge to touch himself and knew he likely wasn’t going to last.
“As I’ll ever be.” Dean sighed, stepping out of the room. Luckily, it was closed now so no one was around. And no one had bothered to check last night and kick them out. “Okay, so how are we gonna climb out the window? Am I gonna have to get on your shoulders or something?”
Dean held his breath for a moment, trying to quell his excitement. But with the praise and commanding demeanor Cas has now taken on, it was nearly impossible. He let his arms go limp, squeezing his hands into fists, then relaxing them as he was cuffed to the headboard. The slap to his thighs made him shiver and his eyes trailed slowly down Cas’ body as he got close.
"Ugh, why are you so vile? Is everything about sex with you?" He added.
Dean was quickly ushered back into the limo to head to the after party he’d nearly forgotten about. He pulled out his phone, smiling when he saw he had another text from Cas.
“Let’s see here...why the fuck did you put a camera in my hotel room? How did you even manage to do it? Why are you following me around Europe? And why are you trying to blackmail me?”
movies is on. You ever seen those? They’re absolute garbage, and the best media I’ve ever seen.” He laughed.
"I will keep telling myself it won't happen again, but you are right." He sighed, letting his eyes fall closed. It was what it was. And he wanted to do it again and again, and keep telling himself it was harmless. That this meant nothing to him. But deep, deep down he knew that wasn't true.
And then he felt the kisses, and his head started to spin. He wanted to roll over and grab Cas and kiss him senseless, feel the heat of his lips against his own, but he was in the process of getting fucked, and that was the point of this, wasn’t it? Not to get closer to Cas. Just to get off.
Dean sighed upon reading the response. He really didn’t want to leave the hotel again, but for Cas, he’d do anything. He got up, changing into his ‘sneaking around’ outfit that he’d worn to meet Brad and checked his phone. It was nearly 3 in the morning, probably not the best time to be alone outside, but he didn’t care. He snuck out the back entrance again, plugging the address into google maps on his phone, and walking there.
Cas leaned down and, using his pinky finger, picked up a lacy hello kitty g-string. Classy. "I assume these are not yours?"
Cas rolled his erect nipple between his thumb and index finger, nice and slow as he massaged it. He slipped his other hand from his hair and used that one to tease his other nipple, grinding his ass a little against the sheets.
“Oh, this is super family friendly,” he smirked, but the expression on his face was immediately changed to a soft moan.
Watching Cas in the midst of pleasure like that was almost too much for him, and his moans were beautiful. He continued to work over him, faster as his thumb massaged over the tip.
"All mine." He growled, leaning down to nibble and bite at Dean’s earlobe, moving his hips at an excruciatingly slow pace. His tongue slid over the shell of his ear with a pleased hum.
A soft, involuntary whimper fell from Dean’s lips as he heard his question. He slid his hand into Cas’ boxers, lightly caressing his cock as he responded. “Mm. Pretty sure I’ve done just about every sex act you can think of. But that doesn’t mean I’ve been fucked good.” He chuckled lowly, helping him undress completely, then grinding his hips again. Fuck. That felt good.
"Dean. It's okay." Cas reached out, his voice soft as he brushed his hand over Dean’s shoulder momentarily.
"I felt the same way, and I'm so glad I did. Got to feel your cock. How could I forget one of my favorite lays? Your big cock fucking into me." Cas whimpered.
“Thank you,” Dean murmured. He loved interacting with his fans, but it was exhausting and sometimes he wanted to just be left alone. Once the crowd dispersed, he kept Cas in front of him as a shield, walking with his head down.
Thank you for your patience, everyone! I hope to be back to regularly updating again. - Moose
“Mmf...” Everything about Cas made him moan. His words, his hot breath, his perfectly timed thrusts and the grip of his fingers on his hips. Dean was done for. He let out a near scream when his prostate was struck, his ass clenching around him again as his breathing grew ragged.
It didn’t take much for Dean to become a squirming, panting mess beneath Cas, moaning around his fingers as he licked them clean and raising his chest. He reached down, undoing his jeans and raising his hips to push them down, giving Cas more room.
“Mm...y-yes,” he murmured, hardly able to speak.
“Still think it’d be a good place. Families my ass. How many people you think fucked in here?”
“No. Take your shoes off and sit next to me. I won’t bite. I just...it’s easier for me to fall asleep if I’ve got someone beside me.”
“I’ll take that as a no. C’mon, let’s find somewhere else to hide.” He put his hands on Cas’ shoulders, standing behind him and guiding him out of the store.
“I’d be happy to do you.” Dean smirked a little at his poor joke, taking the soap from Cas and leaning into his touch for a moment before he began to wash down his chest.
Cas had picked himself up and climbed back into bed. He was shirtless, his hair tousled and his sweatpants low on his hips. He was half-sprawled under the sheets, watching mindless videos on his phone as he heard the doorknob rattle. He placed his phone down and sat up, the sheet pooling around his waist.
Dean let out a soft “oof” when Cas landed on him, but he was fine. Gratefully, he wrapped him up in his arms, pressing his lips blindly to any part of Cas that he could reach.
“Thank you.” Dean’s eyes lit up. “You have no idea how much that means to me. Thank you, Cas.” His smile faltered a little. “But this means that we can’t really hang out anymore without another guard present. Like...I thought we could explore Rome together tomorrow. Maybe they’d make an exception, unless you have to work.” He sighed. This was going to be complicated now.
"That blonde on your security. Uh, Jo something? And I don't know why. I just did what I was asked, and got paid."
"He was awful. He kept asking about you, actually. He was so loud, my whole floor probably heard. He had never been fucked before so that was my own damn fault; I should have gagged him. The kissing was good when he finally stopped talking but the sex was, alright." He looked over at Dean briefly. "I know people.”
It was like their own dirty secret, being tucked away under a light veiling of clothes. "Mm-" Cas breathed out in response, his gaze dropping to meet Dean’s eye line. He had such stunning green eyes? Why was it only now Cas saw it?
Cas' lips parted just a touch, his long lashes fluttered together a little as a very slight whimper of pleasure fell from his delicious lips. "Hng-"
“But how about you? How was your evening with megadouche?”
Cas felt his nerves bubbling up and he so desperately wanted to flee, but he forced himself into the conference room and sat down, his heart almost exploding out of his chest. Crowley unbuttoned his stiff suit jacket and closed the door behind them.
“Oh, don’t think I can see it.” Dean squinted. “Oooh, that huge thing right in my face? Ohhhh. Let’s go.” Yeah, he was at the immature stage of being obnoxious for no reason at that point. He clapped Cas on the back, then started over. “Are we gonna have to wait in a long ass line for this?”
“Mm.” Dean leaned forward and kissed him gently. “But now you get to torture me a little, so I think this worked out in your favor. But just out of curiosity, what would you have done if you won?”
“How much is Jo paying you?” An idea began to form in Dean’s mind. If she wanted to play dirty, he’d do the same. “I’ll pay you double to come back with me and install a camera in my room.”
Dean smirked, opening the box to reveal a container of chocolate mousse.
“Uh huh.” Dean stood, walking over to his suitcase and pulling out some clothes so he could get dressed. He didn’t care about Cas seeing him naked, but every time Dean watched him actively look away while he was changing, it made him laugh.
Cas stood close by, his eyes observing the store mostly for any kind of threat or possible annoyance to his client. He at least kept himself entertained, eyes scanning for exits and playing a number game in his head.
“You’re damned right I am.” Dean gritted his teeth as soon as he felt Cas brush against him and he arched his back, clenching and trying to keep himself from finishing so he could enjoy as much as he could. “Fuck! Fuck...Cas. Oh my god...”
“First off, I really did not mean to call you. I didn’t even know I had until I got your voicemail. But uh...guess I deserved it after what I sent you.” He shook his head. “Fuck. She was really hot. Like, blonde, huge tits, probably fake but I don’t care. But my god...she wouldn’t shut up. I had to put my hand on her mouth. She called me old, had a bunch of trashy tattoos. Like one right on her ass that said ‘princess.’ And she only let me do anal because she’s ‘saving herself for marriage’ or some bullshit. And she had a boyfriend apparently. And like, it was fine. I got off. She didn’t because I was just kinda done with her. I dunno.”
"Are you alright if I order something as well?" He asked, leaning over to the hotel phone and placing an order for the both of them.
"Of course. I have no interest in pursuing this any further. Otherwise, I  just look like a dick who leaked a sex tape," he muttered.
Dean smiled a little and got up, retrieving the flowers that were now a little crushed and wilted, and the container of mousse and brought them back over to Cas.
“Mr. Winchester? You’re suddenly so formal.” Dean tried to keep his voice light, but the tone between them had shifted so suddenly. Cas was back to acting like he was when they’d first met. “Okay. I’ll miss you.”
, shrouded in sweat and muscle.
Dean let out a soft sigh. “I probably should head back, but I really don’t want to. Besides, what’re they gonna do, fire the security guard who let me escape? That’d be Meg.”
Dean knew he couldn’t win this, so he hung his head and removed his sunglasses, slipping them into his pocket. “So who’s gonna be their replacement?”
“Oh my god! Is that Dean Winchester?”
“Uh...no. I never order my own breakfast.” Dean sighed. “Whatever. Guess I’m doing it this time.” He plopped onto the bed and picked up the phone, over-exaggerating how annoyed he looked with having to do this simple task, and called room service.
Cas wanted to blame the alcohol as he slid his finger between Dean’s cheeks and pushed it inside slowly, but he couldn't. He was sober, but fucked up on lust. What had Dean done to him? He moved his finger slowly still before pushing in a second, moving to kneel behind Dean as he slapped his ass with his free hand, scissoring him open. As he slid in a third, he leaned over Dean and bit along his shoulder blade, kissing along the skin.
Dean chuckled, picking them up from where they’d fallen onto the bed and ate them. “Thanks for the fries.” He reached over and grabbed his beer, sipping at it. “Mm. But come on, I know that’s how you feel about me too.”
Dean raised an eyebrow, not expecting that question. “You obviously didn’t look up my Wikipedia page before taking this job.” He laughed a little. “Yeah. I’ve got a younger brother. He’s...oh god...I guess 19 now? We haven’t really spoken in a while.”
Cas didn't bother drying down, squeezing out the ends of his hair to ring it out the best he could, each droplet sliding down over his already wet body that had a slight sheen to it. "How about I touch myself, and if I get off before you touch me, you win, but if you break and give in, I win." He smirked, beckoning Dean to come closer.
"Tomorrow is my day off. So you will have another guard taking care of you. I don't think hanging out would be a good idea. Plus, I'm sure someone else would enjoy your company."
Dean let out a loud cry, his fingers slipping through Cas’ dark hair as the tugs turned into more forceful yanks. His back arched, his cock twitching in Cas’ mouth before he came down his throat.
"Yeah. Fucking sexy." He moaned, his breath hot against Dean's neck. He would go faster; he just had to find that bundle of nerves that would have Dean coming and screaming for more. He rolled his hips, adjusting them bit by bit until he found it.
“Why, are we not trying to maintain a professional relationship? Cas seems so informal.” Dean smirked, glad Cas had finally obliged.
It took Cas a second, his brain whirring before halting in his mind
“Don’t apologize, Castiel. I offered.” Dean rolled away from him, pulling the covers over his head to burrow into them and closed his eyes. He was too tired to think about the consequences of what just happened. He’d deal with it later, if at all.
"Mm, that does sound fun, having your tongue all over me..." Cas trailed off.
Cas’ plea for him was music to his ears and he shuddered a little from the desperation in his voice. “Hm?” His thumb brushed over his slit, trailing down to trace along the underside as his other hand worked quicker.
A smirk spread across Dean’s lips as he realized he’d won. “You made a dangerous choice, Novak.” He crawled over to him, clicking his tongue. “Look at the mess you’ve made.”
“Goodnight,” he murmured, gliding his fingers through his hair.
Jo lay back against the bedsheets, her heart pounding as she stared up at the ceiling. She smiled a little to herself. She’d done it. Now with Castiel out of the way, she could have Dean all to herself.
Once the movie ended, Dean turned to look at Cas, clearing his throat. “Y’know, we both had mediocre to terrible sex tonight, right? And maybe a few months from now, it’ll be a great story, but for right now, I’ve got a Hello Kitty g-string in my trash can and I don’t find a single thing about that funny. I had my face buried in a blue butterfly tattoo that would’ve looked classier as a tramp stamp and a girl that was on the verge of calling me granddaddy while I fucked her ass. I don’t wanna have to ever do that again. And I know what you’re gonna say. It’s my fault. I could’ve gotten some other girl, like that brunette that just walked in here looking like she smelled the worst fart in history instead of plastic Paris Hilton, for example. Anyways, my point is, don’t you think I owe it to myself to erase that traumatic experience with good sex?”
“Yes, mother.” Dean rolled his eyes and reached down to unlace his boots, slipping them off before returning his feet to the couch.
When Dean was finished washing him, he slid his hands over Cas’ ass and pressed their chests together. “So much muscle. That’s why I wanted to lick you all over.” He chuckled.
Once dressed in a pair of jeans and a plain t-shirt, Dean sat on the edge of his bed, waiting for room service. “You just gonna stand there and make sure the door doesn’t jump out and hit me?” He asked.
Her words hurt a little bit, but he ignored it. He was on a mission. And he wasn’t lying after all. He did think she was very pretty, on the outside, at least. His mouth curled into a small smile. “So you can be a rebel sometimes, huh? Never woulda guessed.” He sat up and tenderly cupped her face in his hands, drawing her in to meet his lips.
“No, that’d be an improvement.” Dean snorted. “Fine. I’m offering you free clothes here. Take it or leave it.”
"All employees have been let go except for Meg. She was the only one who alerted me to what happened. She will be taking Jo’s position and you will have a new security team in place for the show tonight."
Dean nodded, Cas’ moans making him shudder as he obediently rolled onto his stomach and raised his ass in the air. He turned his head to sneak a glance at Cas as he prepared, another shudder running through his body. He couldn’t believe this was happening.
“Uh huh. That’s what got me through it, hoping I’d get to come here and see you afterwards. Call me cheesy. I don’t care.” Dean chuckled, rolling off of him and laying beside him.
“Mm, because you’d probably get in trouble if anyone saw you with bruises on your neck.” Dean felt his breath catch in his throat when his eyes met Cas’. They were a gorgeous, startling blue and he hadn’t really noticed before.
“Okay.” Dean chewed his lip in uncertainty.
“I’m in my sweatpants. I’m not going anywhere for the rest of the night.” Dean laughed softly. This was becoming sort of a game. “I think you should call room service again and, assuming it’s not Kandii, I ask to fuck whoever brings it and you stand guard. What do you think?”
“That is pretty fucking hot.” Dean smirked a little, tilting his head back. “Mhm. It’s too bad I can’t give you one. But you’re free to mark me up all you want. No one’ll ask questions.”
Dean let out a sigh. This was Jo all over again, but a thousand times worse. He was going to develop PTSD from that damn conference room. He shuffled his feet as he walked in, muttering every swear word under the sun beneath his breath, then took a seat.
"So, I am sure you know where this is headed, gentlemen." He took a seat across from them and his eyes fell on Cas, who refused to look up from the table.
Dean’s eyes widened a little as he glanced down at Cas, parting his legs and leaning back against the couch cushion.
There was that nickname again, the one that made Cas' knees go weak. He tried to not let it disrupt his rhythm. "Well now you can see what it was like for me as your bodyguard. Watching, not able to touch." He slipped his finger over his tip and let out a moan, pressing his head back into the headboard.
Cas peeled himself off the tiles and washed his face before realizing that this wasn't even his room. But he was naked. Oh god---he seemed to snap out of his daze quickly, peeking out of the room.
Cas stood by, having gone silent. If Dean had made any hint of a move on him, it might have been different. But he had made it clear. He wanted to fuck a hotel employee, so that’s what Cas gave him. "A reminder, Mr. Winchester. I will not be standing guard for you tomorrow. Jo has assigned David to keep guard instead," He said sternly, unmoving.
Dean moved to his right side, licking slowly along his inner thigh until he reached his hip, sucking firmly at the skin there for a few seconds. He traced his tongue over the hickey once he was finished, proud of his work.
“Thank you. You might be the first person to have sex with me for reasons other than my fame. And that uh...well, I didn’t think it’d make a difference, but if kinda does.”
It was only when he was awake enough that his brain tipped over and he went into a panic.
He finally gathered himself enough to seem rather casual, trying to keep the really dumb smile from his face. He flopped down on the bed next to Dean. "Well, that was better than earlier," He breathed out. Better was a definite understatement. Incredible? Fucking amazing? World shattering?
“Meh,” Dean replied with a smirk, scooting over to rest his head on Cas’ chest. “Better than earlier really isn’t saying much, though. But you beat ‘princess’ ass tattoo for sure.” He chuckled, raising his head to meet Cas’ eyes.
"I use it to help me sleep; sometimes my insomnia has me up all night. I would ever do it while I'm on the job. Although maybe I would working for you, because fuck, you are high maintenance," Cas teased.  "I also smoke in general. But mostly just as a relaxing technique." He didn’t know why he was telling Dean these things he probably didn’t care about; he just...felt like something changed. Their awful evenings had left them in a state of vulnerability with each other.
“Yeah, Dean Winchester. I know. I know. Uhh, waffles I guess. And coffee. Thanks.” He hung up, looking over at Cas. “So...you left last night, after I asked you to stay. And no one called in my breakfast this morning. I thought I was finally getting through to you, but I guess not.”
Cas chuckled, as amusing as that would be to witness..."No, dumbass. Usually places like this have windows in the bathroom. Won't be too hard to climb onto a lid and climb out.” He did another sweep before quietly making his way to the far south of the room, where from the layout, was the most possible place where toilets would be.
“You sound so excited,” Dean murmured, grabbing his coffee off the nightstand and taking a sip. “What would you rather be doing, sleeping? Plotting my murder?” He smirked.
He pulled back, looking up at her as he slid her shorts and  panties down. “Alright. How do you want me?”
“Oh, god...this whole thing just sounds like it’s gonna ruin my suit. I shoulda brought a change of clothes or something.” Dean sighed, walking down the stairs and toward the back of the club until he found a sign for the bathrooms and motioned Cas over.
Cas looked up at Dean from the floor. "Yes." He was lightly buzzed and claustrophobic, and his patience was wearing thin.
"You eat like you just got out of prison. Not sure if you hate that burger or you want to fuck it," He commented, gently lifting off the top of his bun to add fries to it.
“Mm...okay.” Dean bit his lip, walking over to Cas. He knew he wasn’t likely to win this game, but he still wanted to play. “Am I allowed to touch myself? And what’s the winner’s prize?”
He broke into a run on the street, heading to the closest restaurant that was still open and ordering a large container of mousse to go. He then checked his phone for Cas’ address and plugged it into his phone. He could walk there...but he wanted to run, to get there as fast as he could. So he did.
Dean nodded. “No, it wouldn’t be professional. But if you find yourself in last night’s situation again, which I’m sure you will...it’ll stop you from potentially doing something less professional.” He chuckled. “So...I don’t mind. Just to help you out.”
"But what if this had been someone else that caught us? What if you got hurt because I wasn't engaged in my job? Look, that's all kinds of messed up, but why do you want me back as your personal security guard anyway? You will find someone else, alright?"
Dean couldn’t get enough of the way Cas moaned for him, his lips sucking along the strip of skin he’d just licked over, making a line of hickeys along his abdomen. “Mm...look at you,” he breathed, reaching down to smooth his thumb over the head of his cock as he felt it hard against his stomach.
“No problem.” Dean couldn’t help but think that he looked kind of cute when he blushed. Cas was attractive. He wasn’t going to deny that. And the forbiddenness of the situation made him even more appealing to Dean.
"Security guard with benefits. I understand, Dean; it's okay." He smiled softly, his eyelashes fluttering open as he tilted his head to look at Dean properly. He adjusted himself on the mattress a little, letting out a content sigh.
“Oh my god...” Dean had his breath knocked out of him and he struggled to stop his knees from buckling as soon as he felt Cas enter him. “Fuck...am I?” He groaned, hearing him talk like that drove Dean crazy. He pushed his ass back to meet every thrust, his head tossing back. “Faster, please...”
“One of your favorites?” Dean raised an eyebrow. “Guess I’ll have to do better then to reach that top spot.” He shifted again. “You gonna let me win, Cas? You gonna come?”
Dean smiled still against her lips, his hands reaching up so he could gently glide his fingers through her hair. “Mm,” he hummed, letting the kiss deepen as he flicked his tongue out across the seam of her lips.
Dean shrugged. “It was fine. They weren’t happy that I wouldn’t have sex, but I think they still had a good time.”
"You hired my services to keep you safe. Guarded. But I see now that although we have had great success in protecting you up to this point, our new little recruit has become a security threat. He will be terminated from my agency as well as Jo. She is a liability to our work and instead will be replaced.”
Cas had had breakfast at that point, pretty much waiting for Dean, but when he hadn't come downstairs yet, he got a little worried. Not that he would ever admit that out loud.
Ugh, he couldn't remember it anyway. Well, bits and pieces maybe, but nothing he really wanted to relive. He collected his clothes and as if to marry his shame and pity, he found he had left a drunken voicemail for Dean. Thank god he would be gone in the morning.
Dean scooted over to sit beside him. “No, come on. I need more than that. I told you all about my awful experience. I was with the dude last night. I know he was...interesting. And how the hell did you get him into a VIP party?”
"Dean. Whiskey is a strong alcohol; stop shotting it.” He scowled, knowing he would be the one having to drag Dean's half-dead self home.
"Or maybe I should keep all of this just for you," Cas murmured, his fingers teetering up to brush over Deans muscular shoulders, massaging them gently.
Dean followed behind him. It was back to business as usual, he supposed, and he kept his head down as he walked to try and avoid anyone’s attention. He particularly was not in the mood to interact with fans at the moment.
"I received a call yesterday evening stating that my security team had....misplaced Mr. Winchester. But I see that he did have supervision after all." His voice was slow, his words careful and concise.
“Fuck.” Cas wasn’t going to pick up, was he? He had to text him.
“I did...I’m sorry.” Dean glanced down at the table, hoping he hadn’t just made everything worse. “I’m sorry, but I’m glad I did it. Because it solidified for me what having feelings for someone is like. And if I had a journal, you’d be scribbled all over it. But I don’t. I just write songs. And I’m supposed to debut a new one after every few shows because I’m working on a new album...but all I can write now are romantic songs. And I’ve never really written songs like that before and I don’t know how my fans are gonna respond to it, but I write what I feel.”
“If that was your way of getting me to shut up, it worked.” Dean laughed, panting hard as he tried to catch his breath. He glanced down at Cas. “You’re pretty damn good at that...”
“Ooh, is that my breakfast? Bring it over.” He perked up, eyeing the cart.
Cas just shook his head and looked at him like,
“They were thrown onstage tonight and I thought you might like them,” Dean explained.
With that promise, Dean was able to completely relax. He melted against Cas’ touch and soon drifted off into a light, peaceful sleep, his face pressed into Cas’ shoulder.
"Same. I hate sleeping alone," she replied, although that wasn't entirely true. She slipped her shoes off and sat up next to Dean as requested.
"No need, Castiel." He gestured towards his bag in the corner of the room.
Cas let out a pleased moan at the question, swallowing down Dean’s cock. His tongue caressed the skin, lapping up the mousse and sucking hard, swallowing the chocolate liquid. His hands squeezed Dean's thighs, relishing in the taste.
"Yes, I do want to stop. It's not like you have few options." He muttered. It shouldn't matter; Cas would just have to find another way to relieve himself. Dean was just annoying. And charming. And attractive. Damn it. He could just pretend he wasn't into it. Why was it so hard to? He wanted to service Dean; maybe it was confidence? Cas didn't know. But he didn't care. This wouldn't happen again. Hopefully.
“I’ll pay you when it’s done.” Dean handed him his room key. “I’ve gotta go see if I can figure out this bank situation, but I’ll meet you there.” He got up, putting his hood and sunglasses back on.
Dean clenched his fists. Of course Jo was behind this. His blood was boiling. “Are there cameras in my room now? Do you have access to it?”
Dean nodded. “I really want to kiss you right now, like we’re some couple in an action movie about to break for a mission, but we probably don’t have time for that, so…”
Cas let out a soft, muffled reply as he comfortably fell into a warm rest, shrouded in so much warmth and happiness that he swore he could have died right there and been content with it.
When Cas woke the next morning, he was still in a dreamy, love-filled daze of the world  consisting only of Dean and himself. He smiled sleepily as he sat up, pressing a kiss to Dean’s chest.
"Wait, you read my journal?" His mind seemed to have stopped there. He flipped through the hundreds of stupid things he wrote and drew. His heart was all over the pages. Dean. It was full of Dean. His eyes, his lips, his face. Poetry, lyrics, stupid doodled hearts like some kind of dumb teenager. He wasn't angry at Dean; he couldn't be. He was the one who handed him the journal willingly. His cheeks almost climbed to being as red as the tomato sauce, his whole face blazing with utter embarrassment. He was an idiot. The rest of Dean’s heartfelt words would hit him later, but in that moment that stupid journal was all he could think about
He probably shouldn't have, but he couldn't help himself. What did Cas love more than blowjobs, was the cum that came after. He caught Dean's wrist and licked his palm clean, sliding one of Dean's fingers inside his mouth for a moment, his tongue caressing the skin before pulling it out.
Dean reached out to take his hand. “Well, you’ve got your job back, but I don’t know what I can do about the rest. But hey, I’ve been there. We all have. It’s okay. I’m the king of getting wasted and doing dumb shit.” He chuckled. “And honestly, I’m not proud of some stuff I’ve done tonight too, and I did it sober.”
“Damn.” Dean whistled as he looked around. He plopped onto the couch, looking out through the glass window. “This would be such a cool place for one of my parties...”
“Fucking hell...” Cas was driving him insane. “You are really something else.” He grabbed Castiel’s hips, pulling him forward and onto the couch beside him. Leaning over, he brushed  his hand against the crotch of his pants, biting his lip.
