He drops his hand. It’s still shaking. He’s shaking everywhere. He pulls back, sharp, throwing himself back into his seat. His seatbelt clicks tight around him; he never unbuckled it. He takes a big gulp of air. It still feels like he can’t breathe. He sits there and stares down at his lap, feeling like he’s going to be sick; he’s got a death grip on the steering wheel, like holding it tight enough will get him to calm down. It doesn’t.
Paper snowflakes from the elementary school kids hang taped up in the windows. Dean can hardly see a thing through them. He peers through the safety-scissor cut holes, waiting for Cas to pull up. It’s almost impossible to see anything in the parking lot, especially with the snow coming down. It’s not sticking yet, at least. But everyone can already tell it’s going to make for a hell of a cold night.
Dean grins. “Alright, then. I’ll meet you by the front door, okay?”
“Perfect! I’ll get that all taken care of for ya. You have a good day now, sweetheart. And say ‘hi’ to your brother for me.” She’s still got that lipstick on her teeth.
They talk mindlessly and without meaning, about the teachers they love and the classes they hate, the math homework they’ve lost sleep over and the books they read in English class that weren’t half bad. Dean finds out that Cas does talk, and quite a lot, if you bring up books. It seems he’s read every damn book on the planet. It would make him feel inadequate if it weren’t for Cas’s enthusiasm. He’s never seen him like this— actually happy for once.
“Honestly? No. They all look the same to me, man.”
“Of course,” he says, “And I mean that— you can get a ride from me anytime.”
” and there it is, in glorious red ink, a
“Did you know Castiel Novak is back in town?”
“Yeah, well,” Dean blushes, staring into his empty cup, “Didn't want to say goodbye, I guess.”
“Hey, Cas,” he says, rolling the passenger window down just low enough that his voice can be heard outside of it. Rain gets in through the crack anyways. “What the fuck at you doing out here, man?”
Dean watches as Cas types his number in with the same sharp concentration he applies to everything else. His breath comes out like white fog. Snowflakes gather in his hair.
He wanted to casually mention it to Castiel in tutoring that day, bring it up like it was no big deal when he’d inevitably ask him about it, but he’s so goddamn happy that he can’t keep it in.
“Can you see it now?” Cas’s hand is still on his and it’s warm and so much softer than his own. He has the roughest hands he ever knew; even the farm kids had a softer touch.
“My father would never let me. And I never quite saw the appeal of it, I suppose.”
The rain pounds down in sheets. The baseball mound runs muddy and slick, water flooding into the crevices between the rock and lying on top of the bits of earth it can’t soak through. Give it an hour and the whole field will be a marshland.
Dean got there early, right when the snow started,  grabbing his James Dean both before any of the dinner rush crowd could snag it. He wonders if this is what Cas meant when he said to meet him here. Hopefully he’s not getting snowed on out the parking lot waiting for him. He sips on a cup of hot coffee, his first decent cup of the day, hoping the cup he got for Cas won’t go cold before he gets there.
What about your promotion?”
“Tutoring is fine,” Cas says curtly, politely. Dean wonders how many conversations he’s had with someone his own age.
Dean pauses, hand on the combination lock. “Yeah, why?” He twists it to the left, to the right, and it springs open. He grabs his math textbook and replaces it by cramming in his English notes.
He holds his hand up to touch his face. It takes a moment. “Cas,” he whispers. God, his hand is shaking.
It’s a Thursday when it happens. He’s sitting there in the back row of Mr. Johnson’s class, feeling the slight chill that comes with sitting next to the window and staring at the white and yellow tiles on the floor as Mr. Johnson’s footsteps make their way across the room, handing out their latest graded test. The room is dead silent. Scattered raindrops make their way down the window. The last thing he wants is to see that way he nearly folds the paper in half in his hand when he hands it back to him, trying to obscure the grade from anyone’s vision. It was a useless trick; everyone knew that if you got your test handed back that way you definitely failed and were probably an idiot. At least, that’s the way it always felt to Dean.
“Nah man, I’m baseball all the way. The Royals are number one.” He and Sammy got to see a game once, back in freshman year when Dean managed to scrape up enough money for scalped tickets—  shitty ones too, the ones way up in the nosebleeds. Sammy had to lean over the railing just to see what was going on and they watched the Jumbotron more than they did the actual field. It was one of the best days of his life.
He doesn’t mean it to be funny but Dean laughs, he honest to God laughs. “Dude, you weren’t even paying attention! You never noticed, not even once.”
“Enjoy your breakfast,” she said, and they both thanked her.
Dean nodded and sat down on the couch with his own breakfast, Sam following him a second later.
Dean felt Cas grip his hand more tightly, almost painfully.
He hears a car horn beep, and looks behind him to see Sam’s car park next to the Impala, the hybrid looking like an overgrown bug on the grass. Confused he wipes away sawdust from the small countertop in the front left corner and closes the door behind him.
"I made chicken wings. I figured finger food would be practical, and I know you told me you really liked them." Cas turned and walked into the kitchen, while Dean sat and waited, stomach going crazy with a frankly ridiculous amount of butterflies.
Dean raises his eyebrows. “What do you mean?”
"Seeing you hurt is my worst fucking nightmare, okay? I would have left you alone if I had died back then with Amara and our whole fantastic soul bomb plan, and you would have been alone and I can't stand thinking about that. I can't. They took you and hurt you over and over again because I wasn't quick enough to find you. You were hurt because I was too slow, too wrapped up in the fact that Mom is back, just.. fuck, man. It was too much but YOU were the one who had to pay for it and I hate myself every day for that. For every single time that you got hurt because I didn't do my job right."
Dean hesitates. “You know we open in like an hour, right?”
Cas held up a hand. "I'm aware, Dean, yes. But I also know that only non-violent or first offender crimes give you community service, so it was clear to me you weren't dangerous. Also, Ben would've never let you come to my house if he saw you as a threat in any way."
Dean's chest is awash with the warm feeling of home and family, watching Cas make a sandwich while Sam is undoubtedly fighting with the water kettle for his green tea in his room.
"What happened? Why did you disappear and uh," he swallowed before continuing, "come back hurt? Who did this?"
Thank you to everyone who read this work so far and liked it, subscribed to it or left a comment.
His excitement was short lived, because the screen door hadn't opened. Cas would stay inside.
Dean's heart surged at the suggestions. He ached to be physically close to Cas. Holding Cas or being held by him was a balm, and he was just glad that Cas loved cuddling and physical affection as much as he did.
Cas opened his mouth to reply, but then suddenly slumped forward. Dean managed to catch him but almost tripped over himself. After a few seconds of fumbling, he got a secure hold on Cas.
Cas pulls back to look at him. “It won’t.” There’s a tear sneaking down his cheek, and Dean’s thumb catches it.
"Hey Cas, how was your nap?" Sam laughed at the angel's disheveled look. Cas just glared at him and sat down in the chair next to Dean. He wrapped both of his hands around the mug and leaned back.
Cas looked at him through hooded eyes, his gaze dull and unfocused. He reached out and touched Dean's shoulder.
Cas is half-turned away from him, taking off his ruined slacks and nudging them to the side with his foot. His socks are next, then his briefs. He stands up straight again, watching Dean watch him. There’s trust in his eyes, his expression softened.
“Yes. None of the hunters need me to help with their anxiety, or depression, they need help with trauma. So,” Cas pauses, “I want to apply to universities to study clinical psychology. I’ll need a Ph.D, and it’s gonna take a while, but I want to do it.”
"Me too," he said. "My dad, or Sam. Sometimes my mom too. Can be pretty fucked up, and I don't love having them."
“I should call Inias back. He said the funeral is in two days.” Gabriel stood up straight and took off his shirt, leaving him in only his dress pants and shoes.
Sam shrugged. "I didn't know how hungry Cas would be," he said. "Better safe than sorry."
They hold each other for a moment, and Dean can't fight the slight tickle in his mind, the reminder that there's
. There’s fire that glimmers down to a groundwork warmth, enveloping everything Dean’s feeling. It lays over the ache in his muscles, the pain of his wounds, the agony of his mind. It soothes despite its ability to ignite, choosing this time to heal and comfort. He lets it wash over him fully.
He throws all his shit onto the floor of the car when he gets to her, careful not to get the leather seats wet. He just had them detailed last week. The water runs like a river down the windshield, blurring everything in sight. For a moment there’s a bright flash of lightning. The storm’s moving in. He starts her up and there’s that cold blast of air that comes before the old heater starts to kick in. His teeth are clattering.
Dean whistles. “You sure got a whole helluva a lot more outta that movie than I did.”
He flings the back room door wide open, triumphantly declaring “I got a C+!”
Cas squints into the sunlight as they make their way across the parking lot, his vision not quite yet adjusted either. “I’m not sure its depiction of the American West is entirely accurate, but I admired the story. It was very interesting. Almost biblical.”
There it is again, that hundred-yard stare Cas has. The one that’s probably meant to be intimidating, and might be if you didn’t know him better, like Dean does.
Cas gives him an exasperated look that shouldn’t make him smile as much as it does. “Yes, Dean; it’s the big white dot.”
“Alright,” Dean mumbles.
“‘Night, Cas.” It comes out like a rasp. He hears Cas close the car door. He wants to never see him again and for him to turn around and come right back. He has no fucking clue what he wants.
“Hey, you hungry?” Dean asks, taking a left at the intersection, “‘Cause I’m starvin’. Why don’t we stop by Betty’s for something to eat?”
It’s within a few minutes as they drive past empty fields, past the old barn that used to belong to Mr. O'Connor until he up and died one day, letting the place run to ruins, and past the lamppost on 164th Street that juts out just a little too far on the curve and is single-handedly the cause of at least half the car accidents in Lawrence (at least, Dean assumes that, given the number of times he’s almost wrecked his own car there) until the unmistakable white house begins to show itself amongst the trees. When they reach the wooden ‘no trespassing’ sign Cas tells him to stop. Dean kills the ignition in the opening of the driveway.
Betty was right. The whole goddamn sky is glowing. It seems so big and Dean feels so small sitting there behind Mr. O’Connor’s barn, looking up above him, knowing now that he’s looking at something that is so far away that it might even be dead by the time he’s seeing this light. It’s such a rare gift, looking out into the past like this. He suddenly gets the desire to understand it, the vastness of it all and the insignificance of themselves when compared to it. Lawrence always felt small, but now it’s not even a speck in the nothingness. This is an oddly comforting idea.
Dean stops. A loose paper on
Dean doesn’t tell him that he feels all wound up like a tight string, that he would’ve run for hours and hours in the storm if he could. Run until he aches, run until he’s crouched down and vomiting on the side of the track, rain be damned. Without it the anger has nowhere to go. He has no choice but to keep it inside of him.
Dean parks just before the driveway, car hidden away behind a big oak, one that’d been there long before the house on the hill was ever built and one that’ll be there long after it’s gone. Cas left the porchlights on it looks like and he can see them glow, no bigger than two small dots in the distance.
The trailers are for a bunch of dumb shit Dean couldn’t care about but might end up watching later out of boredom. There’s always a comedy, a romance, and an action film, and they always look terrible. Maybe they won’t be as bad as they seem; who knows? Good entertainment is hard to come by these days.
“Thanks,” Dean says, still grinning as he throws his arm around him. “We should get something to celebrate. You eaten anything?”
“In what way?”
“You invited me,” Cas says simply, like he’s stating a fact.
His favorite booth is near the back and off to the left, and is just isolated enough for him to be left alone most of the time. On the wall above it is a framed picture of James Dean. When he was a kid Dean worshipped the guy and looked at that picture with a reverence like he was the Virgin Mary or Jesus Christ himself. He actually probably knows more about James Dean than Jesus when he thinks about it. And besides, savior or not, Jesus never wore a leather jacket and drove beautiful sports cars.
He treated the shop like it was sacred, like it was the only thing in the world that mattered, the only thing he loved more than his brother or his car. The car was a part of the shop too, a part of Bobby. It was an old ‘67 Chevy Impala and they’d spent hours working on it together when he was a teenager, rolled up to their knees underneath it, shirts soaked in sweat and oil in their hair and faces.
He is— all bright and gummy and Dean likes to think that maybe it’s him and not the stars or Jupiter making him smile like that. It might be the dumbest thing he’s ever thought but hey, who gives a damn? His smile is probably even brighter than Jupiter and a whole of a hell lot nicer to look at, too.
“Still twenty minutes ‘til ten,” Dean points out. Maybe he was driving faster than he thought. He feels stupid, wasting away time like that. He could’ve had twenty minutes more.
was rather generous. He was crashing, hard. Even old hardass Mr. Johnson gave him a look of sympathy when he pulled him aside one dreary Monday to let him know that grades like this couldn’t go on if he wanted to stay on the baseball team and
“You really sure this is the place you want to be?” Dean asks. He always knew he was destined to end up one of the Roadhouse drunks; hell, he even has a favorite spot and the bartender has his order memorized, but he thought Cas was destined for bigger and better things. Dean’s legacy would always be reduced to the few plaques that lined the Lawrence High hallways; Cas was supposed to conquer the world.
By the end of the session his head hurts; it always does. It’s hard work understanding all the numbers, all the AUs and the ‘to the x powers’ and what the fuck a light year is, but Castiel is patient with him. He rumbles on, voice smooth and rough in a way that feels conspiratorial, like a whisper exchanged between friends, as they go over Mercury and Saturn and the way they orbit the Sun, Dean leaning in closer towards the book, their heads almost touching as he follows Castiel’s finger move across the words on the page.
“I am absolutely certain,” Cas says with stubborn conviction, “New York is bigger, of course, and there’s much more to be done there than in Lawrence, but I don’t belong there. It’s been almost ten years and I still feel like a stranger. All of my best memories are here: everything I know. And that’s more than enough for me.” He ducks his head down, eyes focused on the brown rings in his coffee cup. “And you’re here. Sometimes I think you’re the one thing I’ve missed most of all.”
Cas simply shrugs. “My father thinks it is mindless and cheap entertainment. He believes I would be better off reading a book.”
Castiel cocks his head at him then, in a way Dean notices he does whenever he mentions a movie or cartoon that Castiel has never seen; it’s a look crossed between curiosity and puzzlement, like he’s standing on the outside of some joke everyone else is in on and trying to figure out how to get inside. Dean usually finds it kind of funny, but not this time. It feels almost condescending. Or maybe it’s just the reaction he was expecting; he’s still probably going to fail this class.
“Can’t let you freeze to death,” Dean says.
Cas is barely eating his, mostly watching them as he swirls them around in the ketchup. “The rides home from school with you were the highlights of my day. I never told you that, but they were. Even when you made me late.”
, he thinks, nausea and dread running him cold all over,
“Hey,” he says, standing awkwardly in the doorway when Castiel doesn’t bother to look up, “I’m, uh, here for tutoring?”
“Yes, it does bring back memories.” Cas looks around the place, smiling, mind seemingly elsewhere and blowing on his coffee. “Good ones.”
The snow is sticking out in the parking lot. Some of it, mostly the bits around the streetlights, is more slush than snow and Dean kicks at it, grimacing. The roads will be ice tomorrow, probably. There’s a fierce wind blowing and Dean turns his collar up against it.
Dean thinks it over. It doesn’t take long. “Good. Pretty damn good, I’d say.”
It was a beautiful house— the most beautiful house in town. Mr. Novak had it repainted every year so the white never dulled and the wrap-around porch with the little swing and potted flowers always looked ready for a Home & Country photoshoot. A real Martha Stewart house, the kind of house you buy when you have enough money to make people wonder what the hell it was you were doing in a piece of shit small town in Kansas.
“Look,” he relents, “you can pay next time.” He’s not giving out any apologies, but he’s putting enough into his words to let Cas know he’s sorry. It’s an olive branch of sorts.
“What the hell are you doing out here?” Dean asks, peeling away from the curb. He drives through a puddle and water splatters against the side of the car.
Nobody could ever figure out what the hell the Novaks were doing in Lawrence. There were always the rumors whispered amongst over-imaginative children, about mafia bosses and witness protection programs or tax evasion schemes, but the reality of whatever drew them to Nowhere, Kansas never came to light. They weren’t a talkative bunch. They kept to themselves mostly, hiding away in their white house on a hill, an old and weather-worn ‘no trespassing’ sign at the bottom of the winding driveway keeping out any neighbors or mischievous teenagers who might want a peek inside.
He does what Castiel says. He shows up on Tuesday with two pages, front and back, filled with questions for him. Castiel doesn’t bat an eye. He simply cracks open the textbook, turns it towards Dean, and starts to explain the concept. His patience never fails to baffle him.
“I, uh,” Dean stands there looking at his shoes, trying to look anywhere but her face, really, “I’d like to get a tutor for astronomy. I got a note from Mr. Johnson.”
The parking lot echoes with Dean’s laughter.
“I could’ve saved it for later, Dean.” It’s hard to take him seriously with barbecue sauce on his chin.
“Alright, alright,” he grins, “have it your way.” Cas’s grip lightens on the checkbook. Dean watches him write down the total in that neat, even handwriting of his, and then, down at the bottom, a ‘thank you’ with a smiley face. He tips the waitress far more than he should.
“Yeah, but you can’t walk out here like this. You’ll catch cold.”
He’s still got those cards in the back somewhere with all his old trophies, including the one from state championships back in freshman year, though it was really more honorary than anything; he’d spent just about the whole game on the bench. Still, it’s a sign that at one point he did something with his life. He puts out his cigarette and dumps the rest of the crappy coffee on the ground, and goes back to work.
He’s leaning in further now. Cas’s breath is on his face. He’s never been this scared in his whole life, never.
“I’ll tell him I’m staying late to help Miss Wales catalog the new books. I’ve done it several times and I always run late. If I get back before nine he’ll never know.”
“Oh, uh, sorry.”
He gets the hell out of the driveway so fast his tires scream. He immediately removes the Springsteen tape and starts looking for a whole new record to replace it with, something to clear his head. Something, preferably, that doesn’t remind him of Cas. He shuffles through the tape collection at a stoplight until someone honks at him and he thinks
“I told you; it’s fine.”
“Not his parents?” Dean wipes his hands off with the dry rag on his shoulder. He goes to stand up, taking it light on that left knee, the one he fucked up a few years back in an over-involved “friendly” baseball match with some old teammates.
“Huh,” he says, “I always thought Jupiter was supposed to be blue.”
“Jesus. Well, your dad doesn’t know shit. The movies are great, man. Me and Sammy rent stuff from Blockbuster all the time.” God, if there’s anything that can put a stupid argument to rest or simply soothe a bad day it was Blockbuster, with it’s too-bright tiles and the gumball machine in the corner, though he and Sammy regularly fight over what to rent. Sammy gets his way more times than Dean cares to admit.
“Not going to your parents?”
“I don’t think I’ll be able to,” he says and Dean deflates, “My father is still upset with me returning late from the baseball game. I don’t think he would let me go.”
He looks at Dean with an odd look on his face. It’s a happy kind, but somewhat faraway, somewhat removed. He looks like the old drunks at the Roadhouse reminiscing about their long-ago ‘glory days’, swapping stories they’ve heard a thousand times over and never tire of.
Dean kicks at a pebble with a downhearted disappointment. He wants time to stop right then, and he wills the universe to let the sun to never set. The universe is indifferent to these desires.
“Well,” he starts, face scrunched up in contemplation, “it’s about atonement I suppose. Redemption. When we see William for the first time he’s the image of a repentant sinner. He’s taken up this lifestyle hoping the good he does with this new life might erase all the wrongdoings of his past. Except, there is no redemption. Perhaps he was right. They do, to quote his words, ‘all have it coming’. Fate is set and sealed. I believe it is at this moment he came to realize killing was in his nature. Perhaps he was not meant to be good; perhaps he knew this all along and Ned’s death is only a catalyst to the inevitable. For a genre plagued by misconceptions and misconstrued ideas about heroism, it’s very interesting to see the way this story confronts it and strips the western genre of all its glory, all its illusions, leaving nothing but the brutal reality of what it was. It’s very tragic. But very good, too.”
“I think this is great. He’ll love it. And this motel sounds really good. One thing though.”
Dean smiles at her excitement and squeezes her shoulder briefly. “Yeah, kiddo. Let’s get to work though, or Bobby’ll kill us.”
“All done,” he says. “That’s five even.”
playing. We shouldn't take too long, there's no traffic at this time."
Dean laughed and stalked over the grass, making sure to not step on anything, then got to work cutting away wayward twigs along the hedge. He moved from one end to the other, leaving behind a trail of small twigs and leaves. When he reached the corner, he rolled his shoulders and wiped the sweat from his forehead. He looked around and noticed Cas's absence, and that the day was less bright and the sky was now painted in pinks and oranges.
“Okay,” Ben said. “You wanna talk ‘bout that?”
“Yeah,” Dean says, and gives him what he hopes to be an encouraging smile. “At least we must be friends
Dean opts for productivity over concern. “Do we need to call someone? Since you’re late?”
"No, let me finish." Dean swallowed and just tried to get it out.
Their noses bump. Dean doesn’t know how it happens, but it does, and neither of them turn away. He can taste Cas’ breath on his lips, and his eyes flick up to Cas’, who looks back with  simmering intensity.
“Jesus,” Dean says, and Cas looks upset as he’s packing up the first aid kit.
At Ben's raised eyebrows Dean suddenly got self conscious. “What? I looked it up," he mumbled.
"Cas?"
"Cas?" Dean went to the bathroom door and knocked. "Hey, you okay?"
“Okay, Dean, but you can't drive like this.” Tim got up and extended his hand. “I'll drive you.”
Hey guys!
He felt Cas shift against him. "Yes. You told me you enjoyed those movies, so I bought all of them. Star Trek too. I didn't know what you wanted to watch and if this was okay," he added and Dean grabbed his hand.
Dean pulled back with a smile on his spit-slick lips, and leaned down slightly to press his face into the side of Cas's neck. He smelled like laundry detergent and outside and warm and like
“Hello,” Cas says. “Did you enjoy the farmer’s market?”
Dean had no idea why he kept pressing on the issue. Well, maybe he had, but that wasn't something he wasn't interested in thinking about right now.
There were dark wooden floors, light blue walls and an overstuffed armchair next to the sofa he recognized from Cas's picture. The bookshelves that flanked the TV were overflowing with books and loose paper. There were flowers on the coffee table but most importantly, there was Cas.
“Oh no,” he said and Pamela started laughing. “I’m, you’re not really, uhm-”
“It’s okay,” Castiel says, and Dean can barely hear him. “If you’re busy I’ll just—”
Dean sighed and made his way over to the small cabin. There were a few locks on the door and he fumbled with them. The padlocks were rusty and he needed some other tools to get them open, so he went to his car and popped the trunk, rifling through it and found a bolt cutter. He slammed the trunk shut again and walked back to the cabin. After a few seconds of fumbling, he got the position right and the padlocks snapped in half, falling off the door. He kicked them to the side, lied down his bolt cutter and took his flashlight out of his jacket again. Carefully, he opened the door and shone inside, taking a step in. Immediately the light glazed over a bare foot, and then a second one and before Dean knew it he was looking at Cas, beautiful, soft, caring Cas, lying on a dirty cabin floor, hands bound behind his back and unconscious.
“Of course. Please use the darker ones; it's easier to wash them if they get dirty.”
Cas accepted the knife and started looking for a cutting board and bacon, while Sam inspected the other ingredients Dean had put out. Corn, different spices and alfredo sauce sat on the counter.
Cas takes a step towards him, then another. He’s fully invaded Dean’s personal space, the harsh ceiling light throwing sharp shadows across his face.
“Cas,” Dean breathed and pulled Cas’s face back up to kiss him, sweeping his tongue into Cas’s mouth. Dean tasted every breathy sound Cas made just for him.
As Dean chews he is stunned again by what their life is like nowadays. Cas is warm against Dean’s side, and he smells like outside. Cas is laughing with Eileen, whose hair looks like caramel in the sunshine. Sam's looking at Dean, as if he knows what Dean is thinking, and he raises his glass.
"Do you want to come with me?" he says.
“Can I ask something?” Cas asks and sets his empty plate on the coffee table.
"I fucked up, but I didn't know what to do. So that's what I did in the end. I hope you can look past this, maybe."
Dean grins. “Jawline says you haven’t taken your break yet. You hungry?”
Dean breathes, deeply and for the first time in a long time, the heavy-humid air moving slowly and soothingly. It carries the scent of more flowers than his nose can manage to differentiate, a groundwork of pine mulch and damp soil wrapping everything with care.
“Part of the training,” Cas spits the last word like it’s poison, “was preparing me to go to any length necessary to get the tablet. They found my weak spot and dug into it. Naomi realized I would never kill you, so she created scenarios in which I had to. Sometimes you were younger, sometimes older. Talking to me, or running away from me. I couldn’t do it, and she tortured me until I did.”
“I don’t give a damn if you have any grace or just your beautiful soul,” Dean had said, sliding his lips over Cas’ pulse point. “You saved me, over and over, and nothing else matters.”
“Hi, Cas,” Sam said.
Dean let himself sink even lower in his beat-up chair. He hated being in this room, hated the circumstances that brought him here. He disliked the others after speaking to them briefly in the beginning, and just hoped for a non-shitty program.
"Hello, Dean."
Cas beams at him. “I’m glad to hear that, thank you. You’ve been nothing but amazing and caring to me as well. I’m very happy we’re friends.“
“Let me interrupt you there,” Ben said. “Castiel might seem weird; he can be unfriendly when he’s scared or surprised, but he’s good people. He went through a lot, and none of it is my place to tell you. He might never open the door and talk to you face to face, and that’s not an insult to you, that’s just...what he does. If that’s a problem—”
“Why?”
"Honey, I'm home!" Dean drops the bag onto the bed and winks at Cas. They take everything out and organize it neatly.
"Hi," Dean rasped.
Cas hands him a five dollar bill. “Thank you,” he says. “And thank you for allowing me to come inside for a moment. I understand it’s against the rules, and I really appreciate it.”
"Leaves us with nothing," Dean said after turning on the last signal that would maybe help them figure out what happened. Nothing popped up on the map.
They make their way to the car, and Dean accepts Sam's nudge to the passenger seat. As he sits down though, he notices the smell. And the stains.
“Yeah,” Dean says, and his voice comes out rough. What he doesn’t expect is Cas to stand up. Dean looks at him with a raised brow. “Uh, now?”
Ben laughed and he and Cas exchanged a look Dean couldn’t decipher.
"Did you buy the DVD?"
Cas reached for the napkin to dry his hand, before crumbling it up tossing it to the side. "Something good, I hope?"
He buys new tools, a belt and steel-toed work boots. He’s standing next to what he wants his future to be, and he starts building.
“I don’t think I can really tell you what this is about yet,” Dean said. “Some stuff happened because of it, like I lost my job, but Cas is helping me deal with it.”
"Good morning Sam. How has your hunt been?" Cas asked while not so subtly looking at Dean's face. The older hunter just stared at his computer screen.
"Dean." Cas was on him at an instant, hugging him tightly.
“I did.” Cas shifts slightly but stays put. “I’m still a bit confused about why we didn’t start with the first one, though.”
Dean grins and pats Cas’ shoulder while Cas yawns again, twice.
“And you must be Andrea. Benny hasn't shut up about you since you started dating. Figured the reason would be that you're way too attractive for him,” he said and Benny shot him an amused look. Andrea just laughed and shook her head.
Ben clicked around on his computer before addressing Dean again.
Dean was awoken by the warm gleam of sunshine on his face. He rubbed his eyes with his hand and opened them, blinking against the brightness. Sam was still dead to the world, his head and floppy hair buried into one end of the couch, his feet hanging off the other.
“Everyone from the VSI made a list of their favorite books, so that’s in there,” Dean pointed at the gift bag, “and some other stuff we thought you might like to read. There's also a gift card for a cover because we weren't sure which one you'd like. It's waterproof too, so you can read it in the bathtub."
"Hello Dean."
“Absolutely. Do you have any dietary restrictions? Are you vegetarian or vegan?”
Shortly before Christmas, the kids’ therapists give them the go-ahead. On December 20th there would be four people living in their big beautiful house, and they could barely wait until the day of.
"I meant you look good," Dean tries again. "You look happy."
“Open them,” Cas said and Dean did. Cas had sat down behind the door, but close enough that Dean could make out the details of his soft jogging pants, the flyaway hairs on Cas’s head illuminated from behind.
"I'm gonna check this one," Sam said and pointed to the smallest building, "maybe you should take the bigger one behind it and check the small cabin too."
“Thank you,” Cas said, and Dean looked at him while chewing. “I’m sorry for being so anxious.”
Cas seemed to tense even further, and Dean longed to step closer and touch. But he waited.
Gabriel looked anywhere but Dean's face. “Gabe! Look. At. Me.” Dean gripped Gabe's shoulders harder, forcing him to look up at the sudden pressure.
The first one started at Cas's right eyebrow and curved downwards, only missing his eye incrementally before ending on the apple of his cheek. The second one was bigger, longer and harsher. It found its beginning on his left temple and ran down and across until it reached his mouth, cutting into his upper lip slightly.
He stopped at a gas station he'd never been to before, and picked out two bottles of Jack. Dead leaves crunched under his boots as he walked back to his car, took a few sips in the car, and went to work.
“Nice to meet you, Ben.”
A sudden screech has Dean covering his ears, and he realizes Cas is speaking with his true voice. Then, Dean can see Cas’ grace, swirling brightly and ice-blue in front of them, shaping and bending with every word Cas speaks. It glows, dims and rises higher before being released upwards, spreading into a thin blanket of brightness until everything explodes.
“No, Gabe,” Dean interrupted him and placed both his hands on Gabe's shoulders. “Look at me.”
Dean checks his phone and sees a text from Charlie with a thumbs up emoji. As he scrolls through the checklist for tonight he suddenly hears Cas’ voice.
Dean looked up from where he was now carefully layering things in the box.
“Please don't go,” Dean said.
The density of plants grew less until he stepped on grass. It was longer than a lawn, and daisies blinked at him every few steps. It smelled like earth, like roses and nature, and Dean loved the feeling of calm he felt wash over him. He had never been in a garden like this; the parks in the city were sparsely planted and always showed a severe lack of love and creativity.
Ben snorted a laugh. “I was wondering when you’d be surprised about that. This is the hospital he was treated at, so he knows pretty much everyone here. Apart from that it’s generally pretty safe,” Ben said and nodded to a nearby security guard doing his rounds. “He doesn’t get triggered leaving the house alone. It’s other stuff, but the details of that he’s still kind of figuring out he said. Didn’t surprise me that he’d try and come here ASAP, though.”
"Dean, ow, my back-"
Their house is finished in mid-March.
"Yeah," Sam mumbled and sat down heavily. "I just..what happened? Did he mention anything about angel stuff that we missed?"
Dean threaded his fingers through the leaves of a small blooming bush in a weathered terracotta pot next to him. This was really a remarkable place, a sanctuary in every meaning of the word. He felt disconnected from the outside world, as if the lush plants could protect him from all of his worries.
“But I’m not!” Cas looked like he was going to burst into flames and start crying any second now, and Dean was vibrating with hurt and anger. What the fuck was happening here?
“I apologize,” he said, “that was very rude of me. My name is Castiel. Castiel Novak. I just moved into my dorm room today and my brother brought me to this party, although I’m unsure if he’s even still here.”
Cas gives him a small smile. “It’s not like I’ve lived the gay life of my dreams.”
Dean nods and thinks for a moment. He’s already considering different types of wood, if he should use the same for inside and outside, when his thoughts halt. He can’t help but huff a laugh.
“Finding a substitute for archangel blood isn’t easy, but we’ll find something.” Sam walks over to him and puts a hand on his shoulder. “We’ll bring him back.”
Dean smiles dumbly at his beer. Sam and Cas would get along wonderfully, he’s sure. They walk into the living room and sit down on the couch, a bit closer together than last time. Dean hopes it’s because of him, and not just because they’ll be facing the TV this time instead of each other.
Dean checks his watch. "Got about twenty-five minutes until midnight," he says.
"Hey, what's that?" Dean pointed to the paper and leaned forward to grab it. Sam turned around and practically threw himself over Dean and grabbed the paper, then flicked it away towards the bed. Cas got up and picked it up, folding it and burying it in the pocket of his sweatpants.
“I'm glad you like it. The lady at the grocery store told me that those seed packets are pretty generic, so I figured they'd be nice. Since you like plants.” He gestured towards the flowers behind him. “I wrote down my number just in case you need anything.” Dean took his phone out and opened his text messages. “You can just text me whenever you want though,” he added and saw Cas picking up his phone too, typing something. “If you just want to text, or want me to come over to chat.”
Dean stuffed his mouth full with the last couple of bites, got up and threw away the greasy box. He checked his phone, but no reply from Cas yet. He worried he had overstepped, but trusted that Cas would let him know if he did.
He briefly considers the archangel blade, but dismisses the idea. It would introduce too much potential for things to go wrong—the last thing he wants is to put a weapon on the board that could limit his options.
A million thoughts crash through Dean’s head—or maybe it’s just one—but what he says is, “I dunno. I wanna keep hunting, I know that.”
“Are you alright?” Castiel calls to him.
Maybe Castiel stuck around?
Castiel’s heart is soaring.
He ducks back outside, keeping one hand on the gunwale, and then climbs up onto the hull to grab the centerboard. He pulls down until he can put his full weight on it, then uses it like a lever the way Gabriel had made him practice.
“You good with your side of things?” Dean asks.
“Dean, so help me—”
Jack nods, his face grave. “Ready.”
Castiel’s eyes widen. “You can see them?” he asks. He relaxes a little, his outstretched wings lowering slightly.
Castiel opens the door and finds Jack sitting on his bed, wearing the pendant containing his grace. He’s holding his headphones and Kelly is paused on the screen of the laptop sitting near him.
He turns Baby around and heads for home.
“Hey guys.”
He stares up at the sky, pulling in deep lungfuls of air, heart battering against his rib cage.
Five: Stabbed by Lucifer right after he’d made it back through the Apocalypse World rift.
He divides his attention between his footing and the approaching horde, becoming gradually more unnerved with every upward glance. They’re relentless: a dark, unstoppable tide moving far more swiftly than he would have guessed possible.
Gradually, Castiel hears steps approaching across the grass. He closes his eyes and breathes deeply, and the footsteps stop a few feet from him.
Breathing hard, he pulls his hands from his pockets and, with difficulty, pushes himself to his feet.
“I love our home,” Dean murmurs. “I love you.”
Castiel cuts him off. “Dean, we get it.” He turns to Jack. “We’re trying to keep things simple.”
They land hard and Jack stumbles; with their hands joined they both topple over onto green grass. Palm trees sway against an orange sky that might be a sunrise or sunset. They’re next to a white wooden church, and somewhere beyond it is the sound of waves.
“And now you’re out here with me searching for a way to fix things. Would it be easier for us to find Michael if you had your powers? Probably, yeah. But that doesn’t mean it’s impossible without them, even if it might take a long time. It’d be impossible if we had no hope, and you give me hope. Every day.” Sam pauses and then shakes his head. “I couldn’t do this without you.”
“We’ve been arguing for the last day or so. But trust a Winchester to break all the rules and beat the odds.” He smiles slightly.
. When he’d allowed Dean to touch him the first time, it had taken every ounce of his willpower to stay still and quiet. He remembers gripping the back of the chair as though his life had depended on it, and trying—but not succeeding—to breathe evenly.
For the first time since he started walking, Dean stops. The sudden lack of motion feels strange but it barely registers; Castiel’s words are tumbling through his head.
He closes them again.
“Come on, it’s so perfect.”
Her sail flutters in the wind, as if waving him off, and he turns abruptly, a swell of emotion rising in him. He walks off down the beach, his steps slow and awkward as he tries to get used to being on land again.
And this morning, when Sam had woken up and he’d turned on his bedside lamp… nothing had happened. He’d noticed, then, the silence: no hum of electricity, no air whooshing softly through the vents.
“Please, will you… will you meet me out here? I’m in the woods. Um, on the road behind the bunker.” He swallows and sits back, opening his eyes.
Castiel nods.
“They’re forget-me-nots. For remembrance, fidelity, and long-lasting connection.”
Castiel says, “Food and music.”
The mountainside angles gently down into a far-off tree line, and beyond that, Dean can just see a valley with a river snaking through it. He suspects it’s where the pull will lead him next.
“This smells amazing,” Castiel says, unwrapping a breakfast sandwich. Dean smiles, relieved to see that Castiel’s eyes are a little brighter this morning.
Patience smiles and rolls her eyes and goes back to talking to Jack.
“Helping to create the archangels had sparked something in him, and he took it upon himself to… contribute.” Amara frowns. “He created the Leviathans, and it was immediately apparent that they were vicious, a threat to the balance that was establishing itself. I really don’t like deliberate destruction, so I created Purgatory to shut them safely away. I explained my reasoning to Chuck and he was disappointed, but he seemed to understand.
Sam pulls Baby out of the garage, and to no one’s great surprise,
Dean shuts the door behind them, and the sound of it is loud in the anticipatory silence of the house. Castiel removes his bow tie and borrowed cufflinks and lays them atop the dresser, and Dean sets the red envelope on Castiel’s nightstand. They look at each other from across the room.
: eyebrows raised, fists clenched, pulling his crossed wrists apart swiftly and with all the finality he can muster.
Eileen purses her lips thoughtfully. “How pissed off do you think he would be if I signed him up for a subscription to” —she straightens her back and arches a haughty eyebrow— “
Sam picks out a stone, shows it to Dean and says, “I like this one. What is it?”
Jack looks surprised. “Dean… It’s okay…”
They take the book to one of the reading tables, upon which are spread a backpack, an open notebook, and a dead cell phone with earbuds plugged into it. Sam gently moves the items aside, feeling as though he’s disturbing a grave.
“You could. I really like Eileen, Sam. I know you know that, but you hang on to her.” Mary looks up at Sam, her eyes serious.
Castiel’s smile fades, his brows pulling together in confusion.
Despite the gradual drop in the number of people living in the bunker, the level of activity stays the same as the place transforms from emergency housing to bustling headquarters.
“Hello, Dean.”
No one disagrees; unusual as it is, it appears to be the most likely answer.
The corners of Michael’s mouth lift in a humorless smile. “You two are nothing if not persistent.”
Sam sighs and rests his book on his chest, and then notices that Jack isn’t reading his book, either.
Sometimes Dean will come downstairs in the morning to find Cas sitting at the kitchen table working on the laptop, with hot coffee already poured for Dean in his favorite mug—one he’d stolen from the bunker, with the red design around the rim. Sometimes they sit in the living room—
“Since you were apparently excited to go buy a chainsaw,” Sam says. “Let me have my coffee, would you?” He waves Dean off. “Go have fun with your new toy.”
“We’re all good,” Sam says. “You get outta here.” He makes a shooing motion, but everyone at the table stands and they all hug goodnight. Castiel and Dean wave to the last scattered groups of guests on their way out, and they’re able to make a quick getaway.
Dean blinks up at him, too dazed to answer. Castiel takes his face in his hands and searches his eyes, and Dean remembers lying in a pine box.
Like dawn, the cool air of five a.m. and the soft, hopeful space between night and day.
They’re trembling.
If you haven’t yet seen the stunning artwork
“You think my
He glances at Chuck and is horrified to find that his eyes are black… and he’s smiling.
“Um, and so far, the only way I seem to be affected is that I can see your wings,” Dean finishes, his face reddening.
But in the back of Castiel’s mind, keeping him from losing himself in Dean, is a new and persistent thought, increasingly urgent.
“You’re welcome,” Jack says distantly, picking up his own bowl.
When Dean pulls away, opening his eyes, Castiel finds some indefinable reservation there, the barest hint of strain in his slight smile.
“Enough of this,” Michael says, his voice low and simmering with anger. “He’s not worth our time.”
“Nobody’s cancelling any parties on my watch!” Gabriel announces from behind Dean’s chair.
“I’m hanging up, now, Claire.”
“Mm-hm.” Castiel reaches over, takes the list out of Dean’s hand, and scans it for the next thing.
He stares into Cas’ eyes. “Can I…?” he whispers.
“And my ‘something borrowed,’” Dean says, opening his hand to reveal a small pocketknife. “From Eileen.”
Sam, at the end of the world, looking Dean in the eye.
“Sam, what happened?” she asks, clutching his jacket. “I was waiting for you out here last night, and I… I disappeared,” she says, shaking her head. “And then suddenly—earlier—I was just… back in my house. I’ve been trying to reach you.”
Dean turns the paper over; and Castiel sees his hands are shaky. His own heart is pounding. Dean takes another deep breath as his eyes find the top of the page, and he continues with greater confidence.
Alastair lunges at him, swinging the belt, and the buckle hits Dean’s knuckles. The pain is stunning; he drops the blade with a sharp gasp and backs away into the surf, clutching his hand.
Dean looks up to find Castiel staring at him. He drops his eyes again to his task, and it takes him a second to answer. “Anytime,” he says. He finishes and adds, “Keep that wrist up, okay?” He demonstrates, holding his hand up near his shoulder. “Even when you lie down—prop it up.”
Castiel’s expression hardens. “We rescue Amara.”
“Shut up, come here—”
,” Sam adds, “we ruined his father’s plans, with the Apocalypse, and he really believed in all of that. He thought God would make Earth a paradise—that he truly loved his creation. Dean and Cas said he took it pretty hard, when he found out what Chuck was really like. Cas showed Michael his memories and I guess he was devastated… It’s why he gave us the spell they used to lock Amara away.”
“Well,” a voice says over Dean’s shoulder. Dean turns to find Death standing behind his reading table, Chuck’s death book in one arm. All conversation ceases.
When they get to the playground, Jack asks Castiel if he will give him some of his grace, and Castiel agrees, filling a small vial.
“Do you have any ideas?” Castiel asks, pen poised over a fresh sheet of paper.
“Yeah, but it’s fine if we only watch an episode, right?”
Castiel looks over at Dean. “I chose to go to sleep,” he admits. “I thought it was the only way I’d ever see you and Sam and Jack again.”
Sam sits up and leans forward. “But you have to know that those aren’t the
time. But we didn’t exactly get to know each other.”
“To walk us through our vows? Yeah, that’d be nice. I was thinking we could ask Garth, actually.”
The scythe shifts suddenly, and a portion of the blade is exposed.
“Even if we weren’t the only people left on Earth,” Dean says, “you’d still be the best person for the job.”
But Dean doesn’t want to acknowledge any of this. With grim satisfaction, he pours gasoline on the voices.
“The way the spell works for me is, it helps me… see details more clearly. The paths for dreamwalking, things I need to see that I might not be able to without the spell. I don’t know if I can describe it any better than that. And I don’t know how the spell is going to affect you.”
Castiel murmurs, “Not a second longer than I have to be.” He presses a kiss to Dean’s palm.
He can hear it boom even now, above the hissing of steam and the screech of the showerhead.
The last track on the tape is “I’m on Fire”. Dean hopes he always thinks about that night every time he hears it. God knows he does.
“Not really,” Cas replies, pulling his trench coat a little tighter around him. He must be freezing.
“You wanna finish the record?”
Cas slips into it, the sleeves just a little too long. “Given the current weather I find that to be a highly unlikely scenario, but I appreciate the sentiment nevertheless.”
Cas shrugs. “What about you? How are things for you these days?”
He’s grinning like an idiot, bumping
Now he’s between second and third, cleats planted deep into the artificial earth beneath his feet. He shakes his arm out, nervous in the way he always gets right before a game, ready to catch any ball that may come his way.
It’s not Castiel’s fault, of course. He was doing his best. Dean just wasn’t made out for all this shit, all these numbers and equations and formulas. He just wants to get to Bobby’s shop and under a car and do something
, undeniably their best record.
Dad was the one that gave him the car, sure, but Bobby was the one who taught him to love it. There’d always be more Bobby in that car than there’d ever be of Mr. Winchester.
“Can we play Led Zeppelin on the way home?” Cas asks, getting into the passenger seat and Dean kind of feels like the luckiest guy in the world, “I’ve become quite fond of their music.”
“I have tutoring after school.”
He has the stupid Splenda packets out again. He twirls one around with his finger. “What would you do if I tried it now?”
“Where’s the best place to see the stars out here?” He asks.
“Well, there it is! You gotta see the game, Cas; be a true American. It
Dean brewed a whole new batch of coffee. He’s not drinking that cold, grainy batch that Johnny left in the pot. Johnny was the latest new-hire, another high school dropout. He rolled up to the shop in June in an old souped-up Corvette, a real home-garage job, and asked for a job. He said he was real good with engines and could get just about any car running again, no matter how old. And he was damn good with an engine, but he lacked skill in handling the temperamental coffee machine. Every batch he’s made has come out bitter and rough. Not that Dean could do much better.
There’s a flush traveling up Dean’s neck now, and he’s sure there’s bright pink in his face to match. He wishes Cas talked like a normal person. “Well, great. Thanks for the help.”
Dean rolls his eyes but picks up the pen nevertheless, and tries to understand the composition of Jupiter. The radiator is burning red, the poor thing.
Dean, mouth still full of food, protests. “Hey! I never—”
“Yeah,” he winces.
Betty reaches out and straightens the crooked collar of Cas’s trench coat. “Don’t you bother with those menus now,” she tells them, plucking the old laminated menus straight off the table, “I’ll get something fixed up for you.” She gives them a wink and oh god, sometimes Dean really does love this piece of shit town.
“Well, if you do find yourself in trouble again, I suppose you can call me now.” Cas swallows down the last bite of his burger. He picks a stray pickle from off his plate and eats that, too. “I’m moving back, Dean. That’s what I wanted to tell you.”
Cas shakes his head. “No, not my parents.”
It’s like a date, except it’s not because it’s Cas. Besides, most of his movie theater dates end up nothing more than a makeout in the dark. This is a lot more fun than that. And anyway, no girl he’d gone on a date with would ever eat a hamburger like Cas does.
Cas nods with way more seriousness than the subject merits. “Like the summary on the back of a book.”
“Told you it was good,” Dean says, with a fair amount of pride and smugness. Cas didn’t want the slushie initially. He didn’t like the sound of syrup and ice whipped together by the rotation of that old machine that didn’t look like it had been cleaned any time in the last decade (his words, not Dean’s). He thought he would prefer a bottle of water.
“Right there,” Cas points emphatically. Dean looks harder at the sky. Stars twinkle on and off like a blinker taking an exit on the interstate. It’s no use.
Dean wishes he was worth hanging out with the likes of Cas. He selfishly feels lucky that Cas doesn’t know anyone else, doesn’t know he could do way better than hanging around Dean all the time, that there’s people way more interesting out there who have actually read
drank all of my coke at the movie theater.”
Cas tilts his head and thinks. “Once. It was Easter. I was eight.”
Cas agrees.
“Your mouth is blue,” Dean points out.
Now he sits next to Dean, chugging his blue raspberry concoction as if he had just run a marathon or spent the last three days wandering through a desert. He takes occasional bites of the pretzel, dunking it into the cheese sauce until it seems to be more cheese than bread. His tongue and part of his lips are stained blue.
Dean dropped out in April. He wasn’t eighteen yet, but Sammy was getting into high school soon and someone had to pay the bills, keep the heat on and electricity running. Dad used to help cover most of it, sending money from wherever the fuck he was or more often leaving a wad on the table without so much as a goodbye, never leaving a number so they had to fend for themselves when the cash ran out.
“Do you want to try mine?”
“I’m not missing my chance this time,” he says. And with that he does what he should’ve done fifteen years ago and kisses Cas.
Dean’s heart starts up that old familiar thumping sensation. “I’ve missed you, too.” It sounds more like a mumble as he crams French fries in his mouth.
, placing his papers into the leather satchel at the foot of his chair. A
“I’ve never seen them so bright, not even with my telescope. They’re beautiful.” Cas is awestruck, gazing at the sky in wonderment, looking ready to reach up and grab the moon.
It’s no better now during the holidays. Dean knows the Novaks to be a real religious bunch, but none of their kids ever seem to stop by for Thanksgiving or Christmas or any of the other days in between. It’s just Mr. Novak’s lonely old Cadillac parked at the top of that hill.
He can’t stop thinking about it.
He doesn’t stick around. He laces up his boots, grabs his backpack, and tears himself away from the useless chatter of the team and into the parking lot. He uses his jacket as a makeshift umbrella, holding it over his head as he tries to make out his car through the onslaught of rain. Water sloshes beneath his feet.
The lights start to dim until the room is black with darkness, the screen widening out and Cas asks:
Dean stands by the locker, hands in his pockets, looking up and down the halls and trying to seem both cool and casual. It doesn’t feel like he’s doing a great job of it. He runs through the speech he prepared in his head, all the points he came up with to make him say yes, but when Cas finally approaches he finds words spilling out that he doesn’t remember planning.
“I’m not sure.” He stares down at the menu like it’s written in a foreign language.
They’re pressed shoulder to shoulder and it doesn’t feel close enough. Dean shifts his leg so their thighs are pressed together. It’s cool in just his t-shirt and their breath is still hanging in the air but he feels so warm. He can feel the leather of his own jacket against his arm, Cas bundled up tight in it still. When he looks at him he can see his hands folded in his lap. He tries not to freak himself out when he thinks that it would be better if one of them was all tangled up in his own.
“What?” He says, mood soured by a sudden onset of defensiveness.
Dean nods and his numbed fingers scramble through his coat pockets, gripping his phone.
“So far from what I’ve seen it just gets harder.”
Dean got his slushie cherry-flavored. It was over-syrupped to the point of being too sweet, but it killed the dryness in his throat. He had chugged most of it with the same fervor as Cas but there was still some left in the bottom.
“Thank you, Betty,” Cas says.
Dean shrugs. “Not great. Didn’t get much done with the storm going on.”
Castiel was the youngest of the kids and by far the gloomiest. He stalked the hallways a silent soldier, back straight and expression cold, like a rain cloud hanging overhead. Dean knew him since they were in kindergarten, and though he never paid much attention to him, he couldn’t recall ever seeing him smile.
“Maybe I would’ve gotten off better if you were my lawyer,” he jokes. He wants to seem lighthearted and not ashamed.
The stars are beautiful, but sometimes it’s more beautiful to look at Cas. He’s sitting on the hood of Dean’s car, feet swinging back and forth, just barely grazing the tall grass. The silence of the night is vast, almost lonely, but it covers them over like a blanket— their own private universe of two. The night is cool and the air is crisp, the sharp kind you can drink up it tastes so clean. It’s got a chill to it when the breeze blows through. Cas shivers when it does; he’s only wearing a button down.
Cas has a lot of questions. If it wasn’t a matinee and if the only other person in the theater wasn’t a half-asleep old man in the first row an usher would’ve kicked them out by now.
The sun starts to set golden in the sky. The breeze becomes cooler, heavier. Dean is glad he didn’t take Benny up on his offer to join the rest of the team at the diner. He wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.
It’s the first time he ever hears Cas laugh. “I take it you don’t care for the sport?”
“What do I order?” Cas asks, grabbing one of the old menus from off the table.
“I haven’t thought about him in years.” Benny says, roughened fingers skitting across the old shop table. Dean wonders if he ever thought about him at all. Not like he did, at least.
She doesn’t even have to think about it. “There’s a field behind Mr. O’Connor’s barn,” she says straight away, “you follow the road down aways and there’s a clearing big enough to see the whole of space.” And with that she goes right back to reading her paperback. She might be hiding a smile behind it.
“You almost never smile.”
“The light is red, Dean.”
She’s got a full house tonight; there’s crowds of kids lounging around, looking out of place in mall-bought dresses and rented tuxedos. They’re all laughing, the tipsy kind, like they’ve pre-gamed with liquor stolen from their parents before arriving, pushing each other around for their turn on the jukebox. Dean doesn’t blame her for taking a moment away from the madness. That’s why he prefers this side of the diner himself; no one ever bothers you.
Dean's eyes drop down to Cas’s mouth. The inner part of his lips are stained purple, too.
“I would like to see it. I’ll have to ask my father, but I think I can make it.”
Cas walks through the door, the little bell chiming above him, and brushes the snow from off the shoulder of his jacket. The snow on his leather shoes melts straightway beneath the warm lights. He looks around the diner, smiling when he catches Dean’s eye.
“Yeah, so?”
“Cas!” he calls out to him and in a moment of stupidity he nearly pulls him into a hug. “you came.”
“It’s no bother. I don’t live that far from here. ‘Sides, I can’t keep you walking in the rain.” The trailer where he and Sammy live is on the opposite side of town, all the way down past Allen Drug and the unused railroad tracks.
“You’ve got a lot of music to listen to,” Dean says with a seriousness that makes Cas crack a grin. “We’re doing the Stones next, and trust me Cas, you’re gonna love ‘em”
“I would like to go, if the invitation is still open.”
It had been the center of local myth and legend for years, a spot for high schoolers to consume french fries and milkshakes and hamburgers and occasionally even cocaine in the bathroom (if you believe a single word that comes out of Tom Branson’s mouth, that is).
That was something his mom used to say when he was little, when he wanted to go outside and play
“I’m never going to pass this class,” he says one Thursday afternoon, a headache making itself apparent as they try to cover chapter four. He pushes the textbook away from him. It’s only been ten minutes and his attention is already slipping. He feels bad about it; he can see the way Castiel is trying to hold back his irritation on his face. Still, he can’t seem to care.
Castiel launches into the chapter. His rumbling voice is soothing; his calm, even tone is quite possibly the only thing that makes the session bearable. He doesn’t seem to mind when Dean stops him multiple times, enough that by the time the hour is over they’ve only covered three pages of a twelve-page chapter.
Betty shakes her head. “Don’t thank me; just promise me it won’t be another fifteen years before I see you here again.”
Dean called up his brother out of the blue, already dialing the number before he even knew why. He didn’t really expect him to pick up and he didn’t and Dean figures it was nothing worth leaving a voicemail for so after the fourth ring he hangs up. He’ll probably tell Sam later he forgot why he was calling.
Dean jogs through it blindly, droplets weighing heavy on his eyelashes as he races to be first to the showers. It’s the kind of rain that actually hurts when it touches the skin. He’s soaked clear to the bone, shaking in his uniform. It clings to him and he has to fight to peel it off.
Cas contemplates this. “I’ve walked by the Blockbuster.  I’ve seen their posters in the window.”
Hell, Dean had been in the same grade with him for years and never gave the kid a second thought. They’d passed very few words over the years; enough that if you added up all their conversations they’d hardly amount to over ten minutes. Ten minutes over twelve years. For a town where everyone knew everyone, that was an astoundingly low number.
so loud his speaker might go out and this time he’s not running from a damn thing. The light at the four-way is red when “I’m On Fire” comes on, his windshield wipers swishing back and forth against the snow as he waits for the light to turn green.
Dean just shakes his head at him, laughter on his mouth and in his eyes. “You know, you’re really somethin’ else, Cas.” The light in the diner glows almost yellow, the world dark outside the window. Bobby Vinton is crooning some old love song on the jukebox.
He has Cas put in
Dean feels a little pathetic. He’s sitting across from him and he’s a goddamn lawyer with a name and a life and Dean feels like he has neither. “Ah, come on now,” he brushes him off, “You know nothing in Lawrence ever changes.”
Betty’s Diner is the oldest thing still standing in Lawrence, Kansas. Of course, it wasn’t always Betty’s Diner. Way back in the day, when sheriffs walked the streets with guns at their side and the railroad hadn’t been built, it was a saloon owned by a woman named Sal. It then became a regular bar, then a pharmacy, then an office for a company that went under in a particularly memorable money laundering case in the 1940’s that saw the building empty for years, until it was remodeled into a restaurant sometime in the 1950’s. But as far as Dean knew it, it had always been Betty’s Diner.
They get to the Snack Shack right as it is closing down, and with a smile and charm Dean manages to convince the tired-looking sophomore behind the register to take one more order. The bleachers are vacant, the scattered remains of snacks and wrappers left carelessly among them. The parking lot is almost empty; the cars of the losers left just as quickly as the kid got out of the shower. Dean doesn't envy them. He knows what they’re hearing.
He’s a good teacher; he's better than Mr. Johnson at least, who could put a whole room to sleep in five minutes with his monotone voice and that dull scratch of chalk on his ancient chalkboard. With Castiel it’s like he can see space, like it all makes sense when he draws everything out with his fountain pen in Dean’s notebook, lettering crisp and sharp as he labels the planets and constellations.
“I’m on Fire” plays low in the car. Cas is listening intently, hanging on every word.
Cas seems to think this over for a second, head tilted to the left. He gives Dean a smile that seems almost nervous. “Alright, then. I’ll go.”
“Castiel Novak! I’ve been wonderin’ when you’d drop by.” Betty hasn’t changed much in the last fifteen years either. She’s gotten older, of course, but she refuses to retire. She’ll be bustin’ tables ‘til she dies she says to anyone who will listen, cleaning the grease smudges from those glasses that she needs for more than just reading now with the corner edge of her apron. Dean’s not sure what’ll happen to this town when she does finally kick the bucket, but Betty’s always been the type to seem immortal— a fixture of the town more permanent than even the grass and trees.
“That is what I’m here for,” that almost-smile is still there, “Why don’t we go over chapter five?”
“Sure. I mean, unless you don’t wanna hang out with me no more.” Which he might not. Dean doesn’t have friends for a reason.
“I like dancing well enough. Or I assume I would; I’ve never had the opportunity to try. Doing it in an old gym with sweaty teenagers, though, is not really my idea of a good time.” He gives the rowdy crowd on the right a disapproving look.
But dad died in April. A heart attack. Strange; it seemed so simple. Dean always thought it would’ve taken a lion to bring down John Winchester. His funeral, if it could be called that, was short and unceremonious. There wasn’t much money left for something else.
“You paid for the movie tickets, it’s only fair—”
“Cas!” he calls out and he watches Cas’s back as he stops in the middle of the parking lot, “Wait.”
Castiel says nothing, face smooth like stone and completely unreadable as he gets up to pull a book from the towering shelf behind him. He sets it down on the table, angling it halfway between Dean and himself and Dean moves closer to where he can see it better. He looks down at it; it’s called
Benny shrugs, leaning against the work table, drinking the leftovers of this morning's coffee from a styrofoam cup. Dean grimaces. That coffee was burnt this morning; he can’t imagine what it tastes like now. Benny just tosses it back and Dean wonders if there’s any Jack in it. Wonders if he’d share.
“I don’t have a car, Dean,” Cas points out like it’s the most obvious thing in the world, “Remind me of my other options.”
Why wouldn’t he?
“Cool.”
Sometimes when he’s out driving, out to Betty’s Diner or back home, he passes the Novak house on the top of the hill. It’s been stiller than a tomb since Castiel up and moved out. It seems so empty that sometimes passersby inquire whether or not it’s for sale, looming over the town like a gothic mansion from a book he once read in the tenth grade.
“Where?” Dean asks, trying to follow his finger.
“So,” he asks, head turned back up at the sky, “what else can you show me?”
“Uh, yeah. Sure. I get off pretty soon. I’ll meet you there at six?” He’s off at five. Hopefully that’ll give him enough time to shower and look like a respectable person again.
“So, what brings you back here? You ain’t been down here in, Christ, what’s it been now?”
In the cool of the night Dean is almost expecting Cas to vanish like a ghost, stepping out into the snow, never to be seen again. But when they say goodnight Dean watches Cas as he makes his way to his car in the dim light, and he never does disappear from view. He’s as real as ever.  Dean should be getting to his own car; poor Baby doesn’t do well in the snow and he should really get her back home and in the garage before he ends up spending his weekend fixing whatever the hell went wrong this time, but he’s frozen on the sidewalk.
“Nah, don’t worry Cas; I got it,” he shakes him off, grabbing his wallet from his back pocket.
There’s a big grin on Cas’s face. “I’d love to.”
Dean felt it, too. He remembers being so focused that he lost track of time, the last buzzer taking him by surprise as it jolted him back to reality. It took him a minute to realize what was happening. By the end of it all his right arm is aching and sore in a way he knows he’ll feel tomorrow, but right now is completely indifferent to.
Cas’s expression softens, turning the tape over in his hand, like it’s some sort of holy relic. “Thank you, Dean.” Even though it barely cost him a thing, it seems to be worth more than the Walkman.
. The kid used a fucking
So he has Cas reach under the passenger seat to retrieve his tapes. Sure, everybody’s got their CD’s these days, chucking their tape collection to the wayside in favor of the newest technology. Dean could never do that. Even if he liked the format, which he doesn’t, it would cost a fortune to replace all the tapes he owns. He’s insisted to Sammy that he will, under no circumstances, be buying a CD player. Their tape deck, mom’s old record player, and the radio were all they needed.
“Hey, Betty?” He calls out in a last ditch effort to get his heart to stop doing whatever the fuck it was doing and get the red out of his face.
“You’re not dumb,” Cas repeats himself.
The wind rocks the dugout. The old wood groans above Dean’s head. His shoe repeatedly taps on the concrete. Outside grey clouds are blooming into the sky, a lingering threat of rain the crowd will talk idly about until the game begins between bites of lukewarm hotdogs and sticky candy.
He holds it at an awkward angle at first, carefully trying to bite into it and avoid making a mess, but it’s futile; there’s sauce all over his mouth. There’s even a little bit on his nose. Dean thinks he can see a ketchup stain on the sleeve of the trench coat. Eventually, he gives up and just lets the mess happen. His plate is covered in the remnants: loose onion slices, mustard, and a lone pickle. When it’s gone he gets to work on his fries, downing them like it’s his last meal and draining his coke until there’s only ice left in the cup.
“Mr. Winchester,” she smiles at him, red lipstick stuck on her teeth. She was a kind sort of southern lady, like an aged debutante, with a feminine voice underlined by the rasp that came with at least twenty years of chain-smoking. “How can I help you today, sweetheart?”
“I love this one,” Cas says. They played it twice over the weekend. His song of choice is “I’m on Fire”, which Dean thinks is a weird pick because it’s the shortest and slowest song on the record. It always felt like a pause, like a halftime show at a ball game to calm down the crowd before the real action picks up again. It’s so simple, Dean had said. That’s why I like it, Cas replied. It doesn’t need to be anything other than what it is.
. Hell, until he was in the third grade and couldn’t take the embarrassment anymore, Dean brought all his shit to school in a plastic bag from the Save-A-Lot.
“You still paid.” Even the puppy eyes Sammy used as a kid to get his way would be no match for Cas’s steely glare, freakishly unwavering. Dean wonders how many witnesses in court have crumbled under that stare.
“I wouldn’t want to intrude.”  Cas shifts awkwardly in his leather loafers. His hands are pink with cold.
“I guess I am,” Cas says, looking at Dean the whole time, “I guess I’m happy.”
“Sure thing, Cas,” he says.
So he imagines. That Cas is there. That there’s somebody out there in the stands watching him, cheering him on. Someone who came just to watch him. Of their own free will, on a dreary Saturday afternoon that would be far better spent watching cartoons and Mary Tyler Moore Show reruns than at a stupid high school baseball game.
“How are you?” He asks like they’re strangers.
Right now they’re doing a repeat of
He’s overwhelmed then with the idea that there will be no later. That they’ll go back to courtesy ‘hello’s’ in the hallways and their tutoring sessions that are so full with concepts to learn that it leaves little time for much else.
They win. It wasn’t easy and by the sixth inning it became more of a bloodbath, the numbers on the scoreboard flipping back and forth, keeping the crowd as much as the team narrowed in with concentration, both sides holding their breath like the end result will determine the fate of the universe.
Happy with pride, he slides into the chair next to Castiel, dropping his backpack on the floor. “Next one’s gonna be an ‘A’, Cas, just you wait,” he says with an exaggerated wink.
Dean doesn’t need to. He’s had the whole thing memorized since he was ten.
“Six works well for me.”
Cas’s voice takes on that tone he uses when answering a question in class— the forced kind, the house-on-the-hill kind. “Fine. And you?”
“You ever had cherry pie before?” he asks Cas.
Despite the bitter cold he’s still lingering there on the sidewalk, by the window with weak yellow light coming through the taped-up snowflakes. The real snowflakes gather on the shoulder of his jacket.
And really, it would be almost comical how much Dean would miss this old place, with the jukebox in the corner and the menu that never changes. He’d miss the too-bright lights reflecting off the black and white tile, a light like gold, like the last fading hours of a summer’s day where time is frozen and everything is perfect.
“That’s Ursa Major right there,” Cas says pointing out and there’s so many stars Dean can’t tell where the hell it is he’s pointing to, “and that’s Jupiter.”
Cas raises an eyebrow at him. “I know what a Walkman is, Dean.”
Dean orders his regular: a classic style hamburger with special recipe barbecue sauce, a coke, and a side of fries. Cas takes one last look at the menu and in defeat simply says he’ll take the same. For a guy who read
Betty looks over to them, straightening the glasses on her nose. Loose strands of her auburn hair seem to glimmer in the diner light.
“That’s good to hear.” Dean turns right at the intersection. The rain is starting to let up. “Us dumb kids aren’t causing you too much trouble?” He jokes.
“Hello, Dean.”
Dean feels his heart jump. There’s no food left on his plate to distract himself from that with. He sadly eyes his empty coke. “Oh, Good. Uh, glad you’re enjoying it.”
Inevitably it starts to get dark. The chill in the air begins to bite. Cas looks at the sky, at the dark blue overwhelming it, and frowns.
He hands it back to Dean, who sets it down on the ground next to the rest of his trash. Cas picks up his own slushie cup and extends it towards Dean.
“Here,” he says, handing it to Cas, “Give me your number and I’ll text you with the details.”
He’s supposed to be closing his eyes, but he can’t stop looking at Cas. Even in the dim lights he can see how crazy blue his eyes are. He feels Cas touch him and he swallows, closing his eyes tight. His heart is the only thing he can hear, it’s pounding so loud. It feels like television static in his brain. He’s so close to Cas’s mouth and so completely fucking terrified.
He’s out on break, the day gone by too slow so far, smoking Marlboro reds and watching the traffic make their way down Main Street. He’s got a coat on and it’s still colder than all hell out. Mid-December is always brutal. Not even the coffee can properly warm him up. He really should’ve gotten some of Benny’s whiskey, he thinks, looking down into the half empty
They trade featherlight kisses, tongues brushing in a way that makes fire race through Castiel’s veins. Castiel presses his body into Dean’s and Dean whispers, “I wanna see you…” He’s struggling to get something out of his pocket. “I wanna… Can I…” He brings his hand up and the feather pendant necklace dangles between them. He looks into Castiel’s eyes, swallowing hard.
But a thought occurs to Dean. “Cas,” he says suddenly. “How’d you know the Entity had—
Dean glances at Jack; though he’s unable to see his face, he observes a tremor in his hands as power flows through him in the invisible assault on Chuck.
“I’m having a hard time right now,” Dean growls. He grins and turns Castiel’s face to his, then kisses him deeply. Castiel rakes his fingers through Dean’s hair and places a firm hand on his crotch, eliciting a sound of mingled surprise and pleasure from Dean. Castiel begins massaging him, and Dean moans into his mouth. Their kisses become quick and sloppy, the only sounds in the cab their rustling clothes and heavy breaths.
Gabriel doesn’t interrupt once, and when Dean is finished, he says nothing for a long time. Dean waits. He scoops up a handful of sand, then tips his palm and lets it pour away. Again and again.
“Would you like me to be?”
Sam says, “We only found Michael and got back here… what, twenty-seven hours ago?” He looks at Jack, who nods. “But you’ve been gone for almost three months. It’s September third.”
He steps into sunshine; the divide is immediate and astonishing.
He knows it’s what he needs to do.
“Your eyes,” Castiel says. “They’re very green.”
“‘Probably’?”
“And oh, I
“Sam,” Jack says.
Dean.
Dean swallows and squeezes Castiel’s hand. “You saved me first.”
Castiel turns back to Dean and after a moment, a silent agreement passes between them.
me?” She arches an eyebrow at him.
“It’s alright,” Castiel says. “Are
The open gratitude in his expression makes Dean feel ashamed. He shakes his head. “It’s fine.” Like it’s nothing, because it might as well be; it’s not even close to enough.
“Right,” Sam says, nodding as he gets his coffee going. “That’s gonna be a big project—you want any help out there?”
Dean paces in front of Castiel as the minutes pass, his hand on the hilt of the angel blade. He keeps an eye on the horde, but frequently finds himself staring at Castiel’s wings.
Finally, Dean takes off his shoes and collapses onto the bed with a sigh. He looks over at Castiel and swats at his protruding elbow. “Get this outta here,” he grumbles.
Sam is grinning, tears in his eyes. “Damn, it’s good to see you.”
And he doesn’t care.
“Hell yeah,” Dean says with a grin.
The next random page-flip sends them to Belgium, to an unusual church that isn’t actually a church—it’s an art installation that resembles a church, called “Reading between the Lines.” The structure is made up of thin layers of steel, appearing solid from certain angles and transparent from others.
It takes Castiel a second to answer. “I don’t know,” he says, shaking his head. “My focus was on finding you.”
Garth says, “Dean and Castiel, you have defied cosmic odds. May your love grow deeper and stronger with every passing day. May you face every challenge side by side. May you always feel the love and support of your family and friends. And may your life together be one of enduring happiness and contentment.”
Dean smiles. “Yeah, me too.”
The air conditioning shuts off, and Dean stares at the ceiling for a long time, listening to Castiel’s deep, even breathing. He doesn’t feel tired.
Finally, Castiel tugs on Dean’s hand. “Come with me,” he murmurs.
“Welcome back,” Death says, a warm smile on his face.
“He was going to kill me,” Castiel says, “but he decided to keep me as a trophy. He tried to alter my memories, the way he’d done with yours.” He glances between Michael and Gabriel and Death.
“We turned back the clock,” Sam says, “and got everyone back, and everything’s gonna be fine.”
And that’s when Dean decides he’s had enough. “Listen,” he says sharply, hands balled into fists.
It’s narrow, so Castiel walks in front of Dean, and his wings fill Dean’s line of sight. Dean can’t help but reach out and brush his hand over one of them.
Dean is flooded with clarity and purpose, and, whether it’s right or wrong, he can’t seem to make himself feel any concern over Sam’s words. Sam can tell he’s not reaching Dean; he makes a frustrated sound and takes Dean’s arm, pulling him over to one of the stacks. Death and Jack watch them from where they sit on opposite sides of the table.
“Hello, Dean.”
“No problemo. Eileen’s your girlfriend?”
Castiel frowns, but Dean senses this rather than sees it, because he can’t take his eyes off of Castiel’s wings. “I’m… what?”
He remembers pointing his gun at Sam’s chest and screaming at him to move, and then pulling back the hammer, thinking he might actually pull the trigger next. On his brother.
That is who you are.
“I just woke up.” Sam makes a face.
No. A lot of the theories are incorrect. Is everything alright?
Dean follows the footprints along the misty beach, his gait unsteady from bone-deep fatigue.
He’s already moving off down the hallway, but he’s smiling because he’s certain he got an eye roll out of Sam. He’s smiling because the bunker is theirs, and because he’s got a project to throw himself into.
As Dean gets close to the house he doesn’t bother looking for Castiel’s truck. When Cas had stopped using it and winter was drawing in, Dean had finally snatched the keys from the hook in the kitchen and moved it into the garage himself, so he didn’t have to see it every damn time he pulled in the driveway.
It’s time for a break, so they can actually enjoy their new home.
He turns back to the blazing fire, which should be embers by now.
His hand appears ordinary again, albeit covered in blood. Dean gasps and starts shivering violently, his breath visible in the air.
progress with dreamwalking,” Claire says, shooting Kaia a look, and now it’s Kaia’s turn to roll her eyes.
Dean struggles against Alastair’s grip, but Alastair doesn’t budge. He doesn’t even blink. Dean was already exhausted the moment he stepped onto the shore, and Alastair is easily stronger than him even without his demonic abilities.
Dean hears Castiel take a step closer to him. “What are you doing out here?”
Dean breathes out, brightening. “Yeah?”
One night, Dean and Castiel are in the living room. Castiel is reading in his armchair, and Dean is slouched on the sofa. The TV is on, the volume low, but Dean’s only half-watching it.
“Well, that sounds safe.”
,” she says.
The path leads suddenly and directly into a massive, open-sided tent with full flooring and generous string lighting. Jack ushers them to the head of the room, while the rest of the wedding party hangs behind and a hush falls over their guests—a hundred and fifty people whose eyes all turn to them.
series if you’re in the UK/using metric measurements. Beautiful books, and easy, delicious recipes.
“Cas isn’t around, is he?” Dean asks.
Unbidden, he recalls the deep satisfaction of plunging the First Blade into Abaddon, the need to
Dean sets his jaw and says nothing.
Dean would scream if he had the air.
Dean nods, more to himself than Crowley, and moves off through the trees.
Smiling, Castiel squeezes Jack’s arm. “I’m so proud of you, Jack. And I know you’re going to accomplish great things.” He gets up to go, then adds, “You already have.”
Castiel nods slowly. “How did he take it?”
“Hey,” Dean says softly, and Castiel turns to him. “Come here.”
. Not this time, either, and they’d never faced anything so dire.
Eileen races down the walk and throws herself into his arms. Everything Sam has held inside since he found her cell phone on the sidewalk comes rushing to the surface. He weeps as he holds her tightly, clinging to her as much as she is to him.
Jack turns to him. “We’re going fishing!”
“You settin’ some new year’s resolutions?” Donna asks, eyebrow raised.
Dean grunts at this and sips his coffee, and they both watch Jack, although he hasn’t moved at all.
Dean sets the pan carefully in the drying rack. “Yes, you can.”
Dean’s teeth are chattering and he’s hyperventilating. Alastair will be here to drag him back to the rack any minute. Any minute, he’ll hear the lock slide open and—
Castiel comes back to the living room and wordlessly hands Dean a bowl of spaghetti, made the same way Dean makes it for them, with tomato sauce and basil leaves and a little Parmesan.
The forest gradually thins out, becoming a grassy slope scattered with trees and boulders. He begins picking his way down into the valley over a series of small rolling hills. Daylight dims and brightens as clouds pass over the sun, and below him the surface of the river alternates between sparkling and subdued.
“The longer your REM cycles get, and the more dreams you have,” Dean interjects. “I know that.”
The one he comes back to more than any other is when they’d brought Jack back to life.
Dean receives an innocuous manila envelope in the mail and opens it to find an issue of
It feels… fine.
She’s got a classic elegance about her, so Dean contemplates the names of Golden Era actresses, and there’s one in particular that stands out.
Dean looks at Castiel over their laptop screens, a question in his eyes. Castiel nods, so Dean takes his hands off his keyboard and sits back, watching Jack. Castiel shifts to sit sideways in his chair. “We did,” he says.
Castiel’s expression softens. “By the time we’re finished fixing things, I won’t need one.”
“Sure…” Jack sits up and crosses his legs. “What is it?”
Eileen is doing a masterful job of suppressing a smile, although her eyes are sparkling with silent laughter.
Dean zones out while he eats, the bunker completely silent around him.
grabbed the gunwale and hauled itself into the boat…? Or had it stowed away with him?
Dean’s skin is just beginning to crawl when a calm voice says, “I wondered when you would find your way here.”
He recalls the simultaneous relief and ache of it. Giving himself over to the fall, and being truly unafraid. The righteous, riotous joy of expressing the most profound of emotions.
,” Dean says calmly, “coming near my family again.” He plunges the angel blade into Lucifer’s chest and watches grimly as he dies, gasping and twitching.
Mary nods. “I know,” she says quietly.
Alex smiles. “Speaking of things with names on, that’s for you.” She gestures at the gift.
Enjoy your nerd show
He sits back on the floor as it catches, and soon the heat is hitting his face with delicious intensity. He moves to the couch and stretches out, the blanket draped loosely over him as he soaks up the warmth.
“Sam, for the love of… the entire fucking universe,” Dean says, staring at him, wide-eyed, “use protection.”
“You know what I’ve been thinking?” Mary says, looking up at Sam.
Castiel gives him a look. “I happen to be very old.”
“It wouldn’t have any effect on him.”
Dean clears his throat. “First of all, I just want to say that this whole thing was an accident.” Castiel doesn’t say anything, so Dean continues, relating the details about the spelled firewood and what he’d learned from Kaia on the phone.
“If I’d known about your deal,” Dean says, “we could have fixed it. I wish you’d told me.”
“Thank you,” Sam says quietly. They both look out at the mountains, and there’s a pause. Inside, Dean’s just about to tip over the edge into an abyss of uncertainty about his own future, when Sam casually yanks him back. “You ever think about what you want?”
They smile at each other, then Dean presses into Castiel’s side and points to the ring on the right. “That one’s yours. I made it second, so it turned out better than the first one.”
Jack’s frown deepens. “How are you going to find anyone?”
Gabriel holds up a placating hand. “I’ll only be gone for a little while. Just long enough to get my head on straight, so I can be there for the kid. I know Heaven’s a mess, and Dad’s not coming back anytime soon, so Jack is gonna be the one to fix things. I’ll be around to help, don’t worry.”
The familiar sound of the bunker door opening reaches them, and Dean’s heartbeat trips over itself.
Dean sits down with his back against the hull, thinking hard.
” Dean roars. “So we’re even, now—I hope you’re fucking happy! I—” Dean bites the words back.
He remembers being so desperate to get rid of Chuck, he’d been willing to sacrifice Jack. His own son.
He remembers his delight, his
Dean feels a prickle of frustration.
Dean moves off into the desert, eyeing the darkness that looms at its border like a terrible storm.
“Yeah, well, I’m going out more than you are,” Dean retorts.
“Dean,” Jack says, smiling a little uncertainly.
Dean turns his head and sees that snow has begun to fall in thick, whirling flakes. He smiles. “Good thing I’ve got you here to keep me warm,” he murmurs.
Dean shoves the centerboard in, takes the tiller, and then gathers the slack in the mainsheet until the sail is taut and they’re moving again, following the pull in his chest.
“You have?” Mary says, her expression hopeful.
Inside, the lower chapel is deserted, so they make their way up a narrow stone spiral staircase to the upper chapel. Here, the gilded buttresses soar to an incredible height, glinting in beautiful contrast with the deep blue of the ceiling vaults.
It’s a horde.
Gabriel frowns at him. “Listen, Sam. You got a lot going for you, but Dean was right. You look kinda rough.”
Castiel gazes down at his hands in his lap. “There was… an intrusion.”
“See what?” Sam yells back.
Sam says, “You know it doesn’t have to be some big-deal thing, right?”
In Hell, in his suffering, Dean cries out for his brother. And after he’s saved, the moment he sees Sam again is the moment it becomes real for him.
. Univer
Castiel briefly clenches his jaw and his voice is patient but strained. “Because like I said before, they’re part of my
Kinda heavy don’t you think?
Sam’s ears are filled with the rush of wind, with the clattering of frantic wingbeats. He feels his center of gravity shifting wildly, and he focuses on the pressure of Jack’s hand in his. He prays fervently:
“Yeah,” Dean says quickly. “I just…” He shakes his head and glances up at the sky, visible through a break in the canopy.
Dean realizes this must be why he hasn’t experienced any hassle since he got here, despite so many hostile residents being awake.
Cas looked down at his hands as he considered the question. When he woke up in the cabin he had barely any memory of what happened, the only thing he was sure of was the fact that he was in a lot of pain. Now, after regaining his healing abilities, his body had recovered a little and he was able to think clearly, which sadly didn't stop the wave of nauseating fear that rushed through him as he recalled everything that happened from the moment he disappeared from the bunker.
Dean took both of their cups and carried them, while Cas opened the door for them. They walked around outside and Cas picked a small bench with many pillows on it behind a rose hedge, shielding them from the view from inside. He relaxed as soon as they sat down, and Dean pressed a kiss to his forehead.
Cas was still happily munchin his pancakes (Dean had donated his own maple syrup to him) while Sam got up to take a shower. He threw Cas a smile on his way to the bathroom after asking if he wanted to shower first, which the angel denied.
“Just that he knows you, and that you’re good people.” Dean wipes crumbs off the counter. “He’s not usually that complimentary, so that’s high praise coming from him.”
Dean smiled into Cas's shoulder before pulling back. "It's fine, that shit died with him."
Dean held onto this, trying to navigate out of the gloom. His head felt a bit clearer, and he let his arm sink back to his side. Tim was crouching next to him, concern written clearly on his face.
“Fucking peachy. Here’s your shit, enjoy.” Dean turned to leave, ready to let this crappy day end.
“Sure, Dean. I’m glad you called.”
“I’m sorry,” he says, and Cas looks up at him.
“We’re going to Urgent Care. Do you have some flip flops maybe? Don’t think you can get your foot into a shoe like that.” Ben started looking around, but Dean shook his head no.
“No ulterior motives?”
“We got a call this afternoon from Sandover, they asked if we could cater a meeting they’ve got on Tuesday. Would be thirty cinnamon rolls and twenty chocolate muffins.”
Dean frowned and read the letter again. He imagined he’d get a little bit more info about what he’d actually be doing, but apparently not. With a frustrated huff he started the car, threw one last dirty look towards the rundown building he’d just left, and drove home.
Books are bought, clothes collected, and everyone seems to have something laying around from their own kids they want to give. Cas buys two giant teddy bears in different colors, and laughs at Dean for the pile of small band shirts in their living room.
Cas sounded so relieved and happy that Dean wanted to cry.
Cas smiles at his hands. “We can use whichever ones you like. I’m not gonna make cookie rules in someone else's house.”
Cas shakes his head. “You couldn’t have. It was my choice to not tell you.”
Dean froze at that. He had shared nothing with Sam about his and Cas' conversation outside, but right now he was too tired for secrets and just hoped Cas wouldn't be mad at him for talking about it.
"The people here are, as you most likely know yourself, quite often homophobic," Cas started. "I was lucky enough to not encounter the more, let’s say passionate,” he smiled sadly, “kind until I was an adult. I went away for college and came back here when I was twenty four. I had a boyfriend in college, but we had separated after graduation. I've never really known anyone here.
“It’s okay. You don't have to tell me, but what did happen?"
Cas, Cas,
"'m okay. Just—no, not really super okay actually. I know I'm normally all okie-dokie but it's not like that today, Cas. Or the past days, or week. Or month, really. Year? Sorry, 'm rambling. Hey, did I tell you my toilet looks like you now?"
“I’m not,” Cas says gently, “but I try. I love you.”
Cas shakes his head. “No. I’ll probably be just home.”
Cas is tied up in a small cabin, there are graphic descriptions of injuries that were inflicted on him.  Skip the part between the " * " if you do not want to read it, the part afterwards only describes face injuries in a more detailed manner. Also, lots of blood.
"These were a lot worse yesterday but they healed up well. Do you want some painkillers?" Deean moved to get up but, Cas other hand shot out immediately and grasped at Dean's shirt.
"No Cas, I'm really here. Sam and I, we got you out and you're safe now, I promise you. I got you." Dean tried to get through to Cas, but he seemed too out of it to really understand what he was saying. Cas just smiled softly, then dropped his hand and his eyes fell close again.
Dean gives them a half-hearted smile and then drags himself to his room, sits in the dark on his bed and thinks.
Cas hummed in reply. "What an apt description. You should consider becoming a poet."
The man nods to the right. “He was called into a patient’s room a few minutes ago. I know he hasn't taken his break yet. You can wait here.”
“C’mere,” Dean mumbles and Cas doesn’t need a second invitation in the slightest. The mattress creaks as Cas slips in next to him. Dean goes to turn off the bedside lamp but a warm hand on his side stops him from turning back. Cas moves and presses up behind him, guides Dean to lie down and worms his arm around Dean’s middle.
They get each other rings a few weeks later. A small Etsy shop owner listens to their wishes for details on the phone for over an hour, and they send in photos of Enochian letters.
Dean shakes his head. “Don’t worry about it,” he says. “The others can be a lot and kinda just entertain themselves. You’re great, they’ll like you, and if not they gotta fight me about it.”
Cas smiles gently. "Likewise, Dean."
“I—” Dean started, but he gave up immediately. Mostly, he was too tired, but he really didn't want to keep sitting in the atmosphere of pure disappointment that had been created in the last ten minutes. “No thanks, I’ll manage,” he said, got up and left the office. He walked to his locker, grabbed his jacket, phone and keys, and left. He didn't look at the others, didn't react to his name being called. He exited the building and sat in his car. The glove compartment held this morning's bottle. A long swig and off he went, forcing himself to pay attention to his surroundings while he drove. Ten minutes later found him in front of Cas’s house. He got out and knocked, knocked again and then shot Cas a text.
A whimper sets them on high alert. Dean readies his own dagger. A nod from Cas and they’re off, split and each following one wall until they both reach a new room. There's the boy, slumped on a chair in the middle. A dirty naked lightbulb swings above him, and around him an intricate floral pattern is drawn on the floor in blood.
Another thorough stretch of his back and he made his way across the yard to the patio to place the shears back where Cas had taken them from. A creak announced Cas's return, and Dean happily noticed the two bottles of pink lemonade in his hands.
Dean felt small waves of shame crashing over him every day at how dependant he had become on Cas, how much he needed his help and reassurance. He felt like he was forcing Cas to be his caretaker, while Cas was adamant about giving Dean the support he needed. Even so, Dean still felt like an ungrateful leech.
“This is amazing,” Dean mumbled. “Is there anything you can't do?”
Cas nodded at his proposal. They awkwardly shuffled around each other, Cas almost falling twice, but then he was back in the spray of almost too hot water and sighed contently. He carefully bend forward to grab the bar of soap and Dean couldn't help but stare at the bruises on his back, Cas' muscles tensing every few seconds, undoubtedly in pain.
“Sam. You okay?”
“He OD'd,” Gabriel almost whispered after a few minutes and Dean felt like his stomach just fell out of his ass. Alfie had drug problems?
"I was planning to stay for another day, but Sam texted me he'd be away with Eileen."
“Yes,” he says, and there’s so much emotion on Cas’ face as he pulls out and moves back in. Dean closes his eyes, wraps his legs around Cas’ hips and clings to him.
"There we go," Dean said as Cas was completely dry. He picked up the sweatpants and slowly slid them over Cas' legs. He then picked up his own socks and slid them over Cas' feet.
Cas looked so serious that Dean was concerned for a moment, before seeing Ben's mock stare back at him. His eyes flicked to Dean for a second and he winked before staring at Cas again.
“Is he...well, he didn’t open the door when I was there, and he seemed uhm, upset? That you weren’t there instead of me.” Dean shifted from one foot to the other. “I was just wondering if he’s alright, or what’s—”
Bobby nods and takes a few notes. “Anything else?”
’ blink at him. Images fly around in his head; Cas watering a plant, in a beekeeper outfit, fresh flowers in a vase on a table Dean doesn’t recognize.
A few months go by with an abundance of visits to play with Mary, spend time with Matt and Alec. Cas gets accepted into the University of Missouri, and takes his classes online. He works from home mostly, and Dean collapses into his arms after long days at the bunker. Cas finishes his first semester, acing every exam, and Dean’s filled with pride.
Today the snow covers most of it, and he has to wipe it away to have Cas sit next to him. It’s a tight fit for two people, but Dean doesn’t mind.
"Alright, son, sit down."
“What’s up?” Dean asks, and he feels Cas take a tiny step towards him.
A cloud settled over his head, muffling everything and separating him from his surroundings. My brain isn’t working, he thinks. He’d gone to a therapist, once, many years ago. Sam had suggested it, his skinny fingers holding a pamphlet from his university's health department. The man hadn't been trying to force him to open up with fake understanding, but patiently explained what he thought Dean was struggling with, and how he could help. He had given him a new appointment, a smiley sticker, and a pat on the shoulder.
“It actually is important,” Dean said. Sam nodded.
"Do you want to bring something? Sleep clothes, a DVD?" Cas's voice was a bit further away now and sounded a bit hollow, Dean guessed he was on speaker and he could hear Cas rummaging around in whatever room he was in.
One week later, a man shows up.
The part of the garden he had just stepped into was similar to the front yard, but even more beautiful. A small path made from cobblestone wound its way through the thriving plants, green everywhere around him. Bursts of pink, yellow and blue were revealed with every breeze; the amount of beautiful flowers surpassed Dean's imagination. He walked along the path slowly, letting his hands touch the plants he passed, feeling their soft leaves and making sure to only graze the petals.
“The latter,” Cas says. “I’m sorry you had to take care of that mess.”
Then he lifted his hand and placed it on his heart, and Dean didn't need him to say anything to understand. He mirrored the gesture, feeling his own rapidly beating heart under his fingertips.
Dean gives him a thumbs up while chewing the last bite of his sandwich. Sam salutes them and leaves the kitchen.
"Hi," Dean said and Cas kissed his cheek.
He accepts Dean’s hand, and his fingers are warm and dry as they slide into Dean’s palm. Cas steps towards him, and Dean breathes him in.
"It's perfect," he said and felt Cas relax. He let go again to pick up the plate with their food and set it right in front of them.
Hello!
Loved Cas.
“I am. I’m pretty sure, at least. And that’s as good as it’s going to get. I want to do this with you,” Cas said and Dean leaned forward to rest their foreheads together.
Cas laughs and signs with Eileen, but too fast for Dean to follow, though Cas does give her his hand to show the ring at one point. Dean just grins at Sam, who smiles back and claps him on the shoulder.
“I need a nap or something,” Dean mumbles after a moment and scoots back on the bed, lies down fully and closes his eyes. He stretches until he feels his knee pop and his toes curl. His shirt rides up his stomach, but he doesn’t care. He feels the bed dip and opens one eye to see Cas lying down next to him. Dean watches him roll up the sleeves of his shirt, sees him struggle to fold it tight enough but lets him try until he succeeds.
“The room we’re in is the main room of the center. We also call it living room or even home, if we’re feeling extra sensitive.” Ben grinned at Dean.
The drive to the cafe took them a bit less time than anticipated; there wasn’t a lot of traffic. Dean held Cas’s hand as much as he could while driving, and they talked about anything and everything. Cas seemed anxious, his concentration shifted from the conversation often and he fiddled with either his clothes or something in Dean’s car.
When Dean got up the next morning, the bed was empty and he felt awful. He had a headache so strong he thought his brain was falling apart, and he quickly grabbed a pain pill from Cas’s bedroom stash. He got dressed and clomped down the stairs where he found Cas sitting in the living room, his laptop on his lap and Hannah lounging next to him.
When they arrived, they took their time getting out of the car. Cas seemed determined, so Dean decided against asking if he was okay to not run the risk of making him overthink anything. Dean took his hand and led them into the building.
"I'm gonna be rude and stop you right there, buddy. I don't give a rat’s ass what you look like, alright?"
,” Dean says. “Got lots of stuff.”
“Those two people being your parents?” Dean guessed. “Or your siblings? Do you have siblings?”
He fit in them, even though they were about four years old. Figures, he thought. Being too poor to consistently afford food was great for your figure.
“And you
Dean hands the phone over and watches Cas’ eyes move quickly as he reads.
He had always been bad at using words, and still was, so he did the next best thing. He reached out to Cas, like he had one of the first times they'd spoken.
“I cleaned up your face and hands, brought you the blanket and pillow and made you drink some water. I tried to get you inside before that, but you were very stubborn and I didn't want to accidentally hurt you. I wasn’t sure if you needed to go to the hospital, but from the vomit I figured you’d be okay, and you reacted when I pinched your arm.”
His eyes wander to Cas, and he does a double take. Cas' eyes are bright, a single tear track on his cheek. He's gripping the end of the bed so tightly his knuckles are white, and as Dean steps closer he can see a faint shimmer around him, emitting a soft blue light like an aura.
“I told you not to worry. You got a nice and sparkly soul in there.” Dean pushes back Cas’ hair, trails kisses over his forehead. “I love you.”
“Wichita?”
The fairy lights around the pergola were on, throwing a warm but soft light onto the porch itself. The stairs were flanked by huge candles, adding to the comforting and warm lighting.
“I thought your grace wasn’t strong enough to heal?” Sam looks between Cas’ furrowed brows and Dean.
“Well done, Castiel.”
Dean waves.
“You’re an amazing artist,” Castiel said and Pamela walked over to him. Standing next to her, and without the strong smells of other people, he noticed her dark floral perfume and involuntarily took a small step away from her.
"I'll be back in five," Dean said and left the room.
Cas walked over to him and pulled him onto his feet singlehandedly. "Thanks," Dean muttered while slapping the dust off of the back of his jeans. "Great, I just washed those. Your way back was fine though? No problems? I remember I wanted to check up on your shitty car." Dean looked at Cas and noticed how he quickly flicked his eyes to his face. What had he been looking at?
“This wasn't your fault. You couldn't have known, think about it. If Inias didn't know enough to stop them, and they LIVED together, how could you? Do NOT blame yourself for this, okay? This isn't your fault, man.” Dean watched with growing horror as tears started to gather in Gabriel's eyes and before he could say something, his friend was crying. Dean grimaced and pulled him into his arms, holding him tight and shushing him.
They light the sparklers, and Cas looks happily at Dean as he raises his hand high. Tiny sparks fall down, illuminating Cas’ hand. The remnants of the long arms of the explosions carry color and light over the little clearing, and the reflections glide over Cas’ hair in waves. The pops and crackles of the fireworks fade into the background again, barely registering anymore, and Dean only has eyes for Cas.
“You can’t ignore the best thing about Christmas!” Charlie says.
"Nothing," Sam grinned at him. "No worries. Should we uh, head out?"
Dean freezes, turns back to Cas and nudges him. “Hey,” he says gently. “You’re havin’ a nightmare, wake up.”
Dean almost stumbles but catches himself. He wonders if Cas overheard them, and hopes not. He turns, a fake grin prepared and nods at Cas who’s standing in the hallway in his pajamas.
"Yes," Cas says quietly. "The pie I had was wonderful. I figured I'd like some more dishes with fruit in them." He takes the two slices of white bread Dean gives him and puts them on one of their mismatched Ikea plates, then cuts off the crust with military precision.
"Cabin?" Dean went a few steps to the left and spotted the house Sam was talking about. It had been hidden behind the smaller warehouse and sat a few hundred feed next to the taller building.
"I said I'd look into it, see if i can dig up anything that might be a hint about nephilims. Cas said that maybe South America might be a good start." Sam got up and without him looking, a small piece of paper fell off of his lap and dropped on the floor between the couch and the end of the bed.
“Relax.” Gabriel touches two fingers to Sam’s forehead, then pulls his hand away.
Dean picks at the label on his beer bottle.
One day, he’ll tell Castiel everything. But right now, he can’t bear to think about the desert. His anger, and
“You were making a joke,” Jack says, turning to Gabriel, who has found the candy stash in the corner cupboard.
Dean goes to the bedroom and fumbles through his coat pockets for his cell phone. When he turns it on, there are seven missed calls from Claire.
Early on, Dean had tucked his memories and thoughts of Sam and Jack away, carrying them with him but keeping them safely out of reach, so as to concentrate on the task at hand. He knows they’re taking care of things on their end, so he has to make sure he does, too.
Dean glances away from Sam, and Castiel knows that Sam’s words have moved him. “Alright,” Dean says, making a
They regard each other for a long moment.
“No, literally, though,” Kaia says. “She’s doing kickboxing. But she gets amazing grades, too. All without using her powers.”
Energy renewed, they flip through their guidebook and make a series of flights in rapid succession: Saint Basil’s Cathedral in Russia, Hagia Sophia in Turkey, Cologne Cathedral in Germany, the Rock-Hewn Churches of Lalibela in Ethiopia, Las Lajas Shrine in Colombia.
Dean clenches his jaw and his hands curl into fists.
“So how come I can’t touch them?”
Kat’s bow is pointing at a distant beach shrouded in mist, where dark rock formations lurk like massive hunched beasts.
Dean crosses the room and leans heavily against the table, shoulder to shoulder with Castiel, his eyes fixed on the floor.
And Dean had stared at him for what was probably a dangerous length of road before finally tearing his eyes away to look out the windshield again, brow furrowed in consternation. “That means we gotta plan a wedding.” His voice had been filled with dread.
He cries out, hands scrabbling at the snow, but he can’t get a hold, and then he’s sliding.
There’s also no life jacket.
“After that,” Amara says, picking up the story, “he made the other angels and placed you among them. And from this point, everything proceeded as we know it: Lucifer fell, humanity came into being, and everyone believed that Chuck was God.” Amara sighs softly, and the stars in her hair seem to dim.
He can’t tell who it is; they’re floating on their back, arms drifting at their sides. He’s just wondering whether the person is drowned or somehow only sleeping when one of their hands spasms, lifting up out of the water in an empty grasping motion.
“Dean—” Sam lays a hand on his arm, but Dean shakes him off.
Dean meets Castiel’s eyes, smiling a little, and squeezes his hand back. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make you worry.”
But then he raises his eyes to Castiel’s, and a few breathless seconds pass. Dean’s smile falters, his brows pulling together, and Castiel can see the wave of emotion crashing over him—it’s the same one that’s rising inside of him, battering at his rib cage. They both step forward, catching each other in a fierce embrace.
Jack lifts his head and smiles wearily as the glow in his eyes fades.
Finally he takes a deep breath and opens his eyes. Outside, the light is nearly gone, and from the looks of the weather, the roads might be a little tricky.
It’s there.
“Great, now he’s stealing my candy,” Dean grumbles. “You’re literally one of the most powerful beings around, and you gotta take
Dean blinks. Is he being spared?
Over by the reading table, Gabriel and Michael are speaking in low voices. Dean glances around the library. “Where’s Death?”
Alastair raises his eyebrows at Dean. “Do you have a different answer for me today, Dean? Are you finally ready to get off this rack?” He taps the frame with the whip’s handle. “Hm? Are you going to torture souls for me?”
They move further into the forest, far enough that they can’t see the lights of the tent or the grounds. The noise of the party is faint beneath the nighttime chorus of insects and the occasional breeze stirring the leaves in the trees. Dean leads Castiel a little ways off the path, to one of the pools of light surrounding a lit tree.
The man wraps an arm around Dean, hauls him to his feet and hugs him to his chest. The hand on his arm is burning hot, but it doesn’t hurt; for the first time in decades Dean feels soothed. The sensation races through him, chasing away the icy cold, the smoke and the sulphur.
“Hi,” Dean says. “I’m home. I just got home.”
“When I move it.”
“Okay!” Mary says brightly. She redirects her attention to Dean and Sam, who are still squabbling. “Boys, cut it out.” They close their mouths abruptly. “It’s time to get this show on the road,” Mary says, and grins at Castiel.
“Welcome home,” Castiel says. “How was your trip?”
“Michael,” Castiel says. “Gabriel.” They cross the room warily.
As he focuses on Dean an expression of wonder blooms on his face. “Dean?”
For the most part, Dean gets why Cas had said everything he’d said. The one thing he
“You’re damn right I will,” Gabriel says gravely. “Look after everyone for me,” he adds. “I like these guys.” Gabriel takes a sip of his stolen beer and clears his throat. “Especially SAM WINCHESTER!”
Next, Gabriel explains how and when to utilize the centerboard—the retractable keel in the hull. He teaches Dean how to hold and maneuver both the tiller—which controls the rudder—and the mainsheet—the rope that controls the sail—and how to position his arms to avoid fatigue. Dean won’t ever simply be able to sit back and let the boat carry him; he’ll need to be in control at all times, making adjustments to the tiller and sail as needed. It’s a lot more like driving a car than Dean would have guessed.
Once Jack has tucked the laptop back into his backpack, he looks over at Sam. “Ready?” he asks. He’s talking about the thirty-minute prayer session they do before going to sleep.
“Hey. Yeah.” Dean shuts his laptop and sets it aside. “Still kinda wired, I guess.”
He hurries down the sidewalk toward Eileen’s house and pauses at the end of her front walk to take a deep breath. The air is filled with the mingled scents of flowers from the neighbor’s garden.
“You do like your own space.”
Castiel remains silent for a moment. “So you’re saying that… everything down by the lake—that was just you,” he says evenly. “Not the spell, impairing your judgement.”
“Suits, tuxes—whatever you want to wear.” Dean opens his mouth but Sam, not even glancing up, says, “Dean, you’re not wearing Fed threads to your wedding.” Dean shuts his mouth, and Sam moves on. “Rings.”
He’s holding a belt, with one end of it wrapped around his palm and the buckle clasped loosely in his other hand. Alastair saunters toward Dean and Dean takes a couple of wobbly steps backward, drawing his angel blade as his heartbeat kicks into overdrive.
Wistful.
“Listen,” Charlie says quickly, holding up one hand, “what I did wasn’t easy, and it
Castiel lets out a small sigh, as if he knows Dean’s right but he doesn’t want to let himself off the hook.
“Somehow I have a hard time—”
For a moment, Dean remembers another middle-of-the-night, another apocalypse. He remembers Castiel waiting for him in Bobby’s kitchen.
“‘May the roof above never fall in, and may we below never fall out.’” He smiles faintly. “That one’s Irish, but I think it suits, don’t you?” He quirks his eyebrow at Castiel and disappears.
“Yeah, I know what you’re after. But you’re not getting out of here.”
(See the end of the chapter for
His fingers flex around the blade’s handle, and then he raises it.
The ceremony isn’t until five, so after they’ve eaten, they stick around to kill time over coffee. Dean holds Castiel’s hand under the table, thumb stroking back and forth, as if to tell Castiel that his mind is only half-focused on the chatter.
Dean nods. He’s not gonna stand in the way of that—especially when he knows Castiel will come back.
Eileen returns his kiss with equal enthusiasm, only pulling away after a long moment to nuzzle him. Pulse racing, Sam slowly opens his eyes and looks down at her.
“Well.” Castiel takes Dean’s hands. “Marriage has existed for thousands of years. The proof of identity and paperwork are relatively new developments.” He smiles. “We don’t need approval from your government for a marriage between us to be real.” Dean’s expression eases and he nods.
“What’s that about?” Dean asks, his eyebrows raised in a way that implies he isn’t sure he wants to know the answer.
He keeps to the back roads, and every so often he passes a farmhouse. Most are dark but a couple of them have a single window illuminated, blue and flickering from the light of a television. He drives past fields of winter wheat; planted last fall, it had waited through winter and it’ll be ready for harvest any day now, before the worst of the summer heat strikes. The roads and fields seem to go on forever, but it’s comforting, compared to the exacting endlessness of the Empty’s landscapes.
While I didn’t deliberately draw inspiration from a wonderful little tumblr tag ficlet by
The past three weeks, they’ve made good time across Europe and Asia, with multiple flights a day. The farther east they’ve gone, the less jarring the destruction; out here, it had been the middle of the night when everyone had vanished.
“So maybe it is him,” Jack says.
Your turn.
“So what happens if I run into a storm?”
“I was, too,” Castiel says. “I think we all were. But we made it, and your life can be whatever you want it to be. And no matter what you decide to do, now or in the future, your mother will be safe. There are some changes planned for Heaven—things will be better, and stable, and soon you’ll be able to visit her.” He smiles.
There is a soft knock at the door. Castiel clears his throat and calls, “Come in.”
“You bringing the dog?”
Dean shades his eyes, but still he sees nothing.
Mary checks her watch and turns to them. “Okay… It’s almost noon. Should we go over the plan?” She glances at Dean and Sam, who are arguing about past pranks.
Has he failed?
“Rowena’s been coming by a lot, huh?” Dean says casually.
“Thank you,” Dean murmurs.
“Knowing these two, we’ll have to be ready to intervene.”
“It’s a good-luck tradition for brides,” Mary says, opening the box carefully. “This wedding doesn’t have any brides, but you can’t say no to a little luck, so we’re setting the both of you up with everything you need.”
“First we need to get back to the bunker,” Sam says. Michael disappears with a rustle of wings, leaving the candles flickering.
“We’re working on the plans now,” Castiel says.
“More importantly,” Castiel says, “I might be immortal, but that doesn’t mean I think it would be pointless.” He looks into Dean’s eyes, and hopes Dean might somehow sense the depth of his emotion. “I love you, and I’m deeply honored that you would ask me to marry you.” He adds, “To be honest, I wasn’t sure if marriage was something
Heart beating hard, he opens his eyes and looks down at the scar on his arm. Tentatively, he lays his hand over it, aligns his fingers with Castiel’s.
But there is none.
Dean realizes then that Castiel’s eyes are still glowing. He wears an utterly blank expression, arms down at his sides, looking for all the world like he’s in standby mode.
“For those of you who don’t know me,” he says, “I’m Sam Winchester, and Dean is my older brother.”
Please see the end notes for this chapter’s content warnings.
Castiel turns to look at him but makes no reply.
As she works to pin the boutonniere onto his lapel, she says, “I was talking to Rowena a while back, and she said that although the Victorians were a little uptight for her, she appreciated their love of the language of flowers. I poked around on the internet, and apparently the waxflower symbolizes love that endures time and trials. And forget-me-nots represent fidelity, long-lasting connection, and remembrance.”
Castiel and Dean exchange a smile.
Dean’s heart stops.
Castiel takes a bite and considers it. “It is, but I have to say I prefer the ones you make.”
.” He gives Dean an imploring look.
“This is so special,” Jack says, still marveling. But then he looks worried. “Do I need to give a speech?”
“In a manner of speaking,” Castiel says, his voice clipped, and Dean is reminded of the Castiel he’d first known—the no-nonsense warrior of Heaven.
“Maybe she did!” Alex laughs a little. “I don’t think she’d tell me if she had, though. She’s pretty secretive about her visions. I think she knows I’d want to figure things out for myself. I haven’t ruled out being a doctor, but I do like being a nurse. Just like you love hunting. And we both love our families. So overall, things are good, right? But sometimes…” She shrugs.
“Shut up,” Dean says, surprised.
There’s a tiny, fond smile on Sam’s face that Dean misses entirely because he’s gazing at Castiel, but Castiel catches it.
Above, the sky is a strip of billowy, dark gray clouds. The light is dim, the static sun hidden somewhere out of sight beyond one of the crags.
In the hallway leading to the archive room, Dean breaks into a run.
Dean glances over with a smile. “Hey, there he is.”
They meet in the middle of the room, their arms sliding around each other, mouths slotting together, tongues brushing. Castiel presses his hand to Dean’s cheek as they exchange unhurried kisses, and Dean pulls Castiel as close as he can get, his hand firm on his lower back.
“Oh, yes, please,” Jack says. “Can I help?”
It’s nighttime here, and the air is cool. Gabriel is leaning against the railing at the top of the steps leading down to the outer door.
The fact that Cas had said knowing Dean had changed him… that, Dean has an easier time with. He remembers who Cas had been: an unfathomable being Dean had been quietly fascinated by. But rigid and cold. And somewhere along the way, fascination became familiarity. Rigid became gentle, and cold became warm.
?” he screams into the desert. He wishes he had something to punch, something to destroy.
“I promise you.” Castiel props himself up on one arm, then leans down and kisses Dean’s forehead, and any sense of worry Dean had fades away.
But then Dean takes a bite of the muffin—the first thing he’s eaten in three very long months—and he can’t think about anything but the tang of blueberries, the burst of cinnamon on his tongue, and the way it melts in his mouth. He chokes back a moan, covering it with a cough.
Amara looks at Dean, and her glowing gaze pierces him. “The presence of monsters doesn’t require you to give up your lives, figuratively or literally, in order to fight them.” Gently, she says, “People die, for all kinds of reasons. That’s a part of life.
Dean nods and takes a few moments to find the right words. “I know you and Eileen are serious,” he says finally. “And I’m sure you don’t wanna build a life in a bunker with a bunch of hunters coming and going all the time.” The words are hard to say, but he means them, and the smile that brightens Sam’s face makes saying them worth it.
“For your sake and Sam’s, I don’t, either,” Dean says. “I’ll do my best.”
Michael turns away from them and gazes up into the shadowy recesses of the apse. “I have been praying, as you have been.”
“Hey, Jack,” Dean says, knocking on the door frame. “You got a minute?”
But to his surprise, Chuck doesn’t react to this—not with a glare, or amusement, or anything in between. Instead, he says, “How’s it going?”
There’s always someone on the other side of the door.
“Hey,” he says urgently. “What’s going on? Are you okay? Is Jack okay?”
“I do,” Dean says, with a solemn nod, his eyes on Castiel’s.
“No, let me finish,” Dean says, holding up a hand. “I was a dick to you, after you got your wings back, and I’m sorry.” He wants to explain further, but he shuts his mouth. A good apology doesn’t make excuses.
He has to admit that it’s beautiful.
“Claire, I promise you I’m fine,” Dean says.
Jack appears to consider this, then says, “I think we should wait for Cas.”
“Welcome back,” he says into the microphone. “Have a seat, Dean.”
“You been busy?”
Amara nods. “Many of the monsters you’ve encountered were created by Eve, who was created by Chuck. But humans also developed their own magics, their own beliefs, their own gods.” There’s a slight, admiring smile on her lips. “For better or worse, the supernatural is woven into the fabric of this universe. And thanks to Chuck’s constant and significant interference, that fabric is now incredibly delicate. There’s only so much I can—” She cuts herself off, pauses, and then says, “There is only so much I am willing to change.”
For the first time, Alastair spares him.
Dean opens his eyes, immediately wide awake and unsure as to why.
Dean nods and sucks in a breath, then pulls Sam and Jack into a small huddle, one hand on each of their shoulders.
“Cas?” Dean takes a cautious step closer. “You remember me, right?” He stares at Castiel imploringly. “It’s me. Dean.”
Now all he has left is the ugly lie, and its wrongness is unbearable. So he lets go of it—the idea he’s been clinging to.
But his tone is distant; he’s a million miles away.
But he can’t take Castiel home, because if he does then Ezekiel will leave and Sam will die.
“When they first met, both of them challenged each other’s core beliefs—about existence, and about themselves. But I’ve watched them change and grow together: learning to trust each other, and becoming the best of friends, and falling in love.” He smiles. “They’ve saved a lot of people over the years—hell, they’ve helped save
“I’m okay.” Dean swallows, wide-eyed, and gives a shaky nod. “I’m okay.”
“We’ve come too far,” Jack says, breathing hard from the chase, his eyes still on Michael.
Jack is listening with rapt attention.
“But what is it for? You’re not adding it to the armory, are you?”
“Oh,” Dean realizes. “Let me guess: orders. Gotta keep an eye on me, right, since the fate of the world rests with me, and all that shit.” He sighs, weariness settling over him.
When Dean wakes, he reaches for Castiel, twining their hands together. Their wedding bands glint in the light of the new day.
After a long moment, Dean says, “Where are we?”
“Sam Winchester, ever the advocate for normalcy,” Dean says, but there’s no malice in his voice. He just smiles a little and shakes his head.
Castiel takes a few steps into the room. “It’s been… an emotional few days.”
The hand bears a ring with a white stone.
Castiel tilts his head back and laughs, and Dean grins at him, and there’s the sound of the camera shutters.
“Thanks,” Dean says, feeling oddly touched.
Castiel closes his eyes as Dean’s lips find his neck, his tongue hot over his pulse. “I know exactly what I’m doing,” he murmurs against Castiel’s skin.
“You can have the house more to yourself,” Castiel had said.
gets boring. Sometimes it’s fun to let the characters surprise you.”
“I’m fine,” Sam says, but then he starts coughing.
On the drive to Sam and Eileen’s that morning—with a stop at Mary’s planned for afterward—Dean had suddenly said, “Dude… Fuck.”
“The awakened. Angels and demons.”
“This is wonderful news! When? Did you already…?”
He says, “You two better not be talking too much shit about me.” This, he doesn’t sign—not because he doesn’t know the word for
. You and all your messy human feelings churning around in that soul of yours.” From the corner of his eye, Dean sees Crowley shudder in revulsion.
They join Sam, Eileen, and Mary in Lebanon at their favorite diner for breakfast.
Sam and Mary are taking a walk in the woods near the bunker one afternoon, and Sam is marveling at the remarkable, deceptive simplicity of it all. They’re not hunting a monster in these woods, they’re strolling in companionable silence. And his mother died before he could ever remember her, yet here she is, with her arm in his.
“Hey,” Dean says.
“Well, if it’s true, then I’d advise you to think happy thoughts. Come on, take us back in. I’ll show you a couple of other things.”
“Okay, you got a point, there,” Dean says, inclining his head.
Except for Dean.
The laptop battery won’t last forever, so Jack has only watched the videos of his mother a handful of times since they set out. Sam regrets that they never had photos printed for him from stills of the video.
“The gas station opens at seven,” Castiel says, “so I need to be there at six-thirty.”
Dean pushes himself forward to sit on the edge of the couch, unable to help himself. “How do they…” He gestures. “How do they do that?”
Jack’s eyes are bright. “I would go to a church.”
the Entity?”
magazine?”
“Take a look around,” Crowley says. “This is
“I am alone,” Michael says, looking away. “And my father refuses to answer me.”
“Balance was always deeply important to me,” Amara says. “I recognized that death is necessary to life, and Death and I became dear friends.” She smiles at him. “But Chuck was threatened by our friendship.”
Gasping, Dean opens his eyes to find that the sky is already clearing, and the wind and the flames have ceased. Chuck has collapsed, and Death is helping Amara to her feet.
As Dean gets a feel for the boat in the water and the wind in the sail, things quickly come together. The first time Gabriel directs him to tack, he ducks under the swinging boom, moves to the other side of the boat, and swaps the controls over to his other hand, all in one seamless motion.
More screams; there is a distinct finality to these horrible noises that transfixes Dean.
Sam blinks. “Yeah.”
Dean looks up, and Chuck is standing in the center of the clearing. Cradled in one arm is a tall, red-and-white-striped bag filled with popcorn, and as Dean stares, Chuck eats a handful of it noisily.
Castiel smiles. “I’m sure we will.”
Dean swallows and says, “I am
He’s tracing the shape of them when suddenly they begin to fade from sight. He catches the ghostly movement of them folding against Castiel’s back before they disappear, and when he looks at Castiel, his eyes have returned to normal.
“We’re in the Empty—I came to get you.” Dean’s talking fast, a tremor in his voice and a shaky grin on his face. “You didn’t think I was just gonna let you go, did you? Come on, up.” He tugs on Castiel’s coat. “Up. We gotta go.”
Dean feels a flicker of shame. He swallows hard, then stows his blade and shakes Gadreel’s hand firmly.
But he doesn’t want to have to carry it the whole time.
Dean closes his eyes, jaw clenched, and pinches the bridge of his nose for a long moment.
Castiel nods, finally looking at him. “Yes, I’m good.”
“I hope you like it,” Jack says.
Castiel goes into the house to get the papers, but Dean isn’t around. Castiel decides he must be inside the garage, so he gets a beer from the refrigerator to take to him. With only a few weeks until the wedding, they are unquestionably approaching the heart of summertime, and the days are long and hot. Castiel isn’t bothered by the rising temperatures, but Dean grumbles about it.
When the other two cars arrive and park, they’re leaning against the Impala with impassive expressions, both of them distracted by the charge still crackling between them.
“Cas?” Dean murmurs. But Castiel doesn’t respond, doesn’t appear to hear him at all. A gentle breeze ruffles his feathers, his hair, his coat.
Dean turns the key in the lock and even as he’s wrenching the door open he’s shouting, “Sam!”
Dean does at least have a sense of what direction to move in, and he suspects Jack’s grace might be responsible for that. The contents of the vial haven’t changed in appearance: the grace remains a tranquil, undulating glow that curls perpetually in upon itself, its faint light another small comfort. But Dean has picked up on a slight, indistinct
“What’s going on with Feathers?”
“How do you know this?” Sam asks softly.
“The three of them are still up there talking,” Gabriel says, making a vague gesture with one hand. “Four of them, I should say. Sounds like Michael and Adam are gonna stick together and help Amara out.”
When Dean touches his wings, it feels good in a way he’s never going to be able to explain to him—it’s different from the other ways that they touch each other. Similar, but also something
“And Alex is a workaholic, which is why she’s not here right now, but we still love her,” Claire finishes.
So Dean wanders into the living room. The regular lights are off and the Christmas tree is on; the colorful bulbs wink serenely on and off, and the atmosphere is restful. Patience and Jack are sitting cross-legged on the floor by the tree, deep in conversation. Claire is sitting at one end of the couch and Kaia is sprawled down the length of it, her head in Claire’s lap.
She smiles at him, and a moment hangs between them. There is the slightest hint of sadness in her eyes, and Castiel gets the feeling that she wants to say something.
Dean watches the flames for a while; he isn’t sure for how long, but it doesn’t matter because these next few days are his. He lets his thoughts wander, and inevitably they zero in on the moment everything had changed: Castiel and Jack, coming home that day he’d gotten back from the hunt in Michigan.
“It’s a walkman,” he says, “you can play tapes on it.”
Dean slams his fist on the table without meaning to. It becomes dead silent in that moment, like someone had just paused the tape. He unfurls his fist on the counter. It makes him feel like his dad, and that makes him feel like shit. He doesn’t look at Cas.
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean huffs, “Hell, what kind of friend do you think I am?”
“I really would like to go, Dean,” Cas says and by the look on his face Dean knows he means it.
