A Two part one!
"Nobody," Cas tapped two fingers against his head making him pass out. Connor wiggling out his grip ran inside the house, with Sam and Dean following him and shouting at him to stop. Running into his moms room the smell of a dead body was in the air, but Connor couldn't see one. "W-what?" Connor turned facing Dean, Sam went looking around the room, seeing where the smell was coming from the most. "Might want to, turn around." Connor rolled his eyes, standing with his arms crossed
The next thing Dean knew he was being pinned to the nearest tree with the Angel only inches away, his wings were spread wide open not a threatening movement, more like a dominating way. "Don't you turn your back on me Demon." The Angel released his grip.
So that's how Arrow was stuck in one of the classrooms by himself, with one of the teachers who hated him. "Arrow, how many times do I have to have you inside my classroom, at least do something useful and go give or drop this off at the Principles office." Arrow sighed grabbing the pieces of paper, heading in the direction of the office.. just as the lights flickered, running out the room.
Standing in his shower Cas, had his eyes closed all he saw was Deam smiling, his green eyes looking at him..
Anything will help!
"Alright you gay virgin, I've finally figured you out!"
“I love- I love you too, Cas..." Dean looked back up at Cas, his eyes closed his slow breathing had finally stopped, the grip on Dean's hand was no longer there… the beeping of the monitors was louder.
Dean woke up with movement by his tummy, blinking his eyes open seeing that he still hadn't changed at all, but noticing the little black fur cuddled into his left side. Using his nose he nudged the little black kitten only to be swatted away by a little white paw. Dean kept nudging Cas who eventually woke up glaring at Dean with icy blue eyes.
He felt the man move them so they were both comfortable, Dean laying on his chest, he closed his eyes, letting out a sigh. “I never want this to end, daddy,” He muttered against the chest glancing up at Castiel who looked at him with a genuine smile.
Castiel places his hands on the boy's hips guiding himself to slide into the tight heat with his head dropping forward on Deans back as he slowly inched his way in. The small movements Dean was making brought him back but Dean wasn’t fucking himself on Castiels cock he was still cutting up his father up pleasing Castiel more. Doing a thrust every time Dean made the blade slice open the skin. Castiel glances where they were joined he couldn’t help but bite his lip at the bloody mess between the two, Dean was jerking himself every so often with the blood that was released Castiel also used it earlier since he had nothing else to use.
Castiel was being reckless with his killings, Dean stayed out of his way most nights, only being there for his Master to slide into his tight waiting hole, no matter how many times they fucked he was still tight.
There was one thing that kept Dean staring blankly at the bed. “Cas?” He whispered into the air they once shared.
Opening his mouth leaning forward taking the head, Dean looked up once to see if his Daddy was looking down at him as he bobbed his head, Castiel's head was thrown back his mouth open as small groans were let out. Dean couldn't help let out his own moan around the cock in his mouth at the sight, which seem to please Cas even more.
"Mhmm, good boy, I think your ready." Cas let go of Deans hair, trailing kisses down Deans back, which he had pulled off Dean, trying it around his arms. Once Cas reached Deans ass, he placed kisses everywhere but his small tight hole. "Dean, keep moving you won't get anything," Dean whimpered, but he bit his lip, remembering the other rule. Not to make a noise. "You can make a sound Dean, but keep in mind that the walls in this room are thin."
"Dean!! I don't need much, please!" You groaned as he had three fingers in your hole, which were removed as you felt the head of his cock entering you.
Cas only shook his head as the beginning of the movie started, with Dean shaking his head while smiling.
"Now what?" Shay knew what sex was he had just never done it. "Just relax I know what I'm doing, okay?" Dean took off his last remaining item of clothing before join Shay on the couch. Castiel was petting Shays hair attempting to relax the hybrid, causing him to purr which surprised them all. "Open." Dean tapped Shays legs which he slowly spread for him.
The voices belonged to Sam and Dean, Cas was standing by the table facing the bed. Connor got up so he could hopefully stop them talking about whatever it was. "Ah, you are awake! How about we take you back home, sound good?" Dean gave an awkward smile while Connor just grunted walking to the door. "I'll just go home by myself thank you very much." But Connor got dragged back in the room by Dean. "You just told us you have a possible demon living with you, yet you're just going back there without any help?"
“I will.” Castiel sighed stroking the boy's hair softly enjoying the peace he got from doing this. Protecting Dean even if it means costing his own life, which he hoped it wouldn’t.
Dean found himself two weeks after dreaming about Cas smiling, Dean wouldn't even look at the man who would smile at him as he walked to and from school. It wasn't until his mom and brother would be staying over at a friends house, which Dean really didn't want to stay at, so his mother decided to leave Dean with Cas, with Dean protesting the whole way to Cas' door.
Dean moans when the first finger enters his hole, the second finger entered Dean whimpers at the pain but it was replaced by pleasure when Cas hit something inside him.
Dean was rudely woken up by a truck slamming its doors closed. Groaning Dean turned over pulling his covers right up over his head to hopefully muffle the sound, it only worked for a few seconds before Dean stomped out of bed over to his window to look what was going on.
Castiel was uninterrupted by a small knock on his classroom telling whoever to come in while he was still getting his bag ready to go home. Turning round seeing Sam, smiling at the boy in front of him. "So you want to know what happened to your brother hmm?" Castiel stood up straighter as Sam backed away slightly.
"Well... Matt said you killed those Demons with your bare hands. I know that ripping off a pair of wings must be hard, so what happened?" Dean picked the remote out of Shays hands. "I.. My powers came back, I usually have control but in that moment I didn't.. I don't remember what happened all I know was everything was red then it went black, like the demon side of me went crazy." Shay fiddled with his fingers but Dean took on of his hands gently touching Shays feathers.
Hope ya enjoyed this chapter, feedback is appreciated.. and letting me know if I did anything wrong.
"Well, I and Sam will train you up, be a hunter just like us." Dean couldn't help but smile at the boy in his jacket, who silently nodded at everything he was saying. Until Sam walked through the door, "well, his mom was a little stubborn but I managed to convince her, you can say bye when we're done?"
“Are you sure you want to share?” Dean met his eyes and gestured at the width of the bed. Castiel opened the blanket and Dean nodded slightly and climbed into bed. Castiel considered options for a way to end the evening, and decided to utilize the present closeness of their faces. He brought his hand up to cradle Dean’s head, cupping his fingers into the softness of his hair and his palm up against the curve of his jaw. He lifted Dean’s jaw slightly so that they were now looking directly at each other, inches apart. He could feel the puff of his breath against his mouth.
Things had shifted between them after that night. Dean helped him move to another town away from the angel encounter, where Castiel had found work at the movie theater. Dean had also started his weekly visits after that point. His dynamic with Castiel had changed in small ways, he made a point to not disparage Castiel’s “normal” life and instead insisted on hearing small details. Castiel almost got bored describing the sandwich he ate for lunch on a given Wednesday, but Dean always listened intently.
‘Of course.’ Another long pause. ‘It’s late and I don’t want to keep you. Thank you for texting. It was good to talk to you.’
Dean goes through a break up and tries to avoid reality. Sam can only suppress his judgmental Sam face for so long and is not interested in cleaning up crepe paper.
“This is our sixth month anniversary! This the second longest I’ve ever dated someone in my life times..six! And you didn’t know we were doing it? What does that say about me?” Dean laughed hollowly, a terrible sound, and Castiel stood to comfort him.
Dean froze a bit, his hand stilling and lifting away from Castiel’s head, which was a problem for Castiel. “Happy six month….anniversary.” Castiel frowned in confusion. Dean’s voice and face became increasingly flat as Castiel grew more confused “We’ve been together six months this weekend. Dammit, Cas, I bought a CARD.”
“Shit. Um. You’re really good at this thing.” Dean gestured between them, indicating their connection. Dean then settled deeper into his seat, drumming his fingers in time with the drums.
******
“You know that tension right before you kiss? When you know you both want to kiss but you haven’t talked about it or done anything about it yet and you’re trying to figure out who is going to move first?” She smiled softly around the words. Castiel thought about when he had kissed Meg, but it had happened so quickly that feeling didn’t seem analogous. But he nodded anyway, he often did that about what sounded to be common human experiences.
All the time in the world wound up being cut short by Sam clearing his throat pointedly.
“That was enjoyable. Thank you.” Cas’s voice rumbled over the phone. “It’s good to hear your voice.” Dean smiled to hear him but it felt a bit hollow still. “I miss you, Dean.” Dean shut his eyes at that.
Sam’s pettiness was resurfacing and he began to pointedly talk to Cas on the phone close enough for Dean to hear part of the conversation, in particular the ‘Don’t worry, Dean is fine’, while Sam shot him a pissy look. After his conversation that morning while driving back from a hunt, when Sam flipped his phone shut he looked over at Dean and declared “Enough. I have had more phone calls with Cas in the past weeks than I had in the past five years combined, years with multiple world ending catastrophes and an apocalypse. You won’t call him, and he won’t call you but he’s too worried about you to not check on me every day. I can’t be your go between forever.”
“I understand last year was confusing. I believe some of that may be because I know you, Dean. I saw you treating me gingerly and with caution and it didn’t feel like you were yourself with me. You were performing a version of a person, in retrospect perhaps a version of you that you thought could be in a relationship, missing that you as you are is enough. We don’t need to have a relationship that’s perfect. That may mean you think my life is boring sometimes, and that you tell me my music taste is annoying. I will point out when you’re being small minded or remind you that I am millennia years older than you and don’t need you fussing over me.”
“OH will he? It’s your birthday this month. You know how I know? Aside from spending almost every January of my life watching you pretend to not like birthdays, I know because Cas is trying to plan you a birthday party and get me to take the credit. Because apparently he’s spending what has to be half his salary this month on what sounds like the most ridiculous cake ever made. He’s trying to plan around us being gone on a hunt to decorate the bunker and then sneak away. He bought crepe paper, Dean. If you don’t talk to him, I’m going to have to be cleaning crepe paper off of mystical books.”
‘Good to talk to you too. Good night, Cas.’
‘Good. How are you, how’s the weather treating you?’ The texts went back and forth for a bit like that, careful and generic at the start but flowing more easily. Dean learned Cas had adopted an older cat from the shelter his coworker volunteered at. He sent Dean a picture, a calico named Clovis bathing in the sun. Dean added the cat curled onto Cas’s lap to his mental image of Cas texting and listening to jazz. They didn’t talk about the past.
The prior time Dean and Castiel had shared a bed had been when Dean had visited him at the Gas-n-sip, and then Castiel had fought an angel while minding an infant. Dean had insisted he join him at the motel rather than sleep in the back of the gas station. Dean had also insisted Castiel “drown his sorrows” in the beer he had brought with him. His clearest memory of that night was the beer inspiring an interest in flirtation. He explained to Dean that he didn’t believe Nora had been right for him, but was interested in locating a romantic partner although barring an encounter with a reaper intent on seducing him, he was unsure on how to proceed regarding the physical side of of human relationships. Unfortunately, rather than offering himself an an option, Dean had spent the night carefully clinging to edge of their shared motel bed, while repeatedly seeking reassurance that Castiel was comfortable.
“Oh. I mean I figured since he’s always visiting you, right? Wasn’t sure if you went to where he lives ever, how far away is he?” Castiel didn’t respond, the silence lengthened and grew awkward enough that Aaron didn’t press for a response and began wiping down the candy counter. Humans often reacted to silence that way, Castiel found it a useful way to end conversations.
“Wow, Cas, you been working out?” Dean apprised him.
“On a scale of one to fired, how would you feel if we salted and burned any of your coworker’s relatives buried around here, just to be safe?” Dean was scanning the room for older objects that may be tied to a spirit.
Dean listened to Cas "Yes Daddy." Dean gasped as he felt something happen to him "Cas.. did I pee?" Dean asked after he came down and let go of Cas' legs that he was holding on to.
“I-i didn’t listen, my dad… he would… I’m just a bitch Cas why’d you care.” Dean whispered enjoying the touch of Cas but turned himself around in the alphas arms to look at him better.
"C-Cas?" Dean sat up quickly covering himself up, with the nearest pillow, and hissing when it touched his erect cock. "Whoa, Cas looks ten times hotter now!" Jensen hit Misha lightly on his arm, them both not caring that they were still either half naked or completely naked in front of an angel. "I came to tell Dean, that he seems to be stuck here for a while longer, and I thought I come to keep him company until I can get him out, and why are you naked?"
"Are you a virgin." Castiel blurted out making Arrow cover his face as Dean laughed, "Cas just go gentle, also
"Cas, I need you."
Dean barked at Cas losing his temper with the former angel.
"And what time do you call this?" Dean put a hand on Arrows back. "A good time?" Arrow tested a few rolls of his hips against Dean making him grip his hips, just as the door was opened forcefully, showing Cas. "Uh... heyyy... Cas." Arrow stayed on Dean who huffed in annoyance. "Cas... don't you punish him now or I'll kill you." Dean pushed Arrow off.
Jensen was tense the whole time he walked down the hallway to his locker, everyone would look his way some girls would look him over, some would whisper to their friends, while Jensen was beating himself up over it. It wasn't until he reached his locker someone obviously got the balls to grab Jensen at the back of his shirt and pin him to his locker. "Hey little Winchester," Jensen felt the guys breath at the back of his neck, he could hear the smirk on the guys face as he talked.
"You can just tell, usually if it was cut whatever creature this was would want a quick and easy death, but these don't look like a quick and easy death, this creature wanted them to feel pain so it gave them a slow and painful death. One even has marks around the neck." Shay pointed out, while Castiel agreeing with him while Dean only stared at the three. "Well thank fuck you came along with me!" Dean slapped a hand to Shays back making him jump and growl. "Sorry! Didn't mean to hurt you." Dean apologised quickly.
"No-No, Ca-Cas, please…” Dean didn’t want to let him go, he needed him, he heard himself say the words for the first time.
"Hey! little brat ya gonna be just like ya daddy huh?" The demon spat out blood as it talked. Connor rolled his eyes, "can't you just shut the fuck up?" Connor kicked the floor as the two hunters threw more water on the demon.
Well that was until Cas had enough of Dean and his prancing around the house, Cas was the Alpha of the house as his dad was away, so he needs to keep Dean under control.
"Goodnight Dean."
"But the thing I want to do wont let me do the things I want!" Misha pouted, Jensen rolling his eyes. "What do you want to do?" Jensen asked once he calmed himself. "Well, I found something.. But would you agree to do it?" Misha was moving closer.
After a while Dean was up to four fingers in Jensen, who was completely a moaning mess on the bed.
But this week was going to be a nightmare, as Dean had contacted his mother and Sam, obviously he told them both about Castiel. Dean even started introducing Cas as his boyfriend whenever they went out, it was a step for Dean to even admit that Cas was his.
“Good.”
Every angel who reacted the age of 20 were either a Watcher, Warrior, Guardian Angels, Angels. Castiel was set out to be a Guardian Angel.
Dean woke up the next morning he felt his whole body was on fire. There was a wet patch on the sheets where his slick had soaked through. Groaning to himself as he walked into his bathroom, turning on the shower just as he heard the bang of a door.
Castiel smiled down at Dean who felt a strange tingle through his body.
"Can I ride you? Be better when your knots in me." Dean quietly asked, only answer he got was Cas turning them both over, his cock never leaving Dean. So Dean was seated on his cock panting. "Pound my cunt when your ready Alpha." Dean put his hands on Cas' chest, with Cas' hands on his hips, and Cas didn't waste anymore time beginning to slam up into Dean who was now holding on for his life, his mouth open but no noises coming from him.
"Wheres Dean?" Jensen asked when he was seated in Cas' car, driving back to the bunker. "Don't worry Dean is at the bunker with Sam, they sent me on a supply run and that's when I had the call from one of your teachers to come fetch you, because you got in a fight?" Cas asked with a tilt of the head.
Kansas 1885 - Travelling sucked. Dean missed the warm shelter of a house, however short lived that usually was. The country road stretched on for miles ahead though and the only town in their radius would kill them on sight. It also happened to be their hometown, once. A long time ago they lived and worked there, but now the only welcome they'd receive is a bullet to the head.
"Will you actually have sex with me next time?" Sams tired voice spoke out in the quiet room. "Anything ya wan Sammy, now we gotta have a shower. Round two Jensen?" Dean took one look at Sam seeing he was already fast asleep.
Pulling away leaving the boy panting, Castiel grabbed him by his hair pulling him up moving him for them to lie on the couch, practically spooning each other, raising one of Deans legs guiding his cock into the tight entrance, it wasn’t as tight as Castiel would’ve licked but he dealt with it, Dean seemed to pick up on that though, clenching his muscles to make the tight feeling Castiel wanted.
Castiel didn't miss the familiar feeling of Dean shaking in his arms as tears fell on his suits jacket. "T-Thank you, alpha." Dean nuzzles Cas, but Cas brought Dean head up so Cas could see his beautiful omega.
"W-what, Cas..?" Cas took hold of Dean's hand while he told him.
Dean waited on his hands and knees on his Daddy's bed, his slick running down his thighs knowing his Alpha was looking at him. "Daddy?" Dean looked over his shoulder seeing his alpha sitting on a chair at the foot of the bed just looking at Deans empty begging hole.
"I can do it myself, but could you please give me a goodnight kiss and tuck me in bed? Its what my mom does," Dean was fiddling with his fingers as he talked. "Sure Dean, now go on also your problem will soon go it just takes time." Cas patted Dean on his shoulder as he walked up the stairs to the bedroom he would be using.
Castiel looked from green eyes to pink lips back to green eyes, before pressing his lips to Deans who instantly arched and pulled Cas down to make the kiss deeper.
"I lov ya too Dean," you both whispered as you cleaned up before going to bed.
"Henry! Luna! Get back in the ocean!" Castiel yelled at his two children who were prancing around in the bay.
"Cas, you know you don't have to tag along, you may go." Dean turned his attention to the Angel that hadn't spoken a word during the whole conversation between him and his brother. "No, I would like to come, I like seeing you and Sam work, I like seeing you in action too, Dean." Sam coughed after Castiel had finished speaking, earning him a glare from the eldest Winchester.
There's also gonna be sex in the next chapter if you wanna skip it, just the first part. (For people who don't want to read, or people who feel uncomfortable with it.)
"To talk about our jobs, us, me, you." Cas looked around Dean's place it was just a tiny bit bigger than Cas' but other than that it was the same. "I could get you a job at the place I work at, I need to pick a gay person to fuck me but you seem like a good one, so would you like to?"
“Forever Cas, now go the fuck to sleep,” Dean mutters grumpily throwing his arm and a leg over the body of the Alpha, letting both drift off to sleep.
"Cas... why'd you have to go?" Dean sighed slowly as he pulled the hand he was going to place on his friend. "It's alright Dean, at least I've got to know you…."
Cas was gone.
“Good, this will never end with us both here,” Castiel drags the boy up to meet his lips it's the most gentle he’s ever been with him, he also really enjoyed it.
Until a short man approached the table, Dean instantly got up to head for the bar to get a drink of whiskey, for himself and for Sam.
Jensen woke up feeling cold and on the floor, which meant he fell out of bed and couldn't be bothered getting back in, groaning to himself as he sat up to lean against his bed, it was another school day which meant Jensen had to pretend to be someone else. He didn't know why he did it, Jensen just blurted out a bunch of bullshit one day and that was it.
Castiel quickly went to his knees to help the crying omega, “come on.” He’d whisper pulling up the boys pants before carrying him out to his car.
done "Yah, cheers Cas can we do that more often?" Dean heard Cas laugh as he agreed to it, making Dean light up more.
"Words Dean, use them." Castiel growled.
It wasn't until the next morning when Arrow started walking to school, getting out his phone putting the number of the stranger.
"ah Winchester, haven't seen you here in a while, been talking in class again?" Crowley spoke as soon as he spotted Dean "nah, just been late that's all.. how ya been doing Crowley?" Dean had his cocky grin on his face as he sat down, putting his feet on the desk. "watch it boy, or I'll tell Bobby, also I've had a pretty good week nothing much is going on.." Dean, liked detention with Crowley when it was just the two of them, they would just talk about there lives, Crowley knows about Dean, how he likes boys he was the first teacher to tell, he didn't get mad just listened like Cas had, which was comforting. "Anyway your five minutes are up Dean, now go on out of here," Crowley opened the door for Dean.
"Well.. You've really bought me a present." She walked around Jensen who glared at her. "What do you want?" Dean spat out to the woman who was dragging her claw like nails down Jensens chest. "I want you're son. You see he isn't like the average human, he is different." She stood behind Jensen cutting her hand as blood began flowing out, pulling Jensens head back. "I'm not like these disgusting werewolves and vampires,I'm a demon you see, and you may kill them once we're done."
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean instantly stopped his wailing when he saw Cas' face, but he ended up walking away Dean whined throwing his arms and legs in the air, he never likes being teased especially when he's hungry. "Alright, where are his clothes?" Bobby threw Cas a bag, Castiel just picked the first things he saw, which Dean squealed at.
Dean and Sam are just finishing working on a case, which was witch. Cas had joined them as well, he was just chillin' at the back not really paying attention until something hit him, in the chest as Dean went flying backwards. So Cas rushed over to Deans unconscious body, Sam had ran ahead killing the witch.
"Arrow? What are you doing?" The Principal had walked around the corner as Arrow was sat against his locker reading, "I'm reading...? My ride isn't here yet so I gotta wait here." Arrow smiled up at her but she crossed her arms shaking her head, she was acting differently... "Well at least wait in my office until they arrive."
Castiel spent time calming Dean down before a loud thud on the front door ruined the moment. "Who is that!?" Dean whispered as Castiel got up opening the door with a sigh.
"Its just a decomposing corpse." Shay pointed towards the corner, that got him looks from the three. "You asked, I answered." Shay shrugged walking out to the hallway Dean hot on his heels. "Alright we'll split up, and meet back here." Dean ordered while dragging Shay along with him, surprising Shay, Castiel and Sam. "Dude, quit hogging the hybrid!" Sam yelled at Dean who was disappearing around a corner with Shay.
No Plot, well I tiny little plot just to get you into it, then porn!
Dean and Castiel had made a baby room, they both painted and decorated the room, even little Jimmy helped picking out the colours, because the two grown men would just keep arguing.
“Yes, he loves how you submit, but I’m never letting him have you, he’d break you the moment he lay a hand on you. I’ve promised myself to protect you I intend to hold onto that, you’re mine Dean Winchester anyone who touches you without permission got to the basement.” Castiel explained letting out a sigh once he finished kissing the side of Dean's head as the boy tries to snuggle up to him. “Keep doing it.” Was the only reply Castiel got from Dean who’s eyes closed falling asleep as soon as his eyes shut.
"Cas!" Dean put his hand on his chest as Cas just looked at him with his head tilted. "Would you like to watch something?"
Dean hasn't seen Cas in 8 years again.
"Dean, what do you want?" Shay demanded, making Dean whine. "Let me fuck you." Dean rolled his hips towards Shay who pinned them down, tilting his head. "Fuck me?" Shay looked towards Castiel, who had taken a seat behind Deans head, back at Dean. "Yes, we need to switch around, if you don't mind." Dean made a move to sit up causing the confused angel move off the couch so they could switch.
"Well, home sweet home. Also, Misha are your parents ever asking about you?" Dean asked as the boys got out the car. Misha snorted "no, not really. they are way too busy with work to think about me." Misha didn't care about his parents all that much since they didn't seem to care about him.
Jensen just sighs as he nodded his head, "could we watch a movie now? Since I missed out last night?" Jensen looked at Dean and Cas who was still laying on the bed. "Sure, come on." Dean smiled as his family moves to watch a movie.
"How old we thinking?" Dean had started doing porn when he was 18, now he was 24 so he hasn't been doing that long.
"Uh, Truth?" Dean was really getting out of his comfort zone right about now. "Are you in love with Cas?" Of cause that would be the first thing out of Misha's mouth. "Uh, I dunno, maybe? Yeah?" Dean really wasn't sure. "That's not a good answer!"
*******
“So, did you mean it?”
Five hours later Jensen parked up at a motel, he enjoyed his car it wasn't the Impala but it was something. Collecting the key Jensen entered first before he had a mouthful of Misha. "Misha, wait, wait, wait." Jensen pushed his boyfriend away for a moment so he could lock his car and back inside the room before they crashed into each other again.
Jesse, 18, an college football player, thanks to his dad, and him hiding his Omega scent ever since he presented, he also was pretending to be friends with the rest of the football team. Its not that he didn't like them he just preferred a smaller group of people, that weren't all Alphas, despite how he acted with his teammates personally Jesse actually enjoyed the quiet time he had.
"Mine." Dean grumbled shoving the food in his mouth. "So, we figured out what the thing is yet?" Chase asked Sam since Dean was making out with his food. "Got a few leads, but we purposely looked for something easy so you can get used to hunting things so our guess is a vampire. You know how to kill those right?" Sam looked towards Chase for an answer. "You cut the head off right?" Chase wasn't very confident with killing things even if they are monsters.
"What was that Dean?" Castiel snapped glaring at Dean who straightened up. "I said we may work together, but it doesn't make us buddies. OK?" Dean growled as he kicked Chevy to get her to walk a little more forward.
"That was it?" Dean scoffed glaring at the man still slumped over the rock, walking to Chevy getting his gun quietly glancing over at Castiel who was watching him with a confused glance down then smirk, making Dean glance down himself and heat up, OK so maybe watching Castiel dragging the man and questioning him made him a little hot and bothered so what!
Dean was dreaming of being held by his mother before the peaceful dream turned into her laying on the ground in her blood, the blood was everywhere, Dean watched holding his mother's hand tightly as the light from his mother’s eyes were flicked off. Someone had murdered her, who Dean didn’t know all he knew was she went out to work and never made it back home.
He drove sensibly back to his original car that he parked up a safe distance away from the scene before dragging the girl from the stolen car to his actual car, before allowing the stolen car to roll down the slight inclined road making it crash into a brick wall, as he drove off in his own.
Dean hasn't.
." Arrow mutters under his breath looking towards Dean who was now looking the other way with a smile threatening to show.
Dean was left for dead.
Cas sighed before speaking back to Dean who was laying under his covers, still hot and sweaty. "its fine Dean, talk to me I'm here" Cas heard a small groan "Dean? are you getting yourself of.."
"Good boy, now Gabriel has set up something for you, hopefully, you'll appreciate it." Sam was looking at Lucifer confused. But he didn't get a word in before being picked up and a dumped into the shower with Lucifer. Gabriel also joined the shower with Lucifer which Sam found odd but never questioned.
"Sure Cas, and thanks." Dean stood moving to the other bed, taking off his shoes and jackets. Before he head under the covers of the bed. Cas smiled when he heard the small sigh from Dean. "G'night Cas,"
"Collins, what a surprise!" The youngest Winchester exclaimed as the eldest sipped on his drink keeping his eyes right on Castiel. "Oh yes, what a surprise." Dean grumbled out over his glass.
(See the end of the chapter for
"More shocked and sad, then pissed." Dean said while separating from Cas to stand in front of his son. "I'm sorry, I'll try being good in school?" Jensen wasn't so sure about the words leaving his mouth. He wanted to try being himself but he didn't. "Jen, just stop being someone your not, trust me it gets you nowhere." Dean placed a hand on Jensens shoulder.
"You and Cas seem, alright." Sam carefully said trying not to get on Deans bad side. "Yeah, well he treats me good, better then I thought. You and Gabriel seem to be alright with each other when Lucifer isn't involved." Dean had a smile when he talked, making Sam smile for his brother.
"J-Jen, I'm gonna...
Rowena.
“Th-th-thank y-you, m-masters,” Sams whispered weakly leaning against Gabriel for support eyes glancing to his brother and Castiel who had both finished themselves. “S-sorry Castiel.” Sam apologised but only got a groan from the man and a whispered respond he couldn’t quite understand. “Shower time!” Gabriel picked Sam up carrying him to the nearest bathroom to get them cleaned up with Lucifer joining them.
https://discord.gg/VfstnBq Anyone that wants to talk to me this probably the best way you'll get to talk to me, for anything.
While Dean was thinking of that, the girl on top of him was surprised he had just came inside her, by accident. "Sorry, oh..." The girl just laughed as she got off Dean.
special boy Dean, and I would like to make you mine." Castiel sneered out, hand moving up an inch on the boy's thigh, noticing the worried look coming from the boy.
Dean was happy he had his own family, Castiel and his son.
"So what are we going to do today? Not going to be over the couch again right?" Dean talked with his mouth full. "No, I need to collect things for my next project. Would you like to join me?" Castiel knew it was pointless asking a question he already knew what the answer would be, getting several yeses and an excited Dean for the first time in days.
“Yes, I want him…” Dean muttered, looking down at the desk.
"I walked a girl home because she was scared and we walked past, it got really cold and then this little girl appeared with an old man. So we gonna check it out?" Shay was stopped by Dean telling him to slow down. So Shay just waited.
Gabriel and Sam already went off to talk about what Gabriel had been missing out on, but really he didn't miss out on anything.
Once Dean and Cas finished with the little visit to Deans boss which was now Cas' boss.
"Get in my lap Dean, I'll fix it for you."
Arrow shrugs holding Jay's hand, "maybe you can join in, I'll ask them, but now I must return and get my ass whipped."
"Ahh, alright Cas just knock on my door if ya need any help or if your bored, because I know I get bored on my own..." Cas again smiles as Dean left his apartment watching him walking into his apartment.
"Ok, and what is the proper way of doing this?" Arrow kept his eyes on Dean who was looking at him somewhat normal but there was hunger in his eyes, "you need to wait and see."
-----------
"Not today, you need to calm down a bit I know I kill for fun, but you are not in the right mind to be touched like that. So I won't do it yet, I also need to get my gift ready for my brothers that are coming later tonight to pick it up, you may hide if you need to. You got that Dean?" Castiel had to make Dean look at him as he talked. "Yes sir, I've got it." Castiel smiled "good boy, now let's go eat and hopefully watch something before we get interrupted."
What the fuck? Dean went to stand up but his legs went under him, making him end up on the floor. "Dean?" Cas' voice was right next to Dean, making the little problem in his pants bigger. "What happened?" Dean mumbled out from the floor, Cas helped him stand and didn't seem bothered that Deans dick was pressing into him. "Are you feeling ok Dean?"
But he didn't seem to mind, as he helped Cas move them inside as well as telling each other our names, his name was Dean. They didn't talk about much he told Cas that he could ask him for anything.
“It was you.”
So, Dean took him inside. Cas sat on the bed, Dean pulled the lone chair up next to it and held his hand while explaining everything. He explained the spell, he explained
“Sam.”
“Our...bill?”
Castiel chooses to trust Dean. He lets Dean guide him through the house—only bumping his toes into a chair once, which he pretends never happened because he doesn’t want to upset Dean again—and soon, his hand lands on the door frame of their bedroom.
Groaning Cas rolled his neck from side to side, letting the water soothe his aching muscles.
Dean swallowed nervously and drew in one more deep breath.  He reached behind his back and pulled out the small box that he’d been hiding.  Opening the lid, he angled it towards Cas so he could see the silver band with blue inlay. He looked up hopefully, capturing blue eyes with his green.
"D-did you want a book bud?" Dean asks, not entirely sure if he can read or not.
"What do you mean except for him?" Dean glares at her, not sure if he's supposed to be mad at the comment.
"Yay, another reason for Dean to mope around" Sam mutters under his breath.
"Wait right now?" Dean sits up too, watching Vanessa swing her legs off the bed and stand.
"Vanessa," Dean starts "I don't think that's a good-" he gets cut off by her phone ringing and takes another sip of his tea.
"Okay, umm, the guest bedroom all the way to the right is vacant," Vanessa replies rubbing her temples. They silently watch him leave the room and go up the stairs.
"Calm down, he just smells different, a very good different, once he comes back you'll notice," Vanessa says, continuing to grab more glass bottles. "In the meantime, once I'm done with this I thought that we could go upstairs and
"For you, you can have a million."
"Thanks for the help Dean," Vanessa says as she stands up with the wet shirt in her hand. "My dragons like to eat shirts and only shirts, hopefully, my new one doesn't follow in the footsteps of these dumb assholes."
"That's kinda scary," Sam says, "but in a good way, "
"I don't know, I assume he's asleep so I thought I'd make breakfast and then I'll wake him up," Vanessa says.
Castiel sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose, this has been the third drunk question in a row that Vanessa has come up with. While the drinks Vanessa has pushed his way made it bearable to answer these questions, they just keep coming.
"Something fell out of the sky!" Dean exclaims. He watches his brother frown at him.
The engine's low rumble makes Vanessa smile, while she doesn't typically drive, this car is one of her favorites. Unlike Dean, she doesn't have a box full of mixtapes, but she does have the good old radio. Vanessa turns it on to find that they are currently playing Back in Black by ACDC. She hums the tune of the song as she backs out of her driveway.
They both sing before Vanessa bursts into giggles. The drive to the lake house has been fun, with Vanessa singing almost every song that comes up and Dean playing the license plate game by himself.
"That's" she pauses, not wanting to make him any sadder, but wanting to tell him how watching someone sleeping was a little creepy. "Nice of you, I guess, but you don't have to do that."
"Do you know one of the best things about dating as a siren? I could have multiple mates! Yeah, that's right, I could have sixteen, you know what fuck that I could have a hundred!" Vanessa exclaims while a hundred would be a lot, yes, but it is possible.
Vanessa swallows and looks back at her food, feeling the blush creep up her neck she takes a long drink out of tea.
"You sure this is the house," Vanessa asks as Dean pulls up to a vacant house. The house is a small farmhouse outside the city. Its white paint is peeling from all the downpour the city gets and there's a small beat-up blue car parked outside.
"Are you making these?" He asks as he takes one of the red apples out. "No, I just take them from the store, I leave the money in a register," she replies. "Measuring spoons and cups are in the island drawer, flour, and sugar are in here," Vanessa points to cabinets on the island.
"Yeah! Vanessa made breakfast today and I thought before we leave, I should make a huge breakfast for us."
"A daylily? Never heard of it," Dean cocks an eyebrow.
"The case is in this city, we had originally thought it was demons with all the cattle deaths and the missing people, but it's actually a small coven of witches killing the cows for blood spells and taking the people for sacrifices" Sam explains as he takes a small drink of his beer.
Dean yelps and launches himself backward off the bed. "I'm sorry, are you okay Dean?"
"I want to kiss you," Castiel says. As soon as Dean hears those words slip out of his mouth he immediately closes the gap between them.
"An incubator," Vanessa smiles and looks down at the egg. "That reminds me, should it be a girl or a boy?"
voice."
"I guess," is all Dean says before he is pulled into Vanessa's chest. She worms her fingers into his hair and slowly massages his head, raking her nails over his scalp. Dean's eyes flutter close and he sighs, this is just what he needs after the crappy dream he had.
Jeopardy is one of my favorite TV shows, only cause it has a range of questions and I love watching it with my mom! The easter egg I put in here is for the fellow Achievement Hunter fans, here is the link to the moment https://youtu.be/f9v5lZiOb3g I'm referring to.
He shuffles over to the bed, with each step he becomes more and more tired. He pulls back the thick blankets and snuggles down into the ocean smelling bed. Unlike the guest bedroom, Vanessa's bed isn't overpowering, which means the potion is probably done, and Dean will most likely be back to normal in the morning.
"ангельские крылья серафима," she reads out loud quietly. (Angelic wings of a seraph). Vanessa opens the book and sighs, the first chapter is an introduction to angels and shows what a seraph looks like in its true form.
"I...couldn' zleep, I too haven' been having pleasan' dreams, zorry zhat I pulled you zo out of yours late, I am not as zkilled as Cas is."
That was thirty minutes ago, after the fifth or sixth drink, Vanessa finally got the angel buzzed while she and everyone else was passed that, to the point where the littlest thing will make Vanessa sing.
Daniel comes around the corner, whistling a joyful tune with Sam towering over him and the dragons at his heels. The dragons have their snouts in the air sniffing as they walk. Daniel sets two bags on the table and forcefully shoves the other bag in the fridge.
Vanessa looks back at the feather in her hands, she brings her free hand to rub her neck. If he is not sick, is he... "please tell you're not turned on Cas."
And honestly, Dean doesn't mind. As much as he was dreading going to the zoo alone with Castiel, it feels natural and Dean's happy, really happy.
They wander around the building looking at the rest of the animals, Dean stands in front of the jellyfish, mesmerized by them floating in a circle colored by the changing rainbow lights, until Castiel grabs Dean's hand and pulls him away.
"Me." They say. Vanessa stands up to face the stranger. His dark brown hair looks like he had a few rounds in bed, his gorgeous piercing blue eyes stare into her brown eyes, and large black feathery appendages pulled tightly to his large body. Under his large trench coat, he's wearing a suit thats bloody and sticking to his stomach.
Immediately after Sam says that Vanessa stops mid-conversation with Castiel and says "I heard someone say fish!"
"Do you have a spoon?" Tim looks at the waiter.
"You boys are kickin' my ass," Vanessa giggles after her drunken rendition of 'Stayin' Alive'. Usually, in monopoly, Vanessa wouldn't be losing this badly, but Sam is kicking everyone's ass with Castiel a hundred dollars behind, while Vanessa and Dean are barely paying off all that they owe to Sam and the angel.
"Definitely, and we need to pick up some clothes for him, my sweat pants are too big for him," Sam mutters as they close the trunk.
"Then how 'bout we move this to my room and makes this a birthday to remember?"
"Of course, the guest bathroom is upstairs and the first door you'll see," Vanessa says as she heads for her kitchen and probably upstairs.
"A handful of smaller ones, but I mainly did galaxies and stars. I know Gabriel made a lot, he made most of the creatures that live in Australia," Castiel chuckles.
"How big was your collection?"
Dean continues to kiss her where ever he can reach and leaves a big kiss on her gills, making her gasp and her tail fins flutter in delight. He continues his assault on her gills, making her squirm deeper into the wet sand.
"W-what," she says as she stops coughing. "You didn't see the one painting of.." She trails off as Cas nods.
She leans in for a kiss and sighs when their lips finally meet, Vanessa's careful not to hurt Dean with her needle-thin teeth, but she hungers for another kiss when they break apart.
"You can come willingly or my friend here," Vanessa gestures to Castiel "
"Oh yes, sorry," Castiel says, his feathers slowly move out of her shorts, tickling her as they go.
Vanessa walks over and takes a seat, praying that it won't collapse underneath her. She surveys the kitchen, the counter makes a 'U' shape with a fridge at one end and a sink in the middle of the 'U', and a stove next to the sink. A small window above the sink lets in enough light to illuminate the entire kitchen.
Bobby's natural grumpy voice sounds even grumpier over the phone.
Vanessa opens her eyes, the light from the window blinding her. She groans and checks her phone. The time reads
"Well, I really like her," Dean measures out the flour he needs and dumps it in the bowl. "I was actually thinking about asking her out on a date, but I'm not sure."
"I like 'em," Dean says as he opens the door and lets Vanessa go first, he closes the door behind them and follows her down the stairs. The smell of bacon cooking makes his stomach growl hungrily as he heads for the table.
She clasps a black bra on then quickly puts the large pale grey shirt over it. Vanessa shifts her chest around to make sure everything is in place, making sure the necklace she's wearing is visible, then moves on to her pants.
He drifts off into a fitful sleep, images of the dead girls cycle through his head, the next one bloodier than the last. He replays his last words to them, "I'm Dean, and me and my brother will get you girls out of here, don't worry," until he sees himself getting hit in the head and tied up like the girls.
She squints at him, he's not sure if it's from the light or the fact that she just woke up. Vanessa says something that is either gibberish or she said to quietly. She then snaps her fingers towards the living room, and the dragons slowly walk out of the room.
"You haven't done that yet? How very un-Sam Winchester of you," Dean teases. Sam rolls his eyes and heads upstairs.
"Vanessa," Castiel says, the music drowning him out, "are you okay? You sound different,"
"Got it, start the car and I'll make sure we didn't forget anything," Dean hands Sam the keys as he walks over to where Tim is perched on the log.
"That is very good," Tim says with a smile, he looks down at his plate, trying to remember what Dean did. He grabs the burger with both hands and takes a big bite out of it, his eyes go wide as he chews, Tim hums softly as he swallows down the bite.
"But we didn't really stay in touch after our friend passed. We found a small vampire and thought why bit and clear it out now, but I got captured and she came to rescue me."
"Once again. You'll see, " Vanessa says with a grin. She places the plates in the sink and motions for them to follow her. Both brothers stand up and follow her out of the kitchen and into the living room. They walk past the couch, and to a glass door that Dean has never noticed before.
"No, I think it tastes like dirt, and it takes way too long to make," Vanessa mutters as she sips more of her tea. Her gaze falls directly onto Dean as she asks "where's Cas by the way?"
"You have the blood?" Sam looks her over. She nods and holds up the vial full of blood.
"Hey, stupid question, would you eating fish be cannibalism?" Dean asks.
"I'd like to do more than kick it," Dean flirts, shooting her a grin as Castiel rolls the dice. Vanessa has quickly learned that he gets very flirty and angry when drunk, which isn't playing out very well with monopoly.
Dean mentally says fuck it and decides to take both, they are only a couple of bucks. Dean wanders around the store, mainly to find Castiel but to also check out what other things they have.
"Why would I persuade you? I am the hatchday girl, you'll make what I say!" Vanessa lightly pushes him.
"Shut up and answer my question, " Sam says before adding "jerk"
"Hey, Cas," Dean grins, swinging his whole body towards the angel, getting his attention.
Vanessa perfectly hums along to one of her favorite songs, she has heard it so many times that she knows exactly how it starts and ends, when the guitar solo will start, and when it'll end. She can even mimic how the singer will sing the words, while that part comes from her being part siren, it impresses people and her self.
Dean quickly looks away and focuses on his food and tries to ignore the unnerving crunching.
"He is usually awake by now, "
"You could come with us if we take one of the cases in Arizona, it shouldn't take more than a week?" Dean says. Vanessa pauses, if it's less than a week, it might not be a horrible idea to go, but she does have to get started on her bounty.
"You can't if he murders me first," he smiles when he hears Sam groan and mutter something under his breath.
Dean grabs the angel's wrist and drags him out of the building. "Why the fuck did you say that?" Dean growls, staring directly into the angel's blue eyes. "Do you even know what a date is?"
She walks over to the boys and turns to face the huge pool. "Now, I don't care about nudity, but if y'all do you can turn away, " Vanessa says as she starts taking her shirt off.
"Yes, I'm Daniel, come in come in," Daniel holds the door open for them.
"Thank you, but, uh, where are the snakes? I mainly worked on those."
"It was," Vanessa mutters. "My dad teased me about it and asked if I bought any for my collection."
"You're welcome," he replies with a smirk. He watches Malachite intensely sniff both bags, maybe looking for food.
"Here you go, it's tea, " She hands it to him, Dean sighs as he sips the warm tea, "and who
"I've missed you too, I'm glad I came a day earlier. If it was entirely up to me we would've been here a week ago," Dean says.
, do it all the time" Vanessa slurs as she downs yet another glass. Vanessa just finished explaining to Dean why it's fine to drink five bottles of her finest Jack Daniels before drinking her potion and going swimming under the full moon.
The murky water makes her hyper-aware of everything, even though she is pretty sure that she is the biggest thing in this lake, she still makes sure to keep a very close eye out for anything that gets in a five feet radius from her.
"Where do you want me to put this?" Sam gestures to the box in his hands.
"Dean! Goddammit, Dean!" He ignores his brother as he continues down the crater, he avoids the glowing veins of light as they would seem to be burning hot.
Vanessa looks away from Dean's gaze. "Not really," Vanessa chews the inside of her cheek.
"It's fine," he says, his feathers immediately stop brushing against her arms when Vanessa notices them. Castiel clears his throat and his wings neatly folded against his back, his long primary feathers barely brush the ground. Castiel shoves the clothes into Vanessa's arms, he quickly walks past her, trying not to touch her but his wings are puffing up and they brush against Vanessa's side, she shivers as he passes and she continues to her bedroom.
Dean rubs her cheek and turns to leave. "Don't forget about me" Vanessa calls after him.
The sun high in the sky bathes the whole kitchen in light. With her back turned to him, Dean's heart flutters when she pushes the jumping dragons out of the way and turns around.
Vanessa starts laughing and she finally turns down the song, "I'm fine Cas," her voice half hers and half Steve Perry's.  She clears her throat and says "man, I love that song, I remember when it came out, people loved it!"
"She might not like coffee," Sam guesses as he sits on the couch next to Dean.
Dean walks up the stairs as quiet as he can be, now realizing that he has never been up here and doesn't know where her room is. The window above the stairs illuminates the hallway, directly in front of the stairs is a giant ivy plant on an end table next to a door that is closed.
She moves so close to Dean that she can feel the water moving from him kicking to stay afloat. "Here," she says as hands him the shells. "All fossils! So I believe that means I win?"
"I already ate."
Dean opens his eyes to find a crooked cake with candles that spell out old, it's a chocolate two-layer cake with the top layer slowly sliding off the bottom layer. "Wow," Dean stares at the cake in disbelief. Joy swells into Dean as he watches the flames flicker in front of him.
"Now, your pants," Dean says, looking at Castiel instead of Vanessa.
"It will be, " he murmurs into her gills, "in a minute."
And at the top of her lungs, her impression starts to crack,
That makes Dean stop to think. He honestly forgot all about Vanessa's dragons and the full moon. To be completely honest, he didn't think this little dream of his through. Dean sadly sighs.
real, had Cas tell me that a thousand times," Dean kisses her forehead, making her look back at his face. "You have such pretty eyes."
"Yup," Vanessa says, popping the 'p'.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It was indeed," Castiel smiles. "Can I have one more before you start driving?"
"I'm sure you won't like this blue"
"Well until Bobby does arrive, we have a guest to entertain," Dean says, a small smile creeping up onto his face. "Which means we've got movies to watch!"
"I love the sound of that," Vanessa purrs then hiccups, with Castiel holding her up, she takes her pants and underwear off. "Sweet Caroline! Bum, Bum, Bum!" She sings as Castiel leads her to the pool.
"I was only planning on only giving you a blowjob, if we go further we'll technically be considered partners for life, or mates as we call It, " Vanessa confesses, looking away from Dean's lustful gaze.
He sighs and smiles as he starts thinking about Vanessa, it would be a lie to say he wasn't attracted to her, and no one should blame him. Vanessa has gorgeous pinkish-purple hair the ends right under her chest and the prettiest brown eyes that Dean has ever laid his eyes on. Her smile could light up the whole room while her laugh could fill it.
"I fell asleep on the floor with you, then I got up to use the bathroom," Vanessa quickly lies. "And before you ask, no I didn't bring us here, I fell asleep on the floor too," Vanessa answers one of Dean's questions. She watches with joy as Dean falls back asleep and stops asking her questions. And thank the seas he didn't ask her why she's up, Vanessa doesn't think she could answer that truthfully.
"What's the point? I'll just land on your dumbass spaces Cas," Dean growls as he still grabs the dice.
She creates a lid for the bottle and heads for the entrance to find Sam and Cas already in the car. She dashes out of the house and across the yard, seeing Dean asleep in the back wrapped in Cas' wings makes her pick up her pace. Vanessa climbs into the passenger seat and looks at Dean.
"You have to find at least five to win, and if I win, you have to, hmm, go on a hunt with me and Sam."
"C-Castiel?" Vanessa turns her head to find Castiel, his gorgeous blue eyes are glowing faintly in the darkness. Images of the dream slowly come back to her, tears fill her eyes as she remembers seeing Dean dead in his sleep and Castiel covered in his insides.
Dean continues to hum the song as he starts to gain speed. It's a beautiful day out, big fluffy clouds are gently floating in the air, blocking the sun from Dean's eyes. He would have the windows rolled down blasting music if the passengers weren't asleep.
I wonder just how many of y'all caught my reference lol, hint hint, it's the thing about the lumberjacks! Also, the thing about the Platypus is true! I learned it from my brother!
Vanessa nods as she starts fixing her bun, this time her fingers don't get stuck. "Is Sam in the car?" Vanessa asks before getting a nod from Cas and heading outside. The crisp cool breeze of early March barely makes Vanessa shiver. She exits the house and walks left, where Dean's gorgeous black impala was parked.
Dean opens his mouth to reply with his request, but his mouth goes dry. Her now pale coffee-colored brown eyes gleam in the afternoon light. "I-uh," Dean manages to say, Vanessa watches him and crosses her legs. "Wanted to know if it would be okay with you if I stayed in your room with you." Dean swallows the lump in his throat.
After breakfast Dean had cleaned his and Tim's plates, heading to the library, with Tim in tow, Dean grabs a few books off the shelves.
"Please, please," she quietly croaks as she wiggles furiously, digging her blunt nails into what's holding her. Finally, something groans behind her and she's free. Vanessa launches herself out of the bed and onto the shaky feet.
Vanessa scans the email through tears again to find a city name, she curses under her breath when she finds that it's not in the same city. She'll just have to find a nice hotel to stay in, which is okay with her.
"HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?" Vanessa yells, thoughts of different ways she could've handled runs through her head like a bullet train.
"I should show my dad," Vanessa turns to Dean. "Is he in the living room?"
Vanessa brushes her lips on the cool surface of the egg before pulling out a couple of her softest shirts and making a nest for the egg. She then pulls out a large comfortable shirt and leggings to go with it. Vanessa quickly pulls off her shirt and digs through her underwear drawer to find a set of non-lacey underwear.
"Got it," Dean kicks off his shoes before throwing himself onto the bed. "So. What'cha readin'?"
"So do I."
"Then why do you need rat poison?"
"-butterfly," Dean sighs, he doesn't like to hit butterflies but they are lazy fucks that fly too slow.
Dean looks at the angel in the passenger side seat. His dark hair is messily swept to the side. Dean would gladly kill anything to make this a date, but if it was he'd be too nervous to do anything. This is why he keeps chanting to himself that it's just a trip to the zoo, with the man he loves, without his brother...
"Well we've gotta shower, we are covered in witch blood, thank god we have extra clothes in the car," Sam says, "I'll go and grab them, oh, umm, Is it okay if we use your shower?"
Vanessa can't help but giggle until Dean puts that to an end and starts tormenting her gills once more, Vanessa moans and wraps her legs around Dean's waist, allowing him to carry her back to the cabin.
"It's just practice, " Vanessa smirks as she keeps up her slow pace with her hand. A low heat starts building inside of Dean as Vanessa swallows as much as she can without gagging.
"You made all of those? As practice? Damn Cas, you should make me pies every day! That shit was good!" Dean says, swallowing his last bite of cake.
"Well, he was asleep" Dave/Vanessa lies not knowing if vampires truly sleep.
Cas grunts unhappily. Vanessa turns to look at him, his lips turned into a small frown, and his hard gaze is on Vanessa, unhappily watching her talk about Dean. "You okay back there?" Vanessa asks as she raises a brow.
Giddy with excitement, Dean gladly crawls back out of the tent and jumps to his feet. Heading for the Impala to grab supplies. Dean opens the trunk and the compartment in it. The compartment is filled to the brim with weapons they've collected over the years from monster hunting.
"That's why it's safe to drink with wh-hiskey Dean, I,
"I'm sure she has some in one of the closets, it'll probably be in her room, be quiet when you go in there though she is somewhat of a light sleeper," Daniel says, pushing Malachite away.
"Well technically," Castiel starts, and Dean sighs, stuffing the now-folded map in his pocket as Castiel drones on about the different ways you can hurt yourself by walking.
"You, don't move" Vanessa turns back around to face Sam, she pushes on his shoulders and he falls on his back with a hiss. "I'm surprised Castiel hasn't healed you," Vanessa mutters as she looks at his wound, it was a deep gash going from his ribs to his navel.
"I'm sorry, I was...scenting you," she says, she feels her entire face heat up as Dean stares at her.
He watches the stranger wiggle his head through the correct hole and then wiggle his arms through the correct holes. "Good job, you have it on backward...but great job uhh," Dean says, trying to remember if the man had said his name. "Tim, you look like a Tim to me."
am. Vanessa groans, if thieves are trying to break into her house, she'll just deal with it in the morning. And all of the valuable stuff is downstairs anyways, except for her jewelry. Vanessa's eyelids start drooping again, but they snap back open at the sound of someone angrily limp up the stairs.
“Happy anniversary, my love.” The gift is neatly wrapped and Castiel grins stupidly as he watches Dean carefully take it in his hands.
Sam lowered the volume through his phone and looked at her curiously.
And with that, the fight left him. He’d said it, it was out, and he’d probably be feeling free if it weren’t for the fear and longing for Cas that was gripping him. Nonetheless, there was nothing more he could do, Cas was nowhere to be seen. His best option was to go back to the motel and wait. Maybe he’d come back. Maybe.
He tried to open his eyes again. A little better.  He turned, swung his legs over the bed, pulling himself into a sitting position.  A little too fast because a wave of nausea coiled like a snake in his gut, ready to strike. Deep breaths, just breath through it.  He took a half dozen slow deep breaths until it passed. Ok, he was ok now.  Opened his eyes one more time, finally adjusted to the room.   It wasn’t a surgical suite after all, just the lamp on his bed side table.
He could still speak a little bit of truth, though.
“I just told you that I loved you and that I want to be with you. Help me out here because we both know I’m not good at talking about feelings and I wanna get this right. What am I missing?”
Dean is stuck in his grief but Sam needs him to push through for a bit of help.  He's surprised by what he finds.
“I think so. But not just this time, for all time.”
“He said he’d outlived his usefulness, there was nothing for him here, and—” he swallowed thickly, “—he said goodbye, and then he left.”
“I’m working on that.” Dean piped in.
“I left as soon as I could after I found your location. I slept in my car for a few hours in the early morning, but I’ve been awake more or less since sunrise yesterday.”
“So, the third time, we got there and Dad told us that we might as well get settled and go to the local school and stuff because we weren’t leaving until the nest was dead.  Dean got me enrolled and dad would come and go for days even weeks at a time, tracking them, waiting for them to take him to the leader.”
“Yup, not his first rodeo.  First time a couple of years back, another truck stop outside Flagstaff.  Twice last year along I- 40.  Don’t know his story but he sure gets around.  Keep an eye out now that you know, you can’t miss those green eyes.”
~~~~~~
Jody looked back over her shoulder at them one more time, she looked as elated as they felt.
Cas and Huckleberry spend some quality time in the garden first thing in the morning. Dean follows him out eventually with something other than gardening in mind.
“I’m an angel Dean, I can go back to heaven whenever I want to. I don’t have to ask Jack for help.”
“What in the Sam Hill were you thinking, Dean?”
And that was it, awkward silence stretched between them. Cas neither stood up to greet him nor looked his way. His gaze stayed forward focused.
“I understand, Sam.” And Cas nodded gravely, as though making a solemn promise. Sam turned his attention to Dean.
“Now that that’s settled, lets move on.”
“I can’t Dean, I’m too tired and everything hurts. It’s actually closer to you than me.”
It wasn’t the first time they’d fought and went their separate ways for a few days only to circle back and carry on. But this was different, it felt different. Cas had always kept in touch with Sam, but not this time. This time, the door shut and Cas was gone, as though he hadn’t even been here at all. If Dean was being honest with himself, as the days turned into weeks, he knew deep down that he wasn’t coming back. Whatever had ruptured between them had been final and complete.
“Well, I’m a fallen angel with weakening grace that currently leaves me 7/10 human.  I would like to spend the rest of it, and my eventual human existence at your side until such a time as we can convince our son Jack to admit both of us into Heaven together.  I don’t plan to lose you again.”
Cas pumped the gas again; Dean walked a circuit around the overside parking lot and waited. Together they headed into the large building that was built to accommodate high volume traffic. It housed three fast-food restaurants, a convenience store, and an impressively large bathroom. They hit up the washroom first and headed to the coffee chain with its bold red and white signage. Dean discretely held his hand out to look at his shiny silver band in the bright light. What a day.
Turning towards the motel, he saw Cas, his own duffle in hand, crossing the lot towards him. Or, crossing to get to his truck at least. His back was straight, shoulders back, those piercing blue eyes glaring at him, and his mouth a grim line. He was clearly bracing for a showdown.
“So helping me get the bill introduced is a way of honoring Jimmy’s memory?”
“You too. Nervous?” Said Dean.
Just then, the waitress brought their orders, placing a cobb salad in front of Sam, and then placing a second cobb salad in front of Dean.
Dean follows him to the bathroom and Castiel gets out the tweezers and the first aid kit, reaching for the lighted magnifying lens next. This was not the first incident involving glass and it sure had come in handy over the years.
“Just wondering, is all. You’ve been keeping to yourself.”
The three of them were silent for a moment, partially to collect their emotions so they could continue, and partially to just process what had just happened.
“The leak to the press and the picture…” The pieces fell into place for Dean, the bastard had set them up. “Sonofabitch! I am going to kill you!”
What had he done?
“Not at all, I’ll never dom professionally again. I was going to get out as soon as I graduated anyway…” Cas looked at Dean intently, his deep blue eyes assessing and watching for a reaction. “...but that doesn’t mean I don’t want to dom...personally.”
Cas reached into his pocket now and brought out the ring he had chosen for Dean.  Dean hadn’t seen it yet, had only gone to the store for sizing. It was also silver but the metal was brushed and the entire ring had been hammered in a way that it kind of looked like a honeycomb. It was perfectly Cas and perfect for him.
The pulse of the showerhead felt great, and he made quick work of washing his hair and body.  By the time Cas had pulled back the shower curtain and stepped in he was clean and rinsed.  Welcoming his husband with a quick kiss, he put both hands on Cas’ shoulders and shuffled him around slowly, so they wouldn’t slip, until Cas was under the spray of the showerhead.
Speechless, Sam stared at his brother with wide eyes. He would have eventually strung a response together, but Dean pulled off the road and into the parking lot of a diner advertising “the best pie in three counties.” Pulling the keys from the ignition he turned to his brother before getting out. “I’ll let you off on it once because I’m feeling generous, but don’t try that again, capiche?”
“She can do that?”
The laughter and conversation died down as soon as the group caught sight of them. To say that Cas cut an intimidating figure was an understatement. The shitty music stopped; the crackling of the fire was all that could be heard. Dean had seen first hand the effect the Russian had on people when he was projecting dangerous intent. As gorgeous as he was, once those blue eyes turned to ice anyone with half a brain knew to get the hell out of the way.  Most of the kids stepped back in reflex to the perceived threat. One stepped forward.
Okay, that was Russian. Dean was dumbfounded. Cas spoke French and Russian? The Ambassador looked impressed; everyone in the group looked impressed.
“Is there anything else I need to know?”
“We have a vineyard, yes.”
“Я тоже.” The ambassador smiled and looked at Dean expectantly.
Three long seconds of silence, and then Cas heard a crash and the sound of breaking glass coming from the direction of 7B.  The dungeon, of course. The place where he had both told Dean he loved him, and then left him alone to deal with it.  It made sense that he would go back there if he thought Cas had left him again.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, wishing he had a drink. “So, let me get this straight.  If I use the sigil, and it works, I’m going to have a lifelong bond with Cas that can’t be broken, ever?”
“I was thinking about Huckleberry.”
That car crash is still the worst day of Castiel’s life. Getting the call from the hospital, rushing there and not knowing if Dean was alive, not being allowed to even see him because Castiel was not listed as his next of kin back then…Castiel still has nightmares about it. It took Dean a week to wake up from the coma. It took him even longer to recover.
“Seriously Dean, get a hold of yourself. Losing your shit is not going to help.”  Sam pulled the chair out next to Cas at the table and motioned for Dean to sit. He acquiesced but stayed rigid with tension. They’d all have to tread carefully.
“As sure as they can be without a body, yeah.” And because she was kind and always filled with love, she offered to lighten his burden as much as she could. “Do you want me to call Sam? Have him come and get you? I’m a day’s drive away, but I can come if you need me?”
“First light they’ve got divers coming to drag the reservoir, but they're saying it’s a recovery and not a rescue.” They were looking for a body. Jody was telling him there was no hope. What was he even supposed to say to that? He felt numb, everywhere. He knew she could hear him crying, but he didn’t care anymore. He’d had years with Cas and he’d wasted them, and then when it mattered most, he’d let him down. Not even magic could get him past his own bullshit.
“I honestly don’t think it was ever anything else.”
Naked except for his boxers and bee socks, Cas turned to the pile he had taken from Dean’s room.  If Sam was right, and Dean loved him but didn’t know how to say it, Cas was going to make it easy, so easy for him.  He quickly dressed himself in Dean’s own clothes. Worn denim jeans, dark grey t-shirt, blue flannel, and an old pair of his boots.  Without a single word Cas was going to show that he belonged to Dean already.  All Dean had to do was accept what he was offering.
And that might have been the saddest realization of Dean’s whole life.
Dean doesn’t seem to notice, or if he does, he lets it slide. He lets Castiel take the lead in cooking, proudly declaring that he’s ‘
“Sunrise?”
Pinning the man up against a column, he yelled for Sam and Eileen to get the kids out and take them somewhere safe.  Knowing that what was coming wasn’t something any child needed to see, they quickly led them out stopping long enough only to grab the laptop and external drive.  “We’ll call Jody and find out how to make a safe handoff for the kids.  I’ll wipe the four of us out of the surveillance video and hand the rest over for her to investigate.  She’ll make sure anyone who isn’t here is identified and caught.”
That done, he ambled back up the gentle slope to the cabin and left his mug in the sink for tomorrow. In fact, he decided to leave everything for tomorrow, the last 24 hours had been a lot, even for Dean Winchester.  There was a memory foam mattress waiting for him in the bedroom and he was beat anyway, absolutely nothing was going to change between now and tomorrow morning.
Cas was sitting in one of the Adirondack chairs by the beach, for all intents and purposes it looked like he was studying the surface of the lake as though it held the answers to all of life’s great mysteries.  Dean’s heart squeezed just looking at him from behind as he approached. Messy dark hair that he’d come to love over the years, broad shoulders hunched forward slightly, legs stretched out in front of him, crossed at the ankle. He’d raided Dean’s duffle bag it seemed, he was wearing jeans and a maroon hoody.  As far as Dean was concerned, it was one of the most beautiful sights he’d ever seen. His heart squeezed again, and he felt a lump in his throat.  Approaching the chair quietly, he placed his hand on Cas’s shoulder.
“I’m sorry, Dean. I thought you hated me.”
So yeah, given the spell, maybe everything had worked out for the best. If Cas hadn’t contacted them by now, he wasn’t going to. Maybe he could be honest about everything else and ignore this one corner of his private life. The universe owed him at least that much, didn’t it?
“Uh, sure.” Dean reached into the end pocket, drew his hand out, and shoved it back in quickly, but not quickly enough. “You bring lube on all your hunts now?”
“That was the absolute last time you are ever going to talk about yourself that way, do you understand?” He punctuated every word to make sure they landed where Dean would hear them.
Dean headed to the kitchen to pour them both a whiskey and met Cas on the balcony where he was taking in the view over the Washington Monument and beyond. It was a clear night, the stars twinkled in the inky darkness and the air was just crisp enough to make the temperature comfortable with their jackets still on. Glass in hand, he offered it to Cas.
Cas nodded and pulled the car back onto the road. Less than five minutes later the car turned off the road onto a long driveway, heading towards a darker colored house with a separate barn around back. The lane itself was flanked by grapevines, standing sentinel in their orderly rows. The gravel crunched under the tires as the car crept forward, slow enough that Dean could get out and walk faster.
Cas reaches out to reverently trace the shape of the swan closest to him when a small sound draws his eyes from the table to the floor where Dean sits in a small puddle of water, white roses and pieces of a smashed vase around him.
“Understood.” Both men answered in unison. Idly Cas thought that being alone with Dean for the rest of the week would be anything but a hardship.
When the door clicked shut, Dean turned the lock and turned to Cas.
“Clearly the odds are in your favor looking at Cas and Sam here, not all of my patients are so lucky.  Just the same though, they can’t keep you from drinking, only you can.  And you can’t do it alone, so here is a list of local sobriety groups you can look into when you are feeling better.  I would also recommend that for the most success, you might want to see a counselor who can help you understand how your drinking became so serious and identify changes you can make moving forward.  A list of local counselors is on the other side of the paper, no referral needed you just call.” She handed the sheet to Dean who eyed it warily but still accepted it.
“Well, you can bring me pie anytime Sweetheart.”  The words slipped out without thinking and Dean’s cheeks pinked up with embarrassment, looking quickly as he saw two spots of color on Cas’s as well.  I guess that was his cue.
, he explained the kiss against the door, and he explained exactly what it felt like when he got the call from Jody. Cas, for his part, was forlorn and apologetic.
“That may be true, but look again, I added a few…alterations…at your request.”
“How’d you figure this part was going to play out?”
“Impala.”
Within a week they had found an old farm between town and the bunker. Long abandoned because it was supposedly haunted (it was but that was an easy fix), they got it for a song using money Dean had saved from the sale of Bobby’s property years before. He’d kept it aside, always assuming it would be for Sam to move on with after Dean had been killed in a hunt somewhere down the line.  But Sam had already moved on with Eileen and was going to be just fine, and Dean, settled with his angel, wasn’t planning on going anywhere, anytime soon.
“Don’t fuck it up.” Without waiting for a reply Sam turned and walked out.
He had no clue what must be going through the angel's mind at the moment. Dean knew he’d been cruel and cold to him before he left the bunker. And he knew that he’d been a dick on the phone too. He’d deserved the broken nose. Remembering the look on Cas's face back in the cemetery when he’d held a gun on Jack, yeah, he’d deserved a broken nose and more.
Turning to look at Cas, seeing the worry on his face, he leaned in for a quick kiss.
“A cat? Are we getting a cat?”
“Uh, this is Sheriff Alden Roy from Pine Bluffs outside of Cheyenne. Just checking on Agent Worley.” Dean gripped the phone, that was Cas’s fake FBI name. So much for the universe giving him a break.
“Originally, yes. But not here, in Canada. That was our back door, they’d send us to Canada with fake IDs as young agents. We’d go to university, perfect English, start careers, and build a solid backstory until such time as we were directed to move to the US. It was a much easier and more expedient way to infiltrate America.”
“Whiskey?”
Walking to the car, Dean’s cell began to ring. They both stopped dead and looked at each other with dread while Dean fished the cell out of his pocket. Figuring it was the recovery team, he answered and braced for the news he never wanted to hear.
Drunk or not John caught on immediately that he was being baited.  He didn’t say a word, took another sip of his beer and continued to glare at Cas the entire time.
Cas took the glass and clinked the rim against Dean’s glass.
Castiel squeezed his biceps and let go. His spine straightened just enough for the change to be perceptible. The scene was back on and Dean wasn’t feeling so cold all of a sudden.
“Relax Dean, you’re not dead -this time at least, you’ve been out since I got here a day and a half ago, and Cas is down by the lake.  He’s been up for a few hours.”
“You know what I mean,” Dean grumps, but he buries his face in the crook of Castiel’s neck, awkwardly hugging him back while keeping his hands free. “Thirteen years, Cas. I’m sorry this is not what we pictured. That I am not what you…”
“Yeah? So, what are we taking today?”
Sam’s hand snaked out across the table again, stopping Cas before he could even try to move away.
“Do you really hate me this much, Dean? Why are you so cruel?”
Copying Dean, he took the ring and slid it onto Dean’s left hand, stopping at the same spot on his ring finger.
Dean sighed and looked at the phone in his hand. He shouldn’t have answered. He should have known better. He grabbed the charger and plugged the ‘FBI’ phone back in. Tossing it onto the pile for the next time it was used. There was nothing for it now. He hoped to God that Cas would be long gone before he got there. Otherwise, he didn’t know what he was going to do.
“Cas, if I answer that the way I want to, nothing else is going to get covered and we’ve got things to discuss. I’m going to say yellow and ask to park this for now, okay?”
“I’ve been waiting a long time to find the next ‘It’ couple, and decided that you two were finally, well, ‘it.’
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thank you, James.” Dean didn’t move, he was coiled tension beneath his fingers.
Thanks to
“We also know that it’s likely that at least one of Castiel’s other clients tried to kidnap him this morning, best case scenario to ensure that he doesn’t talk. Worst case scenario, to silence him themself.” She looked at Sam who encouraged her to keep going.
“I was right, you are delicious in every way, and you held position perfectly. I just know that you’re going to be my beautiful boy. So very good for me.” Dean felt like he was going to burst under all of the praise, even with his body aching for completion.”You deserve a reward, and I’m going to give it to you. Do you want to come by my mouth, or by my hand? You may choose.”
“And can you at least tell me where that is?”
After a quick shower and dry off, an exhausted Dean was back in the main room. Cas, wearing the clothes Dean had given him, was already in bed, leaning on one side but pushed up on his elbow. Waiting, and looking more than a little nervous. Dean thought he’d never seen him look more gorgeous.
They’d been living in the house for a month now and had fallen into an easy rhythm of waking with the sun, making out until the call of coffee became too great, lazy breakfasts, and mornings spent working on their separate projects.  Cas, working on and planning what will eventually be a large vegetable and multiple flower gardens around the property.  He had even worked out a deal with a local apiary to house a beehive or two in return for a share of honey.
Dean noticed Cas’ eyes tighten, so whatever she had said must not have been so kind. Regardless, he didn’t pause in his response.
“Yeah Cas?”
“The farm is in the country, but it’s not completely isolated. I wasn’t able to avoid interacting with the local community - and they had questions. Everything had to be consistent, it’s not like I can pack up and disappear this time. I told everyone that you stayed behind in Vancouver to finish up your work contract and sell our previous home.”
Without any further preamble, Castiel took him in hand and stroked his cock slowly. Dean hissed from the intensity and canted his hips instinctively to gain friction. He couldn’t help himself.
“Well, that doesn’t seem so complicated.”
“You, ah, mind if I sit?” Dean shifted on his feet not knowing what to do. “Sam said he’d bring us coffee when it was done.”
“Honestly, I don’t know what to think. Not like I was expecting this when Charlie and Sam were pounding on my door this morning.”
The bathroom was old. The toilet, tub, and sink were all a hideous shade of green that screamed the 70’s. Cas called it vintage, but Dean called it disgusting, and renovating it was number one on his list once he started making some money. He had plans for a deep soaker tub that would fit the two of them and a walk-in double shower, and it was going to be awesome.  But for now, he had to settle for the Brady Bunch bathroom which was fine because the water was hot and Cas was getting set to join him.
His coworkers asked if he’d liked the movie the next day. Aimee had seen it before.
Castiel liked the lull during the middle of the movie when he took a break from the projection booth and came down to see if concessions needed assistance. He filled orders, a smile on his face and exchanging pre-determined phrases. Butter with that? I’m sorry, we only have Diet Coke, not Diet Pepsi. I also wish we had root beer. Yes, we allow free refills. Please enjoy your show. He liked when the customers responded to that with “You too” and then had a slow realization as they walked away that as he wasn’t watching the show and their response was nonsensical. It was predictable and comforting that so many humans were so alike in small ways.
‘Please don’t apologize.’ There was a long pause as Dean tried to think of a response when his phone lit up again. ‘How are you?’
When Cas brought up visiting the bunker it didn’t hurt like Dean was worried it would.
Castiel didn’t try to explain again that Dean wasn’t his boyfriend, and he also didn’t explain that Dean lived closer to 200 miles away. He understood that was a long distance for most people to typically drive almost every week to see a friend. Dean walked in, waving while running right for the bathroom. Castiel frowned, knowing that meant he hadn’t stopped on the drive between the theater and the bunker so that he could be here by Castiel’s break time. He pulled off his apron and waited for Dean closer to the entrance.
“It’s ok if you’re not up for this, Cas. You know I’m good with your boundaries and stuff. Like just say the word and I will back off, no pressure at all, ok?” His words were confusing, but Castiel was still unsure if this would be solved by coffee or not. He continued stroking Dean’s cheek, carefully petting the scruff of his morning stubble downwards. Dean’s eyes opened and met his own intently “And the whole six month thing, it’s not a deadline or anything. I like what we have.”
“Ooh what’s the movie?” Dean peered at the film stock, placing a hand on Castiel’s back to brace himself as he leaned closely to the reel.
Aimee looked puzzled by his choice, but moved on, and began talking about the road trips she went on in her childhood.
“Hell, Cas, you can pick music you like, you know. Like anything at all, no hold barred here, I bet Sam left some whiny indie stuff even.”
“That’s great, it’s really great to see you guys made up.” Sam sounded enthused and smug. Sam scooped up Cas’s bag from where Cas had dropped it before hugging Dean. Dean frowned and grabbed the bag back from Sam. He was still planning on being a gentleman type boyfriend, that meant helping with bags. Sam smirked and rolled his eyes.
“GOD, yes.” Dean’s hands raised to grip the back of his head, his mouth meeting Castiel’s urgently, almost frantically. He lifted his hands away almost immediately and pulled back away, breaking the rather wonderful kiss that they had been sharing, and unfortunately cutting short Castiel’s investigation. “Shit, I shouldn’t have…Shit. Was that too much? Fuck.” He leaned his forehead to touch Castiel’s, his eyes scrunched in concern. Castiel stroked the side of his head, the softness of his hair, the tenseness of Dean’s face releasing at the touch. He lifted his head and looked at Castiel with a soft smile. He tucked his own hand into Castiel’s hair and let out a shaky breath. “Happy six months anyway.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“He’s not my boyfriend.” Castiel responded while filling a large popcorn, carefully laying down one thin layer and tossing it in a coat of a substance erroneously referred to as butter before adding the next layer.
“Goodnight, Dean.” Castiel said this quieter than he often spoke in recognition of the closeness of Dean’s ears. Dean’s pupils widened slightly as Castiel pressed the back of his fingers slightly against the back of his head, almost pulling him closer. Then Castiel dropped the pressure and took his hand down. He laid back onto the bed. Dean stayed in the same position for quite awhile, while Castiel drifted off to sleep.
“He’s not…I wasn’t planning on inviting him.” Castiel responded, continuing to reassemble the popcorn machine for the next morning’s shift.
They gathered up additional firewood and longer sticks for the marshmallows. Dean almost immediately burnt his, but happily piled it in between the chocolate and crackers. Castiel located an ember and toasted his marshmallow to an even golden brown. Dean whistled in admiration. Castiel smiled and offered the finished s’more to Dean. Dean refused, but gave in after some insistence. He mumbled his thanks around a mouthful of marshmallow, and then carefully toasted a marshmallow to the same golden color, keeping it from the fire. He elaborately made a s’more and presented it to Castiel, with a wink. “I can be a gentleman too.”
“Red Vines?” Dean looked into the bag Castiel was holding open for him. “Didn’t make you for a Red Vines guy.”
‘Sorry I didn’t reach out sooner. Thanks for checking on Sam.’
Castiel opened the box of Sno-Caps he’d purchased from the movie theater, and was dissatisfied with their chalky texture. Dean took some when he offered, pouring a handful while making a face. “What even is a nonpareil?”
He cleaned at the end of the night with Aaron. “Are you going to bring your boyfriend?”
“Hello, Sam.” Cas broke the kiss but kept them in an embrace. “Thank you for the assistance, I believe our plan was successful.”
*******
Later after the theater had closed, Aimee was talking about her date the night before while they cleaned. Castiel was breaking down the popcorn machine into it’s component parts to soak off the truly impressive buildup of salt and oil.
‘Good night, Dean.’ Cas sent a Cat emoji. Dean waved, feeling silly but knowing no one would see him waving goodnight at the emoji. He repeated out loud. “Good night, Cas. Sleep well.”
Dean flipped onto his back. “Look, I’m not mad. Shit. I just assumed we’d celebrate. I know it’s kind of high school but it’s not like I know what the fuck I’m doing.” He reached across himself to awkwardly pat Castiel’s shoulder. “And it’s still been an awesome trip, so thank you. I’ll communicate better next time and align expectations. Communication is important.” He enunciated the last part as though he was reading it out of a book he had studied carefully.
“And you began driving to see me.” Castiel fitted the pieces together. Flashes of the night in that hotel swam into his mind. He had been sad, his conversation with Ephraim about pain stinging. Dean’s presence had been a balm, and Dean’s help preparing for his date with Nora and the beer making him bold. His clumsy attempts at seduction had been to tell Dean he had appreciated his instructions on dating as it was something he would implement in the future, but he was unsure about sex, which rather than conveying a desire for sex had led to Dean unknowingly instigating a relationship only one of them knew about. Dean’s attitude towards him had changed not because he was seeking forgiveness for kicking him out of the bunker, but because Dean was attempting to be a good partner. He looked up at Dean full of guilt. “Dean, you have been an exemplary person to date. I am truly sorry but I believe I have failed you on numerous levels.”
Castiel knew Dean was attracted to male bodies, although he didn’t talk about that attraction as he often did regarding attraction to women. He also knew Dean was likely attracted to the male body Castiel had been inhabiting for the majority of the time Dean had been in his life, but his past attempts to initiate a physical relationship had been unsuccessful. He thought about tension and what Aimee had said, that she almost liked the tension before the first kiss more than the kiss itself. He hadn’t quite understood what she had meant but standing by the fire, he recognized the feeling and their circumstances as ones he had felt many times with Dean. He wondered if Dean also liked the tension more than the kiss, that perhaps Castiel had not understood that in the past as something Dean enjoyed about their relationship.
“If you get canned, you could always come back to the bunker.” Dean’s back was tense, he was carefully not looking at Castiel. “I mean if you wanted to. You could do whatever you wanted to do. I support your choices.”
Castiel ate another one, analyzing the crunch of the small balls on top of the candy. “They’re my favorite road trip snack.” He explained. Dean was puzzled but didn’t request clarification.
*A: Es ist immer wieder eine Freude, jemanden zu treffen, der genauso leidenschaftlich gegenüber den Naturwissenschaften und dem, was sie Gutes tun können, wie ich. Sagen Sie mir doch bitte, wo Sie so ausgezeichnet Deutsch sprechen gelernt haben? (It's always a pleasure to meet someone who is just as passionate about science and what it can do for good as I am. Would you please tell me where you learned to speak German so well?)
Shame washed over Dean and he schooled his tone to be softer when he responded.
The next hour was a flurry of activity, Sam went to work drawing up the agreement while Charlie went over the press release. It was going to say that they had met when Dean first moved to DC but had kept it a secret, and it was going to be released along with a shot of them as happy newlyweds. Benny and Jack returned with all of Castiel’s belongings, sadly contained in only three boxes and a laptop bag. Castiel and Charlie worked together to effectively shut down all of Castiel’s presence on the internet, legal or otherwise. She was surprised with the caliber of his security; digital fingerprints indicated that several attempts had been made to break into his accounts since the story broke but they’d stood firm. With her help, everything was taken down and stored elsewhere. She assured him that the information was now safer than a Swiss Bank.
Castiel was unprepared for the sickening punch in his gut to see Dean cock his head and smile at a much older man who approached him after exiting the restaurant. Looking more like a child than an adult, he ran his hand down the older man’s arm and nodded towards the alley in invitation.  The trucker easily let himself be led into the dark alley and out of sight.  He felt ill, and completely helpless to stop it.  Having come here for John, he couldn’t risk changing the events of the evening before the right time.   All he could do was head into the restaurant and wait.
“The Canadian government thinks that we are married?”
“Let’s try this again sweetheart, and this time don’t interrupt me. I’m tryin’ to have a serious discussion here.”
When they had finally gotten together Dean had expected Cas to be shy and uncertain when it came to sex, at least in the beginning. This had not been the case, much to his very pleasant surprise. Cas had turned out to be both enthusiastic and assertive, making Dean wish more than once that he had had the energy and stamina he’d had in his twenties or even early thirties.
Cas saw the paper and arched one brow. Heat curled in Dean’s belly, that single brow did things to his imagination.
Down to his boxer briefs, he strode into the bathroom. The large soaker tub and oversized Riverstone stall with double shower heads both seemed to possess a lot more potential than they did 24 hours ago. If things worked out, this room might win out over the kitchen for being his favorite.
“That is everything Jody, you can marry us now.”
He took all of Dean back into his mouth and repeated the process, making humming and slurping noises around the shaft. The heat from his mouth and the ministrations of his tongue were rapidly bringing Dean to the edge and he was starting to worry he wouldn’t be able to hold back from coming.
“Still yes Dean. Always yes.”
“Hey, Cas.”
Pulling off to the side of the lot, Dean got in and buckled up. Castiel waited. He was biting his bottom lip again, and Dean wondered if this was a new thing or simply new that he noticed.
“And I’ll make sure to do right by you in return, Cas. I take care of what’s mine too.”
That left Dean looking at Cas and Cas looking at Dean. Blue eyes and green, holding court, together. Dean reached his right hand up and caressed Cas’s cheek.
Trauma in a family, decontextualized over time, looks like family traits.
“Ohh.”  He probably wasn’t supposed to, but he canted his hips again, desperate for more. Cas responded by bringing his hand back to cup his balls and apply gentle pressure and humming along his entire shaft at the same time.
He leaned in and kissed Dean’s cheek. Then he moved his mouth to whisper in Dean’s ear.
More companionable silence while Dean picked away at his pie and coffee.  There was so much he wanted to say, but his mind was jumbled and emotionally he was wrecked from the rollercoaster ride he had been on these last few days.  He just felt so raw. Finishing the pie and coffee he released his hand and carried the dishes to the sink.  Washing could wait for tomorrow.  Turning, he leaned back against the counter, crossed his legs at the ankles, and looked at Cas, really looked at him.
Sam couldn’t see everything from the angle of where the phone was placed but he could hear it and he could imagine the show down taking place. Cas was channeling the commander he used to be when he was in charge of an angelic garrison, and there really was no room for discussion in his tone.
“No, it will take a little more time.”
“How’d you all feel about going to a wedding tonight?”
“I know. I’m sorry I let you think that.” He took their joined hands, brought them to his lips, and kissed Cas’s knuckles. His green eyes looked into Cas’s blue ones again and searched for understanding. “If you let me, I promise I’ll never make you feel that way ever again.”
“When wasn’t it difficult circumstances Cas?”
Dean felt himself preen under the affirmation; he was making Castiel happy already. There was a knock at the door. Checking his watch he realized that it must be Benny to escort them to the SUV.
‘Okay, but you agreed to shut down your business. Are you changing your mind already?”
“Papers are drawn up, just need you both to review and sign. Everything we discussed is in here...including your request Castiel. Both of you take a moment to look it over.” Castiel took his seat beside Dean and Sam, in full lawyer mode, slid a pile of papers and a pen across the table towards each man.
Dean could almost feel the wave of relief that washed in his direction. Whatever this little talk had been about, this had been the thing keeping Cas on edge all day. Well, that and trying to get out of the country and into Canada without being detected.
“I ordered a bacon cheeseburger.”
“No.” They both responded in unison. Ok then.
Trying to recover, he had suggested takeout to celebrate. Not that Cas ate anything, but to get Sam out of the bunker so they could talk. Once Sam left, he took a deep breath and tried again.
“Yeah man, of course. We've already booked into a local motel. Let’s go there and talk. Okay?”
“Of sorts…?”
“Be a dear and get me a refill of Glenfiddich, and while you’re at it, your husband’s drink has gone dry… wouldn’t want you to get into any… trouble.” Dean paled, Crowley knew. But how? “Don’t give me that look, there are no recording devices in your condo. I’m a businessman, not a voyeur. Do you think I wouldn’t know discrete submission when I see it? Please, you’re one of three couples playing tonight. Events like these bring them out in droves. Now, go, I’m thirsty.”
“Sam, I think we are. Just let me go ok? I need to get out of here. You don’t understand.”
“Wasn’t expecting that, I don’t have grace, but Cas wouldn’t have left a note saying we shouldn’t try it, he would have said it was deadly.  That must mean he’d agreed already, right? Cas always said we had a “profound bond” maybe that will work, maybe we are already bonded like this?”
“So, where does a passport with my picture come into all of this?”
“Forever then, awesome.” Castiel remembers the rectangular box with Dean’s present, now lying forgotten on the table. But now was not the time to give it to him. “Let’s get you all bandaged up. Come on.”
“Dean…”
He justified the whole thing, running circles in his mind until he hit the outskirts of Pine Bluffs. The good news was that the town was small. Hopefully, that meant any case would be quick to solve and Cas would be long gone.
“It’s a date but I am going to roll my eyes every time someone cries.”
Castiel was weighing questioning further, or letting Dean continue to touch him, when Dean sat up, stretched, and began digging into his bag. As further kissing seemed not in his immediate future, Castiel also sat up and cleared his throat. “Dean, I apologize, but we’ve been together for far longer than six months. Is there an additional way of measuring time I’m missing?”
“Hey, Cas,” he walked up to him and there was an awkward moment where he half raised his arm and then started to lower it. Cas regarded him briefly with a wary expression and then pulled him into a hug. “Oh woah…ok. Hi. What’s up, I thought Charlie was giving you a ride tomorrow?”
The following week was the first week of the month, when Dean insisted on driving him to a bulk store to stock up his apartment. Castiel had explained multiple times that he was capable of purchasing any items he needed from the nearby corner store and carrying it back to his apartment, but he let Dean take him on this monthly trip. Dean enjoyed walking through the store, milling with people, eating every free sample offered and enthusing about how great it was with the person working the stand. Sometimes he would insist on purchasing the item he sampled, the only limitation being Castiel’s rather small freezer.
His gaze flickered to Castiel’s mouth, and back up to his eyes. The romantic tension Castiel had noticed the prior evening returned. Castiel thought about the tension before the kiss, that Dean seemed interested in inciting. He flipped onto his side as well to face Dean, and reached out to caress his cheek. Dean’s eyes closed at the touch, his breath held slightly before he let it out in a huff. Castiel realized Dean’s breath smelled like breathwash, that he must have used while Castiel was asleep.
“Mmmm?” His voice was fond, even the grunt.
Castiel shivered slightly when the wind picked up off the lake. Dean noticed, and took his coat off and held it up towards him. Castiel noted Dean had 3 additional layers under the coat, 2 more than himself, so he nodded and Dean draped the coat around him. He also placed his arm around him, rubbing it up and down his arm. It was very effective at inducing warmth and Castiel burrowed into the heat.
“Counting from the whole gripping me tight and raising me from perdition or me stabbing you in a barn?” Dean smiled over at him.
“I’m good, I just-I’m going to play you the song, ok?” He heard Cas’s exhale, relaxing back into the couch. He put the phone down near the speaker, and restarted the song. He laid down on his side, facing the stereo. Cas was silent, listening. The song ended and he raised the phone back up.
“He’s…. yes, he did.” Castiel wasn’t sure what term to use for Dean that captured their history but didn’t correct her.
Castiel frowned in confusion. Dean attempting to sound supportive without adding in a joke to break the pressure of having a serious conversation felt wrong. He wasn’t sure how to respond, and attempted sincerity in kind. “I support your choices too, Dean.”
“Dean, I-“ Castiel stopped as Dean held out a hand. “Thank you.”
Dean walked around the perimeter of the room with his EMF meter, scanning the room for any signs of supernatural activity. This was not something depicted in vacation movies Castiel had seen, but it seemed like a sensible decision. Dean frowned as the EMF meter ticked up near one corner.
Dean pulled the pillow over his face. Charlie waited a few beats and continued the conversation with a more serious tone. “Honestly, I think he would have known, y’know. If he had dated anyone before. From what you told me, at least, you were a great boyfriend. I mean I have been involved in three different situations where guys decided to relationship me without actually talking to me about it, and they all were just way shittier about it.”
Dean had buried a lot over the years, grief and anger and revenge, not to mention people. He could bury this.
Dean opened his mouth wider to object because he didn’t fuss but Cas continued, “I’m learning what I enjoy out of life as a human, but understand that since the moment I touched your soul in hell that no matter what way I could be in your life, I would take it. However I can have you, I will.”
“I believe the plot is much less dramatic. Would you like to join me in watching it tonight?” Castiel asked, looking over at Dean who appeared pleased with the invitation.
“I-I can’t. I need to get out of here.” Dean scrubbed his face with his hand, continuing to avoid Castiel’s face.”
“Gotta say, Cas, you know the way to my heart.” Dean grinned at him, reached into the bag to pull out beef jerky and pulled out of the parking lot. He gestured for Castiel to choose music, a rare opportunity. He chose a tape of Creedence Clearwater Revival, a band he knew Dean liked. Dean smiled as the guitar started up and the singer started singing about a storm. “Did you go with CCR because of some sort of religious pun?”
He spent his next few shifts chatting amicably with his coworkers about his potential trip.
“I handle receiving inventory, the popcorn bags are a similar weight.” Castiel explained. Dean whistled and gave him a thumbs up, handling his shoulders with admiration. Among the things Castiel didn’t talk about with Dean was that Dean was attracted to men but rarely acted on that attraction. He was never sure when Dean expressed admiration for his physical form if that was an expression of sexual attraction or not. He thought about the frequent assumptions that Dean was his boyfriend. However, as Dean had been uninterested in the past, he didn’t follow up on that line of questioning.
After Chuck, after Jack, after Cas, after it was all over, they had stopped. Cold. No more hunts.  They’d saved the world and given almost everything in the process. Nearly losing Eileen again had made Sam determined to build a life they could both share, outside of hunting where death wasn’t waiting around the corner on a daily basis. He was going to add to the lore, research the best of what was known and incorporate what they had learned along the way so any hunters coming behind them would benefit. Inheriting Rowena’s library would even bring some new knowledge to the table.  Maybe not as sexy as being a hunter, but a hell of a lot safer.
“I know I’ve been a lot lately. You’ve been taking care of me and—” Dean must feel Castiel starting to say something, deny it, reassure him, because he squeezes where his hands are on Castiel’s hips. “You
“‘The hell, Crowley?” Dean could not believe what he was hearing.
“No, I wanted you to be safe, I just knew you were too stubborn to listen to common sense.”
“Gents, thank you for accepting my invitation. It warms my heart to see you two together. Strapping lads, the both of you…” He lifted his drink and took a sip, “...everything worked out much better than I expected.”
Sam couldn’t see it, but he could almost feel Cas tilt his head to one side while considering the offer. They drove in silence for a moment, with only the wiper blades for punctuation.
“What exactly did he say, Dean?” Sam’s voice was somber, the gravity of the situation was real for both of them now.
“I’ll drink it if you keep me company. Deal?” Cas handed over the coffee and sat beside him, being careful not to jostle the bed and cause the coffee to spill. Dean took a sip and murmured his appreciation. “Perfect, I could get used to this.”
“Your father?” That couldn’t be right, thinking back to his first meeting with Dean where it was clear that he had father issues. Bobby and his reputation for social equality didn’t fit with what he had picked up from Dean. But then again, his mother had always projected a family image that was well crafted and completely false. Remembering the scars on Dean’s back, he stepped forward towards Bobby and spoke so low that only he and Dean would hear him.
Dean took both of his hands and moved them back to Cas’s hips, shoving as far forward as he could pushing the cockhead to the back of his throat.  Unable to talk, he groaned deeply, the low vibrations rumbled through Cas’ body, sending his husband over the edge.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Among other things, yes.”
“God, yes.” Dean smiled and went to pour.
Dean didn’t know how to respond, he couldn’t imagine living that deep undercover, for that long.
“No, but the next call is due any second.”
“If you’d like to, when you’d like to.”
“Of course, hey Dean, how are you?”
“Oh, I don’t. But my business is by referral only.  My clients know to pass my card off with their pseudonym so that I know it’s a legitimate reference.” He pinned the man down with his indigo eyes. “I guarantee discretion, and part of that is by screening any new client
“Yeah, Cas. That’s perfect.” Dean lifted the corner of the sheets and slid in beside him, positioning himself on his side, facing Cas. They looked at each other for a long moment, Dean still feeling greedy for more.
Cas perked up at the mention of his garden, he’d had some exciting news to share. “Dean, I forgot to tell you! Brooke from the apiary was telling me that there’s a lot of demand for heritage varieties of vegetables at the local farmers’ markets.  I’m going to plant different heirloom varieties of kale and a few other things and she’s going to help me get set up with a table to sell it all.”
Cas was looking twitchy again, this was clearly the part he’d been trying to avoid.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright, I’m in. What happens next?”
“I thought for sure, especially when you left your phone.”
Dean made his way to the kitchen and poured a generous amount of high-end whiskey for himself and his new husband. What a God damned day full of surprises this had been, and it wasn’t over yet.
In the driver’s seat, Castiel sighed. They were both frustrated but Dean didn’t care, this was a big deal and he resented Cas’ insinuation that it wasn’t. He’d given up everything, everything to serve his country. To be branded a traitor through his association with the Russian was a big ask.
There was no response to that outside of Dean lifting the glass he had previously provided to his lips and taking a long drink. Castiel watched his throat move as he swallowed the water, he had rules about how he interacted with his clients, to separate professional and personal - but this client? Well, this one he could easily imagine breaking every last one...that mouth alone begged to be kissed.
Not that he wanted to check the app, that was the problem. He just thought of Cas and checked it. And then he would walk over to his duffle and double-check that everything was packed to leave quickly. Except he wasn’t going anywhere. The most terrifying part? The lube in the side pocket. He hadn’t packed lube in years, swapped that pocket’s content out for antacids a long time ago, yet here he was, double-checking to make sure that lube was still there. Didn’t matter that his mind was horrified at whatever the hell the implications were, his hands were all: unzip the bag, check for spare clothes and toiletries, close the bag, double-check the end pocket for lube, leave the bag on the desk for rapid grab and go. Several times a day, as if he was waiting for something.
“You don’t think you deserve to be told that, but you do.”
“How the fuck…” Almost nobody knew about their proposed title, it was too early.
“Benny?” Benny was head of his security, Dean could see the need for him to keep the media out of the building but he had no clue why they couldn’t talk about damage control without him. “Why do we need Benny for this?”
“Sit down Dean, I’ll get us a drink and you can tell me more.”
Still smug, Cas arched that one eyebrow and kept looking at Dean.
The third thing Dean realized, was that the hitch in Cas’s breathing wasn’t a hitch. It was a restrained sob, and he knew this because Cas just let out another one. He opened his eyes and drew back, hands still threaded in Cas’s hair. It was Dean’s turn to be confused.
Sam opened the door slightly and peeked his head around just in case Dean wasn’t kidding. Nobody needed that kind of trauma. Seeing that it was safe, he opened the door the rest of the way and entered the room.
“I just need some time to think, okay?  It’s been kind of a big day so far.” Dean sighed and ran a hand through his hair, it was his turn to look out the window and avoid eye contact. “It’s not a small decision, this is a pretty damn big bridge to burn.”
He let the words hang in the air, this was his meeting, his business, and his reputation. These men came to him because they were looking for a dom, they expected, and needed him to have command of the situation. Any potential client that tried to assert themselves in this initial meeting sent up a clear red flag that they were going to be more trouble than the money was worth and he’d cut them loose quickly. He had learned that lesson the hard way.
- Resmaa Menakem
“Sam? What’re you doing here?”
“But Dean—”
“Cas, Stop! I know I messed up but you have to at least hear me out. You can’t lea…” A lump formed in Dean’s throat, stopping his words briefly. “You can’t leave without giving me a chance to explain.”
Dean crossed his arms over his chest and waited.
Never turning, not even for a quick side glance, Castiel walked away. Down the hall, up the steps, out the door. Out of Dean’s life.
to hear him, because of their bond. He had to. “Yeah, Sam, I get it. Okay, I’m going to go now. I’ll let you know if it works, but keep looking just in case, alright?”
“48 hours, my ass. How much time do we really have?”
“That’s not how it works, Dean, and we both know that.” He shook his head slightly. It was like he was Dean’s parent sometimes. Dean watched him as he broke the seal and opened the letter.
“Happy anniversary,” Castiel repeats, chipper enough for the both of them. He turns off the water and gives Dean a soft kiss, cupping his cheek. “I love you, baby.”
“How long was I out?  I was out right? I’m not dead here am I Sammy? Where’s Cas?” Please let Cas be here, wherever here was, please let him be here.
“Right back at you Bitch.”
He could hear Sam clicking away on his laptop, so at least he was helping now. It was a small measure of relief, but not much.
So maybe he could go along with the day-to-day stuff, but the rest? Fessing up to a chicken salad over a cheeseburger probably wouldn’t be a big deal in the long run; how was he going to do that with the big things though? The feelings he didn’t even want to admit to himself?
Cas welcomed him into his arms and folded him close, bringing them both down to sit on the floor because this was going to take awhile. “I know. It’s going to be ok; I promise. I love you; I’m not leaving you. It’s going to be ok.” He soothed over and over, just holding Dean while he let the poison inside slowly start to drain out.
It's not that Castiel will be angry, far from it, but somehow his husband doting and being gentle to him after the day he's had seems far worse.
Sam, true to his word, was gone in less than 10 minutes.  As soon as the door closed behind him, Dean went to Cas’s room.  Standing outside of the door with his hand raised, searching for the right words before knocking.
“And every time you left, when I drove you away, I felt like I deserved it.  But the times when you sacrificed yourself for us, for me, I just wanted to crawl into a bottle and wait there unit I died, and so help me, I think I was getting close.”
“Dean, I said yes.”
That brought a smile back to Cas’s face.  “Technically Dean, you never proposed to me, so you can’t propose ‘again.’”
Cas squeezed his hand. “I’m so sorry Dean, you shouldn’t have had to…”
Another stare down. So freaking blue.
“Thought you’d like something a little stronger, now that you’re off duty.”
“You two are going to shut up and listen to me for once, and I don’t want to hear another word from either of you until I’m finished. Got it?”  Neither responded but both eyed him warily. It wasn’t often that Sam lost his temper so easily with Dean, and it rarely happened with Cas.
“Hey man, I had the ring. YOU jumped the gun and ruined my surprise.  Still counts.”   This triggered their never-ending, but always light-hearted debate.  The truth of it was that Sam had played them both, convincing them to propose on the same night over dinner.  Cas had won out by about 15 seconds, so it was basically a tie.  Regardless, the mood was lightened, and they laughed through the rest of their meal.
“I think it’s every time Dean, you have to be truthful every time. And also, I think it’s more than twice a year….” Sam still looked uncomfortable, he moved in his chair and ran his fingers through his hair, leaving it a disheveled mess. “I don’t think Rowena would have gone to all of this trouble to make it easy to beat if you know what I mean.”
“Yes, Castiel, I’m coming.” He twisted the tap off and stepped out on the mat where Castiel was waiting with a thick, fluffy, white towel. Since Dean had left him, he had lost the shoes, socks, and jacket. He was barefoot with his sleeves rolled up to ¾. This looked a lot more like the dom he had first met.
“OK Sam, tell me.”
*C: Michel,I see that you are Ambassador Clairmont now. Good for you, although I’m not surprised.
“Good! I’m just really glad that I proposed first!” He grinned playfully and kissed Cas to silence any argument. Since Cas was sitting closer to the end of the couch Dean twisted around again and put his feet up, leaning heavily into his husband.  Cas put the bowl of popcorn onto his lap so Dean could reach it and they settled in to watch Tombstone.
You didn’t have to tell him twice! He was so enthusiastic that he forgot to address Castiel before hurrying off to obey. The dom let it pass, though. Dean had been perfect otherwise and was still learning.
Castiel wanted to smile but chose to keep his expression flat, clearly, the man was struggling and needed to be put at ease.
Cas sat silently for another long minute, he actually hadn’t had a single bite of his waffle, not that he was hungry anyway, but he looked at the sad way the whipped cream had melted into a puddle on the side of the plate.  The meal was looking like he felt – flat and inadequate.
“What the fuck?”
They followed him in and everyone sat around the dining table to share what Charlie jokingly referred to as their wedding reception. As a concession to Dean, she’d ordered in burgers from his favorite restaurant. The makeshift office of laptops and cellphones that Charlie had been watching was shoved down to the end. They kept the conversation light and easy, Cas mainly asking Sam and Bobby questions about what he should expect living with Dean.
Cas kissed him back briefly but drew back before the kiss became too intense. “I’ll join you in a minute, you get started.”
Dean looked down to where his finger rested. “Sonofabitch.”
His cheeks were both riddled with the same jagged scar that ran across his back. Dean had understated what ‘a few more’ actually meant. There were more scars than there was clear skin on that part of his body. He’d been whipped with the belt and buckle far, far too often. Castiel stayed silent, pensive. He dried him there as well and then ran the towel down each leg collecting all of the water except for his groin. A brush along his inner thigh revealed the last of his hidden scars.
“A few, but nothing that my non-disclosure agreement can’t handle. Except maybe for…”
“By all means, have a seat.” He still didn’t turn his way, and Dean spiraled a little in panic. Surely, they weren’t back to this. Surely?
“I’d just like to say something that I’ve been wanting to say for the last decade or so: Dean, Cas, would you please stop staring at each other and kiss already?”
“What’s it look like? Netflix and chill…without the chill. Sadly.” Dean looked more agitated than sad, he rubbed the back of his neck and pretended to be more interested in what was on the screen instead of looking at his brother.
“Castiel Novak.” Yeah, definitely a Cajun accent, “You sure do know how to make an entrance. The name’s Benny, and this here is Jack.”
True to his word, Cas strolled into the kitchen just as the sandwiches were finished.  Walking to the sink, he used a squeeze of the lemon dish soap to wash the grime off of his hands.  Dean came up behind him and wrapped his arms around his sides, resting his chin on Cas’s shoulder and kissing his cheek.  Inhaling deeply, he kissed the shell of his ear and murmured.
“Two weeks. Give me two weeks to sober him up and see if I can help him move through this.”
“Fine. I’ll go. I’m only here because Sam told me it was important to talk to you. He was obviously mistaken.” He turned to leave, and that was the moment Dean would later tell you that all hell broke loose.
“Dude, my only request was the memory foam…” And then he saw what Cas meant. “…what the?”
The dom in him, however, noticed immediately that something was off. He slowed his pace as he walked toward the table, trying to figure it out. Dean’s shoulders were hunched, his arms were pulled as close to his sides as he could bring them in, and even in the casual light, Castiel could see that his skin was reddened. All telltale signs of embarrassment or shame. When he finally looked at his back, everything fell into place.
And it really did, they had moved the map table to the side to hold food and drinks, and white twinkle lights were hung up from every conceivable place, including running kitty-corner across the high ceiling and along all of the railings.
Sam put up his hand to signal for Sarah, the waitress to come over.
Castiel arrives home a little earlier than usual.
Trauma in a people, decontextualized over time, looks like culture. "
Cas’s blue eyes opened in shock.  “Can you say that again?”
Sam drops some truth bombs.
“I found a spare toothbrush in your bathroom cupboard, hope that’s ok?” He announced his return to the group, all eyes focusing on him.
“Thank you. Now, one more thing before I leave…” Sam took a deep breath and paused.
“I can see that this is difficult for you Sam, you can trust me.”
Sam’s instincts were as good as Dean’s or better, maybe they’d survive after all.
“Does anything hurt?”
On some level Dean knew Sam was right, he tapped his fingers on the tabletop lightly and chewed his bottom lip, considering how to move forward. After a moment he nodded in agreement.  “Yeah, that would probably be the best way Sam.  I’d like to do it alone.  Thanks.”
Oh, how he was going to enjoy this man so very much.
“Yes?”
He checked his phone again and again for messages and missed calls, not that there were any because he was right there beside it. But he had to anyway. Whether from the spell or his own desperation, he had to.
“There’s not. DC doesn’t forget, and fake dating won’t be a strong enough cover. They’ll keep digging until they find something, and when they do, it will be twice as bad.” Charlie was whip-smart and got paid to solve problems before they became situations, but this was next level. “As Sam and I both see it, your only chance hinges on your counter to the press today. Before the story can grow, you literally ‘come out’ first. We tell the media that Castiel is your boyfriend, you were keeping it private because you didn’t want speculation about your personal life to detract from the legislation you’ve been working to introduce, but now that it’s public knowledge you are thrilled to go ahead and get married. We tell the media they’ve stumbled on a love story and nothing more.”
“Sam, just shut up with the questions, I’ll explain it later.  I think I found a way to get Cas back but I need to know about binding sigils first.”
“Dean.”
“Good for you.” Fun times were over, it had to be noon somewhere. Time for a drink.  He got up and walked over to the fridge to grab a beer.
“Is everyone really that friendly?”
“No, Dean. I wasn’t. I was going to leave and had every intention of you never having to see or think of me again.” He looked down at the hands that were still intertwined but resting on his lap now. “The accident really was an accident. An animal jumped out onto the road while I was driving and when I swerved to avoid hitting it, the truck ended up in the ditch. I hit my head, there was blood, but my grace easily healed the injury. Then I heard your prayer and just wanted to get back to you, but the truck was too damaged. I walked until I found the phone booth and called you, but I was in a rural area and it took a very long time. There aren’t as many phone booths as there used to be.”
Three hours and a few hundred dollars later they made their way back into the kitchen, Cas grinning like a kid at Christmas and carrying a tiny little puff of orange and white fur, its green eyes looking up at Cas warily while it mewed. Dean followed carrying a litter box, a bag of litter, cat food, and a giant bag of toys and accessories that he was certain they didn’t need but didn’t have the heart to say no to.
Before he could even utter a word, he moved out of the way of the door and snaked his arm out to grab Cas by the shoulder. Obviously, the angel having just been rejected—for the millionth time—was not braced for or expecting to be unceremoniously yanked inside the motel room and shoved up against the back of the quickly closed door.
“No. No, no, you’re wrong. There’s been a mistake.” He was desperate, this was not how it was going to end. It wasn’t.
“I was planning to get black out drunk, and I didn’t trust myself with it. So I put it out of my sight.”
“Do you live on an island?”
“Yes Dean?”
Finally, he moved his hand to the drawer knob and pulled.  Truly he didn’t expect to find anything other than perhaps some scrap paper and a dried-up pen.  He honestly wasn’t expecting to find anything as exciting as Sam’s lost manuscript.  He definitely wasn’t expecting to find what was actually there.
“Good.”
“Holy shit, Castiel, you scrub up good. Real good.” Cas chuckled and was going to say thanks but she continued with her own train of thought, her eyes wide and glued to him. “I mean, I’m strictly into the ladies but if I weren’t I’d be climbing you like a tree. No wonder Dean was into you, I mean anyone who is even a little bit into dick would tap that.” Her eyes bulged when she realized what she’d said. “Oh my God, I said that out loud didn’t I? I’m so sorry, I’m spiraling and can’t stop, somebody please help me!”
The first and biggest change Cas thought he’d make, to get some traction, was to flip the power dynamic.  They had all forgotten who he was, who he had been and quite honestly Cas had been happy to leave it that way.  Millions of years old, and an accomplished leader and warrior in his own right, Cas had been content in the embarrassment of his fall to put that part of his identity away.  Dean needed to be the leader and was also a brilliant tactician; it was also his earth to protect.  It had been easy and safe to step aside and let someone else make the calls.  But now that that earth was safe and Dean wasn’t, it was time to reassert a little bit of himself.  Just enough for Dean to know that he was safe and didn’t have to fight anymore.
“Oh, right. Obviously. What I meant to say was, did you see Jack?”
“You like the guy?” Sam asked quietly.
They were both wearing charcoal pants and vests with white shirts underneath. Dean had a matching charcoal tie while Cas was wearing a bowtie. The only pop of color came from their boutonnieres that Dean had ordered as a surprise, blue thistle, and eucalyptus to match both of their eyes.
“Dean, what are you doing?” Dean pulled his head back and looked at Cas, whose confusion was obvious.
“OK, let’s go over the house rules. Are you ready?”
“Uh, yeah, sure, Dean.” Sam nodded warily and got out.
The mention of Mary riled John up enough to be defiant – stupidly so.  “Who the fuck do you think you are to talk to me about…”  The air crackled again, this time Cas’s eye lit up around the irises, squeezed John’s throat just enough to stop whatever he thought he was going to say next.
With a quick look to his left and right, he skimmed a copy off of the top and hid it under his stack of paperwork. Being the store manager of a discount store was a pain in the ass, but giving himself the first crack at buying new merchandise was a self-appointed perk he refused to feel guilty about.
Thank you everyone for reading and sharing your kudos and comments.  I hope that you enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it for you.
One more long swipe along Dean’s length, and he pulled off. Standing before Dean, he tenderly caressed the other man’s cheek. His eyes glowing with approval.
Castiel had been following his career closely. From what he could tell, his own career aspirations as a lobbyist overlapped with Dean’s political ambitions. It could potentially be quite uncomfortable if their paths crossed in the future. But for now, Castiel needed the money, and Dean, it seemed, needed an outlet. The man was gorgeous, it was going to be Castiel’s pleasure to assist.
From everything that he’d seen and read, Dean was a decent person. His reputation was that of a firebrand insofar as he bucked tradition and waded into any fight where he could defend the underdog. It’s what got him elected, and probably what drove him to seek out a dom in the first place. With so much pressure and so many people depending on him, he needed a safe outlet and a way to ground himself emotionally. Cas hoped he would have a chance to help with that. He had caught the way Dean had responded to his statement earlier about not sharing, and he remembered the way he had been starving for praise and affection when they did the trial scene.
Neither responded, it was easy to see that Sam will still angry and a little emotional.
Castiel was up and crossed the kitchen before Dean had time to react. He grabbed Dean by the shoulders and looked him square in the face while Dean glowered back.  He spoke to Dean quietly, calmly even, but there was no mistaking the steel behind his words or his expression.
These days, Dean is a little clumsier than he used to be, his coordination leaves a lot to be desired, and he gets tired more easily. But he’s still alive. For the first few days after the accident, the doctors weren’t able to promise them even that.
He wasn’t sure how it was possible to miss someone and also want them to stay away, but here he was, existing in that exact space. Closing the bag up again and placing it on the table, he hunched his shoulders in defeat and left the room. He hoped that Cas didn’t come back, because as mad as he was, he was worried about the part of him that missed him. Would he push Cas away, or grab hold of him and refuse to let go? The way he had wanted to when Jack had brought him back from the empty that time. Truth be told, the way he had wanted to for a very long time now. Since he was now in the business of being honest with himself, he might as well be fully honest.
In Dean's hands rests a glass-encased, 4x5 scanned copy of an original painting he has toiled over for months, in secret. Overcome with deep emotion, Dean covers his eyes with his hand. Cas feels his shoulders shaking beside him on the couch and tucks his arm around to soothe him.
Silence.
“Wait, there’s one more thing.  Look at the bed.”
The phone booth was off to the side, closer to the gas part of Gas ‘N Sip than it was to the store. Dean vaguely remembered another time in another life when he’d been searching for his angel at a Gas ‘N Sip. To bring him home.
“Oh, I think you know.”
Now it must be a game, because Cas approached the next dignitary and kept going.
“They’re not forged.” Cas kept looking ahead, knuckles white on the steering wheel.
He saw relief and maybe a little bit of compassion pass across Sam’s expression, it was confirmation that they were both thinking along the same lines. Dean watched him try to formulate a careful answer like he was picking through a mental minefield.
A full minute passes until Dean hums with satisfaction.
“Vy musíte byť veľvyslankyňa Horváthová, ďakujem za kompliment, hoci som radšej, keď ma označujú za atraktívneho, než za pekného. Nemali by ste veriť všetkému, čo čítate v novinách, napokon, ak by všetko, čo bolo napísané, bola aj pravda, potom sa, keď sa toto skončí, vrátite späť do Ľubľany.”
For this first time in his adult life, Dean listened to Sam. “Don’t fuck it up.” Played on a continual loop in the back of his mind and everything he did and said was filtered through it, causing him no small amount of anxiety in the beginning.
“Oh, Dean. I’m so sorry.”
I was never a fan of John, Sam and Dean had a much less than stellar family of origin.  It was always hard for me to see the boys pine for him.  Episode 300 when Dean's wish was to have his dad with them? Really?
Bobby, for his part, ran the ceremony smoothly. He said all things an officiant was required to say but took liberty with the vows given the unique circumstances.
It was Castiel’s turn to observe Sam.  A sick sense of dread had settled in his gut, everything to this point had been hard enough.  What more could there be?  His heart had already been broken before he had even sat down with Sam to talk, now, he wasn’t sure what to do.  Being so wrapped up in his own feelings, he hadn’t stopped once to consider what Dean had had to go through, nor had he considered Sam on the periphery.  Everyone had been hurt and was carrying baggage, like porcupines they just kept sticking each other.  It was a sobering thought to realize just how un angel like he had become, he’d let himself be blinded by emotion.
Cas had asked Dean for full autonomy over their bedroom. From paint color to curtains to furniture, he wanted to select and do everything himself.  Outside of a request for memory foam, Dean let him do his thing, going so far as to give him money in a separate account so he couldn’t see what or where he was spending it.
He chuckled and grinned, “Thanks Jody, you look pretty good yourself, is Cas ready?”
“Yes.”
Sam turned Dean’s way again and gave him one of his complicated smiles. The one that said that he did indeed have more to say but not at the moment.
*C: Vy musíte byť veľvyslankyňa Horváthová, ďakujem za kompliment, hoci som radšej, keď ma označujú za atraktívneho, než za pekného. Nemali by ste veriť všetkému, čo čítate v novinách, napokon, ak by všetko, čo bolo napísané, bola aj pravda, potom sa, keď sa toto skončí, vrátite späť do Ľubľany. ( You must be Ambassador Horváthová, thank you for the compliment although I prefer to be called handsome over pretty. I would not believe everything I read in the papers, after all, if everything printed were true, then your country really is responsible for > you are going to return back to Ljubljana once this is over.)
"I don't know how you manage to blend impressionism and realism so well, Cas. You work magic with that brush, I swear. That same gradient of blue in the sky, you know it's the same shade of your eyes, right? How do you even do that? And the way it contrasts with all the autumn colors, the leaves have so many browns, oranges, yellows, and the reds from that big tree outside our house...it's beautiful."
“Might as well make the best of it. How long have we been married?”
“I’m sorry, Dean. Do you want the long version or the short version?”
“I have a few boxes in the car, let me go get them.” He slipped the letter into his inside jacket pocket and headed out to the car.
“Dude, don’t look at me like that. I won’t be able to concentrate.”
“Do you have a cell phone?” Shit, his phone! Yeah, that had to go. Not that he had many people to call him. Less now that he knew half of them probably wanted him dead. He powered it down, pulled the sim card, and tossed it out the window for the elements to take care of. He’d flush the sim card when they stopped for gas.
“Let me start, Dean, by saying I’m still very upset with you. What you did was reckless and shows complete disrespect for everything we’ve been working towards. It’s going to take me a while to get over it, and probably some groveling on your part.” Charlie was right and Dean knew it, a lot of people had put in a lot of hard work to get him here and he’d disappointed all of them. Even with groveling, he’d never be able to fully make amends.
Translation
He left quickly and returned with a washcloth as well as a bit of juice for Dean to drink. That quickly taken care of, Castiel folded back the bedding and encouraged Dean to slide under the covers. It had been a long day and Dean was too exhausted to do anything but go along with it.
“I’m listening.”
“That’s it? No argument?”
“By the power vested in me by some creative paperwork and the internet, I now pronounce you…husbands!” Another wave of whoops and cheers filled the room while Dean and Cas just kept gazing at each other and smiling.
Dean’s turn to look down. “Sorry Sam.”
“I’m sure, Cas. Beyond sure.” Dean leaned in and kissed him. It wasn’t forceful. It wasn’t compelled by magic. It was gentle and sweet and full of promise. “I mean it, I love you. I think I always have.”
“Hey, Cas. I’m back at the motel. You told me you’d always come when I called. Well, I’m calling you now. I’ll wait here until morning and then head out to look for you again. But if you can, just get here, okay? Please.”
“Keeping you warm, remember?”
“You all set?” Sam looked at Charlie who nodded and sat up straighter. Apparently, the business portion of this meeting was going to get underway.
“Dean, stop! I’m not doing anything until you tell me what the note says…
(See the end of the chapter for
In this chapter, we meet a friend of Castiel's from the farmers' market.  Ryan is non-verbal, and it was important to me to a) include him and b) do it as well as I could.  Special thanks to phoenix_ascending, fromthebeginningthen, and otherstuff for reviewing the drafts for this chapter repeatedly, you were all excellent resources and I thank you again.
“Dude, what took you so long, I’m starving.” Dean met him at the bottom of the steps, grabbed the box, and gave Cas a quick kiss before heading to the kitchen. “M..smells awesome. But that’s not the usual box, where’d you get it?”
“You feel that Cas?”
Dean was tempted to head back into familiar territory, play it cool and play it straight, move on, and pretend they hadn’t just been spooning like lovers in a bed that way too small for two men their size.  But he also remembered how it felt the last time he watched Cas walk out the door, the way Cas had sat with him on the kitchen floor, the way Cas had claimed him as his partner in front of Sam and then at the hospital.  The memories were fuzzy but they were there, and damn it if he didn’t want that life more than he wanted the familiar.  Terrified or not, he wasn’t stupid enough to lose his angel again.  He leaned over Cas and kissed his cheek lightly, with more promise than passion.  “I need a shower, I feel gross.  Can you meet me in the kitchen in half an hour with coffee?  We should probably talk about some things.”
Dean stood under the hot water for a luxuriously long time, scrubbing every inch of skin at least twice as if trying to wash away a lifetime of regret and bad choices. The heat and shower pulse relaxed the tension in his neck and shoulders that had been sitting there for as long as he could reasonably remember.  He could have stayed all day, but Cas was waiting for him and that was more than enough enticement to get out, get dressed, and make his way towards the kitchen. Fresh start he told himself under his breath as he followed the smell of brewing coffee, feeling more than a little nervous about how things were going to unfold. Even a sure thing can be a scary thing.
“The dungeon.  Do you remember going to the dungeon?”
“Mmmmm….is there coffee yet?”
Russian:
“Yes! Can’t wait for the next movie night. Do you LARP? If you don’t, you do now. I’m…”
They both sat quietly again, watching the sun rise higher in the sky, sipping their now cold coffee pensively.  Dean wanted more than anything to bridge the gap between them but didn’t know where to start.
“God damned son of a bitch! I hate you.” Dean walked across the room and grabbed his duffle.
“Fine, I’m not a high-priced hooker. But that’s not why I called red, Dean. Did you hear what else I said?”
His breath caught, perhaps it even hitched.  The drawer was empty save for a single manilla envelope.  Across the envelope, boldly written in Cas’s angelic script was one word.  Dean.
“Dean, it took me a little while, the writing is older than I’m used to reading. I have to say, I think Cas was right to be cautious.”
Cas grazed his thumb across Dean’s cheek in a gentle swipe. Dean didn’t waver or move away.
So, Dean was going to sit in his room and drink as much whiskey as he damn well pleased.
“Thanks, let’s discuss some of the logistics we’ll need to cover during our ‘honeymoon’ between now and Friday. Right now the press is covering our secret romance and surprise wedding. We need a backstory. We also need to spend some time actually getting to know each other, people are going to ask questions. You’ll need to figure out what’s happening with school, maybe you can attend remotely until the security threat has passed? I didn’t see too many boxes come in, so unless you have another stash I’m thinking you’re going to need some new clothes to go with all of the social functions I’ll be dragging you to.”
“Dean, it will be seven hours before we get to the border crossing and then another two to get home. We have to pull over at some point for gas and a meal, but I only wish to do so once. If you change your mind I will let you out anywhere, but please understand that you will be on your own. I cannot come back for you again. Not ever.”
Everything about Cas softened and his eyes shimmered. Maybe Dean didn’t screw it up after all.
“ID like this must have cost a fortune, they’re so good that they look authentic. Why go to the trouble?”
Quickly Dean flipped the pages to the start of the requested section and sent a photo of it to Sam.  As soon as he got it, the younger brother confirmed his own suspicions. “Dean this came from a section of the book for sigils and wardings that were considered too dangerous to use. We really need to be careful here,”
“Yes.”
“There’s one book I need, an original manuscript on Enochian sigils. I know we have it, I’ve looked everywhere for weeks.  There’s only one place left where it could be Dean.”
“No. Anything else. Not that.” Ah, daddy issues. With the intensity of his reaction, Castiel figured there was a story in there somewhere.
“Then what did you mean?”
“You think you can hide from me, you ungrateful little embarrassment? Fix it.” She was as cold as ice, just like always.
Sam paused for another moment and Cas could see that he was struggling to compose himself. He brushed some wetness out of the corner of each eye and continued.
Cas joined him and worked away at his own meal. Dean needed to process this new information. Could he actually live for an extended period of time as Cas’ spouse? Did he want to?
“I’m saying that I love you, and I’m never going to let you go again…if you’ll have me?”
*A: Zu Ihrem und dem Vorteil Ihres Mannes, dessen bin ich mir sicher. Ich werde ein Auge auf Sie beide gerichtet haben, dessen können Sie gewiss sein. Ich schätze, Sie werden Washington im Sturm einnehmen. (For your benefit and that of your husband, I'm sure of it. I'll keep an eye on you both, you can be sure of that. I guess you'll take Washington by storm.)
It was damn good pie, but that evasive answer told Dean everything.
“I told him to get lost, then the spell made me kiss him, and then he…well, and then I realized he was crying, and he said some stuff and left.” And that was as quick and clinical as he could make it.
“We both know that life on the run for marked men is short and brutal. I’m offering you safety, I have a home and…” he cut himself off, paused only briefly while checking the road ahead, and continued. “...I have a home that I would like to share. I consider you to be my friend in a world that never let us have any, let me do this for you. Пожалуйста, друг.”
Dean leaned over and silenced Cas mid-rant with a kiss.  ”Eat your lunch, then we’ll go.”
Time to flip that dynamic, he lowered his voice and tried again, tapping into his grace ever so slightly so his voice would project.
Late afternoon flowed into dusk, which in turn became evening. The route went through mostly rural terrain and Dean kept an eye out for deer. The last thing they needed was a run-in with wildlife that would damage their vehicle and get the attention of the police. They made good time and crossed the border with minimal fuss. Dean averted his features on the way through the American checkpoint, which was easy enough since they didn’t need to stop. The Canadian border wasn’t much more complicated. They handed their passports to the border guard who looked them over, asked a few basic questions, and sent them on their way. Dean was caught off guard when the passports were handed back with a friendly ‘Welcome home.’.
“Merci. J’étais très surpris de vous voir dans les journaux cette semaine. Ce n’est pas dans votre genre d’être si public avec vos affaires. Je ne crois pas un mot de ce qu’ils disent sur le fait que vous êtes un gigolo mais je dirai que vous faites un couple formidable avec votre époux. Vous devriez étouffer les rumeurs et renverser DC. Bien vous fasse.”
Thirteen years. Their lace anniversary, or so the internet tells him. To celebrate, Dean lays out a new lace tablecloth. It's duck egg blue and Dean had fallen in love with the color the moment he saw it. It had been the last one on the shelf and had been the moment that he seemingly ran out of luck.
“Does that mean you are going back to the bunker?”
Surprisingly they all laughed and joked; Cas felt more welcome into the group than he ever would have expected. Not for the first time today a seed of hope took root until Charlie burst his bubble.
“I….I take care of the boys…so you don’t come back.”
“You’re going to find out.”
“To a job well done.” He smiled and watched Dean over the lip while he sipped. Dean did the same.
“Do you even have to ask?”
“Very good, do you have a safeword? What does using it mean?”
The restaurant smelled like old fryer oil, stale coffee, and sour beer.  It was mostly empty, which made sense for the time of night.  There were a few tables in the small wood-paneled dining area, and a long dark wood bar that extended almost the entire length of the room, wrapping into an L shape at the far end.  It was there, at the far back, that Cas saw an obviously drunk and pissed looking John nursing a beer at the bottom of the L.  His view of the parking lot and alley entry was unobstructed from his vantage point.  Not too far away from him was the only other occupied table, one lone trucker sitting there with a beer in hand and an empty plate in front of him.  Across the table from him was an empty seat with an equally empty plate and its own beer.  Cas surmised that the man currently in the alley with Dean had come from the same table.
“We can’t move in right away, there are repairs we’d need to do first, and it’ll take me a while to get the money together. But I figure we could work on it and make it livable by March. There’s one more thing though. I just want to make sure you understand first.”
“Is that all you remember?”
Before it could escalate further, the trucker from the alley made his way back into the restaurant and sat back down with his friend.  Maybe a little bit drunk, or maybe just in a real good mood after his back alley encounter, he wasn’t the least bit discreet.
It was a clear image, and there was no denying who it was and what they were doing. ‘James’ was sitting on a chair with Dean kneeling at his feet, being hand-fed. The angle clearly showed his back, with all of the scars. Sam would have known instantly it was really Dean.
“Hey Cas?”
“Come and sit down with me Dean ok? Just talk to me. I want to help”
“Neither do I.” Sam cut in. “Sam Winchester, Dean’s brother, and Cas’ new brother. Oh, and their lawyer. Magna Cum Laude, Stanford. Just saving you the time to look that up.”
“Garth sent it to me, he took it while we were dancing. I kept it back from you as a surprise.”
He breathes.
Dean bit his lip, trying to figure out what he could say next to get through this with minimal damage to his psyche.
Which worked out great, because Dean was done with Cas’s too. Don’t let the door hit you in the ass on your way out.
“Yeah.”
Something was wrong.
“My color is green. My safeword is impala. I’m not using it now. There are four rules: address you as Castiel, keep your glass filled with club soda and lime, stay on your right, and let you tap in.” Dean was so in, he was going to do his best to be good tonight. “Can we start now, Castiel?”
“Is this about your scars, Dean? Haven’t I already told you that you are beautiful?”
“Well, two reasons. First my grace isn’t what it was since being in the Empty and I find that I am enjoying food again, but mainly, I thought you would be more comfortable if we shared meals together, like other couples do.”
“I hear you.”
“All right everybody, listen up. I’m going to take that as an enthusiastic yes. Now, before we get started, Dean has something to say. Dean?”
And that’s what they did.
Sam paused for a moment and refilled his coffee again, he was going to have the jitters from all the caffeine, but he needed something to occupy his hands while he got through the next parts.
“Fuck.”
“And what is your safeword?”
Moving over to Dean, he leaned in for a hug but spoke quietly in the ear farthest away from Castiel. “Don’t fuck it up.” He whispered and drew back to look his brother in the eye and waited until Dean nodded. He leaned over again. ” Good, when I went into town for groceries, I picked you up a bottle of Astroglide, it’s in the side pocket of your duffle. Make me proud.”
“I’m not going anywhere, but you know that you’re the only one who can make those choices about whether or not you drink, or how you are going to react when bad things happen.”
He ground his hips against Cas again, and impossibly tried to pull Cas closer by tugging the hair that his fingers had somehow wound themselves through without Dean realizing. He wanted more, so much more. Swiping his tongue into Cas’s mouth, he tasted deeply one more time before drawing back just enough to catch his breath. He leaned his forehead against Cas’s because he needed the contact to replace what he’d just lost.
“I’m just so tired Cas.” Bitter sobs escaped Dean’s throat and for the second time in a day he threw himself towards Cas looking for comfort. “So tired.”
He walked further into the room and circled so he could take it all in.  The trim and closet doors had been repainted clean white, the bed, dresser, and side tables were made of reclaimed wood giving them a weathered look that coordinated with the grey walls.
“Don’t give me all the credit, I had nothing to do with those men in the panel van. I’m still working on figuring out who’s responsible for that.”
“That and preventing it from happening again.”
“Excellent. I feel like we will be a good match from everything I can tell so far.” Castiel pushed himself back from the table and stood up. He started rolling up the cuffs of his black dress shirt, his subliminal signal that he was prepping for a scene. “The last thing is what I like to call my compatibility test. We are going to run a small scene and see how it goes. Please stand up.”
“Shoulda told Charlie we weren’t going. I’m going to embarrass us both.”
“Cas?”
“I’m cold, warm me up.” Pulling the hand that he was already holding against his chest, Dean rolled onto his side leaving Cas no option but to move with him down the bed and onto his side as well, essentially becoming big spoon to Dean’s little spoon. “That’s better thanks.”
“I am so sorry that happened Sam, to both of you.”
“Sorry! I got carried away with the hugs.” She grabbed Castiel by the arm and dragged him back over to the group. Pulling two simple gold bands out of her pocket she held them out before the group. “I’ve got the rings. Did you bring the paperwork, Bobby?”
And he did, oh how he did. Dean took the softening cock in his mouth and sucked and swallowed around it, greedier to get every last drop than he’d ever been for anything in his life. Needy as he was, he could only groan around it and then whimper when Castiel pulled it away from oversensitivity.
“Hello Dean.”
Castiel took the towel and dried Dean off. He started with his hair and worked his way down, letting the thirsty towel drink up every droplet from his face, neck, and arms. Castiel took extra care to dry off Dean’s chest, and then gently turned Dean away from him, so he could dry his scarred back.
“Okay, okay. One more thing,” Dean says.
Castiel unravels and shows Dean the original. "I've studied that photo more times than I can count because you treasure it so much. Since love is such a gift, I wanted you to keep those whom you hold so dear close by."
More silence, Sam’s anger was palpable. Cas nodded once.
Why was everything so hard? None of this was going the way he wanted. Frustrated and afraid he was running out of time, he tried to make it clearer.
“Well, it is our wedding day.”
Less than ten minutes later, he pulled out of the garage and headed for the open road towards Pine Bluffs. He’d stopped by the kitchen on the way out to put some of that smoothie in a travel mug; the radio was off for a change. He wanted to be alone with his thoughts, to figure out how he was going to get out of this mess if Cas didn’t follow his request to leave town.
“How long would this marriage have to last, Charlie?”
The first time they made love because that’s what it surely was, was as soon as they returned to the cabin, ignoring the food Sam had left. If you were to ask Dean about it, he would have winked and given you a half-smile and then told you that it was a little awkward and embarrassingly quick for the famous Dean Winchester but bound to get better with practice – and he intended to practice.  Had you asked Cas though, he would have blushed to the tips of his ears and grinned his widest, most gummy smile while shooting heart eyes towards Dean. Then he would have told you that it was everything, that Dean was everything, and that he didn’t know that it would feel that way.
“Well, Sir, I know that you were a proponent of having discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity be applied under the Civil Rights Act well before it was brought before the Supreme Court. I read your series of articles on the overrepresentation of certain groups within the justice system, and I know that you are using your position as State Attorney General for Kansas to overhaul the foster care system after a legal career watching young offenders in foster care be disproportionately more likely to become chronic offenders.”
“It was a nightmare, Bobby, what’d you expect?”
“So at the end of the night, the place is closing, everyone was gone.  I’d made good coin and had started walking towards the motel when he jumped me from behind.” A few of those tears fell, but Dean wasn’t aware or chose to ignore them. “Honestly most of it’s a blur because I hit my head on the pavement early on when I went down from a punch, but I remember he dragged me back to the alley.  He uh, he shoved me into the wall.  Even drunk he was a strong bastard.  He came right up behind me against the brick, breath smelling like sour whiskey and an ashtray, and I can remember him saying ‘I just found out that my faggot of a son likes sucking cock for money, useless piece of shit that you are, I want to see for myself.’, and god Cas, I begged him to let me go, begged him to just send me home, back to Sam, but he just punched me again and shoved me on my knees.”
The list went on and they covered a lot of ground. Some things, like online shopping for a few more suits and finessing school arrangements could get delegated to Charlie. Other things were going to require them to take the time to sit down and hash things out, like creating the details of their fictional romance. The conversation flowed easy and Dean was happy to learn that he and Cas seemed to approach things similarly; they meshed easily and it bode well for what they needed to do. Dean found that he genuinely liked Cas, and wondered how they might have hit it off under different circumstances, without the professional exchange of services or the fake marriage. No point putting too much thought into it though, that ship had set sail.
That first day, they unhurriedly kissed and held each other by the lake to the exclusion of everything else.  For the first time that Dean could remember in his adult life, kisses were not a sexual means to get him from point A to point B.  They were instead an acknowledgment of deep feelings and an affirmation of belonging, two things he could honestly say that he had never allowed himself to fully experience up to now.
He tossed the Motrin and water back; it would do until he could get another drink.  Might as well go face the music with Sam first. Sam was probably also tired of his shit.  He wondered if there was a record for the number of people a person could drive away in a week. He’s got Eileen now, so he knows it’s only a matter of time before he walks too, Dean could almost smell Sam’s desperation to get out whenever he was around him lately.
“You broke out the good stuff.”
It went back and forth, and they paused only briefly to pass their order to the waitress when she returned.
“No, because someone with your skill set is already a welcome addition to my life. I don’t know exactly how it happened so fast, or why it feels so right, but it does.” Dean swallowed nervously, he wasn’t prone to broad romantic gestures or chick-flick moments, but sometimes you had to take one for the team. He looked at Cas, hoping that he could see what Dean was probably going to screw up trying to say. “You fit. You fit with my family, you fit with my lifestyle, you fit with me. I wanna try, I wanna really try to make this thing work.”
“Honest to God Cas, I don’t even know exactly what happened between you walking out the door and you standing here right now, but I want it, I want all of it.” Dean’s green eye’s captured Cas’s blue ones and held them with clear intent. “I’m an over the hill, out of work hunter with a mountain of baggage and a drinking problem, but, I love you so much that sometimes I can’t even breathe. Would you please wait here with me until I can get my shit together, so I can love you the way you deserve after putting up with me for so long?”
Dean paused, the pieces falling into place. “So, what happened if the injuries were too much to heal, or if the angel was outright killed?”
“Um, can I…can I ask you about your father? About what you told me? I mean I’d understand if you don’t want to talk about it.”  Cas didn’t want to bring it up, but he wanted to make sure he hadn’t made Dean’s timeline worse.
“We did it Cas.”
“Yeah, I’m still new to town, but I figured that out already. Problem is, the dude is connected as fuck and seems to be everywhere.” His hand was still rubbing the back of his neck and the nervous leg twitch continued.
And at the worst possible moment Sam walked in the door. “Food’s here!”
Cas had two wooden Adirondack chairs set up off to the side of the small beach, the kind with deep seats and arms wide enough to rest your drink without fear of spilling.  Weather permitting, he’d bring his morning coffee down tomorrow and watch the mist dissipate with the sunrise.  Maybe bring one of those books and that bee quilt.  That’s why Cas left them there, right?
“Fuck.”
This chapter is based on the line "Lift me like an olive branch and be my homeward dove", Dean is getting to a place where he is making peace with himself and his feelings.
“Yeah, I did. It’s just easier to deflect. I heard you though, I promise -  if I need to talk, I’ll come to you.”
“Yeah, me too.”
Sam hesitated because he absolutely knew Dean wasn’t going to listen to reason or address any kind of caution. “I could meet you at the bunker and we could go over it together…”
“Both? Wanna start all my mornings like this.” Dean transferred the mug to the hand farthest from Cas, and reached over with his free hand, lacing their fingers together. Drawing their hands up, he brushed a kiss on the back of Cas’ knuckles. “Wanna start the rest of my days with you.”
It was John who broke the silence.  His words might have been slightly slurred from alcohol but they were still cold and threatening. “Looks to me like your beer is done, now why don’t you get the fuck outta here and go back to your…family. Or are you here waitin’ your turn on that tail out there too? Maybe I should be kickin’ the shit outta you.“  Castiel straightened up just enough to meet John’s brown eyes but not so much that he could be perceived as a threat.  It was too soon.
“You may come when you are ready.” He removed his hand and replaced it with his mouth, leaning down and taking him all in again. Liquid fire ran through Dean’s veins and he felt familiar tendrils of tension start to curl in his lower body.
He’d been patient, he hadn’t had any choice. Being collected at gunpoint really didn’t leave him any options other than that, he wasn’t stupid. While clearly, whatever was going on had to do with his professional dealings, he still didn’t have a clue about exactly what, or why he was here. He drew his hand back and made ready to push for more information instead when the red-head cut him off before he could utter a word.
Dean licked his lips and scanned the space nervously.
“I’ve existed for a long time Dean, and despite the costs, the time I’ve spent with you was the best. I don’t regret any of it. My powers are almost gone, we’ve established that I’ve outlived my usefulness, and Jack is dead. There’s nothing for me here.” Sad blue eyes looked into his, and Dean swore that the pain in them broke something in his soul. Like the profound bond Cas had talked about just shattered into a million pieces. Tears pricked in the back of his eyes from the pain of it. “Message received, Dean. Goodbye.”
“Do you remember where you left your gun?”
They each took another sip and sat in awkward silence. What do you say to your brand new spouse after a forced wedding? Especially when you aren’t a hundred percent certain that you don’t want to be married? Cas broke the ice for him.
“There’s a town just a little further down the road, let’s see if we can get a bite and maybe a motel room. You can rest while we wait to hear anything.”
“Ok, guys follow me.  I’ve set you up at a quiet booth at the back.  Lunch rush is over, and we probably won’t be using this section again for a few hours. I’ve put a fresh pot of coffee into a carafe and left it on the table with cream and sugar.  I moved your salad already Sam, and the waffles just came off the iron, so they are still steaming hot.  I will not be back to bother you, but if you need me just holler ok?”
Cas’ eyebrows furrowed in concern, looking closely at Dean he tried to understand what Dean was saying. “Dean, what’s wrong?”
“So...I guess we are done?” Dean was rubbing the back of his neck again.
“Does it matter whether or not I’m decent?”
“Does it matter, Sam? Just help me find him. Where does this road go?” They could talk later, as much as Sam wanted, he’d tell him everything, he just needed the info now.
By now Dean had crossed his arms across his chest, subconsciously trying to protect himself from his own words.  He’d stopped looking at Cas while he spoke, staring at the floor instead.  Thinking something about yourself was one thing, but speaking the words out loud left him feeling incredibly vulnerable.  He continued.
“Oh.” Dean writhed in place, it felt so good, so incredibly good. In response, Castiel started to bob his head, drawing the heat up and down his shaft. His tongue working everything in its path.
“Read it.” She pointed to the paper that he was still clutching to his chest. “Read the fucking front page headline, please.” She crossed her arms across her chest and waited. If looks could kill…Dean turned the paper over and unfolded it so he could see the front page.
