Anna snorts. “No. Dad is here with me. Cas is visiting somebody else. I’m not gonna tell you who, or why.”
Dean has to think about it, which is honestly a little worrisome until he finally sighs and admits, “Just the one.”
Balthazar pulls up to the curb and sighs, turning to watch as Castiel gathers his carry-on and double-checks his wallet and phone.
Instead, he runs a hand through his hair and reaches for the landline, typing in a number he’d memorized without even trying. He needs someone to talk him down without talking down to him, and there’s only one person he trusts to do that.
“Dean, don’t think I haven’t noticed that you’re a damn good pencil artist. You have a lot of potential there too, and when you’re old enough, I’m gonna bully you into taking some Life Drawing classes. So for today, don’t worry about the finish line. Just draw.”
Castiel shakes his head. “Dean’s birthday is on Sunday, so I thought I’d stay at least through then.”
It’s Gabriel who’s the troublemaker, as currently evidenced when Lucifer appears at the top of the staircase with bright pink hair and hands. Anna covers her mouth with her hand, but not before Castiel catches her smile. He doesn’t bother to hide his amusement, and leans over the back of the couch with a grin.
Cas laughs at the look on Dean’s face, then reaches out across the bed to take Lisa’s hand. “You can have a seat right here, m’lady,” Cas says, pointing at his face, and yes, god, fuck, that’s even better, God, Dean’s in love with such smart, beautiful people, because now he gets to fuck Cas, sink his cock deep inside, maybe make Cas come again, and at the same time, he gets to watch Cas make Lisa come, and everyone gets to have a good time, and Dean loves them both
Castiel isn’t quite sure he understands the warning, but he appreciates the sentiment nonetheless. “Okay,” he says, leaning over for an awkward hug before he gets out of the car. He pulls his suitcase from the trunk, and taps on the driver’s side window on his way back around the car, smiling as Balthazar only cracks it open. Cold is already biting into Castiel’s ears, so he doesn’t blame Balthazar for trying to keep the heat inside his car. “I’ll call you when I get back in town.”
There’s a myriad of emotions in Dean’s eyes, adoration and awe among them, and Castiel feels a little smug that he managed to leave his boyfriend speechless, if only for a moment. It is a little surprising that Dean hadn’t figured this out already-- if Castiel knew it was love by the concert, then of course he was already falling during that first summer. It had been obvious to him once he thought about it, and he can’t help wondering if Dean is going through the same thought process now, and if he is, what are the moments that solidify it for him? That innocent, not-so-accidental first kiss? Lucifer’s disappearance? Castiel standing up to his mother for the first time?
“There’s a reason I’m not a goalie,” Sam shoots back, ducking away from her touch. “Jo, this is Castiel.” He slows the pronunciation, watching Cas’s reaction to ensure he says it right. “Cas, Jo.”
“Right,” Dean says quickly, unable to suppress his smile. Benny looks less than impressed when Castiel focuses on him again.
They discuss whether or not Cas should tell his family about Lucifer, ultimately deciding that Cas can talk to Lucifer a little more, trying to convince him to at least contact their parents and let them know he’s okay.
Castiel smiles despite himself; it's so easy to forget how disarming and earnest Dean can be in person. That his intentions are usually simple and pure, and maybe that's what Castiel adores most. He runs his thumb against the side of Dean's hand and wonders what he's been so afraid of. Dean has proven that he deserves a second chance, hasn’t he? And it's not like Castiel doesn't want to have as much of this as possible, before his chance disappears.
Dean reaches over and takes Cas's hand once again, sweeping his thumb over the knuckles, and enjoying the way Cas shivers against his shoulder. "Cas, do you like me?" He asks softly.
Oh. That’s right. Cas is going back to LA. He broke up with his girlfriend and was so upset about it that he wanted to leave town early. Dean sighs and moves out of Cas’s embrace, sitting next to him instead. Come is starting to cool on his hand, and while the brief, frantic idea of licking it off enters his head, Dean wipes it off on Cas’s shirt instead, ignoring the annoyed frown that gets him.
After a moment, Castiel rolls off of Dean, almost subconsciously rubbing at his knot to try and and milk the rest of his orgasms out. Dean dozes, a little smile on his face, and when Castiel touches his shoulder, his skin is soft and cool.
Benny stares out at the village, then reaches into his pack next to his saddle, pulling out a large, dark piece of fabric. “If
“That’s why I didn’t tell him,” Charlie says smartly.  “And you better not either. Both of you.” She turns an accusatory glare to Castiel, who quickly shakes his head.
It’s like opening the floodgates. Dean has feared this moment, never quite sure of what he was going to say when he finally had the opportunity, but now that it’s here, now that Cas is standing still and silent and letting Dean speak, the words just flow out like water.
“Don’t play that game,” Jo snaps, perhaps a little harsher than necessary. “You guys are worse than Ross and Rachel.”
“She wants you to go back to LA with me tomorrow. We’ll stay in my condo there until school starts,” Chuck continues. Castiel frowns again, but this time it’s disappointment.
“Almost thirty-three, I believe.” Castiel glances around, as if looking for something. “It is late summer, correct?”
Castiel dives in like he’s been waiting his entire life for something that tastes as good as Dean’s slick. His hands grip at Dean’s thighs tight enough to leave bruises as he moans, and the vibration travels up Dean’s spine. Dean whimpers, dragging his hands over his face, and Castiel’s scent spikes again. A fresh wave of slick leaks out, only to be caught by Castiel’s eager tongue.
“Hello,” Castiel says softly. The horse twists her head to blink at him, then nudges his shoulder. “Will you follow me?”
“I look forward to it,” Cas says, and is a little surprised by how much he means it. He genuinely likes these people, and hopes he might be able to sneak out and see them again.
Everything stays silent and still for a long, long moment. Dean thinks he’s going to have to scrub the whole Roadhouse after this, just to clear his head.
Dean rolls his eyes at himself, and hums Pink Floyd as he lowers the car back to the ground and heads back into the office to let Bobby know he’s done. It’s just after three, so Dean grabs a rag and starts wiping grease from his arms and face as he steps outside, peering around to see if Cas and Meg have arrived yet.
. Lisa had forgiven Dean instantly, and had even taken him out to their spot at the top of the hill and let Dean put his head between her thighs and get her off for the first time. Dean would never admit this to anyone, but hearing the soft, delighted noises Lisa made and seeing the way she smiled sleepily at him afterwards, was far better than her attempting to return the favor. And not because she was bad at it, either.
“I can’t believe we’re still having this argument,” Bela says, throwing her arms in the air. Charlie, situated next to her, claps her hands and laughs.
“I told you it’s public indecency and I’d have to ticket you next time.” She pauses, raising both eyebrows. “It’s next time, Dean.”
It sounds like an accusation, and Dean briefly tightens his jaw. He turns off the sink and leans back against the counter, staring at the floor.
?” she demands, voice low and dangerous. Dean blinks, and his brain shuts down. He knows he had a good reason to suggest Cas, but he can’t think of what it is when Lisa is staring him down like this. And it doesn’t help to remember that
Silence. But it’s not the still silence of a lost call, it’s deeper, somehow, and Castiel sits upright in bed.
Castiel doesn’t even have to think about it. He can feel the honesty in his own voice and the affection in his smile as he answers, “Yes,” and all their baggage and their fights don’t matter. Because Dean understands Castiel in a way no one else does, and what he doesn’t understand, he works at until he does. No one else has ever put that much effort in for Castiel, and while there may have been missteps on the journey, big and small, Castiel still feels lighter around Dean than he does when they’re apart. That’s happiness, and Mildred seems to recognize it too.
Castiel hesitates, confused, and turns to Dean. Because even after what he’s witnessed, Dean is still a source of light in his life. And those green eyes are full of remorse and resignation, as if Dean fully expects Castiel to walk away and never look back now that he’s seen this. As if Dean still has no idea what he’s given Castiel, and how grateful Castiel has been to know him.
Castiel rolls his eyes. They’ve been arguing about this since they saw the first signs of civilized life outside Portland, though there’s been no heat or bitterness around it. Castiel is flying to Boston today, to spend the rest of his break with his parents and sister, and while things between him and Dean are probably the best they’ve been since the first time they kissed, it’s easier to carry on a pointless, petty argument than to acknowledge the fact that Castiel is leaving again, and the earliest they might see each other is a good six months away.
Something about this makes Dean feel like a blushing virgin again, and that realization makes him actually blush. The flowers, the sunlight, the perfectly gorgeous alpha, built like a prince and hung like a centaur… those torrid books Dean had read always featured virgin omegas in white, crossing their legs even as they begged for it, so maybe that’s what Dean is thinking of. Or maybe it’s just that, for all the times Dean has had sex, he’s never felt the rush that comes with just kissing Castiel. He hadn’t even thought to ask for it over the days he was here, but now that he’s gotten one, he finds himself reaching up for Castiel, guiding him in for more kissing.
“Fine!” he snaps, pushing both of them out of his space. “Fine, fucking fine, I’ll fucking talk to Cas and if he says yes, then I’ll take you guys to the concert, all right? But only if he says yes!” This piece of fine print doesn’t seem to matter, however, since Sam and Jo have already exchanged high fives and started cheerfully singing that stupid song about shutting the goddamn door.
Bela clears her throat. “Cas is very attached to Meg,” she says. It comes out stilted and awkward, and Dean scoffs.
They’re sitting on the patio outside Fulio’s, waiting for Mary to get off work. The wind is up, which isn’t unusual, and Lisa’s putting her hair up in a ponytail, fidgeting with the elastic. Dean smiles slightly.
Cas stops rocking. His jaw tightens and his shoulders go stiff, just before he says, “I don’t like confrontation.” And before Dean can say anything, before he can even grasp what’s happening, how quickly the scene changed, Cas is up the stairs and out the door, and Dean is left alone, hurt, and confused.
, which Castiel had finished earlier that day, which fades into yet another argument about houses and sorting. Eventually, they fall asleep curled towards each other on the bed, with Dean’s sketch of a Ravenclaw Keeper on the bed between them.
Mary is sitting in the lobby, and she smiles as they approach. "Did you bring it?" Dean asks, bounding forward. Behind him, Missouri tsks.
“So you like it?” Dean asks when he pulls away. His hands go back into his pockets, where they can fidget out of sight.
Dean’s missed Cas more than he wants to admit to, even to Jo or Charlie, and especially to Lisa. Something about that wiry kid and his ridiculous blue eyes wormed its way into Dean’s heart and made itself at home. They had exchanged MySpace messages and texts and occasional e-mails all during the school year, but a lot of the time, Dean would catch himself drifting off in class, thinking about wrestling with Cas on the beach, pinning him down as the waves crash over their legs...
He’s sitting on the porch, watching storm clouds roll in and letting the wind ruin his hair. His parents went to some sort of special, romantic dinner at the resort’s restaurant, leaving Castiel alone with Gabriel and Anna. It’s kind of strange, Castiel thinks, that his family got back to their routines so quickly. Yes, he knows, there’s not much else they can do to find Lucifer, especially since he’s no longer a minor, but to think that Anna still absorbs MTV like it holds the secrets to life, or that Gabriel is still going around trying to make everyone laugh, or that Michael and their mother still go to work every day… It’s like nothing’s changed. There’s just less yelling.
“And we need to leave soon, if we want to be on time,” Benny calls out, still astride his horse and clearly amused by the scene playing out in front of him. Castiel doesn’t take his eyes off of Dean.
It’s one thing to have a dream. No one can control what they dream about, after all. The mind just unloads, spinning out pictures and stories that don’t have to make sense.
“You didn’t do anything wrong this time,” Castiel interrupts, but he quiets when Dean holds up a hand.
Cas slows to a stop, then turns to look at Dean. There’s surprise on his face, and his fingers dig into Dean’s bicep. “You don’t have to,” he says, refusing to meet Dean’s gaze. Dean shakes his head, lifting his hand to Cas’s shoulder.
Damned if Castiel doesn’t want it too. Dean is clear-headed now, but his skin is still so warm, and Castiel knows that by morning, they both might be answering to little more than their instincts.
Castiel presses his hand between Dean’s shoulderblades, pinning the omega again. Dean stops talking, immediately submissive, and a hesitant purr starts back up again. “You don’t mean that,” Castiel says softly. “You don’t know what you’re saying.”
Charlie places a hand over Castiel’s, where it’s tightly gripping the chain. She rests it there, warm and gentle, until eventually he relaxes, takes a deep breath, and turns to look her in the eye.
Well, Dean’s scent helps too. The little smiles that keep getting sent his way. How Dean had joked with his mother and brother and broke the tension, so Castiel wouldn’t feel so out of place. More and more, Castiel is discovering that Dean is a good man, and it makes him happy that such a good man is carrying his pup.
Castiel sighs. “I don’t think Charlie, Jo, or Pam would take much persuading. Especially Pam.” He means to elaborate, to point out that girls usually aren’t so close with boys, to reassure Dean that he has no interest in any of them, but Dean puts a hand over his mouth before he can. The smell of saltwater invades Castiel’s nose, and specks of sand transfer from Dean’s fingers to Castiel’s lips. Something about that thought triggers a bullet of heat from Castiel’s chest to his groin, where it sits and simmers, waiting.
“Where the hell else would I be? You’re the only one with a private bed.” She shuffles up anyway, twisting around until she can lean in close to her brother, smiling brightly. “I
He reaches for the doorknob, but Castiel stops him. Just for a second. Dean gives him a curious look, but something sparks in Castiel’s chest, and he pushes Dean up against the wall, kissing his mouth. Dean opens immediately, with a pleased hum, dropping his hands to the small of Castiel’s back to pull him even closer.
Around mid-afternoon, Bobby appears at the door looking for Jo, ready to take her home for their own Christmas celebrations. Charlie and Dorothy take the opportunity to depart as well, and there are hugs and well-wishes all around, with Bobby promising to drop by tomorrow afternoon.
Meg grins outright but Dean has fallen so deep into his own head that he barely notices. Why didn’t he realize this sooner? Has he really been this in denial, that the thought never dared flit through his head?
. His own cock is dangling hard and heavy, dripping white onto the ground below, but the sensation is so good that Dean doesn’t even care. He’ll come like this, no problem.
Castiel turns his head, unable to match Dean’s smile. “I shouldn’t,” he says quietly, thinking of all the ways that this idea could go wrong, the ways that Dean could come to resent him, that Castiel could come to resent himself. More than he already does. He’s already proven himself prone to weakness, scenting Dean like that. Like mates.
“I asked if he was okay,” Castiel answers softly. “When he hung up, I called and left a voicemail. He hasn’t responded.”
As Dean attempts to process this upheaval of his own reality, the rest of the party splits up. Sam starts picking up wrapping paper and plastic, and Mary heads to the kitchen to start reheating leftover snacks from last night for lunch. Castiel, after being shooed away by Sam, takes the opportunity to head outside to the porch to call his parents.
Castiel sighs and rolls his eyes again. “Do you want breakfast or not? ‘Cause I can go downstairs and eat this by myself.”
trilogy first. Having to work around Castiel’s restrictions meant that it took a few days to get through all the extended editions, which may have played into how Castiel thought the films dragged at times, but overall he had enjoyed them, and it had made Charlie happy. Now, they’re finally watching
Castiel sits up straight, his head tilted. Dean laughs awkwardly and imitates his stance, maybe trying to distract himself from this story he obviously doesn’t tell often. “He and Uncle Bobby had their own garage together back in Lawrence, occasionally fixing up and selling old classics when they had the opportunity. But it went under around the time Sam was born. Bobby moved out here, met Ellen, married her and started up another garage in town, so people wouldn’t have to go to Seaside anymore. Dad…” Dean pauses, his jaw twitching, and has to take a deep breath before continuing: “Dad didn’t handle it so well. He started drinking, and it got pretty bad.” He rubs the ball of his hand against his temple, an almost unconscious gesture that makes Castiel wonder just what ‘pretty bad’ means. “So Mom left him. I grew up in Topeka, but then shit happened and Mom decided to bring us out here instead.”
“The whole of book six made it pretty clear that Harry’s gonna be with Ginny,” Charlie argues. She’s brushing Gilda’s hair, fluffing it up nicely. Gilda is dressed as Hermione, with Charlie in a similar Hogwarts uniform, obviously Ginny. Anna is Ginny too, but Dean thinks that that’s just what happens when you have more than one red-haired girl in your group of friends, especially when nobody bothers to coordinate.
Their previous kisses had mostly been short, awkward pecks. The kiss at Jo’s party last year had come with a lot of fumbling from an inexperienced Cas, and though the kiss at the concert had been slightly better, that might have had more to do with Dean finding comfort in Cas than any actual skill.
Castiel drops down onto the bed behind Dean, pulling him close and leaving soft kisses on the back of his neck. He dips his fingers under Dean’s shirt, dragging them over the smooth skin of his stomach and up to his chest. When he pinches a nipple, Dean jerks and rolls over, wide-eyed.
. The singer goes off-key once or twice, but the song still strikes a chord in Dean. He can feel his chest swell and expand with the changing notes, and the lyrics linger in his head like neon lights.
“Listen. Cas. Can I call you Cas?” Aaron doesn’t wait for an answer before barrelling on. “I am not your competition. Dean? He’s awesome in bed, but he’s borderline obsessed with you, and I’m not interested in being a side piece.”
The cashier is friendly as she rings him out, and cheerfully wishes him a happy new year, as though his purchase doesn’t make it obvious that he’s going to try and do exactly that. When he walks back out into the cold air, he stuffs his bag into the pocket of his sweater, then crouches down, puts his head between his knees, and tries to steady his breathing. He’s practically wheezing, unsure if he can make the run back without collapsing. He counts as he breathes, trying to regulate, but his chest still feels too tight when he stands up again. There’s no more putting things off, though, so he keeps counting as he starts to jog back to the Winchester home, focusing on the rhythmic sound of his shoes on the sidewalk.
He leans back against the headboard and turns the TV on, but leaves the volume low enough that it won’t bother Anna through the paper-thin walls. It’s early enough that infomercials are still playing, but Castiel leaves it on for background noise as he scrolls through his Blackberry with one hand, and shoves handfuls of Shredded Wheat in his mouth with the other.
“Been better, that’s for sure,” but he’s laughing as he says it, so Castiel tries not to take it as a barb. “Still here though, so that’s something.”
“Woah, woah, woah!” Charlie whistles, reaching out to gently grip Castiel’s elbow. Jo is still glaring at him, though the look has softened slightly. “Nobody’s asking you to sacrifice anything. We just thought that being near Dean might have been part of your decision. It’s okay if that’s not true!” she adds quickly, misinterpreting the guilty look on Castiel’s face - he
Then it’s Mildred’s turn to order, and as she steps up to the register, Castiel realizes he hasn’t even had a chance to browse the menu. He snags a laminated copy from in front of the register and scans it hurriedly, trying to decide what Dean would like best. Mildred seems to be a regular, since she greets the cashier by name and just orders “The usual,” before stepping aside for Castiel’s turn. Castiel decides to just order a couple things that look good, and let Dean take first pick.
“Yup.” Pam leans over and points at something Castiel can’t see. “It’s deep and long and starts here and blah blah shit you don’t care about, but it means you’re gonna be a monogamous son of a bitch someday, and you’ll be ecstatic about it.”
“All right, all right.” Dean steps up behind Pam, setting his wallet on the bartop before hopping onto a stool. “Stop scaring Cas.”
“Got in a fight, don’t worry.” Dean chuckles, resting his hand against his forehead. “I won, so no big.”
So of course, it takes him by surprise when he’s out weeding the tomatoes, and he catches a whiff of a high-pitched, frantic scent. It’s sticky-sweet, almost cloying, and he recognizes it immediately. After so many years taking care of Anna, how could he not?
“I don’t want to be here,” Castiel says without thinking, then rubs his hands over his face. “I want to be with you, but I don’t. I can’t…” Dean’s face is falling, so Castiel puts his hands in his hair, tugging gently, as if the physical pain will distract him from the pain that comes from hurting Dean. “I love you, but I don’t trust you, and I don’t want to be around you, but I can’t stay away.”
The line goes silent. Panic rises in Dean’s throat as he replays the conversation, as he’s struck by the image of Cas doing exactly that, of Bela kissing Cas and going down on him and making him her bitch, just another poor sex-craved guy on a lady’s leash…
Dean closes his eyes and moans at the thought, and doesn’t even warn Cas before he leans over and takes Cas’s dick into his mouth. Cas yelps, both hands immediately falling into Dean’s hair, gripping like a lifeline as his hips undulate into the damp warmth of Dean’s mouth. Dean doesn’t even mind. In fact, he kind of enjoys it; Cas is always so collected and calm, and sometimes Dean worries that he’s missing something, that Cas is holding back and using double-speak that Dean doesn’t understand. This is better. This is Cas letting go, and it’s the only thing Dean wants.
“No, no, that’s stupid. That’s like…” He huffs, turning to Jess and putting his hand over her’s, and in an overly-cheerful tone, he says, “Hey, Jess, I’m crazy about you.”
And in an instant, something changes. The light looks different, the room feels warmer, and Castiel anxiously runs his palm over the blanket when Dean gasps a little laugh in his ear.
“Does there have to be a point?” Dean yells back, which just makes Cas roll his eyes and turn to Lisa for help. She laughs but shakes her head, holding her arms up.
Dean swallows, rubbing his chin. “I know,” he says softly, when he realizes that Castiel is waiting for a response. “And I said I’m sorry-”
“This is still something we need to get ahead of,” Naomi chimes in. “It has the potential to become a problem, and we need to know how to handle it if it does.”
“There’s something else you should know, Dean,” Mary continues, apparently unaware that this information has already turned Dean’s head upside-down. “That asshole, Alastair? He was arrested and charged last night. He’s been up to a lot more than you know about, and Jody said he’s facing at least five years in prison.” She smiles, running a gentle hand through Dean’s hair. “So you don’t have to worry about him anymore.”
A gentle ache leaks into Dean’s temples, but he takes a step back and covers his face, takes a few deep breaths. He decides to vacuum and dust upstairs once Cas has left, and take some bleach to Sam’s bathroom. When Dean lowers his hands, he sees Cas watching him with concern, one hand halfway between them, as if he were preparing to reach for Dean. But he quickly draws back and bites his lip instead.
Dean drops his head to his hands, trying to collect himself, but this just feels like Lisa all over again, like his chest is collapsing in, and the idea of going back to that dark place terrifies Dean more than anything else in the world. He dry swallows a few times, pressing his hand to his chest like he thinks that’ll help him keep it together, and says, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that.”
“Hey, girl,” Dean says, stroking his hand down her neck. Her ears twitch. “Do you remember where Cas is?”
“Don’t make me defend Dean,” she says, brandishing a finger in his direction. “When the girls told me what he did with that other boy, I defended your actions. You have every right to be angry at him for that, and I was mad at them for being so blinded by poor ickle Dean that they couldn’t see your point of view. But!” She presses her fingernail into his chest, and he takes a step backwards at the pressure. “Protecting yourself only goes so far before it becomes cruelty, and what you did to that boy the other night was
it, but how does he explain his certainty to Mary? Surely she’s noticed that Dean is following in her footsteps, working himself to exhaustion in the name of supporting his family. How often Castiel was left alone or with Sam for the time he’s been here. And how does he tell her this without sounding bitter about it?
Lisa hums awkwardly. “Listen, I should…” She trails off, and there’s more muffled noise in the background. People laughing. A child’s shrill giggle. “I should go,” she finishes. “I’ll see you Friday, okay?”
He trails back, thinking of his conversation with Naomi just a few days ago, and how he still doesn’t know what she was trying to achieve. There’s a chance that she might be trying to make amends, but Castiel truly doesn’t know.
Castiel pulls his shoes on before following Gabriel out the door, across the grass yard, and towards the resort’s parking lot. Gabriel leads the way to Michael’s car, which brings Cas up short. “He’s going to be so angry with you if he finds out-”
“Hey.” A steady hand grabs each of his shoulders, and Castiel glances up to see Dean standing a lot closer than he was just a moment ago. “Relax. The Best Western’s right there, if you run-”
More smashed glass in the kitchen, and a wordless yell from Michael stops any further protests from Gabriel. “All right, come on, I’ll drop you off.”
They continue walking along the shoreline in silence for a few more moments, enjoying the atmosphere and each other’s proximity. Then Lisa gently knocks her shoulder against Dean’s bicep and smirks up at him. “How was Jo’s party?”
Dean bites his lip, struggling to find something else to say, but the silence stretches out too long, so he just turns on the radio instead. Jo groans when Metallica blasts through the speakers, whining, “We’re going to a
Dean sighs, staring at the bowl, pushing the food around with a fork. The smell is simultaneously amazing and nauseating. “Don’t be,” he mumbles.
Pam rolls her eyes. “Look, just trust me, okay? You’re gonna fall in love, and it’s gonna be for life, and I see that as clearly as I see how artistic you are.”
A very warm finger taps against Castiel’s forehead, and he jumps, startled by the touch. Dean laughs, and reaches out to grab Castiel’s wrist. “You’re thinking awfully hard about a very simple question. Come to bed.”
Dean furrows his brow, carefully studying Cas’s face. It’s not a very interesting story: Lisa had ended up in both Dean’s biology and geometry classes. He took the opportunity to get to know her better, and to befriend her, and her friend Victor in order to have a better idea of whether or not they were dating each other. It took four months of harassment and teasing from Charlie, Jo, and Pam for Dean to finally work up the courage to approach Lisa during lunch and invite her out for ice cream. Luckily, she had already decided that she found him charming, and happily accepted.
be drunk right now. That list is topped off with the fact that his girlfriend is furious at him, and his best friend can’t be trusted. It spirals off into various other things, like Dean is a talentless hack with no future, so why not blow off his youth? Like Dean’s friends can’t stand to be around him anyway, considering he’s a manipulative piece of shit who doesn’t know how to keep a secret or respect personal boundaries.
Dean gets the player ready and grabs the remote before crawling back onto the bed, rolling his eyes as he fixes up the pillows and settles in. “Shut up,” he mutters without heat, extending an arm for Castiel to scoot under.
Castiel thinks it over, then nods once. “Okay. Same for me. We’ll talk about this in a couple years.”
“I read the book,” Castiel answers, which earns him an approving clap on the shoulder before Dean scrambles to turn off the music and stand up.
And that’s what catches Dean’s attention, makes him stop and listen. He hadn’t even known Sam was aware of Dean’s other job, but here they are, Sam frowning at Dean like he knows Dean thought he was just another dumb kid, but he’s not. Sam’s never been dumb. Considering the mess he’s in, that’s probably a word better used to describe Dean.
Castiel breaks the following awkward silence with a polite greeting: “Hello, Mr. Winchester. I’ve heard a lot about you.”
So they wait at Dean’s house, settled on the couch by the bay window, Castiel’s arms around Dean’s waist, Dean’s arm around Castiel’s shoulders, and their feet propped up on the coffee table. When Sam notices them on his way out the door, he decides to wait too, and his company is welcome. He doesn’t comment on their sudden closeness, and keeps the conversation light, joking with his brother about movies and TV shows that Castiel hasn’t seen. Their voices are soothing anyway, and Castiel is almost dozing when Dean suddenly jumps and shifts to reach into his back pocket, pulling out his phone.
He distracts himself by closing his eyes and trying to control his breathing, forcing himself not to think of tonight’s possible outcomes, be they good or bad. He tries to tell himself that no good can come of this, but still he’s out here, scuffing his shoe on the curb, eager to see how much Dean has grown, and the way he always smiles when he sees Castiel for the first time in ages.
Cas stares at him for a long moment, that small smile on his face leaving Dean feeling a little breathless. Again, there’s a crackle of tension between them, the kind that Dean enjoys just as much as the actual resolution that comes from touching, and Dean wonders if he could have gotten a kiss if he’d just waited for this moment instead.
Castiel turns away from the window to see Jess walking away, towards yet another door that leads to yet another staircase. “Tell anyone what?”
Naomi tightens her jaw, taking a deep breath through her nose. Castiel waits, patiently, for her to start talking about how easy it is to go to college and pull oneself up by their bootstraps… but the speech never comes. She simply takes a few more deep breaths before putting a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “You’ve had a long night,” she says. “I’m sure you’re tired. Make sure you hang your clothes up before you go to bed.”
She gives him a pitying look, and the line moves ever forward. “I can understand that. My husband and I got married just before he had to go to Vietnam.” She pats Castiel’s arm in solidarity, as he silently marvels over how she can compare such sacrifice and fear to his own simpering heartsickness, easily lessened with a phone call or cured with a plane ticket. “But we’ve been together and happy ever since, so I’m sure you and your boy will get there too.” She smiles again. “The war wasn’t forever, and college won’t be either.”
his pup to some other alpha? Especially since other places aren’t as civilized as Winchester, and they both know it. Dean could be relegated to nothing more than a concubine, and the puppy…
Blue. Bright blue eyes. Electric and stunning and Dean’s hypnotized even before he notices the little smile playing on full lips.
“Don’t we need to pick up Sam?” Cas suggests smoothly. Meg snickers, wrapping an arm around his waist.
Jo’s lips part in surprise, but she quickly covers it up. Charlie is less successful, her head immediately whipping around to stare at Cas with wide, hazel eyes. She opens her mouth to speak, but closes it again when Dean shifts in his seat. Dean is more surprised at the offer than anyone, but he covers it up better, staring Cas down. Cas doesn’t wilt, however. In fact, he almost seems to sit taller under Dean’s curious gaze.
Dean takes a step back, his brain flooded with the white noise that precedes panic. He can’t read Cas’s expression, just that Cas is also moving away, and
Dean drinks it in, every moment, as Cas stretches high, his wings reaching higher, then leans over to press a kiss against Dean’s lips, gingerly cupping Dean’s face in his hands. Dean doesn’t even think about it, doesn’t care that Lisa’s in the room; she arranged this for him, she wanted him to have this, so he takes what he’s given, parting his lips to let Cas slide his tongue inside, and he doesn’t even care about the groaning noises that seem to be vibrating up from his own throat.
“Well, yeah,” Sam answers. “But her parents will be there. Her dad is kinda strict.” He swallows, then adds, “And protective. She’s technically not allowed to date anyone until she’s sixteen.”
“What’s up, Sammy?” Dean asks, busying himself by digging in the drawers, pretending he’s getting ready to make dinner.
“Um.” And Castiel turns to look at Charlie, notices the way she’s gone a little pale as she says, “Dean’s mom works here so… cheap pizza?”
Before he can blink, his back is slammed up against a tree, and Bela has a hand splayed on his chest, leaning all her weight against him to keep him upright. Her green eyes are fixed on his, perfectly-formed eyebrows furrowed in anger, pink lips pouted with aggression.
"Dean," Missouri says gently. "It's good that you feel guilt over this. It means you have a conscience. That you really care about him. And when Cas is ready to forgive, then you'll have a chance to ask for it and say what you need to. But Cas gets to make that call, not you." She nods, like this is the end of it, but she doesn't understand.
Two guys. That’s all Charlie wanted, to break the tension, and if Dean just announces these two names, then she’d probably let him off the hook.
Castiel chuckles under his breath. “You’d like Dean,” he offers as a truce, just before pulling her into a sweaty hug that leaves her screeching. As long as she laughs in the end, he can pretend everything will be okay.
"D'you wanna take a break?" Dean suggests carefully. "My legs are getting sore, so I bet yours are too. We can get pizza for when Tutti and Frutti are ready to get off the ice."
Dean ducks his head sheepishly, and Castiel rolls his eyes even as he allows Dean to take his hand and lead the way to the Impala. They had agreed to keep to themselves for a little while, because Dean didn’t think it would win Castiel any favors if they announced they were okay, only for things to immediately go sour again. Castiel keeps promising that he’s not going to run away or cut Dean off anymore, but he doesn’t blame Dean for wanting to be careful. It’s the same way Castiel feels about what happened with Aaron, after all. They’ve both made mistakes. A little caution is probably wise.
It’s a colored pencil portrait of Kyriel and his angel blade, his wings barely visible - but it’s not really Kyriel, not as he’s described in Chuck’s books. This Kyriel is smaller, leaner, his dark hair a mess, and his eyes are blue. A piercing, glowing, brilliant blue, which seems to take over the entire page. A thought flits through Castiel’s head,
"Hello, Dean," Cas yawns. "I'm glad you did." Bela cocks an eyebrow in Castiel's direction, and he turns away from her, willing her to turn back to her little pink compact and continue ignoring him.
And it’s real, because her eyes are bright again, crinkled in the corners because of her wide, white smile. She leans over to press a light kiss to a dumbfounded Dean’s mouth, then starts walking again, leading him along behind her.
It’s a cold move, but Castiel can’t argue with that one. He keeps his silence until they reach the front door of the bungalow. Jody puts her hands in her pockets and watches him expectantly, until he works up the nerve to knock on the door. It opens instantly, before he’s even withdrawn his hand, as if someone had been waiting for him.
“Oh,” Castiel sounds a little surprised, “that’s younger than most. But I’m not too far off - I was twenty-five when I left home.”
Dean pushes her away and rubs at his side while Lisa giggles unhelpfully. “What do you want, Joanna Beth?”
The corner of Charlie’s lips quirk up, and some of the tension flows out of Jo’s face. Pam leans back, her arms relaxed, and Castiel takes a deep breath before saying, “You guys should come over. We can order room service and a movie.”
Cas hums again, then changes the subject, trying to put a plan together for the stupid concert. Dean nods along, trying to focus on what Cas is saying, but now that his habit has been pointed out, he can’t help being distracted by it. Especially considering those dreams.
When he reaches the beach, when he finds the flagpole and Dean is there, Dean is smiling at Castiel until he’s not. The smile falls away, and a hand reaches for Castiel’s shoulder and Dean’s voice sounds very, very small when he asks, “Are you all right?”
No one had asked why he was suddenly going to dinner at Dean’s house, after so many days of pouty silence. Castiel appreciates this, because he’s still not sure how to explain what changed his mind. Or even if his mind has actually changed.
Not to mention, Cas should be pretty much unable to rut for a little while. He’s put a bun in Dean’s oven already, scented said bun on Dean the whole ride back to Winchester, so his instincts should be pretty satisfied with the whole baby-making thing. To be fair, Dean’s not sure if that’s exactly how it works - he knows about certain other nobles who seem to be perfectly capable of running from one omega to the next, knocking each one up in succession. And he wouldn’t necessarily be opposed to locking himself in Cas’s room and getting knotted for a few hours.
He remembers only flashes after that. Someone grunting in his ear. Someone dropping him somewhere soft. The soft sound of a woman crying. A door slamming shut.
Silence. Then, in that low, lilting voice, “Are you sure? Think of all your loved ones, Dean. Isn’t their well-being important to you?”
“Me too,” Dean says, and those two little words are so earnest it’s almost painful. “I gotta go or Bobby’s gonna rip my head off, so… see you soon?”
to happen. It’s hard enough getting any noble-alphas to look at Dean twice when he’s so insistent on training with his knights until his fingers blister, or running off to hunt banshees for days on end. Several of Dean’s potential suitors have already (rightly) questioned his “
Castiel turns away, picking up his laptop and phone as he heads for his room. Packing won't take him that long; he knows the winter weather in Oregon by now, how unpredictable it can be. A thick jacket, a suit, a couple t-shirts… no big deal. He’ll have to e-mail his professors before he leaves too. Hopefully they’ll understand that this is an emergency, a situation he can’t avoid. He’s had a few of them before, and is pretty sure they like him enough to work with him.
Castiel is honestly a little awed that a fourteen year-old can make such advanced connections and predictions and insights. Then again, Castiel was never that great at Literature and essay-writing, so maybe it’s not that uncommon. Still, he says, “I’m impressed. You’ve put a lot of thought into this.”
He doesn’t even realize he’s fallen asleep until he wakes up, less confused by the warm, sleepy body in his arms than the one hovering over them. He blinks blearily up at red hair and blue eyes, and his first thought is
She stares at him for a moment, then nods once before turning and running away, a cup in each hand. Dean watches her go, her red hair bouncing and shimmering in the afternoon sun, and smiles to himself. He’s not sure what happened here, but he’s grateful for Anna’s hesitant approval anyway.
“Nope,” he says, swinging his legs off the bed. “Bath.” When Dean still fails to move, Castiel uses his natural alpha strength to lift Dean in his arms, ignoring the shocked cry that comes when Dean suddenly finds himself outside of the nest he’s made himself so comfortable in. But then his arms lock around Castiel’s neck, and Castiel’s inner alpha purrs with delight.
There are no smiles when the sun sets and Castiel is finally allowed to retreat to his room. The verdict is guilty and the sentence is grounded, indefinitely. No whining, no complaining, no sneaking out with Gabriel. Even his phone has been confiscated, so he can’t text Dean to let him know.
Castiel feels his cheeks heat up at the innuendo, but he doesn’t dare pull away, afraid that he might accidentally hurt her. She laughs, surprising him again as she releases him with a friendly pat to his forearm, and puts a little space between them. “Sorry if I frightened you,” she says, eyes glittering with a kind of mischief that makes Castiel wonder if she’s younger than she appears. “My husband would have warned you not to get too close, but he’s stuck at home with a cold.”
Lisa giggles when Dean protests. Cas is still smirking when he says, “That’s okay, Dean’s used to spending time with people who are prettier than he is.”
There is no more conversation during this part of the meal, and it gets under Castiel’s skin. He’s so used to eating by himself, listening to the wind in the trees and the crickets singing, that others’ clinking silverware, or shifting in their seats, or even just the sound of chewing is starting to fray his nerves. He needs to either speak or run, and running is seeming more and more like the proper answer. There’s no point to this. The king doesn’t like him, Sam doesn’t trust him, and Mary is just trying to be a peacemaker. Castiel will
“Yes, well, I’m sorry about that, but Meg and I were a little too tired to be up so late.” His words are stilted, like he’s lying, and even if he’s not, there’s still no reason he couldn’t at least text Dean back to tell him so. “We’ll probably just go see it tomorrow.”
Lisa’s hand is wrapped up in Dean’s, their fingers interlaced as they swing in the air between them. The sky is dark and the ocean is darker, the tide coming in high enough to leave seaweed and silt around their bare feet as they walk. There’s a cool breeze coming in, gently shifting Lisa’s hair and the orange ribbon tied just behind her ear.
“Hey, look who’s not dead!” Charlie says cheerfully, after Castiel greets her. “Judging by your not-dead-ness, I’m hoping you’ll be able to join us for ice cream this afternoon?”
It’s probably a bad thing that Castiel feels like there’s an expiration date stamped on their relationship, but with the way things are going, it’s hard not to feel like all their ups will eventually spiral down.
“Hardly. But you’re not a poised, well-mannered nymph either.” Castiel rests his forehead against Dean’s shoulder, and Dean’s not sure how he managed to find such an affectionate alpha, but he thinks he likes it. “Other alphas,
Dean smiles to himself, mixing paints in an attempt to find the perfect shade of blue. Cas will be in town for both the Order of the Phoenix movie, and the Deathly Hallows release. Those will be some nice opportunities to spend some time together.
“Now, John,” Mary begins, the very picture of diplomacy, but John shakes his head, pushing his empty bowl away with a grunt.
Castiel lays there, unable to think of a reason to get back up, but Dean is shuffling around next to him, and finally snaps, “Dammit, Cas,” so Castiel opens his eyes and peers up at his friend. Dean is sitting cross-legged on the ground, slumped over and glaring at Castiel.
Sweat breaks out on Dean’s forehead, upper lip, and chest. The alpha draws back in surprise, and Dean thinks he’s blushing, but then he’s too preoccupied with cramps and fever and the rush of slick and want. He can smell alpha everywhere, burying his nose in the nest of blankets around him and whining softly, reaching up and trying to grasp the alpha’s hand. He almost succeeds, his fingers brushing cool skin, but it’s gone before he can get a good grip on it, and he moans his displeasure.
Dean shudders. He won’t think about it. He won’t allow it to happen. Castiel is his best bet for a brighter future.
“You met a pretty girl,” Lucifer says again, slower this time, as he leans back into the couch. “Explains where you’ve been going all the time. Is it that Talbot girl?”
know Castiel that well. Dean’s here offering up information, but Castiel hasn’t responded with any of his own. What about
It’s become a bit of a tradition, in Castiel’s mind, for Dean to hide drawings for him to find as he’s leaving Oregon. There aren’t any tucked in his pockets as he goes through security, though, leaving him a little disappointed as he picks up his backpack and jacket on the other side and heads for the gate.
Finally, Dean laughs, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand. “Dude, it’s cool if you’re ready to update your limits, but we should probably talk about them first.” He’s still grinning, running a hand through Castiel’s hair, so Castiel offers a hesitant smile in return. “I don’t want to take it further than you’re ready for.”
Dean’s shoulders tense. “Shouldn’t you be back with Jo and Charlie? I thought we were gonna watch Indiana Jones.”
Castiel takes another deep breath. “Hannah took it well and saw it as an excuse not to do something she had decided she didn’t really want to do after all. April still wanted satisfaction and I felt guilty enough to provide.”
Dean tenses immediately, his charming bravado gone. Castiel quickly grabs his hand and squeezes, offering an encouraging smile. “I’m not sure if, um…” Dean is blushing, staring at his shoes. “If I, uh, have nice enough clothes for that place.”
“You’re very… different.” Naomi disapproves of holes in clothes. Her children wouldn’t be caught dead in an off-brand. Mary doesn’t have a lot of choice regarding either.
Heat rises in Castiel’s cheeks, but he steps into the kitchen anyway, holding out his hand. “Hello. My name’s-”
So while Michael currently believes that Castiel is in Seaside with Gabriel and Anna, the truth is that Castiel is spread out on the Winchester’s couch, his legs tangled with Charlie’s, while Jo is laid out on the floor hogging the popcorn, and Dean is curled up in a tattered armchair, paying attention to the notebook he’s doodling in rather than the movie on the screen. Castiel is genuinely curious about what Dean’s drawing, but whenever he strains to try and peek, Charlie punches him in the thigh and points at the TV.
With the lull in conversation, they both finally realize that the record has reached its end. Dean stretches to reach, to flip it, to drop the needle again. The new song is fast-paced, but neither boy is driven to move, both waiting for something to break.
“You’ve known that long?” The words come out in a rush of air, like Dean can’t process this information. “Since the goddamn concert? Why didn’t you
Castiel gasps, pushing himself up and away from Dean’s body, ignoring the little whimper Dean makes at the loss. “No,” Castiel says, shaking his head, covering his mouth and nose with one hand. It’s an attempt to dampen Dean’s overwhelming scent, and it fails when he realizes that he’s been touching Dean’s skin, and that caramel-apple smell is now embedded in his palms. Dean has laid a claim on him, knowingly or not, and Castiel moans softly, dropping his hand again. “Dean, we can’t-”
, he wants to ensure that Dean never has to struggle for money again, that he can just paint and be happy, and they can buy a house together and be comfortable, and maybe someday adopt kids, Dean would be
Jo and Charlie wave enthusiastically, but Pam is up out of her seat, racing to meet him with a hug. She squeezes tight enough to make Castiel grunt, but he hugs her back and smiles gently, leaving an arm around her shoulder as she leads him back to the table.
Bela pauses in her defense of Slytherin house and smirks when Dean tugs on Castiel’s arm, dragging him across the sand to force him to dance one more time. Castiel flips her off, even as he’s trying to keep up with Dean. He’s pretty sure she returned the gesture, but he can’t be certain, because Dean is twirling him around, and there’s heat and smoke and laughter, and who cares about Bela as long as she’s behaving herself?
This suggestion is met with a frown. “The one in town? That’s covered in trash and full of local yokels, you could just go to the one right here-”
The drive is short and quiet, outside of Gabriel’s anxious tapping against the steering wheel, which Castiel finds easy to ignore. Quaint and worn-down little houses start appearing on the side of the road almost as soon as they’re outside the resort’s property, buildings with broken porches and faded paint and twenty year-old cars out front. Trees, green and lush, reach for the sky, backing away and up the hill as the town forms around the main road. There’s only about five miles between the resort and the town; Castiel had run it their first afternoon here, to determine a good route to run as he built up his endurance for the track and field team, and had figured taking the main road to the opposite end of town and back would be best.
“Why the hell would you play a kissing game when you’re in a relationship, Dean?” Lisa says, struggling to get Dean to let her go. “Why would you even put yourself in a position where this could-”
“I was in a bad place,” Dean says quietly. “In my head.” Next to him, Cas pauses, though he doesn’t speak. So Dean continues: “I’m in therapy, y’know, so I’m doing better, but back then,” Dean swallows, “last summer, after everything went bad, it was awful. And that mural helped keep me from breaking down completely.”
anymore, and his relationship with Dean is no one else’s business. It’s bad enough dealing with Dean’s friends, particularly Jo, Victor, and Benny. Castiel doesn’t need this bullshit from his own family.
He doesn’t understand, this raw, slow shattering, the anger that always appears whenever he notices Cas’s attraction or affection for Bela. When Cas’s eyes dart back to Dean, Dean turns away, aggressively shaking the hat in his hands, keeping his gaze on the sheets of paper as he reads aloud, “Victor and Kevin,” then loses himself in the sarcasm and gloating that follows Victor’s immediate claim of bullshit.
“Sam’s been worrying about you too,” Mary continues. “And me, of course. So thank God for Cas, really.” She laughs softly. “He’s the only one who actually did anything.”
Cas studies him for a moment, then barks out a laugh. He quickly smothers it under a hand, but the giggles are bubbling through him now, making his shoulders shake as he tries to suppress them. Dean pouts, but that just seems to make Cas laugh all the harder, and to be honest, Dean can’t be too upset. It’s nice to see Cas laughing again.
“I haven’t seen him myself, but the girls are all spitting mad at you, so I suppose she’s telling the truth.”
“Nah,” answers Sam. He slides into the Impala’s backseat, allowing Castiel to take shotgun, and waits until Dean has backed them out onto the road to continue, “She and Sarah are already there.”
“Feel better than I have in weeks,” Dean comments, drawing his legs up and leaning over his knees. The sun is pleasant on his back, and he cautiously hopes that means his heat really is gone.
It must be nesting instincts, hooking into his brain, letting him get attached to Dean. Working with those other omegas was never like this, but there are plenty of reasons why that might be true. There were always so many of them, for one thing. For another, he mainly dealt with his sister, and everyone knows that there is no bigger deterrent than the smell of one’s family. Anna isn’t around to dampen Dean’s smell.
“If there’s a problem, or something you’re struggling with, then I want to help you. All you have to do is tell me, and I’ll do what I can.”
That’s eleven years between them. Not so bad, considering Dean’s father has been introducing him to alphas more than twice his age. It actually might work in Cas’s favor - he’s older, he’s experienced, he might even be willing to take up a sword again… the less room the King has to argue against Cas, the better Dean’s chances of mating someone he actually
It’s a poor effort, really. Lisa’s blouse is still mostly unbuttoned and her hair is a tangled mess, and Dean doesn’t even bother to put his overshirt back on. They absolutely look like two people who just had a drunk quickie under a blanket, but Dean figures that a good chunk of people at the party already know they did, so who cares?
And it clicks. Dean feels like an absolute idiot when it hits him, and he rubs his hand over his mouth, turning the concept over in his head a few times, until everything has moved around and made space for it to settle in. “You’re not a guy, though,” Dean says slowly, hesitant to actually put the idea into words. “And you’re not… straight?”
Later, after sunset, when Dean taps on his window, Castiel points him towards the crate. Now, Dean can climb in and out of Castiel’s tiny window, making it less risky for him to visit.
“Are these good for you? I’m afraid I don’t know what horses eat.” The voice is muted, but even from this distance Dean can tell that it’s deep and rusty, like a growl. The alpha. Talking to… a horse? His Impala, maybe?
"Dark hair, green eyes, tons of freckles and a pout to die for?" She sighs softly. "Poor little townie boy?"
His phone buzzes in his pocket as he steps out into the cool evening air, but he ignores it, taking off through the parking lot at top speed. His ears are ringing and his skin is thrumming and his mind is whirling and it’s easy to shut it all off as he focuses on the slap of his shoes on the sidewalk and trying to regulate his breathing. The sun is below the horizon now, just a small glow casting pink and purple into the skyline while a few heavy clouds hang in the distance.
Dean huffs. “Well, that answers one question.” He crosses his arms over his chest, pointedly staring at Charlie, waiting for her to break under the silence. It only takes a few moments before she makes a noise of frustration, hiding her face behind the DVD.
When Hannah opens her mouth, Castiel catches her eye and gives her a minute shake of his head. She falters briefly, but quickly manages to smile, though it doesn’t quite reach her eyes. “The baby’s father, of course. Who else could it be, with that scent?” She loses her breath, then finally takes a few more steps down the hall. “You’ll have to excuse me, I’m a little busy, but I do hope we can have the chance to talk more later?” She hesitates, then puts the smile back on. “About Dean and the baby, of course.”
Dean swallows it all down and turns to stare at his empty cup, spinning it on the table. “How did you even meet Meg, anyway?” he asks quietly.
Dean is the limit of Castiel’s sexual experience, and Dean is the one who makes him understand the phrase ‘hot and bothered,’ but that doesn’t mean he’s
Castiel laughs until he realizes what Dean’s insinuating, and he blushes pink in the candlelight. Dean almost doesn’t notice, until he does, and promptly drops his burger back onto his plate, clearing his throat and avoiding Castiel’s gaze. Castiel waits for awkwardness to settle in, but to his surprise, it doesn’t. Dean won’t look at him, but that’s endearing, and instead, Castiel finds himself warming to his friend all the more, reaching across the table to grab his attention, and smiling sweetly when Dean finally chances a glance.
“You’ve grown,” Castiel says as a way of greeting, but Sam just laughs, apparently unaware of the way Anna is staring at him with new interest.
“I still need somebody to drive me to the Panic! at the Disco concert in Portland.” Jo pushes out her lower lip and widens her eyes, looking pitifully up at Dean. “Mom bought extra tickets so whoever drove me wouldn’t have to sit out in the car.”
Instead of answering, Castiel dips forward to steal a kiss. Dean lets him, briefly, then shakes him off.
Cas makes a face and tilts his hand back and forth over the table. “Kind of? Michael’s graduated now so he’s shadowing Mother full time. Gabriel’s supposed to be watching Anna and me now, but Michael will still be around at least once a week.”
And now, Castiel can’t stop himself. That flicker in his chest starts to burn, powerful and bright and angry, as he snaps, “What do you know about real connections, Michael?”
Castiel grunts as he gets to his feet and inhales again, following the smell to its source. It becomes clearer the closer he gets, ripe fruit and a hint of something spicy, and his instincts perk up with interest. He grits his teeth and shoves that down, surprised at himself; he’s never had this trouble when he took care of omegas before. Granted, Anna is his sister, so of course he was less than interested in her scent, but those other omegas at the brothel hadn’t attracted his instincts that way.
But Dean hates the way everyone tries to smother him and keep him locked up, just because he’s an omega. It’s not like he can’t defend himself. Seriously, he’s the
It’s actually a pleasant evening for once. There’s a gentle breeze coming off the ocean, bringing the smell of salt and sand, and it doesn’t become uncomfortably cold as the sky darkens and Dean pulls a couple slices of chocolate silk pie from a cooler. Conversation moves easily, joking about their families and friends, and Castiel teases Dean about the strange playlist he’s made for them.
does. And while it’s true that Castiel isn’t sure he’s really all the way ready, he also has no idea when he’ll see Dean again, and he doesn’t want to wait anymore. He’s done his experimenting, and it’s over. It’s Dean’s turn.
Not that the omega had seemed to mind. If Castiel remembers correctly, the scent of an alpha can help an omega in heat, and his little foundling had actually come around on his own once surrounded by soft, warm blankets and the odor of… whatever it is Castiel smells like.
Something flickers over Cas's face, but Dean hardly notices as he commits that kiss to memory, then tucks it away in the back of his mind, right next to last year's kiss, where he can forget about it and pretend it never happened, until he's ready to deal with the fact that he
Her nostrils flare as she shakes her head again, dancing near the gate until Castiel waves his free hand at her and makes his way to the door. He catches a whiff of the omega’s scent as he passes the open front window, and he hums softly. The most recent wave of heat has apparently passed, thank the Gods, so Castiel pushes the door open and calls out, “Are you decent?”
“You’re not okay,” Dean mumbles, their feet crunching gravel as they approach the building, and something in Castiel snaps. He turns and shoves Dean, who stumbles but doesn’t fall. “The hell, Cas?” he yells, eyes wide.
correct, even without a proper reference, and this last painting, of Castiel reaching for the viewer but keeping his distance at the same time, just makes Castiel’s heart ache as he realizes that all these paintings, all those hours spent tracing lines and choosing colors and finalizing details, this is Dean’s declaration of love. But Dean has no idea how Castiel feels, because Castiel keeps him at arms length.
But Dean doesn’t care about that. He can feel the heat all over his face, the tension in his shoulders, because it hadn’t even occurred to him that Cas might not be who Charlie had in mind. And she’s right, really; if Dean wants to avoid any drama or shit-talking, Victor would be the one to choose. Victor’s on the football team. He’s tall and broad and strong, and they’re friends because Dean is dating one of Victor’s closest friends. Everyone would laugh it off. No one would ask weird questions.
For a little while, it’s almost as if the last two years never happened. Dean is affectionate and happy, and it’s contagious in a way Castiel hadn’t expected. The first time Castiel came to Jo’s birthday, he had been Dean’s favorite dance partner, and this still proves true, even though Castiel has to push Dean away once, for getting just a little too frisky. Dean shrugs this off easily, without even having to be told what he did wrong, and Castiel loves him all the more for it.
“If she’s anything like you, I’m sure I will,” Castiel responds with a smile. He’s expecting her to leave, now that she has her order, but she simply sets it aside and leans forward over the table.
secluded out there in the woods,” Dean teases, “but there weren’t any dragons guarding you, so unfortunately, it looks like you’re not a damsel in distress, and we’re not living a fairy tale.”
“Nah,” Dean answers softly. “I don’t have a lot of choices as far as mating goes.” Which, honestly, isn’t that far from the truth. Dean can fight it as much as he wants, but if John chooses a mate for him, then that’s that.
Something aches in Dean’s chest, niggling in his brain, and by now he’s just really sick of not understanding what’s happening in his own head.
? The first time Dean and Lisa went on a date to the movie theater had been to some Amanda Bynes atrocity, and Lisa had actually been annoyed that Dean still paid more attention to the movie than to her. He can’t help it. His brain soaks up the information like a sponge, and then it wants to pass everything along and ensure everyone else has the same experience he does. Is that so wrong? To want Cas to
Michael nods slowly, still smiling that game-show-host smile as he puts a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and guides him further into the room. “Mother mentioned that she had overheard some things that gave her pause, and she wanted me to come speak with you.”
Mary points a warning finger at him, then pokes him in the chest. “Smartass,” she repeats, then opens her palm, waiting. Castiel cringes, trying to wait her out, but eventually she raises an expectant eyebrow, and he sighs and gives in, pulling his phone out of his pocket and scrolling through his contacts until he finds his mother’s cell.
Pam plucks the card out of his fingers. “Yup. This is a great card for you, by the way.” She grins again as she sets it back into place. Dean frowns, confused.
“No problem. I have one question.” Dean shifts in the seat, lifting Castiel’s hand to distractedly play with his fingers. “It’s a doozy.”
Dean stares at the plate, assaulted by the smell until his stomach rolls, and he gently pushes it away. “Not hungry,” he says softly.
It’s Castiel’s turn to blush, and he’s not sure why this is so stilted and awkward, but he’s less worried about it than he would have been a couple of days ago. It’s slow, but they’re figuring this out, and Dean’s way of doing things seems to be to trust Castiel with the reins. It works, because Castiel trusts Dean more when he’s allowed to be the one in control.
“Dad!” he says, cutting off the deep-voiced man on the other line, “Dad, Cas is here, did you want to say hi?”
Dean raises his eyebrows, but when he takes a step forward, Castiel takes a few back, holding up his hands to keep a distance between them. The last thing he needs right now is to be weak again, and letting Dean touch him would just lead to forgiving him. Dean glances at Castiel’s outstretched arms and sighs, his shoulders slumping.
Dean smiles softly and runs a hand through Castiel’s hair. “When I was, like, seven or eight, I was playing in a tee-ball game. Sam was too little to join, so he was playing on the playground nearby, and Mom was trying to keep an eye on him while also cheering for me.” He huffs, eyes skyward as he draws this moment out of his memory. “She took her eyes off him for just a little too long, and he fell off of the jungle gym, flat on his back.” Dean imitates the sound of skin hitting dirt, and Castiel winces in sympathy for poor little Sam. “Got the wind knocked out of him, and scared the shit out of him, which just made it worse.” Dean laughs again and shakes his head. “I can still remember his red face, with the tears running down his cheeks, but he wasn’t making any noise.”
to be with him, and moments like this make it difficult to remind himself that there is more to this situation than just Dean and Castiel and the feelings they have for each other. Moments like this make it seem simple.
Sam trails off, but Castiel can picture it. He’s seen it before, once or twice. How Dean’s eyes go distant, like he’s staring at something no one else can see, before they go hollow and fearful, then hidden behind a hand as Dean tries to pull himself back just enough to walk away.
“Why are you telling me this?” Castiel says softly. His palms are laid out flat on the table, his chin lifted so he can meet each girl’s eyes. “Why am I being made into the bad guy?”
“So rude,” Jo teases, dropping her apron on the table. Benny is next to her, folding his apron up before he sets it aside. “I
“What?” Castiel is only partially paying attention, focusing instead on the television, and trying to figure out how to respond to Dean’s text.
“You deserve better,” Dean murmurs into Castiel’s shoulder, pulling away when the door creaks open. Sam hands the sketchbook to Dean, then quickly steals another hug from Castiel while Dean flips through it.
They are hopeless. The song fades out on a harmony, and Castiel lets himself cling to Dean for just a few more seconds, afraid of what will happen if he lets himself actually look at Dean, if he lets himself believe that Dean means those words. Dean’s hands rest in the small of his back, and Castiel catches himself pressing small, reverent kisses against Dean’s jaw. Maybe they don’t have to say anything. Of course Dean meant it. Of course he loves Castiel. And Castiel loves him.
you’ve got going on, they’re wrong.” He chuckles again, eyes directed skyward. “I know this sounds weird, but I probably know what Dean’s feeling better than he does. Or at least better than he could explain. And I want to share that with you.”
“We saw this kid getting ganged up on,” Castiel interjects, and Jody turns to him in surprise. “A couple of big guys had him, and Dean stepped in to help.”
“That’s the Cas I wanna see,” Dean says, taking Castiel’s hand and intertwining their fingers. “Rebellious little shit with an innocent face, I love it.”
“Just go shower!” She waves her hands at him now, and when he doesn’t move, she descends upon him, pulling and pushing and threatening to get their mother from downstairs before Castiel finally relents and does as she asks.
Hell, maybe Dean could have realized his feelings for Cas earlier, talked him out of dating Meg, and welcomed him with a kiss.
Lisa laughs, squeezing Jo’s hands before gently pushing her away. “I could probably put up with the music, but let’s face it: there’s no way my dad is letting me go to
Whatever this place is, it’s so white and soft that it might as well be a cloud. Maybe it’s Dean’s heaven. Sure seems like heaven, with Lisa spread out on silky sheets beneath him, smiling and humming and sighing as he presses his fingers into her bronzed skin, and uses his tongue to further explore the place between her thighs. She tastes less sour now, almost sweet, and Dean could probably live his whole life right here, die happy with her hands in his hair as she softly moans his name and rolls her hips against his movements.
Castiel blushes and lowers his head as well. He’d let his anger get the better of him, and that’s unacceptable. He knows better, he knows how to control his emotions and keep them tucked away. “I’m sorry,” he mumbles.
“Hey!” Sam snaps, and Castiel feels a sudden rush of affection at the boy’s adorable pout. “Dean and I have only been here for a year, and you’re always telling us we don’t count as locals yet!”
“No. Nope, not gonna hear it.” Sam grins again, bouncing into the couch, clearly excited. “You can buy art supplies with it. Pencils and pens and maybe paints! Sure, they won’t be good ones, but everybody’s gotta start somewhere.” When Dean tries to protest again, Sam dramatically rolls his eyes, sighing. “Dean. I don’t want you to end up like Dad.”
Cas is spread out next to him on the bed, still in his pajamas, and he carefully nudges Dean with his foot before asking, “What are you gonna do about Lisa?”
I'm in the process of outlining part 4, and I still really want to write it for NaNo, but I won't be able to give a good idea of a posting date until I get the outline done. Keep an eye on the
Castiel ducks his head, rubbing the back of his neck in embarrassment. Dean laughs and nudges him with an elbow. “Like a prince, huh? Good practice.”
Charlie rolls her eyes and plucks the case from his hands, hugging it protectively against her chest. “A magical place I like to call,
But Dean is off, pleading with her, talking about the bills he has to pay and how he can’t afford to go back to court or to lose his car, while Jody counters that he should’ve thought of all that before bringing Castiel up here like the whole damn town can’t hear this monster of a car wherever it goes.
He slips past Hannah as she stutters an apology, borrowing her candle to light the lanterns around the room, then closing the shutters on the window. “I wasn’t thinking how this visit might look,” Hannah mumbles, putting her hands behind her back. “I apologize.”
“You’re back one day and already causing trouble?” Dean finally says, grabbing a chair from an unoccupied table and dragging it over to the booth his friends have claimed. Cas is up in an instant, his smile huge and brilliant as he wraps his arms around Dean’s shoulders. Dean returns the hug, squeezing hard around Cas’s ribs and slapping him on the back as they pull apart. Cas is taller than Dean now, though only by an inch, and Dean’s pretty sure he felt a light scrape of stubble on his cheek when they embraced.
Castiel turns to glare at Bela, but she just winks at him, and drags a hand across his back as she passes him. “I’m guessing you’ll be busy the rest of the summer,” she says, with a not-quite-subtle
“Of course. I wouldn’t say it if I didn’t mean it.” Their eyes meet, and silence falls as they look at each other curiously, sussing one another out. Castiel can’t believe that Dean could possibly be so insecure about his talent, that he’s never shown his drawings to anyone outside his family before. Dean seems to be hesitant to believe Castiel’s praise, but is slowly warming to the idea, if the growing smile on his face is any indication.
When they cross the treeline again, back into open space, there’s nobody else in sight. Dean just sighs and starts leading Castiel back to the sidewalk. They’re not touching now, and Castiel isn’t sure if it’s because they’re both capable of moving without help, or because of the kiss. A little voice keeps whispering in his head, little worries, little fears, and Castiel suddenly grips Dean’s forearm.
“He’s not coming,” She says, reaching over to intertwine her fingers with Gilda’s. “But Meg wants to get out, and he said she’ll probably bring Bela.”
“Um,” Cas hesitates, and Dean closes his eyes and sits back, anticipating the words that follow: “Is Dean there?”
The immature part of Castiel wants to drag his feet and never say a word about the hugely embarrassing encounters, but he pushes that down, pretends his heart isn’t racing as he fumbles off of Dean’s lap. Dean watches as Castiel settles back against the seat, then reaches over to take one of Castiel’s hands. “So what are we doing?” Dean prompts.
No kidding. As much as Dean doesn't want Cas to go, as buoyed as he is by what just happened, he's a little lost and frightened too. He wants Cas, wants to be with Cas, but at the same time, he can't quite figure out how that would work. Even if Cas stayed until August, he'd have to go back to school eventually, and then what? Break up or try to make a long-distance relationship work? Either option sucks.
Charlie jerks the book out of his hands with a fierce glare, which only makes Dean break out in a grin. He’s been good, keeping her secret until she tells him not to, but it’s hard to resist teasing her sometimes. Besides, Lisa is slapping his shoulder and calling him a perv, so obviously he’s the one who comes off looking bad.
Dean wraps an arm around Castiel’s shoulders, holding him close. Castiel takes a breath and rings his own arms around Dean’s waist, tilting his face until Dean’s neck is fit against the curve of Castiel’s nose and forehead. It’s quiet, and Castiel’s racing thoughts start to calm when faced with the comfort of Dean’s proximity. Dean’s fingers clutch at Castiel’s shirt, like he’s seeking security too, and Castiel exhales slowly, eyes closed.
Castiel fidgets for a moment, then tosses his stick away before leaning into Dean’s shoulder. “Bela told me tonight, if I play my cards right, I might get lucky.”
But Dean’s pretty sure Charlie’s plan worked; after everyone had to push him to kiss Cas, he’s ensured that the spotlight stays on him. Even as Jo blushes pink, from her scalp to her neck, as Charlie smiles bashfully before leaning in to kiss her, the catcalling is friendly in nature. Victor snaps, “See that, Winchester?
“Sort of?” Castiel hurries to get a few stretches in, though he already knows that he’s risking some pain, running that far after sitting stiff for so long. “My brother will be furious if he finds out I was gone all night.” Not just gone, but hanging out with townie kids. “God, but he’ll already be up getting ready, and I just-”
“It’s not fair for you to have a monopoly over him, you know,” she says. “I know you’ve got the Golden Dick or whatever, but he has other friends that want to see him.”
“Think about calling Missouri,” Sam says again, softer this time, as Dean sets the bowl on the couch and stands up. “It might be good for both of us.”
"Put your number in there. I'll text you after I get a couple hours sleep, and we can figure out when to hang out again."
“If I have things that I want to say to Castiel, I’m gonna say them.” Victor puts enough pressure on Castiel’s shoulder that he folds into a seated position on the driftwood, and Victor quickly does the same, caging him in. “Dean can bitch all he wants-”
Dean rolls his eyes. “That again? There are lots of things Charlie doesn’t know about me. You know that.”
“Good,” John echoes. Then he sighs, like he realizes how awkward this is and doesn’t know what to do about it. Dean has a few ideas on how to fix it, but he doesn’t want to cause trouble, or drive John away again. Sam works hard enough at that anyway.
She’s smiling, her eyes glowing with gratitude, but all Castiel can see is red. Blood red on silk sheets and lacey curtains, the sharp scents of violence and omega fear and distress. Red on his hands, his breath coming short, his heart pounding in his ears and drowning out the sound of screams. The red of Anna’s hair as he yells at her to go and not look back, as he guides a group of skinny, frightened omegas out into open air. There’s red everywhere, the night sky tinted red, and Castiel’s not sure what happened but the omegas disappeared while his ears were ringing, and-
!” He lifts his head, and now Aaron is the one who looks wary, no more amusement in his eyes. “You’d let him use you like that? This doesn’t… it doesn’t sound
“They’ve already warned you twice,” Dean answers, his voice low and almost unrecognizable. “No such thing as a free party.”
But this is a complicated situation, and Castiel isn’t sure he’s capable of telling the story yet. Especially not to someone who was, only a few nights ago, attempting to convince him to leave Dean behind for the sake of the family business.
“And it’s not like Dean would go to school anyway,”  Charlie continues with a roll of her eyes. “Especially not as far away as Chicago.”
Castiel smiles a little wider. He wants to tell Gabe what he realized the other day, how he was so happy he felt like bursting when they spent an hour or so just chatting with Missouri, and how proud he was when Dean escorted them both back up to his little studio and Missouri’s eyes got misty when she saw his ever-developing mural.
Dean hangs up and puts the phone back in its cradle. He rubs a hand over his face and through his hair before opening the kitchen doors-- and walking right into Sam.
“I don’t hate you,” Cas whispers fiercely. While Dean was busy talking, Cas had moved his hand to grip Dean’s wrist in return, his other hand reaching up to clutch at Dean’s shoulder. “Don’t you ever think that.”
Chuck appears a few minutes later, dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, and Castiel stands to follow his father out to the parking lot. Chuck blinks at him, then shakes his head.
Dean nods. “It’s probably not as fancy as you’re used to, but Sonny said we got a table looking out at the water, so we’ll be able to watch the sunset.” He glances at Castiel, clearing his throat before reaching over to slide their fingers together, gently gripping Castiel’s hand. “It’ll be nice. Right?”
“The Cas I used to know would have let himself be angry at me. We would’ve fought it out and gotten over it. He’s being far too forgiving of his mother, he used to call her on her shit.”
Castiel scowls at her and scuffs his heels in the dirt. “My life doesn’t revolve around Dean,” he says snippily. “And I mean, it’s not like he couldn’t find an art school to go to in Chicago. I shouldn’t have to make all the sacrifices-”
Lisa goes quiet again. A little ways away, Bela rolls her eyes and turns her head to watch Alastair signal Dean to wrap it up.
“Thank you,” Dean says, and feels his cheeks heating up over how utterly sincere he sounds, but Cas just laughs softly.
Castiel spends the day with Anna, letting her tell him everything about all the music she listens to. It all runs together at some point: The Killers, Kanye West, Green Day, Fall Out Boy… and in the end, it only makes him think that his little sister would get along well with Jo, probably Sam and Sarah too, and that just makes him ache inside.
“Don’t,” Dean murmurs back, and that’s enough. A part of Castiel is sure that, when he draws back, Dean’s lips purposely brush against his cheek, but he refuses to acknowledge the fluttering warmth in his chest at the thought, and thus refuses to meet Dean’s gaze again.
“He said something about dating Bela, and I was afraid she’d take advantage of him,” Dean answers quietly, unsure of how else to put it. “He didn’t like that much, and it turns out he’s not actually interested in her, so it doesn’t matter anyway.”
“Every day,” Castiel promises. “And, you can use your new computer to message me on Facebook, and MySpace. And if you download Skype, we can videochat.”
Lisa blinks at him, tugging her ponytail tight, then dropping her hands to her lap. “No. Should I be?”
“Don’t worry about it, Cas.” And Dean’s a little surprised at how relaxed he sounds. He balances his phone between his shoulder and his ear as he pulls his boxers up. “Text me the visitor code and I’ll be there soon, okay?”
“You’re avoiding Dean again,” Anna barrels forward. “I’d ask you what happened, but I kind of don’t care, because the real problem is you and Dean are always running away from each other instead of talking about your problems.”
interrupt me.” Naomi lifts her chin, tightening her jaw. “The issue at hand is not what you have or haven’t done. Why would Anna say such a thing unless she had reason to believe it could be true? That’s all I want you to say. Tell me the truth.”
Castiel looks at the drawing for a moment longer, then refolds it and tucks it safely in one of the pockets of his backpack. He pulls out his phone and scrolls through the pictures he’s taken, reliving his trip in reverse, his smile growing with each image.
Castiel has to take a moment to think about it. 'Nerd' and 'geek' are words his brothers and classmates would apply to him, but not that he would necessarily apply to himself. Especially now that he's taken to track so well. "I like math," he says thoughtfully, “and literature.”
He’s a surprisingly affectionate alpha, Dean discovers, as they wait for the knot to go down. Dean usually likes this part well enough, the conversation and getting to be close to someone, but Castiel takes it to an entirely different level. He grooms Dean’s hair and scents him and kisses his skin and never asks for permission, but Dean doesn’t really mind. He’d say so if he did. He’d think it’s some weird sort of alpha instinct, except none of the other alphas Dean’s been with have been like this, so maybe it’s just Castiel.
. “I’ve heard about you,” Castiel says. “It’s nice to finally meet you. You’ve helped Dean quite a bit.”
Staying up so late turns out to be a mistake when Sam takes a flying leap onto the pull-out bed on Christmas morning, brutally waking Dean and Castiel with his weight and elbows and knees, and cheerfully ignoring their complaints to say, “It’s time to make breakfast,
Aaron smirks, rolling his eyes. “I never had any delusions about what was going on with me and Dean. I knew from the day I met him that he was head over heels in love with some other dude.”
He’s dragged from his thoughts when his vision is suddenly obscured, and he shakes his head in surprise only to feel strong hands ruffling his hair.
“Then what is it?” Dean shifts and gently nudges Cas’s arm, smiling wide and cheerful. “C’mon, man, after all we’ve been through, you can trust me.”
Which honestly just blows Dean’s mind. Meg is nothing like Lisa. She’s brash and sarcastic and full of stupid movie references that Cas probably doesn’t get. Hell, she’s more like
As soon as they're gone, someone digs their finger into Dean's ribs, and he yelps, turning around to glare at Charlie and Gilda, who are both gaping at him.
“What’s so funny?” Cas asks softly, his breath hitching as Dean presses feather-light kisses to his neck.
“That’s what Altoids are for,” Castiel says seriously. Dean blinks, processing that statement, before a grin spreads across his face, wide and cocky.
Dean nods quickly, which makes Lisa smile. She puts a hand on Dean’s arm, guiding him back towards the bed. Cas looks up as they approach, his wings twitching, eyes sparking with electricity, and it reels Dean in. He can’t look away, even as he crawls onto the bed, as Lisa gently draws a hand down his spine.
They’ve been dating for a few months now, so kissing is familiar. Lisa is pliant and warm beneath Dean’s hands, and when she cups his jaw, deepens the kiss, Dean’s stomach drops out and his dick twitches in his jeans. They haven’t done anything like that yet - they’re both virgins, and Lisa admitted early on that she was afraid of being taken advantage of. Dean admired her from afar for over a year, is ecstatic that she even looked at him when he finally worked up the courage to talk to her, let alone accepted his invitation to the movies on a Saturday night. But he gets it. There are creeps out there, guys who want to seduce a girl, then sully her name while never talking to her again. Dean’s not like that, but he understands that he’ll have to prove that to Lisa first.
This information shines a whole new light on Meg that almost makes Dean feel bad for her, but he sets that aside, choosing to focus on the rest of it, on how Cas feels about Dean. Without looking away from Cas’s face, Dean slowly moves his hand until his palm is pressed flat against Cas’s, their wrists crossed. Cas blinks, his cheeks starting to color, but he doesn’t look away, even as Dean carefully intertwines their fingers, squeezing gently. Dean’s heart is racing, and he takes a deep, shaky breath.
When Dean invited Cas over for a Batman movie marathon, he fully expected Meg to be hanging off Cas’s arm, ready to help drive them further apart. He had mentally prepared himself for that, even lining up a few ‘playful’ insults to toss back at her should the need arise.
Dean exhales in a rush and hurries to power his phone down, sticking it back in his pocket, then leaning against the wall to try and catch his breath, try and ease all the anxiety in his head.
Forget? Forget what, a half-hearted promise a self-absorbed princess made weeks ago? Honestly, Castiel thought she was the one who had forgotten about him. “I… no. I just. Didn’t realize how late it was,” he stammers, pushing himself off the couch. “I’ll go change. Sorry.”
to his chest, and loosens his grip, embarrassed. Dean doesn’t seem to have noticed; he’s turned back to his sketchbook, dark lines creating circles and squares, the outline of another masterpiece.
He’s right. They’ve just had a beautiful evening together, something they’ll both remember forever. Dragging everything else into it, insisting on even more apologies, would just taint it. Tonight was a big step away from everything else - even the sweet little dates they went on before Castiel’s freak out weren’t like this. Those were a floaty sort of happiness, dancing on clouds while still afraid of falling.
Dean dozes with Castiel’s hands in his hair, unable to tell if the purr vibrating through his chest is coming from him or the alpha. The sun is warm and the grass is soft, and Dean could stay here forever, comfortable and loved on.
Dean growls again, immediately attempting to push back against Castiel’s weight, but Castiel catches him, pins him again, and bites at the nape of his neck. It’s not hard, mostly a warning, but Dean stills anyway. “What’s my name?” Castiel murmurs against Dean’s skin.
Castiel can’t take it anymore. Dean’s eyes are shining, and his lower lip is trembling even as he smiles and Castiel reaches over to cup his jaw, just to touch him, to give him
“What would you talk to her about?” Dean asks carefully. Cas’s eyes dart sideways, landing on Jo for a second, before coming back to Dean.
Cas fondly shakes his head, putting a hand on his hip and looking back at the Roadhouse. “My teammates like victory parties, so I ended up going to one or two of those, but I’m not a fan of drinking or the drunk.” His eyes dart towards Dean, and for a brief second, Dean’s afraid Cas is going to ask the questions he doesn’t want to answer. But the moment passes quickly. “Balthazar had a pretty decent collection of films, though, so he helped you guys in your cause to educate me.”
“Sure. Mother’s back on tour with Uncle Zach, and Michael’s in Portland for the week. It’s just Gabe, Anna, and me.” When they reach the second door, back on the twelfth floor, Cas turns and grins at him, toothy and pleased. “We can order breakfast and watch a movie in the morning.”
Castiel dozes off in the garden, but when Impala whinnies and startles him awake, it’s still dark. The stars have moved, so it must have been at least an hour or two, but he could have used a little more sleep. He turns to glare at the horse, but she nickers in annoyance, tossing her head.
Castiel can feel Dean's eyes on him, but he doesn't turn away from Michael; that would only make things worse. "I know, I'm sorry, we just... We just needed a break."
There are people watching them. They’re subtle, but Castiel can still tell. He’s sure that most of them know exactly who he is, and once it occurs to him that he and Dean are supposed to be staying under the radar, he can’t help himself. As soon as the elevator doors
fault, not Hannah’s. Even with the way John treats Dean, Hannah is definitely treated better here than she was back in Cielo. She’s the prince’s healer! Quite a step up from the work she used to do.
It’s 3:59 P.M. and Castiel is sitting in his rental car, staring at his hands. He’s parked on the street near the garage, and trying to convince himself to just leave. There’s no point to this. They’ll just end up fighting again and Castiel has really had all he can take of fighting, so it’s better just to lock himself away in the hotel room until his friends take the hint and stop trying to force this to work.
None of this makes Castiel any more sure of their potential future together. But it does make him realize that it’s ridiculous to think that Dean looks at anyone as simply a ‘notch in a bedpost.’ What that means for his other partners, Castiel doesn’t know, but at least he knows that he’s not unimportant.
“Go back to bed,” Castiel says stiffly, tucking himself into the corner of the couch so he can text Dean back.
Finally, she lifts her chin and gives up a cocky little half-smile. “You tell me, Dean,” she says. “I mean, he was your boyfriend first.”
“I texted your friend, so he knows what’s going on and why you’ve been M.I.A.” When Castiel’s eyebrows fly up, Gabriel laughs. “He was blowing up your phone and threatening to call the cops. Michael asked me to deal with it so he’d leave us alone.”
to Cas about last summer, but is too afraid of losing him to actually do so. He’s terrified this whole situation is just going to drag him back into that same dark place he was last summer, and is flailing in the water trying to keep that from happening. And always,
Dean nods and closes his eyes. They’re alone on the street at this time of night, but Castiel gently grips Dean’s shoulder anyway, to guide him, just in case. “When we got here,” Dean says, “Sam immediately ran into trouble with Ruby. He’s a cute, innocent kid, y’know, just wants to make friends and kick a ball around, and Ruby’s there at the park watching him. She’s my age, so it seemed kinda harmless, until her creepy friends start joining her. Azazel was the one who approached him, and I’m on the other side of the field talking to Jo, so I don’t know what all was said. I just saw some fucking teenager pushing my brother and laughing at him.”
what I want!” Castiel snaps, digging his fingers into the sand by his hips, just for something to hold on to. “I just don’t want it like
Dean shrinks a little, his eyes darting towards the window, then the floor, where he shuffles his feet uncomfortably. “Even after this?” he mumbles.
Dean raises his eyebrows, and in the last light of the setting sun, Castiel can see the way Dean’s cheeks change color, as he clears his throat and turns away. “How do you know I’m not?”
Castiel stands up so fast, it sends his chair off-balance, clattering to the floor. The noise grabs Dean and Aaron’s attention, and they both turn to look at Castiel in surprise. Aaron immediately shrinks back, taking a few steps away from Dean, but he’s not the one Castiel is angry with. No, Castiel is absolutely furious with
Of course he has. Dean’s never told anyone about those weird dreams, and if he did, Cas would be the last person he’d want to know about them.
Sam rolls his eyes yet again. “Well, he keeps waffling back and forth on whether or not he wants to go, but if he goes, he wants me to go with him. I don’t want to spend a whole summer in stupid, boring Kansas with stupid Dad and his new, stupid family.”
“I was on my way to the tennis courts when I saw you out here and decided to come say hello.” She grins brightly and gives him a cheeky wave. “Hello. Why are you wearing a date shirt?”
“I won’t. I think I just didn’t trust you before.” Dean looks up at him again, and Castiel traces the lines of his face with his fingers. “That’s more reflective of me than of you. I think I don’t really trust anyone. Not enough to feel comfortable being open with them.”
At least, until summer green eyes framed by damp lashes start to swim through his mind. Then, that barbed, heavy guilt returns to his chest.
Dean’s heart twists, which is also weird, because despite how awkward he feels regarding his dream, Dean doesn’t want Cas to
“Hey, hey, it’s Sheriff Mills when I’m on duty. C’mon, I let you guys hang out after curfew, the least you could do is try not to leave the tourists wondering if we host teenage orgies after dark.” Jody gestures at the rest of the kids, still untangling themselves. Castiel helps Dean up, then they both help Pam, while Charlie remains stubbornly seated in the sand. “At least you’re all clothed. You weren’t drinking were you?” She eyes Dean suspiciously, and he huffs in irritation before kneeling to help Pam start folding up the blankets. Jo goes to help them, Charlie watching unhelpfully, so Castiel steps in, clearing his throat.
Anger, boiling and electric, rips through Castiel, and he pulls away from his mother. “How would you know?” He demands, and Naomi draws back, surprise in her eyes. Dean is watching him too, almost curious. “So he’s got holes in his jeans, so what? So his mother works three jobs to support him and his brother, how is she any different from you?” Naomi’s jaw tightens, but Castiel plows forward before she can cut him off. “You’re never here! The only reason you ever come around for longer than a few hours is if something’s wrong! At least Mary is there and easy to find when Dean and Sam need her.”
Jo cocks an eyebrow. Castiel stares at Dean instead, wondering when they became close enough to be this tactile. They’ve only  known each other a few hours, but Dean is acting like they’ve been friends for years. Then Castiel remembers that Jo and Charlie had been touchy as well: Jo had hooked their arms together, Charlie had felt no qualms about hitting him, hadn’t shied away from how close he was sitting. Maybe that’s just what people are like outside the stuffy confines of boarding school. So when Jo moves towards him, hugs him tight enough to make him grunt, he lets her do so, and even manages to smile when she eyes him.
They leave soon after. Mary catches sight of the small children as they’re on their way out the door, and comments that this would have been a lot more fun if Sam and Castiel had been that age.
“Mary is bringing me something,” Castiel responds, wincing internally at the coldness of his tone. He tries again, “How’s the coffee?”
I am! I don’t even know if I had real romantic feelings for Meg, or if I just wanted to please her and our parents and be
“Yes I do,” Dean answers, just as soft. “Dad’s child support payments are still unpredictable, and Mom needs help with the bills. I’m the man of the house, I need to help her, and I need to help Sam.”
Castiel’s tongue tests out the waters again, surprising a moan out of Dean, but this time it’s accompanied by a pair of long fingers that slip into Dean’s hole like they were made for the job. Castiel hums, clearly pleased by how easily Dean adjusts to the intrusion, and Dean gasps for air and tries to push back for more, because this is not enough.
Dean stops, dropping his feet to the ground and twisting to watch as Cas slides off the seat. “Can I walk you to your room?”
showing up at a party where I was drunk as fuck, where all my friends were, that's for my own good?!"
There’s posters everywhere, mostly hard rock bands with names that Castiel only recognizes because Dean and Jo like to fight about them. A few movie posters as well, and Castiel stops by the overloaded bookshelf when he realizes that black and white Batman mini-poster is hand-drawn. “Did you draw this?”
Dean makes a little noise, annoyed and pouty, but he turns his head and snuffles against Castiel’s neck, scenting him again. Castiel revels in it, and pretends he doesn’t.
“Just a few minutes,” Bela promises, slipping an arm through Castiel’s and dragging him back towards the hotel.
Castiel hesitates, then figures, what’s the worst that could happen? He does as she asks, watching patiently as she putters around the kitchen, filling the tea kettle and putting it on the stove. “Did you want a cup?” she asks politely, and Castiel nods. “Chamomile okay? I’m guessing you’ll want to go back to sleep too.”
“I wanted to apologize for last night,” Bela says, glancing at Castiel, then clearing her throat when he gapes at her. “Don’t look at me like that, I mean it. I thought you knew what Dean was like, so I didn’t think a fight night would bother you.”
Sam raises his eyebrows as Dean takes the seat next to him, then smiles. “Spongebob. You can change it if you want.”
But Dean is grinning despite Castiel’s glare, and after a moment, Castiel can’t help laughing. Soon, they’re both laid out on their backs, giggling alone in the woods, and every time their eyes meet, the giggles start anew. It’s pleasant and it’s comfortable, and Castiel briefly wonders if the others are waiting for them, but then Dean is sitting up again.
“Yeah.” And Dean has to look at his brother, because with just that one syllable, Sam’s given away the game. “What?”
Despite that, here he is, standing on a rooftop at Dean’s little handmade prom, daydreaming about the future even though their past hasn’t exactly been smooth sailing. But, he thinks as he carefully threads his fingers through Dean’s, maybe that’s a kind of strength too.
“At least.” Dean empties his cup, then pours a little more, ignoring the way Lisa’s eyebrows lift. “Depends on how much they pay, but sometimes he provides food, entertainment, even a location.” When he first got involved in this endeavour, it was just buying the liquor and selling it for a higher price to kids too young to get it on their own. Then it evolved, as Alastair came up with new ideas and new prices and found new kids to sell to. Having Dean fight some wasted teenager and charging other wasted teenagers to watch, that’s just the newest product on the line.
“I know that too.” Castiel shrugs, keeping his expression neutral. Next to him, Dean is opening his mouth to speak, his nose wrinkled with frustration, so Castiel talks before he can: “The story is more complicated than any of you know, however. That’s why I’m honestly a little tired of everyone else trying to stick their nose into it.”
No, he wallowed in anger, self-pity and fear before being guilted into calling Dean and allowing himself to fall into that blissful infatuation all over again, where he can pretend to forget about Aaron and all the rest of their baggage. But Castiel keeps his face neutral, and nods. Dean juts his lower lip out, a thoughtful expression on his face. “That’s interesting. I always thought of you as a big picture person, while I’m the one who tunnel visions on one or two details.”
Dean shudders, and when Lisa removes her hands, he’s assaulted by that blue gaze once again, trapped in it, all the more so because Cas is situated between Dean’s thighs, smiling that mischievous smile as he skims his palms over Dean’s stomach, sweeps them back down to his thighs. The wings go up, inexplicably huge, covering the three of them like a canopy as Cas presses a kiss just below Dean’s navel.
And Castiel does, watching as Dean walks towards a door hidden under crimson paint, his boots echoing heavy on the wooden floor. Castiel smiles to himself, leaning back against the window frame as he turns to watch the ocean, waves crashing under a bright blue sky. It is a beautiful day, and behind the buildings across the street, he can see tiny figures playing in the sand. Maybe, once they’re done here, he can talk Dean into heading down to the beach for a while.
“I’m fine,” Castiel says quietly, smiling when Dean turns to look at him. “We don’t need to be attached at the hip, you know.”
That tears it. “The Cas I know wouldn’t have been so compliant about dating you,” Dean snaps, “especially when his mother wanted to use you both as a marketing scheme. He would’ve broken up with you on the spot.”
“Dammit, Charlie,” Dean snaps, straightening himself back up and closing his sketchbook. “What the hell was that for?”
Dean catches himself. He closes his eyes and rubs his temples and takes a few deep breaths, clearing his mind and reminding himself that he needs to clean the downstairs bathroom when he gets home. Start with the toilet, then the sink, the mirrors, organize the cabinet, set out matching towels...
Castiel isn’t even sure where to begin with that. He had recognized the differences between himself and Kyriel, but it was surprising to learn that Dean could see them so clearly too. Though, what does he mean, ‘best parts?’ Castiel is dying to know what Dean thinks his ‘best parts’ are, but it seems rude to ask. He realizes that he’s clutched
Dean pointedly turns back to the screen with a shrug. “She’s rich, he’s poor. Tale as old as time. Not that hard to figure out.”
“Cas,” Dean says, and that soft, gentle tone just makes Castiel’s hackles rise again. “Come on. Aaron was never my boyfriend.”
Castiel knows an awful lot about heats for an alpha, and Dean is curious as to how he learned it all. It’s true, Dean’s heat should peak today, and when it does, it’ll be a rough few hours that he probably won’t remember because his instincts will take over. Castiel being within scenting distance has already dragged some embarrassing moments out of Dean, and it’ll only be worse once he peaks. Gods forbid Castiel get within touching distance. And who knows how Castiel’s instincts will react? He’s been good so far, and he does know a lot about heats and how to treat an omega dealing with one, but the whole point of this cycle is to make healthy pups. Dean’s instincts might bring out Castiel’s, and if that happens, they’re really in trouble.
It’s Mary who saves him. She hums contentedly and sets her spoon down, smiling brightly. She reminds Castiel of Dean in that moment, and moreso when she speaks: “I hope the castle isn’t too confusing for you? I know this must be quite a change from where you were before.”
“Stop fooling around,” Azazel snaps, practically pushing the boy into Dean’s space. “We have a deal.”
His chest feels heavy when he makes the mistake of glancing at Cas and Meg. Even though the song pumping out of Jo’s speakers is poppy and fast-paced, the Couple of the Year is treating it like a slow dance, their foreheads pressed together as they sway in a circle. It’s like a train wreck, so even as Dean feels bile rising in his throat, he can’t look away from the pretty picture they make together. Meg looks almost soft and pliant, tucked in Cas’s arms that way, with a small smile barely visible on her lips as Cas speaks to her, something Dean can’t hear.
But Lisa makes Dean feel good too. She’s forgiven Dean for more than most girls would, and cares about him enough to cry over him when he fucks up. She’s smart and funny, and Dean’s never really tried to rely on her the way he relies on Cas, but he’s sure she’d be just as supportive and helpful.
“Everyone’s a little in love with Dean,” Victor says smoothly. Dean blinks in surprise, turning to look at Victor with an eyebrow raised. Victor just smirks and keeps his eyes straight ahead.
“Yes,” Castiel says, confidence glowing from the slant of his shoulders and the pride in his eyes. “He is.”
Castiel huffs, and makes a swipe at his brow with the back of his hand. The rain keeps pouring down and his entire body is soaked, so he doesn’t know why he bothered to do so. This is what old people mean when they talk about the arrogance of youth, he’s pretty sure. Just because he’s a first place finisher, that doesn’t mean he can beat Mother Nature.
Dean takes a moment to fidget, glancing around as if to ensure they’re alone. “Now, if Bela kisses you, it doesn’t have to be your first.”
Lisa makes a soft noise and pulls her hand out of Dean’s grip, smiling weakly when he glances at her. “You okay?” she asks, reaching over to put her hand on Dean’s shoulder. “You’ve got that twitch in your jaw going, like you’re mad about something.”
Mary stops then, dropping her hand back to the counter. She turns to look at Castiel, and smiles wryly. “Look at me, doing it again. I shouldn’t be dumping this on you. You’re too young to have to help me bear the weight of my problems.”
And just like that, the whole world falls away, and all Castiel knows is star-dusted freckles and summer green eyes and the way his heart swells and his veins buzz and his stomach lifts like he’s on a rollercoaster. Dean is glowing, pleased with his surprise, and he laughs into Castiel’s mouth when their lips meet.
Dean grins as Mary leaves a kiss between Castiel’s eyes, and the alpha takes a deep breath, lines of confusion still lingering on his forehead. “It’s a pleasure to meet you,” he manages to say, running a hand through his hair and ruining all of Jess’s hard work. “I’m sorry it had-”
The car purrs happily as they arrive back in Sileas, but the silence stretches between them, taut and tense. Dean has his chin angled downwards, obviously deep in thought, but Castiel can’t figure out if he’s angry or disappointed. This is half of what Castiel was afraid of in the first place. He had applied and been accepted to Oregon State, but his mother had convinced him to go to Northwestern because it was her alma mater, though she had promised that he could get his graduate degree wherever he wanted. Sure, that’s four years from now, but if he and Dean do decide to pursue this relationship, at least Castiel can give Dean something concrete to look forward to.
“You’re such a good alpha,” Dean mumbles into the blankets. The hands on his back pause, just for a moment, before digging in even deeper, and yup, that’s definitely an alpha purr going on back there. Dean smiles to himself and shifts his shoulderblades. “Taking care of your omega like this, look how satisfied I am thanks to you-” He cuts himself off with a yelp when Castiel pinches the soft flesh below his ribs. “What the-?”
Castiel shares a brief, exasperated look with his little sister before she turns back to the television, and he attempts to return to his book.
“Who is it, then?” Dean snaps. He doesn’t pull his hand away, and Lisa’s smile falls. She doesn’t say anything for a moment, just rubs her thumb over Dean’s knuckles.
“I want to have sex with you tonight,” Castiel says hoarsely. He glances at Dean, who raises his eyebrows. “We should get some condoms, and whatever else we need, and…” He falters, stuttering for a moment as his cheeks burn, “and I want one of us to penetrate the other.”
Dean stares at the door, dumbfounded, then knocks on it again. Softer this time. He leans up against the wood and says, “Cas, please, just come talk to me. I’m really sorry for everything I said, I didn’t mean it, just please-”
This isn’t as bad as his heat. In heat, the drive for a knot is genuinely painful. Burning skin that can’t be soothed, cramps and chafing and mood swings that lead an omega to believe they’re undesirable and may never have pups. So this lust, more like simmering electricity, is really almost enjoyable.
“You’re full of shit,” Dean says with a strained laugh. Bela bumps up against his arm, grinning wolfishly.
Cas’s eyes widen ever so slightly, but otherwise he doesn’t move. Dean blushes and ducks his head away, coughing slightly. “I mean, y’know. Not-friendly feelings,” he tries to clarify, only to realize how that really sounds. He groans, rubbing at his temples. “Or, well, by that I mean, like, kinda romantic feelings,” only that sounds dumb too, so Dean drops his hand into his lap, and squeeze’s Cas’s hand again. “Not that I wanna court you or anything, like a knight or… whatever, just that I kinda want to kiss you all the time, or not all the time, we can do other stuff too, I just really like being around you, it makes me happy, and I just…”
“Kiddin’,” Dean gasps, clutching at the blankets as slick starts to leak down his thighs again. “Just stay where I can smell you, ‘kay?”
While they wait for the movie to start, Castiel lets Dean play with his hair, even though it makes his skin crawl and his mind flood with unwanted images of Dean and Aaron in bed, Dean doing the same thing to another boy. He jerks away when the previews cue up, and Dean’s expression goes pointedly blank as he rests his hands back in his lap.
Dean fights not to react, to stay casual. Cas dips pieces of chicken in an egg mixture, then hands them over for Dean to toss in a mix of flour and spices before arranging them on a tray. “Ask away,” Dean responds, focusing on the chicken currently in his hands.
Mary shrugs, thoughtfully poking at her hash browns. “Maybe I should take some time off work,” she says carefully. “Maybe I need to be around more if you’re going to start acting out again.”
"I didn't!" Charlie insists. "Give me some credit, come on. Don't pretend your little freakout at the Roadhouse didn't raise some eyebrows. Besides, you and Cas are just kind of... obvious."
“Come sit with me,” she says, using the cup in her hands to indicate a bench nearby. “You boys look like you need a little guidance.”
Cas nods, moving to sit on the blacktop. “I figured,” he says as Dean copies him, sitting close enough that their knees touch. “Bela mentioned seeing you a lot lately.”
“No,” he repeats, but it’s gentler this time. He flips his phone open, expecting nothing, but there’s actually a little icon flashing in the corner of the screen, indicating that he has a new voicemail. Dean sits up, his heartbeat suddenly rapid. It could be from anyone. Good news or bad. Either way, Dean just wants to hear from someone.
Dean sleeps in fits, and wakes up starving. It’s finally light out, at least, and for the moment his hunger is more pressing than his heat, so he sits up, panting from the effort, and tries to wipe the sweat from his brow. Castiel is nowhere to be seen, which means he’s outside in the garden. Dean takes a few more slow, deep breaths, trying to quiet the heavy pounding of his heart, and directs his listening towards the open window.
Forget hands covered in butter and flour. Dean hastily flips his phone open and puts it to his ear. “Hello?”
Outside of his paintings, that’s the closest Dean has come to telling Castiel the depths of his own feelings, so Castiel allows himself to smile, allows himself to give Dean a real, lingering kiss before entering the hallway and leading the way towards his hotel room.
Dean fidgets with his hands in his lap, staring at them. “Yeah. I fought with you, and then I fought with Lisa, and I just… everything went wrong, and I didn’t know what to do.” He runs his hands through his hair, shaking his head. “I’d go to parties and get drunk and beat people up and for a few moments it all seemed clear and fine, but then it’d go away, and I’d remember how I fucked things up. So I went to more parties, drank some more, fought some more. And tonight… the guy had an above-ground pool, y’know? You don’t know,” Dean shakes his head, chuckling humorlessly as he glances up at Cas, who simply looks back at him, his face a blank mask. “That’s a poor people thing, isn’t it? Anyway, a girl got too drunk and fell in. Another guy was drunk and held her down as a game. My friend Victor was there, he stepped in to pull her out and get her breathing again. But for a minute there…” Dean runs his hands through his hair once again, leaving it a mess, but his eyes are stinging, and there’s so much going through his head that it’s hard to separate one thought from another. “I thought she was going to die. And it would be partially my fault.”
) leans over and whispers in his ear that she wants to do it, slaps a condom in his hand, then runs around to crawl into the bed of his truck and starts taking off her clothes?
Lisa smirks and rolls her eyes. “You bring in money, don’t you? Take Sam to soccer practice? Buy and make food? C’mon, Dean, you’re more like Sam’s father than his brother. If that doesn’t make you ‘man of the house,’ I don’t know what does.”
“That was different,” Dean says softly. “That wasn’t a real relationship or anything, and it won’t happen again.”
“I’m sorry, Lis, really, I just…” Dean trails off, unsure of what to say. He doesn’t want Lisa to have any idea of what it is he does for Alastair, but that leaves him without any excuses or a chance to really apologize. “I’ll make it up to you, I swear.”
“She said she wants more from me than I can give,” Cas says suddenly, and Dean frowns. “She said she wanted me to be happy, but she didn’t want to compete for it.” Cas turns and fixes Dean with a stare, their eyes locked, and Dean raises his brows when his brain starts to piece that together.
deserved, but Castiel can almost understand Jo and Pam’s defensiveness now: Dean looks sad and scared and vulnerable, and he takes on so many albatrosses that aren’t his to carry that it must be practically instinct for the girls to jump in front of him and stand as his armor. And they don’t even know half of what Castiel knows.
Most of those friends didn’t come home for Christmas. The only one that did brought her own significant other. For God’s sake, Jo still
In contrast, Castiel’s gifts are the ones that feel extravagant. Sure, the Winchesters give him nice, personal things (of course he loves the painting from Dean, but Sam also made him a very lovely shelf in his shop class, and Mary gives him a shallow, dark blue dish designed to hold his piercings), but he’s embarrassed opening more expensive gifts from his parents and siblings in front of them. On top of that, Castiel is not crafty and has never considered the thought of necessities like sports equipment being gifts. So, his presents for the Winchesters are more on the indulgent side, and with the way Dean behaved over their road trip, he’s nervous about their reception.
Please check the tags for two new ones! Those apply near the end - you should be able to tell when they're about to happen. I think it's an important thing for the boys to go through, but as someone who also struggles with those issues, I thought at least a warning to others would be a good idea. Please take care of yourself first.
Dean puts his phone away, tucks the note back inside his book, and turns the key. The engine rumbles to life, and Dean smiles to himself as he pulls out of the resort parking lot.
Turning up a side street takes Dean past Bobby’s garage, and he slams on the brakes when he sees that big white wall. The empty building that never had any use, that large expanse of blank space that calls to Dean, asking to be turned into something beautiful.
There’s warmth in Castiel’s cheeks, and he hopes it comes across as anger instead of embarrassment. “Not your
Lisa is silent for a moment before she hums softly into the phone. “Well. Since we’re made up. What are you doing tonight?”
with him. God, he wasn’t even this sure about his feelings for Lisa until the very end, and yet nothing else seems to fit. At least not now, not while Dean feels like he’s breaking down around the revelation, unable to process it with all these people watching.
“Calm down, Clarence,” Meg says. It takes a minute for Dean to recognize that reference, and frankly, he’s a little annoyed that she came up with it first. “Clearly, he’s no fragile flower. Napoleon’s friends rib on him all the time, I’m just being friendly.”
Castiel starts nipping at Dean’s lips, dragging his mouth across Dean’s jaw and down to his neck, where he scents openly, groaning. Dean just keeps purring as he returns the favor, pressing his teeth into junction of Castiel’s neck and shoulder.
By the time Dean realizes that he’s all but lost his girlfriend over a boy he’s not sure he can trust, he’s had enough. He doesn’t care about promises or crying eyes or broken hearts. He just doesn’t want to feel like this anymore.
"But it is, isn't it?" Dean chokes out, embarrassed by the tremble in his voice. "I agreed to do this, didn't I? To hurt people? And Cas, sometimes I
The question isn’t coming from a place of meanness. Dean’s voice is steady, calm, wanting to give Castiel an option out if he wants it. In all honesty, a part of him does. There’s anxiety buzzing in the back of his brain, little threads of fear starting to inch forward now that he’s said these words out loud, now that Dean has agreed to do this with him and take this new step. And one of those threads is definitely related to the possibility of being unable to perform.
Dean opens his eyes and looks at Cas, panicked. Of course his family and friends are important to him, of course he wants them to be safe and happy, he can deal with all this bullshit, hell, he can even deal with no one wanting to be around him anymore, as long as they’re all okay.
Dean’s not sure what Sonny thinks he was implying, but he also doesn’t know why he’s so surprised to hear Sonny mention it. The mural he painted is large and visible from the highway, and of course an artist like Sonny would notice it. Maybe get out of his car to really study it for a moment.
ack, i almost forgot! i finally started working on a 'road so far' sort of thing for this fic - it was requested ages ago, but with the incredibly long wait between last chapter and this one, i finally got around to putting one together. you can find it
Pam smiles encouragingly, but both Jo and Gilda go timid after that, deferring to her expertise. Victor being a douche seems to be the cause, so Dean punches his friend in the thigh, earning a glare for his efforts.
Castiel scowls, but keeps his mouth shut. There’s no point in arguing with them about the subtleties of sexuality, especially when he’s not even sure what to label himself. “No one’s going to care about
“You’re grounded,” she says, then pauses, as if waiting for him to protest. He doesn’t; Dean knows that he fucked up, knows that he deserves whatever restrictions he gets. “You can keep your phone for now, but no friends over and no going out. Of course, you can go to work, and you can pick Sam up from soccer practice, but everything else is off-limits.”
Frankly, it’s a miracle Castiel still feels anything for Dean at this point. He’s taken by surprise when this thought occurs to him. Yet again, Dean’s actions have caused Castiel pain, and yet again, Castiel can’t bring himself to stop thinking about him.
Great. Dean rubs a hand over his sweaty face and groans. He knew this was too good to be true. An alpha can be kind and build a pretty nest… but he can also talk to animals like they can understand a word he’s saying. Weirdo.
Dean still makes sure to get Lisa off before he even enters her, but now they’ve reached a point where Lisa actually enjoys that part. Which only makes it better for Dean, considering how much he likes to see her enjoy herself. And he lasts a little longer now, but it’s never long enough to make her come again. Not that he minds; he likes eating her out, and her second orgasm is more intense, her hands clenching in Dean’s hair as she moans.
There are probably some errors in here since i wrote a few chunks on my phone, so if you see anything let me know!
“I think we should slow down.” When Dean raises his eyebrows, Castiel clutches at Dean’s shirt, wanting to keep him close, but not so close that Castiel decides to fuck it and ravish him. “I just… I don’t want…” Castiel swallows, closing his eyes; this is such a stupid, cliche thing to say, but it’s how he feels, and Dean would want him to say so. “Please don’t think this is a rejection, but I just don’t want you to think this is all about getting off.”
Castiel chuckles as he reaches over to free Jo, who wraps her arms around him and sticks her tongue out at Dean. “Bela just got here,” she says, squeezing Castiel’s ribcage. “But she said I could dance with you if I wanted, since it’s my birthday.”
“I guess we have,” Benny agrees, never taking his eyes off Castiel. “So you know how I feel here and how that ain’t gonna change overnight.”
“My brothers are currently more concerned with each other,” Castiel says in a low voice. “They won’t notice I’m gone.”
Dean’s expression turns slightly smug, and that irritates Castiel enough that he finally snaps, “Dean cheated on me.”
Dean considers telling her. He’s pretty sure she wouldn’t judge him, and knows she’d keep it to herself. It’d be nice to be able to get some of this off his chest.
They stay silent for a few more moments, Castiel’s mind racing. Once he’s managed to get over the idea that there are parts of him that are best, he starts to wonder about Dean’s thoughtfulness, coming here to keep him company and cheer him up. It’s not just his head that’s whirling either - his chest and stomach feel like they’re on a rollercoaster, swooping up and down around hairpin turns, but instead of feeling nauseous, Castiel just feels… almost giddy.
He’s been bitter for a long time about his family and how they don’t show any interest in him, but now that Naomi and Michael both seem to have decided to make up for their mistakes, Castiel is coldly rejecting their attempts to be there for him.
“Not enough to willingly go to the Frenzy at the Fiesta concert,” Dean mutters, and when Cas laughs again, Dean can’t help smiling. Weird sex dreams or not, he can’t let go of Cas now. He needs him. And while Dean may never say that aloud, realizing it still makes something in his chest settle and glow.
,” Castiel practically snarls. He catches himself, takes another deep breath, and clears his throat. “I made promises to Dean that I intend to keep, and tonight has been a very good night. I want to keep it that way. So,” he sighs, “if you really want to talk, we’ll have to do it another time.”
“Okay.” And Castiel can’t see his face, but Dean’s voice is small and pleased, and he seems relaxed in Castiel’s arms. He wiggles his ass back into Castiel’s hips until Castiel huffs and pinches his belly, but after the laughter stops, it’s quiet and peaceful in a way that Castiel wants all the time.
“Who was-” Dean goes still when he sees Castiel, eyes wide and lips slack. Castiel can feel his shoulders tightening as the seconds tick on, and while Mary makes an attempt at comfort, running her hand between his shoulderblades, it’s not quite enough to draw the tension out of his muscles. Especially when Dean finally tightens his jaw and turns back to his chicken without a word. His movements are much sharper now, and Mary sighs, rubbing Castiel’s back one more time before going to stand next to her eldest.
For a moment, Castiel just takes in the view, and when he turns away, Dean is smiling fondly at him, relaxed back against the leather seat.
“I have to go,” Castiel says, before that endearing train of thought keeps going and he loses his control again. “Um, thanks for everything?”
“Sure, but you’d have to get off me to do that.” Castiel can’t see it, but he’s pretty sure Dean mocks him silently before he rolls off of the bed. “
His mother is already awake, shuffling around the kitchen, and when Dean sits up, it’s just in time to see Lisa closing the door to his own basement bedroom. Dean blinks, surprised that she’d spent the night, and when she finally turns to look at him, he says, “G’morning.”
Dean frowns; in the rising sunlight, Castiel realizes Dean’s eyes are a light summer green, and his face is covered in sun-kissed freckles. “Then where are you staying?”
"Are you really so pessimistic?" Cas asks, lifting his head to meet Dean's gaze. "Don't you want good to triumph over evil?"
"Did you forget the part of my prom story where I was the one laughing while Balthazar and Uriel thought they were dying?"
“I’m not really sure I want to call myself anything just yet,” Dean says at the end of the session, voice quiet. “I’m just… really confused. And what if I’m wrong? What if I'm just misinterpreting our friendship?”
As he studies the painting in his hands, the corners of Castiel’s mouth pull down, not quite a frown or a pout but certainly an expression of his disappointment. “I thought you were better.”
Charlie pouts, and can only shrug in defeat when the circle starts to chant, “Kiss him, kiss him!” She barely even tried, and now everyone is whipped up in Victor’s vehemence, so what can Dean do? He turns to Cas, slightly panicked, but he doesn’t even have time to say anything before Cas has cupped his face and dragged him in for another kiss.
After a long, silent moment, where Anna fidgets next to an impassive Castiel, Naomi finally sighs and drops her suitcase. She looks different, and it takes Castiel a moment to realize that she’s not wearing a pantsuit - her hair is still tucked up in a bun and there are still pearls in her ears, but she’s dressed in a white blouse, black slacks, and flats.
Castiel rolls his eyes, shaking his head. “Mother, weren’t you just trying to get me to admit that I’m gay?”
.” Castiel rolls his eyes. “They’re going to wait for you as much as they’re going to wait for me. Soooo…”
Finally, Pam looks up at Dean. “There’s artistry all over you,” she says slowly, sounding a little surprised. Charlie untangles herself from Castiel and instead pulls up next to him, watching Pam curiously. “Hard-headed, argumentative, but loyal.” Pam bends Dean’s thumb back and shakes her head, smiling affectionately. “Very generous. Logical.” Still smiling, Pam runs her finger over the center of Dean’s palm. “And this is interesting.”
Cas has really terrible taste in women. Maybe Dean’s biased, but that’s really the way he sees it. A little voice in the back of his head reminds him that Bela had tried to be kind to him at Jo’s birthday party, and Meg had the higher honor of having been kind to Sam, and that Meg especially has done little more to deserve his ire than call him a few teasing names.
“It’s really him,” Cas sighs. “He was glad to hear from me and wants to stay in touch, but he doesn’t want me to tell our family.” He runs his hands over his face, then sits up. “How do I keep this from my mother? She doesn’t talk about it much, but I know she’s still worried.”
He waves before taking off through the grass, apparently no longer concerned about the trail left by his bike tires. Castiel chuckles to himself as he watches Dean go, then turns to head back into the bungalow. It's been a long, exciting night. A couple hours of sleep are better than none, especially when he's facing an afternoon with Bela Talbot.
have known how much this would upset him? Dean can’t just go from sweetly confessing his feelings, being Castiel’s first sexual partner, then dive straight into a monogamous sexual relationship with another guy, before popping right back into Castiel’s life like that never happened. He can’t just take Castiel on dates that end with sexual encounters at a romantic overlook, when he took some other boy there over and over and over again, like Castiel is no different. Just another piece that fits in a certain slot.
Cas sits back down next to Dean and hands the sketchbook over, still grinning. “Think about art classes, Dean,” he says, tapping on the page. It’s an ink drawing of Kyriel, and it’s only with Cas sitting next to him that Dean realizes he’s completely modeled the character after his friend.
To Castiel’s relief, Pam pulls away, putting her hand on her hip as she glares back at Dean. “Are you actually going to let me?”
going to cry at the end of this one, lol. I also I have ideas for two interludes, but I only one has the potential to go up between now and the last chapter (the other one is from Lisa's POV and has a big spoiler for the last chapter, so will have to wait until it's done). So keep an eye out! It'll be from Charlie's POV!
It’s hard being inside though. Out here in the sunshine is easier, but Castiel is starting to wonder if he shouldn’t try again to convince Impala to carry the omega home on her back. Unfortunately, that horse is as stubborn as a bull. She’s more afraid of her master losing his balance and falling in the middle of the woods than she is of Castiel doing something to hurt him. Even her interrogation earlier had seemed like an obligation, done because she thought she should and not because Castiel really needed to hear it.
To be fair, omegas didn’t eat with alphas in Cielo, so that situation couldn’t have happened in the first place, but still. Castiel took an omega’s word over an alpha’s. An alpha
“Careful?” he repeats, glancing at his friend. Balthazar tightens his lips, tapping his fingers against the steering wheel.
When Dean finally blinks himself out of it and takes a look at the canvas, he wonders how he never realized his feelings for Cas before. There, in messy gray and white, is Cas. His arms are raised skywards, and his eyes are looking that same direction, and in a fit of impulse, Dean reaches over and sketches out a set of wings and a halo. He’ll have to take a look at some birds to get the feathers right, but the halo is a nice touch, and Dean can see the colors already: gold and black and white and, of course, electric blue.
A waiting game. Dean can handle that. In the meantime, they’ll talk on the phone and exchange letters and gifts again, and next summer, Dean will be ready, and hopefully Cas will too.
“Really?” Castiel is genuinely curious about this. The villagers did seem to love Dean, and it’s clear that he’s close to people of all sorts within the castle as well. But that’s not the same thing as wanting an omega for a king, so Castiel can’t help wondering if the current king really is on the outs about this.
“Not to be weird or anything,” Sam says, “but I’m really glad I can be friends with my brother’s boyfriend.”
Pam clears her throat, glancing at her audience and drawing them in; Castiel thinks she could make good money off this someday, whether it’s real or not. “Dean, you will only ever fall in love once in your life.”
“Horseshit. Don’t lie to me.” Dean growls softly, pressing a finger between Castiel’s eyebrows. “You’ve got thoughtlines all the way up your forehead, and they’re stressed as a mama dragon, so spill.”
“Dean!” He can practically see her smile, and it makes his heart twist. “I was so worried, I… you got my voicemail, right? You’re not mad at me?”
Sam launches into a stuttering explanation: Jess, who is currently spending the holidays with her grandparents in Eugene, has invited him to her New Year’s Eve party, and Sam is panicking over not just whether or not he’ll be expected to kiss her at midnight, but also if he’ll be allowed to.
Dean doesn’t see it, but across the table, Mary lowers her spoon and smiles at them. Castiel just tries to ignore the blush rising in his cheeks. “That’s very kind of you, but this is fine.”
“But you kept giving me excuses!” Dean furrows his brow at this, and behind his head, Missouri gives Castiel an encouraging smile. “‘We weren’t together.’ You and Jo and Pam and even
Again, Charlie rolls her eyes; Dean manages to resist the urge to tell her her face is gonna get stuck that way. “Did you sign up for AP American Lit? There’s only one class this year and I missed having you to MST the assigned reading with this year, so please say you did.”
. All summer long, Castiel has felt guilty for being hurt by Dean’s actions, been pressured to kiss and make up even while that pain and distrust still simmers. But here’s Dean’s own brother, the one that Dean has all but sold his soul to support and protect, and he sympathizes with
Castiel’s already fucked this up. Maybe there never was a way to avoid it. “No, I’m saying… I meant what I said before. I appreciate what you’ve done, and I really do want to spend the summer watching movies with you and Charlie and Jo, but…” He struggles to think of the words, and sighs. “I like you guys. My family won’t.”
Dean sighs and takes a moment to assess his painting. The sketch is simple: Cas’s distinctive profile, chin held high, neck draping down into strong shoulders. It’s a little exaggerated, maybe, but in Dean’s defense, he hasn’t actually seen Cas in several months. This is the Cas Dean sees in his head, the one that appears to him in his dreams, so even though Dean knows that Cas’s eyes aren’t actually this specific color, he still blends in more white with the cyan, until he can find just the right shade of electric blue.
“Of course I was.” Dean grins, pulling their hands back to leave a quick kiss of his own on Castiel’s knuckles. “About what?”
“It’s nice to see you too, Jo,” Castiel says flatly. He remembers quite well that Jo was a loud voice against him over the summer, and while he’s willing to let bygones be bygones, that’s not the same thing as being friends again with a girl who’s so determined to assume the worst of him. Still, the least she could do is pretend to be nice to him.
There are kids and teenagers and people of all ages everywhere. Some of them are in costume, playing trivia games, while others seem content to sit in little groups, chattering about the spoilers they have or haven’t seen online, or all the things they want to happen in the final Harry Potter book.
He sits up as well, heavy with exhaustion and satisfaction, and manages to smile at Castiel even though his heart is sinking into his stomach at the thought of leaving this little oasis. Dean has never wanted to be the trophy omega, the little beauty cleaning house and making meals -- that’s half the reason he’s fighting so hard against the potential partners his father keeps finding -- but he could be happy sharing that with Castiel.
Castiel slides off the bed and pulls his hoodie off, tossing it in the general direction of his suitcase. “Check-out is soon, so we’ll save time if we shower together. Right?”
Castiel yawns again, and wonders if maybe it's not the same Dean after all. The crowd last night had been drinking soda and making s'mores, and had interacted with each other with a fraternal kind of familiarity. Charlie and Jo's teasing of Dean wasn't even flirtatious, let alone sexual. Then Castiel remembers that Dean had known Bela from parties in the woods, and Charlie's reference to someone named Alastair. "With Alastair?"
Jody nods again and turns back to her car. “Don’t go anywhere tomorrow, Dean,” she calls over her shoulder. “I might need to ask you a few more questions about this.”
But Castiel doesn’t know. The words just came out, and now that he’s said them, he realizes they’re true… but it’s just another thing he needs to sort through on his own. If he tries to talk about it now, he can’t be sure that he won’t say something wrong, something that will just drive them further apart.
“How about we share?” she suggests, sliding up the sheets towards Cas’s head. Dean frowns, confused, but then Cas’s heels are digging into the small of his back, tugging Dean close enough that Dean’s cock rubs up against Cas’s ass, and
"Okay," Dean agrees, shifting his items to one arm so he can use the other to pull Cas forward and press a kiss to his cheek. "I'll call you later, if that's good with you?"
Castiel frowns, studying Dean’s expression. There are lines under his eyes and he hasn’t shaved in a day or two. An indulgent part of Castiel wants to reach out and touch his scruffy cheek, but he reins it in. “Didn’t you get my voicemail?” Castiel asks instead.
Dean watches her carefully for another moment, then flips the DVD case over. There’s an unhappy blonde girl in a pink dress on the cover, and the whole thing looks cheap. “‘
Castiel swallows and gets to his feet. He really should go back inside and see how the omega is holding up, but he doesn’t want to walk in on anything. That spicy apple scent is difficult enough to handle on its own, but the way the omega tries to lure Castiel in… He keeps telling himself, it’s only instinct, it doesn’t mean anything, but that doesn’t do much to convince his own instincts not to respond.
?” he accuses quietly. When Dean just blinks at him in confusion, Castiel’s anger spikes again. “I asked him what you did together, and he tells me ‘
This is awkward, and Aaron gets to his feet, rubbing the back of his neck. Castiel stands as well, barely noticing that the rain has momentarily stopped. “Well,” Aaron starts, and coughs softly. “We kinda did everything.”
Dean rolls his eyes and tightens his jaw, tearing his eyes away from Cas to stare at the menus in his hand. Something itches in the back of his mind, way back where hides all the things he doesn’t want to think about. The kisses he’s shared with Cas, the way he can’t stop thinking about Cas, all the explicit content from those dreams that have him waking up inexplicably hard, and, worst of all, that brilliant white emotion that he still refuses to name. The one that encourages thoughts of Cas, that makes him feel all warm and fuzzy when he thinks of Cas’s smile, that makes him want to touch Cas and be touched by him, and draw him until he’s imprinted on the backs of Dean’s eyelids.
“Theme? Oh. Sure, I guess?” The song changes then, something much older and slower, and Dean’s face lights up. “Come on, I want to dance to this one.”
They pull apart only when Jo throws a rock that hits Dean’s shoulder, and when he glares at her she yells, “Stop being Ross and Rachel, the rest of us are fucking
“You’re an incredible person, Dean,” Castiel says, bumping their shoulders together as they walk down the hallway. Dean blushes bright pink, eyes locked on the floor.
“Hello, Dean,” he says softly. “I… I hope you’re okay. I hope you weren’t calling for help or something, ‘cause y’know, no matter what, I’d come. Maybe you don’t know that anymore.” Castiel sighs, rubbing his temples. “I haven’t really been… I guess I mean, even if I’m angry, I’d come help you. Whatever you need. Although now you’re probably mad at me, and… and you should be.” Castiel swallows, trying to find the right words. It’s easier, somehow, to talk to this machine. “I shouldn’t have left you there. I should have told you… I should tell you. How I really feel. But it’s hard for me to trust people, and as much as I
Dean only just stops himself from slamming his bedroom door, and he has to stop and take a moment to breathe before he makes his way down the stairs. The yellow envelope with Mary’s last wishes in it is sitting on Dean’s desk. Just thinking of touching it makes him ache all over, but he has to. Someone has to.
Michael is giving them that million-watt smile he’s been wearing all day. Gabriel has his arms crossed over his chest and looks unimpressed, but Castiel can tell that it’s just being put on for show. “You guys actually helped him out?”
“My name is Dean of Winchester,” Dean announces suddenly, staring Castiel straight in the eye. “I’m twenty-two years old, and was born in midwinter. I have a mother, a father, and a younger brother named Sam. I am fully aware of almost everything that has happened since I arrived here two nights ago, and have given my consent for everything that happened this morning. I will not allow some wishy-washy alpha to deny me that.” He moves closer to Castiel then, close enough that Castiel actually takes a step back, unnerved. He’s never met an omega with this kind of bearing before. It’s powerful and elegant and if Castiel wasn’t sold on this omega before, he certainly is now.
“I’m not sure that’d be a great idea,” Castiel says slowly, carefully. His brain is already unravelling a thousand different scenarios of his mother saying or doing something offensive, even without meaning to.
Castiel raises an eyebrow at his sister’s smirk, then rolls his eyes. She’s been unbearable ever since he told her what happened last summer- leaving certain personal details out, of course. The whole school year she was always asking him if he’s heard from Dean lately, saying his name in a sing-song, smiling that crooked, know-it-all smile whenever she saw a new drawing hanging up by Castiel’s bed.
A consummate professional, Naomi takes this information in stride. “Then we can loan you something. I have four boys, surely we can put something together that will fit you.” When Dean just stares at her in confusion, she sighs. “I have behaved poorly in the past. Since Castiel seems to think that there is…” She pauses, then waves her hands between the boys, “a future here, I would like to try and make up for that indiscretion.”
“I keep telling myself we’ll find each other again, if it’s meant to be,” she says. “And if it’s not, then there’s something even better waiting for me. So, it’ll all work out in the end.”
Cas rolls his eyes, though Dean doesn't miss the way Meg's head lifts, the way she frowns at him. "That's not what we're talking about, and you know it. Why should Harry have to sacrifice himself and his future for this? It's not fair to him, and it's not fair to those who love him."
That’s how Dean ended up here in the woods, searching for a sweet-smelling alpha and trying to ignore the way his stomach is rebelling against the long, bouncy ride on a horse.
Dean’s entire face falls, in synch with another rumble of thunder. He wears his pain and guilt so openly that Castiel worries he may have taken things too far. Deep down, he knows that eventually he’ll give in to Dean. Because he loves him. Because he’s wanted this for so long. Because for all his mistakes, Castiel has never met anyone so
"Yeah." Dean fidgets a little more, picking at a hole in the knee of his jeans. "It's not a big deal, y'know, it's twenty bucks a class down at Michael's, and it's not a serious thing-"
that it’s only until noon because of the holiday, and he’ll be home in time to make a late lunch. Castiel acquiesces, and lets Dean kiss his forehead before he leaves.
“We’ll give you some time to relax,” Castiel says, ignoring Anna’s pout, “and be back in time for dinner. We can catch up then.”
But the more he protests, the more stubborn Jody gets. He says she has no reason to follow him, she says Dean isn’t the type to be over-dramatic. Castiel counters that the word of a boy who’s only met Michael once doesn’t deserve this kind of attention. Jody tells him that technically, she should’ve escorted every single one of them home after catching them out after the ten o’clock curfew, and Castiel doesn’t want to keep her from turning a blind eye for the rest of his friends, does he?
“Shitty music, and shitty quality,” Dean points out, and sits up, grinning. “Do you want to play one? I’ll make you a vinyl supremacist too.”
Castiel smiles despite himself. “Doesn’t fit the narrative too well either, I guess.” He walks towards the Heaven wall, dragging his fingertips over Charlie’s hip. “Your own
Castiel stares at the series of messages, then shakes his head, pressing his phone to his lips. If it were literally anyone else, Castiel’s wouldn’t accept this apology. If it were anyone else, Castiel wouldn’t be able to trust the sincerity behind it. But the reality is, he knows Dean well enough to know that he probably is genuinely beating himself up over his choices.
"No, I mean it." And though Castiel doesn't feel ready to talk about his family with Dean, he does want to say this before he loses his chance. "I've been coming here with my family every year, and every year I just spend time with my siblings, bored out of my head. There are other kids here," he gestures at the surrounding houses, towards the towering sandstone building, "but they're either gone within a few weeks, or they're entitled jerks who want to bully you as much as they want to suck up to your family."
Dean clears his throat and sets his coffee on the ground, rubbing his palms on his jeans. Next to him, Anna sighs.
“But there has to be a school he can go to,” Castiel says. “Portland is a bit of a drive, but he could still live at home and study there-”
“Save it,” Jody says, leaning in through the window. She glances at Castiel before sighing and rolling her eyes. “What did I tell you last time, Dean?”
Later, Dean stumbles out onto an unfamiliar porch, down a set of unfamiliar stairs, and takes a seat in the grass on an unfamiliar lawn. The sky is spinning above him, and his knuckles are bleeding, and his ears are still ringing with the sound of teenagers jeering as he beat up some poor kid who got a little too drunk and mouthed off to the wrong person. Alastair had laughed and wondered if he should charge extra to watch Dean fight people, and Dean’s stomach rolls at the thought. He groans softly and puts his head in his hands, feeling inexplicably alone and desperate.
, in forest green flannel and dark jeans. New jeans. If Dean actually bought brand new jeans for this, then he’s more serious about Castiel than anticipated.
Dean hums thoughtfully. “Videochat. I like that idea.” He leers at Castiel, who demurely pulls his trenchcoat tighter around his body before responding:
Lisa moved in with her mom in Portland not too long after everything went to hell, and the rumors surrounding her departure were nasty and terrifying; the trial wasn’t the only reason Dean spent a lot of his junior year walking into classrooms and watching people suddenly go silent. But when Dean finally got a hold of Lisa, she assured him that those rumors were nothing to worry about, that her mother had been scared after hearing what had happened and her parents decided she’d be better off far away from Dean.
,” now directing his hand towards the shops and houses below, “deserve a better first impression than
about this, while Castiel can’t even watch as Dean tugs at his trousers, pulls them just off his hips.
“Fine,” Dean repeats. “I have to go pick up trash off the highway tomorrow afternoon.” He turns to look at her again. “Did you know it would take this long to hit sixty hours? I didn’t think it would take this long to hit sixty hours.”
"Good." Michael nods. "Say good-bye to your friend, Castiel. We'll finish this discussion at dinner tonight." He turns to the door, then pauses with just the right amount of dramatics. "Oh, and you'll still be expected to be up at 8 to help Anna around the house before the Talbots come for lunch, so... Don't take too long with Dean."
Dean wolf-whistles at the girls, just to be an ass, and Victor joins in with a slow clap. Charlie flips them off, and Bela cuts in while she’s distracted, spinning herself under Gilda’s arm. Charlie smiles fondly at the sight, too besotted to be jealous, and when Victor offers his hand, she takes it, and resumes telling him how wrong he is about the Harry Potter films even as they shake their hips to the beat.
He’s supposed to be passing out plates of food and non-alcoholic beverages to people, and the line is long enough to keep everyone busy. Jo is helping Dean, while Bobby passes out beer, and Ellen takes their money. Pam, Garth and Victor are out on the boardwalk, passing out menus and coupons. This is actually the kind of situation that Dean thinks he should thrive in. Like painting, like cleaning, like baking, it’s something that he can focus on and let his mind relax. He can smile and pass out plates of food and bottles of water. That’s not a problem.
“It’s just Charlie,” he says, flipping his phone open and pressing the end call button. “She can wait.” He leans in, pressing featherlight kisses to Lisa’s jaw, only for Lisa to giggle and shake him off when his phone starts vibrating in his hand.
“‘What do you think about in the shower?’” mocks the dark-haired boy who takes the seat on Castiel’s other side, just close enough that Castiel has to scoot away, almost into Charlie’s space. Charlie snorts, taking a stick when the new boy shakes a few at her.
It’s flooded with people, most of them either shouting or running. Jess stays close to the wall, so Castiel follows her lead, reaching up to clutch his hood tight around his head. He hasn’t been around this many people in
Dean takes a few more deep breaths, never removing his gaze from Castiel. Missouri stays silent, observing, gently rubbing Dean’s back the way Mary had once done for Castiel. “Time,” Dean says finally. “Like you and your mom need time.”
is how you’re choosing to spend your time, Castiel? Who you’re spending it with? Look at him!” She gestures at Dean’s clothes, his faded band shirt and jeans with a hole at the knee, his tattered sneakers. Dean shoves his hands in his pockets and keeps his eyes on the ground. “What does he know about society, about business? About success? Castiel,” and she’s smiling that condescending little smile that Lucifer used, once upon a time, as she reaches out to touch Castiel’s shoulder, “you are so much better than this.”
“Of course,” and Castiel means that. Even if they parted ways right now, if Dean called in distress later tonight, Castiel would do whatever it takes to help him out, or make him feel better.
Dean is the same Dean who spent several months having sex with someone else, or the same Dean who can become so violent and cruel with a little liquor in his system.
“Michael came to check on us and figured out that I’ve been sneaking around. Dean,” and Dean is suddenly aware of the waver in Castiel’s voice, “Dean, can you come over, please? I need to talk to you.”
Castiel actually laughs at that, bumping his shoulder against Dean’s while they jimmy the door. When it swings open, they stumble onto the blacktop, and Castiel’s jaw drops.
He takes one more deep breath, and reminds himself that this is not about him. He can be here for Cas in his time of need, and prove that he’s a good enough friend to deserve Cas’s forgiveness.
,” and with the way Dean winces, Castiel must have made his disgust pretty clear. “It was a request that you give me time to deal with feelings that were complicated enough already.”
“Sounds like my kind of night,” Pam says with a wink, sliding out of her seat. The rest follow suit, and Charlie leads the way over to her little yellow Beetle, telling Cas that he’ll have to take shotgun, since his legs are too long to squish into the back. Jo complains that it’s only a two minute drive, but Pam shoves her in the back seat and chastises her for whining too much, and Castiel smiles to himself, remembering why he took to these people as quickly as he took to Dean.
“We’re not-” Castiel starts, but Bela has already turned away, waving over her shoulder, and Dean is immediately back in Castiel’s space, pressing their foreheads together. He’s a little taller than Castiel now, a little broader, though not enough to make Castiel feel small. In fact, it’s just about perfect, which Castiel doesn’t want to think about.
without Dean, and their relationship is too new for that kind of distance. The thought makes him ache, fills him with a paranoia that makes his heart start racing---
Dean never told John about Lisa. He doesn’t know why, but he doesn’t want John to know about that whole mess.
“Yeah.” Dean rubs his hands over his face. “Um. Coping mechanism. Sorry.” Cas raises an eyebrow, and Dean laughs gently. “From therapy, y’know? Don’t worry about it.”
“Shut the fuck up, Cas!” Dean snaps. Cas blinks in surprise, his jaw going slack. “I’m not finished!”
“How we define it, for starters.” Castiel opens his eyes, looking out over the ocean even as he continues to cling to Dean’s waist. “I keep telling people we’re not dating, but then we go on dates and we do things like this, and…” He trails off, unsure of where to go next.
