It wasn’t long before murderous thoughts crawled from a dark corner of his imagination to the surface of his mind as he analized the photograph again. Flawless plans of retribution were playing in vivid motion in his head.
“And I love you, too. More than you’ll ever know,” Tony replayed clenching the hand over Steve’s chest into a fist. Steve sensed that Tony had snapped out of their sex-induced haze when he noticed that the last sentence out of the genius' lips carried an edge. With a firm push, Tony put some distance between them, "but all of this is too much, Steve."
Such different beings found each other not long after Steven started working in the stables. They started to seek each other’s company since Steven, skinny as he had been back then, had saved the young noble from an uncontrolled horse accident.
It was their own way to mock themselves with such a domestic scene, wanting so bad to at least pretend that they could be together even beyond these woods.
“Well, before that, you have to tell me what you want to happen exactly because it is Tony the one who’s going to be hexed, so we have to be careful so he won’t be harmed… unless you want to hurt him?” This she asked tentatively, for the first time showing her hesitation before his request.
Normally, he would've taken a more proper attire to venture the woods, however he was late already so he'd decided to let his shoes to ruin and he'd only taken the time to cover his royal red and gold garments with a long, black hood that also sheltered his head and matched his trousers.
“No.” his alpha ordered firmly. Steven pulled him up towards the headboard until their lips were aligned. Sky blue eyes met deep ocean blue; both pairs of eyes dancing with mirth. “I know of a better way for you to make it up to me.” The blond said suggestively.
As if waiting for his cue, the lights went abruptly down at the exact same moment that the window nearest to them went shattering in a rain of sharp glass and, a second later, gunfire started going off all around Tony; miraculously the gun at his back was spared from the action. It seemed they weren’t going to shoot at him without a direct order. Nice to know.
"Please don't say 'but'." Rhodey begged, knowing by the deffensive tone in his friend's voice how useless it would be.
Anthony rushed at where he and Bucky were and positioned himself between them and the three nobles already on their respective horses.
“Oh, I see…” Something in Steve's voice was strong enough for even Wanda to notice something was wrong with him and stopped working her potions to look at him more closely. The supersoldier probably wouldn’t have noticed the unexpected interest in her if she hadn’t approached him cautiously as if not to spook him. Steve decided to change topics before he made a fool of himself. “So, it’s been a while, how have you been? What have you been up to in here?”
“Talked to him?” Anthony chorused with a scoff, “He wouldn’t stop asking me to dance with him, even when he’s a dreadful dancer. Well, just not
"How? After you said that, I can't also think about much else but how I should be inside you," Steve confessed, a little unwillingly, but it was something that he could admit in any situation. However, he wasn't willing to continue, "You feel amazing, I want to take you apart piece by piece and then put you back together over and over until you're as addicted to me as I am to you."
That's why, after 3 days of editing, I thought to myself: "huh, it's almost like a new story!" and so decided to split the last chapter and add a little epilogue. I hope you guys enjoy it and give this fic another chance.
Maybe Tony was a little oblivious sometimes, but really, the Colonel wasn't even pretending to like him, and Tony was a genius, after all.
“For fuck’s sake, Steve! What the hell do you think I'm talking about? I'm obviously talking about everything that has happened in just this short hour! About the fact that you
One rich beyond measure, the other forced to work for the day. But that was what made Steven different, no matter how poor he was, he was ambitious enough to not just think in living through the day; Steven was a planner, always trying to be better, to try harder to be useful to the ones he loved.
"It's because they were doing it like rabbits," Logan clarified, adding to Steve and Tony's mortification, "I wasn't aware of how emotionally stunted they were."
“And I will properly apologize for our display, but I am not comfortable with the idea of riding a horse which is not mine and with an alpha I barely know. It is not proper.”
According to Wanda, the hex should work the instant the vial touched Tony’s inner throat, so Steve needed to make an experiment.
Steve believed every single word out of Pepper’s threat, but couldn't help but smile, anyway. She truly was an amazing woman.
“Well, yeah, it surely seems that way,” Tony nodded towards the newspaper that Rhodey forgot over the microwave.
The simplicity of it made Rhodes unable to hide his surprise. When he snapped out of it though, he seemed to have an intense internal battle judging by the way that the hand which wasn’t holding his coffee was clenching and unclenching. The gesture reminded Steve so much of Tony that he
“I’m fine.” Steve lied taking a long calming breath that betrayed his words. Tony approached him carefully and put both of his hand soothingly on his shoulders, giving him a little massage. The brunette was searching for his eyes in an attempt to read the blonde better.
true. Steve knew that Tony wasn’t as bad at relationships as most people would probably expect of him, given his reputation. Though, Steve was happy when he’d realized that if you put all of Tony’s insecurities and truly horrendous self-esteem issues behind, he was actually pretty good at it.
“Really?” James asked sceptical, “Enlighten me, then. I’ve always wondered why you call each other the way you do and not something cornier. Corny fits you, man.”
“I am learning how to control my powers and Dr. Strange offered to lend me a hand when Agatha needed a well-deserved break, so you will probably see more of me around him in the future.” Wanda replayed without changing her curious expression even if she didn’t question him further; it was as if she was waiting for the moment when he’d spill his guts while she played along patiently.
Did Rhodey heard what he thought he heard? Oh for everything divine, was Tony actually about break up with Rogers?
They were soon involved in a series of thrust, moans and sweet confessions. If it weren’t for the fact that they weren’t able to think clearly about each other’s words, Steve would have tried to talk more about those whispered declarations. But their focus was surrounded by a different level of human nature.
Tony and the Colonel were now dude-hugging. It would be a beautiful thing, especially considering how it almost never happened, if it wasn’t for the fact that Rhodes wasn’t paying Tony much attention. The military man’s arms tightened around
“What can we do for my lords?” James asked probably to avoid any slip from Steve when he was jealous. Bucky was a beta, sure, but he understood how alphas worked thanks to living with Steven and to being punched by Sharon more times than he could count.
“Now, that’s just mean. I can be perfectly quiet and submissive when I want to be.” Tony stated with fake-indignation.
“And why’s that?” Steven asked warily, he knew it was hard for Anthony to like the other nobles; it was almost unheard of when he said something nice about them. So far, he'd only liked King Xavier and Lady Van Dyne’s company. “Did you talk to him?”
“Probably later, when you leave so you can’t see how hungry I am,” the brunette answered instead. Tony’s eyes went wide when his own words registered; even Steve was shocked at the sheer
For him it wasn’t unusual to see Tony’s face doing crazy things in the front page of numerous magazines or newspapers first thing in the morning. It was expected even, normal; especially considering his involvement with Stark Industries, the World’s Mightiest Heroes and all that flashy stuff and scandals  Tony seemed to attract so much.
That was when Steve noticed that Tony was still shirtless with his pants barely buttoned and low on his hips. Then he looked at himself and the super soldier blushed even harder than before. Steve had apparently hadn't care that he put his boxers on instead of his pants in the heat of their argument, and it was the only thing covering him right then.
“So, you guys are dating now.” Rhodes deadpanned. It was moments like this, with the weight of a dark, murderous look directed his way, that Steve wondered if Tony suspected his best friend’s dislike for Steve.
Steven would go to the stable to work, while Tony would run to the creeper that led to his luxurious room to sneak inside the castle; he would climb the three floors and then he would take a quick bath to be presentable and in time for breakfast. After that, it would be lessons all day.
“Because I don’t want you the same way!” Even if Tony hadn’t avoided Steve’s eyes while saying this, the little tremor in his voice would have betrayed him. It was all lies, the same ones he told himself and Steve over and over again. And even if Steve knew this, it still hurt to hear them.
Rhodes continued as if he hadn't said a word, “Obadiah Stane, Justin Hammer, Pepper’s break up,” and here he paused, making a point of looking Steve directly in the eye, “even his eternal playboy ways.”
. But, Tony, that's bullshit because we have been a couple for a while now and I just didn't know what to do, anymore.”
Steve did everything in his power to ignore the very evident frown that was now on Rhodes’ face. Instead he kept his eyes on Tony’s earnest expression and answered truthfully, “I couldn’t want anything more.”
“Rhodes, I know he’s here” The blond contradicted while putting his hands up as if saying he didn’t intend to fight the colonel. “This is important. I just need a few minutes to talk to him.”
Clint doesn’t wait for any of the others to have a reaction; he just jumps right into the next video. And then the next.
Steve leers at Tony playfully, “Doesn’t sound all that bad to me,” grinning in success as a flush spreads up Tony’s neck.
He starts simply, checking into SI archives from the past few decades to look for any inconsistencies or discrepancies.
Tony wants to know more. What information could they possibly have on Tony? He had spent the years following his parents death throwing himself into the company and distancing himself from just about every other human being aside from Clint and occasionally Natasha. There’s no way HYDRA could have information on him unless one of the people closest to him were double agents. Or unless Howard truly gave them anything they wanted… maybe he wasn’t above sharing his own son’s secrets.
Tony takes a deep breath, ignoring the protectiveness that flares in Steve’s scent for a moment, “First, I want to apologize about… everything today.” Steve looks seconds away from interrupting but Tony lifts a hand. “I genuinely did forget about our conversation about me not leaving. It was a genuine mistake and it probably will happen again because I’m me. I’m mostly apologizing about what I said. It wasn’t…” Tony can’t find the words.
Steve’s hand gently held onto the fabric of Tony’s white t-shirt, pulling it closer to Steve’s lap. Tony yawned and moved farther from Steve, Tony giving him a playful look as he deposited himself on the side opposite of Steve. Steve bared his teeth childishly, growling friskily. Tony rolled his eyes, mouthing the words, “I’m so scared” with a sarcastic look adorning his face.
‘Why?’ Tony asks himself, “Because suddenly I’m not listening to you? This isn’t an “ownership”, Steve’ He snarls in his own mind. Tony promptly decides to not respond. He faintly can hear Steve yelling and knocking on the glass, but ignores him.
Steve could see Tony’s hands shaking. Steve didn’t feel bad for questioning Logan, but at least now he understood were the mutant was coming from. Steve grabbed Tony’s quaking hands and gave him a smile. “You should really get some sleep, Tony.” Steve offered, trying to calm him down.
When they reached Tony’s room, Tony was about to open the door when he turned and said, “Steve- I wouldn’t… I don’t think I’d really care if you wanted to you know- sleep in here. With me.” Tony said, wincing at his own awkwardness. “And I mean sleep, cause frankly you look like shit.” Tony’s eyes widened, “Good shit! I mean—I’m just… I’m going to stop talking now.” Tony said and looked at Steve expectantly.
“Quick fight?” Tony asks teasingly, putting the phone on speaker as he begins welding two pieces of titanium together.
“Um-“ Tony said as they all made no move to go their separate ways. “oh- kay?” He said, mostly to himself. “Good fight, guys. I’m glad you guys aren’t dead.” Tony said, smiling crookedly. He spun on his heel and rolled his eyes at the awkwardness of the group. He walked towards the main room, trying to ignore the footsteps of the people trailing behind him.
Tony bolts towards Pepper, who is now trying to beat the man down with her purse, not seeing that the man who she first took down was getting up behind her. He quickly grabbed her from behind, easily subduing the smaller woman. At about the same time, the man who first tried to grab Tony, caught up to him and grabbed him as well.
Tony smiled half-heartedly at Steve as the team filed back into the tower, each bruised and battered, but clean nonetheless.
Obadiah stands, taking Tony’s hand to shake with a pleased smile on his face. “Thank you, Tony, for considering. You’ve really done wonders here at SI, even better than Howard, I’d say."
“We’re going back to Shield and that’s final.” Natasha says, lifting her chin in Steve’s direction in a clear challenge. Steve doesn’t back off, taking a step towards her before Clint intervenes.
Tony raises his eyebrows in interest. He eyes the room contemplatively, even chancing a glance at Steve—Captain freaking America. Would everyone on the team
He looked at Logan and Natasha, the only two teammates in sight. Thor had been gone on his first “post-battle Hulk duty” with an excited smile, but Steve was sure that he wouldn’t be so bubbly when he got back.
“Tony?” Natasha called softly. Tony’s shoulders tensed and he shakily turned around. Instead of being met with the reserved and teary 18 year old they had become used to, they were surprised to see angry eyes and shaking fists.
“Not a problem at all.” He said in a deep voice, and grabbed Tony’s arm lightly before hee could scamper off. “Sorry, it’s just- is that you, Tony?”
Tony rolls his eyes good-naturedly, clenching his hands so Clint won’t see the slight tremor going through them.  “Of course. Fury just loves to catch me off guard. Luckily for him, the tower
Tony lets out a breath, glancing up at the room full of avengers around him. “So does anyone want to tell me what’s going on or do I have to guess?”
Peter laughed and leaned towards Tony and quietly saying, “Na, Ant, but it got people to haul ass, huh?”
People love to talk about how terribly stocks dropped that day that he announced the shutdown of the weapons manufacturing branch of SI, but they rarely ever mentioned how now two years later, stocks have increased tenfold.
By the time Steve got into bed, Tony was desperately trying to keep awake. His head felt foggy, but he clearly felt Steve’s nose nuzzle the back of his neck. He breathed in Tony’s scent and exhaled slowly, reaching around to cuddle Tony to his chest. “You’re going to be in so much trouble when you wake up, love.” Steve whispered.
Tony dropped the scissors he had just used to cut the bandage, barely missing his foot. “What!?” He yelled. “Where? I am not ready, Phil!”
“Ant, come on- I mean, you aren’t actually thinking about that, right?” Peter said with another funny look on his face.
how embarrassed he’s going to feel later on. But right now he's running on pure instinct, his true nature completely taking over. He’s a terrified, distressed omega, seeking any kind of comfort from an alpha he doesn’t know well, but one that has already protected him once before and one that his packmates trust with their lives.
“You know what, no. I’m actually not feeling well at all. I think I’m-“ fake cough “- coming down with something.” Tony gave him a pitiful look. “I better go. Congrats on the Industry!” he called back, walking to the exit quickly, trying to ignore the stare that he knew was following him.
“I knew you were going to say something like that. Look, Cap, I don’t do this often, okay, today is a special occasion,” He says, lifting an expensive looking glass bottle that Steve hadn’t caught yet. It’s close to transparent, but very clearly brown, most likely an aged whiskey. Steve remembers Howard favoring a drink similar.
“Where are you, Tony? We’ve been looking for you for hours.” Logan said, sitting on the bench as the rest of the team crowded around him.
The tension in the room slipped, Clint guffawing on the ground, Natasha, Steve, and eventually Bruce fell into laughter while Tony pouted.
“That’s a highly trained mutant that we found kicking up dust on the outskirts of Baltimore just as you all sped off. He took down 5 agents before we got him sedated.” Fury corrects.
“Yes!” Tony fist pumps the air. “This is going to be great. What awesome spy stuff am I going to do? Oh, can I have a gun? Or wear sunglasses like you? Oh my god-“
Peter rolls his eyes once more, “Well, he seems pretty confident over your relationship.” Peter grins, a regretful look glinting in his eyes. “Seems more like an ownership in my eyes.”
Tony all but flees out the door, wanting nothing more than to go back to his tower and bury himself in work for the next 36 hours and
He didn’t feel awful or elated, or anything in between. He simply felt like he was just there. He mentally shrugged. This was probably just the drug affecting him. Is this what getting high felt like?
“We just got called in for some routine mission. No big deal.” Nat sighed and tilted her head. “Sleep more, please, cica?”
“I don’t mind.” Steve blurts, reddening at the surprised look Tony gives him. “What I mean is…” Steve trails off.
Steve’s hands drop his, but the grin on his face turns mischievous. Tony sees it coming a mile away. “Was it really nine times though?” Steve asks, unable to keep himself from laughing as Tony shoves him half-heartedly.
JARVIS intones quickly, "There are several doctors in the tower's medical bay on the 40th floor." Impossibly, the AI sounds worried.
told me. I have a choice to make. There really wasn’t much else. It was just…” Tony trails off once more looking towards the ground. “It was really scary. It wasn’t
Twink- a young boy (teen-early twenties) who’s skinny with a little bit of muscle and is basically hairless ((Porn definition basically :3))
“Wanda confirmed my belief that she is—was? Working with HYDRA.” He says as plainly as possible. He didn’t have any other information to give, anyway.
Clint squawks, offended, “You only figured that out after feeling his muscles! I have biceps too, you know!”
The two spies made quick work of closing off the already known and obsolete data (Awards, baby records, business plans, etc). Soon the only things they had left were 3 videos, 2 news articles and tons and tons of doctors’ assessment.
“No, Tony, that’s not at all why I’m doing what I’m doing.” Steve said, trying to close the distance between Tony and himself once more.
Tony was leaning against the counter, his hair ruffled by a rough night’s sleep. Thinking about it, just about every night he slept was a rough night. Either he couldn’t fall asleep, or nightmares riddled his dreams.
“Steve! Please, stop! Logan! C’mon guys cut it out!” Tony was pleading. Steve looked over to where Clint was psychically holding Tony back. “Steve let him go he’s my friend!”
He was proven wrong when he heard the friendly sounding, gruff voice call, “Tony!” from behind his back.
The unknown man grinned malevolently. “For you, yes.” He said, grasping the stolen scepter in his hand, and firing it at the now quivering demigod.
She had appeared with the same exact entrance that she had before, curling clouds of smoke filling the room until Tony felt like he
HELLO so basically IDK if anyone who read fanfiction 5 years ago would be reading this right now but basically this entire fanfic is a huge ass MESS and i am so embarassed re-reading it. I started writing this when i was 14 and now that i'm almost 20 I feel about ready to jump back into the fanfiction world and start writing something actually maybe good. Not sure if this fic deserves a re-write though. If anyone's actually, actively interested in me re-writing this or seeing what I'm up to now, feel free to follow
“Well, yeah, Rock of Ages, we all have family issues.” Tony replied, trying to diffuse the situation as quickly as possible.
“So…. You and Steve huh?” Peter said conversationally as he flung another rubber band across the room for DUM-E to fetch. He chuckled at the sudden clang and sputter he heard from across the room. Tony looked at him, wide-eyed.
Tony makes a face, unsure if he’s allowed to talk about exactly what his meeting is about. “Honestly, I’m scared to tell you because there’s a good chance if I accidentally tell you something confidential, Fury will have this elevator plummeting to the bottom floor in seconds. Then he’ll probably explode the whole building, just to make sure there were no survivors.” Tony says, completely serious.
. And of course the good Captain couldn’t live with the fact that he was only the most attractive man the omega had ever seen, but he had also listened to Tony intently, made him feel safe after his altercation with Rumlow, and even joked around with him about Fury.
The next day, Tony was in his room studying when he heard several screams ring throughout his house. He was getting up to investigate when his bedroom door was swung open so fast it made a large hole the wall that it slammed into.
“Watch out, grandpa, your age is starting to show.” Tony counters, laughing loudly and picking up speed as he sees Clint start to give chase.
Peter’s breath hitches at Tony’s heartbreaking words. “No, Tony, you misunderstood me. That’s so badass. Tony you kicked bad guy ass and saved, not only yourself, but that pretentious, rude woman as well. I mean really, if she had just listened to her superior and trusted you, you’d have that flash drive by now. I just don’t under why-“
Tony jumped and his eyes snapped open. “WH- oh hey Bruce.” He said, a tired smile appearing on his face. “What’s up?” He yawned but kept smiling.
God damn it. Steve silently admonishes himself for falling for an eighteen year old with just about the hottest everything that Steve’s ever wanted.
died. It only made him more angry—only fueled his pain that much more. Steve cracks an uneasy smile in the silence. “I know it's hard to believe people when they say 'I know how you feel,' but I do. I know how you feel.” He says, honestly, trying to ignore the way Tony's head snaps up in his direction. “When Bucky died,” He begins carefully, not wanting Tony to hear the tremor in his voice, “Everyone around me felt bad, of course they did. They knew we were best friends and
Tony returns the smile, leaning back against the couch but not moving out of Steve’s reach. Although they’re no longer wrapped around each other, their thighs are still touching and Tony is tracing a scar that runs down Steve’s right hand which is resting over the couch’s edge.
Clint laughs from where he’s sitting at the breakfast bar. “Cap, 12 hours isn’t even that long for Tony. You’d probably have an aneurism if you knew how long his worst inventing-binge was.”
“Correction, Ant, you couldn’t survive through half of one of ‘these things.’” Peter laughed. The room is silent for a moment before the bar tender hesitantly asks, “So… why exactly did you ‘not survive’? I mean, was it claustrophobia or something?”
Coulson shoots him a look, “Right, you usually go for the tall, blonde alphas wearing red, white and blue.”
When Fury cleared his throat, the entire room snapped to attention, even Tony, which surprised the group of superheroes, seeing as Tony seemed like a hyper child with no off-button.
Some of the men around Tony laughed, the closet one clapping him on the shoulder. “She’s a bit old for you, isn’t she, Stark?”
Fury doesn’t show emotion- it’s not in his code. But he sighs, and shakes his head in what seems to be some form of sympathy. “We don’t know much yet, but Howard was…” Fury’s eye drifts to meet Tony’s. “Howard wasn’t the same after you went under, Cap.”
The announcement was followed by a date and time and signed signature from Justin and some other man.
Tony vaguely noted his departure. He finally straightened himself out after finishing the coffee in his hands. When he moved to pour more in the mug, he ran straight into someone’s chest.
Peter stands behind him with a worried, slightly scared look on his face. “Tony, buddy, you okay?” He asks, hesitantly putting his hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony immediately buries himself in Peter’s arms, earning a small, “Oof!” from the other man.
Tony startles at the young voice that casually called out. His head swivels quickly to meet the eyes of one of SI’s engineers. He looks younger than most of the workers at the company, probably still a little older than Tony, but still young.
Howard was Hydra. Tony’s father provided weapons to one of the most notorious terrorist groups in the world’s history. Captain America’s arch nemesis. And now they want Tony to do the same.
“Physically, yes, I think you’re okay, but I still want someone to check up on you. Didn’t JARVIS say there’s a medical bay in the tower somewhere?”
- he’s cute. “I just… we never got to talk, after today. I’m sorry that I didn’t believe you. You came to me because you said you trusted me and I completely shut you down. I’m so sorry, I just-”
his fault that Tony is the single most attractive person he’s ever seen. Whiskey eyes framed by dark eyelashes and messy hair that curls at the ends—it’s like one of Steve’s dreams came to life. He’s
“Cap, stand down. Nat just wants to check Tony’s vitals, that’s all.” Clint says calmly, stepping forward with his hands raised.
Logan was halfway through ripping apart a chitauri when it completely stopped fighting and went limp against his claws. The same thing happened to all of the surrounding chitauri.
“Well- yeah, I guess it is?” Tony said skeptically, looking at the two eyeholes he had subconsciously created. “Huh, cool.”
circumstances, can any of the Avengers find out that this is happening. Not only would they track you and ruin the mission entirely, they would probably slaughter me for putting you in danger.”
Tony weaved through the sea of people infiltrating his house. He was only slightly tipsy, but he was afraid of what would happen when Coulson came by to check on him. He was searching desperately for Peter, or any familiar face for that matter. Sure, Tony was fine with the mindless conversations he was used to having at expos and business dinners, but he certainly was not okay with the amount of people in his tower. His breath was shortening, and Tony knew he was on the brink of a full out panic attack. He was calling out hopelessly for Peter, only to be pulled back by a hand on an arm.
“Oh, um, yeah. Hi. That’s me. And you are…?” Tony inquired, backing up slowly, trying to find the panic button that was next to the light switch in every room.
Every word was matched with another kick. Tony’s body curled in on itself, his hands instinctively covering his head. “Wh-a-at did I –do-o?” Tony asked, though it came out as a plea.
Tony is silent for a minute and Steve realizes he probably just divulged a little too much information—got a little too emotional. He’s about to open his mouth to apologize, but Tony’s head drops to rest gently on Steve’s shoulder. Instantaneously, Steve relaxes, trying to make himself a more comfortable pillow, allowing one of his arms to tuck around Tony’s waist, holding him in so he doesn’t feel so strained. “Do you think—” Tony cuts himself off like he’s unsure about his next words. “Even if you still went into the ice and he… he lived and grew old without you, would you still want him to? Live and be happy?”
Clint laughs, clapping Tony on the shoulder a bit too hard, “Sure thing, Cap. Tones, meet at the lobby, kay? We can head to the tower together.” He calls over his shoulder, not even giving Steve a second look. It goes to show just how much he must trust Steve, because Tony can’t remember the last time Clint left Tony on his own with
“I mean- like- he’s so hot Petey! And he just thinks I’m a fuck- sorry- freaking kid like everyone else and he’s also a big freaking jerk who needs to mind his own business! They ALL need to mind their own business!” Tony screeches, leaning heavily against the slightly drunk bartender.
Steve let Logan go after contemplating Clint’s words. Steve narrowed his eyes and leaned towards Logan. “You hurt him-“ Steve said quietly, jerking his head towards Tony, “and I end you.” Logan smiled, amused.
Tony sits back in his chair, glaring at the screens in front of him as though it’s technology’s fault for showing him this information.
Tony gives a lone glance to the metal gauntlet that he’s been working on. There’s a miniaturized arc reactor pulsing in the palm of the glove, the rest reinforced by durable titanium in a grip that fits his hand perfectly. Tony sighs, unsure where this project is even going to go before sliding his arm out of the glove and shoving it under the desk. Tony goes to the workshop door and opens it.
Tony had somewhat become his shadow since Loki’s disappearance. Tony wasn’t sleeping. It had gotten so bad last night that Steve had to have Bruce administer a sedative, and Tony hadn’t talked much since.
Peter looked up at his friend’s watery eyes. “Um, I mean, it’s all okay. It’s not like he hurt me or anything…”
Clint grins back, before moving to leave the room. “I don’t know, Steve, there’s just something really satisfying about watching Captain America kick ass in all his righteous glory.”
Tony looked like he was going to pass out. Hell, Tony felt like he was going to pass out. Did Captain America just tell him that he could call him Steve? Is that what happened? Is Tony still alive? Tony was about to pinch himself to make sure he wasn’t dreaming when another face entered the large conference room.
“You were hiding in the air vents?” Tony asked, still in the protective hold Steve had barricaded him into when the “intruder” fell into Tony’s room, between his legs. Steve’s arms tightened around Tony’s middle, “That’s freaking… Clint, that’s not okay.”
Tony Stark was sitting on the couch in his workshop and his new security guard, Clint stood next to him, quiver tied to his back and bow in hand. The large T.V. in front of them was on Tony’s personal cameras he had placed throughout the city, along with three extra ones along the top that were cameras embedded in Logan, Thor, and Steve’s suits. Logan’s was already busted, the top right screen showing nothing but a fuzzy blur. He had been pushed off a roof onto a car two floors below, but he had assured them through his communicator that he was fine, but his camera had gotten smashed during the twenty-five foot fall.
Phil coughed awkwardly and nodded his head behind Tony. Tony blanched. No. No way, there is no way that the cliché “they’re-right-behind-you-and-oh-that’s-embarrassing” thing is happening when he meets his idols. He slowly turns and comes face to face- well, face to chest because goddamn it, Tony’s short- with Captain America.
Logan rose his eyebrows, “Then be mad, kid. Yell, scream, hell- isn’t that what all kids your age do? Be a kid your age, Tony.”
Silence draws out between the two alphas as they sit in their thoughts. “Same goes for you, Cap.” Clint says, clapping a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “I know none of this has been easy on you but, well, you’re one of us now.”
Tony raises his head and glares at the man. He pulls his wallet out and shoves his fake ID at the man, who gives it a hard look before nodding slowly. “Antonius Clark?” He reads off Tony’s fake name, raising an eyebrow wearily while handing back Tony’s “ID”.
“More like shattered.” Tony replied grimly, kicking a cup over so he could rest his feet on the coffee table. “Everyone can see it, and believe me, no one likes it.”
He’s hated Howard for making him afraid to stand up for himself, making him afraid that any alpha he ever trusts will one day betray him, making him afraid to bond with
Tony gave him a timid smile back. “Yeah, I am. Now if you don’t mind…” Tony trailed off, unbuttoning the top button of Steve’s shirt and moving so Tony was closer to the door. “I’m just gunna…” Tony bit his lip and opened the door to his bedroom. “Go to bed.” He said quickly, in a shockingly normal voice. He pecked Steve on the cheek and then patted it. “Alone.” He said with a smirk as he slammed the door in Steve’s face and locked it.
“Tony—that. That alpha was probably 18 or even older, he should have never been talking to you, let alone—you know.” Steve sputters angrily.
Sitting in a stuffy room surrounded by 15 alphas who all think he’s an idiot isn’t exactly Tony’s idea of a great afternoon. At least this time it isn’t about product designs or deadlines. Tony’s required to be there for each meeting since he owns everything, but he doesn’t have to speak much this time. It’s probably everyone’s preference. These older alpha’s tend to get so offended at his presence; when he speaks it’s ten times worse. He can barely go two sentences without getting cut off by one of their “much better” ideas.
Steve’s eyebrows furrow at that, “Of course.” He agrees, “And your parents too, right?” He asks, and Tony shakes his head, returning Steve’s confused face with a puzzled look of his own, like it’s so obvious why his own parents wouldn’t bond with him.
to push, and he definitely doesn’t want to make Tony upset. But it just doesn’t make sense to Steve. It’s almost unheard of, parents not having pack bonds with their children?
Tony walked back into his building with a large sigh. He slouched down into the nearest couch and sighed once more. He was beyond surprised that the Avengers hadn’t called him yet, screaming profanities and threats all the way on their flight home. Tony had no idea when they’d be back, he didn’t even know if they’d heard about the incident (though he was positive they were keeping him under close surveillance). Feeling lonely and slightly depressed, Tony pulled out his phone and called Peter, knowing that if anyone could cheer him up, it would be his best friend.
SO wow new chapter. And new character! I’m not sure how much this character will be in the fanfic but I guess we’ll see. I really changed up the new character haha I could probably just make him into a OC but I liked the idea of him so :\ Sorry this took so long to update I was really swamped with essays and tests this past week. Anyways I’m sorry if there are any typos or mistakes in here, I’ve done most of this writing at obscene hours of the night/morning. I’ll look through and edit in the morning, but right now I’ve got to get some sleep :\ :\ thanks for barring with me, guys <3
He activated his own communicator, “Tony, respond now.” There was no response save for the soft ringing that had been going through his head ever since Natasha shot her gun too close to his ear. “Tony, that’s an order.” He said violently, his growl rivaling Logan’s.
Clint sighs, dropping into the chair in front of him and giving Steve a look, “As if we’ll notice something Nat doesn’t.”
“Tony.” He says in this distraught and empty voice that makes Tony want to rip his hair out despite the already pounding headache he has. Because this is exactly what he wanted to avoid by not telling the team about his past. He hated the pity. He had gotten through it all alone, right? He didn’t have a superhero around then and he survived. He didn’t need one then and he certainly didn’t need one now.
This suit, Tony decided, was turning out to be absolutely perfect. His mind was already exploding with the thousands of ideas running through it. His hands simply did what they wanted, subconsciously building the models mapped out in tony’s head.
Tony wracks his mind, trying to remember why the name HammerTech sounds so familiar. He doesn’t have to wonder for long, though, because he’s stopped in his tracks the moment he opens the door to the main conference room.
Steve was pulling Tony closer. It was subtle, and Tony wasn’t even sure if the other Avengers noticed. Thor, Logan, and Clint were yelling about some football game that Tony wouldn’t even begin to try to understand, while Bruce and Natasha were off in their own world reading different books and sneaking looks at one another.
Well if Tony wasn’t shaking before, he’s definitely shaking now. Unceremoniously, he shoves his hands into the pockets of his hoodie.
Steve retracted his hand like he’d been bitten. It wasn’t the threat (because really, Tony is like a kitten) but did Tony really just say that? Steve finds himself waiting for the timid Tony to return and apologize, but by the time he realizes it, Tony is already out of his sight. “Wait- Tony?!”
“Shoot,” Tony mutters, blowing a half-hearted kiss to the woman behind the desk, “Thanks, Amy, be sure to send yourself some flowers from me, okay?”
“Check out his leg, Captain.” Fury implores, and at first Steve doesn’t notice a thing out of the ordinary. It isn’t until he really focuses that he can see the leg bouncing up and down at what looks to be the speed of light. Even Steve’s enhanced sight can barely see the leg moving fractionally.
Tony didn’t end up taking a nap. He actually ended up locking himself in his workshop and continued building something that he didn’t understand. He closed the new curtains he bought from IKEA around the glass doors and windows on the wall of his workshop. After all, every teenager needed his privacy.
he can’t help but return the hug, letting out a noise that can only be compared to a purr as Clint ruffles his hair affectionately. “Finally! We’ve been waiting on you Tones.” Clint says playfully. “Well, both of you, actually.” He amends, nodding towards Steve—towards Captain freaking America.
The next day, the entire team ambushed Tony when he thought they had all gone to bed. He was on his way to the elevator, no doubt trying to make a mad dash to the workshop.
“I know you’re thinking you’ve won here, by hurting a helpless little kid, but I swear to the LORD almighty, the second he’s out of danger, I’m going to murder you in the slowest way possible.” There’s the great Captain.
Loki is halfway through laughing when he hears it. His laughter stops immediately and his eyes go wide.
It takes a second for Steve to realize that Bruce had long sense run from the room, and Steve thinks he can hear the Hulk’s roar in the distance.
Bruce laughed lightly, “Not at the moment. Anyway, it looks like its about time for us to be done here, we’ll call you later.
“Each of you should know why you’re here now. The Avengers Initiative. Started by Howard Stark, continued by us, S.H.E.I.L.D., is now being put into action. Ever since the incident in New Mexico, America has realized the need for protection. So, we’ve brought in you, the world’s mightiest heroes. This is the entire team, minus Thor, a demigod from Asgard, who will be joining us once everything with his… brother,“ Fury said the simple word with distain “-Loki, is settled.”
“This is wrong. If Tony wanted us to know he would tell us.” Steve said, shaking his head and reaching to close the computer.
It was like building a new creation and nothing will work until- light bulb- and the lights start flickering and parts start moving- and wow, it’s all bright and alive and beautiful again.
Peter muttered, “Chicken.” Before smirking. “When was your first time and who was it with?” Tony blanched, eyes widening. Peter laughed, “What? Was it that bad?”
Natasha comes to the door after that and then Bruce joins her. They’re playing the motherly and fatherly-doctor cards and Tony hates it. Yes, he knows he needs food to live. He has an MIT diploma to prove that. He doesn’t need two of his so called friends to hover over him like he’s a toddler.
Hours after Peter left, Tony was alone in the kitchen, redressing his wound when JARVIS notified him, “Sir, there’s an incoming call from Phil Coulson.”
“Jay… did that really just happen?” He asks softly, fingers coming up to touch his nose where Steve was so close…
“I swiped it when I was hugging him. I’m not exactly a touchy-feely guy, cap.” Clint said with a “duh” look.
. He’s hated the feeling of class rings splitting his cheek open, the dull ache he would feel along his jaw after Howard had spent half the day drinking, the
Tony looked a Bruce for a second before smiling widely, looking like he was trying not to laugh. “You, sir, can call me Tony.”
When Tony finally connects the dots he tells Jarvis to blackout the workshop, a protocol he had installed just hours before.
Then Steve pounced, grabbing Tony by the belt loops of his black jeans, and pulling him on the ground. Tony grinned as they began to wrestle. Tony fought somewhat valiantly, but Steve and his stupid serum still won, pinning Tony’s arms down. They were both breathing heavily, though there wasn’t too much of a struggle seeing as Tony was only 150 something pounds. “No fair, you’re on steroids.” Tony whined.
Loki’s voice shook slightly as he spoke, trying to diffuse the seething man. “There was nothing more I could do, I basically had them all writhing-“
“Um, okay. Number one, we don’t even know if that thing was talking about me. Number two, this kind of stuff happens all the time!!”
Steve grins at the slightly defined upper body of the eighteen year old while biting his lip, “Thank God for that.” He says slyly. He walks over and grabs Tony’s neck, pulling him into a short, but heated kiss. “Otherwise I couldn’t do that.”
“Who?” Clint asked immediately, but Bruce held up his hand. He gave Tony an inquisitive look, “Did he do anything? I was starting to assume you just feinted.”
There’s a laugh from behind him, “You really think that would stop him? He’s a teenager with a shit ton of money, nowadays it’s easy as hell to get a fake ID.” Logan scoffed.
Logan sighed, his stance loosening and his eyes flickering to the ground. “I’m sorry, Tony, I didn’t mean to-“ Tony cut Logan off with wide eyes.
Coulson’s eyebrows furrowed slightly, “Actually, no. I’m here to remind you of Mr. Hammer’s party tomorrow. The HAMMER-STANE industry party.”
“Which, by the way, I’m a little bitter I didn’t get to see you two meeting. What did your face look like Tony? Did he say anything embarrassing? I bet he did. Did he tell you about the cardboard cutout?”
9:44 rolled around, and Tony was suddenly on high alert, brushing off anyone who tried to talk to him and keeping his eyes trained on his watch.
Now, standing in front of the living room door and watching as a belligerent looking Tony Stark all but cackled in his face, he kind of understands what Jarvis was talking about.
He shoved away from the big man who let out a tiny chuckle. “God damn it, Logan! JARVIS said that everyone was asleep!” Tony whisper-yells, hurt by JARVIS’ betrayal.
“Nice work, small stuff, let’s see it.” Clint says, jumping from his seat and following Tony to the couch.
“Tony, my boy!” Obie greets with a friendly, familiar smile. His voice is just as deep and comforting as it used to be. “It’s been too long. How are you? How’s the company?”
“We have an insider over at STANE industries. She has some interesting things to say about Mr. Stane and his relationship with Mr. Hammer. Nothing worth getting into right now, but she has information and we need it.” Phil gave Tony an expecting look, “That’s where you come in.”
Steve looks up at Clint, looking for some kind of direction or maybe even permission, but the other alpha just looks concerned, eyes locked on Tony. "If you holding him comforts him, you need to hold him." He says, voice teetering on the side of threatening, his words a clear demand. Steve doesn't hesitate, grabbing the hand locked in his t-shirt and maneuvering himself so he’s back to holding the omega in his lap. He tries not to focus on how much more relaxed he feels like his, nose pressed lightly into Tony’s hair as the younger’s face nuzzles into the juncture between Steve’s shoulder and neck.
“Yes, yes. It’s absolutely perfect. Flawless in fact.” Loki smiled, his hands already twitching in anticipation.
yeet. this is so cringe. im looking at this in 2019 considering re-writing but.... safe yourself from the cringe and just follow
Coulson laughs in a huff and sits. “Tony, I have a proposition for you. It’s serious, though and would require a lot from you.”
Peter seemed to take that as acceptance and started to walk away before Logan added, “-But if you do end up being the little shit we all think you are, don’t even begin to think that I won’t rip your throat out.”
“Clint… this isn’t a funny joke…” Tony said, getting up slowly. Then the lights in the workshop went out. Tony froze, letting his eyes adjust and then surveyed the dark workshop. His eyes easily spotted the panic button, which was just beyond the glass door, were a ray of light was shining through indicating the light switch. He took one step forward, slowly, before breaking out into a run towards the panic button. He was just seconds to the light. He could make it. He was going to-“
“Sorry, sorry, I got a little held up at the airport.” Bruce Banner said, placing some papers in front of Coulson.
As soon as they were on the dance floor, Pepper gripped Tony close, her mouth next to his ear (and Tony did realize that she was indeed taller than him). Tony was surprised, wondering what in the world was happening, until her malicious sounding whisper hissed, “Listen here Tony Stark,” She said his name like it was poison. “I have been working my ass off for the past 8 months of my life getting information off this slimy bastard and I am not about to loose it all just because Coulson thought it would be a good day for bring your child to work day. All the information anyone would ever need to destroy this entire company is on a flash drive in a pouch, sewed inside the sewing of this purse-“ she holds up the clutch in her hand “- and it’s not moving from that position until I see someone from S.H.I.E.L.D. who’s past puberty. I barely trust S.H.I.E.L.D. with this information, let alone a child in a man’s suit. I’m going to take this to Coulson myself. Got it? Good.” She said, practically shoving him away as the song ended.
Natasha’s legs were in Bruce’s lap as he read from some astrophysics textbook that Fury had suggested he and Tony to read. Clint was next to Natasha, avoiding all eye contact with Tony, looking at the entirety of the rest of the room.
“Right.” The boy draws the word out, clearly not believing Tony. “Then why did you run in here like you were being chased by a murderer?”
"A shield agent will escort you there and back. We'll get an agent that the team knows and trusts so they will be more at ease. Tell them you're going for business purposes only. You're dreading the event because you
“And would that truth that you’re searching for is the same truth in which he believes in?” Wanda asked carefully while watching intently, “You mustn’t deceive yourself, Captain. I do not know yet what the truth you’re after is, but I do know that it may be the one that you’re most afraid of.”
“Don’t say that. Tony, please, don’t you say that” Steve begged, he was starting to feel tears gathering in his eyes, but he didn’t have the right to cry when he made Tony, -the same Tony that loved him back, thank
“It wasn’t nice from any of them, including the boss.” Happy agreed not taking his eyes from the road. “So imagine my surprise when the boss, out of nowhere, told me how
“Hey,” Anthony whispered soothingly, petting his hair lovingly. “Nothing happened. You didn’t lose me; you saved me, as hard as it is for me to accept it,” a strangled chuckled against his neck tickled Anthony a little, so he smiled in response, “This won’t happen again.” The scoff made it clear how Anthony's last few words weren't believed the moment they left the noble’s lips. “Fine; I’ll try to make this happen as little as I’m able.”
, this isn’t about you and me.” Steve demanded with the obvious intention of moving Rhodes physically if necesary.
Steve decided to reply to that with stubborn silence. Even if he did appreciate the sentiment, especially from Wanda, he had made his feelings on the matter clear enough; he didn’t need to elaborate further.
“But Pepper told me we were going to meet in a neutral zone.” Steve complained at the disadvantage of not knowing the surroundings when there was a big chance that he would need a speedy retreat.
“No! You can’t do that!” Tony threw himself over the Colonel in a desperate attempt to stop him, making them struggle on the floor for all of ten seconds before Rhodey came on top and held him down. After more struggling and Tony cursing Rhodey for pinning a 'goddamened superhero' to the ground and how Natasha was apparently being soft with him, and he finally stopped fighting the colonel's hold. “Rhodey, you bastard, do you
“Tony had been kidnapped before Afghanistan?” Steve asked tentatively. He didn’t know about this, either. He should know about these things! First the mysterious rapist and now this; he was going to have a long, long talk with a probably resisting Tony about this.
He went towards the barrels full of horse food. He chose two huge, heavy bundles of compressed hay and carried them to the centre of the stable without any help; this task being one of the reasons Steven muscles were so pronounced and proceeded to distribute equally the fodder between the horses.
“Yeah, I already ate breakfast before I went jogging so I’m going to make sure he eats.” He lifted the tray full of food and started his way towards Tony’s workshop.
to someone and of course you would try to be on equal ground with that someone instead of taking full advantage. That’s so like you.”
“Would you like to ride it? Its name is Mephisto, he is a war stud.” The alpha lord offered without noticing Anthony's cold manner or simply not caring.
Rhodes sat calmly on the couch facing the exit. He put his sniper rifle on the coffee table and began to clean it almost adoringly with the kit he kept in the suitcase of the weapon. Tony had his suits, Rhodey had his guns.
him-, the genius decided to cut the supersoldier some slack when he slowly closed the remaining distance between them. Willingly, no potion involved. Tony kept eye contact with Steve right until he dove for his lips the last millimetres, finally letting his lids drop. Steve didn’t dare to move nor breathe in fear that Tony would snap out of it as he did moments before to keep yelling at him. He hardly believed that he could be so lucky as it was.
“We’re here.” Happy announced while he was pulling over in front of what looked like an extremely exclusive coffee shop. “This is Rhodey’s favorite coffee place.”
His desire to punch and possibly kill the man was unbearable, but Steven was aware of what could happen if the lord was proven right.
“I wished to see you,” Anthony cut through his million questions summoning his most endearing face in the hopes that it would quell his beloved's anger even just a little. “I just truly wanted to see you and we had agreed to meet today, so I came. Didn’t you wish to see me as well?”
“Of course I know that, for fuck’s sake! I’ve been dealing with them since the moment of my conception!” Tony yelled, slamming a hand against the table. “That’s why I’m wondering WHY! Why is the only thing those bastards had ever gotten one hundred percent right has to be THIS!”
Barnes just looked back at the man with the same murderous look that had haunted Tony’s nightmares in the last several months.
“What?!” They both yelled, letting go of each other and turning around as fast as their bodies physically allowed to face the reinforced glass entrance where most of the Avengers were waving at them and in no way trying to hide their spying. All but Natasha who seemed to be concentrated in trying to override Tony’s security system.
As he arrived at the workshop, the doors opened without him even touching the security pad. If he didn’t know better, he would say that Tony forgot to tell Jarvis to lock him out after their argument. But he
“Were you aware, Tony?” Steve asked huskily letting Tony’s hardening member go in favour of getting rid of the genius’ undershirt in one swift movement so he would interrupt as little as possible their eye contact. Tony whined at the lost friction, but Steve ignored it in favour of asking his question more clearly, “Do I own your body?”
people, no matter how perfect one of them is, and just how imperfect the other half of that equation is, you can't just decide to–"
“I’m hurt!” Tony exclaimed while making an exaggerated grab at his arc reactor. Steve couldn’t help but chuckle at his lover’s antics. “That’s just mean, using Pepper for your stalker ways.”
This was embarrassing in so many levels. It felt like karma was working its own kind of magic already...
His ex-husband didn’t seem to think much about it, he just got in front of Peter and spat a threat to his captor, “I am going to kill you, Bates, this I swear,” if possible, Steve’s tone got even darker, but as if cutting off a wire pulling at his arm, he put his shield down and turned to Hawkeye, “Barton, let him go,” he ordered.
” Steve stated without a pause. Tony’s shocked expression only served to fuel Steve’s rage. Just remembering Tony’s wrecked face when he’d been introducing him to a girl from the genius' office had made Steve want to take Tony right there and then in front of everyone to witness. So that everyone knew that they belonged to each other. That's why he had cornered Tony in the kitchen the moment they were alone in the first place before all this ridiculousness even started. Even now, the urge hadn’t gone away and the billionaire wasn’t making it easy to ignore. “Why is it so darn hard for you to believe it!?” he repeated in frustration.
half of the gym’s equipment!), and the way you pulverized your unbreakable Starkphone, I can only assume that he didn’t like your conversation on the phone.”
“Who won?” Steve asked with sincere curiosity, instead. He wasn't as surprised as his boyfriend was; Steve had been suspecting for a while now that the team was up to something in regards of Tony and himself because of the frankly inappropriate questions that they kept asking him and the whispering that started every time Tony and Steve left a room.
Rogers knew in what room to look in, but it was a stupid question considering the super soldier's enhanced hearing and the probably-loud-for-him shower running.
After a few more rounds of Jan’s advice and a lot of inner-meditating to increase his already unbelieving patience, Steve thought he was ready to face Rhodes. When he left the tower with intentions of taking a cab, he was surprised to find Happy Hogan waiting for him with Tony’s business limo behind him running and ready. Steve was suddenly nervous by the unexpected arrival of the ex-boxer; it could mean that he was about to be threatened by the chauffeur at the first opportunity.
Steve was grateful that he had been preparing himself for this. This time, it was actually pretty easy to ignore him. “It means a lot to Tony, so I thought it was worth at least another try.” He answered honestly deciding to ignore the other’s question.
Before Rhodey could even get a grasp of what was happening, he heard his room’s door lock being put in place and bearly heard his bathroom’s door being opened a second later. It even took him a minute to understand
“Captain,” Scarred-face greeted with a pleased smile, as if he felt no pressure from the situation he was in. In contrast, Steve looked murderous and ready to rip him apart limb for limb. Yes, that was exactly the look that Peter had mirrored moments ago that had surprised Tony so.
“When he died, I only went to the funeral because Tony was a wreck and he needed a shoulder to cry on. No matter how much he loved his father, I couldn’t stop feeling resentment towards him. Even now that he's dead.” he stated stubbornly. “Long story short, no matter how much Tony is convinced that he’s besotted with you or whatever, nothing’s going to change the way I perceive you, Rogers. And I don’t need to hear you out either. I’m doing this because Pepper asked me to.”
It wasn’t long before James joined him so they had half the horses in the stable ready for whatever task was assigned to them. Therefore, they didn’t get worried when a handful of nobles strode gracefully into the stable. Both stable boys got up from the little casks they were sitting on in order to brush comfortably the horses. They stretched their dirty garments to properly receive them as it was required of all the servants; Steven immediately centred his attention into looking for his beloved.
“It annoys me some times, but yes,” this time Tony answered resigned, knowing that the truth was bound to be known, but when more followed up, it was obvious that he was making an effort of shutting himself up but couldn't, “I love it, actually, it turns me on how good you are even when you’re trying to be bad. Oh,
Tony felt the air leave his lungs in tormenting relief. Steve had come for Peter. Steve had really cared for Peter in all the ten years that they had been married. Without being able to help it despite the horrible timing, the realization lifted a weight over Tony’s heart and brought a little peace of mind to his nightmares.
.” Tony confessed in a lower tone. “I told him that you thought that I was nothing like my dad and that I never will be; I said to him that everytime you looked at me I could feel you searching for someone who wasn’t there and that you’d just get mad at me about it.
“I will,” Anthony agreed easily and denying nothing. This whole wolves experience hadn’t been easy for him either; his heart was still beating a little off rhythm. “Steve, love, you won’t lose me. As far as I don’t lose you, of course; you can’t expect this to be just me pinning after you while-”
“Lord von Doom wanted to show Anthony his impressive horse the moment I mentioned my godson’s love for the beasts,” Obadiah responded to the stable boys' surprise. He usually deigned himself too much to speak to the likes of them, but Steven realized that he wasn’t really speaking to them, it was more like an indirect reprimand to Anthony, “It is unbelievably thoughtful of him if you ask me, do you not think so as well, Anthony?”
Automatically, Tony started to struggle against his hold. Steve easily ignored Tony’s protests and punches as he made his way to the workshop’s couch.
Steve felt those words like a good punch in the gut. He thought that he now understood Rhodes’ resentment towards him better. He'd thought it was a simple case of
It wasn’t long after the tragedy that Lord Obadiah, Anthony’s godfather, came to the castle to stay. Steve following his arrival a month later.
“Are we talking about the article that says that your… Steve” he finished lamely “is cheating on you with what the media seems to think is a waitress?”
When the silence that followed his statement stretched, Steve gave himself the chance to close his eyes and take a calming breath. When he opened them again, Tony was already at the door ready to run away from him. Again.
Far from giving up at the face of Tony’s antics, Rhodes sighed and reached in the cupboard where he kept the coffee beans and started to brew some more, but he still tried to get a conversation that actually made sense.
"Oh, yeah? And how does that works, Rogers? You may be the perfect golden boy, so I'm sorry to tell you this, but a relationship consist in
“Tony, I know. Just tell me.” Steve asked taking both of his hands in between his big ones, his thumbs massaging the back of his lover’s hands.
“Of course not,” Tony denied immediately shaking his head, “I really like it when you’re down here keeping me company, but I’m afraid I will say something I shouldn’t when I’m
Being obedient for once, Tony resumed his sprint without looking back at Steve. His alpha was damn strong, so he could easily keep at bay the beasts with the help of the traps that they had built and designed together.
“He may say so, but I can assure you he thinks it’s a lost cause.” Steve sometimes thought that he would rather fight a whole army of supervillains instead of trying to deal with someone that you can’t just
“Steve, stop right there. You’re a horrible liar. Really, I know that Captain America isn't expected to lie and all that, but seeing you try is painful.” Tony stated, cutting his stuttering. “What did Rhodey say to you?”
“I really am, yes, I was surprised at first, but then I came to terms with my feelings for you and I knew that given the chance, I would mark you all over so that the world could see how mine you are and how yours I am.”
He made his usual signal to Jarvis to request that he turned off the astoundingly loud noise that Tony called music when he saw the genius’s back folded over his main workbench working on something Steve couldn’t see. His body language clearly telling Steve how exhausted he was.
“The Avengers is the best thing that has ever happened to all of us, Steve! Not just you and me. I see it every day on everybody’s eyes. I have seen what this team means to all its members and ex-members," Tony explained as if it was the most logical thing in the universe, "when we have meals together, parties, movie nights, the comforting after an awful mission, the
Anthony stiffly turned his back on Steven to regard the duke. “Certainly, Lord von Doom, you are quite considerate.”
Agreeing at least to that –not wanting to see Tony butt naked, thank you very much – he clicked the safety back on and went to the living room. It was an area of the apartment that the couple couldn’t detour in an attempt to scape unnoticed to go through the front door.
afraid of Natasha, when he was once again dragged into Scarred-face and was reduced to a human shield for the handsy fucker.
Steven looked at Anthony’s stiff posture in response to his godfather’s tone. If he wasn’t looking for it, Steven would have missed the second when his eyes met Anthony’s if he hadn't been so concentrated on his reactions. He saw in a flash how the prince's eyes gathered courage and Steven was tired of fearing for his lover’s well-being in such a short period of time. He opened his mouth to intervene, but Anthony was faster.
“Tony, I’m not blind nor am I an idiot no matter what you try to imply,” Steve said darkly, “I think I know the difference between a simple kiss and the way we kiss each other, damn, the way we have sex so regularly that we are three steps away from nymphomania. It's not rocket science, Tony, stop trying to make it so.”
Despite Steve’s effort of draining his quickly growing anger with a quiet sigh, he found that he couldn’t let anyone talk to him like that. Not even his lover’s best friend. “You’re being rude without a cause, Colonel, I would suggest for you to-”
“Probably just ass-clowns." Tony dismissed with a smirk on his lips and a shake of his hand, "You don’t need to worry about them; most people love me. I’m really loveable, ask Steve.”
Rhodey ignored him in order to snatch the phone once again. He stood up using Tony's body as support and began to dial the apparently forbidden numbers, completely unwilling to be distracted from his goal. He decided to continue talking as if hadn't been interrupted. “Besides, I’m not willing to do the back and forth jabber you do with her; it’s annoying as hell. So shut your trap until she answers me.”
Even if that was the case, the fast step of the animals was too much a match for a simple human being, even when Anthony knew that some of them were doomed to fall in any of the traps that surrounded the pathway.
statement coming from the love of his life. A statement that meant that even with all the transgressions the Steve committed in order to be here, hexed like this, Tony could still build a wall separating them. But Steve had gone too far already and he couldn’t leave it like that. He refused to believe that they were going through all of this for nothing.
There’s no question. “Of course, Tony.” He almost sounds reproachful, “I didn’t know him but there’s no doubt in my mind. You two loved each other. Of course he would want nothing more than for you to be happy.”
“People who threaten agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.? Who? Hammer?”  Tony gaped, flabbergasted. “Why didn’t you tell me?!”
Tony steels himself as best as he can, turning to meet Brock Rumlow head-on, taking a quick step back as he sees just how close the alpha is, their noses almost touching. Unfortunately for Tony, there isn’t much space to move away. The cold metal of the elevator door meets his back, making him shiver. Rumlow’s eyes drag down to Tony’s throat at the movement and Tony can’t help but clench his jaw. He
One of the board members speaks up as Tony sits, “Mr. Stark, as you know, we’ve been looking into a partnership with Mr. Stane’s organization. Ever since we moved away from weapons construction the defense market has been left with much to be desired.”
Ummm okay I'm beyond nervous posting this for some reason. If you dont like long authors notes feel FREE to skip this bc it might be a doozie.
Steve laughs, neck turning slightly red as he scratches at it. No one should be allowed to be this attractive. It’s really not fair. “I thought it was cute.” He replies, smile genuine and soft and dear god, Tony is so not okay. He can feel the blush creeping up his own neck slowly but surely. “Plus, I didn’t even know that you were the Tony I was meeting today. Your dad… he was a lot taller and broader.” He says, as if that really explains anything.
Tony closes his eyes briefly, trying to relish in the protective, supportive hold of the alpha in front of him.
The room fell back into a somewhat comfortable silence, Bruce casually brushing his hand against Natasha, Clint glowering off in the corner, and Tony inhaling the coffee like it was oxygen.
“That’s… I mean, that’s what Loki said.” She said, shaking her head. “But as you know, Tony hasn’t confirmed or denied anything.”
Tony woke up from a dreamless sleep peacefully, the sun flittering through the semi-closed curtains gracefully. Tony took a moment to appreciate the warmth that was completely surrounding him. It was almost peaceful.
The one large guy left lets out an angry huff, “Look what you’ve done now, Pots, now you’ve killed an innocent civilian as well. Maybe if you tell us where the information is, we won’t kill him.”
Tony doesn’t understand why he feels like he’s being undermined. “They aren’t my body guards. They’re my friends… I think.” He mutters lowly.
Tony didn’t respond this time, he just nuzzled his head into the junction between Steve’s neck and shoulder. Steve sighed quietly and nodded to Bruce as he picked Tony up, Tony’s legs going around his waist subconsciously.
There’s also something about the phrasing in the contracts. Odd capitalizations and some words written in different languages, Tony’s suspicions slowly rise.
“Perfect. Let’s go to the top, baby boy.” Tony says, leaning back against the cold wall of the elevator, suddenly feeling exhausted.
Tony’s eyes widened and he backed up, so far that he would’ve run into Phil if he hadn’t pushed Tony away. “Oh- I- uh… geez, sorry- I um, well... Hey, Mr.- um, Sir?” Tony stuttered awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck. He stuck out his hand, “I’m Tony Stark.”
“Wow.” Natasha and Steve said at the same time. Bruce was sighing disbelievingly and Clint was just staring after the kid. “That’s some kid, huh?” Steve asked. “I though you told me children nowadays were vain and snobby? Especially the rich ones?”
More guilt piled onto Steve. He just wanted to find Tony and grab him and “sorry sorry sorry” Until everything was better again.
“By the way, how come neither of you told me Captain America has a beard?” Tony asks dumbly, because
“We’re 40 minutes out.” Steve grits. “Probably sooner. Shield is on their way, Tony. It’s going to be okay.”
The other looks relieved at the change in subject, “I’m Steve.” He returns, shaking Tony’s outstretched hand heartily.
Tony winces sympathetically, placing a comforting hand on the other’s shoulder. “Well, if you’re really passionate about your job, then you probably made the right choice.”
“Steve! Cut it out!” Tony huffed, still trying to pull out of Steve’s grip. After a few moments, Steve had calmed down and he let out a breath, smile still high on his face. “You done?” Tony questioned skeptically, eyebrow raised.
Tony smiles, open and genuine, “James Rhodes. We met in freshman year when he pulled some posturing alpha off of me at a party.”
A new voice pierced the air, startling the Avengers, “I’m wounded, Clint.” Peter said as he waltzed into the room.
The woman on the other side of the room doesn’t look angry or scary the way she did the last time Tony saw her. She looks
So I spent about 30 minutes trying to figure out if it was correct to say “quicker” or “more quickly”.
After Logan gave Tony his little pep talk, Tony didn’t want to do much other than sleep. He was aiming for the guestroom downstairs, but Logan just shoved him down his hall. Tony really did not want to deal with Steve at that moment. He inhaled deeply and remembered Logan’s words, ‘be a kid your age.’
, a paranoid voice in his head reminds—will tell Shield. They’ve always put too much trust into the organization. Yes, Tony trusts Coulson and—to a degree—Fury. But if Howard Stark, one of the key founders of Shield was HYDRA, then who’s to say the entire organization isn’t following in his footsteps?
“Rhodey!” Tony yelled. “He’s lying.” Tony muttered, glaring darkly at the Cadet. “Why don’t you make yourself useful for once and help me up?”
Well, he tried to scream, but for some reason, it didn’t go through to the real world. It sort of just bounced off the walls of his mind and echoed back around. Tony recognized the crippling tiredness. He was no stranger to this feeling. Even at his young age, with all of the drama around finding the Avengers placements; figuring out how to get them into New York, how to convince them to be a part of the team, all the while still running a multi-billion dollar company… yeah, tiredness and Tony were old friends by now. Tony sighed deeply, tried to tune back in to the conversations around him. He could vaguely feel someone playing with the hair on the back of his neck, but he dismissed it.
Steve dropped his hand from Logan’s chest and strode over to Tony, who was still looking disheveled and upset. “Are you okay, Tony?” He asked softly, putting his hand behind Tony’s neck and checking for any injuries, “He didn’t hurt you?”
Tony had tentatively hugged Rhodey, and with a nervous glance to Steve, he slowly let his hand fall out of Steve’s own. Then, the two friends went out towards the penthouse’s lobby.
“Thanks.” He said pleasantly, smiling at the room’s occupants genuinely, “It was cool meeting you guys, see y’all at home, yeah?” And with that, he waved at them and walked out.
Beside Tony, Clint shifts uncomfortably, his eyes hard and challenging as he looks to Fury, “That’s a lot to ask.”
Once they were in the car Coulson turned to look at Tony and Pepper, “The second we step into medical at base, you are telling me what the fucking hell all that was.”
“S.H.I.E.L.D. trusted you with him. I trusted you with him. You’re going to make this right if it’s the last thing you do. Either for the sake of the Avengers and for the sake of your own sanity, your choice.” He said, promptly turning on his heel and walking away.
Pepper on the other hand, is staring at him like he’s crazy. “Holy shit.” She says, grabbing Tony’s attention. “What in the hell was that?”
In Steve’s arms, an audible inhale escaped Tony, but his eyes didn’t even flutter. His breathing started to even out and finally, his body relaxed in Steve’s arms.
“Please, Cal, just cause he was kind to you once- right after you finished doing him under the tab-“
Peter was flopped onto the couch in Tony’s workshop, bouncing a ball lazily against the ceiling, while Tony worked vehemently on some new idea that had hit him in the middle of multiplayer GTA V. “Tony…” Peter whined childishly.
“Wait. Peter. You realize that if you ever, and I mean ever, speak a word of this situation outside of this room you actually will be killed. Not even by me, Peter, by an experienced assassin.” Tony warns. “You have to keep this between us. Whatever my-“ Tony leans in as if there were people around them “-suit can do, that needs to stay between you, me, and, I guess now Pepper too.”
“Will you three stop wasting our time and get your asses in here?” Fury’s delightful voice yells from inside the office. Tony all but bolts in, nodding politely to Coulson and sending a salute Fury’s way.
The man, staring at Loki from inside his magical prison stared before starting to laugh maniacally, “But he destroyed you. Like the weakling you are.”
The science wasn’t completely sound, but it was Tony’s best shot at this point. He wasn’t even positive that the arc reactor was a good idea for mass production. Yes, it would serve as an amazing step towards clean energy for the entire world. But it would also be a huge temptation, and Tony knows the board of SI and even worse, the military, would want the technology for something else. Something bigger and much more dangerous.
As soon as Natasha realized that her tough façade was slipping, she covered her adoring smile, but Tony still have her a knowing smile. “Cica, the others and I are leaving now, but you should sleep more. Okay, édesem?”
“I am Loki, Son of- well, just Loki… for now…” The man, Loki, said. Tony could feel the confusion and uncertainty in his words. Suddenly, Tony remembered something Nick had mentioned in the de-briefing.
The contracts are short, criminally vague. Nothing in the text suggests that there was even a transaction for the weapons. As if they were a
Obadiah raises a hand, signaling for the sputtering board members to stop. “Tony, I understand your concerns. Don’t you ever wonder why Howard and I went separate ways? When I found out about the questionable way SI was distributing weapons I went to your father personally to try and sort things out. I was severely uncomfortable with how our weapons made for the US army were being found in enemy territory.” The older man shifts in his seat, an offbeat look in his eyes, “That’s where your father and I disagreed. He thought as long as we were making money, it didn’t matter.” Obie sighs, “I won’t speak ill of the deceased but you know your father, Tony, he wasn’t exactly easy to convince. When I couldn’t make him stop production, I decided that it would be for the best if I left the company. I got into this business because I wanted to help protect and defend the people that risk their lives for our country, but I can’t do that without your help. And this time around, we’ll be able to do it the right way. No backhanded deals, no potential for these weapons to fall into the wrong hands.”
Tony knew that that was going to be the answer, but it didn’t hurt to try. On that note, he dialed a new number onto the keypad. It rung about three times before the familiar southern voice filled the speaker, “Well if it isn’t little Ant. I knew you’d call sooner or later.” Peter said teasingly.
Tony’s face crumples at the question. “Jarvis,” is all he whispers, voice thick and Steve watches helplessly as the younger caves in on himself, hands covering his face. Steve watches in horror as the omega in front of him sobs. Steve’s never been good at this kind of thing. Delicately, he places a hand on Tony’s back and glances up at the ceiling, wondering if the AI is going to respond to his distraught creator.
She narrowed her eyes at Steve when he looked her way after perching himself on the stool next to Tony, who kept his eyes in his coffee mug. Steve just smiled, giving off the annoying aura of “I know something you don’t”, and Natasha wanted to punch him in the face.
But Steve didn’t allow himself to himself to watch Loki’s misery for too long. His attention was immediately turned to the boy writhing and whimpering on the floor. He hesitated for only a second before running to the far side of the room and collected Tony into his arms. Tony didn’t struggle, not moving at all, he just continued moaning, his face contorted in pain.
Disclaimer: I offered to sell my soul to the devil for the Avengers but he won’t give them up so… yeah, I don’t own them (yet.)
his fault that he had caught Tony in that elevator after Rumlow was roughing him up. Really, Steve’s been protecting him since the moment they met so what did they expect?
“Yes, like the fact that Maria Stark killed herself.” One of the women remarked. “Now Callie can have him all to herself.”
Steve exhales softly to his left, and a strong, heavy arm drapes itself over Tony’s waist. He tries his best not to snuggle backwards but allows his hand to cover Steve’s arm, a tad helplessly. Tony’s crush is just a little hero worship gone too far—he’ll get over it eventually. For now, he’ll allow himself the comfort of a strong alpha who seems to care about him at least a little bit. Blinking at the tattered picture of Steve and his dead best friend one last time, Tony closes his eyes and tries to sleep.
There was an exaggerated sigh, “With me, obviously. Ant, I think I’ve got your dad on the phone or something.” Peter said away from the phone
Justin gives him a nod and continues, “First off, your new brand of body guards. I mean, dude- that’s what you kids say now right?” he asks, cutting himself off. Tony resists the urge to roll his eyes. He gives Hammer a passive nod and Justin continues, “-I mean, dude, you’re on a whole ‘nother level! Like that replica of that 40’s comic book character! And don’t even get me started on that green monster thing!”
Thor was quiet, and Steve almost ordered Logan to take him down, afraid that Thor was going to switch sides, but Thor recovered quickly, tightening his hand around Mjölnir. “You have hurt this world enough already.” He said simply, “You must accept defeat now, or you will regret it profoundly.” Thor advised.
“I’ve heard that one before.” The boy says, voice deeper and more accented than Steve had expected. He can’t decipher exactly what origin the accent comes from.
“Listen to you what? Apologize for the fortieth time? Feel bad for me some more? I’m over it. It’s done. There’s absolutely nothing any of you can do about it now so do what I did and get the fuck over it.” He growled.
Steve pushed own the jealousy he felt at his Tony wearing another man’s shirt (especially a man like “Petey”) and grinned around the toothbrush sheepishly. “Uh..”
Tony sighs, glancing down at his grease stained shirt. “Damn,” He mutters, rushing out of the workshop shakily to get a shower.
Steve’s arm wraps around Tony’s back and tugs him into a hug. “I don’t want to take any of it back.” Steve admits lowly and the omega relaxes into the hug. They stay there for a moment. Comfortable, happy, and content.
Tony nods, “I definitely get that. There’s a lot of days where I wish people would just forget my last name, my secondary gender, and just see
Rhodey glared at Steve, “Don’t call him stupid. You guys are the reason he’s run away in the first place.” Then Rhodey sighs, “He does have a fake ID, but he’s never used it as far as I know.”
Tony nods, his breathing finally evening out as Steve’s hands continue their soothing ministrations down his arms. He looks back up at Steve and hesitates before he speaks, “I think I’m going to pass out now.”
“Do you think that’s how Jarvis feels about me?” Tony’s voice is small, and for not the first time in this conversation Steve is reminded just how
Tony didn’t say anything, letting Peter have his laugh. Peter noticed his silence quickly and straightened his facial expression. “I’m sorry, Tony.” He said softly after a moment.
“What are you, kidding, Callie? Did you see his face when we saw her body? He looked like he was going to murder someone. I just hope that someone wasn’t the little one.”
The black haired man looked at Tony slowly. “Tony Stark, I presume?” He asked, his voice not sounding nearly as sinister as he looked.
“He is not my brother. He never will be my brother again. I am a frost-giant, a monster, to his people.” Loki said bitterly. Tony backs up further and finally finds the button, pressing it discreetly.
After reminding Peter of the mysterious helmet and gloves he had seen being created, Peter’s eyes began to light up with understanding. As Tony continued on into his story, where his mission from Phil began and then ultimately ended in the way it did, Peter’s jaw was on the ground. “You.. YOU of all people… killed someone? Two someones?? Holy shit, Ant.”
But the information is right in front of him. There’s no way he’s making this up. There’s too many connections, the words are literally on the page.
“Yeah, Tony. See you soon, édesem.” Natasha kissed his forehead, almost automatically, surprising herself.
Suddenly, Tony’s yells stopped, and that must mean that Steve’s back. Clint would’ve thanked God, but after watching an innocent little kid being torn apart from the inside-out, Clint didn’t think any god who let things like that happen was worth thanking.
Whoever this person was, they wanted Tony to make a choice, one just like his father had in the past. Tony’s mind immediately goes to Stark Industries. This would not be the first time someone had tries to influence his decisions as CEO. And if this person wanted him to make a choice that his father had made, then it’s clear that Tony’s doing something with the company that Howard wasn’t doing.
Steve sighed, “The first day we met, Coulson said that you have a way of finding the good in the worst of people, and I’m beginning to think he’s absolutely right.”
“But-“ Tony stuttered, “You- you’re-“ His face heated even more, “Steve!” He groaned, trying to get away from Steve once again.
how much this means to me.” Tony can feel his voice raising but he can’t believe Steve is freaking out over such a small thing.
Steve huffs in acknowledgement but doesn’t move his eyes from the boy through the window, who stood defensively the second she walked through the door.
Also, I sort of insinuated that Clint had a religious-ish-problem. Uh-no I didn’t mean that, I don’t really think any of the avengers have beliefs like that (cept’ Steve with his whole “there’s only one god and he don’t dress like that. He fab.” thing) so yeah it’s not a biggie. Just a stupid line. (that I wrote)
“Of course I am. You are too.” Clint says, his tone light but there’s something else there. It’s clear that Clint is at least somewhat aware of Steve’s feelings. Not that he’s been subtle. Clint looks frustrated then, “He’s always different in December. After Jarvis died… he hasn’t been the same. But most of the time he seems to be happy. But whenever the anniversary comes around he just shuts down.”
Tony suppresses a yelp, turning quickly and holding the torch up in his hand like a weapon as he looks around. The workshop darkens as he turns, the shadows in the room creeping inward slowly as if they had a life of their own, tendrils lashing out and covering the space he often thinks of as his safe place in complete darkness. The only light he can make out is bloody, red and blurry. His head pounds and he can feel his pulse rising, almost against his own will and his vision narrows into a red haze. “Wh-what the hell?” Tony whimpers, stumbling slightly and bracing himself against the desk as the haze begins to form into a human shape. It’s terrifying; smoky, not quite transparent but opaque enough to make out a body creeping towards him. He can’t make much out, the blood rushing in his ears sounds like a waterfall and he feels impossibly distracted.
Coulson gave him a sympathetic smile as he stood, “Good Luck, Tony. Remember this. If anything goes wrong- anything at all, leave. If our insider doesn’t show up at exactly 9:45, leave. If the bartender won’t give you the whiskey, leave. We have people stationed throughout this entire gala, each and every one there to keep you and our insider as safe as possible, but you need to be on high alert. You can handle this, right?”
He pads down from the roof, shivering from the violent cold of New York’s winter. The tower is so incredibly quiet without anyone in it, he had almost forgotten. Even though Bruce and Nat were almost always radio silent, the absence of Clint’s hysterical laughter at dumb TV shows and Steve’s soft hums while he draws are damning evidence that Tony misses them.
HAMMER INCORPERATIONS invites you to the congratulatory dinner in honor of the new joint branch: STANE INDUSTRIES
It wasn’t like he was curled up in the middle of some S.H.I.E.L.D. room, monitoring every move of every Avenger and enemy.
The opposing alpha—Rumlow had called him Steve—looks unconvinced, but drops it. “Right, ah-“ He awkwardly lets his arms drop from where they were holding Tony, taking a step away from the omega, “Sorry, I just, you smelled really distressed and I-“ He cuts himself off, looking pained.
It had only been two days since the attack, but Tony had calmed considerably since the day before, and the only drugs he had were painkillers for the bruising around his waist.
No, he didn’t make an angry grumbling noise or anything, he actually growled at Steve. Steve heard this along with a metallic sheering sound that made Steve want to cringe and cover his ears. He also heard Tony yelling. Steve’s eyes widened at the elongated, metal claws ripping from the opposing man’s knuckles.
There was a sigh of frustration, “I don’t know, Steve. I have a good pulse, but his BP is unnaturally low.”
Tony’s eyes were set on Steve’s mouth and his head was pushing against Steve’s forehead lightly. Steve smiled genuinely to himself as he brushed their noses together lightly in a slight Eskimo kiss before pressing his lips against Tony’s own. Tony sighed happily as he let Steve take control of the kiss. Steve went straight to business pulling Tony fully on top of him, forcing Tony into a straddle position as Steve continued to domineer his tongue into the younger mans mouth. Tony whimpered as Steve grabbed his ass roughly.
Steve, unnerved at seeing Natasha so shaken, yanks the door open to let Natasha leave. As soon as the door closes, the boy begins
Tony’s breathing picked up along with his heart rate. “No, Steve, I can’t! I’m an Insomniac! And I have PTSD and I can’t fall asleep and even when I can I just have nightmares and they freaking hurt i mean how can nightmares be so freaking real?! I don’t get it, St-“
And Steve hates the way Tony calls him Cap; how he uses it as a way to put distance between them. It doesn’t sound right, not for Tony. It’s too formal, too impersonal and strained.
“Tony. Tony, listen to me. I was just kidding, yeah? It was a joke, I’m not mad or hurt or anything.” Peter soothed quickly, recognizing Tony’s panic. “Actually, the only thing I am right now is coming over.”
Phil gave him a look that made Tony think he was about to interject, so Tony reminded him, “A splint will look a lot worse to the Avengers. If not to save your own life, at least do this for me. Maybe if it looks okay, they’ll let me leave the tower every once and a while. Maybe.” Tony grumbled the last part.
Her cica was just a baby, after all. He didn’t need a 75 year-old war hero in his life until he was at least old enough to drink.
Er um and I’m not sure how anybody’s going to feel about the new mayhaps pairing I put in here. If y’all hate it I can change it, (I don’t even ship them, really) I just thought that their characters fit together better in this fic :P
Tony’s head snaps to look in Clint’s direction, an alarmed look in his eyes, “Do you think it’s a coincidence? The timing?”
Tony quirks an eyebrow. Beta-Alpha relationships aren’t unheard of, but they’re definitely less common, only having been legal for the past decade or so. “Tell me about it.” He agrees lowly, picking at a loose thread of his jeans.
Tony props himself up on his elbows, giving what must be an attempt on a flirtatious look, but he’s laughing too much to pull it off. “I don’t think anything could
“Wait. You’re telling me that those over protective fools are actually leaving you- an eighteen year old kid- alone in a giant tower for a few days?”
“Well, I wasn’t expecting someone as pretty as you to walk through those doors, so I guess you can say we’re both pleasantly surprised.” He said, keeping up his over confident demeanor. She laughed, a perfected fake one, Tony could tell.
The room around him was suddenly silent. Tony felt a blanket being placed over him (not as warm as he was before, but it was better than nothing) and heard them tip toeing away. With that, Tony let sleep take over him again.
He sighed tearfully, banging his head against his door. Finally it seemed his tiredness, fear, and the past betrayal was getting to him.
It was well into the wee hours of the morning when Tony decided to stop wandering around New York. He made his way back to the tower tiredly and slowly, thinking about various things ranging from the newly acquainted Obadiah Stane to what he was going to do about the Avengers. He had a feeling that his phone would be blowing up right now, if he had brought it with him. Tony could only imagine the worry that the over-protective Avengers were feeling right now, and he wondered if they were out searching for him.
Tony started before gaping at Peter. “He did that? After everything?” Tony asked, sounding betrayed and hurt.
“You’re wrong, Tony.” Peter scoffed. When Tony tried to intervene Peter shot him a dirty look. “I haven’t heard one person talk about you badly. Even these strangers! I mean, yeah, pretty much every single one wanted to get in your pants or your bank account, but still.”
Thor startled at the sudden movement to his right, settling when he saw Clint and giving him an amused smile before going back to his beloved pop tarts.
“Alright everyone, Party’s over!” Peter yells, ignoring the yells of protest. “I suggest you follow those pretty blue lights over to the exit before they turn off and the police show up!”
“Lockdown the lab and don’t let anyone in until Shield gets there.” Steve says, much more calm than Tony feels.
Peter stopped laughing. “Are you- No… you’re a fucking- Oh my god!” Peter burst out into uncontrollable laughter. “You’re a virgin?!” Peter was on the ground laughing.
“Uh.. um, Yeah, of course.” Tony stutters, not sure what the best response would be at this point. “We were just ah…  messing around.” He finishes, feeling only a little disgusting for agreeing with Rumlow, but also not wanting to step on anyone’s toes. He didn’t come in today to start any trouble.
“You’re not going to apologize for your father’s actions, right?” Steve asks slowly as he sits next to Tony.
“Nope!” Tony yelled immaturely. “Talk to me when you realize I’m right!” Tony said, trying to get past Steve’s large frame.
But anyway, I added a surprise character, for no other reason than because I like him. ITS MINE I SHALL DO WHAT I WISH WITH IT.
When Steve asks where Tony is, late that night, Jarvis is reluctant in giving up his creator’s location. When Steve had persisted, the AI had done what Steve guesses is the robotic equivalent of a heavy sigh before confessing, “I’m afraid Sir is a bit indisposed at the moment.”
“Nice to meet you, Tony. I’m Peter Parker,” The beta responds with a laugh, shaking Tony’s hand enthusiastically.
Tony sniffs, tossing the gun into a drawer in his desk before flipping down his goggles once more and lighting up the blow torch he had been working with. No need for handguns, Tony’s got his own weapons to test out.
It didn’t take long for Peter to get to the tower. Tony felt like he had rested for a solid 2 minutes when Peter came bursting through the doors. “Tell me everything!” Peter demanded.
Justin Hammer was sort of Tony’s arch nemesis. At least, before Loki he was. He was a rude and annoying man in his late thirties, who hated Tony ever since he grabbed control of his father’s company.
ALLLLSOO if you have any suggestions/ideas/comments on what YOU would like to see happen in this story don’t be afraid to tell mama maryclaire!
After giving the avengers a quick of the communal spaces on the residential floor and introducing everyone to JARVIS, Tony sneaks away to the workshop as quickly as possible.
Steve looks destroyed. Tony has to look away, unable to watch his own father disappoint Captain America the same way he had disappointed Tony years and years ago. With little else to do with himself, he looks back to Wanda.
Howard and Obie had been long time friends and business partners for most of Tony’s childhood. Tony hadn’t heard much from the older man since his parents died, he had been too busy finishing his degree and preparing to take over SI at the time to notice that Stane had been building up his own company.
Bruce took in the adorable sight in front of him. Tony, in nothing but Captain America pajama pants, was staring off into space, looking rumbled. Bruce smiled at the sight, but then groaned upon seeing the time. “Um, Tony?”
Maybe he is just delirious. One second the air in the hallway feels tense, the quiet isn’t so much awkward as it is
“That’s what I thought too!” The guy agrees enthusiastically before slumping, “But now, I’m not so sure. It really sucks without her.”
If you are not aware this is a rewrite of a story I wrote five years ago. It IS linked below so if you really want to, you can go ahead and read it. Let me warn you though, it is incomplete and terribly written. You DO NOT need to read that story before this one and in fact I'd prefer if you didn't because it has SPOILERS for this story.
Both are similar to the first, each filmed on a crappy phone, all by the same man. Each time Tony’s a little older, and each time he’s a little more injured.
Phil gave Tony another look and then recited, “It’s simple. All you have to do is go to the party and don’t bring a date. Mingle for a little bit and at exactly 9:45 our source will walk in right beside Mr. Stane. At exactly 9:45 you must be standing next to the bar with a whiskey fireball- and don’t you dare drink it. Do not approach Mr. Stane at any costs. He will definitely be looking for you, so try and lay low and wait for our insider to come to you.”
Tony’s eyes then snap to his wrist. Wait just a minute. Tony wanted to face palm, he quickly pressed the button on his wrist and he just prayed that this would work. He waited…
“If no one knows what it is then how did you get into it?” Tony asks, definitely curious but mostly wanting to keep the attention off of his still shaking hands.
Tony sighs, running a shaking hand through his hair and scooting away from Steve so that their legs are no longer brushing against each other’s. Steve feels the distance a little too poignantly. “That’s just not how they were, I guess.” Tony says lowly. Steve can tell, Tony
Tony wants to punch him in the face. Instead he faked a smile back. “You too, Justin. It’s been a long time.” Not long enough. “Now, why did you want to meet with me?”
Exactly thirteen minutes later, Tony is sitting at his “home desk”, wearing a three thousand dollar Armani suit, across from Justin Hammer.
Justin laughs obnoxiously, “Right, cause’ friends drag you home from the bar and scold you for having house parties.” He snorts, “I guess they also put you in dire danger with that villain. Loki, was it?”
Steve glances down at Tony in a way that could only be described as fond. “You’re meeting Captain America today, right? You’re Howard Stark’s son?”
The doors to the lab burst open. Within seconds there are Shield agents covering the room, weapons trained on the girl opposing Tony. There’s a hand running along Tony’s side and the omega grips Clint’s hand tightly. “I’m okay.” He says immediately, feeling the worry coming off his pack mate in waves. Clint’s body language stays on guard, but his eyes soften. Just seconds later, an overwhelming scent fills the room and Tony braces himself, turning just in time to allow Steve’s hands to grip his neck gently. The alpha uses the hold to maneuver his eyes across Tony’s face, first, then down to the rest of his body.
It’s not as if most Shield agents don’t feel the same way. People aren’t nearly as subtle as they think they are. Even now, as he’s walking down the hallway of one of the most secure buildings in New York City, he can hear their whispers. He knows exactly what they see when they look at him. Never mind the fact that he’s been building their weapons and transportation systems since he was sixteen, people would only ever see what they wanted to. Coulson’s pet project, Clint’s little shadow, Fury’s never-ending headache, a young, wild omega who needs to be taught his place. The words don’t bother Tony the way it used to, at least nowadays people just left him to his own devices for the most part.
Tony blushed. “That’s… that’s actually a possibility.” He sighed. “That’s so lame, though! I could’ve at least been knocked out by like a toaster or anything slightly less humiliating.”
Coulson hadn’t arrived as far as Tony knew, so he sent him a quick text, “I’ve got a new babysitter, Phil, no need to come over.”
Natasha. Steve still feels guilty about his earlier reaction to her. Ever since the serum he’s been able to recognize threats from a mile away. All alphas had a potential to be a threat, but some were special cases. Natasha smells
The camera was obviously being held secretively, judging by the awkward angle and bad quality. There were voices drifted on and off the camera, as it showed feet walking by. There was crying off in the distance, as well as some screams. But the most prominent words were the ones being spoken to the camera holder.
The lead doesn’t look like much. In fact, he looks to be Tony’s age, maybe even younger. He’s got bright, white hair and an off-put, almost childish expression on his face. Not even looking scared to be in a high security government building.
impersonating his father steps forward, grinning cruelly like Tony’s the most hilarious thing he’s seen in years.
He thanked Happy and got into the elevator, which quickly made its assent up to the main floor. He dully responded to Jarvis as he was greeted upon walking in the door. He took minimal notice to the heaps of bags near the rooms specifically made for each Avenger and made his way down to his workshop.
“Neither have I.” The boy says shortly. He’s scared, it’s clear through the way he’s speaking and how he holds himself. It’s a huge contrast to how he was acting before Natasha walked in the room.
The tiny face on the screen was unnaturally bruised and bloodied. The camera only caught it for a second, but it was enough for the Avengers to see.
“Injured, yes.” Doctor Lawson intervened this time. He gently picked up Tony’s arm, pointing to a deep purple bruise winding around the circumference of his arm, right below the elbow. Tony’s eyes widened at the bruise, blood dripping down one side of it. He recognized that it was right in the area that the gauntlet had clasped around his arm, and made a mental note to loosen the bolts and enlarge the size.
That thought was quickly pushed away, soon the only thing Steve was thinking was “Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony” Maybe the occasional Clint, but Tony was top priority in his mind. Clint could handle himself easily. Clint had survived through torture and beatings and spy training. From what Steve had gathered, Tony had barely even survived his childhood.
He pressed the button and almost immediately the doors slid open, allowing Peter to enter and quickly press the button labeled “Workshop”, and quickly pressing his thumb onto the glowing blue pad that appeared with it. Tony had made that possible the first time Peter went into the workshop. For a kid with trust issues, Ant began trusting Peter pretty early on.
