“Rather I saved them.” Crowley corrected. “Or mother saved me, and then I saved them. I still don’t know if she did it because she wanted me alive or because she knew these two couldn’t make it back without me.”
Jack let out a small whimper from behind him and Sam hesitated, torn between his brothers grief and his sons. To his relief that small sound seemed to break the spell on Dean and he uncurled himself to seek out the nephilem. Dean got up wordlessly and crushed Jack in a hug, both sobbing at the loss.
“It still hurts.” Cas said quietly, “the pain is getting worse but I can handle it.”
The brothers went on, they continued to save people, hunt things, do as they where always destined to do, but it felt hollow.
“Absolutely.” Dean said enthusiastically, “what else would we do?”
“You’re not an idiot.” Crowley growled, “you’re an imbecile, there’s a difference. An imbecile would stumble along for over a decade, in love with a celestial being but never saying anything because they’re too scared to admit they feel something for another man. An idiot would let that angel rot and not try to save him.”
“You know what, though?” Dean asked, pulling Cas closer. “Maybe we should all be more physically affectionate with each other. I’ve hugged you like, I dunno, a handful of times maybe? All the Shit we’ve been through, all the deaths and pain and torture... we probably are actual touched starved dumbasses. It wouldn’t hurt us at all to show each other some love sometimes you know?”
“Dean!” He yelled, “Cas? You guys okay?”
“Fuck!” Dean screamed, “Sam what the fuck?”
“Sure, sure.” Dean joked, “if only the angels in the garrison could see you now. Castiel, mighty warrior of heaven, cuddling a mud monkey. They’d never let you live it down.”
“Better?” Dean asked gently.
Their last hunt had been a coven Rowena had warned them about. Very powerful, very petty witches where setting up shop a few hours away from their home base. They knew of the Winchesters and their angel, they had been planning on smoking them out eventually to attack. The guys had hit first, thanks to rowenas warning.
“So there’s something going on in the Akron area, it looks like one of dads unsolved cases, should be check it out?”
“Thank you Dean.” Jack said quietly. “I would like to be able to stop in, visit you all and know my family is happy. It’s hard to balance the universe and not get caught up in one small part of the story though. You guys, you’ve been the instrument writing the story for so long, you’ve all done things that have changed the course of not only humanity, but entire cosmos’s so often, I fear being around you will influence me to do things I shouldn’t. If only because you all would never stand for suffering of innocence. If... when... I figure out how to dance that delicate dance, I will be here. Until then, please know I love you all.”
“I felt a lot more then that, Cas.” Dean said sharply, afterglow dissipating into nonexistence.
———————————————
“Why’s that?” Dean questioned.
————————-
Crowley listened intently once Dean got to the fight between them and god. He smiled as Dean told him the failed ways they tried to beat Chuck over and over. Then Dean got to the part of the story that hurt the worst, the reason he was here at all. Telling Crowley something so personal and painful would be torture, but Dean was done being silenced about his love for Cas. What Cas had done had saved the world, through his sacrifice he had saved all of humanity. Dean wouldn’t belittle it by not speaking of it.
“Whatcha mean?” Dean asked lazily, still chasing that afterglow long after it should have disappeared.
“I have one more question.” Dean said sleepily.
————————————
He relieved his existence in the time he’d been asleep. He remembered every moment, from the first second god had created him, to the last moment with Dean, in perfect clarity. Those thousands of years before he’d swooped into hell and saved deans soul seemed gray and dark to him. Color and light had only entered his vision when he’d met Dean.
With that she swept out of the room.
“No.” Crowley said shortly. “I’ll sort things out with mother when I see her again. I assume she’s running hell in my absence?”
“I don’t give a damn.” Dean growled.
————————————
—————————————-
Dean knew everyone was aware of his suffering, despite him trying to cover it as best he could. When he entered a room people would get quiet, they’d give him looks full of meaning and unspoken comfort. Jody couldn’t go longer then a few minutes without grabbing his hand and squeezing, Donna couldn’t stop tearing up when she saw him, Bobby kept giving him manful pats on the back. Claire was the worst though, the one that hurt his soul to see. She’d just give him a watery half smile and turn away, she knew exactly how he felt.
“For now.” Dean blurted out, shocking himself by immediately bursting into tears again. Cas held him through it, he let Dean sob and scream his way through the worst of it before starting to talk again.
The brothers got to their feet once more and Chuck cringed at their broken faces and twisted bodies. They where smiling still, and now laughing.
“It said it wanted me to experience true happiness before it took me.” Cas explained, “telling you how much I loved you was a moment of happiness. I didn’t care, at the time, if those feelings went both ways. Telling you how I felt, letting my truth and my feelings be known, that was the happiest I’d ever been. But it wasn’t pure. I felt incredible sorrow too. I knew I was leaving you, and I wouldn’t be able to protect you anymore. I knew my words would hurt you, though I didn’t think it was because you felt the same, I thought you’d feel guilt, anger, all the things you usually take upon yourself.”
“The empty?” Jack asked quietly.
“I didn’t say that.” Rowena answered, “I said I can’t break it.”
“Eventually.” Cas chuckled, “I find it hard to form full thoughts right now.”
“Nope!” Dean said, pulling Cas down further into the couch until they both lay side by side, with Cas slung over Deans chest. He wrapped his arms around Cas’ middle and laid one of Cas’ legs over his waist. “Better?”
“Mine.” Dean crooned, grasping Cas to him and running his hands on ever inch of skin he could reach.
“The curse took it out of him.” Dean explained, “he’s going to need a few more hours of sleep to recover.”
He felt arms around him and lips pressed to his head and instantly relaxed into them. He felt Cas shift slightly and his bedside lamp flicked on.
“‘S okay.” Cas said through gritted teeth. “Just surprised me.”
“Ya.” Dean said, wiping away traitorous tears.
“Dean!” He pleaded, “Dean, please! What’s happening? What’s wrong? Where’s Cas?”
They continued walking, not saying anything and just basking in their finding one another once again. Once again, Crowley was the one to break the moment.
———————————————-
That voice, more then any other, shocked Cas out of the best moment of his existence and back into reality. Crowley.
“Yes.” Cas answered from deans chest, “thank you.”
“I’m here to save Cas.” Dean said, “finding you was just a bonus.”
“Oh I’ll please you, baby.” Dean replied, “I promise.”
“Pain.” Cas gasped.
“Anytime, buddy.” Dean said lightly, “I mean, anytime you get hit by a witch with a touch starvation curse.”
“Like a thousand, actually.” Dean chuckled, “but we have forever to get to those. Just one for now.”
“Better.” Crowley said approvingly, “not that I object to you two making fools of yourselves over each other, I’m used to it honestly. I’m just glad it’s blatant instead of subtextual, that gets old after awhile.”
“You broke it?!” Sam exclaimed, “how? Rowena couldn’t even break it how’d you break it?”
“Will you be staying with us?” Cas asked finally, speaking over Sam’s continued snorts of laughter.
“You’ll make it through this, Castiel.” She promised. “You too, Dean. I hate to say this but this is probably the best curse our haloed friend could have been hit with.”
“Ha!” Crowley spat, “and she told me to stop working with you two before it killed me! Damned woman.”
“Nah.” Dean corrects, “I mean sure, them being here would be the cherry on top the sundae, but then again if they where here I wouldn’t be able to be alone with you.”
“You’re right,” Sam said finally, “you’ve been burnt a lot Dean. You do deserve rest. I’m not ready to stop though, neither is Eileen, not yet at least.”
“You didn’t.” Dean answered, “I’m doing it anyways, stop arguing.”
Cas gently ran his hand over the hunters forehead once more and watched as the fear drained from his face and he slept peacefully once again. Cas would need to find a lot more strength before he let Dean suffer through his trauma.
“Wasn’t too far?” Dean asked, concerned. While he was enjoying this he realized Cas didn’t have much choice. Maybe he hated this. He’d hate to take advantage of the angel while he was vulnerable. To his surprise, Cas chuckled deeply and shook his head.
“You’re enjoying this.” Cas accused.
———————————
Cas almost melted into him at those words. Apparently affectionate words could also be a balm to Cas right now. He kissed the top of Cas’ head for good measure as he scrolled through his “keep watching” list to find Z Nation. The show was ridiculous, but it was supposed to be. It didn’t take itself seriously, which made it seriously hilarious. He’d watched the first season a few weeks back but hadn’t had a chance to see what happened next.
“I don’t either.” Dean said, “but by then you’d already changed pretty significantly.”
“What are you doing here?” Cas growled, not truly angry. He had missed the king of hell, in a weird and uncomfortable way Crowley had understood him on a level no other ever had.
“Hmmm?” Cas sighed in reply.
“If Sam and Eileen came, you mean.” Cas rejoined.
Dean stormed in seconds later with a look of fierce determination on his face. He looked at Sam and that face crumpled a bit as he tried to find the words to say.
“Nah.” Dean responded flippantly, “don’t be.”
Dean was in a daze of happiness and exhaustion. He hadn’t slept in a few days but he couldn’t imagine ever wanting to sleep again. He kept hold of Cas the entire time, never letting his hand wonder far from his angels. To his chagrin no one commented on it, no one gave him a sideways glance or whispered behind their hands at the hunter who was so obviously in love with the angel. Instead everyone smiled when they saw, they where genuinely happy for him and Cas.
“Dean,” Charlie continued, “we need to talk about him. You need to talk about him.”
“Oh,” Jack replied. “I know. Trust me, I’m aware of how happy you are Dean.”
This time the gasp was more of a scream as Cas clutched himself again.
As he said the angels name his brother let out another heart wrenching wail, and Sam knew. Cas was gone.
She smiled brightly at that.
“You.” She answered sadly, “only the one who made him feel that pain can take it away, Dean.”
“I’ve never deserved Cas.” Dean said, “and I never will, not in a million years. But I’ll take him, as long as he’s dumb enough to stick around.”
“I think so.” Sam said, sounding confident. “And probably won’t be longer then a day. I still don’t know what it is though. Cas, what are you feeling exactly?”
“Talk go well?” He asked curiously. He’d been worried about it. Dean wouldn’t tell Sam what had happened that horrible night, Sam thought he might be willing to tell Charlie though.
“I prefer to think of him as oblivious.” Dean said, still chuckling.
“You’ll never understand, will you Dean?” Cas asked in awe.
He thought back to the time before Cas had shown the change the brothers had affected in him. Dean had hated him, or he’d wanted to at least. Cas was trying to force him to do heavens bidding and robotic and inhuman as they came. But, almost immediately, Dean had known Cas was different from the other angels. Something told him Cas was better then them, more willing to listen and empathize if he just got him away from his brethren. He proven it time and again in that first year they’d known one another, sacrificing himself not once but several times to save Dean. He was willing to abandon heavens army for a high school drop out, somehow having faith that Dean would save the world and end the apocalypse.
“To you, maybe.” Cas said angrily, “I’d never be embarrassed of us.”
Cas smiled, he’d always striven to be important to Dean, he’d thought he’d failed time and again to do so.
“Yes.” Charlie said back strongly. “You don’t think I know? You don’t think I knew from the moment I saw you with him? I did Dean. I’ve always known. Please, Dean, you’re killing yourself and I can’t stand to watch it anymore. Please, can you trust me enough to talk to me?”
Sam knew. He always knew what Dean was thinking, how he was thinking. Dean turned around and gave his brother a smile.
“Let’s get this shindig started!” Charlie cheered.
“Cas,” he said urgently, “we can’t save them all. We can’t risk waking more people up.”
Dean shook his head, he didn’t think he’d ever be able to wrap his head around the fact his kid was now god. Cas’ kid. He smiled at that, if anyone could raise god to be good it was Cas.
“I’m finding it kinda hard to follow your thoughts.” Dean said.
“Dean found me first. Don’t worry, our own reunion wasn’t even a fraction as endearing as yours.”
“I love you. Goodbye Dean.”
His head bobbed up and down while Cas writhed helplessly on the bed beneath him. Dean very much enjoyed this, he’d always gotten a big kick out of making his partners go crazy, doing it to Cas was far, far better then he’d ever expected. His own cock was painfully swollen and leaking precum everywhere, he’d soaked the sheets beneath him already. If he wasn’t careful he’d come without ever having Cas touch him. He could feel Cas building toward the inevitable and backed off again, crawling up the bed to lay beside him.
“It’s okay,” Dean soothed gently. “It’s going to be okay sweetheart, I promise. I’m going to figure out how to break this curse. I won’t let this hurt you anymore, my angel. You’re too important to me, do you understand that? Can you possibly understand how important you are to me? How much I need you with me?”
Dean lost himself in the kiss, numb to every other sensation but Cas’ tongue against his own, their breath becoming ragged as they sought to devour one another, his heart racing up into his throat as he desperately tried to capture every moment forever in his mind. He slowly became aware of Cas’ hands, one clasped firmly on the back of his coat and the other planted on his neck, slowly traveling in lazy patterns that drove him insane. His own hands seemed to have a mind of their own, clutching Cas’ by the hair powerfully and pulling him impossibly closer by the waist. Every inch of them that could was pressed against one another as Dean fought himself for control. The need to breath and not pass out finally won as Dean broke the kiss with an agonized whine.
He slid like a baseball player next to the body and almost screamed in agony. It wasn’t Cas. It was Crowley. He should have expected Rowena to do something like this. His anger dissipated when he remembered this was the one regret Rowena had. Of course she’d want Dean to bring back Crowley too.
“Cool it, love birds.” He hissed quietly. “You already sped up time with your gooey, doe eyed crap, but you’ll attract the entity if you don’t stop it, now!”
As the sun started to come up Dean and Cas entered Deans bedroom. They hadn’t been alone since the moment Dean had found Cas in the empty. As the door shut behind Dean a wave of anticipation washed over him, they hadn’t said what needed to be said yet, they hadn’t had the difficult conversation that needed to be had.
Cas eyes dilated at Dean’s words and his breath caught in his throat. Dean cupped his face in his hand and brought is own down, resting his forehead against Cas’ and looking him in the eye.
“Sam, what do we do?” Dean asked, not taking his eyes off Cas. As they watched the angel curled himself into a ball on the couch and covered his head with his arms. Dean couldn’t take it anymore and went to the couch and the fallen angel and rubbed his back consolingly.
That sentiment, which so closely echoed Cas’ own, hit Dean hard. Maybe he truly did deserve this, maybe he deserved to be happy. His eyes scanned the room, looking at all the people he loved packed into the bunkers map room laughing, hugging, and not without a few tears of joy and for the first time in his life he felt completely content.
They passed by samadriel and Dean checked his watch again. 4 hours. They’d make it if they kept this pace. Cas stopped suddenly and knelt by the beatific figure.
Dean laid his hand on the whimpering angels back and felt Cas immediately relax. He still shivered under Deans palm in pain but it didn’t seem to be quiet as overwhelming as before.
—————————————
“We’re aware!” Dean shouted as he ran. “Now would be the time to pull another rabbit out of your hat if you got one!”
“Hello!”
Dean laughed lightly at that. He wasn’t quite sure he was still Dean. All this stuff coming out his mouth sure didn’t sound like him. He meant it though. Cuddling Cas just mellowed him enough to actually say it. He wasn’t just enjoying himself, he was craving more. He’d be lying if he didn’t admit he needed this almost as much as Cas did. He loved his angel. Saying the words was impossible for Dean, showing through action was easier, he was glad he had an excuse to do it.
“Cas?!” He yelled.
“I’ll watch over you.” Cas said softly, sitting in his chair near Deans bed. “Sleep, Dean. I’ll be here when you awake.”
Dean raised an eyebrow at Sam but eventually nodded. He’d carried Cas before, he could do it now.
Rowena
“There you go, squirrel.” He said smoothly, “mother made it so that once you found me it would start locating the angel.”
“I knew you’d make a fucking joke.” Dean growled.
Crowley lifted his eyebrows in suspicion at deans words. Then his face smoothed out and he handed the hexbag back to Dean.
“Well,” Sam hesitated. “First off cuz I’m going to have to preform a spell, but I have to find it first. Second, the closer the person touching you is to your heart the better. Profound bond and all, you’re his best shot.”
————————————————
“Fresh out I’m afraid.” The king of hell quipped.
“I don’t care either, Sam.” Cas sighed.
“Actually, I asked god to bring you back.” Dean said honestly.
“Why?!” Dean demanded, “talk to me about what exactly?!”
He and Jack rounded the doorway and found Dean curled into a ball on the floor, a bloody handprint like a billboard on his shoulder. Sam rushed to him, pulling Deans hands away from his face desperately trying to make sure he was okay. Dean fought him, clutching his hair, tearing his nails into his skin, refusing to look at Sam.
“Is that good Dean?” Cas asked, mimicking Dean’s movements perfectly.
As he thought of it Dean started to twitch in his sleep. His mumbling turned into actual words.
“I’m safe Dean.” Cas promised again.
“Really?” Cas asked. “I don’t think I ever expected you to say something like that.”
“Dean.” Sam said severely, “don’t even think of it.”
Dean rolled on top of the angels prone body, Cas legs wrapped around him instinctively as their bodies slotted together perfectly.
Suddenly Deans lips where pressed against his own. Deans hands where on his skin, his body pressed against his own as much as possible in their awkward position on the ground. Cas had thought he knew was happiness was, but everything paled in comparison to this feeling.
—————————————
“Told you she wouldn’t laugh.” Cas bragged.
They found their family again. Everyone who’d been snapped out of existence was back. Sam found Eileen and didn’t hesitate for an instant to tell her he loved her. Dean was happy for him, Sam deserved someone as great as Eileen to spend his life with.
Taking a deep breath he calmed himself. If anyone could hear him, actually listen to him, it was Charlie. He was tired of keeping it in and ashamed of how he’d let himself be silenced about Cas’ sacrifice. He could trust Charlie, he would. In a rambling soliloquy he told her the whole tale. When he was finished he continued, he told her how he felt. The pain, the anger, the grief, the regret. He never got to say it back, he never got to tell Cas how much he’d loved him too. Everything came pouring out of him and once he started he couldn’t stop. The dam had burst, he’d never be able to plug it up again.
“My soul remembered.” Dean nodded. “That actually explains a lot. I always felt that we had something more between us. I swear the first time Pamela said your name I recognized it as someone... important to me. Someone who’s always be important to me.”
Dean looked at him in awestruck wonder when he dared to ask the same question himself.
“I doubt any of them wondered very long.” Cas said seriously.
Dean stood in front of the wall that had opened last time he’d been in this room. He hadn’t been able to walk through that door again after that night. His shoulders squared, one hand clenching a small hexbag specially designed by Rowena to become a locator beacon once he went through to the other side, the other clutching an angel blade he’d found in Cas’ room. It wasn’t much, but he didn’t know what all would be awake on the other side now that Jack had made it loud.
“He won’t die from it.” Dean growled, “I won’t let him.”
“Damnit Sam!” Dean hissed when Cas stopped shaking with pain. “You hurt him!”
“I know, buddy.” Sam said, trying not to roll his eyes. “Like, is it waves of pain, does it get worse when you do certain things, does anything make it better?”
Being alone had become Deans favorite thing, as long as alone included Cas. He met Cas’ azure eyes across the miniature table strewn with umbrella laden drinks and smiled.
“Me too, sweetheart.” Dean said, testing his new theory.
“Yes.” Cas answered, “that was... that felt good. The best I’ve felt since before the curse.”
“Please Cas,” Dean begged, finally saying what he’d wanted to say for years. “I don’t ever want you to leave me again, I can’t breathe when you leave. I can’t exist anymore without you. I love you.”
“God put his faith in us?” Dean asked incredulously.
“I fucking hate witches!” Dean growled, “Sammy, what’d they do to him? They’re dead, shouldn’t their spells be gone anyway? And he’s a damned angel!”
“The witches hurt him.” Sam stated, “but I’m sorry Cas, I was really trying to avoid that.”
With that she stood up, only to stoop down and kiss Castiel lightly on the forehead.
“Guys, seriously, this doesn’t need to hurt you so much. Just stop.” He said sadly as he threw them down once more. His favorites wouldn’t listen though, and wasn’t that why they where his favorites? Because they never gave up? Because they exemplified the human spirit? Because they where everything he had wanted humanity to be when he created them?
“Just one?” Cas asked in disbelief.
“Then we will.” Cas said simply. “I want to take you to the beach, I want to show you the Grand Canyon, the Great Wall, the northern lights, the rain forest, the pyramids in Egypt. I want you to see every beautiful sight the world has to offer. I want you to experience everything there is to experience. I want you to explore unknown wilds, see cities that have been buried in time, discover wonders never witnessed before. I want all of that and more for you Dean Winchester, and I’m making it my mission to show you these things.”
“Already said I was, didn’t I?” Dean answered. “I thought this would be a lot harder, but, I dunno, it’s not. It’s you, you’re Cas.”
“Nah.” Dean sighed, “I don’t give a damn. Maybe she’ll laugh, hell, she is absolutely going to laugh, but if she can fix you I don’t care.”
“Me too.” Sam said honestly. “Those two, I can’t think of anyone else with a bond like they have. It’s like the one can’t breath without the other, they don’t know how to exist apart.”
Dean couldn’t stop himself, would never stop himself again, from cupping the angels face in his hand and pulling him forward. Their lips met and Dean could swear sparks flew, just like the night they’d first met. Cas’ lips parted slightly and Dean dove into the kiss further. His tongue drove into the angels mouth and he heard a desperate, hungry cry escape his throat. Cas tasted of thunder and the ocean, his new favorite taste.
Dean nodded sadly, another sob hitching in his chest as he stared at Jack. Jack managed to smile beatifically through his tears.
He couldn’t even bring himself, in the end, to hurt them as badly as he could have. Physically, yes, he’d done more damage to them then most could imagine, but he could have crushed Dean another way and probably broken him if he’d dared. In the end he hadn’t, he couldn’t bring himself to do that to Dean, or himself. He couldn’t make light of Cas’ death.
“No.” Jack said sadly. “I have so much to do, and amara has so much to teach me. We’re really working together this time, as it was supposed to be from the start.”
“Which is one of the millions of reasons I love you.” Cas said gently.
“Dean.” Cas plead again, Dean loved that so much. “I’m going to...”
“Cas!” Dean pleaded as he skid on his knees next to Cas a grabbed his shoulders.
“I loved you first.” Cas said back.
Castiel was gone. His son, his favorite. The only one who ever actually defied him in a meaningful way. Lucifer got the credit for being the disobedient son, but in the end he too ran back to Chuck. Cas was the only one who fought against him to the bitter end and chose humanity, as he’d been commanded. He’d been able to do that only because of his love for Dean. He wondered, as he ran his fingers through the dirt absentmindedly, if Dean truly understood the significance of the angels declaration. His only regret was that he wouldn’t ever know the ending of that particular story line. The only one he hadn’t written himself, the one he’d fought against and tried to bury over and over. It had become the center focus, he’d never know how it all wrapped up now.
Cas snapped fully awake at that touch. He could feel Deans hand against his shoulder, scorching him, branding him. He gasped in shock at the sight. Dean, he was here.
“Because,” Sam said triumphantly, “you lose!”
“What do we do?” Dean demanded.
Sam opened the door and almost panicked when he saw Cas laying on one side of the bed, facing away from Dean, asleep. He almost thought Cas was dead for a minute but one look at Dean’s sappy love struck face told him different. Dean put a finger to his lips and shooed Sam back out the door, following quietly.
“I’m excited for that part.” Charlie said happily.
“I remember.” Cas said, “I don’t think you mind that I did. I certainly don’t.”
Cas started shaking then and Dean soothed him again. The pain was still increasing steadily and Dean was trying his best to keep Cas as pain free as possible. He really was at his wits end here, he didn’t know how he could possible be any closer to Cas then he was now. They where so tangled up together Dean couldn’t tell where his limbs ended and Cas’ began. He wracked his brain trying to think of how the fuck you cuddle someone harder.
Sam helped as much as he could as his brother moved Cas and himself upright. Cas went pale and bit his lip to hold back a scream, but nodded to Dean to keep going. Sam took hold of Cas’ hand as they walked towards the bedroom and rubbed it between his own. Again, additional affection couldn’t hurt. He felt Cas’ grip tighten in gratitude.
The party had started to wind down at midnight, by 3am the only people still awake where Dean, Cas and Sam. They cleaned up the party related mess happily. Everyone they loved had been under the bunkers roof at some point in the night. Rowena had stopped in early, dragging Crowley out with her after a surprisingly emotional reunion for the mother and son. They left with the cryptic words, “you’ll be hearing from us, Winchesters.” Everyone else had either left or crashed for the night in one of the many empty rooms the bunker could accommodate. Everyone they loved, excepting one very important person. Jack hadn’t shown.
“Death was literally knocking on the door and we where fucked.” Dean said as lightheartedly as he could. He would have to force himself to say the next part, but for Cas, he would. “Then Cas decided he’d seal a deal he made with the empty in order to save me. See he... he told the empty it could take him to save Jack. The empty said it wouldn’t take him until he experienced a moment of true happiness. So he... so Cas...”
They got Cas into the room and situated on the bed with Dean. Sam stood back as Dean soothed Cas the best he could with a sad smile on his face. His brothers concern and obvious distress were hard to watch, almost as hard as Cas being in pain. He wished Dean didn’t need an excuse to do this with Cas, he knew his brother well enough to know after the curse was lifted he would struggle with this.
Dean mumbled in his sleep and turned over roughly. Cas reached out to him quickly, checking that he still slept and hadn’t woken himself with the movement. He chuckled at his own anxiety, Dean had often complained over the years at Cas standing over him while he slept. If only the hunter knew Cas did this almost every night he could. Sleep was the only time he could see Dean truly relax, unless he had nightmares, which he did often.
“I can’t believe she didn’t.” Dean answered, “I mean, I guess she knows more and knows how serious it is. She knows I wouldn’t let you die though, so she coulda at least chuckled a little. The old Rowena would have.”
Dean was awestruck by the angels words and sincerity. He’d never once thought of doing all of those things, but hearing Cas talk about it he realized that’s all he ever wanted to do. He wanted to experience all these things, enjoy them, love them, with Cas.
“Why don’t you move to your bed if you want to be comfortable?” Sam asked, “might as well, you guys can Netflix and chill.”
“Me too.” Dean said roughly.
For Dean it wasn’t even a choice, he’d do anything to save Cas, he’d proven that already. Out of all the things he’d already done to save the angel, all the choices he’d had to make for his safety, this one was the easiest. It didn’t involve sacrificing others, unleashing otherworldly beings on the earth, or traversing through a hellscape for a year, so it was no big deal. All he had to do was hug his best friend, who, to be perfectly frank, needed a damn hug anyway. And, if Dean was going to continue to be perfectly frank, he didn’t mind it at all.
“Okay then. She’ll be here as soon as possible. In the meantime I’m going to keep looking. You guys need anything?”
“The moment I pulled you from hell.” Cas said honestly. “I had to put you back together, atom by atom, fixing all the damage done to your body. I touched you’re soul doing this, truly held it in the palm of my hands, and felt how bright and truly beautiful it was. I didn’t know what love was then, my feelings where a distraction and a hinderance to me then. I agreed with heaven when they said I was too close to my charge, you, and agreed to be reprogrammed without a thought. It took all of a few days for me to fall for you all over again. No amount of torture or brainwashing could ever make me forget how much I loved you, how much you’d changed me.”
“Figures.” Crowley said as he dusted nonexistent dirt off his suit. “How are we going to find the clod?”
Cas shuddered in pain again and couldn’t answer. The sound he let out was like sandpaper on Dean’s soul. How the fuck could he stop this? 15 more hours of torture for his already tortured best friend.
“The Empty had it wrong.” Cas stated as they lay entangled.
“What do you wanna watch, angel?” Dean asked gently. His words seemed to have an effect on Cas because he stopped shaking.
——————————————
“I could feel longing, yes.” He answered slowly. “It wasn’t longing for me specifically I felt though. When someone was longing, wanting, praying for something, that’s what drew me to them. The longing I felt from you, it was intense, always. From the moment we met you longed for something fiercely. I always assumed you longed for peace. For Sam to be safe, for an end to the fighting, for a resolution.”
————————————————
“He left me,” Dean finished in tears. “He left me again, Charlie. This time is so much worse because now I know, I can’t lie to myself anymore. He did love me, the same way I loved him. I always told myself it wasn’t possible, that angels can’t feel that way, especially for someone like me.”
“I’m fine.” Cas said quietly.
“Wait.” Cas shuddered, “it can’t be broken?”
“I am.” Cas replied, “are you sure you’re Dean?”
“I told you once to never change.” Dean reminisced.
This was helping, Dean realized, Crowley was purposely goading them into being angry to keep the entity from finding them. He let the emotion run through him and held into it.
Weeks passed and they settled into a domestic routine. Sam and Eileen moved into a wing of the complex together and it became their space from then on. Cas and Dean took the wing Deans room was already in and made it their own. Since they’d moved in Sam and Dean hadn’t done much in the way of redecorating the mid century modern motif that had come with the place. Now either wing had its own feel, it’s own individual flavor. Sam and Eileens side ran towards the colloquial, bookshelves overflowing and sturdy furniture, reading nooks filled to the brim with soft cushioned couches. Cas and Dean leaned more modern and minimalist in their wing. The sharp atheistic of heavens halls could be felt when one entered it. It gave Cas comfort to see order in his living space, and Dean had always lived minimally, so it perfect for them both.
“Call me an imbecile then.” Dean chuckled.
Suddenly the absolute blackness over his consciousness started to recede. He heard the voice again, this time his fingers twitched in response.
Dean gasped in a ragged breath. No one had said his name in front of Dean since he’d died. An unspoken rule had been formed, let Dean mourn in silence, don’t name his misery aloud.
They hadn’t expected it, they hadn’t dared to expect their son, who had turned into a deity and the most powerful entity in existence, would turn up to the celebration, but it still hurt that he hadn’t. Sam saw the hurt he felt echoed in his brothers eyes. If there had ever been a reason for a deity to show himself it was for Dean rescuing Cas.
“I’m sure mother thought of this.” Crowley drawled, once more snatching the hexbag from Dean. He rifled through it again, throwing out some components, halving others, crushing other a few and sprinkling it back in. He shook the bag and said some words in sanscript before opening it and pouring it over Cas, Dean and himself.
“Haha, maybe.” Sam answered, “but not really. Dean and I are close, no question, but either of us could survive without the other if we had no other choice. We’ve both made that choice before, not that it worked out, but we have. Ever since Dean met Cas though, its different. We’ve lost Cas before, and every single time it’s like I’ve lost Dean too. He doesn’t just grieve him and move on, part of him dies too. Every time it’s been like living with a zombie. One who drinks and blacks out and screams in his sleep.”
“Sam...” he started.
Dean realized he’d never explained what happened when after Cas had died. He didn’t know if he could go through it again, especially now. He gave Cas the shortest version possible.
“Crowley!” Dean growled, shaking the figure on the floor rudely. The demon awoke suddenly, alert and afraid.
“When did you know?”
“That okay, Cas?” Dean asked, “we’ll be more comfortable, I got memory foam! Maybe watch  some stupid show to get your mind off the pain?”
You can do this. You’re the most powerful witch I’ve ever met, excluding myself, of course. You need to embrace that dearie. Use that power to do the good you want to see in the world instead of squandering it. I won’t let you make the same mistake your brother did by not listening to me.
Sam burst into laughter at that. Dean looked away embarrassed and mumbled something about how “even god should mind his damn business.”
“Cas.” Dean said quietly, while the angels back was to him. “We need to talk.”
“Oh.” Cas said again from the cage his arms made around his head.
“I still wouldn’t ask you to do this.” Cas said quietly.
“Are you fucking with me?” Dean asked, jumping off the couch again. As he did Cas screamed again and almost bit through his tongue in sudden pain. Dean immediately grabbed Cas in confusion, then stared at his brother with wide eyes that would have made Sam laugh hysterically if not for his best friend being so hurt.
“Squirrel?” He asked in confusion. “How did you get in here? Better yet, why are you here?”
“But,” Sam sputtered. “But... he... it’s not over... he has like 9 more hours?”
Dean then leaned in slowly, so slowly he could feel his heart hammering the same frantic rythem as Cas’ against his chest, until their lips met.
“Yeah.” Cas panted, lifting his face once more.
“Me too.” He said sincerely.
His drinking? He was trying. It wasn’t helping anyway. Being drunk just made the grief blur into regrets, he’d been trying to be less obvious about it as he got it under control.
Dean snuck one more look at his watch and sighed with relief when he saw his panic was slowing time down again. He refused to look at Cas, seeing him might speed the clock up again. Every once in awhile Dean would feel Cas touch his back and get a jolt of energy, his angel was using his grace to keep Dean sprinting.
“I had left my mark on you by then.” Cas explained. “Even if you didn’t remember our battle out of hell, your soul remembered.”
“Sorry.” Cas said.
“Breathe.” Cas said calmly, settling himself on the bed next to him. “It’s okay Dean. I’m here, you’re safe. We’re safe now.”
Dean let himself be rocked in Cas’ arms for a few moments, not saying anything. His head tucked under the angels chin, his hands tracing symbols on Cas’ arm and chest.
“Ughh,” Cas moaned, hands clasping Dean’s hair, pushing him to go faster.
“Whatever you want, Dean.” Cas answered.
“Yeah.” Dean sighed, “you do. I’d be laughing my ass off of the situation where reversed and you had to cuddle, I dunno, Gabriel or something.”
Dean woke to pitch darkness, which wasn’t unusual as he lived in an underground bunker. Panic almost immediately flooded him as he reached out to the darkness searching.
“I want to go to the beach.” Dean said in a quiet voice, feeling silly for saying it.
“Pillows.” Dean answered.
Dean stared at her, fury rising in his throat. His grief, his torture, it was his to bear. Speaking of it wouldn’t help, it would rip off the half formed scab that had formed through sheer willpower. How could he ever trust anyone to hear what actually happened and understand what it meant?
Cas chuckled from his nest in Deans chest and Sam realized it was pretty funny. He’d do it too, if he could save Gabe.
He struggled to take another breath and choked on his sobs. Losing his father, losing Bobby, even his mother, had not prepared him for this amount of grief. This bitter, angry grief that was burning his soul and tearing him apart. His anger was only matched by his agony.
“It’s getting worse the longer it goes on.” Cas said stoically as he could while trying not to scream. “When you guys helped me in it didn’t hurt so bad.”
Cas shuddered again, but this time in relief as the pain receded. Dean hated himself in that moment. He’d caused Cas this much pain, enough to wrack this being who’d been tortured beyond imagination with anguish. He felt his eyes burning at the thought of how much he’d done to hurt to the creature who’d only ever given to him. He sniffled uncomfortably, wallowing in his guilt.
“You like that angel?” Dean asked softly.
“What?”
“Protection.” Cas guessed. “You’re drawing protection symbols on me?”
“Promise.” Sam laughed.
“Awesome.” Dean whispered.
Empty. Dean was, empty. He sobbed on the floor of the dungeon, cold seeping into his very bones as he shook with gasping breaths. Far, far away, the sound of his phone vibrating cut off once more. How often had he heard it in the past few hours? He’d lost count. It started vibrating again almost immediately, the sound so faint in his ears he wouldn’t register it if he hadn’t been holding on to it like a life line. The noise was the only thing linking him to the present, the rest of him lived firmly in the past.
“Oh.” Cas said in confusion.
“And that she died sacrificing herself for you and your brother?”
“Because he understands.” Cas said sadly. “Jack, being part human and part divinity, he understands in a way Chuck never could. Jack will be a good god, I trust him to do what’s right.”
“As I was trying to say...” Cas said sarcastically. “The Empty was wrong. That was the happiest moment I’d ever had, up to that point, but it wasn’t pure happiness. I didn’t get to feel that until now, laying here with you.”
Dean wondered the blackness for what felt like eternity. According to his watch it had been less then 4 hours. Time seemed stretched in this place. Every ticking of the second hand felt like it’s own lifetime. He’d stumbled across a few bodies laying on the ground, angels or demons he didn’t recognize slept peacefully, or maybe not so peacefully in their deaths. Dean liked to think he’d made a huge indent on the demon population as an individual, but he didn’t recognize a single one he passed. He did find Samadriel though, curled up like a child taking a nap. He hoped the little angels sleep was as peaceful as it looked.
————————————————-
“I’m not sure.” Cas gasped, pain flooding back. “It’s just been getting worse since we left our last hunt.”
Dean was out before the last word left Cas’ mouth.
Her confidence in him was astounding and undeserved. He wasn’t so sure he could do this. It was, by far, the most complicated spell he’d ever seen, and required the caster to have incredible abilities to use it. If he screwed up one of two things would happen; he’d kill his brother, not technically but it would absolutely kill Dean to lose this chance. Or he’d kill himself. Sam took a deep shaking breath and let it out quickly, he had to try. As stricken and numb as Dean had been by the loss of their angel Sam was also hurting. Cas was his best friend, someone who he’d die for without hesitation. They both owed him this, not just Dean. Sam didn’t even get to say goodbye. And he couldn’t stand to see Dean die a slow death from grief, not if he could prevent it.
“I’m not leaving.” Cas said, almost reading his mind. “I’m just making you comfortable.”
“Yeah, Sam!” Dean called back, “come on in.”
“There.” He said, as Dean felt his skin crawl and tingle. “That should buy us a bit of time. Hopefully it’s enough.”
Hours later they still lay in bed together in the soft light the lamp shed. They hadn’t talked much more in that time, they’d just enjoyed the miracle of being together again. Deans stomach broke the love spell by grumbling angrily.
“Forever.” Cas promised. “I’m done, Dean. I’m done laying myself on the alter of self sacrifice and flagellation. So are you, so is Sam. We’ve done enough, we’ve earned our happiness. We’ve earned our rest. We are going to live, Dean. Not just survive anymore, we are going to live our lives. We deserve it.”
“Of course.” Cas said.
“There’s nothing back there for you.” It had whispered as he lost consciousness.
“You don’t mind Rowena seeing you like this?” Cas asked once Sam left.
“Because you’re happy.” Crowley said matter of factly. “Time here is relative, to your emotions specifically. The worse your regrets, the longer your suffering. The smaller your failure, the less time passes. You two being cute little turtle doves is forcing the time to go at light speed.”
“We will see,” Crowley said skeptically. “Mothers never been good about sharing power, as the grand coven could attest. Neither have I, come to think of it.”
“Cas.” Charlie said sadly.
Chuck sat on the ground, too tired to scrape and crawl through the dirt anymore. The car, the most important object on earth, was gone, they wouldn’t come back for him. Through the very human tears he smiled, they’d won. He always knew they’d win, even if he couldn’t figure out how.
“Ugh.” Dean complained. “Probably should have thought of that. Probably should have also thought of the fact these hallways echo a lot... that’s kind of embarrassing.”
———————————————
Sam nodded, his eyes watering. Dean would do his very best to bring Cas back and live a life with him. He wouldn’t give up fighting because he finally starting to understand he deserved that life.
“You didn’t let me answer before you left.” Dean said in a small voice.
Charlie walked into the dungeon with a smile on her face. Sam was glad he had her along for this, she too had been a protege of Rowena, even if their relationship ended messily.
Dean nodded, no arguing that. Sam walked out giving Cas a quick hug before he went, additional affection couldn’t hurt.
“No... please...” Dean begged, breaking Cas’ heart to hear. “Cas... please... don’t hurt him.”
“It’s okay Dean.” Sam said quickly, saving his brother from making a declaration of his own. “I know. We all know. I always thought you’d be the last to figure it out, but it ends up Cas was. The dumbass.”
“Hey guys.” Sam said as calmly as possible, trying not to make them jump. It was futile though, they both jumped apart like the other was made of fire. Cas shrieked and Dean almost panicked in his effort to get the angel back into place. When Cas was back in his arms Sam was surprised to see Dean kiss the top of his head a few times and cup Cas’ face.
It shocked Dean how easily they transitioned into this way of living, but he wasn’t about to argue with it. Sam would occasionally hint to Dean that a job was available for them but Dean brushed him off time and again. Finally one morning while Dean scrambled eggs and Sam broached the subject one more time.
“We’ll be home soon.” Dean promised, “then nothing will stop me.”
Dean looked at his watch once more and saw the second hand was moving at a normal pace. He relaxed a bit, he was glad he’d found Crowley. The king of hell may have been a horrendous enemy, but he was an amazing ally. Dean was glad they’d ended up on the same side more often then not by the end.
“He won’t die.” She assured Dean, “because you’re doing this. Unfortunately I can’t break this curse. It’ll have to run it’s course, which is 24 hours. You’re 9 hours in, good luck.”
“Dean.” Cas said gently, wide blue eyes staring into Deans very soul, “Don’t apologize to me, please.”
“Oh dearie,” she said gently as she lifted Cas’ head slightly, wincing at his accompanying gasp of pain. “Don’t worry, I’m going to do everything I can. This curse is nothing to sneeze at, and being that you’re an angel it’s got to be so much worse.”
“No need to apologize Jack.” Cas said, holding up a hand in warding. “I know you would have saved me if you could have.”
Cas thought about this and realized Dean was right. Being embarrassed of being together and being embarrassed of people overhearing their most intimate moments where two very different things. He thought of Claire and Kia rattling around somewhere in the complex and felt his face flush. He’d need to look up some sound dampening spells very soon.
That was true. The angels in heaven probably wouldn’t blink twice at the sight of Cas and Dean laying on a couch wrapped up in each other’s arms. Not when they saw Cas’ past actions as bigger, much more serious betrayals of their kind. And they where, they where unheard of, unthinkable. Castiel had chosen Dean Winchester over heaven so many times it had become routine. Hearing the angel list them out like that, it made Dean feel very thankful this particular warrior had chosen him.
————————————————————
“Well you mother made me this hexbag to locate him, ends up she geared it to find you instead.” He held it up for inspection and Crowley snatched it away greedily and started looking through the components. “You know Crowley, before she died your mom became one of the good guys. She threatened death herself to bring you back. I’m not surprised she did this to me, losing you is her biggest regret.”
“Put your hand on him.” Sam said.
“That was before, Sammy.” Dean explained, “We have a chance here brother, the first chance we’ve ever actually had, to be happy. We’ve done our parts. We’ve paid the blood price more then anyone could have asked. I don’t want to stop completely, I want to start a hunters network like we’ve always talked about. Maybe get safe houses set up, help train the new generation and keep them safe by giving them access to the information here. But I’m done putting my neck on the line, it’s been hacked at one too many times.”
“You’ll have a day.” Sam explained during a break in the spell.
Within second they where both writhing and grunting, their cocks twitching and their bodies  bucking as they came into each others hands.
“Why are you laughing?” He asked incredulously.
Sam felt goosebumps running across his entire body at that. God felt as if they where worth placing faith in. He felt tears stinging his eyes for what felt like the hundredth time that day as he let that sink in. That faith had been hard earned and well deserved, Sam realized.
Dean shook his head, bumping it against the table rhythmically. He didn’t even want to think of that, he couldn’t handle it.
Cas actually blushed in response, which made Deans stomach drop to his feet. This wasn’t any better, he was still sickeningly, crazily in love with this angel. He forced himself to look away from Cas and concentrate on Crowley.
“I’m here.” Cas said lowly. “I never left.”
“Understand what?”
As they walked Dean found himself telling Crowley what happened surface side over the past few years. Crowley had always been someone who he’d thought of as evil, but by the end he’d seen that even the king of hell could have good in him. The Crowley that walked next to him seemed like an entirely different creature. He was calm and centered. He still snarked and said sarcastic things, but the sting was gone from his voice. Apparently sacrificing yourself and being forced to relive your biggest regrets changed a person, or demon.
Sam walked in and stopped short at the sight of his hard ass brother absolutely cuddling the shit out of an actual angel of the lord. Again, he thought this would be hilarious if not for the fact it was life threatening to Cas. He couldn’t suppress the huge smile on his face though as he watched them unnoticed for a few seconds. Dean had a dopey smile on his face as he looked down at Cas laying on him. When would his brother just admit he was in love with Cas and be happy? Dean was obviously on cloud nine right now and he could have this all the time if he would just let go of all the self doubt, self loathing and internalized bullshit their father had beaten into him. Unfortunately all that was so deeply rooted Sam doubted Dean even realized he was in love with his best friend.
Dean had always hated the afterglow. That stupid moment in time after cumming where you felt like everything was just perfect and wonderful with the world. Whether he was with a partner or by himself he’d never wanted to enjoy that moment of pure good feeling that others insisted sex was all about. It made him feel vulnerable. The world wasn’t a place where you could feel that happy and content and not have it ripped away from you at any second. This time though Dean let himself feel that fully as he and Cas laid in each other’s arms, panting, kissing and just touching. It wasn’t so bad, in fact he kind of saw everyone’s point about it.
“Dean.” Cas moaned again. Dean didn’t think he’d ever tire of hearing his name being moaned in ecstasy in Cas’ deep gravelly voice. It sent a shockwave of euphoria down his spine and he shivered in sheer arousal. Dean crawled down further on the bed and stared Cas in the eye as he licked his cock slowly from base to tip, swirling his tongue around the top before gliding half the length down his throat.
“What?!” Sam sputtered, “how? Dean you said it yourself a million times, we don’t retire. You said it’s the only thing you could ever do.”
“Can’t.” Dean said, “to get up I’d have to let go of him. I’m not risking it.”
The sun beat down on Cas and Dean as they lay in their respective beach chairs. A light ocean breeze blows across their bear chest as they relax, actually relax, into the reggae beat playing over the speakers.
Dean didn’t let him finish his questions. Instead he took Cas’ face in his hands, running his fingers along his jawline, over his cheekbones, and finally across his lips. He seemed to be memorizing every plane of Cas’ face with the intensity of his stare.
——————————————
“Hate to break up this beautiful reunion, especially before it earns itself an R rating, but we need to get moving.”
“You said you could feel someone’s longing for you once.” Dean said hesitantly, “how could you... how could you not know then how much I love you? If you felt how badly I longed for you for all those years? How could you doubt me?”
“Cas?” Sam asked on concern, “is it better now?”
“Nah.” Dean said casually.
“It’s the first thing I tried.” Jack said, tears already welling at his failure. “After putting everything Chuck did to right, I tried to save you. I couldn’t reach into the empty no matter how hard I tried. All I could do was put my faith in Sam and Dean to rescue you. I knew it was well placed.”
“I know.” Cas said sadly, running his hand down Deans side. “And I’m sorry. I didn’t think you’d ever feel those thing. I don’t regret what I did, I would never regret saving you, but I don’t know if I would have had the strength to do it knowing how much pain it would cause you.”
“5 minutes.” Charlie said thickly, “I’m getting worried now.”
Sam gathered the spell ingredients and piled them on a table in the dungeon. Rowenas notes indicated it would be best to cast the spell in a place The Empty had already broken through before. He read through her instructions again, stopping at the personal note she’d left at the bottom.
“I’m glad you got him out.” Jack said simply, hugging Cas again.
Dean maneuvered himself and Cas on the couch until the angel was curled up practically on his lap. Cas was shaking and gasping, it broke Dean’s heart to hear it. Cas was mumbling something over and over, but through gritted teeth it was hard to understand him. Slowly Dean felt Cas relax by degrees until his jaws unclenched.
A few episodes later, and a few more whispered terms of endearment from Dean, Rowena walked into the room. She stopped just inside the doorway and looked at the two men tangled together on the bed. Deans hand curled around the back of Cas’ head, his other running lazy circles on his back. Cas wedged firmly in between his shoulder and neck, arm laid across his chest, grasping his shirt. Legs a mess a limbs entwined over and under each other. Dean waited for her to burst into hysterical laughter at the sight, but she didn’t. She swooped in and knelt beside the bed and started examining Cas.
“Me either” Dean laughed, “but I’ll be damned if I’m not kind of enjoying this. Not that I like the fact you’re in pain, I hate that, but this is nice. Are you okay?”
“Jack?” Cas exclaimed.
“We need to pick up the pace.” Dean said anxiously. “I don’t know how we’ve lost so much time.”
They laid on the couch silently as Dean continued to run one hand through Cas’ hair and the other up and down his side gently. Dean lightly pressed his lips to the angels temple and Cas gasped.
Weeks passed.
“Okay.” Sam said, looking at his brother, “Dean, I’m pretty sure I know the curse, and neither of you are going to like it. Touch starvation curse. Basically if Cas doesn’t get fucking cuddled hes gunna die.”
Dean drank.
What followed would have been considered horribly embarrassing to those who thought God as the creator of all. Jack was immediately dog piled, hugged, knuggied and had his back slapped by all three of his fathers at once. While some may have thought it beneath god to go through such treatment the deity himself seemed to revel in it.
Dean smiled brightly, obviously proud of himself.
Sam had no doubt whatsoever that Cas felt the same towards Dean. Cas would do anything for him, and gladly. Angels weren’t supposed to feel, but Cas had an amazing capacity for emotion that was growing every day. All of that was due to Dean, and the love Cas felt for him. Idiots.
“I....” Dean stopped. He couldn’t deny he’d caused the angel immense pain since the day he’d met him. “How?”
His memories turned to Dean once again. He could hear Dean calling for him, desperation searing into his words. Cas wondered which memory this would be: purgatory perhaps? A prayer Dean had sent him? The pain infused voice brought a moment of sadness to Cas, he hated to think of Dean in any kind of pain.
“Was is this?” Dean asked, “an intervention?”
“Was worse then all the others combined.” Sam answered honestly. “You saw some of it, but not the worst. I tried to keep everyone away from that. Eileen saw it one night, it scared her so bad she wouldn’t stay over anymore.”
“She won’t laugh.” Cas said seriously.
“It’s not.” Dean laughed, “I don’t cuddle, dude. But, if I’m honest here, it’s pretty much the least horrible thing I’ve had to do to break a curse before. It’s fine, I won’t die, you might, easy choice.”
“You need to sleep.” Cas stated. “You’ve been awake for days, I can feel your exhaustion. Sleep Dean, rest.”
“To be honest Sammy,” Dean said quietly, “I’m done. I’m officially retired from hunting, as of now.”
Cas chuckled softly and obeyed Dean. Stripping off multiple layers of clothing as the hunter watched greedily. He laid down on the bed once more, no more clothes then Dean. Cas hadn’t seemed to be willing to take that final step and be completely naked yet, Dean would change that soon enough.
The reunion went on for hours. Family and friends heard the word that their angel was back and poured into the bunker like a river. Every few minutes the bunker door would slam open and feet could be heard rushing down the spiral stairs, and voices would be raised in jubilation.
With that Jack raised his hand once more and disappeared.
“What the hell is happening?” Dean yelled.
“No!” Dean almost shouted, clutching Cas to him like a lifeline. “No, please don’t leave me Cas. Stay with me, okay? Please stay with me. Forever, I hate it when you leave me, I want you with me all the time.”
——————————————-
It was becoming quite the party, the bunker hadn’t been this full since they’d rescued the apocalypse world survivors, it had never seen this level of absolute joy and celebration. Sam and Eileen where rushing around, bringing food and drinks in from the kitchen. Jody and Donna had taken on the greeter role and Bobby was retelling the rescue tale for the group for the tenth time in the last few hours.
“I’ll tell Rowena to get her ass over here.” Sam offered as he walked towards the door. “Need anything else?”
“No, Sammy.” Dean said quietly, nuzzling into Cas, “we’re good.”
“We still doing the deep diving experience this afternoon?” Cas asked.
He wondered why he’d chosen to fight them in the first place, knowing as he did, that he’d created them to finish him. He could have avoided this a million different ways, he could have stopped at any time, but he wanted it to END.
Dean checked his watch again, 7 1/2 hours now. Damn.
Sams head snapped up at the angels response. Winchesters where bullshit detectors and the “I’m fine.” Line never worked with them. Sure, they used it on each other all the time, but they knew when it was bullshit.
Cas slept in The Empty. The entity hadn’t bothered to torture him like he thought it would.
“You don’t need to say anything,” Cas assured him, turning to face Dean. “I know everything I need to know. You don’t have to actually say it.”
“Did I ever thank you for all that?” Dean whispered into Cas’ hair.
Dean stared in shock. He tried to crush the spark of hope raising in his chest. Losing it would kill him, he knew he had barley been hanging on before but it wouldn’t be enough after he’d felt hope. In spite of his efforts a slow smile crept across his face, he was going to rescue Cas from perdition this time. He’d never let him live it down.
Cas turned back to Dean his hand reaching for him automatically. He felt Deans hand entwine with his own and melted a little from the pure happiness that made him feel. Crowley was right though, they needed to leave, now.
As he pulled baby into the underground bunker Dean noticed, not for the first time in their four hour ride home, that Cas was especially quiet. Not that the guy wasn’t almost always quieter then either of the brothers, but he’d barley said a word the entire ride and looked like he was in pain. This worried Dean, Cas was an angel, pain wasn’t something he usually felt unless he was extremely hurt.
“I love you Cas.” Dean said suddenly.
Sam started the final step of the spell, Charlie chanting along with him, lending some of her strength to his. He felt the pull as a dark, oozing hole opened in the wall. His powers had been enough, it had worked.
“I’m sorry, Dean.” Cas said sadly.
“You’re family.” Sam said, finally letting go of Cas who drew in a desperate breath when he was released. “You two will figure it out.”
“Obviously,” Charlie said in a lighter tone, “Jack couldn’t bring Cas back from The Empty. Probably something to do with cosmic balance or some shit, but that’s never stopped us. I must really love you, cuz I went to Rowena for help. She’s letting us use the Book of the Damned and pointed me in the right direction. There aren’t many ways to summon The Empty into our world, and there is only one way to do so without making the entity itself aware. Sams getting everything ready now. We’re going to get him Dean, we’re going to save him.”
Cas stared at Dean, his green eyes flashing his emotions. Pain, sadness, disbelief, anger. But love too, always love.
Dean barked laughter, the first true laugh Sam had heard from Dean since they defeated Chuck.
“What’s wrong?” Sam asked, worried already.
His eyes found Cas’ once again as they continued their trek through the darkness. Cas’ smile seemed plastered on his face and Dean couldn’t help but smile back whenever he saw it. He realized how sappy and love sick he must look right this instant; walking hand in hand, eyes locked, smiling like a dope, forgetting how much danger they where in, literally warping time with the force of his happiness at finding Cas. He couldn’t bring himself to care, although part of him was glad Crowley was the only witness to this chick-flick moment.
“Sounds a bit like you and Dean, to be honest.” Charlie said.
Sam heard the blood curdling scream coming from the dungeon and his heart sprinted in panic. His brother, he’d never heard Dean make such a sound. He’d driven the whole way to the bunker on the boarder of panic, neither Dean nor Cas was answering their phones. That scream was the first confirmation he’d had that they still lived, but it what state?
“Nothing!” Cas huffed, getting out of the car. As he did he gasped in pain and hugged himself, leaning against the side of the car. Both Winchesters almost took their doors off in the hurry to get to him. As soon as they touched him he stood up straighter and the pain in his eyes receded.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean asked as he shut the car off, “you okay man? You seem off.”
“You still hadn’t figured that out?” Crowley asked incredulously. “Castiel has been in love with you since he pulled you out of hell. He may not have known what that meant at the time but I sure thought you did.”
“Dean,” Cas said seriously. “The angels in my garrison know I fell from heaven for you. They know I rebelled for you. They know I gave up heavens army for you. This is hardly the thing they wouldn’t let me live down.”
“Dean!” Cas said, nails digging, back arching in response. Dean could feel Cas’ cock twitching and straining as their bodies frantically pushed against each other, chasing the friction they both craved. Dean quickly had them both striped naked.
“Great!” She said enthusiastically. “He’ll be here in a minute, he said he had to grab something first.”
“Of course you’re here to save your boyfriend.” Crowley snarked, “never gave a second thought to little old me after I gutted myself for you I’d guess.”
“Jack!” They all exclaimed in unison.
“I’m going to show you this.” Dean said as he slowed his pace, catching his breath. Cas eyes looked lust drunk as he lay beneath him. “You show me all the wonders of the world, I’ll show you every wonder of your body. I want you to experience everything there is to experience too. I want to be the one to make you feel this.”
“Spells can work on angels.” Sam said, studying Cas and ignoring his brothers irritated pacing. “We’ve seen it happen to Cas before. And yes, usually if the witch dies the spell dies, unless that spell isn’t tied to the witches power but a specific time limit.”
Empty
“I know.” Dean said quietly. He had no intention of stepping back through that portal without Cas in his arms.
‘In for a penny in for a pound. I’ll do whatever it takes.’  Dean thought, running his hands down Cas’ arms and back until the ball unfurled slightly. He nudged Cas’ head until it was wedged under his chin and ran his hand through the angels hair lightly. His other hand ran up and down Cas’ leg, urging his friend to calm down. He felt Cas sigh and smiled, this really wasn’t so bad.
He dipped his head again and brushed his lips against Deans forehead. Dean reached up and pulled his angel down slowly. Kissing him thoroughly. His body reacted more then his mind as he rolled into his back, pulling Cas on top of himself in the process. He’d shucked off his pants at some point in the night and was left in his boxers and a t-shirt, while the angel still had multiple layers on clothing covering his skin.
———————————————-
“It differs, from case to case.” Rowena explained, “try to figure it out if you want, or just have a nice relaxing day in bed together. Either way, Cas will be fine by this time tomorrow.”
“Dean.” Cas said soothingly as Dean continued to cling to him desperately. The angel wrapped his arms around Dean once more as the hunter pulled in gasping breaths.
Dean nodded, embarrassed. He hadn’t really thought about what he was doing. He peaked up at Cas and saw him smiling sadly back at him.
“Pillows, dude. Might as well be cozy.” Dean said lazily.
“You okay?” Dean said in a panic.
She said all of this while gently caressing Cas as he lay on Dean. Her eyes where full of sorrow as she finished.
“Gladly.”
Dean exhaled in frustration. How was he supposed to stop being happy? How was he supposed to not feel overwhelmed by his love for Cas? Cas showed equal frustration, he lifted Deans hand to his lips and lovingly kissed it before letting go with a sigh of regret.
“Did you?” Crowley said, truly shocked. “Huh, well I guess he said no. No matter, you got in here now, so you can get me out.”
“Jack.” Dean started with sincerity. “Please, buddy, don’t disappear on us again. You’re family, you’ll always be family. Ain’t no going back on that deal kiddo. You gotta go do your god business? That’s fine, just know we will always be here waiting for you. You’ll always have a place here, with us.”
“Wanna move to your room?” Sam asked.
All three jumped at the chirped greeting. No one could ever have mistaken that wonderfully naive and yet beautifully knowing voice for anyone else.
Safe. Dean heard the high pitched whine escaping from the back of his throat as he tried to breath normally again. He could almost hear Sam talking him through his panic attack, “four beats in, hold it four, four beats out.” This wasn’t new to Dean, he’d had a few in his lifetime, he just didn’t think kissing Cas would trigger one. That thought alone was enough to make Dean laugh at the absurdity of it all.
The light was getting bigger as they approached, growing from a pinprick to a glowing fissure. It looked like a warped and corrupted version of Jacks portals, with black gooey edging and emitting a sickly pale glow instead of a brilliant orange light.
“So whatever this is it’ll wear off?” Dean questioned.
——————————————-
Every minute of everyday he had to force himself to be present for his family. He lived continuously in the past, with Cas. He spent hours and hours sitting on his bed in his room, blasting classic rock into his skull and thinking of his last moments, his first moments, his best and his worst moments with Cas. His regrets and his failures, the times he’d hurt Cas, the times he made him smile, the innumerable times they’d saved each other, and chosen each other above all else.
Cas watched as Dean fell into a deep slumber almost immediately. How could anyone sleep so shortly after a panic attack? With the help of an angel, of course. He didn’t feel guilty for using the very small amount of grace he had left to let the love of his existence sleep peacefully. For Dean he would willingly use every ounce of grace he ever had, stolen or been gifted, no questions asked.
“Oh, Cas!” Dean exhaled, pushing himself against him. His dick was so hard it felt painful, the friction he felt as he pumped himself against Cas was like heaven.
“Not much.” Sam sighed, “I’m sorry, I’m looking I swear. Everything I’m finding says it just has to wear off or be broken, but nothing is saying how it can be broken! I texted Rowena and she said she’d have to examine Cas to know exactly what spell was used. I thought I’d ask first since... well she’d have to see you like this.”
“In a way.” Charlie said with a smile. “Sam asked me to talk to you.”
“Why me?” Dean asked, not really caring at this point as long as Cas stopped whimpering in pain. He’d do whatever it took, cuddling Cas wasn’t going to fucking kill him.
“Nah.” Dean said casually, “I broke it.”
The brothers both spat dirt, blood and broken teeth as they lifted each other off the ground once more. They smiled through the incredible pain. Chuck had given them the ability to withstand this, he’d trapped them in hell and broken them over and over, he shouldn’t have been so surprised they wouldn’t stay down.
Dean untangled himself from the two other men on the floor and scrambled to his feet. The portal had slammed shut, leaving them without a second to spare. He stooped to help Cas to his feet only to be knocked over again as Charlie tackled him in a hug and Sam leapt at Cas and crushed him in one too. He hugged Charlie back fiercely as she chanted, “I told you! I told you! I knew you’d be able to save him!”
“Dude, I lasted as long as I could!” Sam laughed, “this isn’t funny okay? It’s not. But goddamn I gotta laugh at it a little right?”
“Well,” Crowley drawled as he picked himself off the floor and studied the heap of bodies at his feet, “nice to see you too.”
—————————————
“Yes.” Dean whispered, sadly remembering Rowena’s agonizing walk and deadly plunge.
“Jacks god now.” He said bluntly. “He said he had to go fix chucks fuck ups. He said he’d be in the rain and the breeze and a bunch of other hippy shit, but he’s gone now. He said he wanted to be hands off and let humans actually have free will for once. I mean, it sounds great and all, but I don’t understand why he can’t come hang out with us while he does that.”
“Ya.” Dean answered.
“What the fuck,” Dean questioned, “why?!”
“Dean?” Cas questioned, “we can stop. You don’t have to keep doing this if it’s making you this upset.”
P.S. tell Castiel hello from me!
“Dean.” Kia said sternly, “when will you realize you deserve everything? You’ve saved the world so many times we’ve all lost track. You give, and you give and you never ask for anything in return. Without you Cas wouldn’t be who he is, and without Cas none of us would be here.”
“He… He said.”
“While
Cas’s eyes flare back into blue, beautiful light.
“This isn’t ever going away,” he explains, soft. Just wants to keep looking at Cas’s face.
Dean remembers that hug in the kitchen, the way Jack’s arms had seized around him so tightly. The way he’d stiffened, and Dean, too caught up in guilt, had barely tried to interpret it as anything other than relief on Jack’s part. He sighs and rubs his face, careful not to disturb Cas’s endless trek through his hair. Never really
“What… what did the fi… fish say when it… ran into a wall?”
Sam stares at him. “Dude, you didn’t see what happened out here. I almost couldn’t get out of the records room, and then the entire staircase went up like a live wire, I thought the windows were all gonna—”
“I will find it,” Cas promises, flaring brighter, brighter,
The flashing emergency lights force him to see. Cas’s body is a wreck, gouged and strafed, afire in tiny embers that burrow and sizzle out in puffs of smoke. Dean grabs his shoulders, strokes down his arms to hands that lie limp on the bed. He holds Cas’s face, but Cas’s face is slack and gray, his eyes half-lidded. Fixed. Dean reaches desperately for his wings, to touch, to spark life, but the feathers, rigid and iridescent and fucking
“Because you barely won last time, skin of your teeth, how could you possibly win it again?”
Dean comes up with a shout, sitting upright and breathing like he’s run the bunker’s entire length.
“How can I possibly fight this again?”
“Yes.”
He comes back dizzy, to find Dean fallen to his knees, hands half lifted and eyes filled with tears. For a moment Castiel fears he’s hurt him, even though he shouldn’t be able to, not here. But then Dean croaks:
Someone else offers an opinion on the manliness of holding hands with a dude in public.
The words fill his head.
Cas didn’t say a word. His hands fumbled over Dean’s chest and down his ribs, and all the little aches of being kicked around were nothing to the white hot fire slowly being smothered by numbness, and the ice crawling up Dean’s legs into his gut.
“You want coffee?” Dean blurts, and runs a hand through his hair. Cas’s eyes follow silently, a brief rove down Dean’s arm and up again, to his hair and back down to meet his eyes.
