This feeling felt just like his heat, yet he wasn’t due for another three weeks. He specifically planned the interview time so that it would be right after he finished his last one. Now he was going through one again? He let out a needy whine as he reached for his phone. He sloppily texted Meg that he was in heat and tried to say he needed a toy, but ended up just saying he needed a knot.
Not to mention the omega was definitely having a reaction as well. The omega was flustered yet trying his best to stay composed. But when he called him alpha, Dean had to try his hardest to suppress the possessive growl he felt building up in his chest. According to Dean, he was Castiel’s alpha and Castiel was his omega. That was the only solution that made sense.
He took a shower, shaved, and then went to his closet to try and find a decent outfit, which proved more difficult than he anticipated. All he really had were clothes that Dean had gifted him and his uniforms, and the clothes from Dean were mostly lingerie or pajamas. It was safe to say Cas didn’t think wearing those items would be appropriate for dinner.
Dean nodded and quickly rested a hand on Cas’s arm to help him inside the room. The omega moaned at the touch and Dean growled in response. He then closed the door and locked it, helping Cas lean against the wall. “Are you sure you want this omega?” Dean asked, even though his cock was straining against his boxers.
“That’s probably it..” Dean mumbled and pulled away, “Well there is something I came here to ask Cas-” he said but became distracted, seeing his black shirt being used as a pillow case, and a toy that he gave Cas on the bed. “Do you use my shirt as a pillow case Cas?” Dean asked with a smug expression on his face.
“Except I think I am, because you went into heat after touching my hand, and I went into rut after smelling your scent in heat.”
Dean was about to say yes, that it would get everyone’s eyes on them, that they could be targeted by other omegas in the house or that other mafia leaders could use Castiel as leverage against him if word got out they were true mates. But right now, Cas looked so peaceful and so tired, so Dean decided to let him sleep. “I guess not. Sleep well omega.” He smiled and kissed his forehead.
“That’s because it’s not for the suit, Cas.” Alfie chimed in and pulled out the next item in the box, a nice, long blue velvet dress from Versace. It was a baby blue color, just like Cas’s eyes and it was clearly made to be skin tight. “This is so beautiful Cas!” Alfie smiled, “You should try it on!”
Dean shook his head and grabbed the basket. “I got these Cas. I like to put things away myself so I know where they are.” He smiled. The omega seemed like he was uncomfortable with that idea, but Dean wasn’t really sure why.
He put his boxers away and held the pair of panties up and turned to Castiel. “Uh, excuse me, Castiel?” He asked.
Dean had half a mind to let Cas sit there and suffer, tease him for a little longer since Dean might not get this chance again. But then, remembering their deal and with Cas’s current behavior, Dean was pretty sure they would be doing this again.
“As you wish, omega.” He smirked and kissed him again. Dean then pulled off Cas’s pants and frowned, noticing that Cas wasn’t wearing any panties underneath his sweats. On the one hand, it made Dean’s job easier, but Dean wished he could see how pretty Cas looked in panties.
Dean hesitated for a moment, but then nodded, “Yeah, I did have a question..” He smiled, “I made reservations for us at a local bistro. It has really good food and some nice music. It’s at 7:00, and I made sure to clear your schedule so you could make it..” He chuckled, “So…wanna go?” He asked.
Cas’s heart stopped at that suggestion. He knew Dean was just joking, and he probably didn’t mean anything by it, but what if Cas was nesting? Omegas didn’t nest for their alphas, they nested when they were expecting a child. Cas’s hand seemed to instinctively touch his stomach as his nerves heightened. He did have sex with an alpha during his heat, but it was the last day. The end of it! It shouldn’t have been enough to get him pregnant.
Dean sighed and shrugged. “I don’t know.” He ran his hand over his face, rubbing the fatigue away. “Jack says he’s alright…I don’t know what’s wrong with him.” and sighed again.
Jack nodded. “I have to talk to Cas about something now” and disappeared, leaving Dean alone in the kitchen with his mug in hand.
Dean looked and realised he was writing their names. He put the sandwiches on a table close to her bed and sat down, Cas at his side. They were both silent.
He kept dragging the angel, blasting away at the Empty trying to stop him from moving. He fell again, Castiel falling by his side, motionless.
“I…Claire… That’s where he… got snatched.” He sat at his desk; arms crossed over his chest. “I can’t go back there, it’s too hard.”
It had almost been a week since Jack had gifted Dean one of Castiel’s feather. And today was the day he could finally bring him back. He had been overjoyed at first but rapidly started to get jumpy, worry taking over the first joy he had felt.
As he threw a stick far away for Miracle to run to, he thought about Cas back at the bunker. He had discovered this cooking channel and wanted to make him a homemade apple pie. Since it was his first time cooking, Dean was kind of worried but Castiel has assured him it would be alright. Dean sat on a rock by the path, peacefully watching Miracle run around in the mud. She was going to be a nightmare to clean.
‘Love relax we’ll figure it out eventually.’ Dean soothed within his mind, sending feelings of understanding and calm. Dean believed they would figure it out, and was determined to keep his mate’s spirits up while they worked towards that goal.
‘Dean if you want to take me you can, you know I’m yours anytime.’ Cass interrupted his thoughts, causing his cock to perk right up.
but might help if anyone wonders what the colors generally mean in to regards to Cass's and Sam's emotions.
“There was very little time, the scout as I stated sent out the alarm and Lady Celithralith ordered the entire regiment out. We raced to the portal, gathering what arms and armor we had, diving through the opening, watching as his very being was fading away. But there was nothing we could do, nor would he allow any one else to help. He promised he would hold the opening till the last Fae arrived, which he did.”
‘That’s it Dean, use my mouth, fuck it like you know I like it. Take it, give me everything, pour yourself down my throat.’
Stepping back he deployed his wings, they were not their normal vibrancy, a fact Cass took instant note off. About to tell him they would think of another plan, Dean took the option away from him. Giving a powerful down stroke, he leapt into the air, flapping hard to reach a height which pleased him before diving down towards the people waiting for them. With a grin and a shout he buzzed the startled people. Many ducking down at the sudden large THING hurtling towards them.
“Umm guys there is one other thing?” She did her best to keep the gleeful smile mostly off her face.
Cass wanted to protest, but didn’t, he knew Dean would want the same thing. “Understood, now where are we going.”
Castiel watched the three leave, hoping they would find something, but thinking they wouldn’t, he couldn’t sense any animals in the area. Probably had been scared off with all the noise they had created when they showed up. Still he was grateful, Dean needed help and while Cass couldn’t give him all the help he wanted, he could give him what help he needed.
Hiding behind a cluster of trees, they were waiting for a large group of knights to pass by, each speaking about finding the winged bastard and throwing him out of the game. Seemed they were having fun actually having a real hunt to go on. Sam and Dean would need to cross the clearing to get to Charlie’s place. The moon was shining at three quarters, the sky was cloudless, so both men were able to spot the shadow racing against the ground. Shooting their heads up, they couldn’t see anything, but a soft tik-tok like sound came to their ears.
Hmm sound was coming from far off to his left. Spotting a set of large boulders he wondered if he might be able to make it to them before Castiel found him. ‘Hey now, nothing wrong with a little mud. It’s good for a man to get his hands dirty.’ And if other parts of him were just as filthy, well, Dean didn’t mind having to help clean up. Shower games were always a favorite between them.
“Doesn’t matter how, just that I do. But I need information. Anyone here know anything about the history of the bank? Or maybe the land surrounding the area? Anything to help me out here?” Sam asked even as he returned to Gabriel’s side to check on him. He hated to draw the extra attention, but he had to make sure he was healing properly.
“Not really, only that it would fade leaving both people in the same condition as before.” The hunter reread the words making sure he had missed nothing, Because this could be exactly what they needed, except for one minor detail.
Cass pursued his lips, cornflower eyes twinkling merrily, “Okay so maybe I might have made a remark or two.” He ran his hands over Dean’s torso, checking to make sure left no lasting hurt or injury. Enjoying the way his hands gilded slickly thanks to the semi liquid coating both their persons. He would have to remember this place next time he was in the mood to get really dirty in their fun.
Slowly they brought each other to the height of passion. Soft strokes, gentle kisses, slow laps of tongue and lips as they reaffirmed their commitment to each other. Skin growing sensitive as they touched and caressed each other. When the time was right, when they were one in soul they joined in body. Castiel opening himself and welcoming Dean within, crying tears of joy as this time Dean could give him what he craved.
Picking up his fork, he glanced at Sam who was smiling with encouragement and fondness. He also could feel true warmth and happiness coming from his hunter, he was looking forward to seeing how Gabe responded to the treat. “This looks really good Sammy.”
Bringing his wings in tight, he dived towards the monster they had come to kill, eyes focused on his target. Watching as she turned away from the hunt for him and returned to taking the woman, now pressed to the ground by the men surrounding her. Wind blowing by his sweat drenched face, eyes nearly closed from the pressure, he missed how the cops raised their weapons. He didn’t miss the sound as they opened fired on a creature they knew nothing about.
Eyes widening as he looked over his shoulder as best he could through the feathers. “What the fuck? You serious?” Just the idea was disgusting, frankly there was only one supernatural being he wanted in him, but again they weren’t there yet.
Dean woke slowly and leisurely, every muscle in his body lax after the best sleep of his life. Honestly he had never felt so good, his body pliant as if he had just been laid only more so. He blinked his eyes open and the first thing he could see was feathers. Clearing his eyes more, he noticed his room was covered in multiple feathers of all colors, though the most dominate were the black and brown ones. Black ones tipped in electric blue outlined with light green, while the cinnamon ones were tipped in candy apple green with sapphire outlines.
Laying Dean down, listening to his deep breathing, steady heartbeat, pleased at finding both were normal. His mate was only sleeping, he wasn’t in distress, but he would need to regain the energy he lost during their all night trip. Removing his coat he placed it over Dean, the cave chilly with the water nearby and the shade provided by the interior and canopy. Crawling back out he headed towards the river to look for stones to build a fire with.
Cass muttered something under his breath, that it wasn’t HE who was the barbarian. Dean ignored his comment.
He had his other components ready, the heart of a virgin after her first blood. The last breath from a holy man before he died of natural causes. The skull of a woman shunned all her long life, the mind from a man most profane. Those were the large ones along with various other parts found on animals belonging to those who loved them best.
Coughing, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, he stood once more, reluctant to disturb  the pile of rot which rivaled the smell of backlogged sewers. Still Cass had said something was here and he needed to find whatever it is the Angel had sensed. Moving closer he once again poked at the blood drenched covering, seeing nothing but more filth and decay. Prepared this time for the smell, he came closer, flipping the covering off completely.
“But Sam he is not wearing the same thing as I am.” He complained once more, even as his eyes swept over the assembly, searching for anything strange. Hmm three humans, couldn’t tell if they were male or female, dressed like fried green warthogs? Or what about that extremely tall one, he had never seen a human with two extra heads, painted completely blue with pink tentacles coming out of his nipples? Where did humanity go so wrong?
Still he was willing to put up with it to win the battle with the younger Winchester. Plus he honestly loved the way Sam held him as he fed him. He had never felt as safe or secure as he did when in his arms. He had a feeling it came from the thousands upon thousands of years he had been forced to spend hiding. Never being able to open up and let people know who and what he actually was. Sure he loved humanity, but he also kinda hated them. Hated he couldn’t be who he wished to be, for his family would find him and force him to choose. Choose whose side he would take and watch as the other half of his beloved family tried to kill him.
“DEAN, I got him, I found who was in the cave.” Sam came barreling out of the place, body covered in things best left unmentioned, along with a bundle thrown over his shoulder.
In the end they did take the MG, but Dean was NOT happy about it. Sam driving as the only one who knew how to drive a standard, Cass in the passenger seat, and Dean? Dean had the honor of sitting on the back lip of the car, legs on either side of the Angel. It was a less than comfortable position for both men. As Sam drove, switching gears as the road terrain required, the motion caused Cass to rock back and forth. And every once in a while as Dean also adjusted, certain parts would come into contact with each other. The Angel tried to pretend he didn’t notice his head bumping into Dean’s spread legs but the vibrant lilac, electric purple and lavender indigo, betrayed him.
“Boys, boys, boys,” She called out to gain their attention.  “Maybe we should find out what the text says, and worry about who can read it later.” Rowena’s voice, laced with much humor, filled the air. “Now Dean how do we go about helping Gabriel?”
Four. Dean felt the impact of the spell on his chest, even as he felt the impact of the wall behind him as the electric colored light of the casting knocked him into it. Cracking his head hard enough for everyone to hear, causing brightly lit not glittery stars to swirl in his eyes.
Looking at him with eyes filled with worried concern. ‘You sure? We can try something else.’ And Dean would hunt till he found something else if asked. They had those other books, maybe something in there would give them what they needed. Cass’s next words negated his thoughts though.
Leaving the Angel to finish the dishes, Sam headed to the library to search for any last minute notes, books, documents on what could be killing people up north.
“Dude Gabriel is a dick, just a little blackmail material in case he gets snotty later.” Sam rolled his eyes but didn’t say anything more. Putting his phone away he glanced down the hill at the various cars all bracketing in his. He smirked cause he was sure they were highly frustrated they couldn’t break into his car. He honestly loved it that Cass had figured out how to ward his baby, it was a lot easier to sleep in motels knowing it was going to be there the following day unharmed.
Quieting his mind as he watched the older Angel, he slowly could feel a connection to Gabriel. There was a flow of energy moving between him and the Angel, protecting him from whatever had been out to get and kill him. And he was surprised at how calm that made him feel, how at peace he was with himself and those around him. Sam felt steady and firm once again and he wondered why. Bracing his elbows on his knees as he sat on his cot, he watched Gabriel, trying to figure out why he felt so different yet the same.
Dean had been beside himself with rage at the little punks when he discovered his baby gone. He hadn’t hesitated to launch himself into the air, not giving a shit who saw him as he looked all over hell and creation for his car. He found it nearly 20 miles from where he had parked and still booking it. Cass had caught up and only managed to stop Dean from diving down and landing on the roof. Instead he had suggested, in the interest of keeping the car in one piece that he, himself, go and stop it. He could pick it up by the rear bumper and stop it moving, thereby saving it from crashing into the main trees and mailboxes on the old country road it was traveling down.
“We’ll take care of it.” Not giving his brother any more time to argue, he angled his wings to the position his instincts were informing him was for flight. Three more beats and he was cruising at a height which gave them both a fantastic view of the mountains. Settling into an easy flight pattern Dean contemplated what he wanted to say to the silent Angel. The sun was setting but Dean was damned if he would cut short this gift he wanted to give to his love.
“What? Where they hell did they go? When did they go?” This is all he needed those two wandering off looking for trouble. Though normally trouble also found them, especially the good natured Angel.
Stunned at his aggression, and in normal circumstances would have been thoroughly turned on by it. “Holy shit Cass what’s wrong.”
“Prince Samuel’s Consort was taken after their adoption. His power was drained and used against us. It is very hard to sneak up on an Archangel at any time. Not only was this easily accomplished, he was taken, tortured and used. But what alarmed me the most; I have left standing orders to be informed of any changes to their general status. If they go on a hunting trip, if any odd characters go in or out of their home. Even when Prince Dean goes to fill his car all is reported to me. Here I received no report about this incident, yet messengers had been dispatched to tell me. I thought at first it was only the one, but a total of three were sent to inform me and demand my presence. Two messengers disappeared and the third was found with his throat slashed and tongue removed.”
For now he was stick close to his mate, shelter under the safety of his wings and his heart. Maybe in time they will find out why he was becoming so erratic and possessive of Dean. He really would like to go back to the way things had been just after he had mated his hunter. Finding his thoughts traveling in a circle, he pressed himself against Dean for a few moments longer before taking a deep breath. ‘Go Dean, I’ll be okay, please just do the spell so we can get this over with.’
And that is exactly what the Angel did, trying two more combinations and finding them all delicious. He couldn’t get enough of the tastes, to know one of his favorite foods was once again his to eat and enjoy. He only started to feel full when he finished his 10th sandwich and the waitress asked him what he would like as his free ones. He actually went with his first selection the peanut butter and grape jelly. Of all the combinations he tried that had been his absolute favorite.
“What do you think Cass?” The hunter asked as he took in the lack of activity below. The only movement being what was contained in those dark runes. It smelled so strongly of a trap he was surprised he wasn’t sneezing over it. Still they had to investigate, and determine just what the hell was draining the area of its life force.
Grabbing his Angel by his shoulders, ignoring his brother’s very interested gaze. Leaning his head till he was almost touching his best friend. “Dude, it’s never fine when you’re in pain.” He continued to whisper, putting as much conviction into his words. “I don’t like it when you get hurt Cass, it never turns out well for you. I hate the idea of you getting hurt when I can prevent it. You know this.”
The two men watched her leave till her footfalls faded away, Sam then turned to Castiel. “Do you want me to…”
“Excellent I would like to know how this will work.” She smiled as she passed it over, watching as he wrote. Only to frown as the words turned unreadable as he wrote. Dean an Cass expressed the emotion when they looked at the pad. Well Dean could read it, but Cass was in the same boat as Rowena. “Dean darling it’s not making sense for us.”
He shot up into the sky, using deep wing beats to try and get above the evil whatever it was, but it wasn’t going to let him go without a fight. He climbed high, his lungs struggling to supply his blood with the oxygen it was demanding. Blood which even now was spilling down his body from numerous deep cuts and punctures. His wings ached as he continued to climb, reaching heights normally reserved for only sub space vehicles. But his instincts were telling him to climb, to prepare for what his new physical nature was capable of. He had always feared flying, hated heights, yet now he reveled in it. His warrior blood was roused, it hated whatever this creature he was fighting. The hunter needed to kill it and his instincts were giving him tools never imagined to defeat this flying beast.
Trying to make the idiots around him understand, “I’m Sam, my brother is fighting the monster which tried to attack you. We don’t have time for this, we need to find that things other half.” Maybe with all the searchers in the area they could find her lower half that way.
When the light faded away, two women and one long haired man stared at the wreckage which was the crushed iron chair and melted pile of Angel cuffs behind it. There was no sign of one Righteous Man or the Angel who loved him.
Dean shuddered at the lustful darkness in his tone, it went right to his core to hear it. He loved dirty talk, mild bondage and denied pleasure if it was done by Cass. Because under it all he could feel how loved and cherished he truly was. If at any point in time that what they were doing was no longer fun to Dean, his Angel would break his bonds and snuggle with him till the bad feelings went away. But his hunter was enjoying himself immensely even if Cass was being a great big bag of dicks to not let him come.
Dean shifted as he dreamed about his favorite person, the owner of his heart, and the keeper of his soul. His other half and the one he would go to heaven, hell or purgatory for, his mate, Angel of the Lord, Castiel. With his deep blue eyes the color of cornflowers on sweet summer mornings, his dark chocolate hair which could never be fully tamed. Shoulders so strong and broad, loaded with hidden strength so crucial to the support of one of his best features. His wings, those glorious tresses of midnight softness mixed with hints of powerful blues the same color of winter lightning. Shaded among the blue were metallic hints of his own candy apple green, showing their deep emotional connection to one another. Those blues and greens which he would run his fingers through, watching as they slowly changed color to more sultry lavenders, violets, and orchids when he was enticing his love to mate with him.
Then in the last couple days, Gabriel had made remarkable progress in his recovery. He still had to take a nap each day, sometimes even two. But he was wide eyed and bushy tailed for most of the day. He seemed to have found new strength from deep within him, where it came from he wasn’t sure, he suspected it had something to do with whatever bond he and Sam had. Gabe was healing faster, felt stronger, had more endurance and was pleased to feel even his Grace restoring itself faster. But mostly he was walking around the bunker, sticking his nose in nearly every nook and cranny to satisfy his curiosity. The problem with being able to satisfy his curiosity in the bunker, meant he didn’t have anything to do once he had explored the place. Which means he was bored and a bored sugar addict with the attention span of an evil toddler plotting mayhem was never good.
“I do my Lord but not because it is a great honor for me. For it should have been me performing the ritual, it is my dishonor that I live while she no longer is with us.”
Dean looked up from where he was leaning against the wall, flicking his wings behind him as he straightened up. “Sam I can go, I’m a better hunter than Charlie is.”
Charlie nudged Sam, indicating with a head jerk to look at the two sleeping on the mattress. Both smiled at the sight, which then turned to incredulous looks at what played out next.
“Yes, Dean, I promise, I’ll come to you from now on.” Cass closed his eyes, breathing in the heady scent of the man before him. Course it didn’t stop him from plotting revenge on a different Winchester for ratting him out to begin with.
Puck eyed Torfind, the older of the two males, his brother Urewien standing only a few feet away, pleased with what he was seeing. They were dressed in elven armor, light weight, flexible as no other armor could be, strong enough to stop a Dark Twilight troll’s double bladed axe. Barding covered their equine backs as well, down to hocks and knees, while bracers wrapped their legs. Their cloven hooves were sharp and deadly, pure silver in color.
Putting more power into his hips, he alternated between viewing his cock thrusting into his mate, and watching his face as it contorted into one of extreme pleasure. He loved both images, though if he had to pick one he would always pick Cass’s face. Watching as his eyes lit up, glowing bluer and bluer as his pleasure climbed to the heavens he no longer visited.
Sam took over, knowing Dean was about to blow his mind again. “Dean never mind that, we are heading to a cave Naoko has been living in. Going to lay low there till night fall.”
“Easy baby, let me have this.” Dean whispered, staring at the shaft which bobbed in front of his eager lips. Hearing a pained moan of consent was enough for him, so he leaned forward and gave the first tentative lick to his cock. The man above cried out just from that little contact, causing Dean to grin wickedly, he leaned forward again and licked again, stroking along the entire shaft. Cass mewed above him, thrusting his hips forward. With a smug grin he opened his mouth wide, swallowing the thick shaft as far as he could. It wasn’t all the way, he had never swallowed cock before but after this, feeling the weight, tasting the fluid which burst out, he knew it would quickly become one of his favorite acts to perform on Cass. He swallowed as much as he could, using his hand to stroke the rest of the flesh he couldn’t fit into his mouth. He sucked gently, moving back and forth over the shaft, listening to the heavy pants coming from the man above him. God he loved what he was hearing. He loved what he was tasting too, and wondered what he would taste like when he came.
“Well, go play a video game then.” Sam didn’t look up from his book, knowing it would only encourage his childish behavior. And he sure as shit wasn’t going to encourage Gabe to go watch porn, which seemed to be the only other thing he liked to watch. Last time he had caught the horny bastard watching porn, he had to leave the room. The acts the men had been doing to each other had been branded into his eyes for hours after. So much so he ended up having to take a very long shower. His right hand had been a poor replacement for what he really wanted that night.
Cass gave him a dirty look, even as he held Dean closer, sharing his warmth, protecting him from the needles and leaves. “Go Sam, we’ll be along in a couple hours.”
“SON OF A BITCH!” Dean bellowed before he started coughing heavily, nearly dropping Cass as he inhaled so much dust trying to breath. The rumbling in his chest grew by a hundred times and he realized what it was, his lungs were fighting with the god damn glitter bombs. He hadn’t been breathing them in for the last few days and his lungs liked the fresh clean air. They get home and he starts breathing it in immediately and his system wasn’t happy about it.
“That would be good, whatever is strong enough to take an Archangel out is not something to allow loose.” Cass agreed as he gazed down at his sleeping brother.
Dean held his hand out, making snapping motions as he went over what he had seen Cass do earlier. “Make something out of thin air, you did it when you made that tree house thing what about clothes?”
“I think we better take a few extra things in with us Gabe. The bank doesn’t feel right.” His gaze never shifted from whatever he was seeing in the old 1800s style bank.
Gabriel had been so pissed because it was a one chance deal. His one chance over, he had to step back and let Puck try to kill him.
‘The only family I need Dean is you. You’re my family.’ But still he really wanted Gabriel to live, but not at the cost of sharing his mate. His instincts were already screaming at him that it wasn’t right to share what belonged to him.
“Good.” Giving one last squeeze to the back of his head, the older hunter turned back to face his brother, only to see the same confused look he was sporting earlier. “Sammy? Now what’s wrong?”
So they had to make their way down the slippery slopes, hindered by a man Castiel refused to wake up. The Angel had stated multiple times Dean did not have the strength to manage the long walk through the woods, the steep climb down, and still have energy to fight if it came to battle with the beast. The elder brother would be his normal stubborn pig headed self and insist he was fine, all the while being far from it.  Better Cass carry him, keeping him under for as long as possible, giving him what rest he could. If he didn’t want to lose the opportunity to carry his man again, no one had to know but him. Course the looks Charlie and Sam, even the cat were giving him told him he was fooling no one. Still they knew Dean needed to get some rest, the walk through the woods wasn’t bad, but the steep trail was another thing altogether.
“We are only now discovering some of them. The current owners of the bank wanted to do some remodeling in the basement area. It’s taking forever cause they keep finding all sorts of iron tracks buried deep in the foundation layer. The contractors have been having to remove them carefully to not disturb the foundation.”
“That was my question Dean, you’ve been gone a while and I was worried for you. What are you doing out here?” Cass cast his eyes over the area, taking in the various trees stretching out of the valley. The ups and downs of the hills, the birds flying over head calling to each other as they went about their day. The few clouds floating in the sky, they were light and fluffy, and starting him thinking it might be fun to do a little cloud skipping later. He knew how much Dean loved skimming the tops of the things.
“Sammy, Sam, Sam, Sam, you and Dean need to get your asses up here, like pronto.” Came her chipper yet concerned voice.
Taking aim carefully mind focused only on killing the beast keeping him from his mate, he used all his centuries of battle training to blast his deadly Grace towards the enemy. His ray of precisely directed light shined brighter than a dozen full moons. Giving him perfect clarity to watch as the beast suddenly turned towards him, as if sensing his new resolve at ending her existence. His sole reason for falling from the Gates of Heaven itself still clutched, broken and bloody in her talons.
“Here Dean, let me.” Cass said suddenly as he finished his discussion with the cat. Removing his coat and shirt quickly, hanging them on a branch he reached behind himself to release some of his oil. Gathering a handful he started stroking down his hunter’s irritated wings.
“Listen if you want to do something I suggest you take Cass out and see what you can do with those things.”
“No, don’t try and con me. You need food as much as I do. Now sit down, shut up and eat!” Handing his Angel is own half eaten plate, he watched to make sure Castiel was doing as he was told. When satisfied, he picked up another helping for himself and started eating once more.
Sam stared ahead of him, driving on autopilot at hearing Gabe’s statement. The dilapidated streets the bunker was located in gave way to more improved areas. People strolling down the sidewalks, while cars passed them by. Slowing then stopping as a School bus turned on its lights to have traffic stop. Watching but not really seeing the kids getting off and crossing the street as his mind was focused on a totally different subject.
Closing his eyes he tried to calm his mind. This is all he didn’t need. Seriously how did the Winchesters live like this? He was used to dealing with problems and issues all the time. But seriously a haunted bank robbery? While Dean and Cass were in the middle of a jungle? “Fine, I’ll deal with it.”
Sam and Cass never stood a chance, as she grabbed both by their arms and dragged them over to her own large tent, intent on dressing them in a manner which would let them blend in.
Stepping carefully, he admired the dark woods of the walls, checking for anything Sean may have designed in. The nails carefully pounded into the designs showing him a direction of sorts. When he came to a junction, he looked down both hallways, one looked newer and didn’t have the detailed design as the older looking hallway. Turning left he smiled when he had guessed correctly.
The pathway wasn’t really meant to be traveled by people, and it showed. Knee high grass, a veritable mix of thorny bushes, even a few large rocks or small boulders blocking the way. Which suited his needs for the moment, if it was hard for him an Angel of the Lord loaded up with a Winged man, to walk it, regular humans probably wouldn’t either.
Narrowing his eyes knowing more was going on, he had seen some of it when they came home but they needed Dean’s help, there was no reason not to include him. “Cass why not? Why don’t you want him helping?”
Shaking his shoulders, pointing his arms up in a “see what did I tell you move”. “Yes, seriously Sam.” At that moment, with impeccable timing, the HVAC system came on, coughing another bout of roasted fairy fodder all over his brother. Dean was hard pressed not to laugh his ass off to see it swirling all over him. Landing on his head, dotting his hair with sparkles which would make a seven year old girl squeal in delight. His clothes covered in multiple colors, his shoes churning up the dust. Honestly he needed to figure out how to take a picture of it. “You know what, never-mind, I’ll clean up later. Right now how do we get rid of these things?” He shrugged his shoulders, his wings lifting gently with his movement.
‘Damn it Cass!’ Dean growled out frustrated but Cass didn’t pay his frustration much attention, not when he could also feel how much Dean was also enjoying his torment. It was good for both of them to simply relax into specific rolls from time to time. This time it was Cass’s turn to take the more dominate roll and let Dean enjoy the attention Cass wanted to lavish him with.
They were in all states of distress, broken bones which were being set, lost limbs being regenerated. Heavy bleeding being controlled by healers while others fed power to the injured party so their own natural healing could kick in.
The Factor was alarmed at the thought of losing the Consort, their honor was at stake for the man belonged to their Prince though neither knew it yet. If they failed in their duty to protect the Consort, heads would have to roll. “This isn’t good, we are going to need to send another regiment or maybe all three of the others to retrieve him.”
Turning a corner of the twisting path, he stopped as he came face to face with a new vision, two in fact. One was a glowing pillar of light far in the distance pure, strong, and he knew without a doubt of heavenly provenance. The sight of something so pure, innocent and true was a balm to his soul which had been fighting the darkness and death which surrounded him as he had walked. Sam wanted to go to that light, touch it, revel in the cleansing it would flood him with. Taking a few steps in its direction he tripped over the form which the light had completely hidden from him.
“He went on to live a long productive life with a strong focus on making this bank the pinnacle of his accomplishments. He did things to this bank they never did back then.”
“It’s not important.” He stated shaking his head, trying to lose the last bit of sleepiness in his system. “Listen I’m going to go make something to eat, I’ll bring you back your food…”
The day they mated, the day they committed to each other was the happiest he had ever been, especially when afterward he realized Dean’s wings were a permanent part of him. Those feathered features which he loved to run his fingers through, to groom, to pleasure at his leisure. And Dean, his heart loved starved for years, soaked it all up like a sponge. Even now in his dreams he felt the slim silky glide of his mate running his fingers through his wings. Straightening his crooked and out of place of cinnamon feathers from the evening flight they had indulged in the night before. Sighing in relief as Cass spread his wing oil over his feathers, for his own oil glands they found did not produce enough to coat them properly.
“Of course. Is there anything else I may answer or help with your Majesties?” He met the eyes of each Royal and his Lordship.
Cass wasn’t going to let it slide, striding over, he put two fingers to his forehead. Eyes lighting up as he realized the issue, he was quick to take action. “Dean did that beast punch you in the stomach or jaw?” He could feel the changes now that he was in direct contact.
“Early this morning, after the storm which came in fast and left just as quickly. The animals crawled out of the jungle and crops and have been here ever since.”
“Not as sorry as you will be once I’m done with you. I’ll want to show you just what you mean to me Dean. How much I need you to watch yourself and do your best to not get hurt. You know how much it hurts me when you are hurt love.”
“Too long, I’m going to have to ask you to do mine Dean, when I’m done with yours.” He sighed with extreme reluctance, even as he pulled apart two dark chestnut secondaries to get to the third underneath. It was growing in wrong and needed to be set right. He also continued to inspect for cuts and abrasions which Dean was prone to, due to lack of oil production.
Dean was busy mapping out every line of his mate’s body with his tongue, sucking kisses in strategic spots which would show easily to anyone looking. Cass’s wrists each received a large purple bruise on the inside, but his neck looked like he had a collar on. The elder hunter getting his revenge for having to sleep with a stiff prick all night. Cass was groaning under him as he moved his chin back and forth, giving Dean better access to make sure his marking was complete. He loved it when he bore his hunter’s marks, made him feel claimed and wanted as nothing else did.
Sam finally shook of his shock at seeing the wings change color before him. Honestly they had changed almost in an instant, as Cass and Dean held each other. He would have to think on that little nugget of info later, if he had the time. Now he had to deal with his increasingly irate brother. “Umm Rowena was researching a spell she thought might help heal Cass’s wings. She came to the bunker a couple hours ago and that is when she discovered the fairies in the system.”
“Deeeeaaannnn…” Castiel growled not needing to see his mate’s face to know it was smirking cause of his mischief. Not saying a word, but his body language said it all. He was happy and pleased because he had helped his Angel feel better about himself.
“Something is lurking around the camp ground. Not sure what, but some of the others have seen large paw prints, which seem to just disappear. Also we’ve heard things like roars and screams like banshee’s or something. It's weird and I have no idea what it could be.” Charlie’s voice was growing louder the longer she spoke, her concern weaving through every word.
With a crash of wings, their resident Angel landed next to his mate. Wrapping Dean in his arms, he sniffed to make sure all was well with him. He was so focused on his mate he didn’t realize the other being was still there, alive next to Sam. Dean tilted his head to the side, knowing Castiel needed to reassure himself before he could focus on anything else.
Dean continued to kneel behind Cass, holding him in his arms as they took strength and comfort in each other. The issues they were facing were hard, and they had little information to know what the hell was going on. But they were both warriors, fighters and they planned on fighting for their family. To do any less would mean they would be giving up, and it wasn’t in either of their natures to give up. Stubborn bastards is more like what they were.
Rolling his eyes at his mate’s words, feeling the anger behind them, ’Great can you take care of the ones left over?’ He would circle back and buzz them if Castiel couldn’t do anything to get rid of them himself.
Dean raised an eyebrow but didn’t call him on why he really wanted Dean to hold his hand. Twining his fingers with his mate, he felt it as Cass released his wings though he didn’t materialized them on the normal plane. One flap of those powerful forms of cosmic energy and they were moving. A second flap and they were traveling faster than light. A third flap and they were hovering nearly a mile over the land. A fourth flap and Dean was cursing Castiel for his decision to cause a little trouble.
Cass looked over at Dean, seeing his still disgruntled look, sighed. “When you were hiding behind the building wall, I called out to you. You couldn’t see me till I moved close enough. I believe the bracer blocks everyone who is touching it, or connected to it from view. If I stay in contact with you Dean, it should hide me.”
Her soulless eyes glimmered with fanatic lust and joy as she spread her wings wide as she cried out her full and total agreement. She would happily carry her brother’s seed within her. She hopped to his shoulder, rubbing her head against his own. Cheeping when did he wish to take her? Any time was fine with her, the sooner the better in fact.
“Anything else they find?” Sam had a feeling even more ghost protection measures would be among his answers. He wasn’t disappointed.
Dean looked out over the valley too, seeing the clouds high above and his thoughts followed close to his mate’s. Maybe later they could go flying and have some fun. “Had to call Sammy, let him know we wouldn’t be returning for a while.”
Cass’s eyes widened at the words, that is what Dean was thinking? Pushing the man just far enough away to look in his despondent green eyes. “Dean the reason why I thought I couldn’t be with you is cause I’M not good enough for you. You are so good, so righteous, so dedicated to helping others. You do everything you can to help people, people who will never know the actual danger they were living in. You go and bleed, break, and die and don’t even think about it because you know if you didn’t someone else would. My god it’s why I thought I couldn’t be with you because I’m not worthy. I am nothing compared to how great you are. That is why I couldn’t be with you, I would pull you down to my level which is the beyond the bottom of the barrel. I’m the one who deserves nothing while you deserve everything.”
“So Cass? How is he? Doing better?” The hunter had dressed in a hurry once Cass had shown up. Wearing a rumpled gray shirt, blue jeans and his hair was a frazzled mess. All clues to the Angel that the younger hunter was not as steady as he probably should have been. There was more going on with his stilted breathing and constant glances at the older Angel.
Snarling at the glowing tower of power, sitting on the pedestal he had managed to have it moved from, it was little consolation to know he could move it at all. The light fluctuated randomly at times, or at least it looked random to him. But he had a feeling it was still responding to its former master’s wishes. Sometimes it changed brightness, going duller, and those times he smiled grimly, thinking it was the Archangel regretting the loss of his essence. Other times it glowed so brightly even he could not gaze at it for fear of blinding him. Those were the worst for it meant he was sure the bastard was happy and joyful even with the loss of his power. The being hated the fact Gabriel might be even now learning to live without his power, at least till he could return and try and claim it. Which he would do everything in his power to prevent.
The creature looked large but seemed to be missing parts, from what the boys could see, it had a human-ish head, fangs possibly growing out of its face. Bearing a female form detailed by large naked breasts, with boils or scars crisscrossing them. Her arms were longer than her torso which appeared to end at her belly, missing any type of rounded hips, legs, or feet. Large bat like wings protruded from her back, with what looked like fresh claw marks shredding certain membranes. Her three clawed hands gripped the woman by the back of her neck, racing to get away from the crowds below. Screeching her displeasure at being in full view of her prey, she continued to fly towards the North.
Puck cocked his head at the tall warrior decked out in all manner of weaponry as the rest of the company was. The Fifth order was a detached order unlike the First, Second, Third and Fourth who were each assigned to guarding a Royal. Having the Fifth watching over the Princes would alleviate many problems and cause others. Still though there was a traitor in the lands, looking to overthrow their rightful rulers. Having the Princes guarded while the hunt was conducted would be better in the long run. Knowing the Queen, King and Princesses already approved, he gave his orders. “Very well Fifth Order of the House of Elvadriendra, your wish is granted. From this moment forward your duty will be the Princes and their welfare along with their Consorts.”
Shaking his head, grimacing as the wings once again changed color to a light neutral green. “I’m fine Dean, and what Sam is suggesting is a good idea. Let’s go find a place to practice. We might even be able to get you into the air in a few days.” Pushing off the pillar, he headed down the hallway, trying to keep his emotions in check.
Cocking her head to the side, she put her crystals away, then stood and extended her hands over the prone man’s body. “Kilawan Ocelameth Yumar Etheragan Sevaliswen.” A blue cast enveloped her hands, then a dome of a darker blue, mixed with a rusty red formed over the Angel. Flowing over his form like ocean waves there were sparks of electricity flaring at seven points on his body. Lowering her hands, the spell faded away even as she sat heavily in the chair Sam typically sat in.
“Then we better get going.” Hitting the gas harder they all listened as the Impala growled in pleasure. She so did enjoy a fast drive.
Turning away from looking for another portal they could use, he spoke to the Captain. “Captain there appears to have been a development with the younger Son and his Consort, as you heard no doubt.”
Looking up suddenly, swallowing what he had in his mouth. “Wait hunters as in our kind of hunters? Or the Bambi shooting kind?”
Squeezing his arm before letting go. “Sure Sam, we can do that. But I’m here for you, anytime you want to talk.” His eyes glimmered with what little Grace he could call up. Reminding Sam of just how powerful Gabriel was still, even with the loss of his Grace.
“Gabriel? What the hell? “Dean exclaimed as he looked down at the broken Angel covered in absolute filth. “What happened to him?”
Shaking his head to clear it of the odd thoughts, listening to how pieces of glass fell from his shoulders, knowing he needed to concentrate on getting to the basement level. He pulled a bandage out of his duffle, wrapping his arm as best he could with one hand. Heaving himself to his feet by using a convenient desk to steady himself, he reached for his gear, grimacing as his forearm protested the movement. Limping hard as his knee let him know it wasn’t happy either.
“Yes sir.” She looked towards one of the guards who pulled open the door for them. Stepping through she glanced around looking for the one who had ordered her to bring the Royal Factor to him.
“Wait cops? What about cops?” Dean asked, also disappointed there wasn’t more food. His belly was already growling at him again.
Eyes wide and ears ringing from the volume being blasted in his head, the hunter swallowed before answering. “Ah yes Sir.” Best be polite to snake gods who had just kicked some serious demon ass.
Not letting go as he looked deep into his blue eyes, his own green ones serious as he stated ’Keep hold of me, hold onto my wing, I don’t want you alone and keeping hold of it will help you.’
Accepting the cup he took a sip, savoring the way it helped sooth his parched throat. “Did you try praying to Cass?” Not that he thought he would answer. The Angel could be pretty picky about who he answered to, Dean always, Sam sometimes, and others could go blow it out his ass, were the levels he operated under.
Sam who had seen Dean’s wings as they flowed with peach and tangerine colors frowned at how they changed to a dark depressive storm gray.
“I love your wings Dean, I’m going to miss them.” He would, but he didn’t mind, he was gaining a mate, which was more important.
Never was he detected as he followed the pull within him. Which only reinforced the belief he was dreaming and wasn’t transported to some weird universe. That was more Dean’s gig anyway, traveling the other dimensions when it was least convenient for him and Cass. Continuing on the rocky path, his loafers replaced by stout boots able to take the sharply pointed rocks scattered along the pathway, he took in as much as he could of the place. Noting the large landmarks, such as the mountains to the North which were glowing from the liquid fire flowing down them. The East, home to petrified forests bent and twisted in such ways to cause pain simply from gazing at them. The West he couldn’t even see it was so far from his location, all he could see was a horizon of darkness followed by a glow of reds, oranges, and golds, as if it was literally an ocean of flames lapping at a dark beach. He wasn’t sure what was west and he didn’t want to find out, he wanted to wake up but he could tell something was preventing him from doing so. There was something out there calling to him, demanding he follow the path south till he reached wherever he needed to be.
Rolling his eyes upward, Cass slowly knelt down, rolling till his back was to Dean on the mattress. He was stiff as he worked to keep himself from touching any part of Dean. Tucking his arm under his head as a pillow, he closed his eyes knowing he wouldn’t get any real rest.
Rowena had shown up a couple hours before dinner, magic bag in hand, and knowing smile gracing her face. She had floated down the stairs as if she was royalty, giving a show to Sam and Dean who had been there to meet her. She had shoved her bags in Dean’s hands while inserting her own in Sam’s bent arm, instructing him to take her to their sick baby.
Finally dressed he left his room, rolling his eyes at the glitter still clinging to every surface. He wasn’t coughing up a storm so his lungs must have grown used to the shit once again as he slept. He really needed to figure out a way to clean it up. Which he would do later, after coffee, and after finding out where the hell everyone went. Reaching the kitchen he was pleased to find a pot freshly made, along with two semi thawed frozen waffles in the toaster. Pushing the tab down he headed to the fridge for some butter, returning with an apple too. His waffles popped up so he slathered them before cramming them into his mouth. He needed to find Cass and have a serious conversation with him. Let him know he was willing to do whatever it took to make himself worthy enough for the Angel to claim him. It might take some time but he would do it. He was tired of being alone and when he was with Cass he wasn’t.
Charlie waited a good ten minutes to make sure he was out before going to her second victim. “Cass, Sam will take lookout, you should go rest.”
Dean’s eyes widened as he realized this wasn’t a regular molt, which was bad enough. This was a stress molt, meaning his system was purging everything which was old and could interfere with his defending his mate. Stress molts happened fast and hit hard, taking up a lot of energy as feathers which typically took a year to form, happened in a matter of a week or two. No wonder Castiel had crashed hard last night, with everything else happening with the storm and Dean going down, his Angel was putting up with a stress molt. And worst of all, till the stress was dealt with Castiel would continue to molt. Dean would have to find a way to manage his mate’s stress concerning Gabriel. It wasn’t healthy in any way shape or form for this to be happening to him.
Cass rolled his eyes, smiling now as Dean teased him about what kind of animal protein he would be. “You sure you would be prime rib?” Then continuing with the wicked thoughts, leaning close to Dean’s ear he whispered. “Course you could always be some form of very thick sausage.” He then licked his lobe before returning to his task.
“Yes Dean.” The Angel answered, this wasn’t the first time this had happened nor would it be the last.
Sighing he knew what he would need to do. “What are the dangers from cutting them off?” He ignored the vicious snarl muffled beside him, along with the rattling cuffs.
Dean took the cup without complaint, sipping it as he made his choices for breakfast. Cass for his part was pleased he was no longer needing to have booze in his coffee. Since they had mated, his need for alcohol had significantly tapered off in many areas. Evidently pinning for his Angel had contributed to his addiction, once he had him and his steadying influence Dean’s need for liquor had declined. Oh Dean still drank when on jobs, or after a job if it was difficult, but he no longer needed to empty three or four bottles a night to sleep and keep the nightmares at bay.
“Sure Dean thanks.” Sam said distractedly as he examined Gabe minutely making sure he was as comfortable as he could be.
Then Cass thrust inside him in one bold stroke, causing him to cry out in pleasure and pain at the sudden intrusion. Setting up a hard pace, the Angel gripped his waist, snarling when his hands slipped from the swampy goo. Still he managed to keep hold of his hips and pistoned in his willing mate’s body. Dean under him urging him on, his own cock making another attempt to get hard. Cass poured his healing power into Dean, one so Dean could enjoy another spectacular orgasm, and two to make sure his love was healthy and whole. He honestly would hate it if he hurt his man and would stop in an instant if he felt Dean wasn’t happy.
“Please god Cass let me come!” Candy apple green eyes blown wide in the dim lighting of their room pleaded with him to let him find his release.
Backing up, instantly dismissing his wings, the hunter raised his hands in a pacifying manner towards his mate. “Cass it’s fine, I’m okay, really, you don’t have to worry.”
Pointing with his baton, the green clad state trooper told him what he wanted him to do first. “How about you walk this fog line here son, from your trunk to our engine.”
Snapping his head up at the word, Dean rolled his eyes in a highly disgusted sour manner. Swallowing again “Fuck just what we need, those assholes showing up.”
This was the ninth level of hell ruled by a being even those who resided and ruled the other eight levels feared. As long as he remained in the ninth level his power was astronomical, only when he left his own hellish dimension did his power diminish and made him vulnerable to attack. Hence why he rarely left his home, even if his dream was to take over the other levels and eventually the world and universe itself. He had been given the honor of ruling this land of despair and hopeless sorrow, by the only two he deferred to. But he wished more, and so he put forth a plan to find the power which would give him that more. He finally determined the ultimate source of the power he needed was the ones controlled by Angels. But not just any Angel’s power would do, no what he needed was the power of the Archangels.
The Fae were a fickle people, made up of many different breeds and temperaments, but those of the Summer court upheld duty honor and loyalty. If you showed it then you were returned with it. And these warriors had all upheld their side in full measure.
Their elven bodies reflecting the bloodlines of their ancestors with both sporting a light rose lavender tone. Slim and deadly they were, with arms easily able to pull the bows attached to their barding or use the lances held in their hands. Their faces were classic elven, with sharp indigo pointed eyes, blades for noses and firm stubborn lips. Long ears, which twitched catching every sound around them.
“Gabriel, I’m still busy…” He manfully kept his head down, trying to read and not seeing a single letter as Gabriel upped his obnoxious game.
Dean rolled his hips gently as he worked, not trying to stimulate his mate, just continue to keep him interested enough to concentrate on everything else Dean was doing. He ducked down and kissed first one shoulder blade then another, before peppering each bump of his spine with kisses. He licked between the bones as he kissed, humming his own pleasure at how docile Cass was being, how calm. He loved how much Cass was behaving and enjoying himself, how he was pleased with Dean’s actions. Cass responded by settling deeper, his mind almost still as Dean’s relentless soft attention took root.
Voice darkening into supreme rage at the admission of more failure. “WHAT? You allowed the Consort to know we were about? You used magic unfiltered around a Heavenly host WARRIOR? What kind of fool are you? You know they are allergic to our magic! YOU HAVE FAILED ME AND COMPROMISED THE MISSION YOU BASTARD SON OF AN ANASI SPIDER AND GASTROSAPIEN SNAIL!”
Shrugging as if it was the only option in the 60 room motel, “Hey it was that or on the other side of the compound. Didn’t think that would be to good. And I didn’t want anyone moving in and possibly finding our stuff.”
The fountain and central plaza had been abandoned by the townsfolk, due to what looked like thousands of snakes slithering all over the place. They moved over, under and around themselves in a constant hissing, spitting and shushing motion. If you watched to long you could easily become hypnotized by their constant movements. But it wasn’t just the snakes which was causing widespread fear, it was the birds and the cats. In all the various trees surrounding the plaza, the awnings, the posts, birds roosted, watching the snakes silently. Very little movement was going on with them. Wings folded against their backs, beaks closed as they watched creatures they would normally feast on. And the third sign something wasn’t right, was all the cats perched on the rooftops, watching both the birds and the snakes yet doing nothing about them. They either laid or sat on the ledges, green, gold and blue eyes staring without blinking at the others. Whiskers twitching from time to time, but nothing else moving as the snakes continued to make tempting targets.
Sam grimaced as another thought entered his head, one he really hated visualizing as he had a feeling it wouldn’t be Dean’s HANDS which would be full. But it would be up to Dean to calm Cass down, he had other things he needed to worry about.
“Thank god, one less thing to try and find. Could you pass me the paper I’ll write down the words for the spell.”
“Oh god Dean you asshole!” Sam half snarled at his departing back. Then glared when Cass couldn’t help the half smile on his face. “And problems aside, you’re an asshole too.”
“This is a massive Larping event we have scheduled, we are expecting at least 400-500 people here, maybe even more.”
He moaned in pleasure to feel Cass draping his naked self over his back, using fingers and tongue to spread the oil into every crevice and finger of his feathers. How he bent over and whispered ‘I want you Dean’ as he rubbed his hard shaft up and down his cleft of his ass.
Snapping to attention herself she immediately started groveling. “Yes, Sire, sorry Sire, won’t happen again Sire.” Bowing after each Sire she hoped she had appeased him. She really didn’t want to be turned into a pair of leggings or something to cover a troll’s nether regions.
Looking deeply at his nervous mate, the hunter realized there was more going on here then what either of them knew. Castiel’s instincts were bothering him again, the thought of Dean and Gabriel being together not sitting well with him. Pursing his lips, he nodded his head, “Okay buddy I’ll go get a room ready, you call me if you need me though. I’ll make dinner afterward and bring it to you and Sam. And you better eat all of it, you need to keep your strength up, especially after the drain we put on you.”
How was it fair for Dean to suffer over and over for this scum who would seek to kill him because they did not believe what was truth? No, he could not allow any more to hunt his beloved mate, his treasure, his most righteous man.
Hearing a shuffling he canted his head to the side just enough so he could see the hunter in question out of the corner of his eye. Dean’s back was to him as had been for the last couple hours, giving him an unobstructed view of his chestnut colored wings. There was another puzzle to think about, for his wings had mostly stopped responding to anyone else’s emotions. Only changing when something changed with Cass, fluctuating between gray, yellow, muted, very muted reds and one time a slight shade of light peach as Dean said something to Sam the Angel had found funny. He didn’t know what to make of it, other than the bond he was duty bound and heart sore to deny was growing stronger. If that was the case what could be causing it?
Pulling back Dean gazed into the blue eyes of the man he loved, warmth and affection mixed with the humor in his voice. “Yeah but we should probably have taken down the silence sigils to give him a fair chance.”
“Because I know Cass is going to want to thank you properly for lunch. And you two are loud.” He stated glaring at his brother who was not hiding how proud that made him feel.
‘Never foolish Castiel, your instincts are screaming, but they must have a reason. We’ll figure it out.’ Dean nuzzled at his ear before nibbling on his lobe. Castiel moaned as Dean played with him and this time he would. Cass was in his right mind, he was making the choice to share his body with him.
Looking over his shoulder one last time, seeing the looks of determination and pride in his men, he turned back to Robin Good fellow. “Then we members of the Fifth order wish to ask for the honor of being their body guards. We swear to guard them with our lives no matter the danger or cost.”
Sam nodded at his words, he had had a few jobs over the years which actually paid money. It had felt kinda nice to be able to afford things legitimately, rather than doing scams and hustling pool. Course now they received money through their friend Charlie, in some mysterious magical electronic means he didn’t want to know to much about. But having that money did come in handy, especially as they now had three people to feed rather than two.
Kissing him lightly against his neck, sighing as he forcibly tried to relax himself. ‘Thank you Dean, I love you.’
Castiel continued to hold his hunter, taking so much comfort in having him in his arms when he thought he had killed him. His Grace rising without his direction, wrapping itself around the pair responded to his emotions. His light grew brighter as the Angel closed his eyes to absorb the fact his love was alive. Where his grief and agony had caused so much devastation, his absolute Joy in receiving another chance to show just how much he loved his mate, had the opposite effect.
“Alright then. Samuel?” Rowena’s arm reached for Sam’s and they linked hands together. Sam looked at Dean, nodding. And in this nod, there was all the love he felt for his brother, Dean knew it and felt it too. He looked up at Rowena and started chanting in Latin. As the chant continued, everything dulled around Dean, the sounds were stuffed, his vision blackened, and suddenly, nothing.
Dean nodded. Almost time for him to die. Almost time to save Cas. Jack and Eileen were at Rowena’s side, chanting with her. He must have drifted off for some time.
“If you stop hunting, I…I’m scared that you’ll drown yourself in whisky and despair Dean, I don’t want to see you like this” Sam continued, unbothered and determined to make his voice heard.
“Sam said you needed help. So, we got as many people as we could here, the rest will join us by videocall when they can.” She stated, as if it was something that had been
He blinked a few times, trying to focus his eyes on something or someone. He was in his bedroom again. Not Castiel’s. Why was he here? Has it all been a fever dream? He panicked, his heart racing, breath getting shorter. Sam was next to him, Miracle at his feet.
“The void…yeah. the void… It could mean the Empty.” Dean exhaled. “It’s a damn good lead if I’ve ever seen one!” He looked at the girls. “sorry I didn’t come sooner.”
“Well, it’s certainly old.” Dean took a closer look inside, Enochian, Hebrew and numerous Arabic dialects. “Claire… I can’t read that.”
He barged into the infirmary, heart racing. Sam was arguing with Castiel and both of them had blood smeared over their clothes. Dean’s eyes frowned, trying to grasp what was happening.
closing another chapter in his dad’s journal? Nothing really. Well, some things, but he couldn’t think about that for now.
As the new moon approaches, the boys and Eileen get all the ingredients ready to perform the spell with Rowena. If everything goes according to plan, Jack will enter the Empty and bring back Castiel with him, safe and sound in the bunker.
Dean was walking down the corridors, wiping the constant gentle flow of his tears, he didn’t even know exactly why he was still crying. But… he couldn’t stop, his body was not letting him stop. Once arrived at number 11, his room, he opened the room and went to sit on his bed. Miracle had followed him and sat beside him on the bed. His head resting in his hands, elbows on his knees, slowly calming down. After taking a deep breath, he walked around his room and looked around, looking at the things he amassed during the years. It was nothing and it was everything: weapons, books, photographs, trinkets, mix-tapes, porn magazines… was
Dean frowned at that. He figured he understood why Castiel was upset, after all a random alpha was holding a pair of his panties, but he picked up a small hint of fear in the omega’s scent. The idea of scaring his omega broke Dean’s heart.
“Like that omega?” Dean growled out and used his hand to pinch the nipple he wasn’t paying attention to. “Y-yes!” Cas gasped and moaned again. Dean looked up and took a mental picture. Castiel looked so amazing when he was being pleased. If he hadn’t gotten the job here, the omega could’ve been a star of the porn industry.
“That is, unless you just want me to bite you right now.” Dean teased. In response, Cas rolled his hips, causing Dean to gasp and shoot another load into the omega. Cas gasped a little and chuckled, “Shit, you’ve got a lot in you.” He panted.
Dean watched Castiel for a moment, but as soon as he noticed the skirt of Castiel’s uniform ride up a little and showed what Dean assumed to be Cas’s bare naked ass, he quickly turned around and focused on putting away his clothes.
This continued for a few minutes, and as Dean got closer and closer to his release, he would speed up the movements with the toy to bring Cas closer to the edge. Cas moaned a little louder around Dean and his movements became a bit more erratic. His lips were stretched thin around Dean’s cock and he whined as he felt Dean’s knot beginning to swell. “That’s it baby, almost there-” Dean encouraged and moaned, “You close omega? Gonna come from a toy and sucking me off?” He asked. Cas nodded to the best of his ability and whined, feeling the heat pool in his groin.
In any other circumstance, Cas would’ve loved the gifts, but here all the other servants could see the gifts if Cas didn’t get them early enough. By now, everyone knew that Cas was being courted by Dean, especially because of how much Dean’s scent lingered in the halls.
Dean sighed and climbed off the bed. He cleaned himself off and tossed his boxers in the hamper. He pulled on some sweatpants and a tshirt and then laid in his bed.
“After Alfie dropped off the care pack, he came up to tell me how you were doing and I nearly pounced on him.”
He made his way up to Dean’s room and hugged Alfie goodbye, “Alright, I’ll see you tomorrow Alfie.” He smiled.
Cas scoffed and rolled his eyes, “Yeah, I’m sure he’d love to have an omega in heat that he can work over the side of the bed.” He muttered. “Either way, thank you, Alfie. Now may I please have some alone time?” He asked.
Dean looked over the response and his heart jumped a little. He didn’t even have a second to think before he typed back “Deal. Come to my room at 11:30.” He was absolutely thrilled at the idea of being Cas’s alpha that even the permission to court him was a step in the right direction.
Dean smiled widely at that, hugging Cas and pressing a kiss against his lips. “Awesome. It’s a date then.” He nodded.
Now, it was early in the morning and Cas was working on covering up his bruises and marks before he went to do his tasks for the day. Then, he heard a knock on the door. He sighed and rolled his eyes, “Who is it?” He called
He pulled off of Dean’s cock and coughed a little, looking up at the alpha. Dean smiled lazily at Cas and ran his fingers through his hair. “That was awesome Cas..” Dean chuckled. “You ok?” He asked.
Cas rolled his eyes even though a big fat grin was plastered on his face. He would never admit it, but Cas loved being spoiled by Dean.
“I-I don’t know! But I feel like I’ve been gaining weight and now your scent a-and-” He said as he started to hyperventilate.
“Uh Cas? It’s me-” Dean said but was interrupted with Cas quickly opening the door and pulling Dean inside the room. Cas was wearing a pair of silk pajamas that Dean had bought him, and Dean smiled softly. “I see the pajamas fit well..” He smirked.
“Hey Cas,” Alfie smiled and walked over to sit in a chair. “Dean sent me down to bring this stuff to you.” He said with a knowing smirk on his face, “So where are you two going tonight?” He asked.
As he got close to finishing, he was putting away his last couple pairs of boxers when he felt a material much softer than his usual boxers. He turned the pile of boxers over and his eyes widened. Under the boxers was a pair of light blue panties with little embroidered bees all over them. They were adorable, but they definitely weren’t his.
Cas smiled and sat up a little, “Well, it would be pretty embarrassing for you if you went through all that trouble just for me to say no,” He smiled, but stopped when he saw the genuine concern on Dean’s face, “Kidding.” He laughed, playfully punching Dean’s shoulder. “Of course I’ll go Dean, you’ve been nothing but amazing during this courting process, so I’d be quite the ass to turn down a proper date.” He smiled.
Leaning down he picked up a rock, then edge closer to the form. It was covered in filth and grime, sores, lesions and way to much dried blood. Its back was to him, so when he was within arm reach he slowly extended his hand, gripping what he thought was the creature’s shoulder. Pulling him over Sam stared stunned as who he had found.
So with the surgery sweetness of voice he only used when he was about to release some mayhem, he decided to order his food. “Erik was it?”
Leading the Factor to a more private corner, so they could speak without getting in the way of the various healers going about their duties. Placing a seat before him, he waited before taking his own. Only then did Puck see how tired the warrior was in his own right. “Yes my Lord, he had just arrived at his job and was changing into his work clothes. One of our sprite scouts was observing him. All appeared correct when a strange black portal opened suddenly behind him. From what I was told smoke the color of corruption and murder oozed out of the infernal darkness. Twisted and broken limbs shot out of the portal and snatched at the Consort, dragging him into the darkness.”
With tears streaming down my face, I obey him removing my clothes, baring myself to the cold air.  I'm wearing nothing but his collar, the one he still doesn't see fit to remove, even though he's told me I don't have to wear it all the time.  It's been months, and woe-be-tide me if I even think about asking when he'll take it off.
I shrug.  “Pretty sure there’s no getting around that Sammy.  Bring it.”  There’s got to be something the training with Cas can give me in this area.
“I saw the whole thing, including when those two imbeciles were taunting you.”  He yanks Dean into a kiss.  “Watching you get spanked like that was hot.”
Dean’s tackled to the ground before he can register what’s going on.  “Dean.  Dean.  It’s okay, it’s just me.”
Cas nods.  “Don’t be ashamed.  It’s an omega’s nature to succumb to their lesser urges.  Part of my role as your alpha is to help with these things.  Get on the bed.”
I'll show you realize.  I turn to walk back in the house, Cas can turn to see me gone for once.  Not that he'll fucking care, other than the fact that I disobeyed him
.  I still have to consult with him.  He nods that’s he’s fine either way.  “Yeah, Gabriel.  Go take your break from us.”  Normally I’d totally rub it in, but I’m too pissed at Cas to even enjoy that.
.  You're going to be well behaved, aren't you?  No more stubbornness.  I don't see any reason I should have to put you back there."
I’ve almost lost my head twice and now we’re in some weird place that’s seriously creeping me the fuck out.  Sue me for wanting to know something.”  The journey to where we are wasn’t easy.  We’ve been travelling for several weeks and let me tell you, it’s been a ride.
“This is a kind of a gag.  You’ll wear it the whole time except to take your punishment.  You won’t be eating anything while you’re here.”
I turn around, and Cas is suddenly there.  “You come when I call you.  Not in a minute, or in a second.
It's my turn to blush.  "That's good news, maybe he hasn't been mated." This bit of information is a bit conflicting to what Cas told me about him not looking good.  But getting information second hand is like the fucking telephone game and is bound to be inaccurate—that person's interpretation at best.
Michael’s rules make him feel safe.  Michael knows it and I appreciate that he considers this when deciding things for Sammy.  He’s never said it, but I can tell that’s what he’s doing.
Cas smiles.  “No.”  Cas rolls on his back pulling Dean with him.  “I know how you work.  I give an inch you take a bite out of my neck.”  He kisses the back of Dean’s hand.  Dean melts.  There’s something about one of the most fearsome creatures in existence being tender with you.
Dean’s crying.  Actually, fucking crying as he kicks and latches onto Dreyous’s bare leg under his man-skirt thing.  “I’m sorry.  I’m sorry, Papa.  I shouldn’t have kept you waiting.  And you’re right.  We have a lot to ow! Do in little, fuck!  Time.”
He pushes in slow, but I can feel the tension of him holding back in his hips.  He begins with a careful rhythm, and I keen back looking for more, wanting more of his cock.  I forget everything as he pounds into me – the people probably walking by,  the pain, the war, the death, even Sammy.  It's just me and Cas.  I feel a building sensation, as he glides in and out.
The memory of it seems so far away.  I don’t have shirts with buttons anymore.  I can’t wear anything with more weight than the light cotton robes.
"We're just going to have to deal with it.  We're not going to be able to stay in each other's presence at all times.  It's not realistic."
Slowly, Lucifer slides his hand down my belly then pause.  He pauses for a whole heartbeat, and then continues to drag his hand along the edge of my length, swooping down and then up the other side.  Yes I'm hard.  I'm a male in my early twenties, and my dick is being touched.
It’s late and the moon is bright.  We walk out of the palace, beyond the market and to the edge of what is considered Lucifer’s community.  I do wonder why we walk, can’t he fly us to where he wants to go?  I’m weak and exhausted.  This is going to take away the energy I need for looking after Lucifer’s needs.  I try not to think about that as I carry on, my bare feet getting torn up on the rocks and rejoicing when they hit soft grass.  I prefer not to wear shoes anymore, they’re too confining.
"Come," Cas says pulling up on my arm, and steering me toward the stairs.  I let him guide me, a bit dazed, just glad he's still here.
His stomach is a hollow pit, one where he can’t grip anything.  He tries but keeps slipping.  It’s an awful feeling.  “Please, Gadreel.  Read my mind.  Look into my memories.”  He knows they can do that.
The thought of Dean gives me renewed strength and I cling to my life with faith – faith in Dean.  For about five seconds it means something.
water is nice, and I enjoy the fuck out of it.  I don't enjoy when I'm presented with a set of green robes.  "To match your eyes, Gabriel said," Claire tells me with amusement playing in hers.
But where would they get that much energy?  I flip through the book, skipping ahead to find out the answer.  Lucifer might be busy now, but that can change at any moment and I need to know.  It feels important.
Cas and I head North for awhile.  We travel far enough and long enough the weather starts to change, and it's not so stifling hot anymore.  Balthazar provided me with some jackets, and supplies like a larger pack.  I don't like to carry anything too big, but I really should have been carrying something bigger, since eventually I'll need some warmer clothes.  Cas and I usually find stuff along the way, and stop at various Communities, but Balthazar insisted, asking me to humour him as a 'parent'.  In other words he wasn't really asking, and he wanted to be assured I would have what I needed when I needed it.
“I’ve given you too much leeway if you think you can talk to me like that.”  Cas slithers off the bed like the snake he is.
He’s about to go over her knee when Gadreel yanks his leash.  Right.  He’s the handler.  He hasn’t done this in a while.  “Just a minute, kid.  I’ll direct this.  She’s still in here for punishment after all.”
He taps the book.  “You don’t understand what an honour it is to have an angel interested in bonding with you.”
But now I realize the last answer we need is up to me and I don’t fucking have it and it seems so far away and we’re on borrowed time.  What happened to Sammy is worse than I could have fucking imagined and it’s all my fault.  Dad put me in charge of him, I’ve been looking after that kid since I was four years old, but I fucked up and Sammy’s paying the price with his soul.
He takes a breath—an attempt to calm himself.  It’s better than it was but even after five years he’s a horny little kitten at the General’s feet.  “I think you’d better, Master,” he says, sinking to a kneel on the carpet.
I only just get him there in time.  He's got tears in his eyes.  These moments are hard.  I have to do what will help him, rather than what I'd like to do.  "What's up, buddy?"
There’s no point arguing with Cas when he’s like this.  “Yes, yes, Master.”  His lip trembles.  It’s bleeding.
For those who've bought into Lucifer, I get it.  Creatures like Lucifer have a way of making people feel good, and special, but there's also the subconscious fear they'll end up like his little pet driving them to please him, making them minions.  It's something Lucifer doesn't have to say, draw attention to, or even explain, but it's felt even if the people don't know what it is they're feeling.  It terrifies them into romancing themselves with the fake part of Lucifer, the part they'd rather believe is real, the charismatic, fun Lucifer he's showing now, even though deep inside they know it's not real.
Dean does wince, and it’s not that I want him to be scared of his angel, it’s just what makes sense to my brain.  Seeing Dean finally take pause and show some kind of deference to Cas is what’s more normal in this world as it is now.
At some point, Dean blacked out.  Then Castiel did something to wake him so he couldn’t black out again.  He’s sure he wasn’t that obedient.  He used the appellation—distantly, his mind told him to do so—but there were also a lot of, “Mother fuckers”, and “you fucking assholes!”  If he was whipped harder for that, he doesn’t know.  It was a lot of fucking pain.  Mind-numbing pain.  Searing, burning pain.
“The best part,” Cas says, his breath hot in Dean’s ear, “is that everyone knows a pregnant omega isn’t permitted to come.  They’ll see me own you, use you, they’ll see how good you submit for me.”
“For what?”  As much as it’s been uncomfortable, Cas hasn’t done anything wrong.  Just because Cas hasn’t been his usual self, that doesn’t mean he was horrible; he’s an alpha, alpha’s storm around and act aggressively.  Dean just wasn’t used to it.
Boydega straps his pack on.  "Dean, take care of yourself.  You're a good guy."  We hug, I tell him to stay safe, and I feel a bit of wrench in my gut as he walks away.  It's different saying goodbye to someone you don't know if you'll ever see again.
“Ooooh.  Oh yeah, fuck.  Oh God please.”  He knows he won’t reach it, but he tries.  He bends and moves but he can’t get anything near his cock like this.  Maybe he could call Gadreel in here.  Beg him.  He’s not above begging.  “Ah, ah, ooooooohhhh …” Another orgasm rips from him.
Whatever.  Dean keeps his eyes closed letting his breathing even out and his heart rate slow down.  A rough voice reads to him.
“We knew we had to do this.  It made all of us sick thinking of an Earth with Lucifer at the helm and worse, his proclivity for playing with portals was going to swallow the Earth whole, eventually.  It would have happened much sooner had we not acted.  Nothing comes without cost, even magic must come from somewhere, Samuel.  It was a hefty cost, but it was a price we were all willing to pay.”
I try not to show how scared I am when he breaks out his nastiest whip, but there’s nothing I can do to get rid of the tremble.  The tremble gets worse when I get into position – bent over his throne, a hand braced on each side of the arms.  By the time he thinks I’ve had enough, the tremble is part of my body.  Tears run down my face and I think I was screaming; I only know that because my throat hurts.
This time it was literal spilt milk.  Jack spilled it, on Lucifer, and he went crazy.  I got involved, and of course others were there.  Apparently, had I been obedient enough, I would have seen Lucifer had right to punish his son as he saw fit.  But when he cuffed him hard across the face, I couldn't sit still.
He looks up at me and I about die.  I see things that maybe I’ve been trying not to see, so I could focus on the kill Lucifer mission.  His eyes are haunted, he’s thin as a skeleton, I can see all the pain he’s been through.  I wonder what he sees when he looks at me?  I’ve changed too.  I’m nowhere close to well-fed with how little food there is on the road, but I’ve managed to keep some muscle and I’ve been through some shit, nothing like him, but shit nonetheless.  Both of us are held together by magic we now possess within us, from the bonds we have to our angels.  If not for that, no human could live through what we have and tell the tale.
Fuck, okay.  Least I get something out of this weird fucking circus.  When I’m lubed to his satisfaction, he shoves his cock into me.  To be honest, I expected a little more.  Like, don’t get me wrong, I enjoy myself.  It’s a nice fucking orgasm, but I like rough sex.  Ceri’s not as rough as I expect him to be.
I can tell he’s not fond of it, but he nods, and I understand that somehow this new Profound Bond thing is going to make him more possessive, not less.
“All right fine.”  I’m surprised he actually agrees.  “But just ‘till I’m out of these, then I want proper respect due.”
He swipes a hand across his brow, only to remember he doesn’t have access to his hands, as they’re secured into mitts.  He lays there for a moment wondering if he should call out for help, but instead his mind drifts to last night and yeah, it was kinda wonderful.  But did Cas get the same amount of enjoyment Dean had?
To the right there’s a chair.  Something is folded and placed on the seat.  And that’s it.  Where the fuck is he supposed to piss?
That night, we stop, so I can get some sleep.  Cas is quick to divest me of my clothes and have his cock in me.  There’s urgency and hungry need in his kisses, in a way that says maybe he was scared today too.  When I’m filled with this glittery angel-come, he wraps his body around me and recites a prayer for us both.  “Dear Father, thank you for keeping Dean safe this day.  We are blessed in your name and humbled by your mercy. Amen.”
Cas walks him to the door, his pack slung over his right shoulder.  Before Dean can reach for the doorknob, and turn to say a final goodbye, Cas stops him.  “Dean, wait.”
The thought of multiple parallel universes makes his head spin.  To fuck with semantics, he’s in Ohên!  He’s giddy, heart brimming with joy.  Cas brought him here.  Wait.  Cas brought him here?  Why would he do that?  “Master?”  That stands for a thousand questions.
"Thank you."  I add it to my pack, and fuck, I'm still brimming with questions.  I want to know all about angel wings, and what could possibly make them sick.  I do know if this is the first time he's needed my assistance, his wings are getting worse, not better.
I'm sure my outward appearance looks bright and healthy.  I'm fully healed, and I've put on size from eating well.  I'm a lot different from that banged-up-scraggle-muffin he left here two months ago.  I've had multiple showers, I'm clean-shaven, and while I haven't been sleeping well, it's still better than the sleep I get on the road.  Inside though, I'm falling apart slowly, but surely, and somehow Cas knows right away.  "I was gone for too long," he acknowledges.
As I work, I remember how much I miss this.  It connects me back to all kinds of things I hadn't though about in awhile,
Dean’s a little shy about it.  Which is fucking weird.  The pornstar shit he’s done for Cas.  This is just cocksucking with a side of Daddy kink.  But it’s like this: he wants to be a good boy for Daddy.  Lust-filled headiness consumes him.
“Thank you, Luci.”  I know I’ll be thanking him a lot for this privilege, but it’s worth it.  I’ll be thanking him for something at some point in the day, it might as well be something I want.
I don’t want to think about why his robes were taken off of him.  My eyes blur.  “Cas, they were here.”
brother—alone with Cas.  Cas said he wouldn’t kill him unless absolutely necessary which it the best promise he could get from anyone—most just want Sam dead.  Because sucking their blood?  Fraternizing with demons?  That’s angel treason.  Sam was suspected of the latter which is bad enough but no angel jury in the world is going to let Sam off on the demon blood sucking thing.
Sam scrambles to get to his knees before Michael; he prostrates before him.  Protocol has clearly been drilled into him.
Cas and the doctor talk, and they have a nice conversation.  It appears as if Dr. O'Malley has history, and healthy respect for Cas, he's also hella weary of him.  By the time I'm done eating, I'm feeling a lot more like myself.
Attached to the bed are two leather straps.  They aren't restraints exactly, just long strips of brown leather with looped ends.  My wrists easily slip in and out of the loops, in a way that does not give me the sensation of being confined.  They give me something to grip.
I am trying to lessen the suffering somewhat!  LOL  Okay.  I'm super nervous to put this out.  I'm not sure how this story will go over.  It's got a lot of twists and turns.  Just when you think it's ending, something else happens!  We've got over 100K to the end.  You may see the chapter count change, only because I may break up future chapters to make them more palatable.
He’s heard word Michael’s been looking for him—least that’s what the Garrison gossip says—but it’s not like it would be hard for him to find Dean and Dean hasn’t seen hide nor perfectly placed hair of the sophisticated archangel.
"Offers some privacy," he says.  "I usually hang my towel here, so I can grab it easily."  He indicates a hook on the side of the 'shower', which is easy to grab. "I put a fresh towel here for you, and there's soap in a container on the ground inside.  You're even lucky enough to come at a time when I have shampoo
We walk miles, and don't speak, worried we'll say the wrong thing and draw their attention.  I don't like how worried Cas looks.  He says he's not afraid, and maybe he's not, but he's still concerned as hell, and I'd really like to know why.  Especially if these wanna be Tinkerbell's can't do more than make him a little sick, and that's a maybe.  Cas has gained more strength too.
“That’s the spirit, Sammy!”  If my whole life raising him was just so he never stopped trying, I can live with that.  I get tears in my eyes. The emotion’s almost too much.
Dean’s no expert but he’s sure.  “Stand up, slave.  Legs spread wider than your hips.  Stick your cock out for inspection.”
“It’s stupid.  It’s Cas.  The General,” he clarifies.  Dammit.  He tries not to let that slip even around Dreyous even though he’s sure Dreyous wouldn’t care.
Dean does as instructed.  He opens the closet, and sets his bag there.  Cas said everything, which meant he wouldn’t have his phone, or wallet, not even his keys.  Nothing
Those two words bring me a lot of fucking relief, but he's not let go my hand yet, so I'm still a live wire of nerves.
I start crawling, but when I head to where I came from, there’s a giant rock wall where there wasn’t one before.  What the
The sun is going down, but there's still enough light poking through the holes of the cave, which is lucky for me, since I've got nothing to light the way. I know Cas is in here, I'm starting to be able to feel him, again.  Barely.  His life force is weak.
He shrugs.  “It was your idea, Winchester.”  He guides Dean’s lips to his.  “All right.  You need some sex.  Go find it.  Relieve your balls, my unsung hero.”
the human knowing any of this.  The human has to have rejected fear by their own logic.  Faith is a large part of a profound bond.  Had I told you previous to this, it wouldn’t have worked.  It’s natural to doubt information, but when someone knows their heart, they can follow it without doubt and without fear, on faith.  Knowing, would have introduced a sliver of doubt.”
Jo doesn't seem the kind of woman to scare easily, but she's got an edge of terror in her eyes now.  "Sorry.  I'll leave you to it then."
“Can we move this along?  You may not be quite as eager to get your brother back a I am mine, but I’d like to go home,” Sammy says.
I’m the only one who’s somewhat able to guide us, but I have no clue where to fucking go.  Frustrated, I grip Sam who shakes and while yeah it fucking kills me feeling him shake like that, I know we’re short on time and I’ve got to get information out of him.  I’m sure Lucifer will figure out we’ve left our prison sooner rather than later.  “Sammy, which way do we go?  C’mon brother, I need you.”
He's quiet after that watching me work, which at first is weird, but once I get into my rhythm, I don't even notice he's there.  I start thinking about Sammy without wanting to.  I fucking hate thinking about him.  It hurts more than one of Cas's beatings.
“I don’t expect you to make that a priority, Alpha.  You have many important duties,” Dean rushes to say.  Fuck.  He can’t have Cas thinking that Dean thinks Cas’s life is all about Dean.
It was love in the most unlikely of places, but that doesn’t change that for Dean it’s love.  He doesn’t even care if Cas loves him back, much… but unfortunately, without the love from Cas’s side, once the healer deems him useless, Cas will cast him aside to find someone who can carry for him.  Hell, Dean won’t let him
Her eyes flick to my collar, but she doesn't say anything.  If she's as perceptive as I sense she is, despite her hesitancy to give a fuck when maybe she should, she's aware I wasn't wearing it before.   There's only one reason an angel tells you to wear your collar.  Jo takes more care to keep her distance.  "Yeah, nice bath?"
Cas’s cock deflates quickly and falls out of Dean’s mouth limp.  It’s impossible to ‘tie’ in a mouth because there is no slick or vaginal fluid to signal it should stay inflated.  A nice gift from the Gods, making Alpha knot sucking possible.
“I like your idea of making you a roadside attraction though,” Cas says, a devious smile spreading on his lips.  “Then I could really show you off.  You’d look wonderful in a pen, leashed with a chain to the ground.  I’ll put a horsetail butt plug in you, and I can give you pretty unicorn ears and a horn for show days.”
My body feels stiff as I stand up, but I do obey Cas immediately not wanting a repeat of a single thing that's happened the past hour.  I wipe my eyes with the back of my forearm, sniffling, quickening my step enough, so I can fall in beside him.  Maybe it's more of the magic, maybe it's just irrationality, but seeing him walk away again, even though I know I'm following, tugs at me and makes me want to be closer to him.
Cas sets about using his special straps to secure Dean’s arms to the armrests and his legs to the chair legs in front.  “Comfortable?”  Dean nods.  “How’s baby?”
Dean’s not sure if Cas knows he does it, but he reaches for the arm with the tattoo. Then one that says: Castiel’s Beloved. Dean’s with Cas on that one. He thinks the tattoo is bullshit. But Cas is fascinated with it always, like it haunts him. “All right, Winchester. Permission granted. Your behavior is exemplary. Much better than anyone expected from what we knew of you.”
HAHAHA!  I loved how everyone in the comments was like, "that was not as kinky as I was expecting."  I was seriously nervous posting it.  I LOVED your responses so much.  Thank you for that. LOL
Before we can hightail it out of here, which is what we should be doing, one of the white orbs gets close to us, their aura of light brightening and dimming as they get closer and then the fairy appears, our size.  Cas reaches out to tug me back behind him, not letting the ‘bad’ fairy get any closer to me, barring his teeth like an overprotective dog.
Lucifer’s fiddling with the fidget spinner Sam gave him.  Lucifer can’t sit still, and Sam decreed if he’s going to hang around Sam, he’d have a fidget spinner.  “You’re not gonna like it.”
“There, was that so hard?  I’ll leave when the egg starts.  As for the good news, your chastisement has ended—for now.  No more strappings.  You’re also passed your other training so no more cock spankings either.  So long as you continue to behave that is.  I’ll still ask you for a number, if it gets too high—no more than two—the General may impose a punishment.  But he feels you’ve been complying to his standards well enough you no longer need it.”
“If you’d stop babbling on and on, I could tell you.  Angels know they love their human when they are willing to release them from their service.”
Sam’s in a library.  In Mexico.  His Spanish is a little rusty, but he taught himself one summer while he was left at the Motel and Dad and Dean were gone for days on a hunt and he kinda kept up with it enough he can get by.  Still, to read whole books it’s hard and he’s not sure he’s getting enough to translate properly.  He’ll be leaving Mexico soon.  This whole thing was fucking stupid.  But when Dean was taken by angels, Sam went a little stupid.
I obey him, complaining about arrogant, not-funny, non-naked angels under my breath.  When I'm naked and am close enough to the bed, he pulls me on top of him with my back to his chest, stealing one of the blankets from my cot and covering us with it.  We barely fit, but it feels too good to be close to him to care.  Cas uses his grace to blow out the candles in the room—we don't have to worry about grace use with all the grace flooding this place.  "Um, Cas.  Any chance you'd take the collar off?" It only comes off with Cas's grace.
“Aren’t we?  I rather thought we were,” Cas says peeling Dean’s jeans down from his body.  “Are you seeing other people?”
could be the one to get him to orgasm without Cas’s permission.  Cas is well aware of everyone’s game.  It’s popular.  Cas isn’t even the first one today to ask him how long.
Dean whimpers. He made it through his punishment. It ended over two days ago and yet he hasn’t been given permission. This is the most attention his cock has gotten from Cas who Dean’s beginning to wonder if he’s forgotten his cock’s existence. Dean’s served him. Admirably if he says so himself.
Instead, I finish what passes for breakfast on the road with Cas and the three of us head off in search of where, I don’t know.  We might be stuck in this fucking maze forever.  A maze that’s supposedly Roark’s design.  I wanna know if he grew the damn forest too.  I tie my jacket around my waist though, it’s not as cold here as it’s supposed to be and walking at warp speed is making me sweat.
level he doesn’t understand.  Humiliation kink is a love-hate kind of kink.  At times you genuinely hate what turns you on but when you give into it, the orgasm is worth it—hell even the sexual frustration over it is.
It will be an army of humans first, with angels galore to swarm in at the first sign of bullshit from angel radio.  If the tension in the air is anything to go by, Dean’s putting his money on bullshit.  Something is going to happen, and he won’t be able to stop it.
“That may be so but not everyone sees it that way—Gabriel for instance.  He does have a point, an untrained fire fiend is a danger to everyone.”
"That won't be necessary.  I will outline the rules for Dean, and then I'm leaving.  Dean will obey me."
“What does it matter?  You’ll get the same amount of chastisement whether you touch it one little, tiny time or not.”  Michael must know about the thirty cock whacks thing.
He starts undoing my jeans, yanking them down, and even if there were something I could do about it, I wouldn't, I'd just let it happen, because yes, even sex with Lucifer isn't as bad as going back in the water.
They’re interrupted by angels flying in which tugs at his brain.  He hasn’t seen that in a while.  Why has Gadreel never flown to him?  Guess he’ll never find out because he’d fucking leaving.  With the number of angels and archangels that swarm in, his odds begin to lower.  But Dean can’t go back in that cell.  He can’t.  He’s not going to surrender.  He’ll go out fighting or die trying.
He doesn't like that.  "And yet, it's a risk I'm willing to take should you decide to be disobedient."
I decide to exercise bravery.  "I am obeying you, I'm not complaining, I'm doing my best to accept it, but beyond that,
Dean panics.  “No.  No Alpha, I didn’t disobey you.  There was an alpha chaperone, two in fact.  Alpha Sven is still there helping and Alpha Clark was home.”
"There must be a way.  We shall simply find the way, and undo the bond.  Dean will make the perfect husband for my son."
In some ways, I've gotten used to the agony.  It's just there.  I know I don't feel good, but I don't really remember what good feels like to tell you the truth.  Even after two months of Cas being gone, the fucking gnawing at my gut is still there; it just
“No.  You need the fresh air and I’d rather be the one to take you here.”  Which is Cas for, Dean won’t be doing this alone for the rest of his pregnancy.
Dean’s lip trembles.  “But … but we have you.”  To Dean, Cas is insurmountable.  He can’t imagine anything defeating Cas.  He might be a huge dick, but he’s the dick you can count on when it comes to war stuff.  It’s natural for Dean to slide to his knees and crawl to Cas and cling to his leg.
Placing a hand on his shoulder, “You passed out dear. After you completed the spell, your eyes rolled up in your head and you just collapsed. I barely managed to catch and place you on the bed. Tell me how are you doing my lad?”
“Sure, come on Cass.” Eager to explore what was waiting, the receptionist had stated there was something special in one of the rooms. Something he and his boyfriend might like if he was so inclined to try.
‘Doesn’t feel pleasant.’ Dean nuzzled at his mate’s neck, keeping up the fiction they were not paying much attention to anything other than themselves.
He dove for his soon to be mate, latching onto his neck, sucking hard, smirking as he listened to Dean cry out his pleasure. He sat back pleased at his work as the large mark he had made on his neck glowed with power. Soon they would join and share so much more together.
Sam rolled his eyes, they honestly didn’t have time for this. He was about to answer when a curious thing happened. The largest explosion he had ever seen went off across the clearing. Trees bent backwards in ways not natural from the force of the wind, the cabins nearby shattered into nothing but shards of wood and glass. The officers surrounding them started shouting running to investigate and look for wounded. The Chief with a snarl at being interrupted before signaling to the two guarding to follow him.
“Very, we’re going to need to figure out what pissed them off, then find their bones and salt and burn them. But I have a feeling we’re locked inside and I don’t have my laptop with me.”
She smiled up at him, fondness in her eyes. Reaching up to pat his cheek “You’re welcome you silly boy. Call me if something new crops up and you need help, otherwise I will see you later.” Turning she opened the door, recited a spell to help her lift her luggage, watched as Sam snatched one out of the air and empty it of the two books she still tried to sneak out, rolled her eyes and returned to her own life.
Taking stock of his mate’s condition, finding it much improved, he settled down to holding Dean in his arms as Naoko hovered in the sky, waiting. He needed a few minutes to assure himself Dean was alive and breathing. Smelling his burnt hair, feeling his much improved heartbeat, hearing his breathing evening out. This was the man his heart had chosen, this was the man his mind said he could not have. He honestly still couldn’t believe his soul had found its true mate, that he had tried to fight what wasn’t ultimately his right to fight. He belonged to Dean, why he thought he should fight it was ridiculous. Holding his mate so close to his own beating heart, he felt the relief as it began beating in time with Dean’s.
Gabriel had been living in the city, watching how Commodus built statues to himself, good looking ones, rather than based off what he really looked like. For example he gave himself a HUGE dick, damn thing had to have been at least 14 inches long and thick as a tree branch. While in reality, it was maybe only six and looked like a limp noodle flopping along his thigh. He had been working as a palace cleaner, scrubbing floors, walls, and over all just being a nosy bastard. On more than one occasion he had seen the dirt-bag naked as the day he was born, fit but very far from fine. On the other hand, he liked Commodus’s dad, he had been cool, smart and wasn’t a lazy coke snorting sex fiend. So seeing his son blow through all his Dad’s accomplishments had rubbed him raw, reminded him of his own family. One son blowing through his Father’s best works.
The hunter in question couldn’t help himself, he grinned devilishly as he thought at his Angel, still trying to hide. 'Ah come on Cass, can’t you take a joke?’
“Ver… very good, sir, I’ll get your orders in right away.” He didn’t wait for them to respond, instead fleeing towards the safety of the kitchen.
“Yeah, but I have a little brother who is into all this shit. His birthday is coming up thought I would get him something nice for once.”
The filthy words pushed him over the edge and he cried out his own pleasure as he came hard down his mate’s throat. Cass hadn’t known much dirty talk when they were first mated. But after six months of Deans teachings he was much better at it. He shuddered as he felt not only Cass swallowing around him but then the fission of his Grace going up his being. It prolonged his climax and milked him of every drop as had been Cass’s intention all along.
“I’ve been looking for his wings, they are nowhere to be seen.” Which he had been doing, stretching his Grace out to catch even the faintest glimpse of his hunter. Seriously what did Sam think he had been doing? Picking his nose and scratching his ass at the same time? Dean he knew was in trouble, he needed help and it was his duty and honor to provide it. “If those monsters are able to affect Dean’s wings, I will not be able to see them till we are close.”
“His Grace my Lord, they were draining as much of his power as they could as quick as they could. I could see the Holy Light as it fought the spells forcing it away from its master. It was burning the weaker demons, but the higher level ones were lashing it with their own containment spells. The shrieks and cries from him as his very essence was being stolen from him still reverberates in my ears. They were then taking his power and using it to fight us who were there to rescue him.”
Dean took his mate’s head into his hands, gently turning him to the side so he could get behind his ears, rubbing his own cheek against Cass’s as he licked and sucked at his lobe. Castiel shuddered at the feeling, still tense, still looking forward to when Dean would take him, but willing to wait. Dean couldn’t let him think of anything else other than love and calm, so increased his licks, his sucks, pressing gentle kisses against his cheek, across the bridge of his nose, his other cheek. All his movements calm and slow, rubbing himself against his Angel’s body to keep him focused on what he was doing. He was hard but just barely, and only to keep his mate thinking he was interested in taking him. Dean couldn’t take him like this, out of his mind and not able to give consent the way he enjoyed, the way they both enjoyed. But he wasn’t above making Cass think he would, till he could bring him back around properly. He was buying time to return his much beloved Angel to the state he loved.
Just as puzzled as Dean, “I’m not sure, whatever is in there I feel is trapped, rather than the source of the evil.”
It was actually quite surprising to him how much he was able to heal, especially without the older Angel’s Grace trying to kick him out. Evidently it recognized he was trying to help and was giving him free rein while it concentrated on keeping its Master alive. Time rolled by as he concentrated on his work, pushing himself beyond what he had ever done before when healing another Angel.  Only when he felt Gabriel’s system was stable enough did he switch to regenerating what he had actually lost. One benefit of the Archangel’s vessel was that it was entirely custom made by Gabriel itself. It wasn’t like his own vessel which had once belonged to another and now Castiel was forever bound to. His brother’s vessel had natural healing properties within it, if it had the energy to do so and he was delivering that energy. From ears to toes he forced himself to keep going, even as he felt his own energy dwindling.
Mr. Welles was a man in his early 50’s, lived in the town all his life and knew whatever was killing the people around here it wasn’t bears. His bright brown eyes were sharp as he recalled what he had seen. “Son, I’ll tell you never saw anything like it. Whatever it was had to have stood at least eight or nine feet tall, and it was ugly, really ugly. It looked like moss was growing everywhere out of it, or maybe really stringy hair, long claws and its face. NEVER seen a face like it.”
He thought back at Cass, ’30? Shit we can’t handle 30 all at once.’ He did his best to look around them, without giving away the fact they knew they were being surrounded.
Only when they were completely out of sight did he leave his awkward hidden crevice. Stepping out he debated which direction he wanted to go. The decision was taken out of his hand when he felt a sharp pull deep within his chest. It felt like someone was yanking on his arm, trying to pull themselves up his body as if he was a ladder. Stumbling a few steps he caught himself with a hand on the cliff face. Collecting himself, he slowly started heading in the direction the pull appeared to be coming from. Following the rock strewn path for what felt like forever. Other creatures would overtake him and each time he would duck down into a hidden crack or cave that magically appeared next to him.
Stopping at a red light he was tapping on his steering wheel to Van Halen when he happened to look over to the right. There in the strip mall between the liquor store and five and dime was a new addition. He could have sworn it wasn’t there a few days ago but he hadn’t really paid much attention to the area. He normally didn’t drive down this street since his normal food mart was ten blocks over. Still it was odd and his business was looking into odd things so he spun the wheel and slid into a parking spot, marveling at one being open on this busy shopping street. Climbing out, he tapped on the roof three times followed by humming the first line of his favorite song. He smiled as he heard the locks activate and felt the spell take over. Sure Cass could just press his hand on the car and protect it, but Dean had to concentrate and pull on his shared Grace to do the same thing. The spell helped him focus on what he wanted and now nothing would get inside. God he loved his mate and he loved his baby being fully protected.
Dean relaxing for a few minutes was glad to hear it. Now they just needed to find the bitch. “Okay new plan, we have her track the monster, we kill it, then we leave.” God his belly was starting to hurt, and he was seriously getting pissed off at Cass, why he had no idea though.
Little bit of smut, some action and adventure. Graphic description of injuries to bad guys. So there is going to be some icky parts.
Sighing Dean let the warm water from the rain head cascade over his body as Castiel groomed his wings properly this time. His Angel adored grooming his feathers and he loved it too, plus it was much easier to do so with another person. He frowned as he was reminded once again about how his wings weren’t perfect. Oh he could fly rings around just about anything. But the maintenance part was on the tedious side, since he couldn’t produce enough wing oil to coat them the way they needed to be. And what oil he did produce, didn’t last very long so had to be reapplied often, normally at least once a day.
Raising his own eyebrow, hearing the lie flowing from her with fondness, “I’m sure. Not this time Rowena, none of the books from the store Dean went to.”
Shaking her head, true smile on her pale face, “No, you have served us well. I do thank you and wish you good luck.”
The cops already tense, wired and on edge from all the other strange and unexplained problems, opened fired.
He wasn’t happy, in fact he was far from pleased with his sister at the moment. She was not conceiving properly as he tried to fill her with his seed. It was not from lack of trying on his part, he had fucked her over and over, coming hard and heavy within her. She was drenched with his corrupted cream and yet she still refused to take. Or to be fair to his sister, her body was being difficult. Her screams of agony as he used her, pleased his ears of course, the way she moaned and shook as he pounded inside her tight never used channel before. But each time he tried to plant her body just refused to accept his rightful deposits.
Castiel responded instantly, opening himself up completely to his mate. His mind, his heart, his soul, he bared all for the man who loved him no matter what foolish things he did.
Sam shocked at hearing from Dean finally sat up suddenly, mind working to clear itself of sleep. “DEAN!”
Castiel didn't give Sam a chance to respond his entire focus on the exhausted man in his arms. Dean might not like being carried but in this instance they had no choice, the hunter had given everything to protect them. Now he needed someone to return the favor.
His first stop was the library, searching for his brother and Rowena who he was sure had something to do with this latest problem. No doubt they had done something and it would fall to him to have to clean it up. Sammy wouldn’t, or at least he wouldn’t without unholy amounts of bitching and moaning. But god damn it he hadn’t caused the shit to show up, why should he have to clean it?
Instantly Cass shut up, a hurt look in his eyes for a second, before his returned to his normal placid face. Course Dean’s wings darkened even more. But damn it, everything Cass had said to him yesterday was finally settling in, and he would be lying if he said he wasn’t staggeringly disappointed and unhappy about it. So he was snappish at the man who was dead set on not taking him, but also not allowing him to find someone else.
Sarcasm rolling off his tongue, “Oh yeah, they are loving it, 500 people dressed with weapons, makeup, horns, wings and everything else. They took the couple to the hospital, and talked to those drunks you and Dean dealt with. They are actively searching for you by the way, so keep a very low profile.” He stopped them in the shadow of a large cabin, waiting for a group of jesters and jacks to move past. When they did he led Cass towards the back of the field, going towards the tree line opposite the one the Angel had come from.
Putting his work down, he brushed off his pants, wiping his hands together as he answered. “Sure I showed it to the police but they said it was a bear from what they could see. It's blurry and only lasts for a few seconds before it gets destroyed. I had it sending the video remotely and was lucky to get what I did. Like I said, I wasn’t about to go into the woods and I sure as shit wasn’t going to try and get my rig back.” The heavy set man stood easily from his chair heading to his computer in the corner. Pressing a few buttons he brought up the footage. “Here you go, this is all I managed to get.”
Power slammed into him viciously, maliciously, throwing him back against his lab’s wall, leaving a distinct imprint of his scaled body. Screaming in pain, he was distracted enough to not realize what was happening with the broken bond for a few precious seconds. Gathering his strength he fought the power, reached out with his own to take back what he deemed his. Only then did he learn what had happened.
The Angel looked up at him, knowing Dean was simmering over something. “Eat Cass, you need food, I can tell you are low on strength. And don’t give me that shit that you’re fine. I woke up this morning buzzing with energy.”
Dean taking Cass with him because taking Sam wasn’t an option, his Angel would pout or worry incessantly in his head while he went and talked to the local officers. Sam meanwhile was hitting up the local hunter stores, getting a better idea of the area, trails, hidden valleys, what the place generally was like.
Raging against her, blasting her with is own considerable corruption and evil she had stood firm, taking each attack with calm acceptance of her fate. Keeping him separated from the power he had sought for centuries. When his attacks had proved ineffective, he had snarled and ripped apart at least three of his underlings with his formidable talons. The rest of his creatures had fled his presence to escape certain death. Confronted with no longer having a physical outlet for his rage, he focused once more on the power she was safeguarding diligently. He wasn’t stupid, he knew he would eventually find a way to retake what was his by stolen right.
Cass jerked Dean out of the way of another male when he didn’t move fast enough for his liking. Then staggered as his instincts started screaming that extreme danger was behind them. He whirled around but there was nothing but more trolls. Senses still distracting him beyond all reason, he felt his Grace boiling up about to level everything in order to protect his mate. Why his power was doing so he had no clue and it was frustrating and frightening him. He was the one who controlled his power, not the other way around.
Trying to focus his power to heal himself, all so he could reach his mate and save him. Before he could recover, he was suddenly swarmed by creatures who smelled heavily of sulfur and despair. So strong was the scent he could feel his battered system trying to bring up the food he had eaten earlier in the day. Not that they cared, they overwhelmed him, dark skinned monsters with black eyes glowing with infernal fires. They pinned him down, placing spiked cuffs on his wrists, ankles and even a spiked collar which they pulled taunt instantly. The spikes dug deep into his neck, wrists and ankles, blood gushing out of multiple wounds. Not that he noticed as he was busy screaming from the excruciating pain he was now suffering.
The Impala purred down the highway, covering mile after mile with nary a complaint from herself or her wards. Dean was at the wheel as was normal, Sam was sitting next to him with Cass gazing out the window in the back. Sam had offered to sit in the back but had been turned down by both Dean and Cass. Evidently they figured they would not be able to keep their hands off each other if they were sitting together. Which was probably a good idea, Castiel more than likely would have reached for Dean, taking his hand, playing with his fingers, before sliding his hand over his thigh. Once that started, Dean wouldn’t be able to help himself as his dick would start to take an interest in what his mate was doing.
“So Sam after lunch we go to the bank? Then the store so I can finally get some candy? Since you’re being a stubborn ass and not buying it for me ahead of time?” Gabe teased him, stuffing his face with French fries.
“I’m being careful, still wish I could see though.” He grumbled as he walked over the stone pathway. At least he didn’t have to worry about tripping over anything.
Walking down the hallways they made their way to the other side of the bunker in the quarters furthest from the war room and library. It had been built that way to allow those who needed sleep a better chance at it. Nothing annoyed a person faster then waking up when something exploded nearby. Sam had moved down into this area to hopefully get some good sleep and not have to listen to his brothers as they decided to enjoy each other.
“Damn it Sammy stop it!” Dean growled throughly annoyed at how his wings changed color according to other peoples moods.
Jason gazed at where the two cars had disappeared for a long time. Did they really want to open the can of worms it would to put APB’s out on them?
“Tula? Ah yes I know what he is speaking of. There is nothing there now that I know of, but I think there is a new town close by.” Course it had been about 2000 years since he was last in the area.
“I’ll carry him back, you ride on ahead, talk to Charlie, get a place set aside, he will sleep most of the night and day away. He’ll need food as soon as he wakes.” Gazing down at the hunter in his arms, he reveled in the feeling of holding him. This was his chance to take care of Dean, he wasn’t going to squander it if he could avoid it.
“Indeed.” Cass agreed before turning to the friar. “When did this happen?” He asked as he waved his hand in the direction of the animals.
He loved looking out at the stars, the galaxies, the dark matter which had been created when his Father ate those chocolate covered raisins. Who knew he would be allergic to them or that he would fart for nearly 1000 years as they worked through his system. He knew Dad was surprised as hell, and mumbled something about his damn sister pulling a fast one, glad he locked her up. Gazing out at those stars, seeing the possibilities of the future, because in the past there was nothing and Gabriel hated nothing. He hated emptiness, because to be empty was to be lonely and he was a social creature. The most social of the four most powerful Angels Dad had created. But he was also the youngest and his brothers had been in existence for at least a couple million years before he had been. For some reason Dad had waited on creating him, saying something about it was all part of his plan, when he was super drunk on cosmopolitans.
Shaking his head at the offer of the chair, “I’m staying, I brought in a bedroll, take the chair wake me in a few hours. Let me know if anything changes though.”
Projecting his voice just enough so the other man could hear him. “Sam?” The Angel smiled when the man whirled around allowing him to see his face. The smile quickly turned to a confused frown when Sam started looking frantically around, it was as if he couldn’t see where his voice had come from. “Sam can’t you see me?”
Standing he wobbled as his equilibrium decided to stay flat, encouraging him to do the same thing. Slamming back into the bed, he just barely managed to keep from knocking his head into the metal grill shaped headboard. Groaning he rolled over, deciding to wait a few minutes to see if he could stand again. Rubbing his hand on his forehead, trying to will the room to stop spinning, he took deep slow breaths hoping his system would balance itself.
Gripping his hair firmly to keep him in place as he whispered darkly “Watch what you say Dean, I was behind you every step of the way, you may be as fast as a falcon, but I’m as fast as light.” He nipped at Dean’s neck causing him to shiver in lust. “I found it very amusing how you tried to avoid what I plan on doing to you.” He pressed his chest to Dean’s back, rubbing his own interested shaft in the space between his mate’s cheeks.
Dean looked up at his Angel with narrowed eyes. He could see Cass had been concerned, but he couldn’t help the appreciative sparkle in his eyes. Oh yeah his mate had been pleased to have him in his arms, safe and protected by his strength. He let it go because frankly he got the same thrill when it was him doing it. Though it was a hell of a lot harder for Dean to carry his mate, fucker was heavier than he looked. Swallowing his food, he looked around for something to drink. Cass handed him his flask back, filled with creek water. He took it but wished it was something harder. Once he had taken a swallow he continued eating. ‘How long was I out?’
Surprised at the choice for Quicklings were not known for being very responsible. “A Quickling? Are you sure?”
He remembered waking up, Dean screwing his brains out in a most satisfactory way, but not much after that. Maybe they went out to breakfast? He scowled to himself, no that wasn’t it, Dean had bitched about there not being much food in the bunker and that he needed to get groceries. He had done so but also had made a stop on his way home. What was it he had stopped for? Books, something to do with books, now what was it? He spent a few more minutes following the chain of evidence like Sam and Dean had taught him in his head. Books, why did they need books, to help someone, now who was that someone?
“Cass?” And damn if his dick wasn’t hard as a rock right now when he realized it was the Angel breathing on his ear. It was not good timing considering how pissed off Castiel seemed.
Cass nodded but said no more. Instead the two of them stood for a long time comforting each other as they prepared to save the Archangel Gabriel.
“Mysterious problems have cropped up in a certain part of it. They went to discover what is happening, even now they are starting their investigations.”
Running a hand through his shorn short hair, flickering his shoulders to put away his wings, “Fine lead the way McDuff. I’m right behind you.”
Dean groaned as Sam cackled merrily switching the radio to a station playing nothing but re-imagined 80’s songs all in a millennium generation friendly theme.
Castiel was always so serious and somber, unless Dean was around who would work at bringing his playful side out. In a sudden glimmer of insight Sam looked once more at Gabriel, who had rolled the window down to stick his head out. Most Angels they had dealt with were nothing but a bunch of tight ass dick heads. Cass had been the same way for the most part but sometimes a bit of humor, teasing or mischief would shine from his eyes. He had to have learned that from Gabriel, he was the only Angel they knew of who actively screwed around with people, pulling pranks and other shit on them. He laughed often and understood what humor was. If that was the case why did Castiel not remember much about Gabe? What had happened in the past to make him forget?
