And the Avengers...
Tony barely managed not to hit his head into the wall as Steve slide into him, instead clawing the muscled back. With a groan, Steve thrust the rest of the way in.
Clint, and Wanda, and Vision....
“Yeah, it's a lot to take in,” said Aqua.
Cassandra turned to the side a little, and Natasha could tell that she was hiding her laughter.
Please note that I removed some of my comments (and hopefully not anyone else). This does not mean I do not appreciate the reviews, just that my comments are rather boring, and I would much rather show the real number of reviews. Edit: And I will rewrite comments at the end of the fix, whenever that is
Tony hesitated for a moment, before touching the crystal. He tilted his head, as if listening.
'If you could choose....'
“I can try,” said Steve, with a smile.
“There are an infinite number of worlds. For anything you can imagine, for your dreams and nightmares of how your life could have been and will be, that world exists somewhere.” Howard crosses his arms behind his back, and the long, white, lab coat gave a swish as he moved.
“Family's not just about blood,” said Namine.
With a sigh, Tony willed his muscles to move, and found that he couldn't.
“No,” said Clint softly.
“We have to hurry,” she said. “They know, and they're going to come soon.”
Steve sighed. “We should probably rest a bit.”
"And things have happened in a short amount of time. I'm sorry."
“It's all right,” said Adaar, a small smile on his face. “I'm rather used to it. I'm not like a lot of Qunari you've met because I was never a part of the Qun.”
The response continued with laughter.
“Stop,” he said. “It's just you and me, Tony,” he whispered in his ear. “Look at me.”
Tony hurt, because every bit of negativity added to one big ball of pain, that seemed to become truth in his mind. As much as Steve tried to destroy that pain, he couldn't ever quite get it into Tony's head how much good he brought not just to the team, but to everyone.
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Tony finally managed to say.
“You wanna be an Avenger?” Tony asked Ramuh.
“I will fucking kill him,” said Steve.
“Let's call it an evening,” said Natasha. “It's been...”
“Why are you so upset? You're not supposed to be upset...” Tony watched him, eyes wide.
“Excellent,” said Rook. “And no, Rook is not Elvhen. It's something I chose for myself. Now, let me see these runes...”
“Of course,” replied Steve. “He always fights. That's just who he is. But even if I have to remind him every day, I want to try and get him to understand I love him.”
Normally, he would laugh the comment off, but what he saw last night made him flinch just a little. He knew that there was no hiding that from his sister, so he didn't bother to really try.
“Maker's Breath,” said Cullen. “He sounds like Dorian.”
At least he knew he wasn't the only one crying here.
“We'll fight the Heartless,” Steve continued, smiling down at Tony, who's eyes were wide. “We'll fight Nobodies, we'll raise the hellions, probably save the world a few times....”
“Tony, did you try to kill yourself?” asked Steve, his throat tightening up. He wasn't supposed to cry, damnit!
“Interesting,” Bull completed.
Steve replied, a wry grin on his face, “I believe your lovely description involved a lot of ice, and the Iron Bull with a large hammer, and something with Dagna and explosives, I believe, all after Natasha dealt with me. To be honest, I'm not sure Natasha would let me live.”
Of course, nobody wanted to call Captain America a freak, oh no. Pumped full of some serum, able to now do things no normal person could...
“Hello?” replied Tony, a bit uncertain. This Qunari certainly didn't talk like any others she had ever met.
Aqua colored a little. “That obvious?”
Just as interesting was discussing topics with Bruce. His expertise fell more with medicine and healing, but he had his fair shares of scuffles. Though not brought up under the Qun, he learned all he could, and often sat with Hawkeye and her, a book in hand, but still occasionally making comments.
“What the fuck is wrong with you fucking people? No, really? Who the fuck decided that was a good idea?”
“That's Bucky to ya!”
Kairi raised her hand, and a flame appeared in her upturned palm. “We all used to have brown hair, like you. When Uncle infused us with the esper blood, it...changed us. That's...that's what he's doing to you.”
“Demons again?” she asked. He didn't always tell her what he saw, but often she could figure it out. In a way, they had the same fears.
“I said no. It stays with me. You want to look at it, fine. I'll stay here. But it stays with me.”
"This is by far the most idiotic thing I've seen so far since coming to Skyhold," Harritt grumbled, gently tapping a bucket filled with water. Tony lugged the buckets himself, taking as many precautions as possible. He was relatively sure he wouldn't entirely catch on fire, but better to be safe.
One night, he snarled at his reflection, this monster, and flew out the window, away from his family. It was stupid. He knew it was stupid. That's when things always happened...
“If only I could fly,” said Tony.
“Someone saved you, or two someones, or something,” said Sam.
“The crown is only effective if worn. It is a risk to let them wander, even with the crown.”
“Yeah?” Toni couldn't have kept the sappy smile of her face if she'd tried. “Well, you're a winner, baby. Congratulations.”
“Alright then. I'll start the massager, please tell me if you feel any discomfort.”
“Oh wow, would you look at the time? I need to water my ca– I mean, plants. Later!”
Tony propped his hands up on his hips, looking at the perfectly baked apple pie that was sitting on the counter in front of him, its crust dewy with a buttery sheen, the filling glistening under the kitchen light. It looked amazing. Good enough to eat.
A sharp pain in his scalp made him gasp when Steve pulled his head up to make him look at him.
do for all the boys.”
“Is that good?” Steve asked and Tony nodded, leaning onto Steve to give him better access as Steve made quick work of scissoring his fingers until he could slip a third inside. “I'm so hard, Tony...”
"This isn't funny! Why didn't you
“There are many ways of sharing pleasure with someone,” Tony purred. “For as long as you touch me, my body is yours.”
“Another blanket?” Natasha asked him at one point, raising an eyebrow as she watched Tony carry his loot through the common area. Tony wasn't really listening, already thinking up all the ways he could ambush Steve into cuddling on the couch with him, maybe get a little frisky under this blanket – “Are you nesting in his room too, or what?”
. And Tony hated it with a passion.
Bucky raised an eyebrow. “Isn't that obvious?” Steve looked at him silently until Bucky rolled his eyes and sat back in his chair. “Alright, let me ask you this. If you had been made into a weapon that can be fired at will, without your input and sometimes even without your knowledge, and someone offered you a spot on a team of people you actually care about. Wouldn't you want someone to keep you in check? To protect them from what you know you can become?”
the one who forgot he had a meeting.”
“Nothing. Just... I'm happy we're talking about this, that's all.”
Steve blinked, looking down to see Tony still jerking off furiously, reaching back with his other hand to prod at his hole, and Steve’s throat went abruptly dry.
“Because you didn't smell
“Should've spent more time on my bicep curls, huh?”
Tony gave him a long look before he shook his head and walked out of the room, his nose once again buried in his phone. Steve watched him go, trying to push down the faint disappointment that tried to rise up in his chest, coupled with a fierce longing. He was very familiar with the sensation.
So what's next for this series? It'll probably be some time before I come back to this verse, but I still have a lot of stuff planned. Several spin-offs and side-stories and, well, we can't forget about Infinity War and Endgame, can we? ;)
There was a moment of silence as Pepper rifled through his words while Tony clutched his bowl with white knuckles – “Okay. Sounds like a plan.”
“Just kiss me, you idiot.”
Steve shook his head, sitting back on the couch as he grabbed the remote. “Let’s just watch the movie, okay? It doesn’t matter.”
Bucky shrugged nonchalantly. “Just saying. If Tony says you need to lay low it's gotta be about you somehow. And knowing you you've probably come up with every possible scenario in the book already.”
“What if we get caught?” Steve asked faintly, already knowing that any protest was a lost cause. Once Tony had his mind set on something... And who was he kidding, the thought of Tony fondling him on the subway was getting him hard enough to pound nails.
, and Tony realized that he could smell himself in there, his essence mixed with Steve's until they were almost indistinguishable.
, Pep,” Toni lamented, dropping back onto her bed with all of her limbs splayed out. “He's twenty-eight, for fuck's sake. How the hell can I fuck someone in their twenties? It's wrong on so many levels!”
“There we go,” he said smugly, and Steve made a strangled noise in return. “Hey, you okay?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve looked up from his porridge to find Bucky staring straight at him, his fingers steepled under his chin. “What?”
the one. I'm sorry.”
“I bet you say that to all the boys.”
“Well, I love you too much to let you do it alone. Idiot,” Tony said fondly, and Steve put his head in his hands with a sigh. “We'll figure it out, yeah? And if you're so concerned about hurting me there are tons of ways to make it more safe.”
“You're
Steve breathed out heavily against his shoulder, the hot air making Tony's skin prickle with goosebumps as Steve loosened his grip, letting go of their cocks. “Holy shit.”
Tony cleared his throat. “Yeah, uh. It's... recent.”
“Hm?” Steve didn't even pause in his endeavor to apparently push his nose along every single inch of Tony's neck, and honestly Tony was too tired to care.
“Tony,” Steve panted against his mouth, hips already hitching up into his, and Tony hummed, sliding his hands down Steve's chest.
From: t.stark@starkindustries.com
But Steve stayed perfectly calm the whole evening, prodding her to tell him story after story and sharing his own in return, and before long Toni forgot all about the circumstances of them being here and simply enjoyed herself. She nudged his leg with hers, sliding the toe of her stiletto up the inseam of his pants, and grinned when his hand tightened around his fork hard enough that he bent the metal. He stammered an apology to the waitress later while Toni waited by the door and discreetly slipped the valet an extra fifty.
Natasha shrugged. “I can just keep it if you don't want it.”
Steve blanched even though he felt a rush of arousal through the sudden adrenaline. “Tony,
“You're not going to hurt me, Jesus Christ,” Tony said, blowing out air through his nose as he propped his hands up on his hips. “If anything you'll hurt yourself. Fury told me about the risks.”
His breathing was a little uneven when he pulled his finger out and positioned the fleshlight over his cock. “Ready?”
Steve blinked his eyes open and saw dark curls twisting around an ear above the edges of a bearded jawline. He recoiled, realizing all at once that he’d somehow cuddled up to the doll in his sleep, one leg flung over its hip and both arms wrapped firmly around its chest. Steve flushed with abject horror, about to pull away and try to ignore what happened –
“Tony, what –“ Steve broke off as soon as he saw Tony’s face, a worried frown creasing his brow. “What’s wrong?”
Steve's shackles had just enough give for him to brace his feet, and Tony gave himself a mental pat on the back for that foresight when Steve made good use of the leverage he had to fuck Tony with enough force to make the bed frame rattle. There was a knot of heat somewhere low in Tony's gut that sent licks of pleasure throughout his entire body every time Steve's cock filled him up to bursting. Tony could barely breathe through how good it was, the feeling of being so totally overwhelmed, coasting on the pleasure that was just on the right side of too much.
Tony thought as he laid back down, rolling onto his side when Steve's arms automatically came up to pull him close. Now he could only wait.
“Green doesn't look good on you, Barnes,” Tony said haughtily and Bucky flipped him off. “Also, just for the record, Ross was not tracking my phone. I triple checked that shit.”
Bucky smirked, crossing his arms over his chest. “I don't know. Why don't you tell me how you feel about me first?”
Tony wasn't too proud to admit that it soothed his hurt pride to hear that after what happened last time. “I know.” He brought one hand down just enough to swipe through the mess that was already dripping down his thighs, holding it up to Steve's nose. “Even better here, hm?”
“It's okay,” Steve said quickly, pasting a smile on his face that looked horribly fake. “I know we weren't – it's okay if you –“
Bucky snorted, rubbing at his metal wrist. "Not with this I don't."
“That's what
Tony looked at him dubiously before he stepped closer, glancing down at the book. Steve saw the moment it sank in when Tony did a double take, leaning over the desk to get a better look, and Steve watched his expression change as he took in the drawing.
“It doesn't matter now. What's done is done. We have to make the best of what we have.”
Tony ignored him, walking out into the living room to inspect Steve's couch pillows and the throw that was haphazardly draped over the side of it. Two of them passed muster and Tony nodded decisively as he dragged them over to the bedroom, past a rather flabbergasted looking Steve.
, alright,” Clint said, finally tilting his head and catching the bottle when Sam waved a hand at him with a disgruntled look. Clint took his ten dollars with a flourish before he plopped down on the couch opposite Toni, giving her an obnoxious wink. “What does ten dollars buy me at Stark Industries? A hair comb? A custom dildo?”
“Let’s lie down,” Tony said and Steve nodded against his neck, guiding them over to the bed where they lay down on their sides. The beard was new but everything else about the sight of Steve was so
“Thank you,” he said, his breath catching audibly when Toni set the glass to her lips and downed it in one go. She watched as he swallowed hard, his eyes glued to her throat for a long moment before he visibly caught himself, giving her a small smile and a stammered excuse before he turned and left her standing by the entrance, her empty glass still in her hand.
“No,” Steve said, sounding just as choked up as he looked. “You –
“Thank you,” Steve slurred, and Tony fucked into him just as hard as before, the sound of his thighs slapping against Steve's ass almost drowned out by Steve's deep-chested moan.
Steve groaned, and Tony swallowed hard because Steve looked like an absolute vision. His head was tilted back, mouth open and chest heaving with every breath as he stared unseeingly up at the ceiling. After a moment his eyes rolled down to meet Tony's with such awe and
The flip phone of manly tears is back, yay. I hope you enjoy this one!
"Anytime," Tony said. "Steve's friends are my friends."
“So. You missed me?”
Steve turned his head just enough to look at him. “But that's not it, is it? We both know I'm bigger than you.” He smiled. “You wanted me to say that you're
“How’s that?” Tony asked and Steve moaned, grabbing one cheek to watch his fingers dig into the flesh as his other hand spasmed on the fleshlight, squeezing it to make it even tighter – “You want to come inside?”
Tony hid a fond smile behind his hand as he twisted his other in Steve's palm, interlacing their fingers.
Steve didn't resist as Tony carried him over to the bed, but as soon as Tony tried to untangle their limbs Steve whined and pulled Tony back on top of him, his hips hitching up against Tony's thigh.
He kept his hand tight around the base as he gave tiny kitten licks to the head, reaching down with the other to gently roll Steve's balls in his palm, just feeling out what kind of stimulation he might enjoy. Steve responded beautifully to the touch, arching into Tony's hands as he threw his head back and panted.
“Do I need to call HR on you, Stark? Again?”
In the case that the Avengers fail to retrieve the aforementioned individuals in the given time frame the UN will be forced to issue an arrest warrant and hand the case over to the authorities. In light of the threat assessment that the UN has placed on James Buchanan Barnes this warrant will include orders to shoot on sight.
Steve choked down a gasp at the last second, his legs shaking when Tony's fingers squeezed the head of his cock, his thumb rubbing right across the slit. He only realized he was holding his breath when Tony nipped at his tight throat, his goatee scratching the side of Steve's neck.
“Promise?” Steve's voice sounded small, and Tony hugged him tight, his chest clenching when Steve breathed out shakily against his neck, holding him as if he was afraid Tony would disappear at any moment.
“There – what?”
have.” There was no arrogance in his voice, and judging by what Steve had heard about satyrs he was probably right. “If that is something you want, I will give it to you. All I need is to hear you say yes.”
“Oh, no, go ahead,” Steve said quickly as Ms. Potts turned to Mr. Stark, giving him a stern look.
Subject: RE: Sokovia Accords
Since Tony was an omega the abstinence clause had never come up in his own contract – not going into heat regularly was beyond detrimental to an omega's health – but for alphas it was a different story. They were prone to battle ruts which could hinder missions in more ways than one, and since rutting didn't have any substantial impact on their sexual health it was perfectly legal to ask an alpha to sign up for year-long suppressant treatments.
Steve wanted to make it last a little longer, but he could already feel his balls drawing up, his thighs shaking with every thrust, so he grabbed Tony's ass tighter, spreading him even further so he could watch his hole contract and expand around the tube.
“Not weird?” Tony asked, internally cursing himself when it came out more timid than he'd liked.
supposed to coerce him into sleeping with him? Not that Steve would seriously consider it. Ever. But still –
“And now I can’t do that anymore,” Tony lamented, and Rhodey huffed out a sigh.
When Steve finally grabbed his hips with a murmur of his name Tony didn't hesitate to turn around and plant himself in Steve's lap, hearing JARVIS switch the TV off in favor of some soft jazz music. Sometimes Tony could kiss his AI.
Steve cursed, shoving a hand between their bodies and ripping, so hard that Tony gasped as the denim tore away from his legs. “Sorry, sorry, are you –“
“Hey.”
“What? Why not?” Tony asked, confused. “I know this bakery that –“
They got the remaining two hundred bucks in under two minutes, and Tony swooned, clutching the paddle to his chest. “Aww, you guys are too good to me. Okay, let's all count together.” Tony sat up on his haunches as he turned his back to the camera and rubbed the paddle over his asscheeks. “Left first or right first? Dealer's choice.”
“Oh my god, I don’t care. I just want to watch your ass stretch around nothing.”
Tony huffed out a breath, relief and a renewed tension battling in his gut at hearing Steve put a name to the mess in his brain. “Yes.”
He opened the drum, wiggling his empty palm at the camera before he stuck his hand inside and rummaged around until his fingers caught on a slip and he pulled it out, holding it up over his shoulder with a cheeky grin.
“Everyone suit up!” Steve shouted and they all burst into action. He saw Natasha pull Vision aside as he hurried past, briefly catching Tony's eye across the room. Steve shook his head,
–“ was all he got out before Tony slammed him back against the wall and kissed him with enough force to knock Steve's head back against the plaster. Steve pulled Tony closer to grind their cocks together, and they both let out choked moans before Tony suddenly pulled away and Steve heard a thunk as Tony's knees hit the floor.
“It got worse over night, didn't it?” Steve asked tiredly, and Bruce patted his hand across the table.
He looked a little overwhelmed, and Tony suddenly realized just how strange this must be for him, having to perform in front of a camera and all. Sure, it was only a photo, not a video, but still, if you weren't used to it –
“I know we weren't
Subject: Mission Briefing
“Tuesday, had to get fitted, but I heard it works better when it’s custom made.” Tony grabbed the package out of his hands to start tearing it open, cursing when the tape tangled. “Scissors?”
T'Challa didn't seem fazed by his tone, his eyes as intent as ever. “A changed one, I presume. And if we are very lucky you may even be a just one.”
“It's
Those words made something hot flicker to life in Steve's stomach, his cheeks heating as his hand clenched on Tony's hip.
Tony was greeted by the smell of pasta as he opened the door to their floor, his stomach churning before he even saw Steve. It took a moment before he could raise his eyes from the doorknob and by the time he looked up Steve was standing right in front of him, his face unreadable. Tony opened his mouth, not sure what he was going to say, when Steve suddenly stepped forward and wrapped his arms around him.
“I can't fucking believe this,” he mumbled under his breath as he took another step forward, carefully slow this time. The plant seemed to bristle in response, wrapping its tendrils even tighter around Tony in a possessive hold.
“I have no problem with yielding to someone else's leadership,” Steve said carefully, looking down at his hands. “But only when I'm sure that they'll work in the world's best interest. The last time I put my trust into an organization like this they turned out to be HYDRA.”
“First timers need to share a meal with the Great Council. I'll take you there.”
Tony blinked. Then blinked again. “What?”
“You didn’t kidnap someone, did you?”
“Oh.” Tony heard clothes rustling over the line. “Are you going to...“
Steve glared at him. “A
Steve could only stare, confused and more than a little horrified as Tony kept screaming, so loudly that the sound rang in Steve's ears even after he stopped. Then Tony turned back towards him with an impish smile.
“Ding ding ding ding!” Bucky said as he mimed ringing a bell. “You wanna go home, you have to play Ross' game. And that terrifies you.”
“Two minutes,” Pepper said from next to them, looking at her pager with a frown. “Do you both have your cue cards?”
“Fuck,” Tony said heartily and Steve couldn't help but agree.
I didn't know I missed writing Pepper but now that I have, I kind of missed her. Just in time for Homecoming ;) Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy this one!
“Okay,” Steve said gently, and Tony startled when Steve's fingers slid into his hair before he practically melted into Steve's touch although the buzzing in his brain only got louder because he didn't deserve this, not yet – “I can do that. Thank you for telling me, sweetheart.”
"Hey, it's okay," Tony said gently, grunting when Steve suddenly pulled him on top of him and wrapped him up in his arms and legs. Tony chuckled, patting Steve's shoulders with both hands. "I thought the octopus thing was my shtick."
“You live where I live,” Tony protested, but Steve had already left the workshop, his lingering scent only cementing what just happened. Tony let his head drop onto the counter, a groan stuck behind his teeth.
That was more than he could've ever hoped for.
"We're both depraved," Steve groaned and Tony laughed.
Steve wanted to argue that Tony's position was too precarious to risk it like this – but they
Steve's face shuttered as he grabbed his things, standing up from the table. “Don't make fun of me right now, Tony. This isn't –“
Washington, DC 20500
Steve's shoulders slumped. He had to tell Tony the truth.
“Tell me what you did, Tony.”
“More like six or nine,” Natasha said under her breath, but Tony ignored her as he darted back into the common room and dragged all of their spare pillows out of the cupboard. “Hey, those are for movie night!”
Pepper had already laid out his outfit and shoes on his dressing chair – again, just a chair in the storage closet, but she liked to make it sound fancy – and Tony didn't waste much time putting it on, brushing his teeth and slapping on a bit of make-up for the camera. He took a moment to put on some eyeliner, smudging it to perfection, and when he eventually realized that he was going over the same spot for the fifth time he accepted defeat and stopped stalling.
“Hello?”
Steve reached for the glass so slowly that Toni noticed the delay. Their fingers brushed, and Toni almost flinched when Steve's thumb slid ever so slightly over her knuckles, deliberately, before he took the glass from her, his tongue darting out to wet his lips.
Steve slipped his hand underneath the waistband to scratch his fingers through his pubic hair before he reached down further, pressing down on the base of his cock. That simple touch alone was enough to make him shiver, and he kept his grip purposely light when he finally wrapped his hand around his cock, just holding it for now.
Steve watched him go, and suddenly he realized what that feeling was. What made him want to ask Tony to stay, just a little longer, because – because –
Toni slid her hands over his muscled pecs, raking her long nails down his stomach and abs, and Steve jerked underneath her, his hips canting forward on instinct when she reached his waistline and traced it with sharp fingertips.
“Hey, hey, shh...” Tony slid his hands up into Steve's hair, and Steve pushed into his touch with a desolate whine that tugged at Tony's heartstrings. “We'll figure this out, okay? I bet it's just... hormones or something. We can fix this.”
Steve bit his lip, looking down at the doll's firm asscheeks, and suddenly all he could see were the almost invisible seams of its silicone parts, showing all the places where the mold hadn't quite overlapped perfectly. The skin was too flawless, without any dimples or moles, and when he looked back at the hole wrapped around his finger, its sharply cut, unwrinkled edges didn't seem all that appealing anymore.
So if the Avengers are placed under UN jurisdiction and they don't sign these accords...
Tony kept squirming underneath him, his hips hitching up against Steve's as his fingers tangled in his hair, and
“We're not forcing you to actively participate in our Council duties, Mr. Stark. All we want is to offer the vampires of New York our protection in case they run into trouble with the more... discriminatory parts of society.” There was something dark in his eyes as he looked straight at Tony. “We can't do that if you aren't registered in our program.”
“Oh, that? Don't worry about it.” Steve waved him off. “It's perfectly natural. I'm sorry, I should've warned you about that side effect.”
From: s.rogers@starkindustries.com
Tony yelped.
“Steve –“
“Hm?” Steve's head whipped around to him, his ears bright red when he nodded. “Yeah. I'm ready.”
“Jesus fucking Christ,” Tony hissed, walking around to Steve's backside, and Steve sucked in a breath when he felt Tony's fingers on his ass, spreading him open. “
“Okay,” Steve said quietly, his cock giving an interested twitch when Tony scratched him again, his own hands digging into Tony's sides. “Uh. We should probably –“ He choked on his words when Tony touched his cock again – but only tucked it back into his pants.
“It's for your own good,” Steve said, and Tony rolled his eyes.
In the end it wasn't really a fair fight because Steve ended the kiss by getting his hands on Tony's crotch, which meant Tony's mouth dropped open on a moan and gave Steve ample opportunity to press his advantage by licking his way inside. Tony let him enjoy the victory for a minute before he pulled away, resting his forehead against Steve's cheek as they both panted for breath.
Toni grinned, already knowing they were going to mop the floor with the bird duo, when a grip on her arm made her pause, looking over to meet Steve's eyes.
“Not in front of our boss we don't,” Steve hissed and Fury rubbed a hand over his face before he waved them off.
Still, the envelope was addressed to him, so Steve shrugged and opened it, pulling out the weirdly thick feeling paper. He skimmed through the first couple of paragraphs – then went back and read them very carefully. Then read them again, his eyes going steadily wider.
And then Steve came, pumping his come into Tony with a shout, and it only took a couple of strokes for Tony to follow him over the edge, his whole body twitching with pleasure as Steve kept dragging his knot along Tony's walls with every jerky thrust.
“Who? Ah, yeah, that's Pep. My manager.”
busy?”
Tony snorted.
that, didn't you?”
Toni shook her head, burying her face in her pillow with a sigh. It didn't matter that Steve kept asking her to go out with him and the team. It didn't matter that his eyes seemed to stray to her lips almost every time she talked. It didn't matter that he held the door open for her after their sparring sessions, always unerringly polite even though she caught him adjusting his pants after she put him on the mat more than once.
“Because omegas don't have two nests?”
“Yes?” Tony ventured, and Steve laughed hoarsely, his grip getting even tighter.
“Ten bucks says he can't make it to the three minute mark.”
“Did you have a good flight?” Tony asked through a mouthful of rigatoni and Steve smiled in relief at the question. Tony could relate.
Pepper was silent for a moment before she sighed. Tony could picture her putting her head in her hands. “I don't like this.”
Steve made a small noise. “Well, you should – um. Whatever you want.”
“Bruce now. Kinky plant-inspired sex later.”
“You feel incredible,” Steve breathed against him, and Tony wanted to arch into him, but quickly found that he couldn't, completely pinned down by Steve's weight. The realization that he couldn't move, didn't
Tony frowned. “I know what it looks like. But me and my lawyers –“
“You're gonna split your lips one of these days,” Natasha said drily, and Tony snorted, checking the flavor – coconut, of course – before pocketing it. “Seriously. I know you're insatiable and he's probably making up for lost time, but it feels like we're going to have to surgically remove you from his face if you're not careful.”
“Well, you should.” She pulled her arm out of his grip. “Let's be reasonable here, okay? You should look for a girl your own age, not someone who could be your goddamn
“I never, um.” Steve swallowed hard. “I never… got around. To that part.”
“Yeah.” Steve's chest expanded with a sigh, the arm still wrapped around Tony suddenly tense. "So when are they picking me up?"
“It's not weird if it feels good for you.” Tony smiled at him. “Look, I'm limited by my own perception here. But if you say you like the feeling of getting your dick punched, who am I to say that's not valid? I believe you when you say it feels good.”
Steve's undercover ops were the bane of Tony's existence. Weeks, sometimes months, of no contact and nothing to keep him company but a cold, empty bed. And with little else to focus on, Tony's mind cycled through worst case scenarios faster than a rolodex. It was torture.
“Yep.” The waitress came back with another bowl and a glass of their homemade morning tea. Steve thanked her with a smile, digging in right away. He'd had quite a long journey back, but he hadn't realized just how hungry he –
“Yeah, I guess,” Steve said with a shy smile that made something low in Tony's stomach tingle –
Steve groaned, his fingers digging into Tony's sides as he seemed to search for words. “Inside you,” he finally said and Tony chuckled, hissing when Steve suddenly prodded at his hole with two fingers.
“The suit is not a weapon,” Tony cut him off stiffly. “It’s an extension of myself. No one but me will ever wear it.”
“So I've been told,” Tony said to hide how fast his heart was suddenly beating. Steve gave him a soft smile.
“I know, it's okay,” Tony rasped out, moaning as he reached down to squeeze the base of his cock until he could come on Steve's knot. When he opened his eyes Steve was staring right at Tony's hand, a groan tearing from his throat as his hips twisted, trying to get his cock even deeper.
Steve shrugged, his skin itching uncomfortably with the feeling that Tony was looking right through him. Down to the parts he'd never let anyone see. “I tried not to. I never got caught, so it must've worked.”
Steve shook his head almost imperceptibly, and Tony huffed a quiet laugh.
“I believe that Mr. Stark has been afflicted with hysteria,” Dr. Yinsen said, not beating around the bush. Tony frowned when Dr. Yinsen only glanced at him for a second before he kept talking directly to Obie. “It is a fairly common disorder that sits at the root of many types of behavioral disobedience in omegas. In fact I have a physician on staff who specializes in treatment of those exact symptoms.”
“You drew that and you never figured out what it meant that I was looking at you that way?”
Toni rolled her eyes. “Those days are behind me, Barton.”
They both turned to see Sam coming down the stairs, looking at them with wide eyes.
In your first draft you recommended Natasha Romanoff as the Avengers' ambassador. In this finalized version you changed it to Anthony Stark.
Steve made a punched out noise when Clint dropped halfway on top of him as Bucky forced his way onto the couch. Clint squawked, kicking out at Bucky. “Dude!”
“You had those too though, right? Come on, I can't be the only one –“
, like a dam opening that let whatever it was spill forth, and Steve groaned like he was dying, his hands scrabbling all over Tony's neck and shoulders like he was desperately trying to hold on.
Tony gasped, hand slapping against the shower wall to hold him upright as his orgasm caught him completely off guard, rushing up on him so fast that his legs buckled. He winced when his knees hit the floor, his cock still jerking in his fist as he rode through the aftershocks, muscles feeling like jelly as he came down from the most intense high he'd had in a while.
-versus-
Steve tugged him forward into a kiss that was almost chaste until Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and tumbled them back onto the bed. They both laughed and Tony felt lightheaded with joy when Steve nuzzled his nose against his.
The label said 'One pump', but Tony did two just to be sure, slathering the clear liquid over his bonding gland and behind his ears where Steve usually liked to sniff him. He couldn't smell anything just yet, but according to the website the product took some time to take effect since it wasn't a perfume so much as a chemical that would alter Tony's natural scent enough to hopefully fool Steve's alpha senses.
Tony kept his face carefully blank even though he could feel his heart pounding in his throat. “I don't know what you're implying.”
Tony swore his brain short-circuited for a moment as he imagined it - Steve's lips around him, framed by soft hair that would, fuck, it would
He came in messy streaks all over their stomachs, every pulse sending shocks of pleasure all the way to the tips of his toes. His tense throat relaxed just enough to let out a moan as he rode through the tail end of his orgasm, breath punching out of him when Steve thrust into him hard, his hands clenching on Tony's hips.
“Did you just use the mouth? Hell, the ear maybe? Jerk off on its toes?”
SUBJECT:           (U//FOUO) Telephone Conversation with acting Secretary of State, Thaddeus Ross.
He blinked his eyes open when Tony pushed something into his hands, looking at the bottle of lube before he met Tony's eyes. Tony was grinning, his face a little flushed, and Steve felt his cock twitch because
“No,” Tony breathed, and Steve watched in disbelief as another vine slipped inside right alongside the first, twisting around it until they looked like a corkscrew. Steve didn't think that could be comfortable, but Tony clearly disagreed, throwing his head back with a groan. “They're
Tony grunted, hand flailing out to grab Steve's head when Steve started
“You didn't, Steve. It was too much, I know. I'm sorry, I should've warned you before I did that.”
DATE, TIME         September 17, 2016, 5:26 – 5:43 p.m EDT
“No, I – I have. It's just –“ He took a shaky breath, covering the hand she still had on his thigh with his own. “I know what comes after. And I haven't –“
touch him. “Twelve.”
Toni snorted, kicking him with the toe of her nine-inch Pleaser boot. “Nice try, jailbait. You're way too young for me.”
Steve seemed to ponder that for a moment before he shook his head, his face smoothing out with relief. “Wow. That went a lot better than I expected.”
Which was… bad.
“Well, I trust cold hard facts, you fucking –“
“Yes,” Steve gasped, humping forward again, his arms straining in their bonds. “Anything. Please.”
The anticipation was almost as thrilling as the actual sensation when Tony finally touched him there, his fingers rubbing over his entrance in firm strokes that already felt better than anything Steve had felt before.
“Pretty please with a cherry on top?”
Tony blinked sweat out of his eyes as he strained against Steve's grip, still kicking his hips up to try and reach –
"No, shh, shut up." Tony couldn't stop touching it, his stomach swooping at the feeling of surprisingly long hair beneath his fingers. "Holy shit!"
“Water then? I'm sure we have some soda or whatever lying around somewhere –“
Tony turned to look at the man approaching him, clocking his military uniform as he gave him a polite smile. “In the flesh. I’m sorry, I don’t think we’ve met?”
“Do you pinch them? Twist them? What do you do?” There was still none of the disgust Steve had expected in Tony's voice, so he gathered his courage and met his eyes.
Steve shook his head in fond exasperation. “Maybe just tea then. I feel like I shouldn't encourage your bad habits.”
Tony nodded, grabbing the gown as Steve left the room, closing the door behind him. He tugged off his clothes at record speed, debating for a moment whether or not he should keep his underwear on, but if the procedure was about massaging his pelvis he probably wanted as little fabric lines as possible there. Tony slipped on the gown before he tucked his underwear underneath the rest of his clothes and walked back over to the table, trying to figure out the best way to gracefully lie down on it. But before he could follow through the door opened and Steve came back inside.
“Just like that,” Tony breathed, and Steve cursed, arching off the bed as he stared at Tony like he was barely hanging on to his sanity.
“That will not be possible. We've already accepted your offering for dinner.”
“And if I ask for nothing more than this?” Steve didn't know what kind of answer he expected, but it wasn't for Tony to look even more delighted, his eyes fixed so firmly on Steve that it felt as if he were looking right through him. It was heady to be the center of someone's attention like that.
"It's cute that you say that like you have a choice." Tony leaned down to press a kiss to Steve's neck, smiling when he pulled back and saw that Steve had his eyes closed. "Tired?"
“Oh, come on, we both know that’s bullshit,” the general scoffed. “You built War Machine, didn’t you?”
“You're not staying for dinner?”
“Ah, nothing that serious,” Bruce said evasively, rubbing the back of his neck. “As for where, he's probably –“
Steve grunted as he came, hips jerking against the doll’s skin until he was done, his cock a line of heat pressed against his stomach. He looked down at the mess, the pearly strings dripping down the doll's side and leaving wet spots on the towel he'd put underneath it that very first day, and felt his breath catch in his throat.
“Completely unlike anyone I know then.”
“If you had the kind of kill record I have, would you not want to be held accountable?” Bucky was looking at him so intently that Steve felt his skin crawling with nerves. “Wouldn't you want to make sure that nothing like that can ever happen again?”
“I don't think that's a good idea,” Steve said hoarsely, but Tony just smiled at him.
But he could. Steve was very aware that
to be a mask, because there was no way that Steve could witness him falling apart like this and not feel anything –
"Steve? Is that - holy fuck!"
“Hey, Steve! Guess what I got!”
“I'm good, I'm ready, come on,” Tony babbled, and Steve pulled his fingers out, fumbling some more lube into his palm to slick up his cock before he lined up and – “Oh fuck, Steve –“
“Don't worry, sweetheart. I'll take care of you.”
“Okay.” Tony snuggled up to Steve, using his bicep as a pillow. “Cause I'd like it if you did that again. Obviously.”
“Others?” Steve asked a little tentatively and Tony smirked.
Through the haze he could hear Steve mumbling reassurances to him, things like “You're so good” and “I'm so proud of you”, and it was making Tony's heart swell with warmth, his whole body going slack with relief. They had played like this before, and it wasn't even the first time Steve had punished Tony to give him some closure over something that upset him, but it had never felt like this. Like Steve had reached for something deep inside him and pulled it out into the open, giving it a chance to heal.
MEMORANDUM OF TELEPHONE CONVERSATION
Steve couldn't. He could feel the tension building low in his gut, his balls drawing up in preparation as pleasure licked up and down his spine like molten lava. His fingers were digging into the pole now, desperate to hold on and not lose it in front of all these people, oh god, if he came in his pants here there was no way he could hide it –
“What hits?”
Steve took a deep breath. “If you say it's going to work... then I'll just have to trust that you'll find a way. You always do.”
Tony groaned, bracing his shoulders on the mattress so he could raise his hips and make room for Steve who immediately took him up on the silent invitation. Steve made quick work of what little clothes they were wearing before he laid down on top of him, the friction of their cocks sliding together drawing twin moans from both of them.
Bucky snorted, drumming his metal fingers on the table. “Really? Do tell.”
Steve wanted to keep arguing. This was beyond stupid, not to mention dangerous, what with them not even knowing what the plant was capable of.
“Come. Here.”
Steve nodded, and Tony looked down, biting his lower lip as he lined himself up and –
“Was there something you didn't like?” Steve's voice was quiet, but Tony could still hear the nervous edge in it. “I went a little farther than last time, so –“
Dear Mr Secretary,
He stalled only for a minute before he took the plunge and walked back to his bedroom, eying the package from the doorway. The carton had fallen shut again, and Steve took a deep breath before he went over and tugged the rest of the packaging off the doll.
He flinched, his heart pounding with adrenaline when Tony groaned loudly, but the sound cut off abruptly as Tony's thighs stiffened on either side of Steve's hips. Shit.
I do not make this assumption lightly. The psychologists I consulted assured me that based on their behavioral patterns Mr. Stark is more likely to agree to our terms.
Steve moaned, grabbing Tony around the waist as they kissed desperately, clutching at each other as if they might up and disappear at any moment. Tony's tongue was in Steve's mouth, but despite the heat building between them it didn't quite tip into lust, more like he was proclaiming a sense of belonging. Steve's hands clenched on his waist, shaking so hard Tony could feel it as their kiss slowly gentled into something more calm, more settled.
Steve let out a heavy breath, dropping his bag although the nervous tension in his body refused to let him sit back down. “It's okay if you don't feel the same way. I never expected you to.”
“He is not your bond mate,” Ignacio said, a frown marring his otherwise flawless face. “You have laid no claim on him.”
“Right here.” Steve grabbed the tiny jar before he led Tony to their bedroom and laid him out on the bed, kneeling at his side. Tony buried his face in his arms, moaning at the first touch of Steve's cool fingers on his ass. The salve was a home-brew that Bruce had originally developed as a medical aid for Avengers business, but since Tony had found out how well it worked for this kind of play both he and Steve always stowed a little extra in their bathrooms, for situations just as this.
been going down, and it wasn't like Tony didn't know why. He'd finally found the inspiration to start a new project again, so these last two months he'd spent more time building things and making schematics than he had encouraging his fanbase of thirsty perverts. He'd never wanted shaking his ass on camera to end up becoming his main source of income anyway.
“I'm close,” he gasped, and Steve's grip on him tightened as he sped up, burying his face in Tony's neck to bring them even closer.
Tony yelped as his arms were grabbed by more vines, pulling him up so instead of hanging upside down his hands were now pulled over his head in a tight grip, stray leafs wrapping around his arms to make them completely immobile. “Oh my God, it's – fucking
At least that finally made Steve look up at him. “Fury talked to you about this?”
Steve hummed, answering Tony's smile with one of his own. “I guess you'll have to wait and see.”
Great. “Any ideas on how we can extract Tony safel–“ Steve blinked. “Uh... Tony, what are you doing?”
“Are you standing by your claim that Mr Barnes did not set off that bomb in Vienna?”
“What kind of stuff?”
was still in the top fifty on his streaming website of choice, but it had been steadily dropping in ranks over these past few weeks since Tony had been busy with other projects. Right now the real money was in Tony's side hustle on OnlyFans where he provided private pictures and personalized messages written on his body. And, well, posted pictures of random guys' dicks in his mouth.
Steve grunted, but obediently shuffled up onto his knees so Tony could reach him and pull him into a kiss, his stomach thrumming with arousal when he felt the wetness that got caught in Steve's beard brush against his skin. He reached down to find Steve's hand already on his cock, jerking himself off furiously, and Tony batted it away to replace it with his own. Steve made a choked noise when Tony squeezed him and immediately set a downright brutal pace, grinning when Steve grabbed his shoulders in a vice grip, fucking up into his fist.
Tony only released his grip once the couple sat down, and Steve let out a slow breath, trying to regain his equilibrium – which Tony immediately shattered by placing both of his hands on Steve's crotch and slowly rubbing up and down.
Steve sighed and leaned forward to fetch a bottle from the table, handing it to Clint. “Happy now?”
“General Higgins, United States Armed Forces.” Tony shook his hand, internally sighing at the death grip of dominance. Military guys and their pissing contests, seriously. “I was stationed in Afghanistan. Horrible thing, what happened to you.”
Toni groaned into her pillow, ignoring the judgmental look she could feel trained on her. It wasn't like she didn't deserve it.
Tony hummed, turning in Steve's arms to press a kiss to his naked chest as Steve's hands found his hair, stroking it gently. “What did you think about?”
“Come on. You never thought about it?” Tony's fingers traced a line down the buttons of his shirt. “What's hidden under here?”
“A long list of ill-advised choices,” Tony said with a grin, leaning back to pull his dick out of the mess between them. “Come on. We can finish this in –“
From: thaddeus.ross@whitehouse.gov
“Please,” Steve gasped, his eyes squeezing shut when Tony settled down on top of him. “Oh god, Tony,
. Like – like –
“Okay, I'll bite.”
Tony snorted. “Yeah, I guess we just stick it in. JARVIS connected it when I turned it on.”
Tony cut him off with a kiss that made Steve’s whole body jerk, dragging a ruined groan from him that went straight to Tony’s dick.
“Okay,” Steve said after a long moment, his breath brushing the side of Tony’s face. “Now, do you want to talk about it?”
Making Steve come was second nature at this point. Tony pulled out all the stops, kissing Steve until they were both short of breath, his hand working Steve's cock with just the right pressure to make it jerk in his grip. Fuck, he loved doing this for Steve.
Steve sighed. “I’m sorry, okay? I really have been busy.”
On the 14th of October two men were brutally assaulted during the escape of the accused James Buchanan Barnes from UN Headquarters. It is yet unclear whether Barnes was the one orchestrating the assault, but sources say that he was seen running from the crime scene only minutes before the police showed up. Several members of the Avengers team led by Captain America (Steve Rogers) left the premises not long after the attacks, presumably to chase after the escaped criminal. As of today they have not returned.
“That sounds rough, Tony, I'm sorry,” Steve said, his voice a little tinny over Tony's comm piece. “I wish I could help.”
“Hey, it's as real as we need it to be,” Tony said, nuzzling Steve's neck and humming when Steve returned the favor, hugging him close. “I'm just glad it worked.”
Steve laughed under his breath, pulling their blanket over both of them. He pressed a kiss to Tony's hair, and Tony couldn't help the sappy smile that stole its way onto his face when Steve traced ILY into the skin just below Tony's ribs.
Pleasure doing business with you.
"If you say so." Steve gave Tony a lingering kiss, but when Tony leaned up to deepen it he put his knee right in the wet spot on the bed. Tony grimaced.
“Don't jinx it,” Tony said and Steve chuckled, curling his ankle around Tony's.
But Steve would feel even better in the afterglow. And besides, Tony's cock was starting to complain about the lack of action, and he wasn't above being a little selfish here.
Steve didn't need to be told twice. He laid down on top of him, thrilled at the novelty of doing this lying down, in a bed no less, when all of his previous experiences had been –
you, you fucking asshole!” Tony laughed, turning to all of them with a huge grin, waving his hands at himself. “You seeing this? This is the key! Holy fuck, I can't believe we figured it out before Thor came back!”
“Love you too,” Tony said and Bucky rolled his eyes.
“So, what do you do?” Tony asked, throwing an arm over the back of the couch as he turned his body towards Steve a little more, trying to make himself open and approachable. Hopefully put him at ease, for fuck's sake, the guy's posture was making
“Have crafted a well thought out defense, I am sure,” T'Challa said. “What I am wondering is why a man such as you would protect a man like him?”
“Oh.” Tony watched as a tentative smile stretched across Steve's face, and he swore it was like watching the sun rise. Jesus, how did he have it this bad already? “Tony. It suits you.”
“Something I said?” Tony asked with a frown and Steve shook his head, his lips curling up in a small smile.
"Oh." Steve swallowed hard. "Yeah, that would be – yes. Yeah, I can do that."
His stomach dropped.
“I sure hope so. Take care, Tony.”
seemed to go on forever, every muscle in him poised to snap as he waited for that one perfect moment that would tip him over the edge –
"Must've been hard, those first few weeks. Still is, of course, but... I mean, I know what it's like to wake up and lose years." He shook his head. "But that's different. Never woke up knowing exactly what I lost. I don't think I could've taken it."
“M'kay,” Tony mumbled, already drifting off to the feeling of Steve's hand combing through his hair. “Love you.”
Tony followed him all the way back to the front desk where Obie was already waiting, tapping his foot.
Steve could feel a headache throbbing in his temples. “The ones I explicitly told you not to touch?”
LIMITED ACCESS
“But not after – you know.”
“Well, well, well. Would you look at that.”
“Well, I was home before you, so.” Tony pinched Steve's side and Steve chuckled before he pulled back enough to press a soft kiss to Tony's lips. His smile didn't quite reach his eyes when he nodded back at the table. “I thought we might as well have dinner. While we – you know.”
“Let's see what you got there for me, hm?” Tony asked, smiling when Steve gulped as he slid Steve's underwear down to his ankles –
“I did. I'm happy to be home.”
Steve's head snapped up and he felt his skin tingle with heat when he saw Tony wearing that exact same smile, carefree and radiant. He took a deep breath as he brought his hands up to Tony's waist, squeezing him gently.
The BAIL for the release of the aforementioned accused is fixed at USD60,000.00 which may be furnished by the accused either by depositing the amount thereof with the nearest internal revenue or provincial, city or municipal treasurer who should transmit the same to this Court, or by furnishing a personal bail subscribed by two or more solvent sureties. The peace officer making this arrest is hereby authorized to discharge from custody the accused after furnishing the bail in the manner herein above indicated which must be stated in the return thereof.
Steve rolled his eyes. “You know I haven’t met anyone.”
Charles blinked, and Tony could feel Steve's eyes on the side of his face. “Excuse me?”
Holy shit.
She could feel it as she took him to her room, the electricity that crackled between them more and more often these days. Steve hadn't said anything, but she could tell that he was getting a little frustrated with the slow pace that she'd set for them. Honestly Toni was too, but she'd wanted to make sure that Steve knew what he was getting into before they got intimate. Especially since Steve was a virgin.
“Because that's all SHIELD can get
“Uh-huh, uh-huh. And obviously that kept you busy 24/7 for two weeks.”
“No!” Tony shouted when Steve's advance only made the grip on him tighten. “G-urgh
Tony nodded, his stomach tensing a little in anticipation. Steve had said electrical stimulus, and Tony wasn't sure what it was going to feel like –
. I just – I can't.”
Bucky smirked. “Whatever you say, Stark.”
Steve shook his head even as he looked over at the open doorway to his bedroom. He couldn’t see the doll from here but just knowing it was there made entering the room feel almost daunting. “Where do you even dispose of a sex doll?”
damn it -
“Yup.” Tony tugged on Steve's arm, slowly pulling him away from the crowd of vampires that suddenly looked a lot more hostile. “Sorry, but I'm just gonna take my bond mate and get out of your hair. See you neve–“
feel good.
, but Steve grabbed his hips and pulled up, throwing him off balance so he could do nothing but
Tony shook his head, his eyes wide as his hands clenched into fists. “No, this is the spell talking. You can't possibly think that –“
Tony sighed heavily, sinking back down onto the desk. “That's the whole problem, isn't it.”
“Don't mention it,” Tony said, keeping his tone light. “You can choose the restaurant next time, right?”
“Still okay?” Tony asked quietly, and Steve nodded, looking more than a little tense. Well, Tony was going to do his best to change that.
Tony's cock hit his prostate, over and over, and it only took a couple more thrusts –
“Now,” Tony said, the tone of his voice making heat curl at the base of Steve's cock. “You're going to put your dick in that tube so I can make it nice and tight for you. And when you're all set I'm going to stretch you open and fuck you. How does that sound?”
He felt surrounded on all sides, every breath tinged with Steve's scent, his chest dipping in tandem with Steve's as if they were one person. His cock was squished so tightly between them that even this gentle rocking motion felt incredible, Steve's skin catching just right on that spot right under the glans.
“Like what?” Steve said, muffled against his hands.
Steve's eyes were probably wide, but he could barely feel his face as he nodded. “That –“ He swallowed hard. “That sounds good.”
His orgasm blindsided him, building too quickly to even brace for it beyond a yelped warning before he came like a freight train. Steve didn’t let up, every movement pulling another groan from his lips until it was finally over and he slumped down on the bed, his thighs twitching when Steve pulled off him slowly enough to be right on the edge of uncomfortable.
“I missed you too.” Steve sounded about as choked up as he felt and Tony couldn't help but laugh helplessly, his fingers tangling in the hair at Steve's nape.
“Captain America, meet the Iron Legion.”
Mostly because after Tony got turned into a vampire in Afghanistan he'd avoided anything even remotely related to the topic like a plague. By the time curiosity took over it had taken a backseat to being Iron Man. And after flying a nuke into space it just didn't seem like such a big deal anymore.
“I wouldn't blame you. We weren't –“
“We don't have time to debrief. They could already be on the move,” he said and Tony glared at him.
Tony nodded, biting down on a smile. “Sap.”
Steve sighed, closing his eyes for a moment before he looked up at Tony. “I might.”
Thank you so much for sticking with me through this journey and until we meet again I wish you all the best!
“That’s not what it’s about.”
Steve gasped when their cocks slid against each other, suddenly aware of how hard he was, heat coalescing at the base of his spine. Tony's tongue slid sinfully against his own as Tony lifted Steve's hips with one hand, the other traveling down until it was cupping Steve's ass, slowly sliding closer to where he was already spread open due to their position.
But until then – HALLELUJAH IT IS DONE. I’m honestly so proud that I pulled through despite all of this bullshit and I’m really sorry for the long delay. Hopefully you enjoyed this chapter and I’ll see you tomorrow for the last one. Thank you so much for reading and I hope you have a fantastic day!
Tony snorted. “He should pay me for the free show.”
Steve was silent for a long moment, and when he spoke his voice was hoarse. “Okay.”
“I don't care,” Clint snapped, and Tony's eyes turned to pleading.
Steve smiled. “Well. We've been through worse, haven't we?”
“Don't fight it.”
“I do,” he said, the look in his eyes making Tony's heart sing. Then he frowned. “That's not permission for you to keep being reckless in combat.”
“He saved my life when he didn't have to. I know that he can do whatever he puts his mind to and he's dead set on making the Accords the best that they can be. Why wouldn't I trust him?”
The first few seconds were agony, but the burning need inside him overshadowed any discomfort as he kept squirming against the sphere, trying to find the best angle to –
“I –“ Tony jolted, the next hit taking him by surprise so much that he almost lost his balance, but Steve held him tight. “Ah, thirteen! Oh fuck, please –”
When he entered the playroom Steve was already sitting on the bed next to the mounted camera, his hands clasped in his lap and looking severely uncomfortable. His head came up as Tony stepped closer, and Tony watched him do a double take, his jaw going lax as he stared.
Steve's cheeks flushed, but the corners of his lips pulled up in an almost shy smile. Tony quickly realized that he was still shaking Steve's hand, and when he loosened his grip Steve let go almost a little too fast, his hand clenching into a fist at his side. Well then.
“What? No,” Steve said immediately, eyes snapping up to Tony's. He looked just as earnest as ever, and Tony let his shoulders relax a little. “I
It was just enough of a threat that Tony felt his hackles rise. He was about to say something when he felt Pepper's hand brush his and instead took a deep breath, grabbing on gratefully.
“Oh no.” Tony made a choked noise when Steve suddenly grabbed his ass and pulled him forward, shoving his cock back into the pie. “You started this, we're going to finish it.”
“What the hell. I've taken worse gambles.”
Jesus, he was precious. “Of course. I'm all yours.”
“I already have. Twice.”
He wanted to lean over and give Tony a hand, but Tony chose that moment to clench down,
Tony watched the jet land from thirty feet away, walking towards it as soon as it touched down. The hatch had barely opened when Steve came walking down the ramp, shaking hands with a woman clad in red and black. Their eyes met and Tony started running, arms outstretched so he could hold on when Steve immediately picked him up and spun them around in a circle, a broad grin on his face.
“Tony,” Steve said, and Tony looked up right before Steve captured his lips again with an urgency that Tony immediately recognized. He reached down to add his own hand to the mix, grabbing some of the pie debris to push it into the space below Steve's hand, and they both groaned at the added heat of the filling, the gooey slide of it along their sensitive flesh.
. What the hell?”
So. Some of you were wondering if there was going to be a fight at the airport. And here we are. I hope you enjoy it!
Tony hummed, burrowing his head in Steve's chest and scratching his beard across his pecs to make him chuckle. "You son of a bitch, I'm in."
Toni watched his throat bob as he swallowed before he seemed to steel himself, closing his eyes for a second before he looked straight at her.
“Sometimes. It's –“ Steve swallowed hard. “They're less sensitive than my cock after – since the serum. So I have to really – yeah.”
“We can still do that,” Tony said, frowning when Steve shook his head. “No one is trying to tear the team apart, Steve.”
And either way, Steve didn't feel quite ready to go home to a silent house. He'd take any distraction he could get.
Except –
Steve went very still. “That – yes.”
“Please, Steve,” Tony said, his breath hitching in his throat as he clenched down around Steve's cock and sat up to get it even deeper, arching his back as it shifted inside him. “Just –
“Come on, sweetheart,” Steve hummed in his ear, and Tony shivered. “Try harder. For me.”
glad that you do.”
“This is so ridiculous,” Steve mumbled under his breath, and Tony burst out laughing, giving him a fond look.
“You know exactly what you're doing to me.” His voice was a little rough, his eyes a shade too dark when he looked at her. “You need to stay for the speech. We can't –“
"Yeah, you're staying." Tony hid a smile against Steve's neck. "We're gonna be okay. And if you're real good they might even let you back on the team."
Subject: RE: RE: Sokovia Accords
watch my friends be turned into criminals, Steve,” Tony snapped and for a second it looked like Steve wanted to keep arguing but then he sighed, his shoulders sinking.
“Do as he says, no running,” Obie hissed right before the door fell shut between them, and Tony had to follow Dr. Yinsen down the corridor to another room that looked just like the first one, if not for the giant table in the middle of it which was stood on an apparatus that Tony couldn't even try to guess the use of.
the friction felt like nothing he'd ever felt before, sucking at his cock like it was trying to keep him inside. Steve didn't even manage to pull out halfway before he thrust back in on instinct, groaning at the tight heat all around him. His cock was throbbing already, begging for release, and Steve could barely turn his head when Tony made a choked noise. Their eyes met, and Steve's stomach clenched with the same need he could see on Tony's face, his eyes dipping down to look at Tony's cock that was so hard it was standing straight up from his stomach.
"Come on," he said, and Steve clearly pretended not to hear him for a second, licking a circle around his belly button like he didn't have a care in the world. "Steve!"
“You are the hottest fucking thing,” Tony panted against his lips and Steve moaned, pressing his forehead into Tony’s shoulder as he hoisted his hips higher.
Tony came so hard he thought he might
Tony grinned rakishly. “What can I say? He's got a mouth that won't quit.”
He turned around at a tap on his shoulder, coming face to face with Bruce who was giving him a sheepish smile.
Tony rolled his eyes. “I'm safe either way. It's
“Yeah. I think I'd like that.”
Steve shrugged, making an awkward gesture with his hand. “Same way you do, I guess. I just – squeeze harder.”
“Requesting more time would require me
They all turned to Steve who was looking between Toni and Clint like he was watching a tennis match. Toni cleared her throat, raising an eyebrow at Clint.
“You gonna come?” Steve asked hoarsely, and Tony moaned, loud and unashamed, as he forced his head up to look at him. He looked
“Wow,” he said under his breath, and Steve made a small noise, burying his face in Tony's shoulder as his hips jerked against him, the break in rhythm dragging a moan out of Tony. He realized that he was trembling with anticipation, the pressure in his gut building to the point where he thought it would spill over any second, but that feeling of
“Spit in your palm,” she said, and he did what she asked without question, still looking up at her for guidance. Toni wouldn't lie and say that the rush of power wasn't doing it for her. “Coat your fingers. Get them wet.”
“I'm not coming on something that someone baked with their own two hands because they thought we would eat it,” Steve said decisively. “If we're going to waste food like this we're going to make it ourselves.”
“You did say that.” He grabbed Tony's hand and intwined their fingers, right over his heart. “Fair warning, I might fall asleep.”
“Since – Tony, that was four years ago!”
“I can't wait to see what else you like.”
He sucked in a breath, his throat closing up tight before something in him suddenly released and he
Steve nodded, sinking a little deeper into their embrace even though the tension in his body remained. Even from this vantage point Tony could feel all the knots in Steve's back and shoulders, so he set to rubbing them out as well as he could, pressing his fingers into all the spots that he knew would make Steve feel good. Steve groaned under his breath as Tony worked his way down the sides of his neck, traveling back up to scratch at Steve's scalp until he started to relax, slowly but surely turning into putty under Tony's hands, his head resting heavily on Tony's shoulder.
He’d just have to hope that he could stick the landing. Or at least not die trying.
The food looked amazing. It tasted even better and Tony was grateful to have something to do with his hands while his thoughts chased themselves around in circles.
Dear Mr Stark,
Natasha raised an eyebrow. “Since when?”
“I really do love the suit. Thank you.”
“What?” Tony looked over and audibly snapped his mouth shut. “Okay, that's... creepy.” His face turned a little green. “Oh god, I hope it didn't lay eggs in me.”
The UN believes that the implementation of the Sokovia Accords is the most effective way to reinstate the Avengers as a peace-keeping force and to strengthen the bond between our member nations, more of which are expected to sign the Accords in the following days. A press conference will be scheduled at earliest convenience as soon as all relevant signatures have been gathered.
like I fucking want to talk about it?” Tony snapped, rounding on Steve as the pit of anger in his gut reached its boiling point. “Just leave me the fuck alone!”
Steve didn't look up but his shoulders stiffened when Tony sat down next to him. He didn't shrug off the arm Tony put around him which was already more than Tony had expected. For a long moment they just sat in silence.
“I always keep my promises,” Tony said right as he slid a finger inside Steve, all the way to the hilt, and Steve's eyes snapped shut at the stretch, his back bowing as he tried to accommodate the intrusion. “You've done this before.”
I feel like I need to stress this in case some of you haven't read the other installments of the series: These are real life pictures of penises. If you don't want to see that, please skip this chapter or stop reading once they get to the sexting. Please proceed with caution!
He startled when Bucky grabbed his wrist as he was about to put his razor back in the bag. Bucky swallowed hard when Tony gave him a questioning look.
“Good man.” Bucky clapped him on the shoulder. “Now. Wanna see how far I can throw a brick with my new arm?”
“Oh,” he said quietly, and Tony sat up to look him in the eye.
– “You're doing so well for me, sweetheart, just a little more –“
Tony hummed. “Not really.” Ah, fuck it. “Post the blowie if you think it'll help. I trust your judgment.”
“And how often do you request more time?”
"No. Just – listen to me." Tony stepped forward and took the duffle bag from him, throwing it on the bed. "I know running away feels like the easiest solution but it's not. 114 countries have signed these accords now, Bucky. And if you run they'll make us hunt you down, wherever you are. You'll never be able to stop looking over your shoulder and if worst comes to worst it'll be one of us pointing the barrel at you. I won't let you live like that. I can't."
“What does it feel like to fuck a cake?”
Bucky's face twisted into a grimace for a split second before it smoothed out into a blank mask. “The king died, did you hear? Right there on the scene. How do you think his son felt watching that?”
Steve gave a strangled laugh, every muscle in his body pulled tight with anticipation as he watched Tony take him in hand and squeeze.
"No. I don't think I am."
“First of all, it's incredibly rude to approach someone when they're naked. Second of all, could you put that –
“No,” he said on reflex, but even he could hear the wobble in his voice, and Steve just kept looking at him, his eyes remaining utterly calm.
want to. “Okay then. I'll have JARVIS order something.”
“Look, you and Tony, you're always better together. If you can face this as a united front I'm sure it'll be alright.”
Steve raised an eyebrow. “Then what are they for?”
Short summary of Keep Boredom at Bay (warning: spoilers if you're planning on reading it at some point):
It took a long time before Tony felt like he could move again, heaving himself upright until he could shuffle up the bed and flop down on his back next to Steve, staring up at the ceiling. Steve didn't say anything, and so Tony didn't either, just tried to catch his breath as his limbs melted into the mattress and awareness slowly crept back in.
Tony stepped forward, pulling off his shirt with a small smirk. “We should go at the same time, right? Make the most of it?”
Steve bit his lips, his throat locking up tight because he didn't want to tell Tony, it wasn't his fault that Steve couldn't adjust – but Tony deserved the truth.
“Okay,” Rhodey said loudly. “I get it.”
“Definitely,” Tony said in a tone that said 'probably not', and Steve's heart sank unexpectedly. “Take care of yourself – um...”
Tony laughed, his heart pounding when Steve grabbed his hand and interlaced their fingers.
Steve was breathing heavily already, but Toni didn't give him a break, unbuttoning his shirt and pushing it off his shoulders so he was only in his undershirt. They'd gotten this far before, made out with only a thin barrier of fabric between them, but tonight felt special. Toni didn't want it to end there.
Steve looked up at him, but before Tony could decipher the look in his eyes he heard the waiter come over with their pizza boxes.
“Your perception of satyrs may not be entirely wrong,” Tony conceded, and Steve's heart started pounding as he clutched his trousers tighter against his bare thighs. “But contrary to popular belief I do recognize when someone is not interested. I'm not going to try anything with you, don't worry.”
The creature was erect. And quite intimidatingly so.
“It’s a good compromise.” Tony leaned into Steve, grinning when he felt Steve’s lips against his temple. “At least it’ll keep you busy. Can’t risk you getting bored.”
“What?” Bucky glared at him. “Clear my name? You really think it's gonna matter that I didn't kill these people when I have 147 confirmed kills under my belt? And that's just as the Winter Soldier. If they find out I was a sniper in World War Two, then –“
“Come here.” Tony had barely finished saying it before Steve was pushing him onto his back so he could curl his body around Tony's, faintly trembling all over. “Hey, it's okay. Just let it out.”
Bucky swallowed heavily, his eyes darting between Tony's. "So what do you suggest I do?"
He could see his cock
“You're sleeping here and that's final,” Tony said, crawling up onto the bed until he was sitting between Steve's legs, his back pillowed on Steve's chest. “Now hush, we're watching NCIS.”
“You gotta go again, huh?” Tony asked and Steve nodded frantically, lapping at Tony's hole before he moved on to his spine, leaving kisses all the way up to his neck. “What, four rounds not enough for you?”
U.S. Department of State
“There wasn't anyone else,” Tony said, and Steve averted his eyes, biting his lip hard enough that the skin turned white. “I promise. Steve –“
“I'm –” Steve cut himself off with a grunt and Tony held on for dear life as Steve fucked him so hard that he was shaking the bed. “Tony –“
Tony looked over at Bucky who was looking marginally more relaxed than before and grinned. “I think we can handle that, can't we?”
, I came.”
“It's too loud in my head,” Tony finally admitted, his throat scraped raw by the words. He hated feeling weak, but before he could start to regret saying it Steve was there, grounding him with a firm hand on the back of his neck.
Tony closed his eyes as Steve trailed kisses down his stomach, twisting into the touch until Steve breathed directly on his cock and his hips dropped flat on the bed as all air rushed out of him.
Steve nodded, grateful not to have to explain further, and Mr. Stark looked off to the side with a thoughtful frown.
"Ugh. We need a shower."
Steve grumbled something in acknowledgement though he still didn’t look too happy about it. Tony grinned.
WARNING: THERE ARE PICTURES OF ACTUAL DICKS IN THIS CHAPTER!!
, Tony didn't say, choosing instead to walk over and give Steve a quick kiss that turned much less innocent in about two seconds flat. He pulled away to see Steve looking a little dazed, and grabbed his hand with a smile, dragging him out of the room.
“Well, we can't have that, can we.” Tony heard shuffling on Steve's end. He was probably getting comfortable on his couch, and Tony had no trouble imagining the way his shirt would be pulling tight across his chest, his thighs spread to create the perfect space for Tony to sit on. His cheeks felt a little hot as he took a sip of milk. “Four more days tops. We only have clean-up and a bunch of post-mission briefings, and I promised Sam I'd come along to meet his mother over the weekend.”
“It’s okay, Tony. We can –“
“That's exactly what I'm saying. But you'll hear all about that after the trial is over.” A woman in the front raised her hand and Tony nodded at her.
“Your wish is my command, Assmaster,” Tony said with a wink at the camera before he brought the paddle down on his right cheek, making sure that it gave an audible slap. “Ah, one.” He spanked the other cheek, arching his back so he could reach it comfortably. “Two!”
He looked up to find the doll staring up at the ceiling, its eyes unseeing, and suddenly Steve couldn’t do it. This felt way too realistic and too plastic at once, smack dab in the uncanny valley, and it was freaking him out. Steve tossed his spare blanket over the doll as his heart pounded so hard he could feel it in his throat, hiding it from view. He didn’t really have anywhere else to put it, so he kept it where it was as he lay down on the other end of his bed, wrapping his own blanket tightly around his shoulders.
The strange thing was, despite Tony walking up to him when they were both naked – Steve believed that. “Then why did you come talk to me?”
Tony didn't give them time to adjust before he pushed himself up, both of them grunting as Steve's cock slid out of him until only the head remained inside. He lowered himself back down just as slowly, reveling in the tightly controlled tension he could feel in Steve's body as he held himself entirely still.
I'll see you very soon. Goodbye.
saying,” Tony said, relief almost making him feel light-headed until Steve held up a hand.
Steve swallowed hard, settling back down in his chair, his cock rubbing against the fabric. He wanted to touch himself, relieve some of the pressure, but – that wouldn't be right. Would it?
“It does,” Steve said quietly and Tony took a shaky breath, glad that Steve couldn't see his face right now. “But we'll get through this together. I promise.”
Steve really liked soft things.
I love Science Bros. Hope you enjoy this one, thanks for reading!
,” Steve sobbed, his entire body trembling as he wrapped himself around Tony, squeezing his cock between their bodies as if that would help – “Oh god, I
– Even when he felt like he couldn't breathe, like his body was going to burst into flames because he couldn't
He could see the tears threatening to well up in Steve's eyes again but Steve blinked them away, taking a shaky breath. “It's –“ His face crumpled. Tony's heart twinged at the pained wheeze Steve made. “She was still – she was all I had left when –“
Washington, DC 20500
Fuck, he just wanted everything to stop for a while.
“Killed it, as always. As in I can't believe we're not dead yet,” he deadpanned, and she laughed, slinging an arm around his shoulders.
“I haven't even said yes yet,” Tony said haughtily but broke into a grin when Steve pinched him in the side. “Where are you going to take me?”
“I know,” Tony said, standing on his tip toes to press a kiss to Steve’s cheek. “I’m counting on it.”
“You built it for him because you’re buddies.” The general gave him a jovial smile. It didn’t reach his eyes. “Let’s not kid ourselves here. Nepotism isn’t viewed very favorably in a lot of circles.”
Also in love and bonded and yadda yadda yadda, but that wasn’t what made Tony realize just how much Steve loved burying his face in Tony’s extra soft nesting pillows. And his sweaters. And his skin, which – yeah. Could be a little distracting.
It was his. Not Bucky's or Clint's. Steve picked up the letter and read it again, his heart pounding as the full implications of it hit him, sending a frisson of mortification down his spine. His hands clenched into fists, crumpling the letter at the corners as he stared at his own name at the top.
“Tony,” Steve said a little helplessly and Tony grabbed the bottle from him as he sat up, shoving at Steve’s shoulder.
“Let's do a giveaway!” Tony shouted, feeling almost giddy with excitement as he bounced on the couch. “Next stream. Raffle draw. Let's say every ten bucks gets you another piece of paper in the box and at the end we draw lots and whoever wins gets their cock sucked by me. And then we get a picture with a good story that'll probably get tons of exposure! Giveaways always do!”
Because he couldn't stop kissing Tony. Most days they ended the night making out on his couch until they were both red-faced and hard in their pants. And Steve wanted – god, he wanted so desperately to just sink to his knees and take Tony's cock in his mouth, but he couldn't bear the thought of seeing Tony's face when he realized that he couldn't reciprocate. That Steve was so broken that normal sex was impossible with him. He didn't want Tony to be disappointed.
“Yeah, you know.” Tony shrugged. “I guess they don't like vamps running around without a council leash. To which I say thanks but no thanks.”
Tony slumped in defeat, pulling away to wipe a hand across his face. “It’s nothing. I… There was a general and he said some shit. That’s all.”
“You didn’t pay anything for the doll!” Steve shouted, his hand clenching the phone so hard it was shaking. “You signed me up as a fucking test subject, and now they invited me to an interview, and it's all your –“
“Do you feel any lingering stress?” Steve asked, and Tony rolled his shoulders, surprised to find that any tension he'd had before was just – gone. His muscles were a little rubbery, like they'd been sapped of their strength, but even that felt good when coupled with the feeling of the pleasant buzz under his skin that made his body soft and his vision hazy. He almost felt a little drunk.
NEW YORK CITY;
Steve snorted. “Get it yourself.”
Steve's eyes were dark even as he grinned at him. "You like it," he stated rather than asked and Tony couldn't stop himself from pulling him into another kiss, freezing when he heard someone clear their throat.
"Why do I feel like you built me something?" Steve asked with a laugh on his lips, bumping Tony's hips with his own, and Tony grinned as he pulled him into the workshop.
”Thank
Tony chuckled. “You should have though. I think you did on some level at least.”
Steve hung his head, letting go of his cock with a defeated nod. He could feel tears prickling behind his eyes.
CLASSIFIED//FOUO
, the suction of his mouth moving up and down that was compressing his skin and oh
Which meant they talked. A lot.
Tony was struck silent for a moment before he turned away, busying his hands with the blowtorch he'd left on the table. “Fine.”
T. Ross
"I think I'll shave it anyway. It's a fun change though." Tony made a forlorn noise and Steve laughed, twisting his head for another kiss. "Maybe I'll keep it for a couple more days."
Tony laughed harshly, shrugging off Steve’s grip. “Nothing. I’m fine.”
He wasn't sure how exactly they made it to their bedroom after that, only that the feeling of Steve's mouth on his made his head spin so much that he barely knew up from down anymore. His brain only came back online when Steve pushed him backwards onto the bed, already pulling his shirt over his head. Tony took a moment to ogle Steve's bare chest before he followed suit, tearing off his clothes just in time for Steve to lean over him, pushing Tony's legs apart to bring them together, skin to skin.
Steve's eyes went dark and Tony felt a sliver of excitement run down his spine when Steve's lips tilted up in a grin that was still ripe with satisfaction from their previous round. "I wouldn't expect anything less."
“If Steve was my bond mate he'd be mine, right?” he asked, his fingers clenching on Steve's waist. “No one else could feed on him?”
“Shh,” Tony said quietly, kissing the side of Steve's neck. “I'm a lot bigger than you're used to, sweetheart. Let me make sure you're ready for me.”
Steve shook his head even though Tony couldn't see it and after a moment of silence Tony sighed over the line.
Tony sighed, shuffling his feet as Clint took an unnecessarily loud bite of his apple. “We do. I've just never stayed the night.”
For a second Steve was so overcome with affection that he barely reined in his impulse to kiss Tony stupid. Then he did it anyway.
, rewarding him with a moan that sent shivers down Tony's spine.
*slides in like an estranged family member* Heeeey... remember me?
“I didn't mean it as criticism. I'm just saying you're used to it so you're not going to lose control.”
“So that didn't work.”
0024601
Steve blinked, looking down at his fingers. “Should I –“
“Are you complaining?” Steve asked with a raised eyebrow, and Tony chuckled, shaking his head.
that Tony felt tears prickling behind his eyes.
And Tony came with a shout, clinging to Steve like he'd die if he let go, his chest aching in the most beautiful way as Steve kept pounding into him, chasing his own orgasm now. It didn't take long for Steve to follow him over the edge, and Tony jolted when Steve put his mouth on his chest as he came, pressing a deep-chested groan right underneath the arc reactor.
Judge
Tony's back arched as Steve's thumb rolled over his nipple, circling the little nub before he set his fingers and
Steve nodded, his arms squeezing Tony as he rolled them over just the tiniest bit, slotting their legs together and – oh.
“You want to be inside me?” Tony whispered and Steve tensed in his arms.
“Come on, big guy,” he said, feeling Steve's arms quiver around his waist. “Give it to me.”
“Jesus fuck!” Tony startled so badly that he fumbled the phone and Steve caught it on reflex, only getting a glimpse at what looked like arrow schematics before Tony ripped it out of his hands and hugged it to his chest. “I'm busy!”
“Okay,” Steve choked out and Tony chuckled, his hand just barely ghosting over where Steve was already straining in his pants.
Steve gasped when Tony suddenly nipped him with his teeth, probably a little harder than intended because Steve felt a bolt of heat zing down his spine –
"Thanks, Sam," Tony shouted after him, waving with a huge grin as Sam left the room. As soon as he was gone Steve groaned, putting Tony down so he could rub at his face. Tony laughed when he saw how red his cheeks were. "It's alright, honey. He's seen much worse."
“Keep going,” Steve gasped, his hips twitching forward of their own accord, and his eyes slammed shut at the pressure on his sensitive –
"I'm really hard," Steve mumbled into his hands, and Tony's eyes snapped down to confirm that, yes, Steve was pitching a pretty impressive tent. He licked his lips.
As a result he'd been less than enthusiastic about the process of finding hot guys to suck off for OnlyFans pictures, if only because he'd already gone through pretty much everyone in close vicinity that had a halfway decent cock. But it wasn't as if he could just randomly pull some dude off the street and expect them to be enthusiastic about meeting him, let alone having their cock posted on –
Steve listened to the beep after Tony hung up for several seconds before he put the phone down, his stomach churning with something not quite pleasant. He hated not knowing what was going on.
“You said,” Tony gasped out through his tears, leaning into Steve's touch when gentle hands wiped the moisture off his cheeks. “I want to suck you. Let me, Steve, please.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “It’s not magic. They use the same tech as VR, but they’ve perfected the sensory input so it’s –“
“What are you going to do to me?” he asked quietly, and Tony smiled.
now – “Yeah. I, uh. I've wanted to. For a while now.”
He focussed on taking deep breaths until he regained some semblance of control before he opened his eyes to meet Steve's, feeling like his limbs were filled with lead.
Tony raised his hands. "You want to run away? Fine. Do it after I've said my piece."
“That was nice,” he sighed, and Steve groaned, his hips jerking as he came again with a shuddering moan. Tony chuckled. “Guess it's
“I missed you.”
Call to Action
“Wouldn't dream of it,” Tony said innocently and grinned when Steve swatted at him. “Hey. Spousal abuse.”
“Are you sure?” Steve asked with a tiny, worried frown creasing his forehead. “I’ll probably rut. If I’m off suppressants –“
SHIELD usually enforced this rule on all first time contractors during the first two years of their employment, with a little more leeway once they'd passed that trial period. For Steve it had been different, what with them immediately making him captain of his own team, which meant his contract stated that he was obligated to take suppressant for his first
Tony smiled as he stepped around Steve onto Steve's floor, never breaking eye contact. “Can't say no to that. I live and breathe coffee.”
And shied back when he realized he wasn't alone.
“Really?” Tony couldn't quite keep the surprise out of his voice, and Steve hummed.
Tony could hear the snappish undertone in his own voice, but Dr. Yinsen didn't seem affected, his hand a blur as he wrote something in his notebook, nodding along to Tony's words.
“Lots of practice.” Steve nodded decisively. “I’ll put it on your schedule.”
Steve groaned but trailed off into a laugh that brought a smirk to Tony's lips. “I don't like you just for your ass, Tony.”
,” Toni whined, grabbing a pillow to hug to her chest. “Have you seen him? He's like, eternally young and shit. And even if I could, he's not gonna want an elderly woman.”
There was a long moment where Tony waited with bated breath for Steve to say something.
“Anything else though? Maybe something that didn't feel good before the serum?”
“I see.” Dr. Yinsen gave Tony a long look before he stood up and gestured towards the door with a bland smile at Obie. “If you would, Mr. Stane. I need to speak to the patient alone.”
“I'm coming with you,” Tony said with a hint of a challenge, taking a step forward. “On one condition.”
Tony's eyes went wide before they narrowed in suspicion. “Okay, I know this is hard for you to grasp right now, but those feelings aren't –“
to do anything.”
"Probably because you have more than two braincells."
.” Steve could feel his hand fumbling between them as Tony tugged open his own belt, pulling out his cock. “Fuck, come on –“
“I really want to see the dog bed.”
It felt dull. Steve had known that he needed more pressure there than anywhere else, but he'd never thought that – even with all of Tony's strength... oh God, this was a nightmare.
Tonight's Tony was done.
“Thank
Steve pressed a kiss to where he thought his temple was and landed on his ear. Close enough. “You know I do.”
Tony blinked. Then he laughed, so hard his stomach cramped with it, and Steve joined him halfway through until they were leaning on each other for support, holding each other up.
"We should probably -" Steve hissed when Tony sank down another few inches so he could grind directly against Steve's cock. "Fuck. Bedroom."
about it.”
“Okay.” Steve twitched, eyes going wide when Tony squeezed his arm so hard that he could see his hand shake, so hard it would probably hurt anyone else. “How about now?”
“I do,” Tony sobbed, and Steve gave his ass a gentle squeeze.
Tony felt his lips curl into a smirk as he leaned onto the table, tucking his hands under his chin. “You want me to tell you all about it? The nights were pretty cold, you know.”
Steve was probably way too far gone for any sort of foreplay already, so Tony grabbed his cock firmly, stroking it right away. The slide was made smooth by how wet Steve already was, practically dripping with pre-come, and Tony bit his lower lip when Steve made a downright desperate noise, fucking up into Tony's fist like he was seconds away from coming.
“Okay. Let's do this.”
Tony sighed, rolling his eyes at the ceiling. “It's like a conglomerate of all New York vampires. They want me to join their secret boy band.”
“Calm down, the trial hasn't even started,” Tony said absentmindedly, typing out his most recent email to Ross with a little more force than necessary. “He's gonna be on my ass all day if I don't –“
“This doesn't feel right,” he hissed. “We should go.”
“It lives! Dude, you still owe me a bag of chips. Where’s my loot?”
Steve kissed him to sleep anyway.
Steve stepped up to the table, taking a deep breath before he grabbed his cock to line it up and push into the tube. It was a little tricky to find the opening since it was so small, but once he managed it he slid in with one push, the lube easing the way.
“Tony, why are you texting in here?” Pepper hissed, glancing around the court room. “Put down your phone.”
Bucky chuckled and Tony couldn't help but return his grin when it came.
“How?” Toni asked, unable to keep the note of desperation out of her voice. “You can't possibly – you don't know what you're asking, okay? I'm at a completely different stage of my life, and sooner or later –“
“It’s me and Clint, are you really that surprised?”
“Totally.” Tony ran a hand through his hair as the elevator stopped on Steve's floor. “Not gonna lie, I was a little worried that it would be too spicy, but Pepper said you liked the Ganguo she brought you that one time and –“
“I'll put you over my knee,” Steve said evenly, and Tony's stomach lurched with excitement and apprehension alike. “And I'll give you twenty. Then you're going to suck me off, and if you're good I'll let you come. Do you understand?”
Attached:
“I'm fine. But thanks.” Steve had his hands clenched in his lap, his eyes anywhere but on Tony. It seemed like his earlier confidence had abandoned him now that they were sitting right next to each other. Damn it, Tony should've invited him to a restaurant or something instead, keep a bit more of a barrier between them.
That’s what he got for being a creep.
"I didn't mean stop," Tony said, grabbing Steve's face in both hands to pull him closer, but Steve huffed out a laugh and reached up to grab both of Tony's hands in his.
Tony signed off, putting his phone down next to him as he ignored Pepper's eyes boring into the side of his face.
"So the doll helped you cope with the bad days? Is that what you're saying?"
Tony swallowed heavily, rubbing stray hairs off his scissors. "I'm not the one who found him, Buck."
"Holy shit," Tony breathed and Steve couldn't help but laugh, feeling a little high on adrenaline. "You're really gonna make an honest man out of me, huh."
He wasn't really thinking of anything anymore, just enjoying his own touch as his hips slowly started canting up into his fist, pushing his cock through the circle of his fingers. It felt really good, and Steve's thoughts started to drift to his usual fantasies, imagining a pretty face looking up at him from between his legs, with long, dark hair that framed the soft lips rubbing over his cock.
Steve let out a harsh breath before shaking his head. “We need lube –“
“What, am I not allowed to not want to get with alphas?”
“Nice night, hm?” she said mildly, and he nodded, pulling her a little closer.
Tony was the one who recovered first, stretching his arms out behind Steve's back before he gently pushed him back so he could rest his head on his chest without jostling the knot still holding them together.
Tony looked at him for a long moment before he pressed a kiss to Steve's cheek and let go of his cock, guiding him forward with a hand on the small of his back. “You're adorable. Go on, put it in.”
Steve wasn't sure he could. It already felt perfect, his cock nestled snugly inside the tube that was warming up slowly, adjusting to his body heat. But he nodded, bracing himself before he started pulling out –
“So it actually
“That's my job, Tony. Look, if he was an asshole we won't post it, alright? But I need
He glanced at Tony out of the corner of his eye, his heart pounding as he tried to gauge the reaction to what he'd just said, but Tony wasn't even looking at him, instead fiddling with something on his phone.
I couldn't resist bringing them back. Man, it's been way too long since we had this group chat. Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy it!
“Alright. It's been real, guys, hate to leave so soon, but I really do have a –“
He couldn't look at Steve. Now that the haze was – well, not
“Tony –“
Steve couldn't tell him. This was already mortifying enough, he couldn't tell the very man who this doll was modeled after that he was cuddling it every night, for fuck's sake –
“Yes, of co–
Steve moaned involuntarily when Tony
“Mr Stark.”
“No, it's – shit,” Steve sighed, running a hand through his hair. “It's not you. I just – I'm not used to –“
He knew in that moment that he loved him, that he wanted to be with him in every way, and to his surprise he still didn’t manage to say it first. So Tony retaliated by asking Steve to move in with him, not surprised when Steve took him up on it with an enthusiastic yes.
Steve stared up at the gigantic, intimidating skyscraper in front of him, wondering how exactly this stainless-steel-and-glass building translated to seedy-sex-toy-factory. He looked back at the letter to double check the address, but yeah, this was the place. Not quite the outback warehouse he'd expected, but considering the quality of the doll he probably should've guessed that it was a high-class establishment.
Steve shivered, taking a deep breath before he grabbed the back of her neck in a loose hold, gently pulling her closer. Toni followed his lead, letting her eyes slip shut when she felt his breath on her lips, and a second later his mouth was on hers, soft and tentative. She hummed, reaching up to tilt his head just so, and Steve made a small noise when their lips slotted together, gently, just the soft pressure of skin on skin.
“Hate to spoil your fun but the therapists who work with the Avengers aren't actually employed by –“
, why were they not
Steve smiled, grabbing one of the popcorn bowls as he settled in for a night of mindless fun. Bucky poked him in the side just as the movie started, leaning closer so Clint wouldn’t hear. “Hey, if you want to talk about it, I’m here, okay? Just saying.”
his lower lip, dragging it between his teeth and rubbing back and forth. That bright spot of sensation where everything else had been foggy and dull made his blood sing with pleasure, a squirming heat building low in his gut.
God, Steve wanted to sink into the floor. “I don’t know.”
"Hi," Steve eventually mumbled and Tony laughed, happiness bubbling up in his chest until he felt warm inside and out.
Steve was getting hard. He could tell that Tony knew it too because Tony shifted in his lap so they were pressed closer together, his ass planted firmly on Steve's cock. Even muffled as the sensation was he could feel Tony's erection pushing up against his stomach where they were rubbing against each other now, and Steve wanted to cry because he
“James, take them to the suite. They're going to need it.”
Oh my god you guys, the incredible Hemmi actually took the time to draw the scene where Tony sees the video. I laughed so hard looking at it and she was gracious enough to let me put it in the fic, so here it is, for all of your viewing pleasure:
Steve hummed. “Of course not. I heard that when Captain America breaks a promise somewhere a puppy dies.”
“Yeah, um. Nat,” she said quietly, and Natasha waved a hand towards Vision, not batting an eyelid. Vision pointed at Bruce who gave Steve a sheepish smile, and Steve put his hands on his hips as he nodded.
“No, it's okay.” He glanced back towards the studio doors. “Who was that back there?”
Steve had his phone at his ear before he even knew what he was doing, stomping around his apartment in a tight circle as he waited for Bucky to pick up.
“I can't,” Steve gasped. “I'll –“
Steve looked at him for a long moment before he wiped a hand across his chin and sighed. “We never did talk about why you signed the Accords.”
you, Tony, please –“
“Oh, you know...” Steve waved at the waitress who smiled and held up two fingers, heading to the kitchen as soon as Steve nodded. “I missed the nice weather.”
Steve smiled tentatively. "Okay. I love you."
Maybe Natasha had a point.
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
"Take your time." Yeah, Steve was definitely laughing at him now, and Tony couldn't even fault him for it. "If it really bothers you I can shave it off ri-"
Tony looked around the room, noting that there was a giant, lush bed and a table filled with water and chocolate for some reason. “Come on. Let's get you horizontal.”
Tony wrapped his arms even tighter around Steve, purring under his breath when Steve started stroking his hair. Whatever was going to happen, they'd make it through to the other side together.
“I won't,” Tony said quickly, but Steve talked right over him.
Clint grimaced. “Yeah, sorry. No time.”
Bucky exchanged a meaningful glance with Clint before he snorted. “Why did you jump straight to kidnapping? Maybe we bought you a giant teddy bear.”
They both groaned when Steve bottomed out in one push, his forehead pressed against Tony's shoulder as they just breathed together for a couple of seconds, trying to regain their equilibrium. Tony wound his fingers into Steve's hair, gently pulling him up into another kiss, his spine tingling when he tasted the sweet tang of his own milk in Steve's mouth, his hips hitching up into Steve's.
Steve had to take a moment to just stare because, shit, Tony with his legs spread like that, just for him – He shook his head, sliding two fingers inside in one go, and Tony huffed out a surprised gasp.
“Wow,” Steve breathed and it was so goddamn earnest that Tony broke out laughing, hiding his face in the crook of Steve’s neck.
, squeezing the tube and Steve's cock all at once, and oh
“I missed you today,” Steve murmured and Tony hummed, tilting his head back when Steve's nose pressed against the side of his neck, lips just barely grazing his skin. He smiled when he felt Steve's hands travel down to his hips, squeezing his sides on the way. “Kept getting distracted.”
“What does it feel like?”
He pulled it open with a snap, his grin widening as he read, “The_Captain! Congratulations!” Fireworks appeared on screen as Pepper did her modding magic, and Tony danced around for a bit to whatever music she had chosen for this before he waved at the camera. “I'll get in touch with you in a bit, Captain! The rest of you, thanks so much for your donations and I'll see you next stream! Bye!”
Steve glanced up at the map on the side of the car. Five stations. He could do five stations, no problem.
“It's
“So what happened?” Fury interrupted loudly, giving Bruce a stern glare. “Was it an untested pathogen? Is it contained?”
And with a cock like Steve's he
“I've been in love with you for more than five years!”
Maybe he should just try it once.
For a second Bucky looked like Wanda had just slapped him in the mouth. Then he blinked once, twice, before grabbing her hand and shaking it with a solemn look in his eyes. “Thank you.”
He took a deep breath that emerged as a satisfied sigh as he sunk into the sheets, pressing his forehead into Steve's chest when he pulled Tony on top of him, wrapping him up in his arms. Tony twitched when Steve squeezed him, groaning when the motion put pressure on his oversensitive cock.
“Hey, get me a beer?”
, I thought about fucking you too,” Steve chuckled, looking equally aroused and abashed as he stroked his hands over Tony's thighs. “Your legs wrapped around me... your weight in my arms...”
"Steve," Tony croaked, and Steve cursed, looking up at Tony with a desperate look in his eyes. He was so goddamn beautiful, his mouth swollen and chin wet, and Tony sat up as well as he could, reaching down to slide his hands through his hair. "C'mere, I wanna..."
This time Bucky turned to look at him, his eyes boring into Tony's. "Weren't you?"
under her breath, but he was far too busy watching Steve's muscles work as he walked up to them to care. Steve plopped down on the couch next to him with a sigh, his arm wrapping around Tony's shoulders as he pressed a chaste kiss against his cheek.
“I know,” Tony said with a smug grin as Steve turned the package to get a better look. “It's exactly what it looks like.”
That immediately froze on his face.
didn't have to fake it.
“What about breakfast?”
When they parted Tony didn't go far, his lips still brushing Steve's with every word as he spoke. “Was this what you imagined? When you were...”
Steve Rogers was a brat.
“You want to know what
He grumbled under his breath, turning onto his side as he pulled at the blanket, trying to drag it back up from where it had obviously slipped throughout the night –
Tony yelped when a sharp pain made him jump –
Steve wanted to see him again.
“Last hangar on the left,” Sam said, leading them out onto the tarmac. “Should be a jet prepared for us there.”
Steve had a feeling that he'd just started his greatest adventure yet.
“Yeah,” Steve said with no small amount of relief, and Tony watched as some of the tension drained out of his shoulders. It was a very good look on him. “Pizza sounds – Yeah, that'd be great.”
Best regards,
“You knew that already,” he said with a cheeky wink, and Steve couldn't not kiss him, his hands sliding down Tony's back to grab his bare ass, and Tony moaned, the sound sending shivers down Steve's spine. Tony jumped up to wrap his legs around him, and Steve didn't waste a second to get them horizontal on the bed, never breaking the kiss until he was pressing Tony back against the mattress.
“Whoa, hey, no, what?
“Get your hand off my ass.”
He looked at his phone to check the time. If he wasn't mistaken the Captain should show up in about –
overcome him, love and joy and relief all tangled up into one messy gut punch that made him bite back a sob even as his cock throbbed for release.
“Of course. You're
“Get outta that stall! Right now!”
“No. More like every vampire in New York that's not part of the council is considered rogue.”
“What the –“ Steve gasped and Bruce cleared his throat behind him.
Hello everyone! I’m back after a long ass time to give you the next chapter of this fic. I’ll explain a bit more about my absence in the end notes but first I hope you enjoy this chapter and I’ll see you tomorrow for the grand finale! :)
"Tony? What's going on?"
"I really do love the beard," he said after a long moment and Steve smiled, tracing Tony's goatee with two fingers.
need a shower,” Steve corrected him, standing up from the couch and holding out his hand. Tony raised an eyebrow.
Steve blinked a few times before he closed his eyes and really thought about it. What Tony was offering him was a once in a lifetime opportunity. Steve had only had a few experiences here and there, even been fucked by a man before, but none of them had been anything to write home about. There was no doubt in his mind that with Tony it would be
Steve groaned, muscles tightening as he tilted his hips up for better leverage, and Tony traced his free hand over his pecs, making them jump under his touch.
“Okay.” Tony rubbed his hands over his thighs as he stood up, and Steve scrambled to his feet after him, his chin held high even though he looked – well, terrified was probably a good word for it.
“So,” Mr. Stark said with an easy grin. “Did you like the doll? Please, spare me no details.”
Tony loosened his grip as Steve turned in his arms, pulling Tony into a hug before he stepped back into the spray. The water was just right, so Tony tilted his head back and let it rain down onto his face, washing away the sweat that had built up on his forehead. He startled, but quickly relaxed when he felt Steve's hands in his hair, lathering it with shampoo as Tony sagged against his chest.
“It's not?” Steve's voice sounded small even to his own ears and Tony's eyes flashed as his grip tightened even more.
Tiny, padded cells and straitjackets aren't the worst of it though. Our sources inform us that this prison – referred to by inside workers as “The Raft” – is located several miles off the coast of any accessible land or island. Meaning that it falls under no government's jurisdiction and was supposedly meant to operate strictly under its own rules and regulations. We shudder to think of what kind of fate might have befallen those unlucky enough to be imprisoned there.
Steve kneaded the cheeks for a second before he pulled them apart and saw the tiniest opening in the silicone. It looked barely big enough to fit his cock.
Tony was lying with his head pillowed on Steve's chest when he first picked up on it, a faint scent that tickled his nose and seemed to light up some foreign part in his brain. He immediately recognized it for what it was.
“What kinds of shit?” Steve asked calmly, and Tony grimaced, looking off to the side.
“Yes,” Steve said hoarsely, his fingers clenching when Tony started cranking, slowly but surely adding more pressure. It took a moment before Steve really felt it, but when he did he sucked in a breath, wishing that Tony could've cranked both of them at once, really made it tight. But all in due time.
Bucky's shoulders stiffened before he took a deep breath and consciously relaxed. "Well, you found me." He shouldered his bag as he turned to face Tony with an unreadable expression. "Move."
“I don't care what you say, no more vodka for you, young lady,” Toni said with a wag of her finger that Natasha only laughed at as the group walked off. She turned towards Steve who gave her a shy smile that absolutely didn't make her stomach swoop. No Sir. “Okay. Follow me, I know a place.”
Tony planted his feet on the bed for better leverage, and Steve adjusted his grip, slipping it up just a tiny bit –
Did I scare some of you? ;) Haha I hope you enjoy this one <3
“It's different because Tony is in it.”
“I can't wait to have that in my mouth,” he said instead, more honest than he'd meant to let slip, and Steve snorted out a laugh that thankfully sounded more relieved than nervous.
“I feel like I have six months of backlogged words, but I have no idea what to say.”
Steve could feel sweat beading on the back of his neck by the time they reached the next station. The doors closed as quickly as they'd opened, nobody going in or out, and Steve breathed a sigh of relief because the next stop would be –
Find attached a copy of the Accords signed by James Barnes. We will continue to take steps to secure the remaining signatures. This may require more time than originally expected, now that we are confronted with the existing conditions. I am sure you understand.
For a second it almost felt like he was standing on the edge of a cliff, watching his foot hover over the abyss.
“Yeah, of course.” Tony grinned at her. “We made ten grand tonight. Why wouldn't I be?”
“Why my bedroom?” he asked faintly, but Bucky was already hauling the package down the hallway. He probably didn’t want to know.
Steve huffed. “No, really, it – it's okay. If you do that. I want you to.”
Steve's breathing slowly evened out as they lay together, his hands tracing circles into Tony's back. Tony had his eyes closed, just enjoying the feeling of Steve's body against his as he drifted dangerously close to sleep. Fuck, he felt like he hadn't slept properly since Steve left.
“Stop antagonizing him,” Steve sighed, his lips twitching into a smile when Tony's hand slipped down to intertwine their fingers. “He has high blood pressure.”
The comments were blowing up with excitement, and Tony took his time crawling towards the camera, sitting down and leaning back on his arms to best showcase the harness he was still wearing.
“And you are?”
- Tony actually manages to find Bucky later, but doesn't tell Steve about it because Bucky asks him not to. He tries to break Bucky's conditioning with BARF therapy but is fairly unsuccessful, to the point where he needs to bring Bucky to the Compound to get help. Which means Steve finds out what Tony has been hiding. There is angsty angst, but in the end they reconcile. Tony moves back to the Compound and rejoins the team, along with Clint and Bruce (who is not off-world but remains on earth after his Hulk-out).
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come here.”
“I want to,” Steve said, trying to catch his eyes, and Tony wanted to tell him not to touch, that it was inappropriate –
Pepper gave her a long look. “You know that it's okay if you want him, right? Fourteen years is a big age gap, but you're both grown ups who can make their own decisions.”
“My real name. It's Tony.” Tony probably should be panicking at least a little that he'd just let that slip, but in this moment it felt like exactly the right thing to so. Like this was what had bothered him all night. “You should probably know that if – you know. We do see each other. Again. Without –“ He waved a hand at their surroundings. “All this.”
He could see the way Tony's shoulders slumped with relief before he straightened up and nodded at the rest of the team. “Well? Chop chop, hawkass.”
“If you could just sign this form stating that you are aware that your evaluation of our product will be used for further research and development at our company, we can commence with the interview. Don't worry, all of your answers will be stored anonymously. We won't keep your personal data without your express permission.”
Tony chuckled, leaning his head against Steve's chest, and Steve flushed with pride at the show of trust when Tony said, “Alright. You're the boss.”
And Steve shouted, fucking up into him with a jerky thrust as he writhed against the pillows, his thighs trembling so hard Tony could feel it against his ass. He dropped hard onto the mattress when he was done, his chest heaving as Tony stared at him unblinkingly, his mouth suddenly dry.
And orgasm crashed into Steve like a freight train, punching the air out of him as he curled in on himself, his knees buckling underneath him. It was only Tony's grip on his waist that kept him upright as his cock spurted inside the tube, adding to the mess already in there while Steve tried his hardest just to stay conscious, his vision whitening out.
Steve leaned down, just the gentlest of touches to soft lips.
“You're not supposed to be here,” whispered the child. “You're not supposed to see...”
“Spiderman down,” came the text.
“You're not wearing a dress...are you?” He wasn't sure if the image in his head amused him, or turned him on. Tony would find a way to pull it off...
~The Mages can barely understand you. Do you really think anyone normal could trust you, Monster?~
“No, you don't,” said Ramuh. “It takes time to learn, and you need not carry a crystal if you do not wish to learn. But, it concerns me, what has happened, that this world was breached in such a fashion. I fear there is a darkness looming above us, and we are not fully aware of it yet. I encourage you to seek out my brethren, if possible. Learn from them. You may need our help more than you realize.”
“But you didn't,” said Natasha.
“Then I suppose you should just label many people as freaks, myself included,” said Steve, finding it difficult to keep his voice level, and even then, he growled just a little.
“The same, Lady Vivienne,” replied Tony, grinning. Apparently, Vivienne had talked with Steve before.
The three girls stuck their tongue out.
The three girls shared a look, while the others watched.
Tony wished he could spend several good hours, taking the computers apart, studying them and collecting data. He could feel the magic laced in it, along with the electronics.
He couldn't agree more.
Steve shared Tony's confusion.
(See the end of the chapter for
Misunderstandings arise, Vivienne has a talk with Tony, and a few things are discussed
“See? Nickname. You need one, too.”
“Sure,” said Tony, standing up and stretching. “But we're still alive, so it could be worse.”
“Probably eventually,” said Steve.
Bull's eyebrow rose, his lips tilting upwards just a little. “Oh, you can, can you?”
Tony did not rise, and Steve moved.
They all got up, changing into casual clothes, a few weapons here and there, since they didn't know who they faced.
Steve threw a rock into the stream, watching the ripples disappear quickly.
Cackling echoed through the speakers in the tower.
Tony felt eyes upon him, small, yellow, curious, not attacking yet, but definitely not friendly. Shadows, dancing in the corner of the eyes, waiting...
“We could always choose a specialty,” said Bruce “One guardian per person.”
“Pepper,” he mumbled.
“Where were you born, anyway?” Tony finally asked.
The look Steve gave him was filled with hunger and longing, before he made his way above to take Clint out.
Natasha squeezed Tony's knee again when he opened his mouth. He snapped his mouth shut.
“I can try.”
“Not the water!” he cried, even as they carried him.
Steve finally opened his eyes fully at the normal time he woke, groggy from everything. Natasha lay curled with the girls, her eyes open.
And that was truly when their lives began.
For a split second, Tony thought it a dream.
“The letter we received asked for you by name. Specifically, it asked for Tony and Natasha.”
He knew those eyes that glared at him, whiskey brown seared in his mind, but the rest of him was changed. It looked as if the arc reactor spread through him, his limbs a shining blue, his hair and fur a darker blue. The arc reactor still shown on his chest, but now, it melded with his skin seamlessly, no visable metal, no scars.
“I thought I'd find you here,” said Natasha, sitting beside him, as they watched the stream idly meander.
“No coffee,” came the mumble.
Steve made a move to touch him, but stopped himself. He didn't know what Tony wanted. He was almost terrified of Namine's powers.
“Can you trace him?”
It's never so simple...
“Family should stick together,” said Dagna, crossing her arms.
“Maybe just a hint of boredom wouldn't be too bad,” said Natasha, smirking.
Tony sat on the floor with his back to the window in darkness, the moonlight shining down on him. Steve slowly walked in, and only paused for a moment when Natasha squeezed his arm hard. She tilted her head, indicating the shards of glass on the ground.
Tony's eyes filled with tears. Everything felt like a whirlwind lately, but somehow, he finally realized he had a small family. He didn't know where they were right now, but he hoped that they were safe.
In the last year of Meredith's reign, they made Anthony Tranquil. Natasha had then cried, with all the snot and breathless gasps, holding the blank slate that had been her brother.
Tony lifted his hand. “Stop, Kairi. I agreed with Steve, because you are too young. I didn't say you won't be trained.”
And maybe he wasn't quite as successful as he wanted to be. Well, at least Natasha smiled a bit at him instead of threatening him like earlier...
Behind her, creatures that blended into the background danced, approaching them quickly.
“Somewhere, there's a world that has fruit shaped like a star, and if you share that fruit with those you love, you'll never be parted. No matter what. Our Tony told us that story and the Wayfinders.”
“If they're going to live here, they're going to hear  a lot worse,” replied Bucky, grinning.
“Steve? Natasha? Vision, I get, but why you two?”
And then it did come. Natasha didn't think twice. When she watched his eyes widen, when the tears began to trickle down his cheeks, that's when she cried again, because she knew that she had her brother back, her egotistical, sarcastic, genius brother. They were both nearly hysterical, years of pain and traveling, fighting and broken paths, lost hopes, catching up within seconds of realization. She knew some people watched them, that anyone could stick a knife in their back. Only whispers and the sniffles of a few others surrounded them.
“What if we don't?”
It was easy to find their way to the Undercroft, mostly because people were very forthcoming in information. It threw Natasha off. In Kirkwall, they had been street urchins. True, Tony was brilliant, even when thrown into the jail known as the circle, and she had a knack for fighting, but to trust so easily?
“Did everyone know about this except me?”
She spun towards Axel, raising her finger and pointing at him. “You were supposed to inform me when you came here, not sneak around behind our backs! I'm the leader, and you report to me.”
Steve licked his lips, the bastard.
“I would like to discuss matters further with you,” said Vivienne. “Perhaps we may debate some of the issues at hand. Also, since you are now part of the Inquisition, I wish to recommend a few tailors. Your clothes, though practical, are atrocious.”
“It is, kinda,” said Clint. “I mean, exploration, fighting, survival, horror type of way...”
Above, Phoenix took to the air...
“Tony,” said Steve, softly, warningly, placing a hand on his back. The words sent a shiver through Tony. Steve licked his lips.
It was completely unreasonable. Steve knew it, and yet, he could not let it go, that one piece that sang of Tony.
“You're wrong,” said Bucky. “I know for a fact you saved at least one little girl, if not other bystanders. She told me, said that the 'pretty person with the pretty eyes' saved her.”
“Self righteous prick,” said Rhodey.
~A light that never goes out~
“So this is the Afterlife?” he rasped.
Tony didn't feel ready for this. True, the armor itself was complete, after he, Dagna, and Harritt ditched the heavier pair, and decided to make a lighter version. The armor used plate for vital areas, chain to connect everything together, colored in reds and golds. But he still couldn't quite get the hang of the boots yet, flying into walls and ceilings.
“James Barnes,” repeated Natasha.
“I really do sound like a young, idealistic child, don't I?”
“Nope,” replied Steve. “You rely on the suit, and I know you sometimes...avoid practice. I thought you might like a bit of a game instead.”
Hesitantly, Tony took Steve's hand and stood.
On the bright side, Tony mused, the game did demonstrate Steve's impressive ability to creatively curse....
Natasha grabbed his arm, and pulled him a different direction, as the Captain had the nerve to parkour his way up the building.
“No. Cute and crazy, and prone to blowing things up.”
“You pulled the punches,” replied Steve.
In Steve's mind, the place should have been dark and gloomy, but it wasn't. Though the marble building was light, it felt cold, like ice.
Natasha shook her head, helping Tony up and out, and ignoring everyone else. She had wanted a quiet evening, not this drama, but at least the news would now pass through, and they'd get it over with.
“A good friend?” Clint said.
Bucky pinched his arm as silence fell over the large crowd. People turned to the door. Surely they could hear his heart beating?
“Why? Why would they do this?” asked Steve. “I thought the Red Templars wanted more people working, not less.”
“So much trouble,” Steve heard muttered, swaying to the song, the flashes a near constant now.
“Easy, Tony,” said Steve, hand on his back.
Tony looked at Dagna, who shrugged one shoulder. She was like him, and once started on a project, didn't always notice what was going on. And with Tony, when he was that oblivious, that meant he was upset, a fact Natasha was aware of...
“Just like that?” asked Tony.
Oh Steve...
Nothing, he knew, would be the same now.
“Rook isn't an Elvhen name...”
Tony looked at him, then laughed, holding his hand out.
'Remember, you're not alone...'
He didn't know what her plan was, but he kept moving, weaving through the crowd, and finally getting a bearing on where he was. It took quite a while before he got the notification that Steve took Wanda down. She probably used her powers to distract him. At least he managed to inhale some food along the way.
“Up the ladder,” said Clint.
“Are you okay?” asked Natasha, her eyes narrowed.
Pepper sighed. “It might be better to get it out of the way, since that is how you usually handle things.”
“We should definitely suggest it to Varric,” Tony replied.
When he didn't continue, she looked. He held a game up, grinning.
“I'll try to be a better person this time,” whispered Steve.
Strange left them, stating he was going to continue to research what happened.
“All right,” said Tony, crossing his arms. “What for?”
“Anthony,” said the Commander. “I'm not here to arrest you. I'm here to...” He shook his head, and sighed. “I did say this might not end well, Cassandra.”
'Remember, where there is darkness, light can be found...'
The girls giggled, earning them a wink from the deity, while Steve just watched, eyes widened in surprise.
“Bought them,” she said, putting a beanie on his head. “We're going to start training after this. I know you're more flexible than you let on.”
“He's wrong,” said Steve.
“If we're going to fight these Heartless, Nobodies, and find the door to this world, we'll need more help,” said Steve. “We can't just abandon people here.”
His anger was legendary, he figured. Hadn't everyone heard of the famous battle, the reason they had all split? They probably all thought it an easy choice. Well, not Natasha, probably. How many hours had they spent talking?
“Next time you do something that stupid...take me with you.”
There was some sort of light up ahead, so they ran towards it.
Tony laughed, thinking it was just a game like before, and he waved his hand in a dismissing motion. Steve stood up, and held his hand out. Tony's eyes grew wide as the flashes began.
The creatures stopped, shaking, as if unsure of who to listen, and Kairi, with a wave of her hand, created a wall of flames.
He barely avoided the fist that tried to crash down on top of him, rolling to the side, the shield clutched in his hand.
Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface
“Oh good, more darkness,” said Tony.
“Debating whether Circles should be reestablished,” said Bruce.
“I...suppose I could try?”
“Axel didn't make that legend up,” said Aqua.
Tony opened his mouth, blinked, then shut it. “I...what?”
“Oh God, Tony,” Pepper managed to choke out, squeezing his hand to the point of pain.
“Oh fuck,” said Tony.
And maybe, one day, Tony would hold him back...
“Why did you never say you loved me?” asked Steve. “And please don't try to lie.”
He opened his mouth to talk, and suddenly found his lips sealed by Steve's own, a tongue sliding inside. Tony clutched at Steve's uniform, pulling him as close as possible. After nearly suffocating on the kiss, Steve pulled back, taking a deep breath.
“You both are. You should just tell him how you feel.”
Her suspicions were confirmed when the others joined her.
“What were you thinking? Going out without weapons?”
“FRIDAY, up,” said Natasha.
Steve and Tony have a little talk
“Magic,” said Steve.
Steve ran as fast as he could, mostly to let his anger out, partially to get away from Tony. Honestly, the blame lay on both of them, for thinking that maybe they could talk about the Accords, and not get into an argument. Everything was too fresh in their minds, and just one bit began the stupid argument.
“It would not be the first time we have been betrayed,” said Ramuh, “and we expect it will happen again. Power can always lead to great good and to great evil, and that is why this world will always need their heroes.”
“Let's go out some time, you and me,” he said.
Tony grinned as he raced off, weaving through the alleys. It took longer to get the notification when Steve took Bucky down. Hopefully they hadn't destroyed anything much in the process.
“You think someone's a good painter?” asked Tony, tilting his head to the side.
To be entirely fair, most of that came along when Meredith took over.
For several seconds, they all just stared at the little girl. Tony broke first, shaking just a little. At first, Steve thought he was crying, and then he realized, with a rush of warmth, that he was laughing.
He got to his feet, gritting his teeth.
Tony shuddered, words of his own torture echoing in his head again. “No...not entirely uncalled for.”
Tony whined, like a small puppy chastised by the mother, but obediantly did as told. He could still feel the breeze, smell of water and grass, hear the soft voices of Justice, Solas, and Compassion, speaking in Elvhen, if he knew his languages...
“No, the point is that I'm going with you, wherever you go. You and I stay a team, no matter where we're going, no matter what worlds...”
~~indicates lyrics from Kingdom Hearts
“It's not like I can do much,” he replied, bitterly. “Pump me full of serum, and look, the perfect fighter, who can't even protect his teammates because hey, look, there's magic involved. Fuck magic.”
Of course, it could also have been the wet, super soldier hovering over him, cupping his cheek gently.
Tony shifted so he could fully face Steve. “Look here, Cap...”
Steve put a hand over his mouth. “You and I are a team now, whether you like it or not. This bond we have between us isn't going to just disappear when you leave. I'm sure about it.”
“It's too much of a coincidence.”
“They already are,” replied Tony, picking out a different donut, and only grumbled a little when Steve took half.
Steve sighed. “I suppose we should start sending out messages to Spiderman and other younger kids, giving them the same offer, then.”
Almost, but not quite.
“My heart isn't pure,” said Tony, scoffing. Steve frowned, and Tony shot him a look, brows furrowed.
Magic.
It took an hour, and they let the girls continue to sleep. Even then, they all stayed in their pajamas.
Tony snorted. Steve leaned down to kiss him again.
“Your boyfriend,” and Tony really did wince just a little at the childishness, “was quite vocal on his displeasure. I don't find it strange for you to stand beside him.”
Thank you to everyone who is enjoying this, and thank you so much for the comments! I promise that I read each one, and smile!
“Captain, you seem awfully defensive of Mr. Stark...”
“My actual name is Clint.”
“I'm a genius,” he had replied in one of their rare meetings. She was good at sneaking in at that point, damned rogue, but she was doing her best to stay alive, as well as try and find some way to fight for mage rights that didn't end her up in jail.
“Keep moving,” she whispered, then let him go.
“We don't have a lot of time,” whispered Axel, looking around the corner. “We can be stealthy all we want, but they'll sense us eventually.”
“Life,” said Tony, tearing a bagel apart, “is never boring.” He pulled a tub of cream cheese over, and began to scoop out dollops with the pieces. Thankfully, nobody tried to stop him; he probably would've zapped them.
And feeling the other's emotions...
“I don't know what they are. They appear and disappear randomly, and they're quick. They...didn't want us to find you.”
“Nobodies...?” asked Bucky.
Clint sat up first, stretching his neck side to side as he watched the sun rising. Natasha reached a hand out to take Clint's, while Bucky simply stared at the ceiling. Sam groaned to announce his semi-awareness. Vision and Wanda held each other. Peter, at some point, gave up sleeping and simply sat in the upper corner of the room, watching them. Pepper, Rhodey, and Bruce had taken chairs in the room, but didn't sleep much, either.
Again, the talk of magic and runes faded into the background. Cullen, shaking his head, made his escape, talking quietly with Cassandra. Natasha watched the group, but also studied Solas. She was no mage, but what Tony had told her earlier made her wonder.
“I feel a headache coming along,” mumbled Tony, reaching for another donut. “It's bad enough that I'm now...whatever I am. Now you're talking about Inbetweens...”
He could throw himself in front of danger, and they would never know that he really cared...
Thoughts of projects, of his boots and gauntlets, armor and weapons for the team, that arm for James, that jackass who still needed to apologize, fled as warm lips pressed, gently, against his own.
“You sap,” Steve whispered, his sight a bit blurry, grinning as he took Tony's hands. Tony's smile grew, his own eyes shining.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve shook his head. “No...he's probably just sulking. We just had a bit of a tussle, and he was fine. Waved me off and everything...”
What he didn't expect was a screech in response, and a bird, almost like a cross between a peacock and hawk, fly into Ade's face. The very tips of its wings were aflame, it's feathers reds, golds, yellows, and blues, and Tony knew that this was Phoenix.
“The door. Probably going to end up being our worst idea ever...”
“No, please! I really do want to talk!” And did that not sound truly like a young child begging for the comfort of a parent? His face flushed, but he didn't move. Natasha always knew what to say to cheer him up, and this regal woman, so calm in this whirlwind, reminded him of her. She did not move, watching him.
“Bruce?” said the Qunari, with a small laugh. “I kind of like that.”
“Yet,” said Steve.
The elf hesitated. “Yes, I will tell you, but not here. I think what you really need is time to heal. Close your eyes.”
“Cullen and a Tevinter Mage...incredible!” Tony paused for a moment to wrap his head around this concept, and promptly became distracted by Steve's lips.
Bruce, his brother in science, that he couldn't even help...
Steve stood at the end of the bed, face carefully blank, except his eyes were bloodshot, his hair in disarray.
“Okay, that's totally uncalled for.”
“No, I can't,” admitted Cullen. “As I've said before, I can't take back those I've hurt, nor can I undo the injustice I let slid by, but I can apologize for my shortcomings, and I can try to do better. I'm sorry.”
“You...?” asked Tony, but didn't complete the thought.
Steve smiled, squeezing Tony's hand. “Let's go see what this woman has to say.
“Are you saying that crazy chick from yesterday...?”
“NO!” cried Kairi, fighting to get off the jet, blocked by the Hulk.
“The Herald seems to do all right,” said Steve, swirling his ale in the mug.
Aqua nodded. “You're understanding the gravity of this situation...they spread quick, and they're brutal. They'll seek strong hearts, pure hearts...your hearts.”
Natasha raised an eyebrow to show she heard, checking the nail polish she just applied.
Kairi giggled. “He's strong.”
“I don't like it,” Strange immediately said. “This is unsupervised magic, and...”
Tony groaned. “Ramuh....”
Bruce took the circlet that they found near the other Howard to examine. They didn't wait to hear the confirmation that the man was dead. They already knew.
And straight through Howard.
“James and Cullen, I've told personally, recently. Cullen's told the Inquisition, which is probably part of the reason that he recommended me to the team.”
A few of the Avengers groaned.
“Wait? Dorian? The Tevinter Mage I've heard about? Seriously?”
“They have lived here for some time,” replied Thor. “It was....not my place to reveal this.”
“Oh, c'mon,” replied Rhodey, “Captain America blue in your keyblade?”
Tony's eyes widened, and he struggled harder, but didn't move an inch.
“You're a capable fighter, and you've fixed the armor to work with your other form,” said Steve softly, leaning close to him. “You've got this.”
“Yes, we'll join,” Natasha said, figuring at last that there was no hope of Tony actually answering.
On the tip of his tongue, Tony thought about sarcastic comments. He settled for a glare, because this dance seemed so old.
Natasha pushed him into a dressing room, winked, and said, “Good luck,” before disappearing.
“But boots...”
He frowned, and figured, maybe he died. First, he was hearing voices, and second, he wasn't in a body of water.
Tony sat back, looking up at her. “You just basically called me young. Why would you want to hear my ideas?”
“The Herald has an army,” replied Natasha. True, the Herald seemed to depart a lot on various missions, but the troops took care of much as well.
“May. I’m so sorry. I’m so fucking…”
[Begin transmission to Potts, Virginia]
[End transmission to Parker, May]
