After all, it was hardly even a Christmas, really. The house was only decorated in the living room with a patchy tree that only had baubles in the places that Peter could reach. Tony had had food delivered, but he’d forgotten to actually add a turkey to his basket and the Christmas jumper he’d found shoved away in the back of his wardrobe was about a size too small.
Peter’s eyes widened. “Sorry, Daddy. I am, honest. Sorry, Steve. Can you carry on, please?”
“Of course it’s pie for breakfast,” Tony said, hands working quickly to place the apple slices on the top of the very-nearly finished pie. He kicked at Steve’s ankle for punishment of the theft, but couldn’t find it in him to be too mean. “It’s not every day you turn four hundred and seventy-three.”
“Yes, I do.” Steve ducked his head and caught Tony’s lips in a sweet kiss. “I know you and I know our son. He wouldn’t be bringing someone home unless they were special to him. There’s no way we can scare them off. Not with a pie, at least.”
bio if I’m up against CEOs, huh? Can’t compete too much with that.”
“Yeah,” Steve cracked open on eye, “that did it too.”
He couldn’t. As much as he’d have wanted to, Steve couldn’t even open his mouth.
“Okay. I’m sure that’s it.” Rhodey’s voice was soft, understanding. It wasn’t pitying, but Tony still felt the need to turn away. There were a few bumps, the dropping of books onto a hard desk. “Want to go to the dining hall? Taco Tuesday today.”
Tony snorted. “I told you you weren’t going to like it, but what do I know?”
“You don’t remember?” Tony asked, trying not to let any sort of emotion colour his voice and give anything away. There had to be an explanation; it was probably just Steve giving him an out. Or an in.
“Cocky.”
“Same. Heading home from a work trip.” When Steve looked down at Peter with a frown, Tony grinned. “I’m the boss. Comes with the territory.”
There was that damned smile again, turned on Tony. He could feel it against the side of his head. “Well, there must be someone. You can’t have done this to yourself.”
Who needed sleep anyway?
As soon as the words left Tony’s mouth, he realised what he’d said. Home. It wasn’t home. The grin started to dim before Steve slid his hand under Tony’s blazer and pinched his side lightly.
“No,” Steve said quickly and Tony was so thankful for the help because he was half a step away from crying himself. Reaching out, Steve rested a large –
he used to say to a young Tony dancing around in the garden,
As beautiful as Tony was and as witty as his bio had been, Steve had still swiped a firm left.
“Boo.”
Ty was gorgeous. He was a few years older than Tony, having taken a gap year (or two, or three) before completing his degree. He was everything that Tony wasn’t and from the very first moment they’d met, Tony had been smitten.
Snorting into her mug, May nodded. “Not half. And you didn’t even have him as a baby. It was worse then, believe me. Just about every toy he had lit up or played music.”
“How disappointing,” Tony snarked. “I was kind of looking forward to whipping up something five-star. Would really impress my six-year-old who lives on a diet of mac-n-cheese and quesadillas.”
“Daddy likes blue!”
“Okay, yes, I remember. Christ. Don’t say it again.” Tony grabbed Peter’s wrist and tugged with as much strength as he had – which wasn’t much. “Obviously I’m the most amazing dad in the world.”
Tony startled and his thoughts cut off as he looked up to see a nurse in the doorway of an examination room.
“Do you get this?” Steve whispered with a frown, hand gesturing to the screen. “Does
“I’m–,” Steve stopped as he looked at Tony and took in the emotions in his eyes. He looked scared, face a little guarded. Sighing, Steve reached out for Tony’s hand and shuffled over a bit on the lumpy mattress, causing the bed to squeak again.
Steve looked up from the fire evacuation instructions he’d been reading in a bit of a panic to see Tony standing in the aisle, arms tight around his son who was lying fast asleep against his shoulder. Almost immediately, he felt himself tense up. The mortification was still very much on his mind and he had never felt so awkward. “Oh. Hi. Fancy seeing you here.”
His heart was thudding wildly in his chest and he had to look away from Steve’s gentle smile, choosing instead to stare down at his lap. There was a thread hanging from the bottom of his sweatshirt and he had to twist his fingers together to resist the urge to pull and pull and pull. Things unravelled when they were pulled, he told himself. Tony licked his lips and dug his fingernails into his palm.
A kid that was sleeping peacefully on Tony’s lap.
Steve blinked and stared at the answering machine as though that held all of the answers. Since when had it been that Steve was the one who didn’t want Tony? That wasn’t right, that was not the right way around at all. It had been Tony who had walked out so easily, made the decision with no thought for their relationship and the wonderful thing that it could have become.
“Hey, Tony?” Peter asked halfway through
Not to mention how breakable they were. In his first week at his previous job, Steve had broken three mugs, one desk chair, and fourteen pens. Strength was both a blessing and a curse and, when entrusted with a very tiny child’s life, it was most definitely the latter.
“I know, sweetheart, I know.” Steve closed his eyes as he held Tony gently, wishing to God that there was something he could do. All of his anger had left him as soon as Tony’s face had crumpled into pain. It wasn’t worth it. There was no argument worth it. The thought alone of shouting at Tony any more hurt Steve as much as the open wound on Tony’s body was hurting him. “I’m here. We’re okay, sweetheart. It’s going to be okay. I’m here, I’m not leaving.”
Luckily Tony seemed to get what Steve was trying to say. “No,” he said with a weak smile. “He lives with May. Not really sure how viable that is forever, but I was only contacted after the accident. Anyway, I wasn’t really ready to be a dad immediately and things were, I guess you’d say stilted. For the start, anyway. It was difficult then and there’s a lot of years to fit into a few months.”
Tony bit his lip, pressing the lock button of his cell again. Just in case the screen hadn’t lit up with the text. It did that sometimes if the lighting wasn’t quite right, because it was very sensitive. That was all.
“No,” Steve said quickly, choking on the word, “no, it’s…” Trailing off, he bit his lip until it started to sting, knowing he couldn’t end that sentence how he was going to. Because what sort of an asshole would he have been if he said out
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony said, voice low and words starting to slur into each other. Maybe he was more tired than he’d thought. “I love you, too.”
“Mm.” Steve lifted an arm and let Tony burrow in close to his embrace. “Pretty sure that’s what drew you in.”
“Oh, Tony.” Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s shoulders and pulled him closer, resting his forehead against Tony’s temple. “Shit, you scared me. It’s alright. I’m here, you’re here. Are you okay?”
“–we talk, Steve! That’s what we do–”
“Oh.” Steve’s quiet voice stopped Tony in his tracks. “Tony, I’m so sorry. I forgot all about movie night and I told Andrew we could go out tonight. He’s been working all week and-”
But, the sound system had quickly been hooked up to play a playlist of Christmas classics that Tony found he knew most of the words to and the heating was blasting enough to keep them all warm. The most wonderful thing about it all was that Peter’s smile hadn’t dropped for a single minute as he bounced around like a damn bunny to throw tinsel on every flat surface and thrust hand drawn pictures of owls under Tony and Steve’s noses.
“Did you get any sleep?”
“We’ll see,” Steve said, a warm smile blossoming when Peter turned to look at him hopefully. “You could start a new tradition together, yeah? Tree shopping every Christmas Eve. Or, well, maybe not Christmas Eve. Then you’ll be left with a rubbish one each year. Maybe go a little earlier.”
“You were supposed to think that you could
Don’t ever tell me any details
It was fear, more than anything. Steve couldn’t handle being scared, couldn’t handle that thought of not being in control or not knowing what was happening. It was easier to get mad, to shout and let his voice turn to steel instead of wobbling with panic.
Tony snorted – and Steve was thankful that he had only done that and not mocked his awful, overdone joke.
Not that Steve
“You’re in New York, Sir. It’s 5.32 am and it is 61.4 degrees outside. You are in your bedroom with Captain Rogers, and all is well. There is no threat of danger to you or the tower.”
Tony lifted his head as he tried to focus on Steve’s voice. When he managed to open his eyes and blink a bit of the blurriness away, he was rewarded with a gentle smile being shone down at him.
“Christ, has he always been this loud?”
that he really didn’t have a hope of knowing the lyrics to.
As an adult, it was hell.
“Well? What do you think?”
Why was Tony standing alone?
Every time he blinked, all Tony could see was the way Steve’s hand looked without the shining silver ring Tony had put there. That and the expression on Steve’s face as Tony had stormed out of the meeting room, turning back for a split second and forgetting to school his features back into his usual mask of indifference.
And then Tony had gotten hurt. Badly hurt, at that.
“Oh. Right.” Tony shook his head, blinking a few more times to try and focus. “I wanted to talk to you. I’ve been, been trying for ages and I couldn’t find a good, a decent time.”
“Wow.” Rhodey huffed a breath of air and Tony watched out of the corner of his eye as he flopped back onto his bed and grinned up at the ceiling. “I wish I could vacation in France every year. You’re gonna have such a great time. Don’t forget about me, will you? I want at least one picture a day.”
It’s just that… God, Steve felt like an asshole, but as well as there being a cheeky grin in every photo, there was also a kid. A
The way she said it was so careful, asking without being invasive and giving Tony the freedom to answer with as much or as little as he wanted.
Steve smiled, but he knew it didn’t quite reach his eyes. That was twice he’d been told that. “He’s a good kid.”
“Mhm,” Tony murmured, fisting his hands in Steve’s frankly-hideous Christmas sweater to tug him close. “I can call my spouse whatever I want.”
Peter shrugged, movement a little restricted by his puffy winter coat. “I guess not,” he said eventually. He was such a serious little thing, all proper sentences and furrowed eyebrows as he looked around the huge living room. It somehow looked even bigger when Tony thought about how bare it was. “May’s got one. And Mommy and Dad did, too.”
“Well, you can start now. It’s not exactly gourmet cooking.”
“Mr Stark?”
It was on the tip of his tongue to make some joking comment about Steve joining him when there was a noise behind him and Andrew walked in. Right. He couldn’t do that anymore.
did. He just couldn’t. The guy was just so damn
But Steve had no guarantee that that was indeed the case. His head was starting to hurt with the number of conflicting thoughts firing in his brain, thousands of tiny voices screaming out over each other to be heard and making him feel dizzy. He swayed a little where he stood, the backs of his legs catching the edge of the couch cushions and making him wobble again.
As much as Sarah wanted to rush out to the reception and search the computer for the details of Tony’s next appointment, she forced herself to lean further into her friend instead. There was no way that her moral compass would let her invade a patient’s privacy in such a way. In fact, she’d have left Tony’s appointment as soon as she’d put the pieces together, had that not alerted Tony to the fact that she knew and would have only made him more paranoid.
Peter could hardly see an inch of his dad’s skin that wasn’t covered with either a bandage or a dark mark of some description, be it red or blue or a mottled sort of green. He reached out without much thought and took his dad’s hand in his, holding it gently and trying not to cause any more pain. Without pausing his argument with Steve, Tony gripped Peter’s fingers and stroked his thumb over the back of Peter’s hand.
Tony’s smirk softened to a smile. He took one more step until they were sharing the same breath, lips almost touching and bodies pressed close from chest to toe.
“Well, that makes sense.”
Peter’s fingers were tiny on Steve’s leg. They tapped out a wild rhythm even as his eyes slipped closed, fighting sleep. Steve found that he couldn’t look away from the way Peter’s head drooped onto Tony’s stomach, how his curls fell onto his forehead with the movement.
“‘M fine,” Tony slurred entirely unconvincingly. He knew there was no way that Steve was going to believe him, but he wasn’t going without his answer. “I have to ask. I need, needed to hear you say it before he, they come back and I–”
“Yes, Captain?”
“I can get some hot chocolate.” Steve didn’t think the burner at the customers’ stall was still on, but he figured he could use the staff stash if needed. Hot chocolate was a winter necessity, after all, and it was bitterly cold. Far too cold for Peter to be standing around, really.
“Where am I?”
Tony tried to get back into the bed as quietly as he could. It was rarer than a blue moon for Tony to be up in a morning before Steve and he never really knew what to do with himself when it happened. That morning, he’d realised that chasing more sleep wasn’t an option and had slipped out to make a quick cup of coffee.
“I’m pretty sure I don’t have to butter you up,” May said, “you don’t exactly need a bigger ego. But then again, you did take the terror off my hands, so I am grateful to you. I’ll whisper all sorts of sweet nothings if you keep him.”
“Here.” Peter was practically vibrating with his excitement.
Luckily, Peter just giggled again and started walking forward with a decisive little nod. “That one was too big. Was kinda scary. And pricked my finger.”
It should have made Steve feel sorry for him, should have evoked sympathy for Tony’s clear pain. It probably should have made relief flow through Steve at his husband finally being awake and talking to him.
Though Tony was addressing Steve, his gaze didn’t wander from Peter’s face for a second. His eyes flickered over Peter’s body, taking everything in. It was hard for Peter to care about the attention when he was doing the exact same thing, cataloguing every bruise and every extra wrinkle.
He’d known what was going on with him from the start. Though he’d always been careful, that clearly wasn’t a guarantee that nothing would happen because Tony had spent the last two weeks hunched over a toilet. He’d thrown up all of the weirdest combinations of foods he’d been craving, things like peanut butter and pickles, or fried egg and grated chocolate. Add that to the mood swings, the sore areas of his body, and a definite rounding of his stomach, and Tony knew he had grounds to panic.
“There you are,” Steve said. “Was worried I was going to have to talk to myself.”
“Well, in that case…”
The laugh that left Tony hurt his chest. It was bitter, self-deprecating. Not even slightly real. “Do you mean that, or are you just saying it because you think it’s what I want to hear?”
Tony summoned the best, cockiest grin he could and saluted. “Of course. Two if I bag twins.”
“Yes.” Sarah sniffed and ran a delicate finger under her eye. “He should have his next appointment with Ange.”
“No, no,” he said, rummaging in the cupboard below the sink. “I know there’s a pack. Sam’s niece comes to annoy him all the time so I got her some to go in a marshmallow gun. Was quite a laugh, actually. She’s a good shot.”
“Well,” Nurse Rogers said, shuffling back to her work station and shifting the atmosphere in the room. Her voice sounded a little choked up, but Tony was sure that he was projecting. “He sounds like a lovely young man.”
“Can I help?”
“Is that the pregnancy version of Dutch courage?”
“Yes,” Tony said and then thought. “Well, no. Three, if I can, actually. There’s only me and Rhodes, now. My best friend. He’s stationed away, but I can send it in the mail, couldn’t I?”
“No, no, it’s fine,” the man said before Steve could get out anything other than an embarrassed sort of yelp. Waving his hand through the air, the stranger smiled ruefully. “I get it. It’s the beard, isn’t it? True be told, it was a weird winter choice that year and I knew it would come back to hurt me.”
“It was fine.”
Maria crooned into Tony’s ear.
Pete, look at me, are–”
Tony swallowed. “She, uh, she’s said ‘only gave it out once tonight! He’s a nerd, a gym-buff, and a sweetheart. Definitely your type and caught him looking at my lock screen pic of you more than once. Go for it’
“That’s me,” Tony replied happily, laughing with Steve and tilting his head to one side when Steve bit at his neck in retaliation. “Now, get off me, you brute. Let me stick this back in to brown.”
And damn it, but she made a good point.
There was a deep laceration underneath Tony’s left eye, deep and ugly and something that would no doubt scar. Peter couldn’t look away from it.
“Yeah.” Peter grabbed at Steve’s hands, fingers curling around Steve’s and tugging lightly. “I wan’ brekkie.”
Peggy’s arms tightened around Sarah’s shoulder and a kiss was dropped to her hair. “You’re not going to tell–”
However Steve was going to finish would forever remain a mystery as they were interrupted by a sudden giggle from the doorway.
“Tony–”
Tony looked down the duffel open on his bed and sighed. He stayed quiet as Rhodey finished checking his bags and grabbed his phone, unplugging his charger and throwing it in his jacket pocket.
There was a freckle right in the middle of Tony’s belly. He focused in on it, wondering if it was going to stretch with his bump. “Still don’t. Now, I keep wondering if they’d put something out if something were to happen. Would I ever know?”
“No,” Tony said dismissively, turning back to the counter and peering at the unbaked pie on the side. “I think it needs more salt
“They’ll come for us.” Tony didn’t know if that was true. Didn’t know if he’d even be awake if they did ever make it to them, but he wanted to go out with something close to hope in his heart. “The team. Get us out.”
“I said that you were–”
“Hey, kid,” Tony smoothed a hand over Peter’s head, brushing his hair from his face. “Shush, baby. It’s okay; calm down.”
Turning at the voice, Steve recognised the man as someone he’d greeted when they arrived. It took Steve a minute to remember what he was wearing and, when he did, he blushed to his roots. How a bright green elf suit with literal bells was so hard to forget, but Steve found he managed to do it several times a day.
But all of that was for another day. Right now, having Tony’s heavy pulse against his palm and his warm body cradled to Steve’s, it was enough. They’d always be enough.
“Oh, I – um, yes,” Steve stuttered, his eyes flicking between Peter and Tony. He matched Tony’s frown. “I think they could only see him.”
“Tony,” Steve reached out and caught Tony’s hand, taking the fork from him before twisting their fingers together, “this pie is perfect. You’ve been making it since you were a child. You’ve perfected it so much you could make it in your sleep.”
They had screaming matches sometimes. Arguments where they’d hurl insults at the other and yell until their throats were hoarse. That’s when the swearing would come, when Steve’s control would slip and when Tony knew how to coax out what he wanted. Because that was just what Tony did. He saw when Steve needed a release, saw when Steve needed to scream and yell and cry. They never meant the things they said to each other, never actually intended for the words to be taken to heart.
What he hated even more than that was the pride that accompanied it. That was the hardest emotion to deal with. The fact that Steve felt so much overpowering pride and unadulterated love towards his husband, the man who had willingly sacrificed himself with barely a moment’s thought to save the lives of others.
It was always funny to see Steve jump half a mile in the air. For such good reflexes and hearing, he relaxed so much at the tower that it was almost too easy to catch him out. It was one of Tony’s favourite things to do though; to sneak up behind Steve and make him jump. The laugh that Steve always gave after made his stomach swoop and the way that Steve would make a grab for him in retaliation made his heart beat so much faster.
When Peter scurried over to Steve and held up his mug with a hopeful smile, Tony met Steve’s gaze over his head. Who on earth was the man in front of him, who spoke so kindly to kids and apparently volunteered to dress up in a bright green elf costume to chop down Christmas trees in the snow? He was someone that Tony wanted to get to know, someone that he wanted to talk to for hours at a time and learn every secret that Steve had to share.
Taking a deep breath and turning slightly, Tony returned Ana’s hug and pressed his own kiss to her head. He let his eyes fall shut as he held her, wishing her nothing but the best for wherever she ended up. Tony had forced his parents to set aside money for Jarvis’s retirement – and wasn’t that a kick in the head – and he knew that he would find some way to push that down to Ana. He had to.
People and him weren’t always a great combination. “It’s horrible.”
At that point, Tony would even take a bedtime story if it just meant that he could feel Jarvis next to him for five more minutes. But that was impossible and, soon, Tony would be forgotten again.
Fingers froze over his keyboard as Peter stared at his dad, computers and battle forgotten for a moment. “You cannot be serious. I’ve been mentally calling him Pops since I was twelve.”
They fell quiet, both relaxing in the peaceful moment. It felt easy between them, though there was a slight edge to the air. Steve wanted to press, but he fought himself and held it back.
Peter giggled. “Red’s my very special favourite.”
“Got it right here.” Holding her cell up, May smiled at Tony as though she knew what he was thinking. “Ready?”
“A special treat,” he said, urging Peter off the breakfast bar and herding him in Natasha’s direction. Setting the cookies on a plate at his side, Tony winked at the kid. “For when you’re finished. You’ll need to get your sugar levels back up.”
Tony lifted his gaze from the two jars of dried herbs he’d been choosing between. Neither were particularly appealing so he was glad of a distraction. “I thought you were sleeping.”
Tony settled back down onto the examination table, eyes still on his nurse for a moment before they wandered back to his baby.
It felt strange to have Steve back in their house, back where it had all started. He looked far too uncomfortable in his own house, but he was there. He was there with the couch where Tony had started to sleep more and more, the fireplace that they’d curled up in front of at the start of their relationship, and the radio that had started to fill the air more than their conversations towards the end.
“It’s fine,” Tony said, waving a hand. The way his gaze dropped to Peter and his mouth turned down told another story, but Steve didn’t push. “He’s all I need.”
“They’re going to take him away!” Peter shook his head and pressed even closer to Tony. “He’s gonna have to go away and be all on his own.”
When he’d finished speaking, his lower lip wobbled ever so slightly. Tony
“Right. I’m going to get the lawyers in here. I want to get this over and done with.”
“See you back here in four weeks. Go out to reception and there’ll make your next appointment. Any questions?”
Tony clicked his tongue, swirling the dregs of his mugs around in front of his chest. “I’m pretty sure you have to say that.”
Peter shrugged again. “I don’t know.”
After a long moment more, he collected himself to head back into the living room. He’d have happily stayed in the peace and solitary of the kitchen, but he knew it would be suspicious. Once he’d gotten to the bottom of the situation with Steve and knew where he stood, then he could hide.
The hand squeezed tighter and something settled inside of Peter.
Tony wanted to protest and to say that it hadn’t been, but the truth was that he didn’t know if he could. It might well have been. His subconscious might have noticed the wedge between them long before he ever did, his self-preservation kicking in to stop his heart from crumbling right in front of him.
“How thick?”
There was a moment of silence before Ana dropped her head down onto Tony’s shoulder and pressed a light kiss to his thick blazer. “He spoke of you, you know. Right at the very end. Told me to take care of you, told me that he lo–”
“I thought you’d left me already,” Steve said finally. “It’s not an excuse, and I know that, but I – that’s it. I thought you were gone and didn’t want to tell me. I’d lost you and I didn’t know why. I gave you an out.”
“Not really,” Steve said. He opened one eye and squinted over at Tony. “I remember getting to the bar. I think I remember meeting Clint’s friends from his chem class, and then Natasha ordered shots. I don’t remember much else after that. Did I miss anything important?”
“Okay, you’ve had your fun. You can take it off now.”
“They left him, didn’t they? He got no one now cause they’ve
seeing Peter cry. Desperate to stop the tears before they could fall, he squeezed Peter’s hand a few times until the boy looked up at him.
“I’m sorry?”
. Steve jumped half a mile in the air and turned away from the window to see Peter peeking through the seats.
“He was.” Steve was the best man that Tony had ever known, and he was the biggest fool in the world for walking away.
Rubbing his hand up and down Tony’s arm, Steve felt his own arms start to shake.
“I know.” Sarah wiped her eyes again with the sides of her hands, rubbing the tears away on her scrubs. “That’s enough. And I trust him.”
There was a part of Steve that was desperate to ring back and beg Tony to explain himself, to ask whether it had been serious and the God’s honest truth.
They just never thought to invite Tony.
Tony opened his mouth to brush the question off before Steve’s phone suddenly buzzed on the coffee table, the two of them wincing at the loud vibration that it made.
As if feeling Steve’s gaze, Tony looked up. There was a slight furrow to his brow. “Good film?”
to me!” Tony couldn’t hold it in anymore and he stood up, kicking his chair away and clenching his fists. “How long have we been married, Steve? And you suddenly thought–”
Tony’s heart stuttered. “Today isn’t either. Not now. It’s past midnight. I worked too late.”
youre gross
Steve woke to the bed moving and low, panicked-sounding grumbles coming from the other side of it. Blinking awake and straining to hear what was going on, it didn’t take long for Steve to associate the noises with his partner.
> i took pictures lots of them
,” Tony spoke again. He went quiet for a moment and the sounds of the bar behind him got louder until there was a deep sigh. “
“Of course I was,” Steve answered immediately. Who would promise a child a treat and then never deliver? Even with his lack of experience around children, he knew that was wrong.
“Okay. I think I’ve got it. Widow, you ready to shoot off if I send you the destination?”
It wasn’t going to be as easy as Nurse Rogers seemed to think it would, Tony knew that without any doubt, but he also knew that he could do it. He had to. Alone, if that’s what it was going to come to.
Tony pushed his mug away from him, not trusting his shaking hands with a cup of hot coffee. He’d been in a bad mood since his lawyer had called yet another meeting between Steve and Tony and scheduled it for 9am. “Want to take even more from me? My bank account and heart not enough for you?”
“Couldn’t sleep. The pills hurt my head.”
“I am,” Tony said. His voice was quiet but very sure, legs swinging and kicking into the already-worn cupboards under the counter. “I think he’s ready for me, too.”
Tony looked up from his tablet, brow furrowed. “My show?”
“Listen, Steve,” Tony sat up and ran his hand through his hair, cursing his friend and his tired mind and the way that he seemed to be feeling something other than annoyance towards the asshole who had apparently made his friend uncomfortable. “You’re already miles ahead of the others by even saying sorry. I’m sure that–,” his phone buzzed in his hand before he could finish his thought and he muttered a curse as he pulled it away from his ear. “Steve? Hang on – I, oh. It’s from Nat.”
try telling him that–”
“Well, I don’t need mistletoe to kiss your Da,” Steve started, backing away from Tony slowly. Ducking his head, Tony tried to hide his grin. He knew where Steve was going and couldn’t believe that Peter couldn’t see anything coming after so many years of living with Steve. “Just like I don’t need mistletoe to kiss you!”
“We were together.” One day Tony would listen to the voices in his head that told him to stop talking. “We were a thing for a few months. I don’t know how serious it was for him, but I never did anything with anyone else. He was lovely. He was everything.”
“They will. I know they will."
“Shit,” Steve said after he picked it up and thumbed the screen. “Bucky’s up and wondering why I never went home. I’d better go and show him that I’m still alive.” He took a step forward before he stopped and closed his eyes. He swayed back and forth on the spot for a moment. “Or maybe I should take another second… nope, okay. I’m good.”
The loud groan that followed him down the corridor more than made up for the small situation he had going on in his pants. He really didn’t think they’d see the end of the gala; he gave it four hours, tops, and didn’t feel the slightest bit guilty.
Divorce as an adult meant no more Steve. It meant that Tony had been such a shit husband that he had driven away the only man that had ever truly loved him. It would mean cold days, sleepless nights, quiet and empty rooms.
“No, Tony! Let me go; I’m too big for a tree. No!”
“Then he’ll do what’s best for him, won’t he?” Peggy twisted their fingers together and grinned.
Nurse Rogers smiled and reached out to cup Tony’s hand for a brief moment. “There’ll be a lot of panicking in your future, lovely. It might be easier to have someone to share it with.”
“Cheeky.” Tony held up two cups of steaming coffee. “Guess you don’t want this, then?”
“Right,” Tony said slowly, looking back to Peter. “Do all Christmas trees whistle, or should we pick another one?”
She didn’t know how long she must have sat there, but she didn’t move until the door was pushed open again and her friend popped her head around the door.
Tony nearly jumped out of his skin when the door suddenly burst open and he was rudely awakened from his nap. He lifted his head from the couch and squinted over at the figure standing there, panting as if they’d run a mile.
“Oh.” Kids were confusing. Peter spoke extremely well for someone who didn’t go to school. “He’s smart.”
His pasta bake was the first meal he’d made when they’d finally adopted Peter, legally and truly. Maybe a small part of him had been wanting to show off, but Tony had really cared about making sure Peter had a real square meal. Something to help him recover from the small scrapes he’d gotten in his night-time brawls, to repair some of the damage of malnourishment from his pervious home.
When Steve frowned, Peter shook Philip. “Daddy says having different ‘lections makes planes fun. He gets me toys from all the times he goes on a plane.”
“As are you,” Steve replied, settling back down and closing his eyes. “You should have made me a drink.”
He finally had Steve right where he wanted him, he thought as he slid his hand up to curl over the back of Steve's neck, and he was never going to let him go.
Tony stared in shock, blinking up at Steve completely unable to believe what he was hearing. Not wanting to believe what he was hearing.
There was a long silence from Tony. The only sounds coming over the comms were noises from the attacking robots as Tony fought them off with none of his usual witty comments and joking banter.
“No,” Steve muttered lowly. His breath left his mouth in a cloud that hung in the air before him and a sharp wind whipped around the lot with enough force to make the bell on his hat jingle.
But there, at one o’clock in the morning, was a man who had transformed Tony’s living room into the most romantic thing Tony had ever seen, all because he hadn’t wanted some stupid day to slip past without a celebration.
“Thank you. I really thought I had some marshmallows somewhere. Let me just–”
“Oh, gosh. I – Tony, I… thank you. For telling me. I know that wasn’t easy.”
Tony had no qualms about handing his book down to the next wave of Starks. His children had grown up in the kitchen working tirelessly next to him to feed their teammates and friends, their siblings and their partners. It was time.
Whoops. It did, indeed. “Yeah, sorry about that. You sound different to the others, though, if that’s any consolation? There’s a lot less cursing and yelling.”
Steve’s gaze snapped up. “No,” he blurted out automatically. That was a frankly laughable thought; as if Steve had even registered any one since he’d met Tony over seven years ago. What a joke. “No. God, no. It’s, it was – just for… I was waiting.”
Once, Tony had thought named decorations were tacky, but he’d grown quite accustomed to them and his heart tugged every time he saw Peter poke them gently.
Tony’s breath hitched. “Yes. Yes, I am.”
“Well,” Nurse Rogers said, “I like it, at least. So, what can I do for you today?”
Tony laughed, though it was a little forced. “Just trying to picture it. Never imagined having kids when I was younger, but now it’s time to think about it, I guess. Reckon it’ll be blonde or brunette? I can never remember if hair colours are dominant genes or not – biology sucked at school. I always wanted to blow things up instead.”
Tony couldn’t stop his proud smile. Reaching out a hand, Tony looked over the Christmas tree lot. There was at least a fair few trees still planted and ready to be sold. “Did I do good?”
> What are you talking about?
Steve smiled, throwing the spoon into the small sink. “So much pressure on this.”
And there he was. Steve Rogers. The absolute (and only) love of Tony’s life. He was stood in the middle of the living room, a smart suit made more casual by the absence of a tie and his feet bare, toes curled into Tony’s plush, shag rug. There were yet more flowers clasped in Steve’s hands, a huge bouquet that covered his whole stomach and chest with blooms.
“No, Tony.” With a soft smile, Nurse Rogers turned back to him and Tony felt his shoulders relax. “You have to do what’s right for you and your baby first off. I’d think about the other father, but I’m not going to tell you that you have to tell them.”
“Triceratops. Obviously.”
“You look like shit.”
“That was a good one!”
“Pete, kid,” Tony said, finally settling into Steve’s stubborn hand on his back and beckoning Peter up onto the bed. “I
“I can’t believe you’re going to spend Thanksgiving in France, of all places.”
Nurse Rogers threw her head back in a laugh when Tony shot her a wink. “Oh, you charmer. Go on, get out of here. You need to get yourself out to a coffeeshop. Treat yourself to something sweet and chocolatey.”
Tony didn’t lift his eyes from his phone when he heard a key turn in the lock and Rhodey shuffle through.
“I am. I really am.”
Steve’s eyes darkened as his other hand released Tony, only to grip Tony’s neck and tilt his head back instead. The power switch was over, but Tony couldn’t find it in himself to mourn the loss of dominance. He had entered the agreement as the submissive sugar-baby, after all, and Steve was never hotter than when he was in total control. It was where he was born to be.
“No, mom,” Tony said, moodily kicking at the bottom stair, the marble cold even through his sock. “I know. I just thought, because of it being Chris–”
“Alright, Mr. Stark. I’m glad to hear that. Now, I’m going to–”
Sweet pastry wasn’t Tony’s favourite thing to make, so he chose to keep it for really special occasions. The sort of days where he wanted to spoil Steve a little, wanted to make him feel important and loved and all the things that Steve made Tony feel every day.
Peter was also experienced in the mystery that was his father, and he’d learnt from experience that the best thing to do was to let Tony work things through on his own for a bit. Peter decided to do just that and left Tony to stew.
How was he supposed to fit a six-foot pine tree to the back of a motorcycle, or make a fir that didn’t set off someone’s allergies? All Steve could do to keep himself calm was remind himself time and time again that any of the money he could make on the side whilst the schools were on holiday was money going straight to the VA centre where his best friend had been treated after service.
“Consider me warned.”
“Look, Da!”
“Now, now, children,” Steve said with a fond twist to his words as he appeared in the doorway to the living room, wonky reindeer ears atop his head and a big smile at his lips. “We have important matters to attend to, apparently.”
“Woah, hey, uh…”
Steve recoiled as though someone had stabbed him. “Fuck. Don’t say that. Tony, don’t. Please don’t ever think that.”
. He was so quick to smile, so keen to share the last muffin or to squidge up on the couch to let Tony in. In fact he was the perfect boyfriend. Exactly what Tony wanted to be.
“Wow. Dinosaurs? That’s cool.” Steve lifted his gaze when he heard Tony snort.
Tony blinked a few times, hands clenched into fists at his sides. Suspicion coloured his voice when he spoke again. “Are you okay?”
“But I didn’t, did I?” Steve said instead, words spat out. “It wasn’t me that threw himself in front of a fucking bomb and–”
Tony’s grin grew even wider and a small laugh left him. “Thought you’d like that.” He twisted the material through his fingers almost thoughtfully and Steve’s eyes followed every movement. “And they fold up so beautifully, as well. A perfect match.”
Probably not the best thing for Steve to have said, but he couldn’t hold it in any longer.
“Shush, Peter.” Tony rubbed his thumb along Peter’s hairline, Steve’s fingers tapping his shoulder. “It’s okay. I know. I know, kid, of course I know. Everything’s okay now.”
Steve huffed a laugh and let out something akin to a sob. “I love you.”
“Been there. Grab a tomato and stop chopping.”
“Get off me, you brute,” Tony said, batting at Steve’s chest. The quirk of his lips gave away how he actually felt about Steve’s hand roaming over his arse and, judging by the lift of Steve’s eyebrow, he knew it too. “I need to finish getting dressed.”
“Tony Stark?”
Steve rolled his eyes, but he could feel his cheeks flaming and knew that Tony would be able to see it. “I don’t think the divine powers have anything to do with airlines.”
Steve would hit the gym and punch as much of his anger out on reinforced punch bags or rope Bucky into a sparring match, and he’d probably smoke his way through another pack or two. Tony would take months to recover and then there would be another tense week or two where they had to decide when he was mentally able to rejoin the Avengers as an active member. The transition from hospital to home had never been an easy one and Steve was dreading it already. There would be bitten words and Tony would probably push Steve out to sleep on the couch if he got really mad.
written on just below
Peter’s eyes lit up and a very tiny smile tugged at his lips. “Really?” he asked, tone a little cautious.
“New York. Our bedroom.” Steve pressed a kiss to Tony’s skin and slid his hand up to cup his head. “JARVIS?”
Luckily, Tony only laughed at Steve’s shocked tone and shook the ring a little. “
But there would be no more playing and no more admiring of pictures. Because Jarvis was gone, and Ana had no reason to stick around any longer.
Rhodey knew Tony wasn’t serious about actually doing that, Rhodey left the room, the door slamming loudly behind him as he went. When he was gone, Tony’s entire body slumped and he fell down onto his bed, kicking his duffel to the floor. It wasn’t as though he needed it, after all. He wasn’t going anywhere.
Damn Steve for being thoughtful enough to make them all something, Tony thought. It was bad enough that he was
“Are you okay?”
There was another moment of silence before Tony let his shoulders fall, turning his head to bury himself in Steve’s neck. “I will be. Are you going for a run?”
“Yes, I can tell that much,” Tony said witheringly. He held the piece of metal up and Steve swallowed when he noticed that it wasn’t even shiny enough to catch the light as it was thrust forward. “What I would like to know is why it is in your sock drawer and not on my finger?”
Tony’s eyebrow lifted again as his mouth twisted into a cocky half-smirk, one that Steve knew all too well. But, regardless of the face that meant Tony knew something he didn’t, Steve wouldn’t back down for once. He would stand in his corner and fight for what he wanted.
His stuttering earned him a soft smile from the woman in scrubs and Tony felt something loosen ever so slightly in his chest. There was no judgment, no dark look of disappointment. He didn’t know why that’s what he’d been expecting, but to not be on the receiving end of it was a whole new feeling of relief that could have knocked him off his feet.
"That’s so cool.”
“Wow. And here I thought lead architect was impressive. Best take that out of my
He lost himself in his thoughts for a moment, only realise that he’d been silent for so long when he heard his nurse speak again.
When Andrew wrapped his arm around Steve’s shoulders and leant down for a kiss, Tony made his exit. He didn't go in the direction of his bedroom, though, heading down to the lab instead.
“They’re just going to take him somewhere where there are other birds like him. They might reunite him with his family, or maybe he’ll meet some really nice friends. But he has to go with them, because that’s the best place for him to be.”
It showed that Steve had meant something to Tony, that his love hadn’t been as entirely unrequited as Steve had cried about for so long.
Tony laughed. “I guess so. Just thought I’d warn you.”
“There are worse places I could be.”
Peter grinned up at Tony. “With cream and marshmallows.”
Tony’s voice brought Steve out of his thoughts and back into the room. He shuffled himself from the arm of the couch until he could drop down onto the cushions, envelopes crinkling below him as he sunk into the comfort of Tony’s voice washing over him.
“Peter? Hey, it’s okay. We called the right people,” Steve said softly. “They’re going to take him–”
> Tony. Answer. Your. Phone
That had finally been when he’d broken down and cried.
“Absolutely not,” was out of Tony’s mouth before he could stop himself. He could just picture the stupid thing leaving needles everywhere and who knew what was living in it. Trees had bugs, didn’t they? Aphids or something; Tony could remember his mother screaming about them before Christmas had been cancelled in their house.
Tony’s eyes shot back to his nurse, only to find her looking at the screen as she moved the wand a little more.
Tony had been gone the next week.
On those weeks, Jarvis would pull out a big, colourful globe over breakfast and point out random blobs with funny names that Tony giggled about. Apparently, that’s where his daddy was and Tony would beg Jarvis to tell him all about the places.
Tony startled so hard that he nearly fell off his chair. He looked up and swallowed. Though his heart was threatening to beat out of his chest, Tony did his best to keep it from his face. It didn’t matter, of course, because if there was one person in the world that could read Tony, it was Steve.
It should have made Tony’s heart warm, but all it did was remind Tony that he was the reason Jarvis had stayed in a house full of alcohol and screaming and anger. Had put up with the long hours and the constant yelling and the whining, crying child that was just desperate for someone to
Steve reached out and grabbed the arm of the couch for support as Tony carried on speaking.
Tony stood up and drained his coffee. “I have to get back to the lab.” He swallowed against the burn and looked up to meet his friend’s gaze. "I hope you had a lovely night with Andy.”
“Oh, Tony,” she said as she approached the bed quickly, “I thought I told you to stay out of trouble.”
Tony cocked his eyebrow instead and smirked. “Oh, yeah? Mind I remind you who is in whose apartment and who cannot find his shoes?”
“Right.” Tony nodded and took his hand away from his stomach, folding them in his lap instead. “Two copies then, please.”
“Oh, Steve, I really can.”
It was hard to comprehend. Every memory that Tony had seemed to have Jarvis in there, in one way or another. It didn’t seem real that he wouldn’t be in any more for the years to come.
“Tony,” he interrupted quickly. “Please call me Tony.”
“It’s okay. It happens. Not the first time I’ve been swiped on, I’m sure, but I must say I’ve never seen it happen right in front of my face before.” He sounded resigned, but ultimately fond. It was a very strange mix and, even if Tony didn’t look overly crushed by the rejection, Steve felt something stir in his chest.
“Huh. That’s pretty cool, actually. Isn’t it cool, Pete?”
“No,” Tony said, taking one hand off Steve’s neck as he stepped back again. When he had room, Tony reached down to his pocket-square, already feeling a rush of lust spike through him. “I meant they.”
There wasn’t a tree.
“So, I’m going to need you up on the bed please. Shuffle up so that your shoulders reach the top – yes, just like that, thank you – and shirt up around your chest. There will be a few questions I need to go over with you, but let’s see if we can find ourselves a baby, shall we?”
Steve’s voice was like a lotion, like a gentle and soothing lullaby.
“Please.” Tony was weak. He was ready to go, but he needed to know that he had Steve until the end. “Please say yes.”
Tony let out a sigh full of nerves. He wriggled a little, reminding himself over and over again that he was doing it all for the little hitchhiker in his stomach. It would all be worth it in the end – though he hoped and prayed that the external examination would be able to find the baby and that the rest of his clothes could stay on.
“God, that’s like drinking motor oil.” Steve grimaced and pushed the mug back towards Tony. “Well, that effectively ruined my morning. I’m up now.”
Steve looked up from the laptop in front of him when Tony spoke, a soft smile already on his face. He opened his mouth to say something – probably in his defence as Steve was nothing if not a workaholic – but it was as though the words died in his throat. Instead, Steve simply stared at Tony in shock, mouth falling open.
♥♥♥♥♥
Steve laughed and stepped away, blowing on his hands. He needed to either take shelter for a moment or hold something warm else he risked his fingers falling off. “Come on, Ramsay. Hot chocolate waits for no man. Let me show you my secrets.”
Steve’s grip tightened on his arm and Tony let himself be pulled back into Steve’s embrace, his arm sliding back round Tony’s waist and holding him tight.
“Hey.” Steve shuffled over to Tony, close enough that his body would register somewhere in Tony’s mind but not so close to touch and freak him out. “Hey, sunshine.”
Peter sniffed loudly, but no tears fell for which Steve was grateful. For all he was good with kids, he hated seeing them cry and Tony had hung back to talk to another member of the bird rescue team.
“Right.” Clapping his hands, Steve tore his gaze away from Tony to look to where Peter had found Sam near the tree inhabited by a stray owl. He watched as Sam cuddled him into his side, obviously realising the same thing as Steve. “Come on; I could do with a hand. You can still see the lot from the staff kitchen, so don’t worry.”
A small laugh left Tony. “No. Only one. He’s more than enough for me. I didn’t… people don’t normally ask.”
Looking to Tony a little desperately, panic was written all over Steve’s face. All Tony did was give him a smile as he passed Peter over.
Tony snorted and turned in his seat so that he was facing Steve fully. “Please don’t take my kid paintballing. He’d snap like a twig.”
Priceless, actually.
“Oh.”
the thought that had gone through his head?
“You didn’t have to wait up,” Tony said, his feet finally taking him past the threshold.
“That’s good, because
“Not exactly,” Steve admitted, blush darkening. “I have a very distant cousin with kids, but I was in the army when they were little. Now, I just take them paintballing and buy the oldest one beer.”
” Tony said again, “I’ll marry you, you stupid man.”
Tony wholeheartedly disagreed. He was by no means a tree connoisseur, but he knew what pretty meant and knew for damn sure it wasn’t the planted thing in front of them. Opening his mouth to say so, Tony looked down into Peter’s wide, pleading eyes and sighed. God, if Peter was cute as a child, then he really would have been unbearably gorgeous as a baby. Tony almost ached with the need to know what he would have been like. That was, of course, impossible, so Tony had to settle for Peter’s hand in his and fulfilling his every wish. He would do just about aything to make up for not being there – however unknowingly it had been.
It had only taken a few drunken kisses at a few loud, crowded, and not-actually-that-fun frat parties before Ty had remembered Tony’s name and asked him on a real date. Though it had all been cleverly engineered by Tony and had been all he’d wanted for a couple of months, Tony had still been shocked. He’d played it off, though, dancing his hand up and down Ty’s arm and batting his eyelashes like he knew what he was doing. Pretending to be cocky and experienced was something that Tony was quite good at; running his tongue over his bottom lip and pressing his thighs into Ty’s were moves he’d learnt from watching escorts at his dad’s galas. The tricks had served him well.
“Shouldn’t I be asking you that?” Tony said darkly. What sort of a question was that anyway? Of course he loved Steve.
Steve leant over the side of the bed as he cradled Tony’s body carefully in his hands. There was blood seeping through the bandages on Tony’s side; Steve could see that through the hospital gown they’d put Tony in. That was no doubt where the most pain was coming from, though Steve didn’t expect that the dark bruises on his face and the cuts down his arms were adding to Tony’s comfort.
Peter pointed at Tony in warning, knowing that the cameras went both ways and that Tony had an eye on him always.
After a battle, it was all that anyone needed. A few loaves of bread in the centre of the table and a mountain of pain relievers handed round with the crockery and they were set.
“Hello?” he snapped and he didn’t even have to fake the agitation for once. He was genuinely exhausted and he didn’t like to be interrupted on the verge of sleep when it happened so rarely. “Hello?”
“I want to.” It took a momentous effort for Tony to lift his head and look over at Steve, their eyes locking together almost instantly. “I want to ask you and I want to hear you say yes.”
Pulling his hand back up between them, Tony revealed that his pocket-square was actually a pair of black, lacy panties. There was a whitish stain streaked all the way across the front of them and a couple of larger patches right over the crotch.
“I clean up good, huh?”
“Hi, Tony,” Steve said with a fond roll of his eyes, laughter still clear in his tone as he settled back against the couch cushions. “What can I help you with?”
Tony blinked again, once, twice. When his tongue poked out to wet his dry mouth, a spot of blood pooling right in the middle of his bottom lip as Tony reopened a wound, Steve wanted to punch something. “I know.”
“Well, well, well. Look at this.”
“You’re going to listen to Nonno when he tells you what to do in the kitchen?”
“Thanks, Steve,” Tony said softly, “that’s kind of you.”
Tony flinched at the sharp words from one of the lawyers in the room. Right. He was going to be a Stark again. No Rogers, not anymore. He cleared his throat. “Yes?”
Steve laughed, his eyes still shut as he slipped back into sleep. “As long as they also try and find out what I was on when I asked you to marry me in the first place. I’ve been questioning that for a while.”
“Sarah?” Peggy looked concerned, her brow furrowed and her cherry-red lips downturned. “You okay, love? You didn’t come back out after the exam. Everything go alright?”
“And saved fuck knows how many citizens,” Tony interrupted angrily. “You can’t actually be mad at me for that.”
If it was going to have the added bonus of making Steve look at him like
“Oh, you two non-believers. Come on – let’s go and ask them.” Standing up suddenly, Tony took Peter with him and swung him up onto his hip. The boy’s laughter rang through the air as Tony marched them away, tears mostly forgotten as they were wiped away on Tony’s scarf and lost to peals of laughter. “Come on, Elf! I want you to hear about bird school, too.”
the man said and Tony almost jolted with the honesty in his voice. It wasn’t hidden behind bravado or cockiness, or played off as a joke.
“Not good news?”
Wow. Tony’s mind went blank when his eyes moved involuntarily and focused in on where Nurse Rogers was pointing something out on the computer screen.
It was easier said than done and suddenly, without warning and out of nowhere, tears were falling from Peter’s eyes. He never wanted to be anywhere else, never wanted to not hear his dad’s heartbeat ever again. The cold ring of his dad’s wedding ring against his upper arm grounded him more than anything else, the promise of a family never leaving him again.
Tony huffed a laugh. “Bottomless pit, this one. Is that all I’m good for?”
“This isn’t exactly my idea of a good time,” Steve said dryly, “but go on, sweetheart.”
Tony had never really understood the appeal of Christmas. Sure, it sounded like a good time and the movies always painted it as an idyllic season, but Tony had never gotten it.
no. seriously
was the slightly bemused answer,
It wasn’t a romantic declaration by any stretch, but it was something. With Tony’s soft smile and Peter’s laugh echoing in his ear, it was enough for Steve.
“Your baby. Right here.”
“Let’s let your dad sit down, hey?” Steve turned his legs into the aisle so that there was just enough room for Tony to squeeze past to the window seat. As soon as he was seated, Peter practically started vibrating in his seat.
Gathering herself, Sarah looked to the ceiling. She let go of Peggy’s hand and returned to reality, letting her nurse-persona settle back over her like a familiar coat.
onto one leg so he could lean down and grab a duffle from the floor. “Nice to meet you, Captain.”
Steve couldn’t shake the guilt and he locked his phone on Caleb’s shirtless abs and reached out.
It was definitely the thought that counted, Tony tried to tell himself as he stared down at the meagre ingredients in front of him. He had to work with what he had and what he had wasn’t much. The only tomatoes he’d had in his cupboards were the tinned kind, so the sauce wouldn’t be as good as his Mama’s when she used the fresh tomatoes from the farmer’s market they had to drive out of town for.
“Take it off?” Tony turned his head to look over at Steve as though he’d gone mad. “I’m not taking it off. Are you crazy?”
Tony let out a watery chuckle, closing his eyes and sinking into the armchair. What a fucking mess. “I don’t know why I pulled away.”
“Wait.” Steve looked up suddenly and squinted. “Why did I end up here? Thought I’d have gone home with Buck.”
“My fault, Dee,” Tony muttered, his hand shaking on the bed and leg kicking out suddenly. “I just couldn’t resist him. Could you?”
Steve wasn’t any less confused. Before he could say anything for clarification, another voice joined the conversation.
Tony had said,
Sexy, as well, apparently, if the hardness pressing against his ass was anything to go by.
Peter had seen it coming a mile off. Though Tony liked to think he was slick and subtle, Peter knew his dad. He knew his moods, knew his routines, knew the things he loved and the things he despised. He even knew what Tony looked like when he found someone attractive – though God knows Peter wished he didn’t.
“Well,” Steve said, feeling himself frown, “I’m not backing out. I like pancakes.”
“I didn’t know he liked hot chocolate.”
“Steven Grant Rogers,” he started, taking no notice of Steve’s calls for his attention, “will you–”
From then on, it had been their annual tradition to add it to the Christmas tree on Christmas Eve – though its little Santa hat had had to have been remade a few times over the years.
“I don’t have a collection,” Steve said. It wasn’t a bad idea, though, actually. He took photos of everywhere he went and kept small things like his plane tickets, but collecting souvenirs could be interesting. “What do you think I should collect?”
It wasn’t true. Of course it wasn’t true. Steve had bought Tony an entire wardrobe of gala-worthy clothes and, obviously, there were Steve’s suits to raid as well. Between them, they had hundreds of black pocket-squares, but it was so much more fun this way.
There was the smile that Steve loved so much. It was twinged with pain, that much was obvious, but it was wide and bright and it was
Ana Jarvis had a section as well, one with special Hungarian recipes that Tony had needed a lot of help to spell. He’d shown Ana one day, down in the kitchens. He’d pointed out all the best bits that he’d coloured in the colours of Hungary’s flag and Ana had started crying. Tony had been horrified and started tearing up himself before she promised him that he was a lovely little boy and she was crying because she was so very proud of him. Even as an adult, Tony remembered that he’d gotten a huge hug that night before bed and an extra special plate of lemon squares brought up to his room – made just for him!
Gone. Jarvis was gone. The only person that had ever made Tony feel as though he had a family was gone. Lying in the ground, somewhere deep beneath the earth that Tony stood on.
Nurse Rogers smiled widely, shaking her head a little. “Then let us get a baby.”
“Yeah! Da was makin’ hot chocolate and then Papa said we could watch a Christmas movie.” For all he had been a very proper little boy when he’d first moved in with Tony, he’d quickly picked up on Steve’s accent and, whenever he got very excited, his slight Brooklyn twang increased enough for him to sound like Steve’s double. It was a sign of how comfortable the child was and Tony found himself waiting impatiently to hear the drawn-out vowels.
“Even then,” Steve answered, loving the feeling of Tony’s pulse thrumming beneath his hand. There was still an anger dancing through him, simmering just below the surface and not quite ready to cool down to nothing, but it could be pushed down for a little longer. “That’s an everyday thing with you, unfortunately. And I love it.”
“Whatever you want.” Tony watched Peter out of the corner of his eye, the way that he winced when he reached for a fresh vegetable in the middle of the table and how he moved gingerly with his eyes narrowed into slits. “How bad is it?”
“Of course, darling,” Nurse Rogers continued smoothly, as though nothing had happened out of the ordinary. She seemed like the sort of person that could never be fazed by anything, and Tony already admired her.
As soon as he’d finished talking, Peter hurtled into the room, running straight over to the couch and throwing himself onto May. Tony couldn’t even find it in himself to tell him off with the strength of his smile and the happiness practically radiating off him, though he did grab May’s mug from her quickly.
“Sorry, dude. You,” Tony sighed and rolled onto his back, “you sound like a nice guy, but Nat’s careful.”
Though his tone was light, Tony knew what he meant. It was no secret that Tony was physically weaker and a hell of a lot more human than Steve was and was therefore struggling more with the lack of regular nourishment that came with being held hostage.
“No.” Tony didn’t turn around, hand already on the door handle. “This was a bad idea. Anything else we say will be on record and with a lawyer present.”
Before he answered, Tony looked up at Steve. His gaze was calculating and Steve felt as though he was being tested somehow. “If Steve’s sure,” Tony said eventually, eyes still guarded but with a smile finally creeping onto his face.
“Tony–”
“Hi.” Tony took a sip of his tea and nearly gagged. Cold, cold, cold. “Meeting over?”
“And these,” Tony lifted the panties again, chuckling when Steve’s eyes darted back to them, “well, these are just so perfect.”
“Daddy says he looks like my eyes.”
It felt as though they’d been living separate lives, each heading down paths that took them away from each other instead of them walking side by side.
Nurse Rogers smiled at Tony over her shoulder. “I think that would be lovely, Tony. Three copies coming up.”
“I can’t say his name,” Sarah said, reaching out behind her to guide herself down to the chair. Her legs weren’t strong enough to stand just yet. “But he’s, he must have been with my Steve.”
“Nope, it was all on you.” Steve shook his head before he winced almost violently and threw a hand up to his face. “Okay, don’t move your head,” he muttered to himself lowly, voice deliciously husky. “Bad idea. Bad, bad idea.”
” Tony’s voice finally came and Peter didn’t think he’d ever smiled so widely.
“Oh.” Tony’s gaze raked over Steve from the hat on his head to the bells on his toes. “That’s a real shame.”
“Tony….”
Tony set the paper towels down on the edge of the bed and wriggled to do up the button of his jeans. It was already a bit of a struggle and he dreaded having to go shopping for new clothes.
“It’s cheap,” Steve finally said, shoulders slumping a little. It was a poor excuse, but pride was one of his downfalls. Especially when it came to those he loved.
The smile Peter gave him was brilliant, full of childlike wonder and innocence. “You been on planes before?”
Tony could almost feel Steve’s frown through the cell as he lifted it back to his ear and heard Steve’s confused voice.
“Um. I don’t –” Steve leant up and peered over the seat, only to find both chairs on both of Peter’s sides empty.
Hiding his smile, Tony pointed his teaspoon towards the fridge. “Make yourself useful and grab the cream for these, will you? May brought some of the decent stuff with her.”
With his shirt up around his chest and back lying flat against the bed, it was clear to see that there was already a bump forming over his stomach. It was one that Tony knew wouldn’t be able to be blamed on takeaway and cheap beer, despite Tony’s best efforts. There was also a horrible feeling that Tony shouldn’t be there on his own.
“This one?” Tony frowned as a breeze shook the already-patchy tree and a barrage of pine needles fell to the floor. “Are you sure? You don’t want a nice no-needle one?”
Tony’s grin turned wolfish. “Oh, I do like a man in uniform. Not that I’ve ever seen a man in
Tony smiled at the look on Steve’s face. Everyone knew how much Steve hated dressing up and having to put on suits to battle with ties and cuff links. If Tony had had the chance, their first date would have been at some family-run diner where the dress code was jeans and sneakers, maybe a blazer if they were feeling slightly adventurous. They’d have their own meals and then Steve would still be hungry but Tony wouldn’t, so Steve would order a dessert that he’d let Tony pick at when he pouted because it looked so good and he should have ordered one.
The silence that followed that was quite worrying. Just as Steve was about to backtrack and bumble his way out of the situation, Tony cleared his throat. Though his eyes were still on his son, his words were very obviously meant for Steve.
“She’d have been proud, you know.” May reached over and squeezed Tony’s knee. They had forgone the alcohol in their mugs in the end, but May didn’t seem to need it as she levelled Tony with a
“Thanks, again. For the pizza and the couch.”
The medical centre was never dark. There was always a light on somewhere and Steve hated it. There weren’t enough windows for him to be able to work out what time it was naturally and the artificial lights gave him a headache. He hadn’t even thought it was possible for him to have a headache, but that’s where he was.
“What was that?”
“Just checking,” Tony said, shrugging lightly. “It wouldn’t be the first time someone has backed out.”
Peter sighed. He worked on carefully dicing his whole pepper before he spoke again. “Bad. I can’t go home. No one can see these injuries. They’re already questioning me and this will push them over the edge of kicking me out.”
“I promise!” Peter threw his arms around Tony’s neck and squeezed him tight. “Thank you.”
When Peter fell quiet and went back to playing with his stuffed toy, Tony gritted his teeth in determination. It was still early in the day. There was plenty of time to get a tree.
Turning back to his drinks, Tony laughed when he heard a cackling scream from the direction of the living room that could only have come from Peter.
“Definitely a bonus,” Steve said with a smile of his own.
“Oh, Sarah.”
“Thank you.” There were more questions running through Tony’s brain than he’d ever had before. If he tried to go through them all, they’d probably be there until he went into labour. Or the kid would have already had their first birthday, celebrating it in a doctor’s office with Tony still running through his questions about the damn pregnancy. “I’m sure I’ll think of something. All the leaflets are in this pack?”
Steve said and Tony laughed loudly at the clearly audible smirk.
“Pretty sure.”
By the time their mugs were empty, Peter was yawning in Tony’s arms with a cold nose pressed against Tony’s neck. The owl was still in the tree as the rescue team assessed the best way to get it out, their own mugs of hot chocolate warming their cheeks and hands.
“He said he had practice until late today. Got a game on Saturday. Quite a big one, I think. He said he’d be busy until then. And might stay over – it’s an away match.”
“You go,” Tony said, not wanting to look up and show Rhodey his watery eyes. He was just being a baby. Ty was going to text him. He’d said so, hadn’t he?
It was hard to hear much with the wind whipping around his ears and the Christmas music still playing through the speakers and projecting across the lot, but Tony fell quiet and waited. Just as he was about to speak again, he heard something.
“So, what did happen last night?” Steve asked through a yawn, which quickly turned into a groan.
“You better not.”
“No.” Tony swallowed harshly. Of course Steve wanted the beautiful girl. “No, they moved on somewhere else pretty quickly. Tash went with them, but you stayed with us. Said you didn’t trust me to wander off.”
“Alright then, babe. This one it is. You stay here and watch it and I’ll go get someone to help.”
“Hi,” he returned cautiously. He tried to look discreetly over the chairs to see if Tony was awake, but Peter caught him.
Tony winced as he tried to sit up, Steve surging forward to help him. Smacking Steve’s hand away lightly, Tony kept his eyes on his son.
“This one,” Peter repeated, bottom lip pushed out ever so slightly as his shoulders fell. “Please, Tony, I love this one. It’s so pretty.”
“Shit. I feel like death warmed up.”
“I’d like that.” Peter sniffed a little and let out a muffled curse. “Well. I’m done with these. Can I help you make the bread?”
Actually, it was a surprise. He’d thought that Tony and his son had already boarded a different plane… oh. That probably hadn’t been true and more of a gentle lie on Tony’s part to save Steve’s face from permanently resembling a tomato.
“What?” Tony pushed himself up onto his elbow. “You’re meant to be out with Andrew, aren’t you? I thought you had a whole night planned. He’s been talking about it for a while.”
Looking to Peter, Tony’s gaze settled on the tree that he was pointing at. It was… a tree. That was the only way that Tony could describe it. It was nothing more than three times the height of Peter and probably only about his width. Though it had a lot of branches, it wasn’t very lush as most of them were quite straggly. Actually, that maybe wasn’t such a bad thing as Tony didn’t actually know how many baubles he’d ordered in his blind panic to get something,
The book had taken him years to complete. Tony had started it as a young boy when Jarvis had bought him an empty journal for his fourth birthday. For the first few years of its existence, Tony had hidden it under his bed just in case Howard ever entered his room and caught sight of it.
“No.” Tony laughed. “But it’s nice to dream. He’s definitely the boss.”
Some of them had animals that Tony had never, ever seen, not even at the big zoo. When his daddy got home from those trips, he never wanted to tell Tony about what he’d seen, though. He was usually too busy packing for the next place, but it was okay, because that meant that Tony got to watch Jarvis spin the big globe again and learn about somewhere new.
It was Steve’s turn to frown. “Peter, obviously. Unless you have another child somewhere.”
“You can watch him grow,” Peggy said in her gentle and soothing lilt. “That’s more than nothing, Sarah.”
Peter’s eyes nearly bulged out of his head. When Tony had gotten the call from May to pick Peter up for Christmas he’d wondered – and worried – privately whether Peter was too old for the magic of Christmas. Luckily, he seemed to still enjoy every aspect of it and believe just as fiercely as any other very young child Tony had met.
Tony replied, twisting out of the way in time and firing a repulsor behind him to the enemy.
The smile he got in return was wide and somehow even brighter and, when he looked over to Tony, it was matched there. Holy shit. Steve had known that Tony was an attractive man – he had
“That’s me.” Tony’s voice was husky with disuse, cracking on each short word and virtually unrecognisable.
“Please, Steve,” he begged, “love this story. Finish? Please?”
child, who was quite probably the most important thing in their entire world. It was as if Tony was resigned to his fate to be alone or left at the bottom of the dating pile.
Tony looked up from the tree label he’d been looking at to locate Peter’s voice. “Which one?”
When Tony walked over to his son, he almost missed the tree completely. “Where?”
He felt like a broken record. He’d been telling himself the same thing since it had happened. Saying it in the mirror, telling the tiles in the shower before he went to bed, even whispering it into the darkness of a silent hospital room.
Peter had an apartment just a few blocks away from the Avengers Tower provided by SHIELD, but he still made a point of staying at his dad’s for one night a week. It was just their thing and Peter didn’t want to give it up. Even as an adult, he looked forward to spending that time with his dad and feeling like a little kid again. It had just been the two of them for so many years that there was no way either of them were prepared to go their separate ways. So, one night a week Peter and Tony did something together.
That mantra started to lose its effect when someone had dropped a cup of piping-hot hot chocolate down his leg and had gotten even weaker when a literal fight had broken out over a Christmas tree that hadn’t even been one of the more popular varieties.
Giving over the control willingly, Tony let his eyes fall closed and sank into the kiss. All too soon, he heard his final alarm go off to remind him to finish getting ready before their car arrived and pulled himself out of the kiss. He felt his lips tingle and knew they would be a bright red that wouldn’t go down quickly. Everyone at the gala would only have to look at him once to know he’d been kissed deeply and thoroughly just before they left the house.
and Tony was still feeling the aches. Was that normal? How was he supposed to know? Surely it wasn’t meant to feel like that every time.
“Keep that terror entertained,” Tony said, pulling a face at Peter to make him giggle, “and I’ll buy you all the coffee you could ever want.”
Following her blindly, Tony was pleased to note that the examination room was nicer than the waiting room. He felt less like the was waiting for the gallows with the brighter colours and a colourful curtain around a surprisingly comfortable-looking bed.
“Then why – why did you make me think…”
Steve laughed lightly, though Tony could feel his worried gaze boring into the side of his head when he looked down for a moment.
“Did you change your mind?” There was a moment of utter panic before Tony spoke again, words even louder with more force. “Was – was it for someone else?”
“Oh, I’m sure,” Steve said. He leant forward until his lips were brushing Tony’s, mirroring their position from earlier but with Steve towering over Tony instead and Tony not resisting in the slightest. “You’re my good boy, aren’t you?”
“And don’t think you’re getting out of it, either,” Natasha said to him. “Steve is already down there with Thor. They could do with a third. A mediator of sorts.”
The chains that were holding Steve’s arms stretched above his head and locked to the wall were hefty with massive links that could clearly withstand even Captain America’s extreme strength. They’d tried them enough times to know that was true. The metal seemed to have some sort of coating on as well, a substance that was cutting into Steve’s wrists and leaving thick, red welts with every sharp movement.
Divorce had always been a scary word to Tony.
“You are.” Peter’s voice was choked and he barely registered moving up onto the bed until Tony’s arm was suddenly around him and Peter’s head was on Tony’s hideously cold chest. “You are, dad, I swear.”
Christmas Party and thrown away an hour after the last guest had left. Walking through the tree lot, Tony found himself quickly overwhelmed.
He really didn’t want to think about it.
“Tony!” Steve shot up when Tony collapsed onto his side with his face screwed up in pain, hands clutching his stomach just above his left hip. “Hey, hey, baby, I’ve got you. Sit up, come on.”
“I know, love. Come on.” As she got closer to the bed, she stretched out her hands. “Let’s get you back into bed, huh? We’ll lie you down and, oh, Tony.” She stopped short as she saw the mass of blood spreading across Tony’s side. Turning her gaze towards Steve, she furrowed her brow disapprovingly. “I thought I told you no strenuous activity?”
Steve lifted his eyes to the ceiling. Blowing out a long breath, he took in the chipped paint right in the corner of the room. They really needed to do something about that. It could be added to the list along with the leaky faucet in the kitchen, the creak on the landing, and the front door that needed to be kicked in just the right place to shut it properly.
No one should ever feel that way about a child. About
“No, you didn’t forget anything important,” Tony said with a weak chuckle.
“Where’s mine?”
“I could read,” Steve said carefully. “Have you got a book?”
Pregnant. Having-a-baby sort of pregnant. Not that there was any other way to be pregnant, but still. It was real. Definitely and a thousand percent real.
Sarah felt Peggy hurry across the room and then her warm embrace was wrapped around her. Leaning back into the hold, Sarah reached up and held Peggy’s wrist.
Tony couldn’t sleep without some sort of noise in the background and, though Steve despised having anything other than silence in the room, he had gotten far too used to falling asleep with the television on or a radio station talking at him. Although, Steve reminded himself bitterly, it wasn’t as if Tony needed it to be playing as he slept away peacefully, his face not twitching in his sleep for once. There was nothing stopping Steve from grabbing the remote and turning off the annoying-cheerful people laughing on his screen.
“Hey,” Nurse Rogers said and Tony looked up at her. “We trust you, okay? It’s ultimately up to you what you do throughout your pregnancy. Only you know what your baby needs. As long as you follow the broad rules and listen to your doctor, then we’re going to have ourselves a wonderfully easy pregnancy and a perfectly healthy little one.”
The nurse’s smile was impossibly gentle when she answered with a soft; “yeah. I know.”
Of course he hadn’t. Tony wet his lips, trying to muster up his usual bravado. “Nothing much to say,” he said, tone falling a little flat. “Sounds like it’s all been decided.”
The huff that Tony gave was really more for show than anything else as Steve poked out his tongue at him. (The eye roll that that earned was much more genuine.)
“About 3 hours,” Steve replied, face falling. He put his newspaper down and fixed Tony with a concerned look. “You really need to go back to bed.”
“Hey, buttercup.” Tony didn’t turn to see the woman at his side, though he sagged into the arm that was wrapped around his waist. “Thanks for coming.”
“I’ve got it, thanks. Well practiced in juggling, believe it or not.” Tony’s smile grew into a bright grin.
“What?”
Tony startled and let out an angry huff of air when he heard Steve’s voice from behind him. Perching on the edge of the mattress, Tony twisted to glare at his husband.
With that in mind, even when it seemed as though the whole of SHIELD had done their best to hide what was happening right under his nose, Peter had proof that he wasn’t an idiot. He knew full well that his dad and Captain America – yes,
“What?”
Tony sighed happily when the pie was in, his eyes falling closed when Steve swapped from biting to sucking a deep bruise just above his pulse point. “Long enough.”
“Mm.” Steve wrapped his hand around Tony’s waist and tugged him impossibly closer. “Gorgeous.”
“You look ready to me,” Steve said as lightly as he could, focussing on stirring away the last lump of powder in one of the mugs.
“It will all be okay, love. Tony will tell him.”
“No, I don’t think that’s real,” Steve said with a wink in Peter’s direction.
There had been so much in the previous night’s events that Tony had longed for for months on end. It was as though all of his dreams had come true and things were finally going to fall into place. Except, apparently, they weren’t.
“You started it!”
“Thank you,” she whispered, voice thick with tears. She could feel them gathering in her eyes and she blinked rapidly, trying in vain to stop them from spilling down her cheeks. It wasn’t her problem to cry about, she tried to tell herself, wasn’t her place to even know what was happening to that poor man.
Of course Steve didn’t want to admit it. He could feel his blood boiling as it coursed through his veins, taking with it searing-hot anger. He was surprised that his skin wasn’t a bright red or that it didn’t hurt to touch.
Making his pasta bake was an excuse to throw everything in his cupboards into the mixture. A hundred different varieties of cheese for the topping, ground beef and sausages for the filling and whatever vegetables he found in the back of the fridge to make the meal just a tiny bit healthy. Tony loved to make it, loved to spend an entire afternoon shaping each piece of pasta if he really wanted to get out of his head. Experimenting with different sauces was his favourite – a tomato sauce for a rainy Sunday afternoon, a cheese sauce for an evening in front of the television, a mushroom and white wine sauce for a romantic evening in.
“Really,” Tony said. He’d only been a dad, – well, only
Tony didn’t even try to hide emotion he felt, letting his face show what his heart was telling him for once, as he threw himself across the room and into Steve’s waiting arms.
“JARVIS?” Steve kept his voice quiet as he called out for the AI, trying not to disturb Tony and startle him even more.
The dry comment made Steve laugh. “I just don’t get it. How do I not get it?”
“Nope,” Tony said, pulling the comforter over himself again as he got comfortable, Steve’s laughter in his ear. “You’ve lost me.”
Peter hated being alone. They’d discovered that pretty quickly after he’d moved into the tower with the rest of the team and had all started going almost out of their way to ensure that Peter didn’t have to suffer by himself. It wasn’t exactly a hardship for Steve to sketch in the communal living room instead of his bedroom, or for Sam and Bucky to train on the mats in the middle of the gym whilst Peter ran laps around the edge to get out of his own head.
“Then why the hesitation?” Christ. Nurse Rogers really could have been a therapist.
that it was going somewhere bad, but hindsight is everything. “Hey, kid, come here–”
Peter’s little forehead furrowed as he thought the question over, obviously very seriously. “‘Atues.”
All in an argument that Peter couldn't remember. It can't have been important, can't have been real. It would have been childish anger, a spur of the moment insult in a stupid, meaningless fight.
“I’m sorry, Tones.”
Tony snorted. “Gone are the days of drinking booze at Christmas and getting a roaring hangover to wake up to on Boxing Day, hey?”
Jarvis hadn’t even seemed that old. Tony supposed that he must have been, but he was always so youthful in Tony’s eyes. Maybe that was because he was forever running around after a mischievous Tony and that was bound to keep someone young and fit.
special favourite,” Peter said with a nod. “What’s yours?”
“It’s Valentine’s Day.”
That was a good point. Steve smiled and held out his right hand for the offered drink, well away from Peter.
Jokes were never funny if they had to be explained, just like passion was never there if it had to be told about. It was clear that it had been a drunken thing and a drunken thing only. Tony would only look desperate if he tried to convince Steve what they’d done, or look like a liar if he claimed that Steve had promised him a sober fuck.
“Gee, thanks.” Steve yawned widely, arms above his head. The borrowed blanket that he’d had over himself slipped down and Tony couldn’t stop his gaze from wandering, eyes settling on the expanse of tanned, muscled chest. “Fuck, what the hell did I drink?”
Tony couldn’t help the humourless laugh that passed his lips. “Ironic,” he muttered and the nurse’s brow furrowed.
“It looked like it!” Tony smiled down at Peter who was looking up at him. “Want another one?”
Tony held Steve’s gaze as he settled fully onto the bed, clutching his drink to his chest as though Steve was going to snatch it away at any moment.
It was something so simple, but made with so much care.
“Steve,” Tony gasped out, one hand darting to curl into Steve’s thick jacket. “Steve, don’t leave me. I’m sorry, ouch,
“What’s this?”
“Good.”
“Think my kid’s found a tree,” Tony said, straightening up a little and face brightening into something more friendly than flirty. “Need you to chop it down if you don’t mind, Buddy.”
Tony huffed a self-depreciating laugh. “Oh, yeah. Yeah, I’m very good at that.”
After a long moment, he licked his lips. Shit. He was having a
Steve swallowed when Tony’s eyebrows lifted. When another moment passed in silence, Tony’s eyebrows lifted even higher. “Well?”
The silence answered Tony’s question better than any words ever could.
“Oi, Spider-kid.”
Tony. I’m calling you
Steve stopped talking when Tony cut across him. God, when had they gotten so bad at communication? What had broken between them, or when?
“But they heal everything else.” Tony beckoned Peter over before he turned back to the stovetop. “How do you feel?”
Even when it started to rain some days after the little hand started to move past the number 4 on Tony’s watch and all of Tony’s school-teachers had to lock the doors and go home, it was okay that no one had come to pick Tony up. One of the nice ladies from school was always kind enough to bundle a wet Tony into their car and try and give him a big smile in the rear-view mirror. Tony tried to tell himself that it was okay that his daddy never remembered about him, when his teeth chattered and his wet socks made his toes feel like ice.
The worst father ever. He had actually let those words pass his lips and his dad might never have heard him take them back.
“Yeah,” Steve said, walking into the room and standing by the table. “The exhibition for your new product. It was last night?”
“Of course we can, silly. That’s why we’re here. We need to get the biggest and the best, yeah?”
“No, mom.” Tony sighed deeply and ran his fingers over the leaves of a fake plant sitting on a plinth next to the downstairs phone. He’d always hated the thing, but for some reason it was suddenly drawing him in.
Honestly, Steve couldn’t have recited the plot if there had been money riding on it. “Yeah, Great. You should watch it – if you get the chance, you know? If Peter… I don’t think it was kid-friendly, but, you – yeah. Was good.” Why couldn’t Steve stop talking?
“What?”
Suddenly, Steve was off like a shot and, with a loud squeal, Peter dashed away too. His laughed screams were heard throughout the house as Steve chased him for a Christmas kiss.
Tony looked over at Steve with a furrowed brow. “Hm?”
Who was going to chase after him now? There would be no pushback when Tony stole a fresh cookie from the cooling rack, or no playful eye rolls when Tony ‘borrowed’ Jarvis’s apron for his experiments. It wasn’t a nice thought.
“That is so not the point, Steven,” Tony snapped back. Really, Steve hadn’t needed to ask. Ever since they’d first gotten together, Tony had had something of a penchant for Steve’s clothes, even ones as boring as socks. “Answer my question.”
Yes, Steve was smug, but Tony figured he was allowed to be. After all, it was him that had dressed Tony to look as though he had just stepped off a catwalk and would be the one parading round with him on his arm. Tony couldn’t help the rush of pride that stirred something within him.
“No,” Tony said. That was all he was going to share, he told himself. He didn’t know this woman and she didn’t know him. There was no need to say anything more. “He doesn’t know. That I’m here, I mean. Or that there’s a reason for me to be here in the first place.”
What was really fucking Steve up was the way that Tony was with Peter. Obviously he would be paternal and loving, but it smacked Steve in the face. Why did it matter to him if someone was a good dad or not? Why did he get affected by a stranger being sweet with a child that he had no connection to?
Finally, a tiny giggle escaped Peter and Tony blew out a long breath of relief. “That’s not real.”
“Alright, Tony. Bladder full?”
When Peter nodded, Tony stood up, his back hunched to avoid the plane’s low ceiling. “Daddy needs the toilet and then I’ll sort you out with a little breakfast snack. Are you coming?”
“I left him.” Tony hated the words that left his mouth, however true they were. “I don’t even know why, but I did. Things were serious and I loved him. I wasn’t sure how he felt about me, I don’t think. That might have been it.”
And what was that supposed to mean?
“They just wouldn’t be right,” Tony said on a deep sigh, a slight pout to his lips but a sparkle in his eyes. “I wouldn’t want my outfit to be anything less than perfect for you tonight, baby.”
Tony’s face broke into a grin again and Steve couldn’t help but return it, feeling an awful lot like he’d won something special.
again.”
Without tearing his eyes away from Steve’s, Tony dropped his keys somewhere to his left, where he vaguely knew there was a table ready and waiting.
Nurse Rogers laughed lightly and Tony couldn’t be mad. “No, darling. Just couldn’t help but see the look on your face.”
“Then I’m fine,” Tony said. He wasn’t, not by a long shot, but he would be. He was sure of it. One day. “Thank you again.”
Peter’s lower lip wobbled dangerously. “So he hasn’t got a mommy or a daddy? Where are they?” He sniffed, whole body bouncing with the movement. “Did they leave him?”
“Pardon?”
Looking up from where he was squatted at the base of the tree, Sam’s face split into a grin at the sight of Peter. “Hey, guys. We’re just about to get the little guy out, actually. You sticking around to watch?”
“Sounds like me. Was right, though, wasn’t I? You needed me.”
Steve laughed and tucked the bag under his arm to pick up the tray of mugs he’d left on the side. “I hope not. That would be bad for business.”
. “I know you weren’t ever that serious when you were together, but she always spoke of you fondly and I want you to know. Yes,” she added with a roll of her eyes, sitting back and fluffing up the cushion behind her, “just like I do every year. I don’t care how many times I’ll say it, though. She would have been so proud.”
Tony sniffed.
It had all fallen on deaf ears, though. Even when Steve’s hand had cupped his neck or Steve had kissed the crown of his head and said that of course he hadn’t meant. None of it had mattered and none of it would ever matter until Tony had woken up and Peter could say it to the only person that
“Hey, you.” Tony tapped Peter on the head and Peter craned his neck to look up at him. “Be nice to your new friend. Don’t be mean because he’s rubbish at dinosaurs.”
“Look at this one!” Peter stopped and tugged at Tony’s hand. The tree he’d halted by was nearly ten times his size and a bright green.
Steve felt tears well up in his eyes and the urge to stand up and grab the phone got even stronger. He wished that he had the strength to stop the recording from playing, but he knew that he wanted to do the stupid thing of calling Tony back to beg him to come home even more.
“Wouldn’t even blame you,” May said on another laugh, cheeks flushed as though she’d had a small tipple already. “Although I’m more partial to vodka, if you wouldn’t mind.”
The logic and the explanation were a little flawed, but Steve thought he understood. Part of him wanted to pry, wanted to learn everything he could about Tony. Though it had only been a few hours since they’d met, Steve couldn’t get the man off his mind.
Peter startled and let out a loud laugh when Tony cursed loudly at the sound of a new voice cutting in over the comms. “Yeah, Steve? You like that?”
“Of course you will,” Tony answered, sliding his free hand over Steve’s chest, plucking at his shirt buttons. Taking advantage of their height difference, Tony leant forward and pressed his lips to Steve’s throat. He moved his lips up and over Steve’s pulse point, gradually kissing his way up to the apple of Steve’s cheek. “Because you have to get through the night to get to the ending.”
“You cold, babe? Let’s go home.”
“You ready to go yet? We still have to decorate the tree. The rest of the stuff should have been delivered by now and we can put a film on.”
Tony laughed loudly. “Oh, man. Not a regular around squirts, I take it?”
Seeing it on a screen wasn’t enough either. Tony wanted to reach out, to trace the tiny image with his fingers and try and feel what little extra he couldn’t inside of him.
“Okay.”
“Do you love me?”
“I’m pregnant.”
written on right in the very centre of the tree, and then two snowmen with
“Oh, God. Please don’t call me that.” Steve hadn’t needed further proof that Tony had actually seen his profile, but that would have been the convincer. The last-minute decision to include his college football photo had clearly been a mistake, if Tony’s wink was anything to go by. Halfway out of his chair, Steve hovered a bit awkwardly. “Can I help you with that? I can grab a bag.”
“He’s a pest,” Tony shot back, but the smile on his face and the way that he reached out to run his hand through Peter’s hair told a different story. “He likes you.”
You can taste it in the crust. Let me just redo the pastry.”
Peter couldn't even remember why he'd said it, anymore. They must have been arguing. Now that he was older, Peter and Tony had gotten quite good at arguing, at disagreeing with nearly everything the other did. Steve tried to act as a middle man between them, but even he struggled to keep the peace sometimes. It wasn't unusual for Peter to yell in anger, though it was uncommon for him to speak without thinking. And he must have done when he let those words pass his lips.
Tony would be sent back to boarding school and communication with his parents would only dwindle without Jarvis there to force a weekly phone call. There’d be no care packages, no photographs of Jarvis’s blooming garden. There’d be no freshly-baked lemon squares for when Tony got home and no more hugs that made Tony feel as though he was literally being stitched back together.
Peter gasped loudly. “We can’t pick another one! Mr. Sam says that it must be a bird. We have to help it.”
“Good,” Tony said, resting a hand on Peter’s back for a moment and then straightening his hat. God, he was clucky, he realised with a laugh. “Come on, then.”
“Naughty Philip. Are you hungry?”
“You wanna colour, Steve? It’s fun. You can have the red, if you want.”
“Peter,” Steve clarified. “Will the time difference mess him up?”
Tony’s eyes closed as he squeezed Peter back. He could be a parent. Could be a parent with bells on. “You’re welcome, babe. Right, where’s this owl?”
“Let’s get going then. Oh, look! I think I can see an elf. Reckon that’s who we have to talk to?”
“Yeah, you look freezing,” Sam said, an ever-present grin on his face despite being bundled up like a snowman with a shining nose poking out above his scarf. “Go inside and warm up for a bit. I can manage out here – this is the quietest afternoon we’ve had all season.”
Like he ever could.
Peter knew how Tony acted when they were alone, when it was just the two of them and they could goof around and tease each other, and he knew how Tony acted when they were in public. The two personas were also very different to how Tony was when he was around someone that he liked, and Peter knew all of the versions up close and personally. Regardless of what the media thought was the truth, Peter knew intimately how diverse they all were.
“And that’s my boy,” Sarah said, “my love. That’s what’s he needs. Tony’ll see that Steve is right for him and their,” her voice broke and Peggy squeezed her hand tightly, “for their baby.”
With a fond shake of his head, Tony grabbed his and May’s mugs – after adding a healthy dollop of cream to each of them – and headed into the living room to find May at their mantelpiece. She’d obviously been looking at their photos lined up there, but turned with a bright smile when Tony placed their drinks onto the coffee table.
Eyes widening at Steve’s question, Peter squeezed Steve’s hands again. “Pancakes. Do they have pancakes?”
Oh, God. Despite knowing it was all in vain, Steve ducked his head and willed his blush away.
“Captain, I’m going to need you to lean back. Just for a moment,” she tacked on when Tony groaned and pressed himself further into Steve. “Just to get Tony lying down, and then he’ll be all yours.”
“One of the worst, I’d say.” The smile that he got for that warmed the toes that Steve had thought had fallen off with frostbite long ago. “Must be a benefit or two, though.”
The room was empty and white with cheap plastic chairs that squeaked on the bleached floor. There were posters covering every available wall, stuck up with cheap tape. Some had probably been bright once upon a time, but were now faded from the sun streaming through open windows. Others were ripped and curling up at the edges, hiding whatever words were printed on the bottom inch.
“You wanna read?”
Steve didn’t mind his job.
Taking a moment to enjoy the peace and to will down the emotions threating to spill up and out of him, Tony let out a long breath. He pressed his palms against the cool surface of the work station and revealed in the feeling against his overheated skin. He was going to need a minute. Or two.
Biting down on his smile, Tony swung his and Peter’s hands. “I think so, kid. Must mean they’re Santa’s very own trees. How cool is that?”
“Papa!” Peter cried, rolling off the couch and dashing over to Steve. “He’s the tallest!”
With a nod, Tony took it. “Looks like those football skills stuck with you, Cap. Thanks.” He offered a quick salute with the toy before he hefted Peter up a little higher and stuck the paw of the toy in his mouth. From between gritted teeth, he spoke, voice light. “Safe travels, Cap.”
“Just sign it,” Tony cut in quickly, harshly. “I’m not having another meeting.”
And if definitely wasn’t a problem for Tony to dig out the recipe books that had been sent to him after their cook had passed away and flick through them to find an old Italian favourite that would take him a good couple of hours to perfect.
“What I said.” Peter felt like a child again, like a terrified kid who was convinced that there was a monster under his bed. Only now, the monster was real and it had put his dad in hospital. “I didn’t mean it, dad. I swear.”
“Come on through, love. Let’s get you checked out.”
Tony couldn’t keep a straight face. He reached over quickly and deposited his mug onto his bedside table, wanting instead to shuffle down the bed and curl up against Steve’s side. “You’re a prick.”
Tony grinned, fingers tightening on the phone when Steve’s voice dropped a little. “I don’t know. Depends what time you go to bed.”
Tony couldn’t stop his smile, which only grew when Steve brushed a kiss to the apple of his cheek.
“God, you’re such a child,” he said, even as his tone belied his fondness. He softened a little and dropped his gaze to a slight rip at the bottom of his thick, woollen sweater. “I know we couldn’t possibly compare with the wonders of France, but my folks really want to meet you. If you ever have a spare weekend, or you decide that actually I’m right and that France has nothing on Philly, then you’re welcome to come stay with me, kid.”
“Ready!” Peter chirped, stretching out his hand for Tony to hand over the small decoration he’d plucked from the mantelpiece.
A child that appeared to be missing.
Peter smiled widely, fingers flying over the keys as his mind finally clicked onto the last piece of the puzzle needed to take down the enemy. “No, dad, I don’t mind. Two dads actually sounds pretty great to me.”
His daddy loved him, even if he didn’t know how to show it.
“Then why should you be here?” Steve didn’t reply and Tony furrowed his brow. “Steve, you’re not making any sense.”
