"I just meant... I umm I just mean that I Ummm…." Cas stuttered, unable to form the words he needed to say here.
Dean started to feel hopeful, which wasn't a feeling he experienced often. Anytime he let himself hope, he was only met with disappointment in the past. He already ever let himself think that something good might happen to him because if he did, he might just end up even more disappointed.
"Ummm, Sami!" Jack answered.
"So... it's like night vision goggles?"
"Yeah, I Capiche. Your secrets are always safe with me, Dean."
Sleeping with Cas would definitively ruin him for anyone else, but Dean wanted to make that leap. He was more than ready to have Castiel ruin him in any way the ex-angel saw fit to do so.
Castiel shifted his gaze to the floor of the cave. "It's... it's not that simple, Dean." He muttered back in response.
Castiel frowned.
"We should probably go ahead and get started on the research. Who knows how long it will take us to find a counterspell." Sami suggested.
An uncomfortable silence filled the small room while the two men just stared at one another. Dean still had anger in his eyes, but for a brief second, Castiel thought he saw a flicker of regret or maybe even sadness in his expression before it returned to one of frustration.
"Do I really need to explain my reasoning to you?" Castiel asked, starting to get annoyed at the Archangel's ignorance." You got what you wanted. I made my choice. Now your practice can still exist under whatever ethical guidelines you claim to have a rule over you."
"Castiel, there are only two options to protect you from the Empty. I cannot rightfully or ethically send you into a situation that would bring you harm." Chamuel cut him off.
, it's not my place to disclose any of Castiel's secrets to you. This isn't a courtroom and each of you get to reveal your own information to eachother at your own leisure."
"So, are those two always like that or...?" Dean asked the female angel.
"Whose safety are you talking about? The Winchesters?"
Dean shook his head ."Nope! No clue who you are dude!"
However, apparently, even in his dreams, Dean couldn't quite escape this place.
"I AM CALM" Dean yelled.
"GAME? YOU THINK THIS IS A FREAKING GAME?" Dean yelled, standing up to his feet.
"And who the hell is this guy, and why is there suddenly enough men in my bunker to form a freaking fraternity? I don't appreciate this much testosterone." Deanna exclaimed.
Dean began going around to each door and try to open each one. None would budge. He sighed, annoyed at being stuck in another weird part of this cave, but on the upside, this room at least had some decent lighting. A few lanterns hung around the room on the cave walls, each one spaced evenly out between each of the doors. In the dead center of the room hung a small chandelier that seemed to match the lanterns' aesthetic quite well.
Dean instantly regretted actually saying his snarky comment out loud. He instantly wished he had just kept his mouth shut because of the gloomy look it brought to Castiel's face which was currently heart-wrenching. The only comparison Dean could think of for how Cas currently looked was a puppy who had just been kicked repeatedly.
So why was Misha still alive now? Was this some alternate alternate universe? One where Misha lived and Dean and Sam didn't visit? So it was either that or he was transported to the same universe but at an earlier time so that Misha was still alive? So many questions, and it was overwhelming Castiel, but he tried to suppress the urge to panic. Panicking would probably not go over well with this crowd.
downfall. He picked up the card at the top of the deck and was saw that the design from yesterday had changed. It was different this time. A lot more blue and a lot more stars. Dean was also shocked to see his own name written in the text on the card.
"It's not you, man ... I just absolutely hate this. I fucking hate remembering it, and I fucking hate seeing it again. It already sucked that I had to live through each experience once. But now I have to do it all over again!"
"Well yeah... I had no idea what we were up against at the time." Dean replied, shifting in his seat a bit.
"No, that's not what I said. I am a powerful being Dean, and I existed before this earth was created. I was there when history was made, and physics was discovered. My I.Q. is perfect, not that I have ever been tested, nor do I find the need to be tested. My point is, opening an umbrella indoors is useless, and I would never do something so stupid." The angel seemed somewhat annoyed, if not slightly angered by Dean's response.
"Well, you better learn how to do so because once again, you don't have another choice. Don't worry. I will check in every so often to see how you both have progressed."
, but you both already know about those, so I won't waste my own precious time re-explaining them. The second type of card, though, is something neither of you has yet to experience. It's a type of card called "Picture This" now during these cards you will both have to use your projection power in order to fully answer whatever question the card is asking you. In other words, it will help you provide a visual aid to your response. Got it?"
Cas could actually hear Jensen breathing and also feel Jensen's breath on his ear. It gave him chills, but thankfully his trenchcoat hid the goosebumps he got on his arms from the sudden unexpected stimulus.
They both knew that was a lie, but without verbal confirmation, neither could affirm what the other had hinted at, so they both dropped it for now at least. Dean would only ever bring it up again if they had at least a fighting chance to save Castiel from the empty. But Cas would bring it up only if it meant that he could sacrifice himself to save Dean's life/
"So what did Chamuel say?" Dean asked, still oblivious to Castiel's change in attitude.
"Well then, just say all three - WAIT... three... Why the hell are there three?" Dean exclaimed, genuine shock filling his expression.
"Ughhh fine ..." Dean said, surrendering to answer Castiel's question. " The reason I would consider putting you in the title of my non/never existent memoir is because of how much you impacted Sam and me when you dropped or, in your case, probably flew into our lives."
"Dean, I think we can all stand living with one another for a few days until we find a solution. I mean, the bunker is more than big enough for all 8 of us. We might as well make use of the spare rooms for the time being." Sammy said.
"And you? What's your biggest turn-on?" Castiel asked.
"Less than a day." Castiel stated.
"You have an angelic limit?" Castiel questioned, squinting his eyes seriously at the hunter.
"You heard me. It takes one to know one, meaning that you do the exact same thing."
"...I will neither confirm nor deny your speculations."
"Excuse me?' Dean said.
"Yes... I have. I wasn't exactly happy with either option, but I picked the lesser of two evils." Castiel replied in a monotone voice. He didn't want to give her any ammunition against the choice he made, and his emotions would definitely allow her to make a worthy argument against his choice.
Castiel finally looked up to meet Dean's gaze. His pupils were slowly expanding as he stared deeply into the hunter's eyes. "You... Dean, you were the reason I came back here!"
! Quiet in the peanut gallery, comprende?" Gabriel asked. Dean sighed in annoyance but nodded his head in response to Gabriel's request. "
Dean dragged his hand across his face before taking a deep breath and beginning to yell again. "OF COURSE I'M ABOUT TO ACCUSE YOU OF SOMETHING, JACK. THERE WERE FOUR PEOPLE IN THIS BUNKER WHEN I WENT TO BED, AND NOW THERE'S EIGHT! AND NO ONE ELSE THAT I KNOW OF HERE HAS THE POWER TO COMBINE TWO UNIVERSES INTO ONE! WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU THINKING?"
"Well... nice try, bud, but to give somebody the silent treatment, you actually have to remain silent. It's in the name silent treatment." Dean said, trying to ease the tension building up in the room. Sadly not the good type of tension, but tension nonetheless.
Dean rolled his eyes and held up his hands like he was surrendering for a minute before dramatically dropping them back to his sides, fuming. "Why?!?! You're seriously fucking asking me why I included it? I FUCKING INCLUDED IT BECAUSE I PRACTICALLY LAID ALL MY FEELINGS OUT TO YOU, AND YOU JUST STOMPED ON THEM. DO YOU UNDERSTAND HOW HARD THAT WAS FOR ME TO FUCKING DO CAS? I DON'T TALK ABOUT MY FEELINGS, BUT I STILL DID IT BECAUSE IT WAS THE TRUTH. I NEED YOU CAS, IN MORE DAMN WAYS THAN ONE, AND WHEN I TOLD YOU THAT, YOU JUST FUCKING WALKED OUT ON ME!" Dean yelled.
Dean let out a nervous laugh. "No, but you're getting closer."
Dean could only nod in response. He wasn't going to dare to open his mouth for fear of what he might respond. However, O'Malley seemed to catch on to Dean's strategy quickly.
"Okay... well, then why can I see them clearly now?" Dean asked again.
"Hey, Jared, would you mind getting Mish a bag of ice from the bar? He hit his head pretty hard on the door frame." Jensen stated.
Castiel still stood next to the side of the bed, just staring down at the sight. Dean, who was almost completely exposed, was lying on the bed waiting for him. Castiel wanted to memorize every little detail of this moment.
So Castiel took this opportunity to be alone. He sat down on the stone floor and leaned up with his back against the wall. Then Castiel did something he hadn't done in ages. He cried.
"TO HELL THERE'S NOT!" Dean exclaimed. "If you haven't noticed, the only way we get out of this cave is by working through these things together. Your problems are my problems.
Sam had assumed that Dean was spending his days that month solely sulking and drinking away his time/sorrows, which sure, Dean did do that from time to time. However, the vast majority of those days, Dean had spent researching.
"Cas, seriously, what's up with you?" Dean asked again, trying to calm down his frustration in being kept out of the loop. Secrets had torn him and Sam apart too many times, and he didn't want that to happen with him and Cas. Especially that they had just gotten back on speaking terms again. Yeah, the kissing and stuff from the room before was still an issue that weighed on Dean's mind, but he had to put that away for the moment and focus on the bigger issue at hand. Whatever Chamuel had said or done to Cas was obviously affecting him, and Dean wanted to know why.
"You really aren't good with figures of speech, are you angel?" Deanna smirked.
Deanna rolled her eyes playfully. "Do I really have to spell it out for you, flyboy?"
Before Dean could even realize what was happening, Castiel's hand was underneath his boxer, and that type of skin-on-skin contact almost made Dean lose it right then and there. He absolutely adored the feeling that this type of intimate connection brought him, but at the same time, he felt guilty.
"What did they tell you about her?" Dean asked in a hushed voice, even though Chamuel could still obviously hear them. Castiel finally turned to look at Dean square on.
He hurried down the long hallway of the bunker and up the stairs, finally reached the outside world. Sam needed to make a private phone call, and going outside seemed like the best option, on the off chance that Dean would wake up.
This option had far too many holes in it, but regardless of its flaws, if Castiel chooses this option, he would be able to keep his grace. But then again, his grace was failing anyway. So, sooner or later, he would become human one way or another unless Chamuel had a plan to restore it somehow. It wouldn't shock Castiel in the slightest if this cave could at least help maintain his already depleting grace. Chamuel had constructed this cave herself with her grace, so it was highly possible that this cave could serve as a bandaid of a sort to maintain Castiel's grace. But once again, she never mentioned anything about that to him, so this was only a theory.
"Oh... um yeah, no...that completely slipped my mind. My bad, guys."
With the bottle in hand, he started making his way out of the kitchen, but before he could get into the hallway, he noticed that Sam was standing in the doorway, blocking his path.
"BOYS!" A female voice stated from behind them. The two turned around to see a beautiful woman with a flawless complexion that stood beside the doorway. She looked a lot like Billy (Death) but younger and a lot less focused on destroying the two of them.
Castiel's hand soon followed his. "Wait, Dean, the script hinted that we may only have two attempts at opening the door."
"So wait, your name is Cassiel too?" Deanna asked Cas but spared a quick glance towards Cassie.
After Sam ran through all the logical possibilities for Dean's outburst, he made his way down the hallway to his brother's room.
Sam turned his head and squinted at his brother. Meanwhile, Cassie tilted her head in question.
"But .... so like why are they here completely now? It's already quite clear that you are, in fact, an angel, no need to prove yourself there."
Dean looked up at her and saw just how serious the sheriff standing in front of him currently was.
Dean and Cas stood by the door as everyone went to their hotel rooms for the night. Cas insisted on helping the crew clean up a bit when everyone was gone, and Dean decided to be a good fiance and help out. When they were done, Cas held out his hand, and Dean didn't even hesitate to take it.
"But I was following heaven's orders, Dean." Castiel stated, his wings dropping lower to the floor while simultaneously curling in towards Castiel.
"Hey guys, we're back!" Sam calls out before noticing Jack, Mary, and Kevin standing just a few feet away. "Oh, hey!"
"So... That's what our clock changed from 7 minutes to 6 minutes and 33 seconds?" Castiel asked.
"I DO NOT NEED A BABYSITTER!" Dean exclaimed a bit too loud.
"I helped construct it when the earth was just coming into being." Castiel answered nonchalantly.
During those two months, Sam continued to be the persistent little shit brother Dean knew him to be, and he was able to get Dean to admit what had happened to him inside Chamuel's cave.
"… I think you are reading more into my phrasing than you need to be."
"Damn man ... that was a dick move on fake me's part. I apologize for him, though, as much as I can apologize for an alternate dimension version of me. Apparently, Jensen doesn't know when a good thing is standing right in front of him." Dean winked.
Dean's eyes widened in shock. He had never seen Castiel act so menacing, which is honestly saying a lot since outside the cave, he could probably smite anyone he wanted to. Nonetheless, Dean wouldn't back down without some sort of retaliation.
Dean couldn't help but count out loud, probably a side effect of the honesty. "So technically, my first kiss was in preschool with a girl named Cassie, then in middle school, there was Denise, Rose, and Rachel! High school... oh gosh, there was Grace she was a total babe, Tyra who had the softest lips in Illinois, then there was Annie, Anna, Ani with an 'i', Bailey, Constance, Brooke, or I think her name was Brooke I don't know... Margo, Taylor, Amelia, Danni, Bethany, another Brooke, Rebecca, Julia, Vivian, and..."
"The script translates to open the door, you may only try once more. It takes the combination of two, but not too intimate and more like glue."
Castiel was outwardly confused by this response, but Dean had no intention to explain that part of his answer in detail.
Sam finally looked up from his work and set the book down, "Alright, tell me what happened."
Castiel sat and thought a moment. "I guess I like green eyes..."
Dean tried to steady his breathing. "Uh um no no this-this is fine too." Dean stuttered.
"Yes...a door." Castiel answered.
"Cassie, we are losing precious time here." Gabriel called from down the hall where he was waiting near the elevator.
Dean shrugged. "I don't know... eating a cheeseburger while watching a beehive on a nature preserve, maybe?"
"DEAN." Both Chamuel and Castiel said simultaneously.
"What, why? We've gone further than this before in your trailer, my trailer, stage 3, and even that one time on the bus." Jensen smirked back slightly.
This kiss was far different from their first one when they had been mandated to play 7 minutes in heaven (During Round 4). This kiss was full of want and passion. Nothing was forced about it. Well, besides that fact that Dean had no idea it was happening until after Castiel's lips were on his.
Allons-y!
"Am not. I just don't like sharing what's mine."
"I didn't combine our two universes, Jane and I specifically combined only our two bunkers. Everything else outside these walls is exactly the same… well, it's the same for us, maybe not for the girls. Since this is our universe, not theirs.  But everything should be oddly similar to what their world was like. From what Jane and I have discussed in our letters, our universes are extremely similar." He explained.
Finally, Castiel turned his head towards Rachel. "What did you mean earlier when you said
Dean didn't have a chance to finish his question before a door clicked open upstairs. "Hey Kevin, did you lose something?" A female voice called out.
"Oh, nothing...- I just- you know... thought I should put that bit of information out there!" Rachel smirked, pausing between her words as if she wanted to emphasize every bit of her retaliation.
Deanna slapped her hand to her forehead at the new girl's comment. "Cassie, we've been over this… Die Hard is a Christmas movie; therefore, we only watch it around Christmas time. It's August right now!" She explained.
Dean had found multiple outfits inside his magically appearing suitcase, along with a toothbrush and toothpaste.
"GIVE IT A REST, SAM!" Dean yelled through the wooden surface.
Dean picked up the next card and read it aloud "What's your biggest turn on?"
"Hey umm, Cas... yeah, I am not so comfortable with the hand holding at the current moment."
Dean glared at her.
Directly underneath the chandelier was a square coffee table with two chairs sitting on opposing sides of it to face one another. The chairs looked comfy, and to be honesty, Dean kind of needed a nap even to begin processing what was going on here. However, before he could put that idea into action, a female voice echoed through the room.
Quickly the angel grabbed the hunter's hand and began pulling him through the tunnel. Dean tried to swipe his hand out of Castiel's grasp, but his efforts were futile. Despite Castiels dwindling grace, he still was much stronger than Dean.
Dean stood motionless. Waiting in complete silence. After a few moments, the sound came back. This time it was a bit clearer. It sounded like a whisper or maybe a discussion happening farther away from where he was standing. But it was definitely a voice. Dean had absolutely no idea what the voice was saying, but he decided to take this experience one small victory at a time. The voice had sounded oddly familiar though, which of course, only compelled Dean to investigate it all the more.
Chamuel snapped her fingers again, transporting the two men out of the office.
"Uhuh yeah, right, Garth. You don't care about me. You never did."
"Ughhhhh!" Dean groaned loudly, sitting up now turning to face the man directly. "Sure, Cas, you have nice lips. They are extremely chapped at times though, but they fit your face quite nicely. As far as any man can go to appreciate the appearance of another man, I find your vessel to be extremely attractive."
Dean hadn't slept much, if at all, within the past two weeks. He refused to eat until Sam would end up lecturing him for so long that Dean finally would comply out of pure annoyance. And, worst of all, Dean's drinking got so excessive that Sam had found him passed out late one night on the bathroom floor.
"Well, as I said before, it was the lesser of two evils."
"I'm sorry..." Cas said, taking his seat across from him.
When his eyes adjusted, he saw that they were now standing in the doorway to a room that looked an awful lot like an office.
"Oh…" The angel's face became extremely pale.
"Wait, wait, wait... So, angels get assigned specific jobs?"
"My point is, what if Samantha and Deanna are us from one of chuck's alternate universes?"
While listening to the rhythmic pattern of Dean inhaling and exhaling. A dreadful thought entered his mind, one he had put off thinking about until now apparently. Today would be his last day with Dean.
But instead, Sam had to go and get himself involved. He had pushed the two people he was the closest to into a situation they never would have agreed to otherwise. And now Cas breaking Dean's heart by staying to Chamuel's cave was all his own damn fault.
"Then you're coming home with me!"
"What?" Dean asked.
Then, Dean heard it. The rough, gravely voice he had longed to hear for months now.
"Mmmmm yeah... sure I would!"
Castiel let out an annoyed sigh. "You took advantage of me, Dean!"
Dean reached a hand up to play with Castiel's hair while the angel set to getting off his shoes. "Oh, you know... the prolonged stares, the raising me out of hell thing, hiding from me in purgatory to keep me safe, the list goes on and on and -"
"Yeah, but I focused on the ladies figures, so that means I am a totally straight man. Doesn't it?" Dean said confidently even though he himself was unsure if that was truly the case.
However, the only sound he could hear was the air blowing conditioning out of the vents around the bunker. In other words, the bunker was eerily quiet.
"Did it work? Please tell me it worked?" Dean asked with his eyes still shut tight.
"Heya Cas, what's on the menu ton-" Dean started to say as he entered into the kitchen, but he stopped.
"You just take whatever you want. Don't you?" Cas asked through the door.
"It sounds like it, man... But Misha died when Sam and I were there, so maybe you were sent to a different time period or just a different alternate dimension of that alternate dimension. Gosh, this alternate dimension bullshit is making my head hurt."
"Huh... well, you learn something new every day. I should really buy me a pair of those." Dean replied. Castiel sent Dean an annoyed glance, but it wasn't as if he could see it anyways.
When Dean finally got into the bedroom, he quickly noticed that Cas wasn't in there. The bathroom door was shut and locked, so Dean put two and two together. Obviously, Cas locked himself in the bathroom. The fact that Chamuel even added a lock to the bathroom door was somewhat odd, but Dean decided not to question her ways. He could do that once he was out of here. Right now, he just had to deal with her choices, no matter how shitty they were.
"It was a rhetorical question, Cas... It didn't require an actual answer. Also, so what now? Are you friends with Chamuel? Do you have a little angel crush or something?" Dean grinned and winked at the angel.
Then, as always, the door slammed shut directly behind him.
"I don't know" Dean replied.
Dean was about to follow him, but as soon as he took a step, someone had grabbed his arm. He turned around to find none other than Gabriel.
"And bingo was his namo!"
Therefore Cas decided to put off telling Dean for as long as he could.
Sam smiled before going to take his seat at the table on the right side of the kitchen.
"I thought that you... or Sam might be in danger."
"So memories, top five... I guess it will be hard for you to pick since you have existed for thousands of years, huh?"
"Would I be asking if I did?' Dean exclaimed.
"But Jensen is me, just me from a different timeline with a less deadly occupation. But still me all the same." Dean stated though he wasn't one hundred percent sure he believed his own words to be true.
"I had to refuse her. I couldn't live with the fact that I was being forced into a relationship that neither one of us had chosen for ourselves."
Cas stood up and gulped a huge drink from his beer.
"Sex Castiel, I'm talking about sex... What attracts you most to a person that would make you want to have sex?"
Castiel smirked in response to her wording.
After a deep inhale, Dean replied. "Look, at the end of the day, we can't change what happened. I saw signs of Jack being dangerous, but I guess... I guess I also subconsciously decided to ignore it or put it on standby. I should have talked to you, and you should have talked to me. You got to know by now that we are a team man."
"You seem oddly happy this morning!" Sam commented, causing Dean to stop humming and roll his eye at his brother.
However, Dean still couldn't disagree with Castiel's choice to include this memory though. It was a pretty great moment... he didn't have to die to save the world from the darkness (AKA Amara), his mom was brought back to life, and he also got to surprise Cas by still being alive, all in one day. It was all a major win for the Winchester family. Well... for everyone except for Sammy, who was off in some basement being tortured by a blonde British woman from the British Men of Letters.
"And why would I tell you anything about our private life?" Dean crossed his arms.
Castiel was still looking directly at Dean. He didn't know how to respond. Sure, deep down, Castiel knew Dean's reasoning behind his answer; but despite the truth spell that Dean was under, he never thought he would ever admit it all to him. It seemed like he told Castiel the truth willingly, but he couldn't know that for sure. Magic works in mysterious ways.
The cave's room was small, with no other corridors or entrances besides the one Dean came in from. It probably looked just like the rest of the cave did, but since Dean was in the dark the entire time, he could only assume that to be the case. However, this room had one major difference from the rest of the cave. In the center of it stood a circle of flames or a ring of fire, as Johnny Cash would say. But that wasn't all. Inside the ring was a figure. He or maybe she seemed to be sitting down with their knees drawn up tightly into their chest.
"Wait... you knew? This whole time you knew, and you didn't tell me!" Dean's eyes widened in shock.
"Oh...watch out for that rock!" Castiel smirked.
Dean smirked, and his pupils got wide while staring at Castiels blue eyes. "But what if I am?"
Dean stormed into the bedroom, absolutely enraged. What the hell even was this game anyway? What exactly were Rachel or Chamuel or any of the other freaking angels trying to accomplish here? Dean and Castiel had already solved their feud, which should have meant that he was a free man now.... but
Castiel's wings sagged to the floor as he looked around the barren projection of the Empty. The angel refused to look directly at Dean because he knew that the hunter's face would only make him feel worse about the situation.
"I'm sorry, boys, but Dean has already overstayed his session. It's time for him to go home, now." Chamuel explained.
Whoever the man was, he was very tall, somewhere between Sam's and Dean's height, and he had a slim build. Other than that, Dean could only best compare the man's appearance to that of a much younger, somewhat tanner version of Bill Nye. Complete with the white lab coat and goggles. Which Dean guessed worked for him considering his current task. Then again, all scientists reminded Dean of Bill Nye for some reason. It probably had something to do with how catchy his theme song was but nonetheless.
"Yeah, but you sure as hell didn't do anything about it!" Dean yelled.
"IT'S NOT LIKE I HAVE MUCH OF A CHOICE! I CAN'T LIE HERE, CAS NEITHER OF US FUCKING CAN. AND I WASN'T JUST LOOKING FOR A HOOKUP." Dean responded before looking down and the ground of the cave. He took another deep breath to calm himself down. "I wasn't just looking for a hookup." Dean repeated softly like it was a secret.
"Mourning is never an easy process, and magic cannot fix his anguish." Rowena replied sympathetically. "Even if I could find a spell to help Dean move along with this, I am sure it would come at a cost much greater than what it has to offer. It may even make the situation worse than it was. Magic is already a tricky art to handle, but mixing that directly with the complexity of a human's emotions could be utterly catastrophic. I wish I..."
"Haha, very funny!" Cas replied sarcastically and held up his hand like he was in the Beyonce Single Ladies music video. Instead, however, there was a bronze and gold ring on his finger, with something carved into that Dean couldn't read from so far away.
"Have you forgiven yourself for your mistakes in the past?" Cas clarified.
"Fine... Have it your way. But I'm taking the bed."
Cas continued the pace, and before long, they were both trembling.
"No!" Dean pulled back from Castiels touch. "Look, I didn't want to say that much, but I had no control over it. I don't need your sympathy, so let's just move this thing along so I can have free will for a bit. Sound good? Great." Dean said not giving Castiel a chance to respond before picking up and reading the next card - "Is there anything about your life that you would change?"
"No, don't give me that. It's fine. You made it. That's all that matters."
"Not entirely..." Cas muttered.
After minutes of Dean's mind going back and forth with Rudy, Dean came to his own conclusion. He knew what his next course of action would be, even though Rudy strongly advised against it.
Castiel tilted his head back towards the ceiling. Obviously, he wasn't getting his point through to Dean by walking around the answer, which annoyed him greatly. Sure, Castiel was better at discussing emotions than Dean was, but that wasn't hard to accomplish.
"Well, I mean, the similarities in our names and professions is kinda weird, I'll give you that, but I wouldn't go as far as saying we match. I am a hundred percent sure I have a much better fashion sense than either of these buffoons." Deanna replied.
"Oh well...." He trailed off.
"I think that it's your pride that gets us into a lot of messes in the first place." He lied again. Thankfully being a hunter also made him a fantastic actor, so despite the pain, he felt in his chest.
"Wait, really?"
Both projection Castiel and actual Castiel smiled at this, which made actual Dean's heart skip.
"Hello, Dean." Castiel said with a somewhat stoic expression.
"Yep, it's that simple! Just look at the image in front of you, and you will be done in the next ten minutes." Rachel replied.
How could Dean respond? What should he respond with? Every syllable of the English language seemed to leave his brain as he just sat there in silence. What are words anyway? What are actions? What is life? His mind tried to contemplate all this at once.
"We should play twister," said Cas.
Theo was shocked. He had never been so disrespected by a human before, but he knew Dean wasn't wrong. Even though Theo wanted to smite Dean on sight, he knew Chamuel wouldn't approve of him doing so, so he decided to drop the topic and answer Dean's question.
"YEAH!" "Woohooo" "JENSEN'S GOING TO GET LAID TOMORROW!" "FINALLY!" "He really NEEDS it!" The group of men all shouted out before they headed over to the bar to grab a shot of fireball.
Cassie nodded at that before heading out of the room and down the hall to where the yelling was going on between Deanna and Samantha.
"Do you really wanna be on my list too, Gabriel? Cause I swear, one more word out of that oddly shaped mouth of yours, and I swear to god I'll kick your ass!"
"Ok..." At this point, Dean turned his gaze over to the house only to see a light flicker on inside the house. "Uhhh, I hate to burst your bubble Cas, but I think someone is already living in the house."
Jensen leaned his forehead against Castiel, closing his eyes before whispering, "I think I'm falling for you, Mish."
"There's the man of the hour! How does it feel to know you will be hitched by this time tomorrow?" Fake Chuck asked.
"Honey, he already has incentive up the wazoo!"
Somehow, despite the two brothers living under the same roof, Dean had managed to avoid Sam entirely. The only time Dean would speak to him was when it was absolutely necessary, and even then, Dean would only give him the bare minimum response.
"Hahaha... I am laughing at you, you dumbass. You lept over the fire like you were some sort of gazelle or something. Hell, I don't think you even needed my jacket to get out of there. You jumped so high you probably could have jumped right over the flames."
"What other choice do I have, man? I just want for us to be out of this stupid fucking cave, and if this is how we get out, then the quicker I do it, the sooner we get the hell out of dodge!"
"Okayyyy.... then enlighten me, will ya?"
"But you must have some idea of what you would want that perfect soul to be encased in?"
The video was currently showing Dean looking at one of the stock images that portrayed a young woman. She had great curves and long wavy brown hair that reached her elbows. Whoever she was, she would definitely have been Dean's type. His eyes did exactly as Rachel had described to him. He gave the women a quick once over. Then his eyes slowly outlined her figure before moving to focus on the corner of the page. It was like he was waiting for the next image to pop up.
"I've always had wings, Dean, well, except during the time that Metatron took my grace. I am an angel, after all. However, before now, my wings weren't visible to the human eye."
The next morning Chamuel woke Castiel up by basically praying him awake.
"I would have come to check on you and Sam directly afterward, but I got sidetracked."
Dean gave his best fake laughed in response. "Well, I have never been the best role model, so no, but I keep going on regardless of my mistakes."
Castiel flushed. He didn't like talking about this with a stranger. They both might be angels, but he had little to no previous knowledge of Chamuel. The two had never met before this cave. "Alright. So what's the issue? It's not like Dean could ever feel the same way for me." Castiel replied.
The longer Dean was stuck here, the more he hated this entire trial thing. It pushed him to new levels of self-exploration, and he hated that. His whole life, he had never spent so much time on himself, so considering the fact that this place made him do so was way too much introspection for Dean to take in.
Just the thought alone made Dean shake with excitement.  On the other hand, his trembling may also be a result of nerves. No matter what happened tonight, this would be a pivotal moment for them, and Dean really didn't want to fuck it up somehow.
Castiel had tears on his face which made his ocean blue eyes glisten in the cave's lighting.
Considering Castiel had just told Dean earlier about his deal with the empty, Cas thought it would be best not to let Dean know about this new ultimatum that Chamuel had inflicted upon him. Dean already had enough on his plate before this cave, and this was a choice Castiel had to make on his own.
Castiel's eyes met Dean's as he quirked his head to the side in confusion. "I don't understand what your question entails of me to try and answer."
"Hold tight for just a second, you two!" a male voice stated, startling both the hunter and the angel. "I will have the house lights on in just one moment. I am almost done - .... And PERFECT." The voice exclaimed.
"Sure, why not? Dean replied, "What about me irritates you the most?"
"Who the fuck are you?" She exclaimed while pointing the knife out towards Dean. This lady didn't seem at all threatened by the gun he was pointing directly at her. But that type of confidence could get someone killed if they weren't careful.
During the silence, Dean began mentally rewording the lyrics to a song that would already fit well into this situation - Hello Darkness, my old friend, I've come to stand here awkwardly (while this angel probably is attempting to blindly stare into my soul) again. And yes, I know it's slightly creepy; he said he watched me while I was sleeping. And yet the vision of him that is planted in my brain, well he still remains, here in the sound of silence.
The following two turns came and went. Dean continued to point out how stupid this game was, and Castiel continued to insist to him that it was just a way to ease them into more profound questions later on.
"Yes, well...yes and no. Yes, as in everything is fine and no one is currently dying.  But no because things aren't going well here. You see... it all started when I was 6 months old and ..."
"Well, there's nothing in here that could help us put out the flames, but I do have an idea." Dean quickly began taking off his leather jacket to reveal only the white shirt he was wearing underneath it. Castiel glanced at Dean, giving his 'I'm confused' head tilt that he always does when he doesn't understand something.
"You've got to be fucking with me..." He finally uttered. Dean already had issues talking about his emotions, so revealing his 7 worst memories was one of the last things he would ever want to do. He would rather be stuck in a room with Gabriel for the rest of his life, and that's saying a whole damn lot.
"Lying causes damage to, you know?" Castiel mumbled.
"No, Rowena, you misunderstand me." Sam interrupted. " I don't want to use magic to alter Dean's emotional state. I want Dean to be Dean, and for that to stay true...Dean has to feel how he feels."
Suddenly, there was a sound.
Castiel nodded, and Dean turned around to face the archangel.
"...So, you mean - ?"
"And what would that be exactly?"
"Please, look at me, beautiful." Cas requested, situating his weight onto his elbow so that he could lift his other hand to turn Dean's face toward his. Dean looked up at him with glistening eyes. His pupils were so broad that it almost took over his green iris'. "Don't hide. It's just you and me right now." Cas said, leaning in slowly to kiss him.
"GOT IT?" Jody asked more forcefully, her maternal instincts coming out.
"No... I'm just trying to figure out how to phrase this in a way that won't make you upset with me."  Sam replied
Deanna rolls her eyes at her little sister. "Sami...You are so incredibly lame... I hope you know that! Anywho, it's my turn! The name's Deanna Winchester. I'm a part-time hunter and full-time heartbreaker." Deanna smirks at Sami. "See, Sami - That's how you do it, short and sweet and to the point!"
"You told me your flight wasn't going to arrive here until early tomorrow morning." Castiel said, sounding a bit annoyed by Dean's sudden appearance.
"Good, I'm proud of you for actually listening to the doctor and taking the meds. I know it wasn't an easy thing for you to do." Castiel replied.
"YES!" Castiel replied, obviously infuriated.
"Yeah, I am sure that must be it." Dean lied again through his teeth.
Dean's hands slowly drew over the curves of each well-defined muscle in Castiel's back, eventually making his way down until one hand slipped underneath Castiel's boxers and skimmed over his ass.
For a solid 5 minutes, though, Dean just remained in his position, thinking. Or at least he was attempting to think. Words were still hard for him.
"Doesn't that bypass some ethical standard or something?"  Dean asked. Castiel looked back at Dean, shocked that he asked such a question. "What??? I swear I heard Sam talking about it before." He stated as cool and collected as he could without coming off as a geek or something. He had an image to uphold!
"So... I guess I'll see you in three months, Cas?" Dean asked.
"Thank you, Dean." Castiel blushed. "I think that your..."
"Uh-yeah, like
"Because I do, Dean! I have existed for a very long time, and I never knew what actual love felt like. But this person... this man... he makes me feel unlike anyone or anything else ever has." Castiel stated confidently.
"What the hell is this supposes to be?" Dean asked out loud.
Dean lowered his weapon into its holster and made his way towards the ongoing sounds. Food was now the only thought at the forefront of his mind, and everything else seemed to be in check. Hopefully, he could ask Cas about the strange light while enjoying whatever the angel had whipped up for him to try this time.
. Dean replied in his head.
The truth was Castiel had only remembered what Dean and Sam had told him about the alternate world they went to (Around Season 6, The French Mistake lol). They were thrown into a world where they were two actors named Jensen Ackles and Jared Padelecki, who only played Sam and Dean on a show called Supernatural. During that conversation, they had mentioned that the character of Castiel was played by some man named Misha Collins. So he must be in the same universe that they were sent to... right?
"What now?" Dean asked, getting slightly annoyed at Chamuel for sending Gabriel to monitor him.
"I What?" Dean asked, surprised by the angel's accusation.
Dean was about to ask what he meant by that when all of a sudden, a shuffling sound came from somewhere in the darkroom beyond them.
"I guess...I don't exactly remember. Why?" Dean asked.
"I see... I understand why that could be stressful for you." Chamuel replied.
A tear streamed down Cas' face. He wiped his eyes before turning to face Chamuel. "You seriously couldn't have given him ten more seconds?" He asked with a hateful expression.
"Point taken. Alright, lay them on me. I can take it!" Dean said.
Cas stared at Dean in amazement. The angel's eyes practically glistening with tears. The fact that Dean could even attempt to understand Castiel's fondness of meeting Jack, especially after he had killed Mary, was astounding. Dean looked back at Cas with understatement!
"Yeah, right...."
Yeah, this was definitely not his Dean.
Cas did his best to smile back, but it wasn't that convincing, especially to Jensen, who knew him better than the rest of the cast.
"What's down there?" Castiel questioned. His wings acted alert as he peeked over the edge of the hole in the floor.
"But you what?"
"I just wanted to warn you that your challenge will be coming up soon, and trust me, it's not what you'd expect."
"So you charge hunters to stay here?" Cas asked, but Dean didn't seem to mind since he had apparently thought everything out in extreme detail.
"What the hell happened to you?" Dean asked, staring at the angel.
If Dean didn't know any better, it sounded like Castiel was disappointed or maybe even jealous.
"Consequences?" Dean asked the voice. "What type of consequences?"
"THERE YOUR RULES!" Cas yelled.
"Nope... Nu-uh... Not doing it. You can't make me." Dean stated.
"But I won't be able to-" Cas tried to argue.
Dean responded.
Sam and Sami were extremely productive despite coming up with no solution to their current problem.
The look eventually made Sam break. "Fine, maybe you could, I don't know, make sure I win the bet. We could split the profit 30/70." He smirked.
Though Deanna was not too thrilled about being locked out. The chick started banging on the door and yelling out practically every profanity in the book while Dean attempted to catch his breath.
"Well... I may be... at the very least.... partially responsible for you being here." Sam mumbled, shifting his left foot across the floor while looking down. He reminded Dean of a child who just got caught stealing a cookie from the cookie jar.
"Fine," She finally answered, but at the same time that she lowered the knife from Dean's neck, she had jerked his hands together behind his back and used what felt like a belt to tie him up.
"Cas... you wouldn't by any chance be afraid of the dark, now would you?" Dean asked.
"Wait, rip? You mean like when Jack was born and opened up that portal to that war apocalypse world?" Sam asked.
"Every other person except for the other Castiel that you met behind your door in five? Right?" Castiel's fist clenched as he spoke.
"You never found a mate."
The moment his eyes opened, she had snapped her fingers, and he arrived groggily in a chair inside her office.
"...And?"
"Good, now back to what I was saying. To put it briefly, Sam had been on and off the drug so often that my Dad tried to intervene, but that caused a rift between them for years to come. During the case that he tagged along, he was killed by a drunk driver who slammed into him as he drove to meet me. I couldn't bear losing my brother, so I did what I had to do and made a deal with a demon. Which means..."
It all seemed surreal... sure, Dean had entertained the thought of being with Castiel on a more intimate level than what they had already experienced, but getting married was a whole new ballpark. He had always thought if they ever did hook up, then that would be the extent of things.
But Dean wasn't done ranting yet. "And you know what makes it worse? The fact that not only do I have to be honest but completely honest ALL THE TIME. It's one thing if I have to be honest because then I just have to choose my response carefully, but noooo your pal O'Malley made it so that I don't have any choice in my words."
Despite the ongoing nagging in Dean's head, the closeness was unbearable. He felt drawn to Castiel, who stood above him, still just staring down with those stupidly beautiful blue ocean eyes. It would be so easy just to take him right here right now. But Dean refused. The goal at the moment was to lose the game, not to question his own sexuality.
"No, I don't think that's it!" Dean lied.
Dean glared at O'Malley with a look that could probably kill a person if life only worked that way. Dean was about to retaliate, but Cas put a hand on his shoulder before he could open his mouth. When he turned to look at the trenchcoated angel, who met him with a sympathetic stare. Castiel didn't say a word to him, but his eyes said enough. Somehow in that one look, Cas was able to tell Dean that none of his friends' deaths was his fault. Even though Dean may not fully believe that to be true, he appreciated the gesture nonetheless.
Dean had no idea if she had meant that they would like her assistants or if she had meant they would like whatever freakish games she had set up. But in retrospect, that didn't really matter to Dean anyway. He would find something to complain about regardless of what lay behind each door. That's what happens when you put a Winchester somewhere they don't want to be; you either get hit with a blunt object or sarcastic remarks. Since Dean didn't have any weapons on hand at the moment, he decided witty and rude remarks were his best option.
A half a dozen spins later, Castiel and Dean were tangled up in each other. Sadly not in the romantic sense, but they were still intertwined nonetheless.
"Don't you dare ruin this moment for me!" Dean interjected.
"Fine!" Cas muttered while reaching his hand out towards the deck of cards and picking up the top one. "What would be the title of your memoir?" Castiel read to Dean.
"What the hell are you talking about, man?"
"I see. How do you think Dean will react to the news that you aren't going back to the bunker with him?" Chamuel asks.
"No, it is my attempt to rectify the mistake of one of my associates. This program is intended to benefit you and Castiel, so I don't want you to experience any unnecessary stress."
He gulped and became very pale in response. Dean had no idea what she was implying, but he didn't like when other people made Cas feel uncomfortable. That was his and Sammys job!
"So what you mean he will be like a projector?" Dean asked.
"There was nothing there left for me, Dean. You wouldn't even look at me. You still blame me for your mother's death, and no matter what I did, you hated me for doing it. I couldn't..." Castiel paused to look up from the ground and directly into Dean's emerald eyes. Castiel sighed. "I... couldn't stay where I was no longer wanted. We.. we obviously no longer saw things eye to eye, Dean."
"My apologies Dean!" Castiel said as he was about to lift himself from Dean's chest, but he stopped when he heard laughing. Castiel shifted his position so that he was face to face with Dean.
"Wow, bud ... tell me what you really think about her." Dean replied sarcastically.
"Wait, what do you mean 'check in'????" Dean asked.
Both of them were confused. Of course, they were confused about different things but still confused nonetheless.
"Hey, Cassie... long time no see bro!" Gabriel exclaimed
"WOW, beautiful comparison Cas." He tried to play his compliment off as sarcasm, but it came off far more genuine than he would have liked. Dean hated being honest but he despised not being able to even use sarcasm to directly hide his compliments.
All this meant that this was not his Castiel. Chamuel must've transported him into some sort of alternate dimension or something like that. That was the only possible explanation for the texts and the way Castiel was dressed.
"I think that you're scared. I think that you know I will win one way or another, so instead of actually admitting defeat and just playing the game, you are admitting defeat early on to save your hide... Oh, and your pride! Ha, that rhymes!" Dean knew he was harsh, but harsh was the only way to go at this point. He couldn't lose Cas, not again. Not to some magical torture smoothie or whatever the hell it was.
Castiel just rolled his eyes. His wings were once again folded up behind his back. "Let's just move on to your experience so you can 'prove me wrong' apparently." Cas said using air quotes for at least the second time in less than 20 minutes.
, the voice in Dean's head exclaimed with joy. I
"... I don't understand!" Castiel muttered, his eyes wide in shock.
"Well, in my whole existence, I have kissed 3 girls and 1 man!"
"Cas... Cas... please just wait a minute." Dean stuttered out through his uneven breath. "Look, as much as I am truly enjoying this... which I am, I think we should stop here."
"Good!" Naya replied. "Well, this is basically Twister but with a twist."
"I don't. If I did, I wouldn't have asked."
"What's the catch?"
"Hey, what's wrong, man?" Dean asked. "I thought you would enjoy seeing all this."
Dean used his hands-on Castiel's shoulders to pull the angel closer to him so that they were chest to chest before lifting his hands a bit to slide the shirt off Castiel's arms. Once the shirt had fallen to the ground, Dean resumed mapping out the new territory. He leaned forward and kissed Castiel on the tip of his nose. He then leaned in even more so that their foreheads were resting on one another.
"I thought no one knew she even existed. Didn't God keep her locked away in a tower or something like that hot Disney princess?"
Dean walked out of the kitchen before he yelled over his shoulder, "SHUT THE FUCK UP BITCH."
Castiel pondered this question for a solid moment before responding. "I cannot think of a sin that I get pleasure enacting in." He said in a far too serious tone.
"No, I am not talking about clothing articles, Dea. I am talking about your souls."
"On the table, you will find a deck of cards. Pick one up at a time and read the prompt out loud. The other player must either answer a question or follow the instructions. If the player fails to do so, then there will be consequences. Answer the questions fully and truthfully." Chamuel's voice echoed throughout the room.
Dean grabbed his gun from where he kept it hidden underneath his pillow and cautiously made his way out into the hallway.
________________________________________________________________________________
Castiel sighed. "Ughhh, fine... I get it, but you better bring your A-game that night, or else I'll divorce you on the spot."
After finally getting his bearings again, Dean was easily able to find his attacker. The whole time it had been directly in front of him.  Dean's eyes widened as he saw two large jet-black wings protruding from Castiel's back. He felt like such an idiot for not noticing it before now. Of course, the bright flash of light had come from Cas; how could he be so stupid.
Jensen's pupils were huge, and his eyes showed just how lustful he was at the current moment.
They had already wasted so many years skirting around the truth of both their feelings. And right now, this kiss was just them. Years of sexual tension finally crumbling down. This was the truth they wanted to reveal to each other so many times. So many long lustful stares. So many kind words with deeper meaning. This kiss was the first step to breaking down all those walls and revealing themselves to each other.
"You thought that I would summon you? Yet you haven't taken the chance to reply to any of Sam's texts or phone calls?"
"Getting you to leave this room."
Dean never really had entertained the idea of living a normal life with him and Cas together. There was too much evil in the world to hope for a normal life. But, unfortunately, his life had never been normal, and when he tried to have the best of both worlds with Lisa and Ben, he ended up losing them both for their own safety.
"It's nothing, Dean!" Castiel replied without turning around. He took a deep breath before slightly glancing over his shoulder and reaching for the door handle.  "Let's just go complete this final round of questions so that you can leave just like you have wanted since we first arrived in this cave."
"Cas-" Dean uttered. "What- what are you-"
"Are you giving me the silent treatment?" Dean asked.
Cas smirked down at him, continuing to fuck into Dean's hand at a surprisingly rapid pace.
"Dean, I'm staying at Eileen's for the next 3 days. You and Cas enjoy yourselves while I am gone! Be loud. Be proud. Get tested or use protection. Either way, I'll see you in a few days! - Sam. P.S. Feel free to help me win the bet with Eileen : )"
"Maybe because it affects the structure of my program?"
"No… I mean... that isn't why I'm hesitant to have intimate relations with you." He explained, rubbing the back of his neck in unease.
"I'd follow you anywhere if you asked me nice enough, sweetheart," Dean said.
Theo disappeared, and Dean just stared at the place that the man had previously been standing.
Dean quickly put two and two together. "Are you kidding me" he exclaimed. "This dude is another angel. What is this a cult? Am I the only human being in this damn cave?"
"SHOULD NOT"
"...yeah, it's definitely a good one." Dean muttered, shifting his eyes away from Cas and back to the scene.
"...In the other dimension. You- I mean Jensen was getting married." Dean nodded, waiting for him to continue. "You told me to stop by your room after the bachelor party, and I did."
"I don't think it was a past life, Dean... you have pissed enough people off in this lifetime to last an eternity." A familiar voice replied to him.
"Please, don't blame it on Jack." A young female voice stated weakly. Everyone turned to Jane, who was sitting upright on the bed. "I was the one to bring up the idea to him. I learned from Jack's letters to me that you guys deal with Chuck much more often than we do. He's much more hand's on with you guys, but in our universe, Chuck has become less and less present lately, which is why I suggested that to Jack that Cassiel, Samantha, Deanna, and I could probably be of some use here."
"Exactly!" Chamuel replied.
The next chapter will be full of love and smut, just FYI. You have been warned an entire chapter in advance.
"Yeah, and it looks like you made the wrong one.. again! Shocker." He said sarcastically.
________________________________________________________________________________
"You do understand my ethical limitations here, right? If there were any other options, I would have given you them." Chamuel states.
"NO" Deanna yelled at the same time Samantha calmly responded, "Yes," and went over to untie Sam while Cassie walked over to untie Dean.
"Because if you did give a rats ass about me, then why did you name your sons Sam and Cas? Huh? You met me first, Garth. And what, you met Castiel maybe two times at most? My brother was worth naming your son after. Cas was worth naming your son after. I wasn't worth it... Not that I can blame you, though. I mean, Cas didn't think I was worth it either... That's why he never came back... why he never came home. So please don't pretend like you guys care, I don't need any of your pity, and you all have your own lives to lead... I'm my own problem." Dean looked down and hoped that all three of them would be long gone whenever he looked up.
Castiel didn't answer. He just glared at Dean, which was as good of a response as any.
"It's fine, Kev. I can take care of it." Sam jumped in, trying to save the peace. "Come on, Jackie, let's go get you all nice and clean."
"I don't think that is what she is alluding to, Dean." Castiel spoke softly to Dean.
"I had no idea what he was doing, Dean. For all, I knew he was just practicing his powers and sending the envelope somewhere else within the bunker walls. I didn't want to alarm you or Sam unless I knew exactly what was going on first."
"What's option two?"
Eventually, many stumbles later, Castiel arrived next to the bed in the area that Dean slept the previous night. Dean automatically assumed that the angel would take his spot on the floor since the bed was obviously occupied; however, when he felt the bed dip down, he knew he had assumed wrong.
"What about me?"
Dean shifted his position on the bed, so he was directly facing Deanna. "Oh, so now we get to be your guinea pigs? Yeah...not happening!"
Castiel cocked his head and squinted at him a bit in confusion. "Is something wrong, Dean?" He asked.
"Come on Dean. It's just one game, and this brings us one step closer to leaving. Plus, do you remember how many times have I asked you to play twister with me in the bunker?" Castiel replied.
Dean cleared his throat to break the silence. The sound Dean made startled Castiel out of whatever daze he was currently in, causing his wings to perk up a bit.
"Oh, my hero..." Dean muttered sarcastically as Castiel walked up behind Dean again. This time however he was dressed, ready to conquer the day. He had his outfit for later packed in a small bag that was over his shoulder.
Castiel lightly pushed Jensen back.
"Dean… if my theory is correct and you and Deanna are the same person, and me and Samantha are the same person, who would that make Cassie out to match with? Really think about it."
"You ready, Gabe?" Cas asked.
"Well, just read it to me anyway."
"Do you? Because you just said a whole bunch of incoherent statements." Cas replied.
"It doesn't?" Cas asked, furrowing his eyebrows in confusion. He thought for sure Dean would have some sort of preference on the matter.
2. I only included the show's dialogue to convey this specific storyline better ;)
After Chamuel gave him this ultimatum, she told him he had until the start of their next round tomorrow to make his choice. If he didn't pick one, Chamuel wouldn't let him or Dean leave the cave because, according to her, until Cas made his decision, round 5 would not commence. Of course, she couldn't stop the program once it started, but she can definitely delay parts of it. And she knew that the one thing that would motivate Cas into making a decision was the fact that Dean would be stuck in this cave until he did.
"Well, better safe than sorry." Mary said.
"It's what you humans refer to as an eye tracker test. However, I added a bit more sparkle to it. This test was to see what part of the image your pupils would shift to when an image came on the screen. It also tracked the dilation of your pupils throughout the series of images shown on the screen.  Now that we explained all that mumbo jumbo let's begin with Castiel's results. You ready?" She asked.
Another shuffle came from the opposite end of the room. And therewith a sudden flicker, the house lights came. They were blinding considering how long their eyes had been adjusted to their dark surrounding. At the moment, Dean wondered if one could become blind from something like that, but he decided to file that question away to bug Sammy about later.
"There's nothing wrong with that, Dean..." Castiels expression became much more sympathetic and understanding. He looked like a concerned family member or something with the way he focused on Dean.
"Well, I guess it's not a hint anymore, now is it Cas? Just get to the point where you tell us what the hell is going on here!"
"What do you suppose she meant by that? What can be more fun than Twister?" Castiel asked Dean with a serious look. Furrowing his eyebrows in confusion.
Castiel finally looked at Dean directly, his face becoming red with rage. "WHY??? BECAUSE I WAS THE SECOND CHOICE FOR AGAIN!" He exclaimed.
"It was probably three years after I raised you from perdition. It still happens occasionally, though. It picked up again not long after I left the bunker, but I chose to ignore it since we weren't on the best of terms." Castiel shrugged.
Dean nodded. "It's alright, me too. Just let go."
"I um… I… I guess I just never considered Cas to look like anyone but umm…."
As much as Dean would love to further this intimacy, he couldn't because this Castiel wasn't his. If he were going to go all the way with an angel, it would definitely be his own angel.
"What the hell?" Dean asked rhetorically.
Castiel and Chamuel were transported back into Chamuels office. When they arrived in the room, Castiel was seated on the opposite side of the desk that Chamuel was seated.
Soon the room around them turned into a bar, which was very similar to the one that Castiel and Sam saw when they were trying to break Dean out of Micheal's control when he had used possessed the hunter.
Castiel picked up the next card and read out loud -"Picture This: Practice Round - Show your ideal reality (Both)."
Dean let out a sigh of relief, choosing to ignore the fact that Sam had just called him a mother hen. "Alright, well, now that damage control is covered, Cas, tell us what you got."
Despite the sock still lodged in his mouth, Sam seemed to get a chuckle out of that.
Before Castiel followed Dean, he came up with two likely conclusions for Dean's haste. Either he just wanted to rip the bandaid off and get this round over it so he could leave, or he was, in fact, still upset at Castiel's lack of disclosure from the night before.
" During the game, the two people are locked in a room. They are supposed to make out and do whatever dirty deed that they want to do before the seven minutes are up." Dean explained
"Well, what?" Deanna asked, her voice mocking Jane's vocal tone.
"And what the actual fuck is that supposed to mean?" Dean said.
"I THINK we need not." Castiel replied through the wooden surface.
Instantly Dean recognized him. It was none other than Kevin Tran.
Cas laughed, and as much as Dean really enjoyed the sound of him laughing, it only confused him more.
___________________________________________________________________________
Dean turned around, facing away from the bed now. He closed his eyes, hoping that the angel would understand his quite blunt hint to shut the hell up. But of course, once again, Castiel spoke up.
"Oh well, alright, my mistake! Please forget my previous statement." Jack smiled, oblivious of Dean's sarcasm.
Dean smiled with tears still glistening in his eyes. Then the hunter launched forward and connected his lips with Castiel's.
"AHA! See, I told you I was straight, or at least I tried to tell you. That honesty room really fucks with your mind, man!" Dean said with an exhale of relief and a small smile on his face. He was so relieved, in fact, that he didn't even care that the women had just implied he was insecure about his own masculinity.
Castiel nodded to signify he understood Dean's point. But Dean knew that signal meant Castiel was done with the conversation.
"I assume it's because 7 is a prime number, and prime numbers can be intimidating. Also, you have gone through a lot of trauma in your life, so narrowing them down would be somewhat difficult, to say the least. So 7 is already limiting you a bit. You do have a lot of baggage!"
"Good to hear. Now let's get this freakshow over with."
"Oh yeah, cause the right intentions have done so well for you in the past, Cas!" Dean replied.
Dean knew this topic was very serious business to Cas. He only ever cussed when he felt an extreme emotion about a topic or if he wanted to insult an enemy in the heat of the moment. This was obviously the first one.
"At the time, I tried to pair you with someone you could relate to, Castiel. I didn't want you or any angel, for that matter, to go through eternity alone. That was my job, but you rebuked Barbiel before even giving her a chance. You turned her down. She disappeared for years because of what you did."
"Listen… from what I understand, these girls all picked the exact same rooms that we are currently living in, which is why Samantha woke up in your bed! So if they stay here, who's supposed to get our rooms?"
"You like that?" Dean asked with a smirk.
Cas turned his head to squint at the house, and within another blink of an eye, they were inside.
Maybe Dean didn't give Cas enough credit... maybe they both knew what was about to happen here.
He said, placing the blade on the table in the upper landing.
"No... I don't know how... I have been on earth for a few years now, and I still haven't been able to grasp the most basic of human emotion. They may think I am just mistaken about my feelings towards them."
"I'm… wait, was that a flirtation?" Cas asked, with one eyebrow arched in question.
"Good! So you know that I'm purposely just walking out of this conversation. Goodnight, Dea." He said, walking out of the room.
"Dean?" Castiel jolted his head up from where it had been resting on his knees.
Castiel walked over to the elevator with Dean's suitcase and pressed the button before he signaled Dean to follow along.
"Where will you go? I'm sure that..."
"It's as simple as you want it to be, Dean."
Dean's eyes narrowed. "So then why are you... wait, let me guess! Sam called you, didn't he?" He asked, folding his arms.
"So what the fuck are you trying to say here?" Dean asked, starting to feel extremely insecure and frustrated. His face became red, and his fist became clenched at his side.
"I didn't know it would be this hard, man!" Projection Dean said, staring at the ground.
Dean blushed, but he didn't look away from Cas. "I didn't sleep with him for the same reason you didn't sleep with Jensen. I didn't sleep with the other Castiel because he wasn't you, Cas. And I wasn't going to get myself off with just a copy when all I really want is the real thing. Plus, I -" Dean started to say but was quickly stopped when Cas practically jumped him and pressed their lips together.
"Fine. The name's Dean Winchester, occupation kick-ass hunter, and my hobbies include long walks on the beach and frisky women." He turns his gaze to Cassie and gives her a small wink. Both Sam and Cas roll their eyes simultaneously while Cassie tilts her head in a question at Dean's gesture.
"Gabriel, what's going on?" Cas asked.
"I don't think he can see us, Dean. This is just a projection after all." Cas explained.
"Cas - we know you never meant to -"
"All I see is darkness, Dean. I guess... I guess Chamuel took away my ability to see in the dark." Castiels voice hinted that he was a bit scared, but it was obvious that he was trying to keep that under wraps from the hunter. Despite the darkness, the angel wanted to keep face. He was a warrior of the Lord, not a child who needed his night light; or, in this case, night vision.
He glanced back to see if Cas was following along, but he wasn't. Cas looked petrified in shock, or maybe it was fear Dean couldn't tell. Either way, he had no desire to stick around in this room for any longer than he had to. Dean slammed open the door and stormed out while Castiel stood with his feet planted in the same spot.
Dean unlatched the door and swung it open, ready to give a few choice words to whoever stood on the other side.  Standing in the hallway was none other than Gabriel.
"Ughhh, you want me to prove it to you? Fine." She reached over to open the cutlery drawer and pulled out a silver knife which was a lot smaller than the stainless steel one she had just been wielding. She held it up so Dean could see she wasn't trying to trick him, and after he gave her a brief nod, she used the silver knife to cut into the palm of her hand. Nothing happened. "There... is that proof enough for you, or do I need to go the full nine yards and splash myself in the face with holy water?" She asked.
Cas glared at him with a stoic face. "It wasn't that funny of a speculation..."
"In all seriousness, Deany boy, for the rest of the program, you will be unable to lie or even give just partially true answers. For this to succeed, you need to be open and honest with Castiel and yourself. Understand?"
Another two months had come and gone. And with each passing day, Dean seemed to be slipping further and further away.
"You don't think I can beat you on my own?" Dean asked Castiel, lifting his head to send him a glare of a glance.
Suddenly there was a sound of the flapping of wings, and Castiel was staring somewhere behind Dean.
This Castiel wasn't his. His Castiel was back in Dean's own universe, probably waiting for him to return to the cave so they could go back to the bunker.
Now, Dean wasn't scared of many things, but flying fit into the shortlist of things that absolutely terrified him. Plus, why would he be flying anywhere? He had no idea what Cas was talking about.
"Dean, where are we-" Castiel started to ask, but Dean cut him off.
"You didn't finish answering the question, Dean!"
"Not long." Castiel lied, but then again, time was different in the cave, so maybe it wasn't really a lie at all. Time is relative anyhow.
Dean went to sit down on the bed, leaving a trail of kisses along Castiel's chest as he lowered himself to perch on the edge of the mattress. He spread open his legs, grabbing onto Castiel's hips to pull him closer so that Cas was now standing in between his legs.
"Well, after I had originally told you the truth about my deal with the Empty, Chamuel overheard our conversation, and she ended up giving me two choices."
"Okay, well, that's a start, I guess?"
This is a very very very long chapter, but it's worth it, I promise. So grab some popcorn. I won't spoil anything, but a lot is about to go down ;)
"I don't understand the intention of this prompt."
"In the flesh, buckaroo!' Gabriel stated while leaning up against the door frame. "Chamuel wanted to make sure you played the game by the rules, and since you and I spent so much time together in that noggin of yours, I thought I would be the perfect archangel for the job."
"I just did..." Castiel uttered, obviously not grasping the sarcasm behind Dean's words. "She had no right to..." he trailed off.
"What, why?"
"What?" Dean asked.
"I was just trying to lighten the tension. Obviously, Chamuel wants to trap us here through the awkwardness of social conduct."
The next morning Dean woke up only to find alternate Castiel snuggled up directly against his chest. His eyes were rapidly behind his eyelids, and his nose twitched every so often, which Dean hated to admit, but he thought it was adorable. Dean didn't remember putting his arms around Castiel before falling asleep, so that must have been his unconscious acting for him. Not that he minded it, it felt nice to be able to hold the sleeping man so close. He had never thought of Cas as a cuddler, but maybe he just never thought about it because if he did, he would have to acknowledge that sometimes during movie night in the bunker, he and Cas got pretty comfy next to one another.
"What exactly is going on here?" Castiel asked, staring at the women across from him.
The ice helped cool him down a bit, but everything inside him hurt.
"Yes, you were extremely overly prepared to kill me when we first met. You had every weapon you knew of on a table and every warding symbol you had read about painted on the walls. You were well guarded, to say the least."
I also get that cool projection power thing that Cas has yet to use?" Dean asked.
The crowd was silent for a moment. Just all looking around, wondering who would follow that speech by saying something. Of course, the person to first speak was Jared.
"Yes, Cas?"
"DEAN, without my grace, I'm utterly useless... I can't protect you... or Sam, I can't heal either of you whenever a hunt goes sideways... Overall, I'll become more a burden than a resource to either of you, and I can't do that... If I'm not an angel, then I'm... I'm nothing." Cas replied.
Sooner or later, Dean had made his way into the room. There was nothing inside of it. Well, nothing except for Castiel, who was standing in the center. He looked about just as confused as Dean felt about everything.
"Those words are far too big  for me to put together right now, but I know what I want, and there are zero words required for doing that." Dean shifted his eyebrows suggestively.
"THREE MONTHS?" Dean exclaimed.
Dean shifted his position despite Castiels grip so that he was now facing the angel. Dean no longer cared if his feet remained on the color circles. It was a bizarre position. It looked like Cas had just dipped Dean during a salsa dance or some shit. But since Castiel was still sprawled out on the mat with one hand on the red space, it looked like he had not only dipped Dean but that he had also landed in some weird-ass superhero stance.
The sound of wings once again filled the room. In the blink of an eye, Gabriel was standing beside the other archangel.
"Huh..."
The day went by pretty fast, and Dean was 95% sure that he didn't forget any of Castiel's requests. He hadn't seen anyone he knew around the hotel yet, and it was almost 4:00 in the afternoon. He had spent his daytime wandering around the hotel, working out in the gym, and watching crap daytime TV. After his alarm clock turned to 4:15, he packed up his stuff and headed down to the front desk to check in to his solo room for the night. By the time he got settled in, it was already 5:00. So Dean decided that he better get dressed for the rehearsal dinner and show up early to meet and greet everyone.
"Room? Well, alright then..."
Cas finally glares at Deanna's persistence.
"Cas, I can't hate you. I've known and cared about you for too long to be able to hate you. But all that is in the past now. Right now, what you did and what happened to mom is something I can't forgive, man. I may not hate you, but I think that regardless of what happens or is said here that after this, we go our separate ways once and for all." Dean uttered. He was using some truth throughout what he said to better disguise the lie. Of course, he didn't want to lose Castiel for the hundredth time, but Dean knew that the only way he would ever falter his grip was if he lost hope in Dean.
"Yeah... you know... it's a nickname...short for Misha. But if you would prefer for me to call you Dimitri, that's fine by me." Fake Dean grinned like what he was saying was amusing to him.
Dean paused for a moment. He hated everything about his childhood because he didn't really get to have one. He had to grow up quickly after Mary died in the fire. However, after a minute or two, Dean finally thought of his honest answer.
"So, where do we sit?" Sam asked.
"Nothing important..." Castiel muttered and walking past Dean towards the back wall of the small room, still not meeting Dean's intense gaze.
"I know you do, Dean. You have made it quite clear. But I want to make this process a bit easier on you, and I never intended for O'Malley to create an honesty spell that would be so harmful to your psyche."
After about ten minutes, Dean started to blink rapidly. Castiel stood up.
"Hmmm, I see. Well, I believe that in this round, the questions will require some visual guidance. So I hope you use it while you still can. Once the round of questions ends, the powers that the pills gave you will be withdrawn. So make use of them while you are still enrolled in our program."
"I think she just wanted to inform me about it because she knew that you wouldn't."
"Cas, I'm asking if you want to sleep with me?"
"Oh, so you're a fucking shrink?" Dean said.
"-and let me guess, Sam was something called a Jared Padalecki?"
"You really don't know?"
Instead, he went with a navy blue V-neck t-shirt, a black blazer jacket over it, his nicest pair of blue faded jeans, and black boots.
"You would say my name." Castiel responded nonchalantly.
He never really was taught how to sleep, and it didn't help that last night; his thoughts were running around in his mind for hours and hours about the pros and cons of both choices. However, eventually, the Olympic-like race that his mind was running must have forced him to pass out from exhaustion. Sleep was weird like that, and Cas still wasn't familiar with it.
"Yeah, you. You're the only angel I can seem to tolerate for more than a day at a time." Dean replied stoically.
Dean blinked multiple times and scrunched his face in an attempt to stop the tickling sensation that was now overcoming his expression.
"I'll ask first!" Dean said, hoping to prolong his inevitable
"Yes, actually it was... I have never admitted that to anyone... and I still don't understand what a soulmate even means." Cas looked down and started fidgeting with his hand in his lap.
"She's an angel, Dean!"
"Yes... I mean, no. I don't fucking know, man. It's been months, and I mean Cas, I'm am not worth all this. I'm not worth months of travel, and I'm definitely not worth you giving up your grace." Dean said as he rubbed the back of his neck nervously, trying to look anywhere but at Castiel.
"Fine-but if you lose, don't come crying to me about it!" Castiel ignored the hunter's previous remark and reached down to start the color wheel.
Dean couldn't help but chuckle at the note. Sam was a nosy bitch when it came to Dean's personal life, but thankfully he knew when he needed to make himself scarce.
"Promise me that whatever happens here or is said here STAYS HERE. You got it? If I can't keep my mouth shut, I will have absolutely no filter, so I have no clue what type of shit I may spew out there. Capiche?"
"I'm not sure, but it's the only thing that makes sense from what I heard. And based on what Cas just hinted at, I think he may have an idea about what's going on here."
"What exactly would you and I need to discuss? Dean and I haven't broken any rules or regulations to your game. So there should be nothing preventing us from finishing the final round and being on our way home." The thought of going home sounded so appeasing to Castiel. He never thought he would be able to call the bunker home again, but now that hope was slowly shifting back into place.
"I mean Barbiel is dead. She died in the fall, but then again she didn't believe she had much to fight for."
There was a pause of silence. Samantha was obviously weighing out all her options before jumping into action.
"Who are you two?" Samantha asked, apparently refusing to answer Dean's previous question.
He thought to himself.
"Did you really mean everything you said tonight? About me being the light and all that jazz?" Jensen asked.
That's when Jensen broke himself away from the kiss and locked his eyes onto Castiels.
"I can't reveal my clientele Castiel, that's not how this game works."
"Why?" Castiel asked.
Theo snapped his fingers, and a timer appeared on the wall.
"Cas buddy, that's not even close to an expression anyone uses... ever!"
"Great question. Honestly, I have no clue what is going on here, so I am pretty much useless in the seating arrangement department, but if you would like a witty remark, I am happy to oblige." Dean grinned.
Sam ended up placing a cup of water and a grilled cheese sandwich beside Dean's head on the table. He then draped a blanket over Dean's shoulders before making his way to his room to find out why Cas was a no-show.
"So then...Chamuel was just a backup? She was locked away the majority of her life just in case yall fucked up somehow?"
"Are you... are you scared of the dark?" Castiel restated.
Sam automatically assumed that Dean and Cas must've been fast asleep after engaging in a long night of strenuous
"Once again... WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING HERE? Dean exclaimed.
"Why would you say -" Garth started to ask, but Dean cut him off.
"Answer me this, do you really blame me for your mother's death?" Castiel asked. The blue in his eyes now reflecting a somewhat gray tone.
Time was of the essence; Dean had absolutely no idea how much essence time was since Chamuel didn't give him Cas' ETA (estimated time of arrival). Nonetheless, time still equaled essence in his mind.
Dean shrugged his shoulders while finishing undoing the last few buttons at the bottom of Castiel's shirt. "I don't know, man. It doesn't really matter to me."
Both Dean and Cas looked over each other faces trying to catalog as many features as they could before being separated from one another.
"What?"
"7 minutes in heaven is a seven-minute game where two people get locked in a room alone together. Make sense?"
"Ummm, ok- Hold on a minute, I need to process this."
"Yes, sir!" Dean pretended to solute. Cas grinned and rolled his eyes before giving him a quick kiss on the lips.
He unlatched the bolts and pulled the door open, expecting to see Jody on the other side of it, but it wasn't her.
Castiel, however, glowered at Dean's question and shifted his gaze away from the hunter. "I never met her before I was transported back here. But from what I heard at the bachelor party, her name was Daniele, and she was way out of your league."
Dean had finally finished the tedious task of those damn buttons and slid his hands up and across Castiel's bare chest until both hands stopped on his shoulders underneath the cloth of his shirt. Castiel's shivered from the sensation of skin-on-skin contact as he closed his eyes to savor the feeling.
"So what exactly is it about this place that you like so much? I mean, I get that it has a gorgeous view, but I never knew you were the type of guy to want a victorian styled mansion."
"Now, Sit." She demanded, pushing Dean towards the bed.
"Alright..." Dean thought that would be the end of the discussion, but of course, Cas had different plans for the direction of their conversation.
"Wait, so this is the Empty?" Dean asked.
"How is the author of this card so certain that we cannot save the world in whatever scenario that has caused the world to end next week? I mean, we would definitely need a bit more context in order to prevent mass destruction as we have in the past, but we have done a lot more with much less, so I find that part of the question to be very offensive to our heroic capabilities." Castiel rambled.
The wall was smooth and cold to the touch, but it was also completely uneven. Most walls are flat, right? Dean thought to himself. But even he had to admit that he knew little to nothing about the styling of architects, so he brushed the thought aside.
"Anytime!" Dean hugged him and patted him on the back.
"Do you... Do you wanna... I don't know... talk about it?" Dean asked.
________________________________________________________________________________
The women let out an extremely annoyed sigh, " Fine if you must know; my name's Deanna Winchester. My sister Samantha and I live here with our pet angel and the daughter of the devil himself. So, if I were you, I would put the gun down and go running for the hills before any of them catch wind of you stepping onto our turf!" Deanna said, seeming to think she had the upper hand here.
Castiel kept quiet. Dean wasn't sure why, but Cas was staring intensely at the women when he glanced over to look at the angel. 'Maybe he finally found someone attractive.' Dean thought. But that didn't sit right with him. The way that Castiel was staring at Chamuel was not one of admiration but of confusion. Finally, Castiel spoke up.
Finally, Dean glanced over at the timer on the wall, which now read 6:33.
"What the hell took you so damn long?" Dean asked. His tone was full of rage, but his eyes hinted at a deeper level of concern than his actions were showing.
"Of course, it isn't what I expect because I have no idea what to expect. And you won't tell me what the hell is going on."
"That... that was different, Dean." Castiel uttered.
"I was summoned here."
"Let me guess, Dean isn't cooperating, and you need my help?"
Finally, Castiel spoke up, bringing Dean out of his daydream-like state. "You and Amara... You had a connection?"
"Don't tempt her, Dean, or else she may intensify your questions."
"Long time no see Cassie." Naya replied.
Dean forced himself up onto his feet and headed towards Room 4. The room was only a short distance away from where the boys had been seated, but it felt a lot longer than that to Dean. His legs were shaky and seemed as if they would give at any moment. His mind was weighed down by what Castiel may or may not have hinted at in the previous round. His thoughts were racing around in his head like horses running around a track.
"Then what's stopped you from going out and getting them?"
"Alright, Rachel, what's the task here? Do we have to do data analysis or take phone calls? Is this how you angels take prayers? Some weird angel call center?" Dean asked sarcastically, he knew exactly how prayers worked, but the thought of an angel phone center was too funny to pass up on mentioning in his current situation.
"Essentially, yes, that's what I'm asking."
"I needed to give you incentive. I had to know how far you were willing to go to protect your 'friend' over there." She tilted her head in the direction of Castiel.
"Ok, fine... whatever, let's just get this round started with since we both have to answer all four of the questions."
"Yep! You muchachos are done for the night. Try to get some sleep if you aren't too busy with ahem other things."
Rudy stated into Dean's train of thought.
He couldn't lose Cas, not now... not again. So Dean decided that lying would be the best option, or better yet, Dean's only option because Cas revealed his previous deal.
"Well, some nights, I would hear you call out to me. Whenever I heard you call, I would fly over to check and make sure you and Sam weren't in any danger. I assumed that you had been praying to me for aid of some sort. But every time I checked, both you and Sam were fast asleep."
"I just... I just want to hold off on the physical stuff, you know, make the wedding night more meaningful and all that jazz." Dean replied.
Dean decided to give him a minute before finally speaking up. "So I guess this is your dream reality, huh?"
The man then snapped his fingers, and suddenly the spotlight was gone. The house lights followed suit, filling the room once again with light.
Obviously, she was implying something, but Dean had no desire to find out what the something was.
"But-"
"But you must know that that's in the past now, Castiel... Can't you focus upon the here and the now? I let it go, so should you." Theo said.
"I DON'T CARE," Cas exclaimed, which quickly made the other man shut up. "I don't care that now you both know my intentions behind the entire leviathan occurrence. I may have had good intentions, but my judgment was blinded by them as well as the possible control I could gain over heaven. Near the end of that ordeal, I almost killed Sam by breaking the wall that Death had put up in his mind. I even went as low as teaming up with Crowley only to deceive him and break our so-called deal. What I did... how badly I hurt both you and your brother... it's unforgivable, and I am fucking terrified that my so-called good intentions may unintentionally lead me down the road again." Cas' wings stopped shaking only to wrap tightly around his shoulders like a safety blanket of sorts.
"I don't know, man, I suck at this type of stuff. I just thought you would...I don't know... Say more than just 'okay.'"
"No, no... I meant what you said before you said that!" Dean said in annoyance. He was already fearful of what Castiel's answer would be. He didn't like being having to restate his question multiple times.
Basically, her outfit could be that of any private school uniform, which Dean truly appreciated. The woman also had to be at least 25 or 30 years old, so he didn't need to worry about this beauty being underage, which he mentally praised the Lord for.
Dean heard Castiel's footsteps and, without hesitation, started to follow suit. It wasn't long before Dean began struggling to keep up, considering he couldn't see where he was going. Castiel rolled his eyes as Dean ran into a stalagmite.
Samantha and Deanna didn't really look too much alike for sisters. Samantha's hair was a bit longer than Deanna's, and instead of the wavey dirty blonde hair that Deanna had, Samantha had wavy long brunette locks. The only similarity Dean could notice off the bat was their similar facial structure. Either way, both these girls were extremely attractive, and obviously, they could both hold their own ground since Dean and Sam were both currently tied up. Dean knew he should be worried about this, but in all honesty, it only made the pair of women all the more attractive to Dean.
"Uhhh... yeah - yeah, I'm fine. I just hit my head, that's all... I think I need to sit down for a moment." Fake Chuck quickly grabbed him a chair as Jensen helped Castiel sit down, not wanting him to pass out or fall over.
"You mean...?" Castiel's wings perked up.
"Amara was just a manipulative bitch with brother issues!" Castiel stated bluntly, the anger evident throughout his tone.
'Brother??????" Dean thought. He was even more confused now than when he had first entered the room.
"It's just a hypothetical Cas. It doesn't have to have a full summary of all the details hidden behind the question." Dean explained.
The purpose of enrolling him in Chamuel's program was to help Dean and Cas, not to fuel Dean's anger and alcoholism.
"Fuck you! For your information, everybody loves my input! All I'm saying is maybe you should hear her out before issuing death threats! It's a little dramatic, even for you, don't you think?"
________________________________________________________________________________
"Well, Sammy? Are you waiting for me to cue you in or some shit?" Dean asked.
When Castiel walked in, he saw Dean was sitting on the edge of the bed, his right leg shaking up and down in anticipation.
"Woah Woah Woah hey, slow your roll Cas, I think I need to show you one last thing about this place before you jump to conclusions."
"But how are you so sure that that feeling is love? It could just be a crush or lust or..."
"Yeah, no thanks to you! We did all the resolving on our own." Dean proclaimed into the air leaning his head on the back of the chair!
"So...you truly don't blame me?"
"I think you may be out of luck, Kev." Mary stated with a smirk.
Samantha then walked across the room and picked up Dean's gun from the floor. "Any funny business, and I won't hesitate to shoot either one of you. Got it?" Samantha asked, casually pointing the gun at each of them.
"I don't know, man... the end of being alone, I guess. Finding the person you're stuck with for the rest of your life. Or better yet, the person you want to spend the rest of your life with."
"If your anything like your "soul twin," you will believe whatever you think is right regardless of what I say, so with that, I'm going to bed." Cas said, getting up from his chair and closing his book.
"No, as I said before, time is a different construct here. So I can't set an exact time each day for you, to be honest, but I can limit it to a specific location in the cave."
This whole thing was one big mess, and Dean honestly just wanted to be done with it all.
When a knock echoed on the solid metal door of the bunker, Dean didn't hesitate to get up. He picked up the angel blade to give to Jody and made his way up the stairs.
"Just answer the question, Dean."
Sam honestly hated himself more now than he had in a long, long time. Still, he couldn't allow himself self-pity. Dean would need him now more than ever before.
"SHOULD"
Dean instantly sat up and saw that someone was standing directly in front of the bed.
Castiel was pretty satisfied with Dean's answer. So he reached his hand over and lifted the next card. " Have you ever fallen in love at first sight?" Cas asked Dean.
"Results? What results?" Both Dean and Cas said at the same time. After they both spoke, Dean glared at the side of Castiels face, while Castiel remained focus on Rachel.
"Cassie, I know he isn't the prettiest guy in the world, but it's rude to call the less attractively inclined peculiar," Deanna said.
"Thank you, Gabriel... As I was saying, based on my ethical code of conduct, I cannot let Castiel change his original decision due to an outside party."
"I see. Well, it looks beautiful, Dean." Castiel complimented.
"I didn't answer Sam's calls because the last time you and I talked, we agreed to part ways."
Castiel finally got his bearings enough to stand up from his chair and face Dean... Jensen.
Dean let out an annoyed sigh. He hoped that his favorite gun wouldn't get scratched from skimming across the floorboards, but he listened to the women's order and kicked the gun away from him.
"Well, technically, hobbits live in holes dug on the side of small hills or banks or..."
Dean responded.
Thank goodness for the fact that using the bathroom wasn't required here, or else Dean would probably have to pee in a jar or some shit by now. Chamuel might be a dick, but she had considered things that Dean wouldn't ever think about. For example, showers, he took them when he had the time, but sometimes there was no time for it. And usually, when that happened, Sam would have to force him into the bathroom.
"It... it doesn't really make sense at all." Castiel replied.
"Oh shut up, it's just humid up here, that's all." Jensen stated, standing up. "I am going to get another drink." He stated before walking off to the bar.
"You're not too far gone Dean, we all care about you, and we want to help you get through this." Garth spoke out, apparently having followed Dean down the hallway.
"I see..."  He said.
"We were..." Castiel corrected him.
"All I need from you is for you to tell me everything you know about the magic behind the legend of Chamuel's Cave."
"Regardless, I think we should be the bigger people and let them have our rooms if they want them."
2 More Chapters Left After This
As soon as the pair left the dining room, Both of them stopped in place, staring ahead. Leaning up against the wall was a woman in a navy blue short tight dress. Her makeup was flawlessly done, and her hair was curled to cover girl perfection.
Dean let out a sigh of relief. At least now, maybe Castiel would understand why he had kissed him.
"Well, I think that the details are essential, especially in a question such as this one. For all we know, this question is based on a scenario where the majority of the human population consumed a substance that detonates when combined with alcoholic beverages, therefore, making the consumption of any alcoholic drinks deadly and the - "
Jack sighed. "I did it because Jane and I believed we could take down Chuck a lot faster if we all worked together as a team. Plus, we both were in search of a friend, and I know from personal experience that friends aren't easy to come by for people like us..." Jack answered. His tone becoming more melancholy towards the end of his explanation.
"Thank god! You were really starting to worry me, buddy." Jensen smiled at Cas.
"So, does that mean we are somehow related to these Neanderthals?" Deanna asked, directing her attention towards Samantha.
Dean had to admit, his little brother may be annoying, but damn he was a saint at setting up a romantic ambiance.
"In the hypothetical timeline here, Sam died during a simple salt and burn case gone wrong. He would help me with cases every so often, so he offered to tag along when he heard I was in town. He and Jess were engaged at the time; however, they were in a rough patch because Sam had befriended some of the wrong people and got addicted to meth."
"Well, in retrospect, I guess it's a good thing we aren't friends," O'Malley replied, ignoring the vast majority of Dean's statement. "I mean considering the fact that whoever chooses to befriend you doesn't have much of a life expectancy afterward. I am honestly shocked that Castiel made it this long."
Nonetheless, the short light blip was enough reason for Dean to insist upon getting his lazy ass out of bed so that he could search the bunker and figure out what the hell was going on.
"Ummm, well, alright." Dean said, getting off the bed and positioning himself on the floor like he had the first night. Castiel got into the actual bed but remained silent. Eventually, Dean's curiosity got the best of him.
"A women's ass, that's my biggest turn-on!"
"Wait - so let me guess CasTiel, emphasis on the T,  is an angel of the Lord and you met, whatever his name is, when you "firmly grabbed him and raised him from the fiery depths of hell?" Deanna asked, saying the last line in a low tone to mock the pitch of Castiel's voice.
Castiel looked down and smiled. "It's your turn to read again." He stated.
Dean had never planned to
"Yes, that's exactly what I mean! The only difference is that this one was much smaller and much more controlled. I speculate that he had been practicing the specific ability of opening and closing portals. Jack was then able to slip the envelope through the rift, and it closed behind it."
"I highly doubt that, Castiel." Chamuel's voice stated.
She was hot. Dean would never deny that fact which was the first thought to pop into his mind if he was honest. If he had met her at some sort of bar or something, he would have inevitably flirted with her. But this wasn't a bar, this was his kitchen, and she had no business being in it.
"That sounds like a reasonable trade." Cas responded.
Castiel leaned closer to Dean to reach out and grab the suitcase handle so that he could roll it over to the elevator. Dean blushed a bit from being so close to Castiel. Sure they had been close before, Chamuel had practically forced him to make out with Cas in the cave, but this Cas was different, which made this situation so much more nerve-wracking.
"So then it was similar to the handprint I left on you when I raised you from perdition? The one that symbolized our profound bond."
Well, if that's the case, maybe Jensen and Dean were more similar than Castiel had originally thought.
"But you are also attracted to men?"
"You never answered my previous question." Castiel replied, squinting his eyes as if to observe Dean's reaction better.
"So tell me, Cas..." Dean continued speaking, "What do you think is my most annoying trait? I would
Dean walked into the room, refusing to see if Castiel was following or not. Of course, Castiel had followed close behind, but he didn't understand why Dean was no longer acknowledging his presence. At first, Cas thought he might have said something wrong, but he figured that wasn't the case for Dean's actions.
"Think of me as you will, but I am only here to help you both resolve the issues you have. You may not trust me, but there is a method to my madness, and the sooner you give in to it, the quicker you will be able to leave this place."
"Damn, alright then." Dean muttered. They were standing just past the inside entryway of the home. The entryway contained a large glass window above the doors and a medium-sized crystal chandelier hanging above the center of the room. Off to one side was a long hallway, while the other side contained a staircase to the upper floor.
"Okay... so then please - enlightenment me!" Dean directed, folding his arms.
"...Hold on a second, you have had sex before, right?" Deanna asked.
"Ohhhhh...So you are Jensen Ackles?" Cas stated.
"... no, I hated it... It was like my worse nightmare came true."
"You don't think my pride could withstand losing a game that's played for childish fun? You really... you truly think I am that shallow?"
"I'm not sure it doesn't specify a time period..." Castiel replied.
"So what then? You want to stay in this drabby cave for the rest of eternity?"
His eyes shifted to Castiels lips.
"Just in time, Jared, thank you!" Jensen exclaimed while helping Cas hold the bag of ice to his head.
Chamuel sighed before continuing again. "As I was saying... Castiel's change of choice was highly influenced by you, Dean. It wouldn't be ethical for me to let him change his mind because of another person's ideology. The good news is that I will allow Castiel to reevaluate his original decision in three months. But until then, you both will have to wait."
Dean let out a small laugh. Of course, the angel wanted to know the exact specifics of the game they were being forced to play. Castiel used to be such a rule follower but now... Now Cas seemed to live by his own rules. Maybe his old coding was resurfacing or something. Either way, Dean decided to explain the game's objectives so that he and Castiel could get out of here. The sooner the left, the sooner Dean could attempt to find a solution to Castiel's deal with the empty. Now that he knew that was a factor, he never was going to let it happen. Not to Cas. Nope! Dean would rather die a million deaths than lose Cas to something so.... so.... so well empty and bland. The empty was nothingness, and Cas deserved eternal bliss more than any person he had ever known.
"DNA test? What are you talking about?" Dean asked, still as confused as before when she handed him the hairbrush. But Castiel's eyes widened in realization.
"What about Amara?.... Wait, are you jealous or something, Cas?" Dean said, not even attempting to hide the smirk in his voice.
"So... is that why I saw the shadow of your wings back at that abandoned shack when we first met?" Dean asked.
Cas knew what this gesture meant. Dean was separating himself from his touch, signifying that he didn't want this. Castiel came too late. His heart sank in his chest, but just before he was about to take a step back, Dean launched forward and connected his lips with Castiel's.
Cas had a point. Dean would do anything to protect his brother from any version of total damnation.
"What happens now?"
________________________________________________________________________________
"Well, how about you just hold onto my wrist or even my arm instead?" Dean asked.
Dean spun around, trying to find the source of the noise, only to see Gabriel standing directly behind. He was carrying a silver tray with two glasses of water on it alongside two small cups with what Dean could only guess were more magical drugs inside of it.
"DEAN MOVE!" Castiel yelled before quickly jumping the man to push him out of the way.
"Welcome to Room 4, gentlemen!" The man in the fedora greeted them with a tip of his hat.
"So... you're uncomfortable of the dark?"
"Then why are you here?" He asked.
Dean opened his mouth to speak but decided against it. After what he had just said to Castiel during twister, he didn't want to sacrifice the angel getting a full night's rest. It may sound stupid, but in a way, this was Dean's attempt at apologizing to Cas for what he had said. Castiel may not even know that he was awake, but if he did, then he might notice the hunter's effort not to draw attention to the fact that he had just crawled into his bed.
Once the gun had slid to a halt, Dean was able to swiftly shift his eyes around the room, which was how he was able to spot his brother. Sam was currently still in his pj's and apparently tied up to his desk chair with a sock stuffed in his mouth.
, Dean thought. It turns out he had been in such a bewildered state of mind after hearing the new task that he just zoned out entirely.
Dean smirked at the unintended innuendo hidden in Castiel's wording.
"Cas..." Dean says with his eyes closed and his fingers clasped on the bridge of his nose. "I have just one - one small question...Why in the hell is this one of your favorite memories? Because if you don't remember, an hour later, Lucifer was popped free from the cage because Sam killed Lilith! So please enlighten me on what I am missing from this that makes it one of your top 5?" He asked, dropping his hand to his side in exasperation and stared at Cas with complete confusion.
"Oh umm, alright... that's pretty righteous, I guess!" Dean smirked to himself even if the righteous joke went right over Castiels head.
"You and Dean have done a swell job at completing each and every task. Even though Dean's attitude is hardly tolerable, to say the least, I can only commend you both for a job well done so far." Chamuel replied, still not looking up from her desk.
At this moment, Jared came over with a bag of ice and handed it to Cas.
"Shut up, Gabriel! No one in the history of ever has asked for your input." Dean replied.
"Well, that makes sense since this isn't Jack's room. It's Jane's!" Deanna stated.
"Ughhh, Gabriel, I should have known." Dean rolled his eyes before looking over to see Castiel's chin was now resting on his shoulder, which made him instantly smile.
While Jared was over at the bar, two men came up to Jensen and Cas.  And Cas immediately recognized both of them.
On the other hand, he could just choose to become human and maybe get to spend the rest of his life on earth with Dean and Sam.
"And let me guess, you aren't planning to admit it to him anytime soon, are you?" Deanna asked.
"You know, Dean; we will have to leave this room at one point or another. Weren't you the one who wanted to leave this place as soon as possible?" Castiel asked.
"No, no, this is fine... it's good, really. I could get used to this." Dean replied.
"Well, you could have qued me in on this plan before you just kissed me out of nowhere!" Castiel exclaimed, still not looking directly at Dean.
Dean was more confused now than he was when they were going back and forth about the dimensions and all that shit. "What do you mean the
"Am I wrong? Because I know I'm not." Dean said.
Sam, of course, was heartbroken from their losses as well, but not too the same severity as Dean was.
"Well, yeah, of course I am." Dean replied, thinking that that was the dumbest question Cas could ever ask.
Rudy replied.
Dean scoffed at her response.
He was looking down now. He didn't want to know what facial expression Castiel had after he gave such an honest response. It wasn't like him to be so honest, but he knew that these questions were probably only going to get harder. If he wanted to trick anyone or any card into thinking he was telling the truth, it would be in his best interest to use that lifeline later on.
"Yes, I do, in fact." Chamuel remained calm and didn't seem at all threatened by the angry hunter that stood in front of her. "Have you heard of play therapy? It is typically a therapeutic method used with children who cannot yet verbalize their internal emotions. Long explanation short, I have developed my own type of play therapy for adults in order to help them resolve their conflicts and other types of emotional disputes. So, when I am summoned for a worthy cause, I put together an array of trials and games to solve whatever the underlying issue is."
Cas never came back to the bunker... meaning that Dean had sat at the table waiting for three whole days.
Dean's focus went from Cas to the flowers, then back again. He was so confused, but he knew he needed to play along with whatever was happening here.
Castiel followed silently behind Dean until they finally made it to his room. Dean opened the door and tugged Cas inside before closing and locking it. Then Dean went to the wall and dimmed the lights, all while toeing off his shoes.
Castiel took a deep breath. He hated that this last challenge seemed like it would be separate from Dean, but if he wanted to reunite with him, then he needed to complete this task.
"Umm, so should we continue now, or are we going to keep up this staring contest?" Dean joked.
Dean was speechless. He had no idea what to say or even how they could get out of this room now. But Castiel continued speaking.
Dean took another step forward. "What I think you are saying is... you want me. Am I right, or am I right?" Dean smirked at Castiel despite the angel still not meeting his eye contact.
Castiel shook his head from side to side. "I never had to sleep much before, Dean, so how would I know about this phenomenon?"
"Yes, I am referring to that."
"I told you before... I cannot stop the program. Once it's set into place, not even I have the power to end it. You can't leave until after part 5 is completed." A saddened look overcame her face. She looked like a child who just had to tell their parent that they had failed a midterm.
"My name is Chamuel." She replied. "And there's nothing you need to be worried about here. I only want to assist you boys in solving your ongoing issues with one another."
Cas glared at Dean before continuing his explanation. "...Nonetheless, Jack was acting peculiar in regards to how he normally acts." He replied, turning to face the girls standing on the opposite of the semicircle that the six of them had formed in the hallway. "I had mentioned this observation to Sam and Dean last week, but we saw no pressing reason for us to intervene. So we all just continued on with our own business, but I kept a closer eye on Jack just to see if I could discover why he was acting strange."
"... Hello, Dean."
"BUT that's not all you and Dean have in common." Castiel stated and pretended that he talked to Dean instead of Jensen since he knew Dean so much better. "You're both are a lot more complex than you portray yourself to be. You have so many great qualities, which are evident from the numerous kind words spoken here before me tonight. All your talents and characteristics are so phenomenal that it's hard to believe that one person alone can possess them all. But you do... and so does Dean. I know I am barely skimming the surface here of all that could be said, but you can't capture light, and therefore no words would serve you justice Jensen. It's hard to believe that any woman could be worthy of your lifelong commitment, but I'm... I'm thrilled you found someone you want to spend the rest of your life with. That's all I - I could ever want for you. I wish you and your future life to be just as bright as you made my life. Congratulations, De-Jensen!"
"Well..., what exactly does this game entail?" Castiel asked.
The room once again filled with the sound of moving rocks. "Another cave-in?" Dean questioned, preparing himself for impact just in case Cas jumped him again.
"Good boy!" Gabriel responded with a smirk that only made Castiel glare back at him in response. "Now, let's jump into the rules of the last round! I believe Chamuel explained some of it earlier, but now I get to do the honors of restating what you already know. Think of it as a refresher and listen close cause I am only going to explain this once. You got it?"  Gabriel asked.
Everyone but Dean smiled in victory. Donna got up out of her chair and made her way around the table to hug Dean.
"Well...typically, no, and even when you could, you risk redirecting the future, which, as you already know from previous experiences, is far too risky even to attempt... I don't understand where you are going with this." Rowena replied.
Strangely enough, neither one of them felt uncomfortable being so close. For a solid minute or two, they just stared at one another in the eyes. It was like they both were trying to read the other's mind.
"Ok, so in a lame-man term, I'm fucking right? Right?"
Marriage was never in the cards for Dean before, and now he was suddenly forced into a world where, in just around 48 hours, he would be standing at the alter across from another dimension's version of his best friend, Castiel. Make sense? Because if not, that's alright. Dean couldn't really process it either.
"7 minutes..." Theo replied.
"ALRIGHT... YES, OKAY, IT WAS ME... but Rowena helped."
"Who are you?" Castiel asked while slightly stepping forward in front of Dean.
Sam knocked, but there was no response. He tried to open the door, but it was bolted. Whatever had happened had made Dean upset enough to shut the world out. Leaving Sam no other option but to wait until his brother confided in him.
Castiel still paid him no attention. So instead, Dean used his hand, which was still placed on Castiel's shoulder, to spin the man around as he had originally planned to do before the wings made their flash appearance. Castiel turned around without struggling and stared directly into Dean's eyes.
"Mmmm - Dean... you feel... this feels so-"
"This cave has been warded for many years, and each day those enchantments are only getting stronger by building off of Chamuel's grace. Meaning, the Empty or any other cosmic host have no jurisdiction here unless Chamuel allows them to."
Neither man said anything. Neither man looked at one another. Both men just stood in silence. They both needed to process different things about what had just happened between them.
Dean squinted his eyes in confusion before he followed Castiel's eyes down to his own hand. "Oh uh no... this isn't for you. I mean, I wasn't going to, you know - Uhm, Jody was supposed to come by to pick it up."
Dean refused to wait for Castiel to respond to his answer. He didn't need the angel's pity or sympathy or any of that bullshit, so he picked the next card up. "What was your first impression of me?" Dean asked, finally looking towards Castiel again.
"There is a rule against human and angel relations, but I stopped listening to Heaven a long time ago. Gender has nothing to do with what attracts me to a person."
"CAS!" Dean exclaimed as he chuckled light-heartedly. Cas was damn persistent when he wanted to be. So, Dean knew that to get the angel to shut up, he would have to convince him he was wrong. "Look, buddy, I don't care if you have your heavenly mojo or not. Sam and I don't have powers, and despite our many mistakes, I like to think that we still have helped people from time to time! My point is you don't need superpowers to make a difference. If you have the will to do good, which I know you do, then you are already 100 steps ahead of 95% of humanity."
"It's really that simple?" Castiel asked with a cautious tone.
"Dean... this is just your room... why would you show me this? My own room in the bunker is practically identical to this one." Castiel tilted his head.
? Whose, second choice?"
"Ok... what the hell in that question is confusing to you?" Dean asked.
"Untie my friends first, then I will tell you everything I know so far. Is that a reasonable deal?"
"It means..." Castiel replied as he started to stand up so he could face the hunter directly. "It means that I have absolutely no idea about what going on here."
Castiel walked over to the table to take his seat. "Do you wanna go first, or should I?"
"I think it means that it takes two people to open the door."
Dean decided to help him fill in the blanks because he understood why Cas enjoyed meeting Jack. Out of all three of them, Cas must miss Jack the most. Jack was his responsibility after Kelly died. Then Lucifer killed him too. It was a miracle that Castiel was brought back at all, but considering the son of Satin excepted Cas as his makeshift father, that was another miracle in itself. And all of that held true whether Jack killed Mary or not. Jack was gone now.
Dean sighed, remembering that he needed to word himself carefully now that he could only speak the truth and nothing but the truth so help me God.
"But how... if your father never really got into the hunting lifestyle, how are they a part of your life here?"
"I'm doomed!" Kevin said, slapping his free hand to his forehead.
Dean's eyes widened. "You mean you're... you're actually Gabriel like... Gabriel from my universe?!"
"Ok, yes, but who else?" Projection Dean asked.
"Until you left the cave... yes." She answered, and based on her expression Castiel could tell she was telling him the truth.
"I better go intervene before things take a turn for the worse. The last time I attempted to wait it out, hair-pulling was involved, and Dea refused to go out without wearing a baseball for a month. I'll… see you both out there in a minute, correct?" Cassie asked as she walked forward before turning around at the doorway to face the two brothers.
"You just got back." Sam stated. "So, don't you think we should talk about what you experienced in Chamuel's relationship rehabilitation program?... Also, speaking of, where's Cas?" He asked.
"No... No. You see, we did not agree to part ways... you left. End of story."
"True." Sam agreed.
"I Ummm I..." Castiel stuttered, trying to grasp what exactly was going on here. He had heard what fake Dean said, but he didn't understand a single bit of it.
"There was umm... there was a wedding!" Castiel mumbled. He wanted to be honest with Dean, but human honesty didn't mean revealing all the details. So Cas went with the bare minimum.
"But... Uh, isn't there some rule about, you know... not sleeping with the groom before the wedding?" Dean asked, trying to take any out he could get in this situation.
Dean sniffled, not knowing until that moment that hot tears were currently running down his cheeks. "Cas... I thought - I thought that you decided I wasn't worth the sacrifice. When you were a no-show, I thought you chose to stay with Chamuel. I doubted you, and maybe if I didn't jump to conclusions, we could have gotten you home quicker. I'm so sorry, Cas.
"Do you think that if I knew jack was capable of such a thing that I would have kept it from you? Yes, I saw him acting strange. I witnessed him turn a snake into ashes. It wasn't done maliciously; it was cold. Jack saw what he considered to be a problem, and he fixed it. But I had no idea that his weird behavior would lead to any of this."
"Oh really? How?" Dean asked, tilting his head to the side a bit to mock the angel.
A voice said in the back of his mind.
"Sure! But the moment I get back, let's get this party started." Jared, aka fake Sam, replied before running over to the bar.
"Oh, don't act like you don't know!"
"It will probably make this whole conversation a lot more coherent, so yes." Cas answered seriously.
Castiel nodded.
"DONE!" Castiel exclaimed, setting the empty cup of water down onto the table in front of him. "Now tell me, what does it do?"
Dean scoffed. "You can't be serious. You expect us to take some random ass pill with who knows what inside. Do you think we're that stupi..."
"It means what trait makes you want to get it on with someone!" Dean replied, smirking to himself when his mind brought up past encounters where he himself got it on.
"I can't do that." Sam replied.
"When - ummmm... When was this?"
Jack looked up at Projection Cas and then at Projection Dean, still smiling as widely as his tiny face would allow.
"I never knew it would be like this." Cas admitted.
"But then why move at all?" Cas asked.
"Thanks… I guess?" Dean uttered, not sure exactly how to respond to that comment.
Dean sighed. "I didn't even accuse you of anything yet, Jack!"
"Do you... Do you wish it would go back to that type of simplicity?" Castiel said barely above a whisper as if the thought alone saddened him.
"The mark of Cain did strange things to me, man. It linked me to her somehow. The thing didn't really come with a warning label, you know?" Dean said, attempting to ease the tension that was now filling the surrounding air.
"I seriously don't..."
Dean easing himself out of bed. He moved slowly as if he was approaching a baby deer. He didn't want to spoke off this winged creature.
"Correctamundo, my name is Rachiel, but just call me Rachel (it makes it easier for autocorrect lol)!"
"Ok, so let me see if I got this straight," Dean said ignoring Chamuel's recent statement. " So I can speak as I want anywhere except the weird hub room with all the surrounding doors? So, like in rooms 2-5 and the bedroom, I don't have to be honest unless I decide to so?"
"Who the hell are you?" Dean asked the women sitting in the desk chair. "And where the hell are we?"
He grabbed some toilet paper to stop the bleeding before walking out of the bathroom. Dean sighed loudly while falling backward onto the bed. He had legit just got Cas back, and now what would his friend think of him?
"That string of words has no logical meaning."
Realization spread over Castiels face when he suddenly understood the depth of Dean's question. Typically Dean refused to acknowledge emotion-related topics, but right now, he was instigating it. Cas knew not to take this change in Dean lightly. However, he couldn't spook Dean right now either. Anything too emotionally true may offset him, so Castiel decided his answer needed to be blunt and honest.
"Superstitions, do you have any ?" Dean asked again.
"I refuse to let you fail, Dean."
Castiel could only respond by rolling his eyes.
Dean's eyes were still wide with bewilderment and shock as he followed out behind his brother. How could he have not seen the oh-so-clear pattern that was right underneath his nose? Why would he flirt with Cassie when deep in his subconscious, he knew that she truly reminded him of Castiel? All three of the women he just met were hot in his terms, but yet the only one he flirted with before Sam brought up his theory was the female embodiment of Castiel, his best friend. This was all far too confusing, and Dean really just wanted whatever the hell this was to be some strange fever dream. However, it was sadly all too real for this to be just another nightmare.
"Look at me, please." Dean requested. Castiel opened his eyes, and Dean brought up his free hand to hold cup Castiel's cheek. "We are going to take this one step at a time, okay? You're fucking right. This is new for both of us. But right now, I want to show you how I feel about you in the one way I know how. There's no rush now; you're home Cas. You're with me, and you're home!"
Castiel shook his head with a confused look, and Dean sighed.
"Well, I think that this is pointless. Anyway, what's your answer?"
"I just... I just want to go to sleep now." Castiel replied.
"Ok, Rachel, are we done? Can we go to bed now, or are you going to force us to watch some
"Well yeah, it's the kinda future I hope to one day have well despite the different plot points and such cause I don't think I could change my past even if I tried." Dean replied.
This was definitely not the right thing to say because Castiel just glared at him and rolled his eyes.
The sight was enough to drag his instincts out of their slumber. Castiel quickly propped himself up onto his elbows, separating their chest slightly.
"Cas, calm down!" Dean put both his hands on Castiel's shoulders and looked him in the eyes. "Breathe slowly before you pass out or something. You were two minutes late. You didn't miss a thing. We kinda needed you before we could start."
"DEAN!" Castiel yelled, interrupting Dean."You wanted me dead, so I left. That's the end of the story. I thought that you and your brother were in danger, and since I had not replied to any of your brother's attempts to communicate with me that this was your SOS signal."
"Ooooo," Dean said, sounding surprisingly enthusiastic for once, "I think this is where we get to use our superpowers."
Dean's eyes automatically latched on to Castiel's length, which was now bobbing up and down along with the movements Cas made to take his boxers off. The view was stunning. Dean's licked his lips in nervous anticipation. But before he could get his fill at the sight, Cas was leaning over him, feet still on the floor beside the bed, as he grabbed the fabric on Dean's waist and practically tore it off him.
"... You are trying to say... you were worried about my wellbeing to such an extent you wanted to overthrow Chamuel to get me back?"
Dean got up and walked straight into room three without turning around. He didn't want Castiel to see the blush that now filled his face.
Castiel's eyes sparkled in the dim lighting. "I love you too!" He smiled.
"Alright, fine... whatever, you wanna keep it to yourself, then go ahead. Just tell me how the heck I am supposed to use the projection magic thing."
Finally, Dean came to a conclusion. He hated it, but it was sure to make Castiel at least loosen his grip on Dean.
"Ok, even I have to admit that's kind of awesome." Dean replied. Maybe this place isn't as bad as he originally had thought. Dean quickly popped the blue pill into his mouth before his realistic view of the situation could set in again. He slurped down the cup of water and placed it on the table.
"But would you have done so if it wasn't for this program?" Chamuel's voice asked.
"Oh, hiya Dean!" Donna exclaimed, putting down her mug and smiling at him.
"What's the task?" Castiel asked, tilting his head to the right a bit as if to prove he was curious.
"...Out of all the movies we have watched, you had to pick that one?" Dean questioned, and Castiel just nodded, content with his choice. "Okay, fine, whatever. I can work with that one because it does include a montage." Castiel tilted his head but this time widened his eyes with curiosity. "Do you remember the part of the movie where Rapunzel is starring up at the ceiling and keeps seeing the sun symbol throughout all her artwork? Well, before she realizes that she is actually kidnapped royalty, many old memories flash up on the screen, one after another. That movie did the montage thing extremely fast though, I guess we probably need to go through each memory you pick a little more at a normal pace than that."
"Yeah yeah, sure, sunshine, you did great!" Dean replied sarcastically. "Now, just FYI, I am not doing this in order of how sad these events made me. That alone is an extremely morbid thing to do if I put them in any ranking order. Instead, I am just doing it by people and category. We will start with my fuck ups because, as you know, I hate admitting to them. So I want those out of the way." Dean stated, closing his eyes and changing their surroundings.
"And that question makes you uncomfortable?" asked Castiel.
"I already gave Chamuel my answer."
However, that short response made Dean extremely anxious. Had Castiel and him experienced the same thing as he did? Is that why Cas was so upset right now? Did he not approve of the concept of them finally being together without monsters or demons? Would that really be something that would upset him so much?
"Yes." He responded bluntly.
The dinner went by without a single hitch. The food was great, and everyone was laughing and all around just enjoying themselves. Dean still had no idea what Gabriel had meant about his challenge coming up soon. Was the dinner suppose to be a challenge? Because if it was, he didn't mind this challenge at all.
Both men looked at her bewildered. They had no idea what was happening on the screen or what any of it meant.
Dean sighed somewhat in relief, but Chamuel kept talking."I noticed how much stress that spell put on you, Dean. Can I ask why that is? Is being honest with Castiel so hard for you to do?"
Dean rolled his eyes. He hated being imitated, but at the same time, he also understood that the angel was still learning the behavior of people, so he let it slide and kept his comments to himself.
Castiel reached over and picked up a card. "
Within a brief moment, the shock in Castiels eyes fluttered away and instead was replaced with a look of trust and adoration. His sturdy stance had softened tremendously since Dean first stepped into his personal space, and suddenly he was leaning in closer to Dean. Cas briefly broke their eye contact to glance down towards Dean's lips. It happened so quickly that no one else would have noticed, but Dean did, and it made his heart skip a beat.
"I am not your friend or pal or buddy or anything for that matter. All I want to do is to finish whatever the fuck this game is so that I can go home, drink a beer and figure out how to deal with Chuck." Dean stated.
"In your fucking dreams, bow legs."
"Shiiit!" The toddler repeated.
________________________________________________________________________________
"You listen to me, lady. I just got this angel right where I've wanted him for years, and I'm not letting him go without a fight. Understand?" He lifted his eyebrow in question.
Photo #1 - DeviantArt Artist: DanglingThpider
"Don't peg me for an idiot, Castiel. If there's one thing, I understand it's men."
"Well, does she... or he... hey, I don't judge - Does that person or angel feel the same way about you?" Dean asked.
"This isn't a freaking Disney movie Gabriel."
"Like I said, bro... Deano here will explain." He put a hand on Castiel's shoulder. "It was really great to see you again, Cassie!"
Cas nodded since words weren't an option for him right now.
And why did the name Jensen Ackles sound so familiar to him?
Dean looked down at the floor, defeated.
"Overdramatic???.... Ha.... Trust me, baby bro, I am being just the right amount of dramatic after all the trauma this place has put me through."
"Hello Dean, Castiel." She greeted them. Her face was much more distraught than she had been in any of their previous encounters, though.
"You know your brother is only doing this because he cares about you, right?" Garth asked.
Dean looked back and forth between the two women, trying to size them up and figure out their agenda. Instead of prying for details about what they were up to, he decided to step into left field. "Where's Sam?" He deadpanned.
Late one night, Dean was alone in the bunker. Sam had gone to help Donna with a vamps nest in her neck of the woods and told Dean to sit this one out. Plus, Jody was supposed to stop by the bunker sometime in the next two days to pick up some hunting supplies. Apparently, Claire had snatched the angel blade that Sam and Dean had given Jody and booked it across state lines for a solo hunt. So, Jody wanted to have another one on hand just to stay on the safe side.
It was Dean, well the man looked exactly like Dean, but it wasn't his Dean. That much was clear just from the outfit that this Dean was wearing. He had on a black button-up shirt and nice gray slacks along with black shoes that looked like they were worth more than his Dean's entire wardrobe back at the bunker.
Sammy gave Dean his most convincing puppy dog face.
"Yes, I quite enjoyed it when you, Sam, and I watched the one movie about the girl with the extremely long blonde hair and the brilliant little chameleon!" Cas said while internally reminiscing about his favorite parts of the film.
"Ohhh, so you were spying on him?" Deanna quirked up her eyebrows in question.
Dean rolled his eyes. "Yeah, I bet he was... you know what, I'm sick and tired of his nosy bullshit. This ends now." Dean began pushing his way past Garth, but Garth put a hand out to stop Dean in his tracks. Garth was a whole lot stronger than he used to be, so Dean was forced to comply.
"Dean... I can explain!" Jack said offensively.
Dean tried, but he was still drawing a blank. "Hell, I don't know, some angel who found that hottest vessel on planet earth that just happens to be into wearing the same uniform as a catholic school girl?"
Samantha put her hands up in surrender.
Dean slowly drifted back to sleep once he heard Castiel's breathing level out.
"Ok…"
Dean rolled his eyes and walked over to sit next to Cas. _______________________________________________________________________________
"Sami, what are you doing? We had the upper hand here." When she noticed Cassie was untying Dean, Deanna said, "Whose side are you on anyway, Cassie?"
"Have I what?"
Maybe he could play off his confusion as a side effect of his injury.
"Alright then... so I guess we need to kiss our way out of this situation, huh?"
"It was a cave-in. And now... well now there are hundreds if not thousands of rocks blocking our exit." Cas replied while getting up off of Dean's chest and grabbed his friend's arm to help him to his feet.
Dean scoffed. "Yeah, uhuh right... like I would believe anything from you."
Castiel turned to directly face Sam and Dean. "Do either of you recall when I had mentioned to you last week that I thought Jack was acting a bit odd?" He asked.
"This is your journey, Dean. I just stopped by to tell you that I will be by your side no matter what happens in here or out there. You always have me, and I will always support you no matter what. I want you to be happy and hopefully this program could be the start of something new for you!"
Dean swallowed nervously, suddenly overcome with emotion and nostalgia. "Well... either way, the main point is you were a major part in me and Sammy's epic supernatural journey, and because of that, you deserve a place front and center of my hypothetical memoir that, as I told you before, will never actually exist."
"I thought what I wanted was pretty clear from what we were just doing a minute ago before someone rudely interrupted it! But fine, you want me to say it, I'll say it. I want you, Cas."
Sam's heart broke for his brother. He couldn't imagine the pain Dean must be going through right now. And on top of all that, Sam knew he was responsible for all this. If he had never enrolled Dean and Cas into Chamuel's program, then maybe they could've worked their issues out alone.
"I'm here to level out the playing field." Gabriel stated, handing them both a pill and a glass of water. "The sooner you both take your unprescribed drugs, the sooner I can explain the rules for this final round, and then I'll be on my merry way."
Dean opened his mouth to retaliate but ended up just closing it because his curiosity wanted to know what was about to occur.
"Why would Sam do that?"
"So... what about Jack?" Cas didn't want to ask, but he wanted to know if Jack existed in Dean's fantasy land since he didn't see him at the bar and Dean had yet to mention him.
"What other options are there?" Castiel asked curiously.
Therefore, it seemed safe for him to head on downstairs without the threat of seeing his brother in some scarring, intimate position.
"Neither option I gave you Castiel was evil in nature or circumstance." Chamuel stated, still oblivious to the flaws in both of her options.
"But he did have the right intentions behind it." Cas retaliated.
Anxiety meds... doctor... what the frick was he talking about? This other Dean sounded more and more like a wimp instead of a hunter. Nonetheless, Dean had to play along. "Uh yeah yeah... they really mellowed me out for the flight." He lied.
"Boredom is a luxury that I have yet to experience since meeting the Winchester sisters, but I typically take an hour or two out each night to experience the peace and beauty of nature by strolling through the surrounding wooded area."
Castiel finally tilted his head down and faced Dean.
However, when Dean's hand touched the angel's trench-coated shoulder, a bright flash filled the room. Dean probably would have been blinded from the flash if it wasn't for his quick knee-jerk reaction to shut his eyes. Thank Chuck for his lightning-fast reflexes.
At that moment, the bedroom door opened, and Castiel walked in. He looked like a man who had just seen a ghost for the first time. Or, better yet, he looked like an actual ghost. His skin was pale, and his eyes were wide with shock.
"I'm Sam Winchester, I'm a hunter, and I'm on a bit of a health kick recently."
"I'm so so so sorry I am late. We had so many errands to run, and then Gabe forced me to stop at this candy shop, and before I knew it, we were off schedule and-"
Castiel hardly ever cussed, so something must honestly be bugging him about his experience. Dean put a pin in that, but before he confronted Cas about it, he needed answers. "Well, who was getting married..?" Dean attempted to ask nonchalantly. He was still somewhat nervous that Castiel still experienced something similar to what he did behind his door.
But now he had to think about it because Chamuel forced him into a world where he and Cas were not only together, but they were also getting married. The thoughts alone made Dean's head spin, and for the life of him, he couldn't figure out what game Chamuel wanted him to play here.
"Sounds good to me!" Cas replied.
"Jane…" Cassie muttered, staring at the young girl. "Why didn't you talk to us about this before you and Jack combined bunkers?"
Dean was unable to control his honesty and read the card out loud. "It says - Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?"
"What's up?" Dean questioned.
"Well, just amuse me and finish answering the question. Why was the 4th of July when you were kids the best day of your life?" The angel leaned forward a bit, hinting that he was inquisitive about the question.
Castiel sighed. "It's not really a confession I want to discuss with anyone."
Sam turned back to the female angel and gave her his best 'my brother is an idiot so, please don't listen to him type smile. "Don't worry about it, Cassie. My brother isn't always the best with words," Sam explained.
It took Dean two and a half hours to finish running all over creation to complete his errands. During that time, he hit the grocery store, the barber, and the flower shop. He felt like the Flash with how fast he was in and out of each shop.
"I am neither her friend nor do I like her in the romantic sense if that's what the term '
Dean thought about getting up and moving to the floor, but his restless eyes were exhausted, and the bed was far more comfortable than the floor had been on his back.
"I'm human, you idiot!" The girl responded.
Dean burst out laughing. "Cas - Buddy - I don't think it's asking you about a sin you take pleasure in." He explained.
"Look, Buddy... to be honest,  yeah, I was just doing what I to do to get out this cave.... but I didn't know about your deal or anything else. I just want to leave here, man.  I want to get back to the bunker with Sammy and you..."
"Well, either way, I am proud of you... I am sure that the meds will help you a lot when we fly to Japan in a few days."
"Jerk!" Sami and Sam both said simultaneously.
"Yep, Gertie Dean Fitzgerald. And I swear on my life that if Gertie was born a boy instead, then her first and middle name would have been switched. I'm sorry I should have told you sooner. I never meant to make you feel unworthy, when in fact, you have always been the hunter I looked up to since the day we met. Well, you and Bobby, of course."
"Ah yes... I'll be sure to make all the use of my honesty while I have the chance." Dean said with all the sass he could muster up. He was still somewhat jealous that Cas got a supercool ability, and yet he was stuck with the ability to tell the truth, and nothing but the truth when in the center room. But all of this would soon be over, and Dean was ready for that.
Castiel must've noticed his confused look because he patted the spot on the bed beside him and pulled back the covers for Dean.
"Well, technically, my vessel is male, but I'm neither male nor female. But regardless, what is a soul twin?"
"Whatever, let's just move this along and be done with this stupid fucking round... What's your answer?" Dean said frustratedly.
"Why are you laughing?" Castiel asked while tilting his head slightly in confusion.
Dean was about to ask Castiel to go on to the next memory. However, when the hunter looked over at the angel standing beside him, he found that Castiel was still smiling at the frozen scene laid out in front of them.
"Alright, well, how many girls have you kissed?" Castiel asked.
Samantha nodded back at Jane and smiled before turning out the light and closing the door.
"I'm fine. I'm just a bit confused that all." Cas admitted.
"It probably does break some ethical standards, but if any ethics or morals applied here, do you really think we would be keeping you both held hostage here?" Rachel replied.
"Yeah, that's exactly right! What else would you like me to say?" Castiel asked, tilting his head slightly.
Dean still hadn't really gotten a good look at the woman, but she was definitely taller than Deanna was. However, both women were still shorter than Dean, which meant that he could definitely take them both down when the time was right, and he no longer had a knife poking his throat. Timing was crucial in these situations.
Once Castiel had left the bedroom, he saw that Dean was already positioned in his chair at the card table. Cas slowly made his way across the room and took his seat for what he thought maybe the last time.
"Why'd you stop?" Dean asked, sounding far more innocent than he probably ever intended to.
The kiss was short and sweet, but it was enough to convey all the joy that Dean was feeling in the current moment.
________________________________________________________________________________
Jensen grabbed Castiels arm before he could walk over towards the bar. Then Jensen took a step closer to Cas and continued to get closer until his mouth was directly next to Castiel's ear.
"You're welcome, Dean." Cas grinned like he just had won some sort of mental game that he was playing. Dean had no choice but to admit defeat this time. Usually, his ego would not let a guy compare his physical appearance to a Disney princess. But Cas was different, so Dean let him get away with what most things other men would be socked in the gut for.
"So… what's your damn point?"
Chamuel looked genuinely shocked, but only for a split second, then her mannerism went back to her typical stoic one.
"Sup, Broheim!" Gabriel greeted.
"It's an island in the Caribbean Sea located off the South-East coast of Africa."
"... Are you?" Cas asked Dean solemnly.
"No right to what, Cas?" Dean asked, and suddenly there was a harsh tug of the fabric at the front of his shirt. He could feel Castiel's hot breath on his face as the angel seemed to be standing directly in front of him, breathing heavily. It sounded like he was about to explode or something from the hot air that was now emanating from his vessel. Dean stood frozen in the angel's grasp. He didn't know or speaking or moving would set off the celestial being, but he didn't want to find out. For once in his life, Dean decided to wait patiently for a response. A few moments passed, and eventually, Castiel let out a deep sigh, releasing Dean from his clutches.
"Dean... I DID leave Chamuel's cave after the three months." Cas explained.
Dean must have been admiring Castiel's wings for a bit too long because Cas had suddenly decided to speak up.
Castiel's face went flush. "You... no ... no, that's not possible."
Dean, on the other hand, knew he had to lose. He hoped that Castiel's competitive side would be enough to cause him to play his best. But one thing he knew he had in common with the angel was the fact that they would both jump the gun if it meant saving those they cared about. They may be mad at each other currently, but they would both sacrifice themselves in a heartbeat to save the other. So since Naya told him, or rather she bluntly hinted to him that whatever was in the smoothie would hurt Castiel, Dean knew he couldn't willingly let that happen despite the underlying feud.
Both Jack and Jane jolted into the sitting position the moment Dean had loudly made his way across the threshold.
"Well, obviously that something IS going on right here, right now!" Dean exclaimed.
The next month didn't fly by as quickly as Dean had hoped.
"Don't worry; I will give you a quick tour." Dean responded once again, closing his eyes and teleporting them to the bottom of the staircase.
"Wait, you mean… you saved her from hell?" Dean asked. Cassie nodded. "Huh, well, I guess that explains her give 'em hell attitude."
That night, Sam reached out to three people: Jody Mills, Donna Hanscom, and Garth Fitzgerald. All three agreed to meet him at the bunker and arrived within the proceeding twenty-four hours.
"w-w-what did you do?" Dean wasn't sure if he really wanted to know the answer or not. The last thing he needed was to be jealous of himself or, in this case, another version of himself.
They both walked out of the bedroom and into the center room, taking their unassigned seats. Neither wanted to start the game, but they knew someone had to start the round. The sooner they start, the sooner they can leave this hell hole.
"Uhuh... sure, cause that's soooooo much better."
The line was silent for a moment.
"You know what I'm trying to say..."  Dean huffed out in frustration and rolled his eyes.
"... 10,435 miles??? How?? Why??"
Both Castiel and Dean gave slight nods in response.
"Well, I assumed you wanted to get out of here as soon as possible, and waiting for you to follow me in the dark is taking far too long. This is the most efficient way to get us out of here quicker."
"Ok, sure, whatever, I guess I will visual aid this bitch first then."
"So..." Sam muttered, leaning up against his doorframe. "You're finally ready to tell me about what happened?" He asked his brother with a mischievous grin.
Meanwhile, Deanna and Castiel were also coming up short; however, it was for an entirely different reason than Sami and Sam. Cas was genuinely trying to solve the problem that Jack and Jane had brought upon both their bunkers. However, Deanna apparently had something else in mind.
"Amara."
" Dean said sarcastically.
"Does annoying have the same meaning as irritating would if placed into this question?" Castiel asked.
"My... my flight?" Dean asked.
"Yep!" Dean responded.
"I'm sorry..." Cas stated, "But I just can't do this. Maybe the real Misha will be different, though."
"When you play the game, the timer will count down. When you stop, so will the clock. So play the game correctly, and you will be out that door behind you in just seven measly minutes. Cheerio fellas! I would say it was a pleasure, but it wasn't, so I will skip the formalities."
"Option two is we strip you of your grace, and you become human. It's a lot to ask, but I know neither option is desirable. But you have to pick one. It's the only way to make your safety definite."
Dean looked back to Cas, not really understanding why the angel seemed overjoyed at his approval. "I mean, yeah, it's always a good day when I escape certain death, and you know - Amara also brought Mom back, which was something I never thought would happen. So it was two major wins in less than a few hours! You?"
Castiel pulled out of the hug and smiled. "You ready for tonight."
"So what exactly do you remember, Mish?" Jensen asked Castiel. Jensen really wanted to ask Misha if he was okay because something seemed off about him right now, but he didn't want to put him on the spot in front of so many people.
Castiel knew that this was Dean's absurd attempt at avoiding a further discussion about his previous question. But he didn't want to make Dean more uncomfortable than he obviously already was, so he decided to drop it and just answer his question.
"UGHHHHHHH," Dean exhaled loudly. "How many angels are we going to have to deal with in one day? I am exceeding my limit here?"
"Well, in my ideal reality, Mary had never died in a house fire but instead grew old with John and live at a beach house in Miami. The only reason Sam and I learned about hunting was because of a school project Sammy did on his family tree, and he accidentally pulled up newspapers on Mary's parent's strange deaths. Instead of confronting her about it, Sam went digging through some old boxes in the attic and came across Mary's journal, which explained the whole supernatural thing since her parents were hunters. Yellow eyes still tried to get to Sam when he was six months old; however, Mary had actually told John about all the demon stuff, so he was prepared that night and ended up killing yellow eyes before he got to Sammy. However, they never told us this cause they wanted us to grow up normal. The only reason I got into hunting here is that I was dating this really hot chick in high school who went missing around the same time as Sam was doing his family research project. Sadly, the chick didn't make it, but it motivated me to get into the hunting business soon after Sam found Mary's journal. Skipping forward, Sam and I both graduated high school, and he went off with a full ride to Harvard. He still met Jess, but this time they got married, and since Sam was a lawyer and genius negotiator, he was able to get me an absolute steal on a loan to build this bar, which by the way, is named
"What flavor?" Dean asked. "What does it do?" Castiel asked at the same time.
"I uh...." Dean began to think of something to retaliate, but he couldn't come up with anything on the spot. In this room, he would have to be honest, and if he were being honest, he would have to admit that this program did lead them to resolve their dispute in some twisted way, but he would rather die than say that out loud.
"Thank you, Dean! To be perfectly honest with you, I had hoped that Castiel would decide to return home with you... but despite my hopes, that wasn't the option he picked. In this profession, I have to respect whatever an individual decides... Castiel didn't discuss his decision with you, and I never gave him that requirement. Nonetheless, he made his choice without discussing his options with anyone." Chamuel explained.
"Excuse me?"
Cas standing directly in front of him again made Dean's entire world flip upside down... or maybe it was right-side-up? He had no fucking clue considering his brain had apparently decided to shut down on sight.
Sam smirked. "Well, you're about to be!"
Castiel pondered for a moment. "So what your saying is that if I found true happiness here, I would be safe from the Empty?"
Dean scoffed, "A bit? That's the understatement of the century!"
"Look, I hate having to force you to cooperate with me here, but I promise that it is in your best interest that you do so." Chamuel stated, sitting down into the chair.
"Oh really? And how do you figure that?" Dean asked.
"Thanks, Dean!" Jess replied with a grin.
"You are going to have to give me a bit more context here, bud. I have no clue what you are going on about right now!"
"Well, you practically admitted how you felt to Dean earlier. You just didn't specify what you meant."
"Oh... Ohhhhhhh..." It all clicked made sense now. Castiel saw Dean get married to someone else or something like that. What Cas had experienced was not him and Dean but Dean (Jensen) and someone else! How did he not think of that before?
"How are you so sure that I was, in fact, being honest?" Dean smirked. "Don't you want to double-check in the honesty cavern behind that door?" He gestured to the door behind where Castiel stood.
"And what? You opted to stay here forever? Why didn't you talk to me about this? This whole imprisonment boot camp is supposed to be about communicating and honesty and all that other moral bull shit!" Dean exclaimed.
"Uhuh yeah, and what may that be exactly? Because I honestly have no clue as to what's going on here!" Dean irritadely exclaimed towards the ceiling, his eyes scanning across it still trying to find the source of the sound so he could make it shut up somehow.
"Nope, I trust you!" Castiel replied.
Castiel observed as Dean's hand delicately continued down his shirt, undoing one button at a time. "Yes... But how do you want us to go about that?" He asked.
Dean put a comforting hand on Castiel's shoulder. "I know, man. I miss them too."
Castiel looked down towards the flames trying to form an answer that wouldn't infuriate Dean. Or at least not any more than he already had.
However, the fact that it felt right, the fact that Dean felt like he was meant to be kissing Castiel one way or another, started to freak Dean out.
"Oddly shaped?" Gabriel questioned, looking down like he could check his own lip shape.
But before he could even gather himself enough to survey Sam's room properly, a knife was pressed up against the side of his neck.
"I believe it did." Castiel said.
Dean cautiously made his way down the hallway with his gun at the ready when he heard the distinct sound of the fridge door closing.
"Well, did you tell him he could place his army of rubber ducks in the water beforehand like we told you to do before we left this morning?" Projection Dean asked, sounding more annoyed by the second.
"I thought it was you, Dean." He muttered in response.
"Fine!"
As soon as the final flame flickered out, darkness once again surrounded the cave. But before either of the men could acknowledge the sudden darkness, they were distracted by the sudden sound of tumbling rocks.
"YOURS!" Castiel yelled before forcing himself to take a deep breath in an attempt to calm himself down. "I was your second choice." He uttered much more calmly than he was just a second ago.
"Yeah... sleep talking. It's kind of like sleepwalking but with less movement. You know?"
"I didn't mean to..."
".... A lot of bad things happened in the bunker Dean... you do remember Kevin, don't you? And what about the -"
"What...what about it?"
Castiel quickly pushed Dean back a bit, away from his lips to survey the hunter's face. However, Dean only leaned forward to chase Castiel's lips, despite the short distance Castiel's arms had put in between them. Cas had to keep his elbows locked to keep Dean at bay. Dean opened his eyes and quirked his eyebrows in an adorably confused facial expression.
Dean wanted to say no but didn't have the heart to argue with Cas this time. The angel's eyes were too sad for him to say no. "Ughhh, fine... Chamuel, I'm giving you one minute before I gank your ass!"
Castiel saw his expression and glared back at the two archangels. "It was my choice, so shouldn't I have some say in this?" He asked.
"That's not how an angel trap works. You can't just jump over the flames..."
Chamuel continued speaking, "The clicking sound you boys heard was the unlocking of door one. After each round of questions, a different door will be unlocked. Your goal is to complete whatever task lies on the other side of that door before beginning the next round of questions. Do you boys understand?"
No, this had to be some part of Chamuel's scheme.
"Are you still attracted to women?" Castiel asked plainly.
When Dean finally reached the glow, he stopped dead in his tracks. For a second time that day, he stood quiet and motionless. There was another person directly in front of him.
Castiel stopped, not letting go of Dean's hand. "Holding your wrist or arm would do just fine, but last I checked, you hate it when I take charge. Therefore hand-holding is the only option to convey that I am not trying to control you here. I am only trying to lead you in the right direction. We all know how you prefer to be in control, Dean."
"SAMMY! Don't you dare try to change the subject on me right now. DID YOU, or DID YOU NOT get me into this fucking situation?" Dean asked, now seething with anger.
On the other hand, Dean was confused because he was entirely conflicted about his feelings and his friendship with the angel.
"Yes, that's the one!"
Dean felt Castiel let go of his hand and attempt to open the door by jiggling the handle before finally responding to his question.
"What-what's this?" Dean asked.
Tonight was about Dean and Cas, nothing else!
Dean's face remained cold and expressionless despite his brother's joy. "Out of my way, Sammy." Dean instructed.
"Yes, Dean, but I -"
"Lay with you? Like what- on a picnic blanket underneath the stars or some shit?" Dean asked obliviously.
The first few times he saw sarcasm being used was when Sam or Dean wanted to express emotions such as annoyance, anger, and frustration. The brothers would constantly use sarcasm in this fashion. They wouldn't just use it when conversing with one another. No, they basically would use this aspect of sarcasm towards practically anyone that pissed them off.
Projection Dean looked somewhat downcast, so the other Castiel placed a comforting hand on his shoulder.
When Dean's eyes adjusted, he looked down to see Castiel look up at him as well. Cas smiled and kissed the tip of his nose, which made Dean blush.
Dean couldn't help but inch his own body closer to Cas and position one of Castiel's thighs between his own legs so he could give himself some necessary friction.
Dean exhaled loudly. "Cas, I'm completely in the dark right now, quite literally. I can't see a damn thing... So yes, I, as well as any other human that is walking with you through this dark god-forsaken tunnel, would question why there is a freaking door inside a cave."
"Yeah... I-I had a lot to think about." Castiel replied, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes.
"I didn't combine universes." Jack muttered.
Castiel pulled Dean into a brief hug, trying not to crush the flowers before he stepped back and held out the bouquet.
"Yeah... I failed geography in high school, so you are going to need to be a bit more specific."
Dean began to laugh so hard that his stomach started to hurt. He hadn't laughed this hard since he took Cas to a brothel all those years ago. He actually had to lean over to regain his composure.
He couldn't help but smile at Dean's response. They hadn't made amends yet, but this was a good start. Castiel had always enjoyed their talks, but the element of sarcasm had always intrigued him. In the many years that he had spent with Sam and Dean, he had observed the many different uses of sarcasm in the human language. Or at least the multiple ways that Sam and Dean seemed to use it.
"Because... well... you and I co-own this place actually."
"Drop the gun." A different female voice commanded him.
"That you still went to hell, and I still saved you!"
Dean thought to himself.
At first, this challenge seemed to be just going through a weird photo album of stock images, but both Dean and Cas knew that there had to be more to it. Nonetheless, they watched each photo transition to another and then another until finally, the screen turned back to black.
"You may go first." Castiel stuttered. He knew it was now or never, and he really needed to be honest with Dean about his deal with Chamuel.
Granted, in retrospect, it probably wasn't his smoothest of pick-up lines.
"Fine!" Cas muttered. Closing his eyes to show Dean what he had experienced.
Castiel searched Dean's face for further context clues. When he realized there were none, he had no choice but to ask - "... You're ... You're not proposing to me right now, are you, Dean?"
Dean read the card aloud – "What annoys you the most about Dean Winchester?"
Chamuel snapped her fingers, transporting Cas back into the bedroom. However, this time, she snapped her fingers twice.
"Yep!" Dean smiled. "I did have to get quite creative to make it all fit together, though."
"Yeah... so what's your point?" Dean asked rhetorically. " You weren't following heavens orders when you helped us trap Micheal and Lucifer... in fact, if I remember correctly, which I know I do - you rebelled against heaven and its fleet of businessmen just for Sam and me."
1. This chapter includes flashbacks - in order to do that, I included gifs and multiple short segments of script from the show and even old passages from this story [all italic text in this chapter is from a script (or previous chapters) - all the credit for the script segments goes to the writers of Supernatural, the CW network, and  http://www.supernaturalwiki.com which is where I found the transcripts.]
"That would most likely be the case if your pupils had increased in size when you viewed the photos of women, but your pupils maintained stability in size."  Rachel replied.
"You see... the end goal of this program could jeopardize your safety, and I cannot let that happen."
Castiel was now glaring at him. "I don't know Dean, and I didn't assign myself the title."
"All that matters is that it's you and me. Okay? I honestly couldn't care less about the schematics of it all. As long as we can finally make love with one another, then I'm all set."
This option sounded the most definite and thought out. Chamuel probably already knew that, though. Becoming human guaranteed him more freedom and safety. But Cas knew the Empty wouldn't be pleased that he found a loophole to their deal. It could find other ways to torture him, or worse.... it could find other ways to hurt him by hurting those he cared about. What if the Empty came after Dean and Sam? What if the Empty started resurrecting every evil demon or entitled angel that the three of them had killed? They would all come after them, and without Castiel's angel powers, what good would he be to Dean and Sam? He couldn't protect them as a human.
"Garth?" Dean asked, raising an eyebrow at him. "Why you here? Are Bess and the kids okay?"
"I ... I'm... not scared, I... I am just uncomfortable."
Cas rolled his eyes before settling his gaze back on Dean. "Were you not listening at all to Gabriel and/or Chamuel?" His wings began to rise from their previous resting position, strangely enough, they were no longer shaking, but they did seem to fluff up the longer Castiel spoke. "They said that this would be a longer round than the previous ones! And if you remember what I told you at the very beginning, then you would probably have realized that they are most likely attempting to ease us back into the game. So I suggest you keep all your snarky comments to yourself and stick to answering the questions you are given. Capiche?" Castiel exclaimed.
"I see." Castiel said, still looking around in awe.
Dean's eyes shifted back and forth, back and forth as he pondered this possibility.
"The ceremony? What ceremony?" Dean asked before he could stop himself.
Cassie's eyes widened, and her gaze shifted from Dean to Sam before going back to Deanna. "Dea, what's going on here?" She asked.
"It couldn't have been that bad, Dean."
They both succumbed to each other's touch. Nothing holding either of them back. They just felt one another's skin on their own and let go of any past prejudice or belief of how things were supposed to be between them.
Dean quickly took a few strides across the room, entering into the angel's personal space. He maintained eye contact with him the entire time, wanting to come across as confident considering what he was about to do.
After the exotic dancers did their performance, after fake Gabriel convinced one of those dancers to give Dean a very limber and bendy version of what the other men called a lap dance, after everyone had drunk at least 3 or 4 beers - not to mention each of them consuming 5 to 6 shots as well, it came time for the groomsmen to each give Jensen a speech.
Dean closed his eyes, which transported them back into the bar area; however, the room was full of people this time. A blonde woman walked directly past them to take the corner tables order, and Castiel stood stunned.
"Does... Does Ben know?"
"I know it just makes me feel like I'm a bad parent and role model to the kid. I couldn't even convince him to take a bath, Cas that's like the easiest task on the planet."
"Oh yeah ... right." Dean replied, trying not to sound as disappointed as he felt. "But why is Jack a toddler here? And how is Kevin alive?"
"So then how did you...why didn't you... you could have called or write or something! Sam and I could have come got you or sent you money or used some spell."
"I'm not attracted to physical appearance as much as I am to what is on the inside, Dean. I'm an angel, a vessel that encases a soul matters very little to me. I think more about what's on the inside."
Dean went to inspect the final product in the mirror. With his new haircut and his outstanding fashion choice, he had to admit that he looked fan-fucking-tastic. If Dean were Cas, he would have a hard time keeping his hands off himself.
"And Bingo was his name-o!"
Cas knew enough about human traditions to know what a bachelor party is, and therefore he figured he knew what this party might entail. Still, since these were all new people with familiar faces, he had no idea who this particular party might be for.
About an hour or so later, Dean heard a click. The light went off in the bathroom, and suddenly a figure emerged out of the narrow doorway. Castiel crept towards the bed in a far from graceful manner. He might be flawless in combat, but in the dark, his moves were not elegant in the slightest. Castiel tripped over the pillow on the ground on his way towards the bed.
The two boys crossed the room and took their seats across from one another.
"I understand why that would be difficult." Cas sympathized.
. Do you see what I am getting at here?" Dean smirked.
For the love of God, stop talking, Winchester. Dean thought to himself.
"It's not that." Dean replied taking a seat across from the women. "Look, honesty just isn't my cup of tea. When I am ready to tell the truth, I will tell it but on my own damn time. I'm not a fan of my mouth being in control of me. It makes me feel helpless, and if you know anything about me, I don't do helpless."
"What does it do?" Castiel questioned, still acting like this was a normal thing to experience.
"There are more things you both need to resolve before you leave the cave." Chamuel stated. "But since you got the main feud out of the way, the next few rounds should be a whole lot more umm... fun for the both of you." At the end of the phrase, her voice cut out, and both men knew she was done speaking to them for this round.
"Okay? Thats it... I spill my fucking feelings out to you, and all you say is okay?" Dean asked, somewhat bewildered by the short response.
Castiel remained silent as Dean walked over to his door before turning his head around to smile at Castiel. "I'll see you on the flip side." Dean stated before opening his door, which closed behind him automatically.
"Was that suppose to be funny?" Castiel asked
"In this timeline, Dad ended up helping me with a lot of cases while Sam was in school. John even took up a few cases of his own, which is how he met Ellen and her husband."
"Shit, shit, shit!" The toddler said happily.
"And lastly but probably most importantly: you have no regard for your own safety. You would jump off a bridge if it meant saving your brother's life. It's reckless and shows how little your own life means to you which saddens me. " Castiel looked down at his shoes, not wanting to meet the Winchesters' gaze.
