“He completely trashed the mansion, made a mess of the kitchen, and then bit me. We put him in his bathroom for a few hours each time.”  Her eyes were scanning Pepper’s face, but her own expression was blank.
So the collar was set on the floor by Steve’s foot and he got Tony completely soaked, going fast like he said he would. He lathered Tony up and worked the remaining clumps of snow out of his fur, dipping his hands in the water to get off the suds when he was done.
“This is so cool. I wish we knew the science behind this, if we could replicate this on earth, imagine the applications-” Tony started, and the Clint heaved a sigh.
“No.” He said, sitting down and putting his head in her lap. Natasha paused, but then resumed her petting. She wasn’t a particularly physically affectionate person, and he knew there was probably a reason for that.
He felt horribly groggy. Had he fallen asleep in the lab? Bruce usually didn’t bother to wake him unless it was urgent. He cracked open an eye, and found himself in a bedroom, that definitely wasn’t anybody’s he knew. His heart leapt for a few moments until he remembered what had happened. ‘Ah, yes. Transformation, apprehension, and violation. Got it.’ He sat up and stretched, alerting Peter that he was up. Peter had abandoned the flier, apparently opting to do some research instead while Tony slept off the day’s excitement.
It couldn’t have been more than half an hour before he spotted his ticket home. Shawarma! The tower couldn’t be more than a few blocks away! His tail stood straight up as he flitted around feet and came to a stop in front of the shop’s window. In his excitement, he dashed towards the crosswalk, paying no mind to the light. It wasn’t until a pair of hands slipped under his ribs and yanked him up that he realized that the traffic hadn’t been in his favor. He was turned in mid-air a few times until the guy settled Tony in his arms, cooing.
“Widow, come in; status.” Clint said, but it was fuzzy. They must be underneath more rubble than Tony thought. “Natasha, report.”
Peter looked a bit awed and vaguely intimidated, but he was right on their heels the whole way back.
“Sure. Doesn’t mean I have to like it.” Clint muttered, tilting sideways until he was lying on a clean patch of floor. Tony shoved his head under Clint’s arm and they ended up falling asleep like that, side by side and surrounded by forgotten cookie dough.
“Stop scratching at it, you’ll give yourself a rash.” Peter poked Tony in the side, and the cat rolled over, catching the offending hand in his forepaws. Peter laughed and pretended to shake Tony’s paws, like they were meeting for the first time. “Nice to meet you, Mister Cat. I’m Peter.” He cracked himself up, and Tony stared at the teen’s face, feeling a bit of regret flare up next to his growing fondness. He was starting to really like Peter- but he couldn’t stay forever.
“What? Are you alright?” Tony looked him in the eye, and then shoved his paws inside his suit jacket.
Tony typed as fast as he could, unsure how long Natasha could keep the kid from noticing their conversation.
“Is she alive?” One bark. “Can you give me the number of barks for the floor you’re on?” Two barks. “Are you able to pull the tab on your locator?” She asked, and Tony shifted his head down, only to snap it back up when the plaster shifted. There was a heavy chunk above them that would fall right on Natasha’s head if he moved.
“Come on, Vivian, it can’t be that bad!” Peter hissed, trying to shove Tony’s head back into the backpack without hurting him. They had gotten up early to go shopping for cat supplies, and not even five minutes in the back pack and Tony was soooo done. He’d made it as far as the store, and in Tony’s book, that in itself was enough of a win.
“We’re going to take another reading- wait- ere.” Dawson crackled over the comms and Tony’s nostrils flared in concern; they weren’t supposed to cut out like that. He’d designed them himself.
The agent- Tony really should have learned her name- helped them all through the halls and back to the steps, turning to Tony and bending down until they were eye-level.
Tony batted him  in the shoulder a bit, swiping a dismissive paw. Clint shrugged and added some gray fur to Pepper’s pants, who at this point looked like she was barely suppressing the urge to leave and immediately send her clothes to be dry cleaned.
“You can use one of the computers in my lab, Tony.” He said, and Tony jumped up with a sudden urgency.
“Tony?” Peter called, suddenly looming over him and scooping him right off the ground. Tony’s heart jumped with leftover adrenaline and he made a surprised screeching noise, flailing until Peter restrained him a bit. “Calm down, you’re alright! Relax!” Peter said, scratching at the back of Tony’s head while he watched the end of the fight and Tony waited for his heart rate to decrease. The rest of the group were all clustered around Peter’s feet, obviously itching to get involved but staying back since they all knew that Thor and Steve could handle it themselves. Tony watched Clint turn and make his way over to Loki and once again Tony felt a bit of panic, wriggling around and trying to free himself.
“Stark? Are you alright?” Clint suddenly loomed over him, and then felt around Tony’s head for bumps.
“Wait. I believe there to be an illusion here.” Thor said, lifting his tail to keep the rest of the cats from walking any farther. “Loki, stop your tricks!”
“Natasha?” He whispered, and she turned her head slightly to the side, but didn’t respond. Tony got up and padded over to her, hesitating before he nudged her hand with his nose.
Hi so! I'm super bad at this. But I got notified of a comment on here and i was like. Frick. Cause I knew it had been forever since i'd updated, even though I just promised that I was in the long haul to complete this. And I /do/ have 50k written, it' really a matter of remembering to post chapters. So without further adieu,,,, I hope you enjoy the latest installment of 'Wow Tony Stark's life is pretty fucked up huh'
Finally Tony saw an opening- someone was standing next to the entrance to the cave and he barreled right past them, didn’t stop when he heard them hit the ground, didn’t stop when he heard shouting and feet pounding after him.
“They have, they just won’t admit it.” Steve said, still looking at the collar like it could unlock the secrets of the world. Hell, maybe it could.
“I was saving a ten year old kid from drowning- and Clint is a grown ass man, he can take care of himself! Should I have left her?!” Tony fought not to throw his helmet once it was off, reluctant to cause more damage than was already done by their creature-of-the-week. He had so many projects on hold that suit repairs would hopefully be able to wait for a bit.
They arranged him a rather comfortable blanket bed on the floor of the jet, where he had a good view of the screens to watch the battle resolve. Luckily the three active Avengers (plus Spider-Man) took out the rest of the robot army without much incident, and no civilian casualties.
Tony made to back up but he couldn’t force himself to move. His heart was racing and he was frozen, staring at the blue anomaly in this small pocket in time, where nothing moved or breathed besides him. Tony felt like he was somewhere he wasn’t supposed to be, that something besides himself owned that place and didn’t want him there. He felt like he was being watched and he was equally afraid of both turning his back on the tesseract, and keeping his back to the not-so-empty expanse of the room behind him.
“What if someone kidnaps you? What if you get attacked?” Was the argument every time he scratched at the door. Another two days went by and Tony was getting so frustrated and angry, he finally snapped after Steve rather roughly sent Tony stumbling off his favorite armchair in the library. He calmly made his way down the the empty living room and took out his pent-up energy on everything soft and full of stuffing.
“Alright, but somewhere public.” He didn’t say anything else, and Coulson nodded, walking past Peter and leading them back towards the shawarma joint; if anywhere would let them in, it would be there. Coulson could always pull the ‘Avengers Business’ card, if worse came to worse.
Tony gave himself a quick pep-talk before he walked back out onto the sidewalk. It was busy as always, and he did his best to stay on the edge and avoid getting stepped on. Numerous children tried to pet him and Tony let them, unless they had sticky hands. He didn’t like the thought of trying to get a sucker out of the fur on his back.
“Jeez, you’re a handful. Slow down for a second!” Peter gave the leash a little tug, and Tony started going side to side to sniff the grass instead of pulling obnoxiously. “I guess we should have gone out earlier. It’s almost dinner time, we’ll have to be back in an hour.” Tony did most of the steering, leading them as directly to Avengers Tower as he could. A few people gave them strange looks, but New Yorkers were pretty used to weird things, so the majority of passers-by didn’t even look twice. Peter started to get antsy as they got into busier streets, and finally he slowed to a stop, almost directly in front of the shawarma place. They were so close!
“I’m sorry, Anthony, but I must return to Asgard to confer with Odin and the council. I’ll inquire as to the reversal of your condition, but I can not promise you that I will get any immediate results.” Thor said, giving Tony one last smile before he shut the door and strode down the driveway with a determined set to his shoulders. Tony watched from the window as Thor raised his hammer and called on Heimdall. The beautiful rainbow colors returned and whisked Thor away, and Tony felt himself wondering- as always- how much of it was science, and how much was purely magic.
For the rest of the day, Peter and Tony chilled out in Peter’s room. Tony was forced to get used to wearing a collar, and Peter was forced to actually make the fliers. The picture he used was one of Tony sleeping, and Tony found himself slightly annoyed that the kid had taken pictures of him while he was asleep. One of the cons of being a cat, he supposed.
Twenty minutes later and Tony didn’t feel that he’d made much headway. He wasn’t tired yet, but he still had so much farther to go. Maybe he could cut through the alleys?
Steve hadn’t gone off after the battle, but he was more than ready to fight about it once they got back to the mansion.
“We can’t deploy him as Iron Man, and he actually has the skills to excel in a stealth situation. We just never gave him the chance. Although, Iron Man isn’t a good code-name, given the circumstances of both him being a dog instead of a man, and the general ostentatious nature of Iron Man. What do you think?” Fury turned to the little assembled group. The other agents seemed a bit too intimidated to voice their opinions, but Clint was rubbing his chin and Natasha had a little smirk on her face. They still seemed reluctant, but Fury was giving the orders, so they were willing to trust his judgement and accept the call.
Tony woke up feeling like an empty husk, and only anger fueled him enough to get up and trudge back out to the kitchen. The whole mansion was clean, and the ruined couch had been removed.
They didn’t talk much and Tony found himself finally falling asleep after being so exhausted for so long.
“Or- and get this- we go back to the tower so we don’t leak any. Classified. Information.” Coulson gritted out, making the whole table go quiet.
They finally made their way to the third floor and the smoke was thicker than the lower levels, Tony nearly on his belly to keep his head down. They couldn’t hear the noise from outside anymore, though the flames roared around them. The other agent turned to speak to Tony, and that was when he heard the screaming.
“He’s an interesting dude. Do you think we should offer him a spot on the team?” Bruce asked, switching his hand on the ice to prevent his fingers from freezing. Tony growled softly at the suggestion, firmly in
Tony laid there and watched as she stared through the wall. She would occasionally bring the mug to her mouth and sip, but it smelled cold, which meant she had been there awhile before Tony had woken up.
“I think you should come with us, to avoid... unwanted attention.” Coulson said, subtly motioning with his head to the few people recording the exchange on their phones. Peter looked down at Tony again, who purred and rubbed the top of his head against Pete’s chin. That seemed to make up his mind.
“Well, let’s go get this test run out of the way. Suit up and meet outside at the van in five.” Fury concluded and
“These robots are kind of familiar, and I don’t mean just because they’re obviously stolen Stark tech.” Natasha pointed out a few minutes in, and everyone else scratched their chins about it until Spider-Man put his hand in the air.
Tony wasn’t really sure what he was expecting. Fist fights? Maybe. Brawling over who got the last frozen waffle? Definitely. Avoiding each other and dishing out some cold shoulders? Only vaguely crossed his mind.
“Well I don’t plan on making any wrong moves, so I think I’ll be fine. We can handle it, just keep any from escaping. We don’t need these things terrorizing the rest of New York state and getting us sued.” Tony said, shutting off his comms when Steve continued to argue. Tony could take care of himself- he wasn’t a child!
“Hello? Peter, honestly, I have paperwork to-” Coulson was on speaker again, and Peter went straight to the point.
“Stark.” Fury nodded to him and then turned to Clint, who was subtly counting the cookies left on the counter. “Could you get Romanov?” He asked and Clint gave a dramatic salute before he hurried out of the kitchen.
I'm super bad at this fanfiction thing. If you couldn't tell, lol. Let me know what you think in the comments below!
“I just shut him in his bathroom again. I didn’t turn on the lights, since that seemed to calm him down the past few times.” They didn’t talk about it after that, continuing on to other topics, like the most recent big bad, or the new kid they called Spiderman.
happened to you!” Tony yowled, batting Peter gently on the unmarred side of his face. The teen winced and at least had the sense to look a bit sheepish.
The others started to trickle into the room around nine; first Clint, then Natasha, and finally Bruce. He looked like he’d stuck his finger in an electrical socket, but none of them asked, instead pointing him towards the fresh coffee.
“How long has he been like this?” Pepper asked, gently rolling Tony over and lifting his head into her lap. He licked the back of her hand and let himself be maneuvered around as she wanted.
He whipped his head around and spotted Steve ripping apart a robot. In his distraction, Tony didn’t dodge out of the way of a falling suit, and the explosion from right behind knocked him all the way across the road.
For Tony Stark, waking up on the ground was a frequent occurrence. Usually, it wasn’t out of the ordinary to find himself passed out in an alley, or completely naked- in fact, it was more often both than one or the other. This time, though, he felt wrong. Not quite like ‘I’ve-Been-Violated’ wrong. Tony knew that feeling well enough to know the distinction. This time it was like several layers of his skin had been peeled off, and he was wrapped in scratchy wool blankets that rubbed his skin raw and made him itchy. That was how Tony felt in his chest, like he was unexplainably frazzled and overwhelmed. On the outside he felt fine, save for a few bruises.
He popped his nose up into the ceiling, gentle as a lamb as he closed his teeth on the device. If he could, he would be sweating bullets.
“No, I mean all sad, and… droopy.” Pepper lifted up one of his front legs and let it flop back down to the bed. The others exchanged a few glances before Clint shrugged.
“You wouldn’t dare; not when I hold a weapon to your neck.” Loki hissed, pressing the blade flush against the fur of Tony’s throat.
“Poor dog. So many people will get a German Shepherd because they see them on TV. Nobody realizes how hard they are to train…” Clint’s voice trailed off as Loki and him left the alley.
we're almost caught up to where I'm at in the writing, so pray for me to type FAST. I know the direction, just gotta get 'er there. Hope you enjoyed the update!!
Hi! Looks like our four legged friend is going to get some action soon. I also want to put in a brief warning, because there's a sentence that mentions gagging, like the sick kind. Tony just really hates dog food. Also, either in this chapter or the next one, there's brief reference to off-camera (so to speak) yarfing of said dog food. I personally have a v*mit phobia soooo i do my best to be considerate in case anyone else does too. Thank you for reading- see you next week!
“Are you sure you want Pepper to find out about this? She’ll fret, and you know how much it stresses everyone out when she’s worried. It’s contagious, man-”
Through the haze of fear and lack of air Tony felt his body jerk as the grasshopper was pulled off. After a heartbeat of being dragged upwards he was suddenly much heavier, back on a hard surface and arms like lead, but still clawing at his helmet and unable to find the release. Someone else pushed his arms away and did it for him.
and Tony wrinkled his nose, turning it over with a paw until he realized what it was. A military-grade canine flak jacket.
“Um- I’m sorry, but I- I feel like I'm totally missing something. Am I under arrest? Is that a- a genetically enhanced dog? What’s going on?” The kid piped up, hands still hilariously straight up in the air. Natasha gave him a quick once-over, then made eye contact with Tony. She seemed to understand his unspoken thoughts, because she shook her head.
“We’re in meeting room 5, like usual.” Steve called, but Tony was already off, leading them through the halls while SHIELD agents gave them some intense side-eyes as they passed. A dog wearing a Hawkeye hoodie probably wasn’t even close to the weirdest thing they’d ever seen, but it wasn’t a common sight on the helicarrier either.
“How sad, that they don’t want you. Even as a human they were only ever interested in your applications. Already I have gotten three requests to fix body armor and nothing much else from your teammates, though they seem content to interact amongst themselves. Perhaps I did you a favor, Stark.” His fingers glowed green, but before he or the other Avengers could move, Tony leapt with a snarl and sank his teeth into Loki’s arm. The god grunted and grabbed Tony by the scruff, sinking in his fingernails and ripping him off to see that it wasn’t even bleeding. Terrific.
“What the fuck?? What the fuck! Fuck!” Steve could already tell it was Clint. They padded over to the groggy cat, who was looking around with a manic look in his eyes. His gaze snapped to them once they were in view. “What’s going on? Are we cats? Oh, I bet it was magic! Fucking Loki!” Clint cut himself off and took a few shaky breaths. He seemingly composed himself, and Steve tried to calm him down.
She blinked at him, wiping her face which was still wet with tears. He clapped her awkwardly on the shoulder, only realizing as he was doing it how awkward it really was. The only option was to drop his hand as quickly as possible while steamrolling through the conversation before she or anyone else realized how awkward he was being.
“You’ve admitted in multiple interviews that the primary reason you joined the race in the first place was to prevent him from winning the Republican nomination.”
The fact that Tony didn’t think anyone would believe it coming from him was a factor as well. For weeks, every set of numbers he and JARVIS crunched showed the same result: the next president of the United States would be one Steven Grant Rogers.
She didn’t say anything, but the disapproval was there, just as fierce as the disapproval from Steve’s staffer. With the way they were acting, Tony might almost think Steve’s people didn’t want him there, which wasn’t fair given how blissed out he’d made Steve earlier. He could only hope his own people greeted him with better courtesy.
Tony swallowed his grin. Now was not the time to act like a lovesick fool. Even if his maybe boyfriend was wearing his clothes on national television.
“They’re gonna call the election any minute! I’ve had staffers crawling up my back trying to find you for hours, and the Secret Service agents wouldn’t say where you were, just that you were ‘safe’, whatever the hell that means. And what are wearing? A red suit? What happened to the charcoal one we decided on? Are you trying to piss people off?”
“Results are in!” one of Tony’s staffers called, causing a flurry of excited vibrations throughout the room. Another staffer, a kid so young he looked like he couldn’t even vote yet, turned up the volume on one of the TVs.
He sounded nervous. It was barely noticeable, and he shouldn’t be anyway, but Steve definitely sounded nervous.
Steve fingered himself with his whole body, abs tensing and releasing, pecs bulging and flexing as he moved his fingers in and out. And all the while, his cock bobbed in the open air, less than a foot away from Tony’s face.
“We could get started now,” he said, his voice a deep rumble that went straight to Tony’s cock. Tony opened his legs a fraction wider, inviting him in.
, Tony texted back quickly, huffing loud enough that Pepper shot him a confused look from a few feet away.
Steve sputtered into laughter, his face finally returning to a less alarming color. “One of these days, you’re going to have to explain to me why you hate that guy so much. Not that I blame you, but. I mean, for you it seems personal.”
. And what a sight it was. Tony couldn’t decide if he wanted to reach out and touch, or lay back and enjoy the show.
“Where the hell have you been?” Pepper hissed as soon as she got close enough to do it without drawing attention to them.
Steve’s blush deepened and spread to his chest even as he shook his head in good-natured denial. Tony admired the flush with a smile. His stomach flipped over, then did it again for good measure. To think he got to have this, to have Steve. He was actually giddy at the thought. Him, Tony Stark, giddy. The world must be ending, and those bastards hadn’t even warned him about it in his daily security briefing.
“Definitely felt like the right thing to do,” Steve said, then gripped Tony around the waist and pulled him in, crushing their mouths together like they were in the dramatic last scene of an action flick. Tony melted into the kiss with a groan, his hands finally, finally, grasping onto Steve’s muscular shoulders after months of written and verbal foreplay.
Tony fidgeted, pulling out his phone to check JARVIS’s results, but Ohio was still taking its sweet time actually reporting anything. Their numbers seemed to be leaning toward Steve, but there were entire counties that had only just started counting votes. It was ridiculous. Had they not heard of early voting? He sighed and opened up his texts instead.
Tony got up from the bed to retrieve his clothes. If he happened to surreptitiously palm the sketch Steve had done of him earlier as he stood, no one needed to know.
Tony huffed and rolled his eyes. Steve was really gonna make him say it outright. He debated the merits of sidestepping the question, of making a joke, but there was too high a risk of Steve calling his bluff and never sleeping with him again, never kissing him again.
“Yeah, I probably shouldn’t have released that statement,” he said, a bit breathier than he intended.
Tony wasted no time in tearing open the packet and rolling the condom onto himself, but stopped midroll about halfway down his cock when Steve propped one leg up on the bed, Captain Morgan style, and dribbled lube onto his fingers. He smirked at Tony as he slowly began fingering himself open. The man was on full display and Tony could see
“I didn’t want to skew the results before the majority of the votes were in. No sense tempting accusations of election fraud. Or fate.”
It was the sort of kiss Tony used to fantasize about being the recipient of back when he’d first realized he liked men as well as women. There was passion there, but also caring. Steve’s sheer size overwhelmed him, but in an intoxicating way that felt equal parts thrilling and safe.
“Yeah, a deal.” Steve’s shoulders straightened as he seemed to regain his confidence. “Based on who wins what.”
“Take off your coat,” Steve said. It was practically a command, and Tony obeyed without question, tossing the wool overcoat over the back of the nearest armchair without once breaking eye contact with Steve. The approval in Steve’s eyes sent a shiver down his spine.
Steve sped up, his pecs bouncing up and down in time with his movements. It was almost obscene to look at, ridiculous in the best way possible. Tony half wanted to laugh in disbelief, but he’d learned a long time ago not to laugh during sex unless his partner was laughing too. Still, it was a mesmerising sight.
Tony’s phone went in his pocket and he immediately started walking to meet Pepper halfway across the room. If he had a little more spring in his step than a freshly defeated wannabe politician should, well, no one needed to know the particulars of why. It wasn’t a matter of national security after all, just the result of one of the most crushing, exhilarating nights of his life.
“Yes.” Tony tugged at his waist, trying to get him to move, but he stayed put. “What are you doing? You do know you have to get closer to actually ride me.”
Tony moaned and slid his hands up to cup Steve’s pecs. He squeezed, then flicked a thumbnail across a pert nipple, making Steve’s hips falter and his cock spurt another trickle of precum.
Steve sounded so sure that Tony’s heart thudded just that extra bit harder in his chest. 538, he reminded himself.
“We ran a clean campaign. You, actually, ran a clean campaign. Those other assholes didn’t know what they were doing.”
Tony’s breath caught in his chest at the happiness there. Steve Rogers was smiling at him like there was nowhere else he’d rather be tonight of all nights than right here in bed next to Tony. Humbling didn’t begin to describe it.
The elevator finally dinged the correct floor and two of the Secret Service agents got off first to scan the hallway. Two more agents were flanking a door halfway down the hall.
“Nothing. Not you.” Tony did his best to memorize the exact way Steve looked just then, from the slightly confused furrow on his forehead to the small flecks of green in his otherwise blue eyes. “I really do have to go now.”
Steve was covered in dark blond hair, untrimmed and wild and only slightly matted down with sweat. His cock rose up proudly from it, long and uncut and just thick enough that sex toy companies would fall all over themselves to use it as a model. Tony could hardly stop himself from grinning smugly that it was all his to play with for the next little while.
Steve was the first one to go for their clothing, tearing Tony’s jacket from his shoulders and throwing it somewhere off to the side. Tony wasted no time fisting his hands into the back of Steve’s sweatshirt, pulling it up and over Steve’s head as they broke the kiss with an audible smack.
“Mr. Stark!” she blurted, then sniffled a truly disgusting sounding amount of snot back up her nose.
Tony gripped her by the shoulders and forced her to look at him, one of the only ways he knew to stop her ranting without blowing something up.
A problem for another day, she decided, and sent Rhodey a wan smile. “If you’re about to yell, I should warn you that it might bring my overprotective Captain down on your head,” she teased, her words completely negated by the emotion that she knew had come into her eyes.
Even more so when she huffed out a little sigh of relief, sending him a sheepish smile. “Consider the message passed,” Toni nodded, leaning back against the desk and resting the bottom of her palms on the edge of it.
Bucky forced himself out of his memories and turned his attention back to piloting the Quinjet. The thing practically did the work itself (or rather, through JARVIS, three cheers for StarkTech) but if he didn’t focus on flying, he was going to focus on trying to calculate the chances Toni had of surviving, and if he did that, he was going to lose his mind.
Suppressing a scowl as Barnes followed him, Tony focused his attention on the various butterfly knives, stun guns and one wicked looking dagger all wrapped in an old t-shirt that Jarvis had helped his stockpile in his youth. Bucky let out a low whistle as Tony lifted the cuff of his jeans and strapped the dagger with its sheath along his calf.
“Ninety percent!” Toni called out this time, apparently having made the executive decision to bench her own father, and he focused on her thready, tense voice to try and block out the pain.
As intended, their attacker hadn’t. “Make your jokes, Iron Man,” the man-child snarled, and really, if Steve wasn’t close to being skewered, he would have snorted at the thinly veiled fear that the kid was trying to mask with bravado. “It won’t stop me from doing what I need to do!”
“Bullshit,” Howard challenged, looking aggravated as he hopped back into the little hatch and fairly shoved her out of the way. Steve bristled, but before he could say anything, Phillips was assigning them all their new jobs and Toni left without a word as soon as he told her to pack.
Bucky, Rhodes, and a few other good Samaritans who had provided the rescue equipment, all worked different points in the rigged harness, lowering him achingly slow into his descent. It felt like it had taken eons, and Steve had held his breath the entire way, but impossibly, miraculously, amazingly, he finally reached her.
about raising a hand to my son again, I swear, I will kill you,” she enunciated slowly and carefully, making sure that each snarled word, and the solemn vow within them, penetrated her father’s thick skull. Her eyes blazed with a lethal intent, and not even Howard was stupid enough to test her. “You don’t look at him, you don’t touch him, you don’t think about him. Are we
Toni knew that she was taking something of a risk, using some of the battery power of the suit to call home, but she also knew that it wasn’t something that was up for debate or second consideration. Her watch; still displaying solid vital signs for the sleeping Maico; clearly told her that it was approaching eight-thirty PM at the tower, and that meant that it was closing in on Peter’s bedtime, and that meant that she needed to call to say goodnight to her son.
So instead of speaking, Toni only dipped her head forward, allowing the other woman to slip the medallion around her neck. And following that same instinct, the only thing she could do, was hug both Navarros as they looped their arms around her in heartbreakingly earnest gratitude.
Steve grinned ruefully at the answer to that. “I had a very interesting talk with a very smart four year old,” he explained, after clearing his throat. “Apparently, I’m
And yes, that was in capital letters, because for as many flaws as she’d had, Maria Stark had always been there for her daughter and was one of a select three people upon whom Toni could count. In doing so, she had instilled a deep appreciation in Toni for the strength, resilience and love of a mother, and in the lifetime that followed, Toni
There was no need to even get started on the bed thing, on account of the fact that sleep was a relative term to the genius.
“You damn well know you’re not,” Toni tried to grumble, but couldn’t keep up the pretense when Steve laughed, the sound vibrating along her back. God, she’d missed his laugh… it had been sparse since their return from Argentina. Nightmares, both his and hers, had stolen it from them at night, and the light of day, for so long, had only served to illuminate her injuries and taunt her lover with their mottled appearance against her pale skin.
And how had she forgotten that she’d learned her own razor-sharp defenses from him? How had she forgotten that the one thing Howard Stark had taught her, was how to pinpoint weaknesses and go for the jugular before your own throat was sliced open?
Steve gaped a little, turning to face his backup. “What the hell was that?” he asked, partly amazed and partly unsettled by the firepower.
going to be there, Steve,” she repeated, voice cracking twice. She wrapped her arm around her stomach as if to ward off nausea, her eyes twisting into something desperate and panicked. “He’s always going to be there, even if it’s the ghost of him, and he’s right, I’m going to fuck up with Peter because I’m
When she recovered, Toni shuffled back. “In my defense, I kept my promise,” she pointed out helpfully, tapping Nat’s wristwatch. It was just shy of eight-fifteen; not too long after Peter’s bedtime.
The inventor sighed slightly, trusting that she wouldn’t have to keep up any façade with the ex-assassin. Not only would Nat probably see right through it, but even without it, the redhead always seemed to have faith in Toni’s ability to fight the odds. Even more faith than Toni had in herself.
“Wake up, tiny human. It has… By Odin, I cannot believe that I let you talk me into this… Awaken, Son of Stark!”
So she’d looked. Until her eyes had strained with exhaustion and the checkered board had flashed behind her eyelids, she’d looked.
For his part, Steve felt like he’d been sucker punched, and it wasn’t because Tony’s answer had been so truthfully raw. It was because he’d spent the better part of a chunk of time in love with his best friend without even knowing it.
They cut the call, neither of them needing a goodbye to distract them. Toni felt her stomach twist as she looked at her own reflection in the blank screen; why did she still feel like something was missing? Why did she still feel like she wasn’t seeing the whole picture?
He grabbed her around her bicep, wrenching her around like a rag doll and shaking her slightly. “I can’t believe you could be this selfish, Antonietta!” he barked at her, eyes blazing with a familiar mix of temper and contempt. “To willingly sit idly by, knowing how much we all mourned for him? Knowing how much the world needed him, how much America needed him? And all for what? Some childish fantasy that you will ever be enough for a national hero? Steve had a life, he had a woman he was in love with, a woman worthy of being with him, who loved him back, he had friends who needed him; but he’s stuck here, because you want to play happy fucking families!”
“Greedy,” Bucky commented laughingly, but he knew better than to argue it. He flicked his head towards Peter. “Kid doing okay without her here?”
He looked directly at Barnes as he said that, eyes blazing, hoping that the man would pass the message on to whoever else was on Steve’s payroll and had dumbass “
It had taken, of course, a lot more time and even more setbacks before Bucky had reached this elusive point of contentment with his other self, but Toni and Steve had been there for him unfalteringly until he’d gotten there. It was the beauty of having friends again; of having family; to be able to have someone else reach their hand out and pull him up whenever he fell to the ground.
When he felt some of the pressure start to decrease, he managed to shout out. “No! Don’t! I can do this!”
“Not so fast, J,” she denied before he could start running scans of her vitals and possible injuries that she’d successfully put to the back of her mind so far. “You’re working on limited power here, so I’m going to need you to save your brilliance. Can you connect to your other servers?”
Shakily, Steve nodded, sinking to his knees. His face was ashen and he kept looking back at Toni, as though he was afraid she would simply vanish in the time it took him to look at Peter. “I was wrong,” he managed, after a half-dozen false starts. “I was wrong, and I’m so sorry. I didn’t know, but I do now, and I fixed it.”
“Mommy!” Peter scrambled across the small expanse and, as predicted, threw himself into her arms. Pain erupted like a volcano but it was still a far second to the blinding joy and crippling relief that came from having the little boy in her arms. Holding him close. This was what made her feel like she was at home, and she would’ve broken every bone in her body twice if it meant getting back here. To Steve and Peter, and the Avengers and their home.
He broke away, eyes slightly glazed as he gave an experimental thrust into her. “I think I promised you 36 hours of just you and me, Stark.”
He had spent most of it, after settling his old friend in one of the guest rooms, catching up with Howard, learning about what had happened after he took the plane down from a first-hand source, and then learning more about Peggy and how she’d moved on with her life after him. In turn, he told his old friend what he could about this strange new century, enjoying not being mocked for being so out of time. It had been fantastic; the only thing missing had been the beautiful genius herself, but Steve supposed that she wanted to tell her father about them on her own, first, and he was content to wait until Toni was ready.
“Go,” Toni told him, voice ragged and torn in a way he’d never heard before as Steve glared in the direction the man had gone. She didn’t look up at him, but he knew she was crying as she shuffled closer to Erskine, holding both his hands with hers. “Go.” Though grief emanated from her in waves, it was clear that Toni wasn’t going to leave the scientist’s side until he didn’t need her there anymore.
JARVIS had been enacting his own special form of revenge as well; refusing to call down elevators for Steve, switching appliances off after Steve switched them on, flicking the lights on and off at random; little things that wouldn’t have been remiss on a child, which was oddly fitting since the AI was sort of like Tony’s son. Some part of the super soldier took comfort in the fact that the AI’s punishments were juvenile. He had no doubt that JARVIS had capabilities far exceeding that of a petulant toddler, and so he knew that the AI wouldn’t hesitate to employ the most ruthless methods in his programming if the true intention was to eradicate Steve. As long as JARVIS had no serious desire to see him burn, Steve had to figure that Tony didn’t have that desire too.
Stepping in front of her and resting his hands on her knees, Steve leaned forward and pressed his lips against her temple. Once, twice, three times, a line down to the top of her jaw. “No hospital,” he stated as he pulled away from her, a voice of low command that belonged to the Captain. Steely blue eyes rested on the appropriately intimidated paramedic. “Take care of her as thoroughly and gently as you can here. Doctor Banner will assist you.”
Lapsing into silence, Toni dedicated 100 percent of her concentration to the helmet on her lap, and when the HUD flickered a few minutes later, she grinned triumphantly.
Sure, Steve was just slightly terrified as the brunette left the bar. But he was pretty sure there was a measure of approval there, too, so he chose to focus on that.
“Look on the bright side,” Steve teased as he finished his drink and started to get up, intent on returning to Toni. “At least now you won’t have to go looking for someone to get all overprotective on.”
She didn’t need to ask; already knew that she made up the majority of times he’d felt that way. “He’s just a little boy, Rhodey,” Toni murmured, mind automatically going to Peter.
Steve kissed her again, hot and hurried. Big hands gripped the neck of her t-shirt and with a rough jerk, ripped it right down the middle. Toni sucked in a breath, and before she could make a comment on how sexy that was, Steve was manacling her wrists in one hand and pinning them above her head. Gentle, still, but with a firmness that told her not to move.
“I love you,” he whispered, almost frantic for Steve to hear the words, to understand, to realize just why he couldn’t do shit like this to Tony again. “I love you, I love you, I love you.”
It took her a moment, her expression totally perplexed, before Toni realized what he was talking about. Her face smoothed out as she laughed softly, shaking her head. “You don’t have to apologize for that. Ancient history.”
Knowing that Toni had only come up to bed two hours before, and wanting her to get some rest after the most recent project had been completed, Steve had come up with the (brilliant) idea of him and the kid taking Toni breakfast in bed. It had given him and Peter another chance to bond, and had given Toni a longer reprieve than she might have had if this morning had been a Nightmare Situation.
Maico giggled, a childish sound that warmed Toni’s heart a little as he relaxed and leaned back as much as their small space allowed. “Daddy says I am, but my mama says I’m still her baby boy.”
The smile he got in response was worth the jab about how often he got into fights. “Someday, maybe,” she ventured softly, and the hopeful look in her eyes was lightyears better than the caution that had been there before. “Right now, it’s probably closer to mutually assured destruction,” she added jokingly, “but… someday.”
“How did you know? That you were in love?” he asked instead of answering, blatantly ignoring Tony’s question. His companion bristled, although not overtly, and shifted his gaze back to the streets ahead of them while they walked.
“Shi-it,” Rhodey scoffed irreverently, dragging the word into two syllables as he returned her smile with a little smirk. “Tall, blond and brooding doesn’t scare me.”
Part of him argued, logically, that it was simply an instinctive reaction. The surveillance footage had shown him more than enough to know that Toni had been dealing with an irate and hands-on Howard from as far back as her childhood, and more than likely, being confronted with that again had brought out the defensiveness in the beautiful genius that had been cultivated in her youth. The signs were there, in the way that she had remained mute and statue still while Howard tossed accusations at her about being selfish, and unworthy of Steve, and in the way that she’d shut down when the man had dared to grab her arm and shake her. Throw her to the goddamn floor.
Clint had waltzed in like he owned the place not ten minutes before, commandeering Peter for some or other misadventure and leaving Toni and Steve to enjoy a lazy morning in bed like they’d initially planned on doing. The genius relished in having the complete attention of one Steven Grant Rogers focused solely on her; her lover simply chuckled throatily as she repeated the thought to him.
Well, except to Toni. She’d actually been convinced that they would get on like a house on fire, what with them both being staunch military men with a strict moral code and a tendency to reproach her disrespect for authority; and of course, Steve was paraphrasing his charming lover, just a bit. What she hadn’t taken into account, however, was how possessive both of them also were, and in particular possessive over her. Although in fairness, he and Toni hadn’t even been an official item at the time that Rhodes and Steve had met, so it was rather understandable that the genius hadn’t accounted for him...
Steve’s heart was racing, despair pumping a jagged, disjointed rhythm inside him as he reached out a hand in sheer desperation. “Grab my hand!” he yelled, over the sounds of the train, over the sounds of the unforgiving winds, over the sounds of his own screams echoing in his head.
“Antonietta,” her father interrupted her with a harsh snap of her name. “What did I teach you about sentimentality? And the thing doesn’t even take orders, it’s clearly dysfunctional.”
A few years earlier, Steve might have been incensed at the disregard Tony was showing in the face of their opponent having any one of them at knifepoint, but now, he saw the minute shift in concentration as keen eyes searched out weak points and possible avenues of attack.
One way or another, he had a duty to the people of New York. Innocent people who had lives and families and needed to survive. But he couldn’t, just couldn’t sacrifice Toni to that.
“Ready, soldier boy?” she asked, still grinning in anticipation, but there was a real question there that told Steve she would pull the plug if he said that he wasn’t. Why he was so sure of that, he couldn’t say, but he’d trusted his gut this far… and his gut, apparently, trusted her.
Unfortunately, before he could put any of his plans into motion, he crash-landed spectacularly back into reality with the glimpse of sinister looking black lines, crossworking up just under Toni’s collarbone.
She could only stare in concealed horror as the man glanced over her with an emotionless expression. It took her a few seconds before she found her albeit shaky voice. “Hi, Dad.”
Steve jerked violently as Toni’s voice, crystal clear, materialized in his ear. For the briefest second, he’d thought that she was back on board, that the last missile was a lost cause and that they were going to have to go down, but after his horror and dread subsided, he managed to rationalize that she’d simply patched on to their radio connection.
Toni had heard – and read, several times too many to a sleepy Peter – the story of Goldilocks and the Three Bears, but she had never quite managed to relate to the Mama Bear.
He wanted feisty, infuriating geniuses who made him crazy on his best days, but hid a heart larger than the world could even conceive. And he couldn’t string an amazing dame along, especially when there were other men who could be what she rightfully deserved.
Toni’s eyes were dancing with amusement, but the softness underneath it was impossible to miss. It made Steve’s heart constrict, in the same way that it had when Peter had patiently explained to him that as a daddy, he was also meant to make sure that Mommy didn’t have to be alone when she was sad. It wasn’t only the perceptiveness of the kid, or his childish protectiveness of Toni, but it was the way Steve was still so accepted as family, even after his massive mistake yesterday. It was the confirmation that, although Peter had attached himself to Toni, that the mantle of parenthood had also included him. It had given him hope that Toni hadn’t given up on him.
The man must have made a move towards him, because suddenly Steve was snarling, voice infused with such barely-leashed fury that Tony’s mouth dried. “If you touch him – if you make a single move on him – I swear, I will personally mount your head on a fucking pike.”
“She’s trying to find another core to power it,” he told his best friend. “So far, though, there seems to be no known elements with enough power and stability to substitute palladium.”
This time, Steve had to swallow hard a few times before he could answer. “Not yet, Pete, but soon. As soon as I can. Until we get back, you listen to Aunt Nat and Uncle Thor, alright? Be good for them.”
the instructions!” Tony spat with no small amount of relish. Shock was gone, now, replaced with molten fury the likes of which weren’t recommended to inspire within a Stark. Especially not
As he drew breath into his lungs, ready to bellow as loud as he needed to get attention, he was cut off by a cold, clammy hand on his chest. Steve expelled his breath raggedly, relief crashing over him in waves when Toni sat up weakly in his arms.
And maybe that had been too much to ask for, because in the next moment, Steve’s phone rang, and his entire world fell apart around him.
There was no part of him that had acted out of a desire for praise or recognition, but even still, her words meant more to Steve than any medal of valor or commendation ever could. He didn’t need validation, but that didn’t mean that he couldn’t appreciate earning her admiration, especially now that she had earned his.
Steve nodded wordlessly, not trusting his voice as his senses exploded all over again with the hazy rush that came from having the man he loved in this position. Slower this time, as if Steve was the one who needed to adjust, Tony slid his mouth down his length, bobbing his head a little to take more and more until finally, he hit the back of the inventor’s throat. A strangled noise that Steve would deny ever making slipped from his lips and pleasure buzzed like live wires in his blood.
But the answer didn’t come from the AI; it came from Toni. Which, really, shouldn’t have even surprised him.
“And what is it that you need to do exactly?” Tony asked acerbically, changing position in a way that looked non-threatening, but brought him subtly closer to them. “Turn a national icon into Cap-on-a-cob? Promote equal-opportunity threatening between the youth and senior citizens alike?”
“Would it…” she started, voice a little hoarse, before clearing her throat and trying again. “Would it help my case at all if I pointed out that technically, the suit is made out a titanium alloy, and that I’m clearly not a man?”
And sure enough… “Mine,” Steve rumbled roughly, nipping at Tony’s bottom lip and licking into his mouth languidly, mapping out curves and ridges as though he were painting a picture. A hand found Tony’s hip in a bruising grip; the only mark that, come morning, Tony would be happy to have on his body. “Jus’ mine,” he husked again, dipping his head to suckle at the sensitive pulse point of Tony’s throat. Instinctively, the brunet hitched a leg around Steve’s hip and rocked up into him, moaning when he was met with his lover grinding down briefly against him. “God, Tony… baby, sweetheart, can’t wait to take you.”
Now, as he watched his girlfriend feign sleep, Steve had to wonder how she always knew what Peter needed and when.
Steve started a little. Surely as a father, Howard should have been happy to share the credit with his daughter, at least, not want to take it all for himself? “That’s not fair,” he found himself saying, jaw ticking in annoyance. Just how many Stark weapons had Toni’s hand in it, but only her father’s stamp? “Maybe if I…”
Because of course he knew how much she loved him, but that didn’t mean that he didn’t want to hear it from her, face-to-face.
He didn’t realize that a low growl had rumbled through his chest until Toni shot him a glance, following his line of sight to the newest contusion that adorned her bicep. Her eyes widened briefly, pink splashing over her cheeks as she clumsily tried to cover it with her own hand; much too small to block away the edges of colour.
As if reading his mind, Tony murmured, “New York is amazing at night. It helps that even the delinquents are asleep by now,” he added jokingly, slanting a grin at Steve when he laughed, “but it really is amazing.”
he asked himself scathingly, familiar self-recrimination bubbling just under the surface of artificial calm. As far as the inherent limitations of being an unenhanced human went, Clint rarely felt them on account of his extensive and advanced training, but today, all of them seemed to mock him ceaselessly.
Footsteps echoed in the otherwise empty room as Tony crossed the distance between them. Without a word, the brunet took him by the wrist and led him to a nearby weight machine, directing him to sit on the padded bench. Steve sat without argument and watched with dull blue eyes as Tony fetched a first aid kit and came back to sit across from him, astride the opposite end of the weight bench.
“And HYDRA is a lot of things, but sloppy isn’t one of them,” Steve concluded, nodding to show that he saw where her line of thought was going. He rubbed a finger over his jaw, a surefire sign that his mind was at work. “We haven’t seen any traps of any kind; haven’t seen any sign of human habitation either, come to it.”
He managed the barest hint of a smile and handed the phone off, undamaged, to Pepper, while Bruce explained to her how Toni had gotten in contact with them. He saw relief and hope take the place of the anguish that was previously dominant on the woman’s face as she fought back tears.
And why did that even matter? Steve didn’t want to take the risk of hurting Tony more than he already inadvertently had, so it was a good thing that the door had closed on anything romantic between them.
Succinctly, Peggy summed up what they’d uncovered and Steve’s plan to stage a rescue for what was left of the 107th. A multitude of expressions crossed Toni’s face as she listened intently, the most intriguing being the flash of pain and lingering hope at the mention of Bucky’s name, but before Steve could try to decipher anything from the enigmatic genius, Stark was in motion.
The archer firmly ignored her. “Did you touch her?” he asked in a voice too low to be heard by anyone but Steve. Clint’s voice was icy and controlled, but it was the white-knuckled grip on his knife that indicated the extent of his fury. Barton had always gotten along well with Toni, and over the years, the two had become more like long-lost siblings than friends, and it was painfully evident now, that he considered himself the big brother.
“I am, though,” Toni interrupted in a whimper that she would go to her grave denying had ever been made by her. She shook her head, dislodging the comforting contact of his forehead against hers. “I’m no better than him, Steve, I punched him
“I need you to duck your head and block your ears, honey. Can you do that?” she asked, gently coaxing Peter’s face against her neck. It was the only way that she could be sure he wouldn’t see any of the devastation she’d left in her wake, or hear the sounds of the Avengers doing their jobs. Both had the potential to be equally traumatizing for the little boy.
She left without looking back and Steve’s anger deflated faster than a popped balloon. The stirrings of guilt and remorse didn’t make a lot of sense; it wasn’t like him and Stark were even friends, so he shouldn’t feel this crappy after arguing with her; but as it were, the soldier felt extraordinarily like he’d messed up. Big time. And not just with his initial assessment of the Stark.
“Okay,” the kid whispered, and all at once, the scepter was lowered and being pressed into Tony’s hands. “Okay, Mr. Stark.”
The blond only nodded once in response, but Bruce recognized the flickering in his eyes as relief. Steve and Jim still had a bit of a rocky standing, but they would both put that aside in order to help Toni.
“So that’s why Howard didn’t take you right to the drop zone,” the voice mused. “I thought you just jumped because you couldn’t stand him. That might just be my personal take on the man, though, might be different for everyone else.”
Toni jerked as though she’d been electrocuted, abruptly realizing that Steve had closed the entire distance between them and was now gripping her face between his hands with utmost gentleness, but also an almost wild urgency. His blue eyes were shimmery with a sheen of tears and he looked as out of breath as she felt.
Torment imploded inside Steve, choking him like something visceral, worse than any pain he’d ever endured.
The words, said with no heat, finally released some of the tension that both men were carrying. Without a word; not needing them; Steve stepped forward and grabbed Bucky into a tight hug. Not for the first time, a shaky breath of a relief shuddered through him, tormented still as he was with thoughts of what might have been.
“What are you trying to say, then, Steve?” Tony asked, and all the argumentativeness was lost from his voice. He sounded weary, instead, like he was tired of Steve saying things he didn’t want to hear.
Satisfied with her triage, given the distinct lack of equipment, space and time, Toni turned her attention to the suit and the boy still contained in it. The wires connecting to the comm system had escaped their makeshift ports, which explained why she wasn’t hearing Steve’s frantic voice in the confines of their little bubble despite the suit still being functional, but she couldn’t focus on the fix for that because her attention was stolen by the kid. Maico was still sniffling softly and the inventor hastened to flip the catches of the manual release so that she could ease him out instead of the suit dropping him out.
"I am completely at Mr Stark's disposal as always, Mr Rogers. You need not to worry as I am fully aware of a three year old's requirements."
"Would you, I mean, we live quite away, and sometimes don't even get to see each other for a few days. So, would it be okay... I mean, if it's alright with you, and you can of course ask Peter, of course, but... Like, if you wanna- if you want to, maybe, you could... Maybe move in. With me? If you wanna. There's a lot of space and Peter loves to be around and I like having you guys there. So, if you wanna... It's okay if you don't want to but-"
"You mean this one?" Pepper pulled Tony's sleeve back enough to show the watch still around his wrist.
They saw the sun get lower in the sky and around evening Steve decided it was time to wake Peter up.
They walked to where Peter was sat on the ground, a few steps away from where they were themselves, much to Tony's relief. He expected Steve to be a responsible dad, and he wasn't keen on turning their date into a child search for the poor little kid. There was something about neglectful parents that ticked him off in all the places, it just hit way too close to home.
"Do you know what a beauty pageant is?" Another head shake. "It's a competition where you have to dress up and stuff, in dresses. And then the judges decide who is the prettiest, basically."
"I suppose." Steve nodded. "And yeah, I do. Park's close to the apartment." Steve shrugged. "Do you often have business meetings here?" Now the guy had a hint of smirk on his face.
"Depends. It made you laugh, didn't it?" Tony was now just testing his luck. He was flirting with a guy with a son. For all he knew, a wife or husband would be right behind him ready to smack him from the back.
"What has gotten into? How dare you use the pure, innocent child for your own personal gain. I am repulsed and appalled."
Steve took a deep breath. "Okay. Thank you." He pulled Tony in for another kiss and walked to get his tattered coat and put it on. Tony had commented a lot on Steve not letting him buy him new things but Steve was always persistent on not wanting any luxury from Tony.
"I don't have any place for Peter to stay, Tony! Bucky had to go DC for his job and I don't have a sitter-"
. Let alone a toddler who needs constant attention. But Steve looked so lost, so vulnerable, and Tony did not like it one bit.
Peter frowned and then looked at his father for help. "Go on, Petey. You're his number one buddy, you know that." He whispered the last, imitating Peter. Peter looked wary.
"Well, I though that you have been overworking yourself and you seemed really tired and stressed these days and I just wanted to get you away from the city and have you relax. I happened to have a vacation spot with my name on it so what's better than that? It's a weekend away from the stressful life of Manhattan. I could've taken you to my yacht but I didn't know if you got seasick."
"He cut my heart open, Steve. With no remorse. I think that deserves a visit from the tickle monster."
Tony sat with his back against the wall, next to Steve, draped onto him with Tony's arms around him. Tony kept rubbing his back, occasionally kissing the blond head, repeatedly assuring Steve it'll be alright.
"Yay!" Peter raised his arms in victory and Tony grabbed him and placed him over his shoulders, a leg on each side of his neck. "C'mon, love. We have a pool to introduce to the kid."
Tony had spent years using the billions of dollars he had on things, people, food. Nothing worked. He had remained empty inside, hollow. And what he needed was something to fill it with. He had soon discovered money wouldn't be enough for that. But somehow, people would not fit there too. They would come and go. Always. Every single one of them. He had a name, a very big, famous name. Of course they would use him like that. It wasn't a shocker. And Tony, deprived of human affection all his life would still hold on to whatever they would give, knowing fully well of their intentions. Unhealthy, he knew. But it didn't stop him.
"Oh." There's that surprised voice again. "Peter's... Peter's good. Thank you. He's great. He's playing with his uncle right now." Tony could practically feel his body be hit with the warm affection Steve used while speaking that last sentence. It was good that Steve had that, a caring brother and an adorable, lovely child. Tony didn't know much else about his family but so far this seemed like something that was immensely dear to Steve. Which Tony was all in favor for.
Steve dove in for a deep kiss. Caught Tony off guard but he managed to recover pretty quickly, grabbing the other man's head in his hand and kissing back fiercely, as if to pour all of his feelings through the action. Lay them all in front of Steve. Like last night. Though there was a lack of some words last night, but Tony hoped Steve realized just what Tony thought of him.
"Hmm." Tony nodded. "That's why you thought this was the perfect time to deal with whatever you're dealing with?"
"Then why are you lying?" Tony tilted his head, his face nothing but concerned. "C'mon, honey, you're scaring me. You gotta let me know what's wrong."
"Now you listen to me," Tony said, completely sober and firm. "I am not out for something. This isn't a scheme, there isn't a plot. Everything I've ever said you to has been a hundred percent true, straight from my heart. Which is something new for me 'cause I usually don't do so. I know what you might think, what you might feel, believe me. And I can understand that, it might seem fishy to you. But, Steve, there is no other way I can say this. I am genuinely, completely into you. Cross my heart and hope to die, and all that jazz. I have been since I first saw you, as cheesy as that sounds. So I will try with whatever I have to make sure you know that, no matter how long it takes.
They sat quiet there on the kitchen floor, side by side. Tony held Steve's hand, entangling their fingers together and bringing it up to kiss his knuckles.
Tony told Steve about how he had Pepper and JARVIS to thank for everything he was today. About how Pepper was much more than an assistant, made sure to mention Pepper's preferable term 'babysitter'. That had made Steve laugh. He told that he was never close to his parents, but he had always had a butler while growing up. And once after his death, Tony felt the loss of a parent that he didn't feel when his actual parents passed. That was when he made an AI and had given him the name JARVIS, his butler's namesake. Steve had smiled sadly at that.
It was the blond guy, Steven, a fact that he should definitely not know, who looked down at the toddler. "Are you gonna finish it all?"
Finally, the long and painful hour came to an end and Mr. Samberg and his dog, who had taken a liking to Tony's shoe and had made it his mission to bite the thing off his feet, were gone.
"We just laid there and looked at the sky. Some nights it was cloudy, some nights it was as clear as it could be. And I... I used to think that was the most beautiful sight a human could ever witness." He turned to look at Tony. "Boy, I was so wrong."
"It's alright. I'll build you a toy rocket ship. You have one of those?" Peter shook his head, face still supporting a pitiful frown. "Well, I'll make you one. One that can fly and has lights and can even play music and it'll be of any color you want and-"
Steve leaned down, a smirk on his face, bringing his face only a centimeter away from Tony's. They could feel each other's breaths on themselves. Steve could see Tony's pupils dilate and Tony was astounded at how Steve just did not blush. At all.
Steve shook his head, his face practically dripping with fondness and love. Tony, on the other hand, looked at Peter, taken aback, almost offended. "That's the only benefit you think there is to living in the tower?" Peter nodded.
Steve brought Peter to the edge of the water and even though the child was a bit hesitant, he put on a brave face and brought his arms forwards for Tony to pick him. Steve grabbed Peter and carefully gave him to Tony.
"Me too. I probably would be dead if not for him." Steve stated. A shadow forming behind his eyes but it vanished within two seconds, before Tony could focus more on it and ask about it.
Tony couldn't do anything but groan as he sat inside his car. "You just had to act like my mum in front of him, huh? He heard you, I'm pretty sure."
This is what happiness felt like, this is what happiness was. The genuine feeling like nothing could bring you down, that you had a constant support, that for a moment you couldn't care less of the world around you or beyond because everything that mattered to you for that moment was right there in your arms.
Somehow this absolutely lovely father-son duo had become a part of his daily life and he didn't how to thank the heavens above for that. He was very sure he had never done anything to deserve it but he would never want it to be taken away from him. So he tried to be thankful. He tried to be giving.
Peter nodded and Tony lowered him to float on the water. At first, Peter was quiet, looking at the water around and the fact the he wasn't going into it, under it. Then he reached to touch the water with his hand. When he saw his hand wet, he looked at Tony and smiled widely. Tony smiled as brightly. "There you go! You're in the pool!"
"Yeah, I see. I see." Tony ruffled the kid's hair. "Hungry for some pancakes?" Peter nodded eagerly. He turned to Steve. "How're we looking, Steve?"
"That is exactly why you're the more beautiful one." Steve's smile ever so shy. "You think the blond-blue eyes combo could be beaten by something?"
He scrammed out of bed and looked around the room. Where would a toddler go when he was left unattended? He then slapped himself. Where
"Tony." Steve said firmly this time. "That is literally, without a doubt in mind or heart, definitely the biggest thing you can possibly say to me." When Tony opened his mouth to argue, Steve spoke. "The biggest. I mean it, darling. The biggest."
The domestic environment was so overwhelming yet comforting. Tony rarely ever got to have breakfast with people as a family. He cherished every single second of it. The way Steve would cut Peter's pancake for him, having to wipe the syrup dripping down the kid's mouth, the smiles passed along. Tony would trade everything he had to have mornings like this everyday.
"Then what are you waiting for?" Tony asked. Steve raised an eyebrow and cannonballed into the pool. Tony let our a surprised laugh and turned around in the pool. Steve quickly swam to Tony underwater and emerged from underneath, wrapping his arm around Tony's waist. Tony did the same with the other's neck.
Steve gently pushed until Tony was laying on the sofa with him on top of him, their lips never parting. Steve used his hands to support himself but Tony pulled him all the way down. Steve let out a huff and a laugh when he landed on Tony.
"No, this needs to be talked about. Tony, you know I'm not rich. Far from it, actually. Hell, I'm a single father renting out a shitty apartment. What if you get tired of not receiving as much as you give and just call quits? What is it that you, Tony Stark, want from a below-ordinary guy like me? I just can't get it."
When he went back outside, he saw Steve turned away, resting his back on the wall of the pool and Peter was happily floating without Steve's grip on him. He sneaked forward and when Peter looked at him, he brought a finger to his lips, and Peter nodded. Only, a toddler knows nothing about being discreet.
One thing about Peter was that he loved staying over when Steve had long shifts and Bucky wasn't able to babysit him. With Steve's permission, he decided to take the kid to his lab and have him meet someone really special to Tony. Though the man would never outright claim it to be so.
Tony took out the money from his wallet, was more than what one pretzel would cost, but he didn't care. He gave the money and took his snack. He heard the guy order one and he turned around to looked at him, pretzel in mouth, putting his wallet back. Which was definitely, definitely a bad idea.
It's not like he didn't want to go, it's just that his bed was insanely comfortable at the moment and just the very thought of moving felt like going against the forces of nature. One mustn't challenge nature. No, sir. Not at all.
The story seemed to calm Steve back to the way he regularly was. Tony's lull voice was the only sound in the room, apart from Steve's soft giggles in response to the story. The story was more for Steve than for Peter, if Tony was honest. And he was really proud of the outcome; the toddler asleep soundly and his father calm. Mission accomplished for him.
"That guy and the kitchen, I swear to god." Tony grumbled. He rolled over, now wanting coffee, because if Steve was up and in the kitchen, coffee was already freshly brewed. He made his way there, after putting on a pair of boxers, and saw Steve by the stove, in nothing but his boxer shorts, back turned to him. Tony leaned against the wall, just admiring the view.
Pepper rolled her eyes and switched on her tablet. "You need to keep a low profile in front of the daycare if you don't want people to know about your contribution. I hope they warn us about the back entrance being locked down next time. It's absurd."
"No, Tony." He was pulled towards the car. He turned around to get one last look at the guy only to find the guy had an amused look on his pretty little face, directed towards him. Upon getting caught, he turned and walked into the building.
"You just... You just seemed...baby," Tony cupped Steve's face. He caused that miserable look on there. Had he just kept his stupid mouth shut. "Darling, I don't want to break up. You're the best thing to ever happen to me, why on earth would I want you to leave?"
One thing about Tony was that he knows when he has a good thing. He knows, he is fully and entirely well aware whenever a good thing is in his hands. Steve was a very good thing. Maybe,
"Okay?!" Just seemed to shut Steve up. "Steve. I have wanted to since the moment I laid eyes on you. You are a walking Greek god, why would I not want to?"
"He seems to have a very clean background, sir. Nothing that has ever crossed your path. What is it that you require from him, if I may ask?" JARVIS spoke.
That was the thing. Before Steve, Tony was demanding and rough, without any meaning to such actions. Now with these soft, chaste kisses he didn't find himself complaining.
Tony typed to JARVIS on his phone to have two of everything Steve loved from his favorite Chinese place delivered to Steve's address. So Steve will be well fed and comforted and cuddled up by the time the day ends.
With the bowl on Tony's lap and them sharing it throughout the movie, occasionally kissing, Peter totally focused on the movie, the next hour and a half passed by quickly.
Baking was a nightmare with both Peter and Tony. But Steve wouldn't wish to share moments like these with anyone else.
While Steve, bless him, look even more bewildered. "What? No, no rocket ships. Sorry, Petey, but no." He added when Peter became sad.
Tony pulled away and saw Steve's face. The man's face was still red, eyes looked better than when he arrived however.
The next morning, while eating breakfast, Peter was told of the proposal. Needless to say, the child was extremely ecstatic over moving into the tower. "I can live with JARVIS and Dum-E!"
The dinner went by swiftly. After the discussion, that Tony was glad and extremely proud to have won, Steve slowly became more and more relaxed. Tony was patting himself on the back every time Steve laughed, smiled, showed his appreciation for the taste of whatever he had tried. Had Tony fucked up his little speech, Steve might not be enjoying himself. Hell, Steve might've just walked out and went straight home. Might 've went on a full rant to Bucky about how much of an asshole Tony was. And after hearing some things about Bucky, Tony didn't think he would've liked that conversation with Bucky if the man decided to show up on Tony's doorstep demanding answers, had it been limited to a conversation.
Soon enough Peter had decided that he wanted a scoop of chocolate chip cookie dough because he loved cookie dough and a scoop of cotton candy because that was blue, his favorite color. Steve tried to hold back his sound of disapproval at the amount of sugar the kid was going to intake just so Peter could enjoy one night.
After looking at the menu, Tony didn't miss the way Steve's eyes bulged out or the way he surreptitiously gulped.
Peter giggled and pushed Tony's face away. Tony grabbed both of his hands and leaned forward again. "Sleepy head." Tony pressed a kiss on Peter's head.
"I do. I do. I really do. God, you're gorgeous. Of course, I want to. This is why you were on the edge before?"
"You can put him to sleep over there." Tony, from the pool, pointed at the lounge chairs that were right inside the floor to ceiling glass wall. Steve took him in and laid him down and, not surprisingly, the pool activity had exhausted Peter so much that he fell asleep quite quickly.
Steve brought his arms around Tony's waist and buried his face in Tony's chest. Tony held him close and tight. He let him cry out again.
He rolled out of bed, landing with a thump on the floor, sheets still tangled around his sleepy figure. "I'm up, Pep. Don't worry."
"Because Tony made daddy really confused for a while by keeping this all a surprise. So I'm gonna tease him for a while."
Tony handed his card when the bill came in, without looking at it, and making sure Steve didn't get a glimpse of it either. While they waited for the card to return, he tried to steer the other man's attention. And he successfully did because Steve's nervousness faded again.
Tony took him back to the bedroom and placed him on the middle of the bed. He went to his closet and took off his own clothes to replace them with his own pajamas. When he came back out, Peter was already a few sips away from finishing the bottle. He fetched the story book from Peter's bag and went to the bed.
"We tricked you, daddy!" Peter couldn't stop laughing, proudly. Tony stopped splashing and turned to high-five Peter.
There was no doubt that Steve hadn't recognized him. Tony was willing to bet that Steve knew who he was, and if that was true, probabilities of which reached the sky, he was well aware of his public image. No matter how hard his PR team tried, the damage done by him during his younger days had left a permanent and bitter profile.
"Then I would've known about it, seeing as I am your assistant." Tony frowned at that. "Now, the clock is ticking and you need to shower and change and get your hair in order. It looks like a tragedy."
"You being suave." Steve said, then regret washed over his face as his eye widened. "I mean, you are. Definitely. But you ramble a lot. Not that that's a bad thing, it's actually kinda cute. I mean, it's not a bad thing-"
On instinct, Tony's mind rushed to an image of Pepper but that was ridiculous. Pepper was not responsible for his personal calls. Then Tony's oh-so-genius and sharp mind, as professed by Rolling Stone, Forbes, Time, GQ, and so, so many more, came to remember his old buddy, JARVIS.
Steve didn't need any payment. None. In fact the guy hated having Tony spend even a dime on him. And there was Peter. The boy was the purest. Never having any clue what Tony's name meant to the whole world, never caring how rich or poor Tony was, never expecting anything from Tony other than his presence and attention.
"He sure loves Mr Incredible." Tony commented, bringing Peter to the sofa, settling him down between both of them. "Pause, JARVIS."
Peter copied to his best toddler-like abilities, which were good enough, and the list disappeared, making Peter jerk back and cling to Tony in shock. A second later, the screen faded in with the Walt Disney logo appeared followed by the Pixar logo.
"Wanna go to him now?" Peter nodded and was about to run to elevator's directions when Tony picked him up. "Na uh uh uh. Don't you have something to say to Dum-E?"
"It's okay, buddy." Peter dropped himself onto Tony's arms, his own wrapped around his neck. Tony rubbed him back, up and down. "It's okay."
Tony made a strangled noise and took in a deep breath. He cleared his throat and stepped back. "Unpack. We gotta unpack. So we can get everything started."
The orphanage had a daycare center a few buildings away that Tony helped funding, under the wraps. The daycare was cheap, for parents who couldn't afford much, had double jobs to pay the bills, single parents not having anywhere to leave their child for a few hours of the day while they busted blood and sweat together to make ends meet.
Steve gave that cute blush of his when Tony had tried to explain how he was raised to believe gifts were a way to the heart. Sure, he had heavily sugar-coated it but it had worked. The fact that it took an hour long discussion is peripheral and history.
He sighed deeply, thinking how much he had started feeling for these two. He couldn't stop thinking about them, couldn't stop looking at them, couldn't go one day without listening to their voices, no matter how busy he was. He had never felt this way about anyone, specially someone with with a kid. He had still not been told about what happened to Peter's mother but he planned on not pushing on that subject. If someone as open as Steve wasn't sharing something, Tony trusted it to be something acutely personal and wounding.
"I know," Tony entered the elevator and turned around, looking at Pepper. "Just don't want to." He smiled at her. "Do your thing, J."
The coffee was done and he poured himself a cup full of it, drinking almost instantly, not minding the burn.
Tony narrowed his eyes at her, mumbling something about SpongeBob and My Little Pony not belonging in the same category but kept it to himself. Pepper didn't quite catch the reason behind Tony's statement but didn't push it. "Happy has a sandwich for you in the car. You can eat on the way there. We're already late. Now come on."
, and Steve had nodded but had Tony promise not to do that anymore. Tony, being the businessman that he was, somehow led Steve to agree that unless something caught his eye and he felt like the specific thing should belong to no one but Steve or Peter, he would not buy it.
"Alright. Well, do you know about the time my friend dared me to join a beauty pageant?" When Peter shook his head 'no', the gesture languid. He spared Steve a glance and saw the man looking at him with interest that he was failing at hiding, but Tony wouldn't point that out right now.
looked at it. All soft and pretty. The tint of pink always there, the pale neck stretching down that he just loved to kiss every chance he got. He saw the blue eyes,
Tony and Steve got the bags out and carried them inside, Steve following Tony, Peter in his arms. Peter was given two of his toys to carry, which he proudly did. Once they got everything inside, Steve looked around the place.
The silence in the room was nerve-wrecking. Tony's mind blanked out, if you ask him. It was completely quiet in there, yet Tony felt like every cell in his body was screaming. He felt his body quiver, or was it just his chest? He didn't know.
Tony gulped and shook his head to bring himself on earth, enough to reply. "Uh- yes. Yeah, yes. Yes. Okay." He was painfully aware of how fast he was nodding.
. It'll be a breeze. He knew how to charm. He knew how to flirt. He knew he had amazing people skills. He's got this.
With the microwave warming up the milk, Tony reclined himself on the counter, slowly moving his hand across the back of Peter's head. It felt so weird to do so. It felt weird to take care of someone else's kid and not feel weird. He wasn't forced into doing it, he wasn't held at gun point. He was doing it out of his free will. That was what boggled his mind so much. Yes, Steve had a lot to do with it, his feelings for Steve had almost everything to do with it. He was pretty alarmed about how much of an impact Steve had on him.
The kid shook his head no and Tony grabbed his hand. "Well no need to worry. You get to pick whatever looks good, alright?"
"Well, we can't have that now, can we?" Tony rolled over and sat up, Steve still on the floor, looking up at him, confused.
Peter whispered again in the same way, Steve face immensely amused. He nodded and and turned to Tony, who was trying not to smile at the interaction. "Would you play Brother Bear for him?"
"What?" Steve's question brought him out of his trance, as he realized he had been silently staring at Steve.
"He'll learn in his time. Don't worry about it. Didn't I just say he's the smartest one here?" Tony defended, kindly. Steve gave Tony a small grin.
The view was spectacular. A large open land, trees and grass and the open sky. Steve gasped looking at the sky, the sparkling stars all scattered up there like pixie dust. It was so magical yet so real.
"Doesn't my face look like a tragedy. Oh, Peps, please don't make me go." Tony begged. Pepper seemed pretty unfazed.
The night went by, with Steve gradually forgetting about his previous disfavor for the amount of food ordered. Tony noticed Steve try everything, albeit it was due to the consistent persuasion. But Steve felt more relaxed. Very easy. He would joke, and laugh, and tease. That smirk on his face while the teasing made Tony's stomach turn.
There was another thing eating at Tony. Steve seemed like a good guy. Too good, even. Raising a child, so whatever happened to Steve would not only affect the man in question but also Peter. And Tony was nothing but trouble, if his past is anything to go by. And people normally look at your past to determine the kind of person you are now. Tony feared that he might reflect his past image and that would somehow hurt Steve. He would never want that to happen.
Peter nodded enthusiastically. "I met a robot! Tony has a robot! And we played all day. And Tony made him. His name is Dum-E. With a hi-fun."
"So... you come here often?" And yeah, Tony was gonna kick himself in the nuts for that one. Because, really?
"Yeah. Yeah, Happy, just fine. Um, park near for a while in case I wanna retreat almost immediately, okay, pal?"
Steve jerked his head up to see Tony walking towards him. He quickly lowered his head and wiped his tears, too late for that because the image was already burning in Tony's head.
"You don't have to fret about it, I mean it. And you weren't stuck up. You are a great company, Steve. Really great. I'm glad you agreed to come and stayed despite your reluctance."
"She had never wanted a husband but always wanted a child. So she asked- she asked me if I could donate. For it. She was my best friend, always was. So I did." Oh. "Then she had the baby. The most beautiful baby ever. But she..." Steve choked out a sob. "She got so weak afterwards. So... so weak. Like we were losing her, like she was fading away."
Tony rubbed Peter's back, kissed the side of his head. "Good job, bud." He assured gleefully. He turned to Steve. "We're at my mansion for a get away."
Steve snorted at that and stepped up to Tony and bent down to kiss him firmly on the lips. He pulled back and whispered over his lips, "I'll thank you later."
"Daddy met him?" Peter asked, peeking out. Tony nodded. Peter hesitantly, yet very bravely, turned his face to see the bot.
Steve had questioned about how Tony could've possibly made an AI, at such a young age no less, something that seemed like it came right out of those sci-if movies Bucky's always watching. When Tony went into the explanation, that he had simplified for general people, Steve would interrupt with questions. He seemed genuinely interested, which boosted up Tony's enthusiasm.
"I can see that, J. Thank you for the insight." He looked at Steve and mouthed a sorry. Steve just shook his head, with an amused face. Tony looked at Peter and sighed. "You figured out what you wanna watch, Petey?"
Steve didn't respond, just picked Tony up from under his legs, having the smaller man wrap his legs around his waist. Tony pulled back for a moment. "Will never understand how you can pick me up."
When they parted, Tony bit his own lip before asking, "I wanted to ask you. I have been meaning to ask for a while but I never knew when was the right time."
Now with Steve gone and a sleepy toddler cuddling his side as the movie neared it's end, he tried to reach the checklist he made in his mind with every instruction Steve had given. Soon the credits rolled and Tony told JARVIS to cut the projection.
Tony turned and saw Steve sitting on the edge of the bed, a small but clearly exaggerated pout on his face. "That is playing dirty," Tony pointed an accusing finger at him but founding himself walking back to the bed to Steve. "That's unfair. It's bad enough that your eyes are irresistible, you just have to abuse my weakness even more, don't you? Really unfair, Rogers. Quite ignoble of you."
"I'm a hundred percent certain, Steve. And it's no problem for me. I'm sure you probably figured that out already." He mumbled the last bit Peter wouldn't understand.
Tony looked at him, breath caught within his closed mouth, not blinking. "Why would anything be wrong?"
Tony's expressions softened. "Steve, this isn't that. I don't want all this back from you. I am doing this because I want to. I want to give it to you, I want you to enjoy yourself. I'm not doing this and expecting things in return, I'm doing this because I can and I simply want to. I want you to be happy and have a good time."
"What an ungodly hour. Are you sleepy?" He asked Peter, who nodded, his head resting on Tony's shoulder. "Alright." Tony picked him up and headed for the bed. "What about you, big guy?"
He placed Tony on the bed, climbed in with him and Tony kissed Steve slowly. "You sure about this, sweetheart? You're absolutely sure?"
"Yeah, that's gonna be a problem. Will you try to be a good kid and try to sleep without it tonight? We have your blankie in the bag, you can cuddle that to sleep." Steve kept stroking his curly hair.
While they had later talked about it, Tony telling Steve how he bought things for people he cares about,
And there was that blush again. Steve tried to hide it by licking his ice cream but Tony saw. That beautiful, beautiful blush. Tony wanted to kiss that face so bad. It was taking all of his self control to not jump across the table and kiss the other guy senseless and breathless right there and then.
Tony looked at Steve and pointed at Peter, asking if he can pick him up. He did so once getting a nod of approval from Steve.
"You came." Steve sounded so surprised and yet so relieved that Tony was already kicking himself in the back for even thinking of cancelling.
"Not a problem. And I didn't bring you here to worry. So why don't you relax and think of what flavor you're gonna get." Tony had a warm smile on his face. "Have you decided that yet, Peter?"
"I don't look underdressed for the place, do I?" Steve had whispered while they were led to their reserved table.
Surprisingly, Steven asked at the same time. "Here?" He quickly looked embarrassed to have asked that. But if Tony was to be questioned about it, the blush running all over Steven's pale face was immensely adorable.
Once the magic word was spoken, Tony grabbed Peter's hand and kissed it too. Then pretended to almost bite it. Peter squealed and pulled his hand back.
"Whatever." Tony grumbled, crossing his arms. He slumped back on his seat, looking out of the window, not wanting to look at Pepper to make a point. He also was sort of mourning the loss of the blond beauty he had just missed. At least he knew where to find him if he ever wanted to meet him. Which he did.
He kissed him passionately, as if to have everything he felt about Steve to seep through their mouths to Steve's brain. Steve brought him closer, a hand going down his back and staying on the small of his back, pulling him in. Tony had both hands grasping Steve's face and pulling him ever so close. Steve ran his other hand up and down Tony's back, occasionally caressing the back of his neck.
"Sure! Yeah. Yeah, sure. Sounds good. Sounds- yeah." Since when did Tony become a stuttering pool of sweat. Oh yeah, the man had also started sweating.
, of people. Never has it beaten this fast or this unevenly. It should not be doing so, but here we were.
"C'mon, Peps. Don't drag him into it. First Happy, and now J? Quit bringing the kids into our fights."
"No, I wouldn't. I'll lose. Look at him." He pointed at Peter. "It's like an angel and a puppy combined."
So here Tony had Peter in the elevator going down while Steve was at work, his prideful self rather working his ass off than to take Tony's money. Tony had decided not to push it.
"This is beautiful because I have you with me." Steve said. It was a firm statement, his tone leaving Tony with an impression that he mustn't oppose.
"I don't need much other than a good person. Which, I have concluded, you are. And you have yet to prove me otherwise. But I'm pretty sure you won't. If Peter is anything to go by, you're practically a saint."
"It's just," Steve continued. "It's all so beautiful. When... When I was a kid, me and ma would go to our building's roof, we used to sneak up there 'cause no one was allowed there. And we used to look at the stars. We didn't see many of them, but that didn't matter. It was our little secret."
Steve chuckled, in delight, much to Tony's appeal, and nodded. "Isn't that one a little too old?" He raised a brow.
Next time Tony gets an idea, he'll just chuck it out in the wind and yell 'fuck it'. That's what he would do. Definitely.
Steve laughed along with him, thanking god the kid didn't drop his ice cream, and Tony knew he was really, deeply screwed. This adorable father-son duo was going to be the death of him. And somehow, he didn't think he would mind this kind of death. In fact, he would welcome it with open arms.
Tony sighed deeply. "You are absolutely, without a doubt, the most breathtaking view I have ever come across."
Steve let out a huge sigh. He was probably holding it since he stopped talking, Tony would've guessed. "That's... thank you, Tony. I'm glad you understand. That's... that's a relief, to be honest."
Tony shook himself into senses. Enough senses to comprehend Happy's words and find the right ones to answer with.
One more thing about Tony was that he was a pile of insecurity walking around in thousand dollar suits. Blame his father for that, if you will. You wouldn't be wrong to. Years of degradation and taunts and rejections and insults thrown at his way when, if you'd ask Tony, a tennis ball would've been just fine. So now, years after the old man's demise, Tony was still waiting for his father to be proven right, yet once again.
"I suppose you're gonna have to prove that to me." Steven smiled at the child who had a determined look on his face that was mixed with the excitement of getting a treat. He paid for the pretzel when the kid spoke. This time he directed his question to Tony, of all beings on planet earth. Tony realized he was still staring.
Tony saw the man, very tall, blond and completely entrancing. That smile, oh god, the smile was vibrant. Tony was sure he had never seen seen anything like it before.
Tony just hummed, nodding slightly. "You know what? You're cranky right now. Take a nap or something."
He still sounded unsure but Tony didn't give time to back out and ordered his own. Cindy scooped their ice creams into cones, as per Peter's hopeful wishes.
"Wait till he sees Elastic Girl." Steve brought Peter's back to the sofa's backrest. Then he placed Peter's tiny plate with a tiny slice of pizza on it on his lap. He then dropped a slice each from the box that was on the table onto two plates, handing one to Tony and keeping one for himself.
"Why? H-how? Did I seemed distant? I didn't mean it, I swear. I don't want to break up, Tony. I swear."
Peter opened his arms for a hug and Steve pulled him in tightly, thank god the kid's hands were wiped clean earlier or else his boss wouldn't shut up about wearing stained clothes to work. The jackass.
"Do you really want him there this time too?" Steve had asked, hinting at Peter who was sleeping on his lap on their ride to Steve's home, Tony had taken responsibility of dropping them off.
"Does he know the recipe?" Tony asked Peter, jokingly. When Peter nodded, Tony gasped turning to Steve, dramatically. Steve just rolled his eyes and kicked Tony under the table. Tony retaliated the move and Steve smiled at him, grabbing his free hand in his. He squeezed it and Tony brought it up to kiss Steve's. Peter raised his hand up to Steve demanding a kiss from his father too, not liking how he wasn't one of the recipient.
He pressed a quick kiss on Tony's nose, catching Tony off guard. "Until next time." Steve winked, the smirk on his face clearly indicating his pleasure of making Tony flustered.
Steve put his son down on the bed and tucked him in. He set pillows around him as Tony dug through the luggage and pulled out a fresh set of clothes for them both. They put them on and Steve looked at Tony, a raised brow and approaching smirk. "Isn't that my shirt?"
Peter was changed into a pair of underwear while the two adults changed into the swimming trunks Tony had packed. The man came prepared. Steve also found sunblock. He covered the kid with it, then Tony, and then himself, because he felt like the only adult since Tony complained in the process. Steve double and then triple checked the floaties before having Peter put them on and then checked once more.
Tony set off with a renewed determination, making his way through alleys back towards the mansion. He was sprinting up the drive towards the gate when suddenly there was a burst of rainbow-looking energy in front of him and he was sent sprawling back a few yards from the force.
“We’re grown professionals, stop whining and clean up the mess.” Steve called, and Clint looked over at Tony with a, ‘get a load of this guy’ look on his face. Tony sympathized with him and nodded gravely.
“Are you sure that a bath is necessary? I mean, it’ll melt eventually, I can just stand on this mat for a few hours-” Tony tried, but Steve
“Why all the long faces? We’ll catch him, we always do.” Clint said, bunting his head against Natasha’s shoulder and letting her groom his ears. Thor heaved a sigh and shook his head while Tony and Steve exchanged a put-out look.
Natasha and Clint followed the silent conversation, but Spider-guy was pretty preoccupied staring at Thor while the deity polished Mjolnir.
. The entire floor was a shifting mass of black and Tony had no idea what it was until it started to crawl up the metal poles underneath him.
Hey, sorry it's been so long. I have to be honest with you guys- this was originally written as practice, and I posted it on a whim, so nothing is pre-planned. The story is made mostly as it's typed (another reason I suck at updating, since the writing is sometimes slow going). So bear with me! Feel free to leave comments and kudos if you liked it, that really helps me to stay motivated, and reassures that this isn't a total crapshoot, lol. So sorry for the gap and I hope you stick around for the next chapter! :)
Steve fell back behind Maria and Coulson, instead trotting between Thor and Natasha. They both gave him disappointed looks, and he returned them. The team was a bit demoralized after finding the armor and then absolutely nothing. Bruce and Clint were quiet (maybe because of Clint’s deafness and Bruce not knowing morse code, but either way, everyone was a bit put-out), and Steve wasn’t really sure what to say to bring up their spirits.
“Phil, with all due respect, I can handle most of anything Tony can dish out, so I really don’t think I’ll be floored. Tell me what happened. JARVIS, you can close the doors.” Pepper cocked her hips and folded her arms, gaze switching between Peter and the phone. She wasn’t pleased, but she also didn’t seem very surprised.
“One for you, two for Widow, and three for both.” She said, and Tony only gave two barks. He was fine; his ankle was going numb and he had burns on his tail and forelegs, but he would be alright. He still smelled blood and he had no idea where Natasha was bleeding; she needed help first.
“It’s alright, Steve. I know you didn’t do it on purpose.” Tony said, ears back as he refused to meet Steve’s eyes. God, he was pathetic, wasn’t he? A bath was all it took to send him running with his tail between his legs. Starks were supposed to be made of iron, strong and sturdy. He felt a bit like silver- brittle and fragile. Breakable. It was an awful feeling and he just wanted to crawl into a hole.
“Stark! Hold still!” It was Clint, and he forced Tony to stay in one spot as a flurry of hands brushed all the insects out of his fur. They scattered and disappeared back into the decaying church, leaving Tony and Clint to stand there and watch in disgusted awe.
“Well I don’t have the means or time- or, well, fingers- to make all the code for verbal communication. That would take a hell of a lot longer, and this is faster either way. I’m going to have JARVIS record me doing things like paw swipes and tail wags, and when I put them in certain orders, it’ll mean something to him and he can respond. Faster than morse code, and I already have a lot of human non-verbal signs coded in, so I only have to make an addition on top of those, and re-record the ones that can’t translate.” Tony was making his way through the paw motions he had pre-planned, JARVIS giving a helpful ‘bing’ whenever he was satisfied with the scan.
“He did not inflict it upon himself with purpose. The Man of Iron interrupted the spell, causing it to rebound upon the caster himself.” Steve suddenly stood up straighter, looking around the roof again.
“I used to get annoyed by Anthony’s constant chatter, but now that it is gone, I miss it more than I miss braddlebok.” It was true for most of them, besides the fact that they really had no idea what braddlebok was.
“Those energy readings we picked up weren’t like the tesseract’s- we’d see the match immediately. Are you one-hundred percent sure?” Fury asked, and Tony nodded impatiently. They sat in silence for a few more beats and listened to the scratch of the agent’s pen before Fury hummed and pushed his chair back.
you get checked out. Hannah’s been called in and we need to make sure you get help right away.” Steve said as they walked into an examination room. He put Tony down on the table and took a step back while Bruce hovered right by Tony’s head, fingers running through the fur on his neck and fiddling with the oxygen line. It seemed to have a calming effect on them both and Bruce not-so-subtly took one of Steve’s hands and directed it to Tony’s head.
The others seemed to settle down and Tony could hear their efforts as they ordered one another around. His comms would occasionally fuzz out, but it didn’t completely die, so Tony relaxed as much as he could while under god knows how many feet of building and trying to breathe after so much smoke inhalation. His chest felt like it was on fire.
He was so exhausted and drained; he didn’t even want to get up, didn’t have the energy to find Bruce or chew on a rubber bone. Tony wasn’t sure what he would do if he was put back into the dark again; maybe his weak heart would finally just give out and he could have a peaceful rest for once in his hectic life.
Though, it wasn’t anything he wasn’t used to. Tony Stark has been striving to go above and beyond since he was a young child. Proving to his father that he was worth attention, proving to SI that he was a competent CEO, proving to the world that he was good at being Iron Man. His father never gave him the time of day and he ended up giving the CEO position to Pepper, but at least the media agreed that he was good at what he did. The other Avengers? Not so much.
‘Fucking magic’, Tony sighed. He always felt like that after an encounter with everybody’s favorite helmet-head. The sense of wrong only got more potent when he first opened his eyes.
Tony kept it up for almost another hour, while Steve groomed himself and watched in amusement at Tony performing various things like hopping on his back feet or bobbing his head like a chicken. He was also learning which motions meant what, so Tony supposed that it wasn’t all for a laugh.
“Hey, Tony. Long time no see.” She beamed at him, and it was that contagious sort of happiness, so he found himself with a genuine smile.
“Shall I place an order for the necessary cat supplies?” The AI seemed to understand the situation perfectly fine, and Steve felt a small spark of pride for Tony’s ability to code. Phil cracked another smile.
“Chill out, cat. You don’t want to be a furry pancake, do you?” Tony had to agree with that, but it didn’t mean he wanted to be man-handled against his will. The kid looked no older than seventeen or eighteen, tall and gangly, with curly dark-brown hair and nerd glasses. He was being squeezed uncomfortably as they crossed the street, and Tony felt no remorse when he bit down on the kid’s hand. “Ow! Shit! Cut it out, you little-!” He cut himself off before he made a scene, instead gripping the cat more firmly and picking up his pace. “You’re ungrateful, you know that?” He muttered, ignoring the flailing and panicking cat as he walked farther and farther away from Tony’s saving grace. “Calm down! I’m not gonna hurt you!” They stopped, and the kid brought Tony up until they were nose-to-nose. “You’re not a stray, so don’t give me that look. You’re too well-fed and healthy to be living on the streets. I’m not sure if you’re chipped, but I’m gonna bring you home with me and make some posters to hang around, and see if anyone recognizes you. It’s not everyday you find a nice kitty like yourself.” Tony huffed, unsure whether to be insulted or just slightly irritated. The kid walked for almost twenty minutes before they seemed to reach the right part of town. Tony was tucked underneath the kid’s arm as they turned down a road, houses lining the street. They turned up one of the paths to an unassuming two story, and the kid barged inside, having apparently left it unlocked.
As if he was reading Steve’s mind, Bucky added, “The universe just ain’t givin’ me a break. I get rid of one sick best friend, and gained another. Fuckin’ great.” Though he was grousing, it was clear to Steve that Bucky meant his words in jest, a way to reclaim the fear and horror of the situation and turn it into something a little lighter, a little easier to manage.
Steve didn’t marry her the next day, so that was another one of his certainties that was proven wrong. But he did eventually do everything he vowed to do, so, technically…
Whoever it was, it seemed to work, because after an agonizing second, Toni was shouting out orders again. Something about reactors and rerouting pressure and emergency sensory dulling nerve-based tech; honestly, from the sounds of it, she seemed like she was actually smarter than she’d advertised, which might have meant that Steve had something to apologize for if he survived this.
Noting the bullet holes in the armor, Steve had to ask. “How long is that thing going to hold up, Shellhead?” he flicked his head towards the damage in reference.
“Gotcha, I got ya,” Toni was saying over and over as Bucky clung to the armor and as she reached out an arm for Steve to grab on to for support. “It’s okay, c’mon.”
Maybe it was the frankness of her answer, or maybe it was his own relief staggering him, but Bucky wordlessly switched the Quinjet to autopilot, shifted in place, and gathered her close to his chest. It was different from Steve’s hugs, and yet also different from Rhodey’s; Bucky had claimed a category entirely his own in her heart, and had since the day he’d come to the tower. In her less guarded moments, usually softened by sleepiness, Toni sometimes imagined he was a mix of best friend and brother-in-law, but suffice to say, that thought had never seen the light of day.
“Nothin’ much,” Steve shrugged, still feeling inexplicably like he’d been sucker punched. “Jus’ that he was tired of waiting around for nothin’, and he was happy that we were best friends so he wasn’t going to ruin that for anythin’. That he wouldn’t have to, now, because he’s
Steve, to his surprise, didn’t rebuke him for the attitude. “Sorry, love,” he apologized instead, somehow managing to sound teasingly contrite. “Just trying to drive the point home.”
Bucky had that look again, like he was about to say something, but he still didn’t follow through. “Well that’s good then, right?” he asked slowly, almost cautiously. “Because if you’re not into him, and he’s over you, then… everythin’ can just be business as normal?”
I really hope the reunions are everything you guys hoped for; this chapter is structured a little differently, because it's entirely Toni's point of view as she interacts with everyone. I tried to stay as true to the characters as possible (another thing that made this chapter hard to write) so I hope it's alright!
Shaking his head to clear it of the muddled, confused thoughts, he argued lowly. “She’s different, Buck, you and I both know it. She deserves more than a roll in the sheets.”
Precisely none, because if the love of her life and their son wasn’t motivator enough, nothing else would be.
. If she ever did, Rhodey would drop whatever it was and stay, no questions asked. She wasn’t sure when exactly that promise had been made between them – because certainly, it went both ways – but they’d honored it religiously ever since.
“Stay out of trouble, Tones. I mean it,” he playfully scolded as he pulled away, and Toni rolled her eyes in response. Over his shoulder, she saw Steve waiting patiently until they were done.
“You don’t need to justify yourself to me,” he replied mildly, and Toni had enough presence of mind to feel chastised. Of course she knew that her best friend required no explanation; he simply vented his frustration by way of acceptance.
Steve paused for a beat, slightly startled by the sound of Tony’s voice, before pointedly slamming his fist into the punching bag again. And then grunting, more out of irritation than pain, when his knuckles split under the pressure.
“Does it?” he grinned in amusement, lifting Toni off her feet and kissing the juncture between her neck and shoulder just to hear her laugh, and feel her clinging to him. “Does that sound about right to you?”
After several long moments, her tears turned to sniffles, but she didn’t move away. “She called me sweet pea.”
But then, Agent Carter was shooting at him, eyes frosty and livid as they had been when they’d seen him caught in that awkward encounter with the dame outside, and even as Toni distractedly promised to push the design work on his costume and shield through, she was following her friend’s march out of the room, and Steve knew that he’d managed to shoot himself in the foot before he could even try to court the genius.
“Yeah,” the blond agreed softly, simple happiness lingering with the contentment he was always filled with whenever he was with Tony. “I never really got to appreciate it before now.”
“Yeah,” he nodded easily, ducking a little to enter and turning to face her with a smile when he was inside. "I just… I haven’t apologized yet.”
she murmured, the edge of Russian telling a story of emotions that the spy wouldn’t allow to see the light of day.
Not sparing either man a glance, she turned around and walked out of the lab, not caring about anything else except the trembling little boy in her arms.
“No, hear me out,” Barnes grumbled, but dragged himself upright anyway. “You think Nat has to deal with her moronic friends shaking her awake at three am in the fuckin’ mornin’? No way.”
The sound of his name falling from Tony’s lips like a prayer, combined with how receptive the other man was, told Steve that he wouldn’t last long enough to be inside Tony. Not this first time. It was, of course, a disappointment of sorts, but in other ways, the romantic side of himself for example, Steve reasoned that it was good. Their first time together shouldn’t be like this, in the wake of an argument with emotions running high and Steve not even having taken Tony on a proper date yet.
At the very least, the words had woken Bucky up, and his best friend was now eyeing him speculatively.
Thankfully, the sling was enough, and the redhead slowed her stride. Concern registered in her eyes for a brief moment before the irritation returned, but it was enough to show Toni that the anger was a surface emotion; favoured over the fear, she supposed.
Toni moved swiftly past them, but paused to throw a measured request over her shoulder, voice cold and hard. “Keep one of them alive. Someone needs to spread the word about what to expect if anyone touches my son again.”
“Are you sure you’ll be okay?” Steve murmured almost inaudibly, misery darkening his eyes to cobalt as he took in her tight, pale features.
The son in question, curled up on the window seat that Toni usually claimed to sing him to sleep, didn’t even look up from where he’d buried his head in his arms, as the door swung softly open. A soft sniffle and the small shudder that rocked his frame told Toni all she needed to know, and she was pretty sure that her heart was hurting worse than when she’d put in the arc.
So, no. She’d never related to the Mama Bear in that story, so she had no idea why people so often compared her to a Mama Bear.
A woman burst through the crowd from his left, incoherent and sobbing, and scooped up the little boy as the suit deposited him gently to the ground. The kid’s mother, he assumed, judging from her wails and the way the little boy clung to her, crying his own relief and happiness. She pulled back only to press kisses to his face wherever she could reach, and though it was a heartwarming reunion, Steve just couldn’t find it in himself to feel any joy for it.
Peggy’s face fell slightly, but she didn’t look surprised. If anything, there was sad resignation in her eyes as she smiled softly. “She wasn’t feeling well earlier,” the agent replied, a touch of concern in her tone. “She was going to head back to her room to get some rest, last I heard.”
, Toni thought with absent fondness when she spotted Steve taking a discreet step back. This part of the job was too often laid on his shoulders, so the supersoldier tended to enjoy it when the rest of them had to muddle through the gratitude and tears.
“JARVIS?” Bruce addressed the AI that somehow permanently tuned into their entire comm unit. When the crisp British voice answered, the scientist continued. “Can you scan the wreckage? Use Toni and the kid’s heat signatures and maybe some echo imaging to get an idea of where we’re looking for her?”
When it became clear that Tony wasn’t going to kick off their strategizing with a little light banter to lift their spirits, Steve awkwardly fumbled into the battle plan that he usually delivered with all the steady surety of Captain America. What he hadn’t realized, was just how big a part Iron Man played in keeping him as rock-solid as he was; Tony was the foundation that gave Steve the stability to be the Captain.
When they stopped, he was dragged bodily out of the van by two sets of hands. “Oh, honey, you bring me to the nicest places,” he mock simpered, and had the satisfaction of hearing the man closest to him break out a streak of cussing.
and whatever other dramatic declarations of urgency the SHIELD director deigned to make. She didn’t bother paying it much heed, not when she could instead study Steve’s face and the adorable expressions he made, especially the faint disapproval when Fury cussed or, more memorably, the glint of temper when the man had cussed in relation to her. Steve’s protectiveness was a force not unknown to any of their team, and it was something most of them tried to avoid for fear of their health, especially after that memorable incident when her boyfriend had broken some idiot’s jaw when he’d tried to grope her at an SI gala.
For a long moment, Coulson didn’t speak, but before Toni could break the silence by asking him what was on his mind, he uttered a quiet, “You’re welcome.” He seemed to hesitate for another long moment, before touching a hand to her elbow, stopping her in place. He waited until she was looking up at him before adding, “If he’s a problem, let me know. I can see about hurrying the process along to send him back.”
“Yeah, Starks are a bit of an acquired taste,” he joked, placing an armor-clad arm on Steve’s shoulder to pull him down into a crouch. Steve went willingly – trust came pretty easily when he considered that the guy had flown in and plucked him out of the sky when his parachute had been ripped to shreds by stray bullets, effectively saving his hide in the first ten seconds of their meeting – and it proved helpful when he saw the vehicles approaching the factory. “Even then, it’s a somewhat annoying taste.”
“Yeah, that’s a good idea, honey,” Clint replied, steadier now with the renewed faith that he’d borrowed from his amazing wife. “Give ‘em a hug from me. Love you.”
A problem for a later day, she decided, as she heard the clink of glass against glass. She could guess what was happening here.
The words were barely out of his mouth before Steve began to consider whether he wanted to break the man’s other cheekbone, or aim for something a little more painful. Before he could decide, though, Howard remarked cavalierly, “You’d think she’d be grateful to me for trying to keep her from fucking up that kid, and you, as much as she’s fucked everything else in her life up, but that was always Antonietta for you. About as thankless and worthless as the day is long.”
? Christ, she hated her father, but she really hoped her boyfriend hadn’t killed him. That would have been difficult to explain to Fury.
Forcefully, the genius shoved those thoughts away, needing to believe that a rescue team would be there soon enough and get them out before things got desperate. The first step to helping was to fix JARVIS, and so Toni concentrated on that while launching into another story about the time that Peter had climbed atop of Mjolnir, only to start flying throughout the Tower when Thor recalled his hammer from four stories up.
It wasn’t as simple as that, and Toni got the feeling that all three of them would need some help in the coming weeks, but it was all she could do right then. And she thought it might have been enough, when Steve nodded once in acceptance and tucked her into his chest so that both her and Peter were safe in his embrace.
Toni responded by leaning down and catching his lips with hers again, a needy little sound being torn from deep in her throat as Steve’s hand brushed up along her body. His intentions were obvious, from the movement of his hand to the deep and bruising quality his kisses were taking on, and Toni was entirely on board.
“Funny, I was about to tell you the same thing,” he retorted, chucking her softly underneath her chin. And then, because even tradition could be altered after she’d nearly died, he stood in front of her, shielding her from the crowds, and gathered her to his chest. “You’re gonna be okay?” he asked softly.
The silence only lasted about 15 minutes before it was broken again. “What are you working on?” Howard asked, somehow managing to sound curious and condescending all at once. It grated on her nerves, but Toni swallowed the instinctive response, namely telling her dad to kindly go fuck himself.
Expert fingers flipped the modified design of the watch he’d been working on last week. He’d added a manual activation switch for the tracker and replaced the comm interface with a targeting interface, to complement the radically new and yet untested repulsor tech he was installing in it. What was meant to only be a shield in the standard model, was going to be a gauntlet of sorts for him as soon as he could figure out how to connect the watch to the arc reactor. It would provide enough power to send a limited number of repulsor blasts, he was sure. If he included the nanotech to flip panels along his entire arm, like a sleeve, he could add the wiring between them, maybe even stretch the arm-shield into a chest shield to protect the arc.
Steve rolled his eyes as Bucky groaned into his pillow, feigning exasperation but still managing to be really pleased that his best friend was reaching a point in his recovery where he could joke around about what had happened to him. “Nearly a whole century, and you’re still not even sorta funny,” he shot back easily, folding his legs underneath himself and making himself comfortable at the foot of Bucky’s bed.
She coughed a little to clear her throat before speaking. “It’s no big deal, don’t worry about it. Getting those soldiers back safely was worth a hell of a lot more than those designs.” There was a beat of hesitation that was uncharacteristic of her, before Toni lifted her gaze back to meet his squarely. “It was really brave of you to go there,” she told him seriously, and for some reason, her words made his chest burn with pride and pleasure. “I’m glad you got back safely.”
Steve turned around and walked away with Peter. He could hear Peter asking another question and Steve answering him but he couldn't quite make out the wordings.
Pepper had to step in, again, and make Tony choose one. Firmly stating that if Steve agreed to every option he had been given, maybe food wasn't why Steve was doing this. It was reassuring that Steve was thinking that way but Tony really didn't want to screw this up.
He felt Steve adjust his own hand to have his fingers wrap around Tony's, adding a soft pressure. "I am. I definitely am. I'm also sorry for doubting you earlier."
"Thanks for teaching my son to eat healthy." Steve said in a monotone, putting back the jar, taking out the baking powder.
"Oh, thank god." Tony kissed Steve. It was indeed a beautiful night, just as beautiful as the glowing sky.
"Look, Tony, Mr. Samberg wanted it like this. And you need to make up for what you did at his party two months ago. Just do it. It would take only an hour."
"No excuses, Tony. You wanted to go so bad that you invaded his privacy. Maybe this will be sort of like a punishment. You know you'd deserve it if it was one."
for sure what he had always thought of, ever since getting together with Steve, the world could collapse around them but if Steve needed him for anything, Tony would always be present with his best abilities to provide for the man whatever he required.
"I knew her since we were kids. We played together. We grew together." Tony didn't dare interrupt with a question no matter how ever many were circling his head. "At the time, she was the best thing ever for me. I loved her. She was my best friend. Me, her, Bucky. We were a team. And then..." Steve stopped to sniff and rub his nose. Taking in a shaking breath, he continued.
A hologram slide came in front of him and he started working. He didn't know why but he needed to find more about that man. He was too intrusive, with the best of heart, mind you, to just sit back and wonder. Not one of his best qualities but he couldn't help it.
Soon enough he felt Peter's body grow heavier and heavier, until the boy wouldn't move except for the deep breaths he took. Tony closed the book and placed it on the nightstand. He got his phone from there and saw a text from Steve.
Tony didn't know what to say, he just kept his hand going through Steve's hair, as if to make him aware of his presence.
“Wait, is he okay?” Spider-Man popped up from where he was slouched in a roll-y chair on his phone, sitting a little more professionally as Thor followed Natasha and Tony in.
“Chuvstvovat' sebya luchshe, shchenok.” She whispered, leaning forward to kiss the side of his head before she got up and left. Bruce and Steve stopped drying and watched her leave, giving Tony incredulous looks when he caught their gaze. They didn’t say anything though, and instead continued rubbing his back.
The minutes passed slowly, and he’d just gotten a glimpse on the newsfeed of his team (and Spider-Man? More hands make lighter work, he supposed) when there was an explosion that rocked both the news camera and the mansion. Instantly the power flickered off, leaving the mansion so quiet and still that Tony could hear the sounds of the battle in the distance.
Feel free to drop me a comment if you like the chapter! Also feel free if there's something you want to see happen, i might be able to work it in ;)
Tony wasn’t moving as fast as he’d like, hovering a few seconds to let the swarm catch up, before he shot down the street and waited for them again, trying not to lose their attention. Thor waited patiently enough but each time Tony stopped he was nearly snatched by an ambitious ‘hopper and he really just wanted to get this fight over with so he could go back to the mansion and power-wash the guts off his armor. He’d already almost thrown up in the suit before JARVIS started filtering the air to get rid of the smell, and he was really just done with this disgusting creepy-crawly day.
. Tony looks pointedly at one of the tablets and then to Spider-guy. Steve must figure that Tony needs a tablet, so he gently slides one off the table and next to Tony’s paws on his chair.
, shuffling out of the kitchen and hopefully towards the bedrooms, where he could get some real rest. He’d mentioned not being able to get more than four hours a night, which even in Tony’s book wasn’t nearly enough.
“Okay, I think I’m good. Our goal is still finding Peter, but we’re out of options right now, so we might as well face the wrath of Coulson and see if SHIELD has any leads.” Tony decided, bunting his head to Steve’s as they got up and went back to join the others. Bruce and Thor were sitting in the foyer, looking out the front door at something Steve and Tony couldn’t see.
Tony suddenly got the sensation of being watched, and he whipped his head around to see something dark moving across the street. His heart jumped into his throat and Tony instinctively crouched down, watching as the shadow slipped around a brick wall and disappeared. It was still deathly silent and the only noise Tony could hear was the pounding of his own heart.
“I thought JARVIS was just pissed! You mean he hasn’t been giving us the cold shoulder? He’s offline?” Bruce squawked, making the others all look over at him with confused frowns. Thor had gone to the kitchen after Steve, but now he was sticking his head back into the room, ignoring the dusting of what seemed to be flour in his hair.
I'm trying to make these chapters longer, but I've been a bit busy recently, and I can barely crank out a few pages per week. I hope you guys aren't terribly bothered!
Tony was cold to the bone but it didn’t stop his entire body heating with shame. He wanted to curl under a rock for the rest of his life because he was such a pathetic
“I’m glad you’re okay.” Was whispered in the fur of his neck before Bruce stood up and closed the medkit, stretching out his back.
“Jesus, do we have to wear those all the time? I refuse.” Clint jumped down, Thor right on his tail. The rest of them let themselves be strapped up. Natasha was having a hard time balancing herself, though Steve and Bruce figured it out pretty quickly.
“You’re all on house arrest, officially. It’s going in the files and I’ll have agents posted around the tower to keep me updated. If this
“Two active agents, one emergency medic, but we can have another jet down in less than ten minutes.” One of the pilots said, zipping up her suit and getting a gun out of the weapons cage. The other pilot got out Tony’s gear and he could barely make himself sit still as he was suited up.
Firstly, he wasn’t sure if he could survive having Steve lather him up and rinse him off over and over, having those strong and gentle hands all over his body…. Wait, he wasn’t supposed to be thinking like that! Steve was a loyal teammate and nothing more. Tony scolded himself, and banished the thoughts from his head.
Tony led them to the coffee table, and Bruce sucked in a breath through his teeth at the sight of the blood smeared around the edge.
? They were never this pissy before he’d been a dog, and he hadn’t even done much! He had so much energy that he was constantly restless, was it really his fault that they didn’t let him outside? Clint had found him successfully using a regular toilet (Tony was still slightly mortified) and they all figured he didn’t need to go out, since he didn’t need to use the bathroom in the grass and it was ‘dangerous’ for him anyway. And now they didn’t even realize what happened when they left him locked in that room, gave him flashbacks of all the painful memories his brain could come up with.
“Tony, take a deep breath. Peter is going to be fine. He’s incredibly smart, and resourceful. He’s not going to put himself right in the path of danger. He’d take back streets, keep tabs on the news, and make sure he could get around without being too near the fighting. Just breathe a bit and we’ll come up with our next game plan.” Steve soothed, gently rolling Tony onto his stomach and lying across his back so he could groom Tony’s ears.
The world around him fuzzed back into semi-awareness and he saw the snow, saw the driveway he was laying in and he saw the mansion towering over them in front of the gray sky. He was in New York, with his team, the Avengers-
“I still have that bad feeling. It never proved me wrong as a human, and I don’t think it will as a cat either. There’s gotta be
What wasn’t the usual was turning down into SHIELD medical. Even when they had injuries, it had to be severe for any of them to willingly accept medical care. Everyone besides Steve and Tony split off to go back to the hanger. Tony made to go with them, but Steve had his leash in hand (a requirement from Fury) and firmly tugged him towards medical. What the hell was going on?
“Here, can you tell us what happened?” Bruce asked, dropping their handy paper roll and paints on the smooth floor of the kitchen. He helpfully opened the black and dropped a dollop for Tony to use.
out of the room as the rest of them all got up to stretch. Tony snatched up the flak jacket and dragged it over to Clint, nudging him in the leg with it before he could leave the kitchen.
“Braddlebok is my favorite Asgardian dish. Mother used to make it when Loki and I were sick.” They all sighed with differing amounts of childhood nostalgia. Steve, at least, could agree that he missed Tony more than his mother’s chicken noodle soup.
“So what, exactly, were you saying, about how I stole S.H.I.E.L.D. property, and-” Coulson shook his head, and Maria did a ‘meh’ hand gesture.
“Indeed it is. The last time you ate something substantial at the correct hour- of your own volition, excluding business ventures- was nearly a month ago.” JARVIS tended to keep track of things like that. Tony pulled his knees up to his chest and used them as a makeshift table while Dummy handed him the smoothie, and then helped out by rolling him all the way back to his work table.
“I’ll try, Steve, but sometimes I don’t get the chance; remember the bomb, from the other week?” Tony said, trying not to sound pleading and likely falling short of the mark. Steve nodded, second sandwich almost gone, though he stopped eating to give Tony all of his attention. “I had no idea it was there until I stumbled on it, and it had less than thirty seconds left before it was going to blow. I’m a genius, but even then I diffused it with barely a second to spare. If I’d tried to explain and focus at the same time, I’m not sure New York would have walked away intact. I can’t always multi-task under so much pressure.” Tony brushed his hands off on his pants and flipped the soldering mask down so Steve couldn’t see his face.
“You can’t communicate verbally, but you’ll still have comms to receive orders.” She said, pulling things out of a bag by her feet and hooking them onto Tony’s vest. “You’ve got a lot of equipment on, but we should get all the information we need so you can pop in and out really quick. There isn’t supposed to be anyone there since most of the town is abandoned, but always keep an eye out. And, if you’re in a jam and need help, rip this red tab out of here-” She tapped a small device she had fastened to the front of Tony’s vest, which was about the size of a gummy bear with a finger-length red paper stuck out the top. “-and it’ll send a distress call out to us. Agents Hawkeye and Widow will be the first responders, followed by the rest of the unit if backup also radios in. Got it?” She asked, and Tony nodded, running through the equipment once more to make sure he knew what he was doing.
“Uh, I was thinking they look kind of like a less-beefy version of those Hammer drones from the Stark expo a few years ago.” He said, and Tony was so surprised he accidentally let his mouth hang open for a few seconds. This guy must have a good memory, or otherwise a knack for recognizing patterns.
“I’ll give you a call next time we have a mission.” Fury said to them as they left, which meant he had something in the works and there would be two to three days of rest, according to Clint.
When night-time rolled around again, and the others had to leave, Tony despaired to find out that Natasha was being released before he was.
Tony’d had no idea how much Clint always carried on his back, the burdens he had acquired both at SHIELD and from being an Avenger. He hadn’t gone back farther than the mind control, and Tony figured he had to step up his friend-game to unlock that particular backstory.
And so what? Steve would be a great president. He was charismatic, thoughtful, and, most importantly, he genuinely cared about the American people. Tony had joined the primaries as a stunt, as a way to keep one asshole politician away from fulfilling his highest ambitions, and he’d only stayed in the race so long because he kept winning. It was an ego boost, simple as that.
Steve blinked. “Oh. Right.” He glanced over at his own phone, which had been buzzing on the dresser across the room for the past half hour at least. Tony’s stomach did a happy dance as he remembered once again that Steve used a Stark phone and had ever since he left the Army. “I should probably get cleaned up and dressed,” he sighed.
He reached a hand down to close over Steve’s wrist. Steve, to his credit, stopped jerking him off instantly.
Tony moved in that direction, only half focussed on the continuing info dump of his best friends as he scanned all the information. Then he did a double take at what he saw on one of the screens.
He had no idea how long they lay tangled together kissing, but eventually Tony became aware of Steve’s cock still hard and hot against his thigh. He furrowed his brow in confusion.
It’d been too long, and Steve was too hot, and even dry this was all gonna be over way too soon if Tony didn’t redirect them this very second.
“Steve?” Tony asked, moving gentle hands up to comb through Steve’s sweaty locks. “You still with me?”
After he pulled off, Tony crawled back up the bed and laid on his side, watching Steve gasp and slowly come back to himself.
“You’ll call me after the election?” Steve asked. He looked slightly nervous again. Tony kept his cheer at that to himself.
Tony’s back hit the wall with a loud thump just as Steve reached into the open fly of Tony’s trousers.
“Don’t you already know, Mr. ‘I created an algorithm that’s already predicted the winner down to the district level’?” Steve snarked, shooting Tony a wicked smirk that made Tony’s dick consider going another round.
“So, you haven’t seemed terribly adverse to all the flirting the past couple months. The Twitter debates and the texting . . . .” Steve blinked at him and wiped at his face with the towel, his eyes immediately going back to Tony’s. That really should not be as hot as it was. “And I was thinking, after tonight, one of us is going to be President-Elect and this whole, thing, we’ve got going. It’s gonna be a lot more difficult to turn into anything.”
Tony shrugged, hoping the action didn’t look half as flaily as it felt. “More to see if it was actually on the table or if, y’know, this was all just campaign gimmicks.”
Tony huffed and looked around, putting his phone away as casually as possible. “God, the suspense is killing me here,” he quipped, hoping for someone to give him a distraction.
Speaking of, one of Pepper’s favorites was crying. He sauntered over to her and stood next to her; she didn’t seem to notice.
“You gotta admit, it was a dick move to disappear on us like that,” Rhodey said, sidling up. He was holding something that was decidedly not apple juice.
Tony shook the hands of some of his own senior campaign staff, thanking them for all their hard work. On the TV, Steve still hadn’t checked his phone. Tony tried not to let it get to him. There was no reason to give in to total despair just yet. Steve might not even have his phone on him. Bizarre as that concept was, some people did do that. It was good to have a little perspective about these things. Just because Tony had seen him move to answer it earlier didn’t mean he actually had it on him. Maybe someone had pinched his butt and that was why he had jerked like that. It was possible. Unlikely, but totally possible.
Tony nipped at Steve’s lower lip, relishing in the way it made him shudder. Steve returned the favor by kissing Tony so deeply he felt it in his balls.
Tony grinned and tongued at him some more before sinking down slowly, letting the head of Steve’s cock bump against his soft palate before pulling up again. He repeated the pattern, sometimes sucking harder, going deeper, teasing more, and generally working Steve over with every skill he’d learned in more than 20 years of being a world-renowned slut. Steve gasped and groaned like a porn star in response, tugging on Tony’s hair and making aborted thrusts with his hips until Tony opened his throat and encouraged him to go to town.
Steve sent him a dark smirk that nearly had Tony coming right there. Then they were kissing again, hands grasping over slick skin, tongues sliding into each other’s mouths. Tony was dimly aware of his shirt losing a few buttons and his tie being yanked from his throat, but he was too consumed with how amazing Steve’s body felt under his hands, how electrifyingly good Steve tasted, to care about the state of his own clothes just then.
“I thought that was the idea,” Steve purred in his ear, twisting his wrist in a move that both collected the precum dripping from Tony’s rigid cock and ratcheted the tension an order of magnitude higher.
Steve gathered Tony’s wrists above his head and rocked down onto his cock with a tight squeeze that made Tony actually whine.
“Just collecting data,” Tony said, his own voice shuddering as Steve rocked down on him slightly faster now.
The corner of Tony’s mouth twitched up as Steve floundered. How could a man who could give speeches like Steve could, command an audience like Steve could, a man who had exuded pure sex not even an hour ago, look so damn cute and flustered? He was like a new puppy trying to walk across a smoothly tiled floor. It was absolutely charming.
The elevator crept up at half speed, the floor indicator flashing its change of numbers as slowly as possible. Tony took out his phone to check his texts.
Ten years ago he would have been angling to get her into bed at this point, an impulse that felt so completely foreign to him now that he knew his smile was off. Fortunately for everyone involved, his phone vibrated in his pocket. He edged away, being obvious about answering it.
“Per electoral vote. Whichever of us wins gets more, obviously, but whoever loses gets a blowjob per electoral vote too.” His tongue darted out to lick his bottom lip. He looked nervous again.
“Then yeah,” Tony said, a small smile tugging at his mouth. “I’ll call you. Text you, even. Probably at two in the morning. Can’t let you get too much beauty sleep, you’ll make me look bad.”
“I wanted to watch you fall apart first,” Steve said. There was a soft, fond look on his face that Tony wasn’t used to seeing directed at him, especially not from someone he’d practically annoyed into sleeping with him.
Next, Steve quickly accepted a hug from a gorgeous redhead Tony thought might be his Campaign Manager. What was her name again? Rushman? Regan? Romanov? Something with an R, anyway. He’d need to learn it later, whatever it was, because he was pretty sure she’d become Steve’s Chief of Staff once they were in office.
“Especially not dressed like that,” Tony blurted. “Though it would be quite the fashion statement coming from such a prominent politician such as yourself. Speaking of prominent–”
Of course the Rogers/Wilson Campaign had rented out floors of a hotel in Brooklyn for election night. It was exactly the sort of sentimental thing Steve would do for what would be the biggest night of his life.
They were grinning into each other’s mouths too much for it to be a proper kiss, but then Tony tightened his hands in Steve’s hair, and suddenly he had a growling senator taking possession of his mouth in the most delicious way possible.
“Jesus fuck,” Tony moaned, his eyes rolling back in his head at the image. Steve took his hand away.
It was fun doing a sort of reverse strip tease for Steve, who carefully stayed outside of touching distance, even though Tony caught his hands twitching toward him a couple of times. His shirt was a complete loss, Tony realized as he slipped it back on. Half the buttons were missing and there was a rip on the shoulder. He couldn’t find his tie anywhere either. Oh well. His overcoat hid the worst of the damage, and he was going to need to shower and change on the plane anyway.
“Seriously, Tony, what are you doing here?” Steve asked. He dropped his phone on a nearby table, swiping a towel off the back of the chair it was draped over in exchange.
Steve winced, but slid his hands along Tony’s waist anyway, like it was the most natural thing in the world to hold him when they were standing this close. “Please don’t say that in your concession speech. Or your acceptance speech. Just don’t say it outside this room.”
Steve though, Steve wanted it. He’d worked for it, planned for it for years. Tony’s heart still clenched when he thought about the interview Steve gave in which he’d admitted to making a deal with himself while he was still in the army: if he survived, he’d run for public office to fight for Veterans’ rights, to fight for more options for kids like him and his friend, Barnes, who lost his arm to an IED after two tours in Iraq. Steve’s voting record showed nothing but goodwill and follow through on all counts.
