Mother had explained why the sounds from the range could not be heard upstairs in the house.  Lots of soundproofing.  James had looked up the formulas needed for the baffling.  James always thought of the range as separate from the house that way. Part of it had been a wine cellar, and part a secret place for smuggled things.  James thought the idea of a secret hiding place was interesting, but he was not allowed to share it with anyone.
His son looked up quickly, eyes wide in shock.  “No!  No sweet!” Siger said loudly.  “Siger is sweet.  Baby, not sweet.”  His hands were attempting to sign around the armful of sister.
They’d been together, the three of them, at the Initiative under very similar circumstances.  Jeanette had not given birth to Siger, their son, but she’d carried one of Sherlock’s many children  - all part of a grand scheme by the long dead Jim Moriarty.
“But didn’t I hear you tell your sisters that angels say, ‘Fear not’?” Sherlock could not stop himself from asking.
There are few more compelling odors than roasting meat.  Cooking does more than kill parasites and bacteria.  It caramelizes, makes fat and protein sweeter, their flavors stronger.  It appeals to the body of omnivore and carnivore alike.
“I was joking,” John said, pulling his madman close, “There’s nothing wrong.  You’re looking at too many of the particles instead of the whole organism.  They’re happy.  They’re healthy.  They’ll talk when it’s right for them.  They’ll crawl and stand and walk when it’s right for them.  And they’ll both do it differently.  Don’t worry.”
There were, of course, criminals -- the stoats and weasels of the Wild Wood, although they were not a particularly clever criminal class.  There was danger, which the shy Mole was more than happy to take up a revolver or a cudgel and whack at.  There was a waistcoated Toad causing anarchy and chaos.  Sherlock had decided that character would do for Mycroft, even if it was a bit forced.  Which made the surly old Badger Lestrade in his mental recording of the story.
Uncle Greg.  Would she get him in trouble?  Would there be inferences of favoritism? Had the person who targeted her for this known that she was connected?  Or did they think she was just an ordinary art student?  Was this meant to cause problems for her uncle?  Or for her father?  Sherlock Holmes was a name to conjure with, if it came to that.
“You picked the most sentimental of the lot to start off with, John.”  Sherlock slouched into the room and took his place, laid out on the sofa, legs dangling over the arm.
She gave a little jump, then hurried after them down the hallway.  “Mycroft’s house, now.  Not what I imagined.”
“No, Daddy.  I have something to do,” Siger told his father.  He went to his shelf in the sitting room, opened a plastic box, and took out a packet of paper and some crayons from it.
“I had thought that Alice Brown could supervise that aspect of his education.  It would be interesting to observe and time his mathematical experiences.”  This was said simply.  No need to manipulate in this space.
Instead, Sherlock had gone off without his blogger.  Dr. John Watson was left behind to pain and despair, and punching Mycroft.  Alright, that might have been fun to witness.  Instead Sherlock had flown off to Eastern Europe to start tracking down Moriarty’s lieutenants, his soldiers, and the remains of his web.  Sherlock had chased Moran all over the world.  It had been tedious.  Not much fun after all.  Without someone to share it all with.  Without the illumination he’d come to expect from John.
“When did you know that you wanted to be a doctor?” Siger could not believe he’d never asked his father before.
is teaching you a skill.  Neither he, nor I expect you to use it to steal from shops, or people.  It’s very wrong to do that.  If you are hungry, with no money, there are places you can go that will help you."
Sherlock hoped that Siger’s verbal development would move along from the lisp because at this point he was finding it both adorable and deplorable.  Ever the devil’s advocate he asked, “If Siger is ‘Sweet’, and Rosalind is ‘Love’, then what is Miranda to be?”
In an obviously patient tone, John pointed out, “Siger’s assignment is to set up a garden.  He has the choice of doing it at home, or in the Community Gardens.  Something edible is to come out of this garden.  No poisons, or experiments with the food stuffs.  He doesn’t need fifty three varieties of garden soil.”
“Thanks, a lot!” he told her.  After saying goodnight to the children, he put on a tee shirt, a long sleeved shirt over that, and a bright red sweater over both, followed by his coat.  He had no long underwear - he’d never needed them, and had to settle for navy blue trousers, two pair of thick socks and his trainers.  Dropping the borrowed brown mittens in a borrowed brown woolen hat, he wrapped a black and white striped scarf that Mrs. Hudson had made for him.
What would John say?  After all of this time he could work his way through some of what his colleague pulled seemingly from thin air.  John was used to being a translator at times.  And having served as a surgeon in the army before being shot and sent home, John could actually give competent medical advice.  The short blond man retained his license to practice, and worked at the Homeless Shelter in his free time.  “Get that mole looked at, sir.  Your book is due in three weeks.”
He was almost asleep when something bounced off of his forehead.  Grumbling he opened his eyes to find Ross had made her way across the sitting room’s Persian carpet.  Rubbing his head, he found Lambkin resting on top of it.  “Thank you, Ross,” he told his sister, “You are a helpful sister.”
“Poor My,” Greg laughed, before saying consolingly, “I’ve sent you a box of caramels.  Don’t share them with anyone.  They don’t deserve it for deviling you!”
Alice Brown appeared at the door, boringly normal in a baby blue twin set and pearls.  “Sherlock,” she said in her hesitating fashion, her hand hanging on her Saint Jude medal, “Mr. Holmes is on the line.  He says that John has been taken.”
Except for some children.  They couldn't figure out what the common factor was.  They weren't from the same region, or town or family.  Until an intern, filing the scans, discovered that they were all from the same orphanage.  Same floor.  Same wing.  A long dormitory.  And the scientists flew to Romania and discovered that every night the janitor there on that wing would start with the first child, pick it up, hold it, and tell it that it was loved.  Put that child down, go to the next. and do the same.  All down the line.  When she had done that, she finished her cleaning work.   When the scientists found her, she was afraid she was going to be punished for doing that.
rosined up his violin and played the piece just for Siger, who danced and played air violin as he buzzed around the room.
Sherlock said thoughtfully, “I do not recall my first words, as it was not something that Mummy or Father ever discussed with me.  I am certain that your Uncle Mycroft will have the answers.  He has my permission to answer your questions.”
With three large pails, a trough, and the wooden chair, there was very little room for all of the people in the tiny yard, as Mrs. Hudson was now standing on the back step beaming, and Sherlock Holmes was examining the interior of the first pot.  “Yes, Siger,” he was saying, “We can use different types of earth for your experiment.  I know just the man to contact about that.  Rosalind, there are a number of plants that would accomplish changes in blood pressure.  And there are vegetable dyes that can be used, Miranda.”
“Daddy?” Ross signed before she put her little arms around John’s waist and held on tight as she could.
With so many rooms, and nearly seventeen acres of property, Mycroft thought it a ridiculous thing that he could not find a private spot to call Gregory in London.  The maids were cleaning the bedrooms. Sherlock and John and the children were rioting back and forth between the library and the second kitchen as they performed some arcane alchemical experimentation for the children’s schooling. Anthea was working on contingency plans with the security detail in the office. It was winter, and Mycroft really did not fancy legwork out of doors.
“At thirteen?  Yeah,” John admitted, “I did not aspire to higher at that point.  You feeling daunted?”
In a little under four months, they would be bringing home their own little bundle of joy.  The  understanding that the gifts they shared with Siger now, and with Ross and Miri, would be even greater when shared with the little girl, biological daughter of Greg, egg donated by a well-researched stranger, and carried by a surrogate - but their child completely - lifted Greg’s heart.
John Watson, wearing a familiar oatmeal coloured jumper, winked at his partner over his own cup of tea.  All was right with the world.  Sherlock would be over his flu bout soon enough.  But until then, he had John, and Siger, and the girls to take care of him.
John nodded, “Not like a magician’s wand.  But like in the books.  There’s a place online that has them, and they have a bricks and mortar shop in London.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “I don’t know who is in charge.  Not much point.  But I can tell you that they’ll spend money on their own class and put it into their own pockets before they put a drop into the pail for the commonweal.”
.  “Siger,” he turned and looked directly into Siger’s eyes, “This is an imaginary animal created by the author specifically for eating at Christmas.  There is no correlation to anything in the real world.”
Blithely disregarding the communicative brows, Sherlock moved on to shading the bone structure around them.  “You see?  I can make it look less strong here by putting a little bit of darkness.”
How exciting!  “The piece is alright?” Miranda asked with anxiety.  It was truly her favorite bit of jewelry, and she’d be disappointed if it got damaged.  “Oh, not Oliver?” that would also be disappointing.
Then, since he had indulged Miri, Mycroft bought Rosalind a large bow of her own choice.  She picked, of course, plaid.
He was still a little feverish, and so John had refused to allow him out of bed.  His huge, comfortable, Johnless bed.  Well, not so very comfortable.  The heat and shivers made the crisp cotton of the sheets uncomfortable, the duvet too heavy.  Of course, moments ago it had all been too cold.
“Siger observed.  That doesn’t always mean just using your eyes, John,” Sherlock said before sipping.  He sighed in satisfaction, then asked, “And the farmer, Mr. Gurdy, called back later about it?”
“Well, Siger, when your father feels better, and then he can help you to shop for me.  How would that be?”  Siger thought Pere sounded tired.  He nodded agreement, and wriggled until he was on his father’s legs, then settled into his lap.  Pere adjusted the laptop to sit on Siger’s legs.
One thing that John had heard from his patients, and that consistently from men and women, was that children were the ultimate form of birth control.  Well, the men tended to use a more colourful phrasing.    John had to admit that this aspect of parenting was true.
Doctor John Hamish Watson stood with his hands on Siger’s thin shoulders.  The doctor’s mouth was open - possibly in wonder, or astonishment, probably not in rage, as giggles were threatening to escape.  It might even be that his mouth was open to prevent the laughter from appearing outright.
Looking at the other page there was a photograph of the two boys in pajamas, and Redbeard in what looked like a nursery, playing with a large wooden pirate ship.  Mycroft was grinning at his little brother, who was brandishing a wooden sword.
The consulting detective did not know which had angered John more, the unauthorized use of his medical equipment, or the removal of Rosalind’s pigtails. Certainly he’d gone out and bought a new pair of shears.  As everyone knew, once a pair of scissors is used for cutting the wrong substance, they never again cut it quite so well.  That tainted pair was now in the sundries drawer, to be used for cutting twine and tape and odd bits of paper.
“Not yet,” the dark skinned operative said grimly, “but we will.  Don’t you worry.  How’s the little lady?”
“You will have to excuse me, Mr. Knott, but I need to get my family home.  May I get in touch with you to continue this interesting discussion?  Thank you!” and
“Ross is sleeping.  I think Daddy is too.  His eyes are closed, but I don’t think he is praying,” Siger told him.
“Well,” Bert tried to translate his thoughts clearly, “You put boots on your feet.  They have blades on the bottom.”
Now, where had his son gone?  Sherlock found him in the foyer, holding a number of letters, and shouting through the letter box to the postman.  “Thank you, Mr. Phillips.  We are sick.  Grammy Hudson has the flu.  Everyone has the flu.  Except for me and
“Yes, sweet?”  Imprisoning the twins in the trolley with the food was preferable to chasing after them to prevent investigation into items found under the shelving, or left behind by other shoppers.  Currently they were reading stories on their tablet, a gift from Uncle Mycroft, surrounded by boxes of cereal, loaves of bread, and cartons of fruit.
Sherlock sighed.  Then he said, slowly and heavily, “We have been invited to Mycroft’s for Christmas Lunch this year.”
Siger was delighted to be able to assist.  He knew that Daddy assisted a lot.  He brought the bright red plastic bin which
Siger continued, “It was for a case.  But Daddy said they would not tell me about it until I am older.  It is not on the Appropriate Scale for my age.”
Sherlock picked up the card that came with the music cd and read, “Dear Siger, I thought of you, and Miranda and Rosalind when I recorded this.  Please share it with the whole family.
“It’s always had some grey, John,” Sherlock commented matter-of-factly before saying with a smile, “It suits you.”
There was feedback, a good deal of it actually.  John did not pay all that much attention to the comments, except to check that they were not offensive, or in need of answering.  Still working locum in a surgery, very occasionally - as in he subbed when they were desperate.  With three children in the house, there was not a lot of time to spend on his blog lately.  Currently there was more than enough detective consultancy work to support their larger household, and to pay the expenses of the agency, as well as to put a bit back for the future.
“Sure.  Right.  Okay,” Bert found himself saying in a daze.  Lily really was someone special.  She was smart, and lovely, and a gymnast.  And right now he was picturing her in one of those skin tight, tiny skirts one saw during the Winter Olympics.
“You’ll love it, Bert!  Really, it’s like flying!” Lily smiled brightly.  Then came the list, “Don’t forget to wear warm clothes.  Layering is better than anything else.  Wear at least two pairs of socks, one over the other.  Wool if you have them. Have you got mittens?  They’re best.  And a wool hat.  And the warmest coat you have.”
Mycroft nodded.  Then he pointed out, “There are quite a few ways of tying them, Siger.  Do you want the most often used?”
Mother had a strong nose.  One of Mother’s old military friends had visited, and had joked with her about James avoiding that eagle like beak.  Mother had smiled, but it was not her amused smile.  James’ nose was straight, and like a triangle in the middle of his face.  It didn’t have a curve, or a bump that Father said was from having a broken nose.  Father had been drinking when he said that, and so James had not asked Mother about it.
An elegant eyebrow lifted.  Obvious that.  Encouraging Greg to continue.  “This is your time to spend with the children.  It’s an opportunity for them to see a side of you that they might know is there - certainly Siger will - but have not really had the chance to interact with.  It’s a good thing.  Go.  Have fun.”
Nodding at her brother, Harry snuggles against the baby on her shoulder.  Their conversation went on, quietly, until the two girls had fallen asleep, and were safely ensconced in the Pack and Play.  They left the room darkened and quiet to join the rest of the family.
That brought laughter.  Even from John.  But no explanation from the other beyond several winks.  John snickered and told him “Wait and see.”  Infuriating.
I have a friend who has a pet peeve about this being a shorter day.  Because the "day" itself is still 24 hours give or take, and is not longer or shorter, even if we have more or less daylight or darkness.
“No. I think he would be shorter than you are,” she said decidedly.  “He’s wearing a sweatshirt, and he’s got the hoodie pulled up over his hair.  It’s not *that* cold.  He’s very sloppy.”
The smell coming from the kitchen, bleach cleaner and soup on the stove, was an awful mixture.  Siger was so very tired of chicken soup, as that’s what they’d been making since Daddy got sick.    At least whatever Daddy was making was not chicken soup.  Siger wished he could be helping in the kitchen.
John Watson stuck his head in the door from the kitchen, to involve himself in the conversation.  “Anyone playing Arsenal,” before he disappeared back to continue setting up the vital supplies required for an afternoon of watching football on telly.
“Yes,” John encouraged, “Ross would be a good nickname, a short name, for Rosalind.  But what,” and the man stopped.  He was at a loss on how to convey the concept of an endearment.
At one time he’d had them stored in order of importance.  Most often revisited was John Watson in the small room at the top of the stairs, waiting for Sherlock to climb those steps to where he was waiting, wearing a blue cotton tee-shirt - that had been washed approximately 47 times by the amount of fade - and black cotton boxer shorts.  The first of many important kisses.
“I think the safe is waterproof, isn’t it?  The fire never got into the rest of the house, so it’s mostly water damage from the firefighters.  Speedys?  Well, Mr. Chatterjee’s insurance will have to cover that.  Um.  I don’t know if the shop has that kind of coverage.
Being public figures (Hatman and Robin -- how John loathed that nickname in the press) meant that they received unsolicited items for themselves and for the children.  They had fans, who sent them things.  There were also corporations hoping to garner a celebrity recommendation that sent them boxes of goods.
Siger clipped the bag from his father’s slackening fingers.  “What is the white bits of grit in there?”
“What do you like to write?” he asked, his eyes flicking over her head to see how her family were taking this discussion.
In all fairness, Siger did choose books specifically for Rosalind and Miranda each night.  Usually.  Ordinarily.
In their bedroom, each piece laid out out on the sage green duvet, was a complete outfit, trousers, a soft pastel shirt with feminine tailoring, a likewise tailored blazer, trouser socks, and sensible black flats.  In John’s shoe size.  It was with a heavy sigh that John started to carefully pull his jumper over his head without touching his face.
The sudden silence, of violin ‘music’ at least, was followed by, “You are not a policeman, John.  It is ridiculous that you would  think that is in any way, shape, or form amusing.”  Sherlock Holmes did not continue playing his violin.  Turning to two small figures seated on the couch, glaring at their father mutinously, he spoke, “Tell your father what you did today in school, Rosalind and Miranda.
Footsteps on grit.  The Big Bastard was coming back.  Whipping his hands back ‘round his body, and rolling to appear still compromised, the sticky tape crumpled in his fist, John began to shout “Help!  Let me out of here!”
John Watson was scrubbing the bathtub, surrounded by the nose searing smell of chlorine bleach.  “Hey, Dad,” Siger notified his father of his presence.  The household knew better than to surprise John Watson.
Bert was busy chatting up the Elf, who wore a short green holly leaf skirt, candy cane-striped stockings, and a tight little jacket of red felt patterned with snowflakes.  She was wearing small jade earrings that didn’t go with the costume at all, and within a few moments he had gotten her to admit to being a Buddhist.  She was studying Philosophy,  but had taken the elf job for some quick cash.
“And,” John responded, “Does Uncle Mycroft know that we’re going to be taking over his house while he’s away?”
The first man broke in with, “You may want to have a dermatologist check out that mole.”  He then gave a “tsk” and a sigh, and said to the air, “so few keep on top of those things until it’s too late.”
“Got you,” crooned John Watson to his little girl, Miranda, as she leaned her blonde head against his coat and hiccupped.
When Siger started school, he told his fathers that he was too old for a baby monitor.  Pere flipped open Siger’s tablet.  “What method of communication device would you prefer?”
, was immured in bed, flu-ridden, and alone.  There was banging - Rosalind waling away with her bottle against the hard plastic of the tray on her high-chair.
Until two years later, when his mad, dead partner came back to life in the most irritating way possible; with a horribly fake French accent and a penciled in mustache.  It was to be expected, though, wasn’t it?  That Sherlock would come back from the dead to wreck another of John’s dates?
The conversation at the table ranged from music to children’s, literature.  Greg’s punk background, and Mycroft’s classical one, encouraged eclecticism.  Siger was excited about beginning violin lessons after the holidays. He asked questions about their musical instruments - though Greg said, “Punk doesn’t mean actually playing instruments, you know.”
Siger pointed up, toward the top of the book shelf.  Sherlock, had taken in that there were new cards  upon his entrance into the room, but had not paid much attention beyond that.  He now stood and went to examine the trio of identical cards.  Without commenting, he returned to Siger.  “Show me,” he said to his son, “What you are making.”
The skinny preschooler -- Siger was in the midst of a growth spurt -- ran out of the hall, tripping and catching himself on the length of cloth blocking the hallway.  “Okay, Daddy,” he said, gathering up the end of the cloth, looking backward, and pulling to make sure it was no longer caught in the doorway.
said, drawing it out, “If he ate all of the sweets, then he would be become the size of a house. Two houses.  Bigger than he already is.”
“Breathe, Jeanette,” the shorter, blond man, kitted out in surgical scrubs, told her, “You’re doing just fine.”
Over the past two years  - once Siger began to actively notice that Sherlock was not eating while on a case - the consulting detective began to take in the most modest possible amount as a positive example for his son.  In the course of those two years he had gotten acclimatized to eating.  Or, say rather, that his transport had.
“John?” Came the baritone form the stop of the steps. “I trust you.” Then the click of the door shutting behind him. John could hear him tending to Miranda over the monitor.
“I don’t know whether I should marvel at the smoothness with which this is occurring, or be terrified,” John commented.
As he passed out of the bedroom, he surveyed the sitting area with regret.  The books were in sad shape.  Carefully he picked up John’s Mother’s E. Nesbit book and wrapped it in a somewhat dry towel before shoving it into the suitcase.  Sentiment drove him to gather up Harry Watson’s offense of an afghan, knowing the children would mourn the loss.
It was while he was heading home on the tube that he started thinking about falling.  Onto ice.  Ice was hard.  And cold.  People broke their arms and legs, and cracked their noggins on ice every year.  He remembered his time spent working the A&E.
I will be taking a Christmas break from this, while posting a Baker Street Advent Calendar for 2016.  Back with this after Christmas.
Chattering adults - Greg and his sister, Emma and Daniel’s parents, and an older family friend who was the cousins’ caretaker during the week, followed along, shifting infants from person to person, amid exclamations over the Christmas dresses, and John’s traditional ugly Christmas sweater.  Canapes and drinks were served by hired staff.  Sherlock whispered to John, pointing out their secrets.
While Mrs. Hudson did not know precisely which case Siger was referring to, she strongly suspected it was the cannibalism one, and so did not make any comments on it.  She was a strong advocate for the Appropriate Scale, though she would have called it the “Sherlock, it’s not decent” scale.
Miranda, usually the follower, appeared dragging a trough made of some type of dark, marbled plastic.  The floral printed dress she’d insisted on wearing that morning was no longer neat looking, and had picked up an unidentifiable stain near the hem.  “Daddy!  Look!” she grinned as she hauled her prize along after her big brother.
The two adults and three children jumped when the driver slammed the boot.  Will startled, then went back to snoring softly.
“That’s alright, Siger, sweet,” John took the mashed and drool soaked card and placed it up on the shelf with other cards they had received.
Winnipeg Richardson International Airport. It had a longer name, of course. John thought he’d take a page from Sherlock’s book and not worry about that.  His young friend and her family had hurried off - John assumed they were being met.  The airport was extremely beige.  Not in a horrific way, but it didn’t encourage John to remember much of it.
“Everyone should have a rainbow,” said little Joy. Then with the impressive certaintly of her red-hairedfather, “Everyone.”
His mobile alerted him to a returning text. “You speak as though the milk would be a more important hostage. I assure you that it is not. SH”
“Daddy doesn’t want me to leave the couch,” Siger said sadly.  Then he added, “I don’t like the flu.”
“It’s just,” Sherlock Holmes reached for notebooks he kept on top of the fridge, “John, look at these notes.”  The pages were spread open.  “Miranda and Rosalind are all over the map as far as benchmarks are concerned.  Not at the steadily increasing rate that Siger grew.  I’ve noticed it, and been meaning to speak to you about it.  At least Miranda is moving, even if she’s crawling about like an inchworm.  I was expecting them to be crawling backward, as Siger did at this point.  Miranda is making sounds a little more quickly than Siger had done.  Rosalind isn’t even moving, except to roll about.  And she’s not making any of the pre-verbal sounds that Miranda is.  She refuses to sign.”
Which is how Mycroft Holmes received a call that afternoon, and ended up at 221B Baker Street building a gingerbread house with Siger under the somewhat less sarcastic oversight of his little brother Sherlock.  Greg Lestrade and John Watson, as well as Miranda and Rosalind, spent the afternoon barricaded by baby gates from the kitchen.  The gingerbread cottages turned out a little bit lopsided, with the icing dripping down the eaves.  They made six of them.  The boiled sweet roofs, by the time they had finished paving them with swirling red and white peppermint candies, were not appealing to any of the bakers (although Sherlock had eaten his share before Siger caught him at it).
“He didn’t even need you, Sherlock.  Took a look at the bag of goose shit and told the old man whom to talk to about his missing geese,” John told his husband as he set a mug of hot tea on the coffee table.
John did have to admit that the children were entranced.  He did have nice, respectful children.  They weren’t mocking him for his makeover.  And if this is what it took to get them to understand that there were uses for makeup, but that mess that Evangelina had made was not one of them, then all to the good.
Still no question, no comment. Sherlock sank into his chair, leaning back, he crossed his legs, steepled long fingers before his face and stared at John, who was holding his laptop like a shield in front of him. The silence became deafening.
“Well, it’s not like we meant to lie,” Ross started.  She didn’t get further than that before her tall, detective father was standing before her pointing a long accusatory finger down at her with a face like a thundercloud.
“Well, here’s to coming up with something for the kids that won’t make John explode with rage, and Sherlock faint like a Victorian heroine!” Greg lifted his lager, and Mycroft tapped his wine glass gently.
Having worked his way through the ham sandwich, the crisps, and his milk, Siger now turned his attention to the small pile of carrot sticks.  He enjoyed the sound, and made the most of it, so asking questions was frowned upon during the carrot intake.
John had invited Greg Lestrade over to watch the match.  That meant that Sherlock had to leave.  Sherlock leaving was part of the arrangement, as he was not keen on football, and tended to make unkind remarks during the game that were distracting, as well as pissing the two fans off.
John pulled the red wig from his head.  “Sherlock, the counter clerk was flirting with me.  He asked me out for coffee.”
Miranda would not have minded that one so much but for her habit of stepping on Miranda’s gear, or stepping back all wobbly, so that Miranda thought she might receive the brunt of the woman’s clumsy fall.  Today there was a trip over Miranda’s duffle, though the girl had deliberately shoved it under the camp stool so as to be out of the way.  Heaven forbid if the woman fell and injured herself, then took Miranda to court for negligence.  Though not, as many might think, because she was afraid for herself.  Miranda’s family had a tendency to be over protective.
“You’ve just had the flu, Sherlock.  And it looks like you’re not totally over it,” his doctor said, brushing the curls from a pale forehead.
Inaccurate.  Untruthful.  Mummy’s hair had been so lovely.  Not soft like John’s, but heavy and black and hanging like a handful of shining silk.  Sherlock had been permitted to watch Mummy’s maid brushing and plaiting her hair before an event.  His hands had itched to be able to hold the brush sliding down the dark waterfall, to hold and twist and braid it.
Mycroft nodded.  “I can’t take him away from his work.  It would look suspicious at this point in time.  And later, it will not be possible.”
“Right you are, son.  I brought some of it with,” and the farmer pulled a somewhat muddy plastic bag from his pocket.
By the time that grey ribbed tights, grey patent leather t-strap shoes, and complementary headband and bows had been selected, Miranda was out of her chair and crawling about on the floor.  Mycroft had forgotten the bag of toys in the back of the car.  They did manage to get her to try on the grey shoes eventually.
Siger, Ross, and Miri was supremely offended at not knowing something important enough to be mentioned by the Queen.. John made certain that the family always watched the Queen’s Messages at Christmastime. The April 5th message was no different.  Will and Joy did not care as much. They shared their Uncle Sherlock’s opinion that what the people in suits in London did wasn’t important, unless Daddy had done it. Though they did like Queen. And her dogs.  And maybe the great grandchildren. The outrage got worse.
He selected two for his niece to choose from.  A deep purple, and a dark, no, more dusty rose, both in velvet, fully lined.  Indicating a need to escape from the “Hello Kitty” in favor of the items he had selected, Lucy had deftly distracted Miranda with a chance to sit in a child sized chair near the mirror.
That was a funny thought.  How would Daddy put the ideas in his head.  Would he drip them in Siger’s ear, like when he put medicine in there?  He would need to ask.  For now, he followed his father into the undergrowth.
A bite of a Corker’s sea salt and black pepper crisp was enjoyed, and then she took a sip of her white wine.  “What do you have for me today, Siger?” she asked, as this was her weekly luncheon date with her adoptive grandson.  He always shared a fact with her at lunch.  Usually other times as well, but definitely when they had their little tradition.
John cornered his spouse in the bedroom.  Well, actually, he flopped over on the just waking consulting detective, his shorter, compact body, on top of his lover’s tall, spare one.  One leery eye glared at the doctor from just above the covers.  “Well?” Sherlock did not sound excited to be woken by his partner, in spite of the positioning.
“When biscuits brown, it is caused by the Maillard reaction.  The amino acids and sugars in food react to the catalyst of heat and turn the food brown. And make it taste good.
“James M. Moran.” The name echoed against the tiles of the loo.  He’d escaped here during creative play time. The boy much preferred Sustained Silent Reading.  Or he had until Siger and Prossie and he had become friends.  Creative play was supposed to be “socializing”.  The teacher had told Mother and Father that when he’d started here at the beginning of the term.  Mother had said, “James is here to study, and prepare himself for college.  Not to “make friends”. Not to play dress up, or with plastic dinosaurs.”  Teacher had not argued.  Few people argued with Mother.  Mother felt that "friends" were like "Christmas".  Unnecessary.
Though he could not see Rosalind, Sherlock inferred that she was signing to John.  The blond-haired man replied, “Yes, I liked the train as well.  Yes, as I explained, Santa Claus is the same as
Only one shelf was completely filled: dark wood, polished and holding nursery rhymes.  That shelf started from the left, with older volumes that he remembered his mother’s cool, quiet voice sharing while he and Mycroft curled up together on the sofa in the salon, or in bed at night.  Those took up about half of the shelf.
guesses, just keep mum, okay?  Because it’s an ongoing investigation, and we’re working to catch accomplices.  But they caught one of the guards with the real crown.  He swapped it after the expert came to re-authenticate the crown in the case.”
Sometimes the guns they practiced with were made to be quieter.  Long guns, which Mother really liked, and handguns.  Mother had the range master show James how he built the cartridges specially to make less noise.  Mother and he had made sure James understood about the loss of power, and the change in accuracy for each different type of cartridge and bullet.
“Ross, love, are you alright? Did they hurt you?” John asked, breathing heavily as he peered through the twilight darkness of the van’s cargo hold.  He could just make out the nod of her small head, as he bundled her up into his arms.  “Let’s let your
This was not what he had thought his long term life was going to be like.  Not at all.  It wasn’t even what he’d thought life with a wife would be.  Not that living with a man in a spouse’s role was what he’d expected either.  Some things, though, were exactly as expected.  John had just assumed that neither he nor Sherlock would be romantic.   That was a thing that one did for women.  Wasn’t it?
“And I’ll tell you, though you can’t share it as yet with anyone else,” Gregory Lestrade told her with a smile, “If your
The wooden bedroom door creaked open and a serious little sprite appeared, moving slowly, and carrying a plate topped by a slightly sloshing bowl that steamed and gave off a savoury aroma.  Sherlock’s stomach growled.
Siger knew that those sounds could be heard downstairs on the monitors in the sitting room and his parents’ bedroom.  If he started to sing, even quietly, someone would come upstairs to check on him.  Siger sometimes knew they were standing out on the landing listening at the nursery door.  Right now he could hear sounds rising up the steps from the sitting room.
“No,” John Watson said firmly.  “Siger will learn when he gets older, if he has mind to.  He’s not to be experimented on for that.”
Sherlock communicated with only his eyebrows the obvious.  He had been right.  John chose to ignore that in the enormity of what Mycroft was telling him.  “You think this is going to get well out of hand, don’t you?”
would be on the couch.  So they would not all get sick with what Daddy and Ross had.  Ross had been crying when they got home, and Siger could hear her downstairs fussing.
Sleep.  Sherlock had entertained dreams while he was away..  Not nightmares of the horrific things he’d seen and done.  Those came too, but these were dreams of living without John Watson by his side.  Of never hearing John tell him he’d been brilliant, or extraordinary.   Dreams of wandering about the Baker Street flat, empty of tea and jumpers and John’s laptop.  Even more importantly, devoid of John Watson.
John smiled, “No. I’m mostly a doctor.  And not a very exciting doctor either.  Sometimes I’m a writer too.”
Below them John caught glimpses of panda cars trailing them.  He didn’t know any of the police officers in this jurisdiction, not beyond their names and ranks.  It would be a treat if they didn’t arrest him and his madman for endangering the public welfare after all of this.
The detective sergeant rolled the doctor to pull out the documents, examined them, then took the time to go back to his mobile  before nodding to the constable to release their captive from his bonds.  “Apologies, sir,” that worthy said as he cut the zip ties and helped John to his feet.  “We’ve had some minor thefts, and a peeping tom in the neighborhood. Seeing the hands, well, it’s not something we’re used to around here.”
“Some day,” Sherlock answered him, “You will allow me to dress you.  Then we will go out to a very different type of dance club.”
No, manipulation had been Dear Jim’s thing.  Seb Moran knew enough, though to set her own little bomb onto the road to finishing the final task Dear Jim had set for her.
“Miranda,” Mycroft sat in the adult version and leaned down to show the toddler the dresses, “Please look at these dresses.”
“Hold on, love,” John tried to remember where his chip was.  It was hard to figure it out with his head aching like this.  Shoe.  It was in the heel of his shoe.  He jammed the heel against the floor, banging and shouting, “Let us out of here!”
laughing and speaking as they removed outerwear.  Their footsteps tramping up the steps were a little heavy.  They must be tired.  Siger bust from his hive and ran to his Daddy, who caught him up and threw him into the air.  “How’s my boy?” his Daddy asked.
The silence, and then John’s stormy expression caused the wheels to turn under Sherlock’s ebony coloured locks.  “Thank you for picking them up,” his distinctive voice was careful as he said, “Though I am not surprised that the local law enforcement would make such a ridiculous error, I am sorry you ended up cuffed in the dirt, John.”
Sherlock Holmes gave him a nod of agreement just as a sleepy wail floated down the stairs and echoed through the monitor. Standing, and without a backward glance at John, he ascended the stairs quietly. John watched him exit the sitting room, and said nothing.
“I do!  For Siger Holmes!  But I have a question about the household.  Do you know a Miss Miranda Watson?  Or a Miss Rosalind Watson?  Because I have mail for them, and I didn’t recognize those names,” the postman asked seriously.
“Well, it was in the first box I stumbled over when I left bed this morning.”  His husband raised an eyebrow before taking a long and apparently satisfying sip of English Breakfast.
By the next day Alice Brown had called off sick.  Mrs. Hudson was in bed with a hot toddy and her soaps.  Bert was helping with Siger, while washing his hands obsessively.  That didn’t help much, as the next day Bert was down with the bug.  The medical student holed up in his room with a kettle, his video games, and a plastic bin lined with a Tescos’ bag.  His last act before informing Sherlock of his self-imposed isolation was to put a sign on the door.  “Closed ‘til further notice”.
“No.  No, I’ll be making certain that you and the kids are safe.  But I can’t see this administration spending to ensure the safety of the common man.  Can you?” John closed the laptop and looked up into his husband’s face.
, who almost never went to church.  Mrs. Hudson went too.  She came to church with them sometimes, but she prefered Saint Mary’s because she had a hip.  Siger had helped her up the stairs at Saint Cyprian’s.
“Unknown at this time.”  How tedious, Mycroft was repeating the obvious.  “Have you irritated anyone lately, Sherlock?”  An odd question.  Sherlock, and therefore Mycroft as well, had come to accept that he’d irritated *someone* at almost any point in time.
“Siger will understand the complexities of human behavior more when he is older. Then he and I can dissect the motivations of the characters.  You will translate those into a real life experience to make it more understandable for me.  Siger will surprise both of us with his understanding.  Appropriate for Christmas, don’t you think?”
Sherlock was stretched out on Siger’s bed, long legs folded down over the end of it, his stockinged feet at rest on the wooden floor below.  When “Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good night” was read, Siger commented consideringly, “Daddy, may I get reindeer for Miri Cat and Ross Love?”
“You missed all of the excitement,” called John.  Mrs. Hudson stirred, and made the effort to sit up slowly.
“What’s this?” Daddy asked, when Siger insisted on messily spreading pink sparkling crabaple jelly from a jar onto Daddy’s toast.
John Watson hummed rather than comment.  “Alright Siger, time for your hat.”  He pressed the royal blue, woolen knit cap down over the red curls, and then, pulling on his own gloves and hat, he and Siger made their way down the wooden steps to where Sherlock waited with Rosalind and Miranda, bundled in the perambulator in a myriad of colours.
Sherlock went on, “Hair was shaved and scattered in the community gardens as ‘rabbit deterrent’, and the bones were thrown into the Thames.”
by Kenneth Grahame.  John’s favorite chapters, including “Dulce Domum” -- the Christmas chapter without including actual religion -- were bookmarked.  Sherlock had quietly read the entirety of the book when John was not looking.
Siger and Ross she dismissed out of hand.  These policemen and women would take them no more seriously than they were taking her statement.  Possibly they’d be arrested as well, as conspirators.  As much as she respected the Yard, primarily for Uncle Greg’s sake, she had spent years hearing about their shortcomings from
None of the men looked like they had any fight in them.  One was that Inspector from New Scotland Yard.  Police were tricky, but not impossible.
Siger took an angel.  Bert selected a camel.  Biting the head off, he savoured the combination of flour, sugar, vanilla, and the walnut taste of the camel’s eye.  Siger was already surveying the sheet of camels and angels and donkeys as Mrs. Hudson lifted each biscuit off onto the cooling rack to finish “resting” as she put it.  “No more for now,” she told Siger, waving a finger.  “There will be plenty for after your supper.”
John jumped when Siger asked, from his seat on the wooden step in the hall, “Is it for a case?  Are we trying not to be kidnapped?”
“Or from the woman,” Miranda put in, surrounded in her small bed by a horde of plush animals.  She knew the difference between ‘woman’ and ‘lady’.  Her parents were particular about definitions. “She just used all the old words that we’ve already heard from Daddy.”
Caught unaware, Sherlock’s snicker was forcibly changed to a cough.  It fooled no one, as Siger’s admonitory “Père, I am serious!” revealed.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, his fingers had ceased to type.  “What words describe what we should get your sister, Miranda, Siger?”
, written and illustrated by Brian Wildsmith.  Even at a year she would trace the intricate pictures with a small finger, and whisper softly to herself.  Ross liked Kipper, and Spot, and any other bright coloured, boldly illustrated book.  She did not much like books that had the little details that Siger loved so much.
They stared at one another for a moment.  Then with a nod, Sherlock turned back to care for his family.
“I have been monitoring the intensity of the smell, and whether or not human meat would be obvious or even noticeable to those around the murderous chef,” Sherlock told him, “Though I had not expected quite the reaction from you.  I should have, I suppose, as you are very driven by your appetites.”
“Of  course I did.  Treasure Island for one.  Whom do you think read it to Sherlock for the first time?”
“No one knows what color they were,” Emma told him gravely, “But they will soon. They’ve got DNA from some mummies!”
Shooting was so easy that James didn’t need to think about the mathematics to predict where a target was going to go.  Mother had the range master move the targets now, instead of the computer. She’d been startled when James explained the movement rates to her.   James decided not to disappoint her, because he had figured out the range master’s patterns too.  Sometimes James missed on purpose.  It was just easier that way.
Then Sherlock Holmes was looking down at the bright red curls of his offspring, who was building a rainbow coloured structure with MagnaTiles.
Stretching her arms toward the blank whiteness of the ceiling, Miranda shook her long, honey blonde plait over her shoulder and bent to crack the stiffness in her back before gathering up supplies for stowing into the duffle, an army green canvas bag that her Dad had supplied.  “Keep your art supplies neat with this,” he’d told her when the bag appeared so many Christmases ago.
It was natural that he should comfort Mrs. Hudson.  It was expected that Baker Street would lose appeal, much as it was his home.  Not such a surprise that he would put a good solid clip across Mycroft Holmes’s chin either, was it?
“About time, Lestrade,” grumbled the tall, pacing consultant.  Repetition again.  Not necessarily a bad thing.  John was noticing it right now, for some reason.  Perhaps it was the exhaustion.
paged through, looking for a specific picture.  Opening the album flat on the table he allowed Siger to examine the two photographs, one on each of the two pages.  The colours had faded on both of the photographs, but there was still enough to see the vivid red hair of the man standing beside his dark-haired wife in the first picture, their two boys in matching navy blue suits standing in front, and a bright, happy looking Irish setter lying at their feet.
John laughed, “I was there as a mere infant.  Dad used to wrap me up and take me along to the local games.  Maybe it is time to get him started.  Siger, would you like to go to a football game with Uncle Greg?”
A quick look from beneath red haired brows, and a tiny hand was held out and receive an absently handled mobile.  Siger tapped the app, placed the mobile phone on the floor, and went back to his own construction.
Martha Hudson, torn between hysterical laughter and weeping, gave a hacking cough into the pine tree ornamental dish cloth that her sister had sent from Norway.  She held it in her white, flour dusted hand.  Newly trimmed, and frosted only the day before, her hair was adrift with unbleached white as well.
John did not like to think of about Sherlock’s death.  Focus.  Obsess.  Dr. John Watson was not stupid, and he knew it.
The whump woke Siger.  His bed was soft beneath him, warm - so he must have been sleeping for some time.  At first he thought he must have dreamed the sound or feeling; he was not sure which.  Silence rang - aside from the soft snuffling of his sisters in their cots, and Will in the crib.  The silence was rendered inert by cries from outside in the street, then Siger realized that car alarms had been blaring all that time.  How had he not heard them?
to the Holmes family - loved to do was watch Mrs. Hudson and Siger bake.  He loved it because he did not have to help.  He didn’t have to measure, or stir, or clean up.  He just had to be there, an invited viewer.  He did also get to taste, which was an excellent part of this.
Therefore he was sitting on a dusty, elderly cane-bottomed chair in the echoing stone walled wine-cellar, between the racks of reds. He still had signal, as such was the privilege of a man of his minor government officialdom. “Gregory!  How are you doing?” he spoke softly into the handset.
Mrs. Hudson nodded.  The Appropriate Scale was a measurement that Dr. John Watson had suggested for whatever Sherlock was studying that might have a negative effect on the children.  This included, apparently, blood spatter patterns.
After a moment’s thought, and no quick response from John, he looked over at his friend with suspicion lighting his face.  “There is no way that the kids gave that to you. Not without help.  Though I wouldn’t call it help.  Even I wouldn’t do that to you.”
John crossed his eyes, making the children laugh, and then said, “All right, sugar pie, no more itching,” which made the children laugh even more, and Sherlock's face crumple in mock disgust at the endearment.
Greg laughed, “You’re going for the whole look, aren’t you, Siger?  Let’s get the kid a tie, Mycroft.  Lord knows that Sherlock’s going to kill us for the vest already.”
“That one we will bury in Mycroft’s flower bed.  I want to monitor the decay rate,” Sherlock said off-handedly.
“Tell you what,” Daddy offered, “We’ll set you up in here with my laptop, and you can watch a film.”
“She does,” Siger agreed, having experienced Ross’s fingers in his own hair.  “She is not trying to hurt you.  So we forgive her, because she is a baby.”
“You can’t lie to me, John.  You knew what I was proposing from the moment you saw the chair,” the makeup artiste said severely.
Daddy was waiting on the stoop for them, and after bringing the pram inside, he helped carry Miri upstairs, while
The coloured fairy lights blinked at them as the pair tidied the boxes and wrappings away.  Presents and stockings were put out, and a fire laid in the hearth for the morning.  John fetched cut-out Christmas cookies from the kitchen, while Sherlock poured them each a measure of brandy, and they settled onto the couch to view their masterpiece.
John Watson, hauling the ladder from its place in Mrs. Hudson’s storage closet,  growled, “I swear, Sherlock, that next year you will be doing this by yourself.  I can always go upstairs and relieve Bert of baby duty.”
He paused for a moment, then went on, “Currently you, Miranda, and you, Rosalind, have precisely the faces you need, so far as personalities are concerned.  You don’t need makeup to be Rosalind and Miranda.  Nor does Siger for that matter, need anything else to make him be Siger.”
Now he had the flu.  Flu was a condition where the body rebelled against food.  Sherlock, who was the last of the household sufferers - for even Alice Brown had called off sick for the most part of the week - and had handled all manner of bodily fluids for the time the flu had taken to travel through his family.  Now the viral infection had laid him low.  His stomach, still lurching slightly unsteadily, hypocritically growled displeasure at the hollowness inside.
She brightened, “I’m writing a murder mystery, and that’s one of the red herrings! It’s going to be a mystery about transported dinosaur bones, and someone gets killed when they discover their secret!”
Bert was just invited.  And so he came and kept the pair company, and ate companionably ate the biscuits or other treats that were offered.
Tonight Mycroft was dressed extremely “down” in a dark green polo shirt and casual trousers.  He rested on a tall, cloth padded kitchen stool twirling the stem of a wine glass, watching the golden swirl of an inexpensive but flavorful vintage from the stock of a close, German acquaintance.
One boy was small, and thin, and had his dark hair slicked back on his head.  He looked mutinously at the photographer.  The other boy was taller, older, with red hair, and a very much plumper build, and his smile for the camera was shy.  His roundness did not look at all like Uncle Mycroft, whom Siger tended to think - with his pointy nose and all - resembled the stick insect from the London Zoo.
The thing is, Sherlock Holmes had taught John that he was a reflector of light.  He illuminated bits and pieces of information to show the way for his genius friend.  That light guttered after the fall, but it was not at its lowest.  If nothing else, John Watson’s friendship with Holmes had given John his own new way of looking at himself.  John no longer thought of that exit, the barrel of his gun and no more pain after the brief agonizing blast of the muzzle putting a bullet through his brain.
“Yeah, I think that gives him something to look forward to. And it’s not like we’re keeping him from making music before that. Obviously. He sings - makes up little songs - in his bed at night, and in the morning before the rest of us get up. So long as he doesn’t wake up the girls, we told him it was fine.” John gave his brother-in-law full attention, “What is it that you need, Mycroft?”
John interrupted with, “The larynx is his voice box.  Men have ‘adams apples’, and women do not have visible ones.  Siger’s voice will be deeper as well.”
Rosalind’s sigh was a soft, gurgling, unhappy sound, and she slipped over sideways until she leaned against her sister, head on Miri’s shoulder.  “I am sorry, father, for lying.”  It was an awful position for it, but she signed her words as well.
John Watson was regretting that he’d no hidden weaponry.  Not just like James Bond, a knife in his belt, or a machine gun in his shoe.  He’d have felt more comfortable with his gun in his hand.  Mrs. Hudson, carefully rolled behind him into the far back of the boot, was still unconscious, but breathing strongly, now that he’d removed the tape from her mouth.  There were no signs of hemorrhage that John could detect.  Still, she'd have one hell of a headache when she did wake up. With the vehicle slowing down, the former soldier, danger addict, frightened man, was crouched into the boot - there was only just enough space - and waiting.
Mycroft realized that Emma was standing in front of him holding up drawings in a fan – all variety of primordial beasts in every color of the rainbow.  “Emma, I had no idea that dinosaurs came in so many hues!”
After tea they moved everyone into the sitting room on fresh duvets to listen to Flute’s cd  before watching Christmas dvds.  Miri fell asleep almost immediately, but Ross and Siger’s Daddy paid attention, and didn’t drift off until almost the end.
John had to shout to be heard by the balloon’s operator, a stick thin man with his hand on the blower.  “Will we catch up to him?”
“Hey,” he said when his spouse answered the Skype call, “It’s too neat here. I don’t know how i’ll stand it.”
John looked up to smile at Ross standing in the doorway.  She was wearing Siger’s old bee PJs.  “Climbed out of bed again, Ross Love?”
"You love me, and won't let me eat too many sweets," Siger said, "Because they will make my body sick."
Emerald green, scarlet, royal blue, gem tones were big at this time of year.  There were black velvet skirt sets.  Plaids.  No, there would be no plaids.  The quality of the fabric was good.  Mycroft enjoyed the feeling of the silks and brocades, the plush catch of the velvet against his fingertips.
John sighed.  “All the time.  Still.  If not for my crazy man, none of this would have happened.  He’s worth it, Harry.  He and the kids.”
stowed under his arm, John followed Sherlock down the stairs to the sitting room.  The rejected book was stored on the top shelf, out of the way.
Miranda had seen women return time and again to see the piece.  It was not difficult to tell why they were in the room, let alone the museum.  After slowly grazing past the other pieces in the exhibit, those expensively high-heeled legs would swerve over to the glass topped pillar, and remain.  Not that Miranda had any disdain for the spike heels.  She’d learned their place, in disguise, in combat.  They were also hobbling, and so she rarely, if ever, wore them.
Mycroft Holmes held the boys tie up to his chin and gave his partner a questioning look.  “What do you think?”
“Bit yappy,” said the other, much thinner man next to him, giving his partner a clap on the blue-plaid flanneled shoulder.
John woke to hear murmuring, Siger’s sweet, high, clear voice, Miri’s burbling attempts at copying her brother’s speech patterns, and Ross’s distinctive hum.  Someday the monitor would no longer be necessary.  He would miss it.  The doctor shifted, but could not move much.  His husband, the giant consulting octopus, was constricting him, and an additional layer of fine cotton sheeting swaddled about them both, reminding him of a distorted movie mummy.
“Yes,” was the response, simple enough, but Greg was not certain how to read the expression on Mycroft’s face.
“We’re getting into Mycroft’s no doubt highly secured flower bed how?” Johns question was both pointed and sarcastic.
Mycroft Holmes did not often “lie in”.  This morning he had been on the mobile with Anthea before anyone else in this benighted and turbulent pile of stone was awake.  Gregory, by now used to his partner typing in bed, stirred, patted Mycroft’s leg through the covers, and then turned over and went back to sleep.  Time enough when he was truly awake to let him know the events of the early morning, and that Guillame was safe. And Siger, Miranda, Rosalind, Sherlock and John, of course.
“Ross and Miri,” Siger said muffled before raising his head.  “They came home from school wearing makeup.”
“My husband can always guess too. Sometimes he can tell from the first page of the book.  Remind me to give you my card at the end of the flight, and you can let me know when your books are published,” John told her. “I’m not going to ask your name, because it’s really not good to share that with strangers.”
“Well, I do love you, you know.  That’s part and parcel of it all,” John told him before delivering a kiss to the top of his brilliant, but unconventional head.
After a general chorus of “lights!” and “colors in the sky when it’s raining”, he said, “Why don’t we examine that topic for our lesson this afternoon?”
?” just as Mrs. Hudson opened the door, saying, “Sherlock, dear, I think your brother wants you to call him.”
Miri waved a butterfly rattle, cooing from where she stood, holding onto the rim of the Pack and Play.
Well, there would be no breakfast in bed this year.  Snuggling was good though.  And his spouse was definitely showing signs of waking up interested.  John gave a little push backward with his rear.  Sherlock’s chuckle moved the hair behind John’s ear.  “Siger,” the warm, dark murmur came, “Just told his sisters he’ll come down and discover what is keeping Daddy and Père, John.  No time for that.”
Until Siger was born.  At first this was not a problem.  Because Sherlock was an adult, and Siger was an infant, and that was all there was to that.  Except that infants grow.  They become toddlers, who are much more aware not only of the world around them, but of the past, the present and the future.  Babies live in the now, mostly.  Toddlers begin to think about what happened in the past, and how it affects them in the future.  And then toddlers grow to be older, and wiser, little children.  Who watch their parents not just to mirror them, but also to question.
The Spy Who Couldn't Spell.  https://www.kirkusreviews.com/book-reviews/yudhijit-bhattacharjee/the-spy-who-couldnt-spell/
Dr. John Watson was a brave man.  Brave enough to live with Sherlock Holmes.  A strong man.  Strong enough not to burst out into laughter at the sight.  Clearing his throat, he told his daughter, “Well.  That’s an interesting effect, isn’t it.  I think that I prefer your beautiful faces as they are though.  As dismissive as I can be of the beautiful, I prefer your beauty.”
Eyeliner.  That was an odd and disconcerting feeling.  Sherlock had second thoughts about the false eyelashes when his spouse made a decidedly unhappy noise and bared strong teeth at him.  Mascara.  Even odder than the eyeliner.  There.  Then Sherlock messed about with his eyebrows a bit, and they were almost done.
“Why did you think putting on makeup with Evangeline would be a good idea?  What made you want to wear it?” he asked her.
“Soft!  Fluffy! Rainbows!” the preschooler cried, and his father typed those words in to the search bar.
“Of course, we’re encouraging this, Sherlock!”  Shorter, pugnacious, John Watson’s avatar was bouncing on the balls of his feet, ready to head out for a case in worn blue jeans, a blue and green plaid shirt, and his grey windcheater.
A message tapped out on the mobile he’d received from Mycroft.  The Uber driver’s description and the car’s license. Stepping out into the fresh air, John wondered about his brother-in-law’s fetish with black vehicles.  The driver was chatty - self-described - which John figured was some form of punishment or joke from the man sending him to Canada in the first place.
Siger, who was straightening out Ross’s card, looked up and smiled.  “Daddy,” he said to John, “Ross’s card is crumbled.”
Because this was a special date, as Sherlock kept calling it, between John and Lestrade, that meant that John was not responsible for taking care of the children during that time.  Sherlock had, of course, tried to get Mycroft to babysit, as he was in the midst of a series of experiments on fatty livers and their effect on poisons ingested.  To be fair, he was doing this with rats, and the rats were not being kept in 221B at all.  Mrs. Hudson, Alice Brown, and John had all protested.  And so Sherlock had found someone somewhere else who owed him an immense favour, and he was stuffing the rats in another venue.
“Yes.  We can plan a series of experiments for you.  For all three of you.  And now, next, we will need to do your father’s hair, but before we can get to that, he’s going to need to go and change into the clothing I’ve set out on the bed.  John,” Sherlock carefully removed the shower cap, then the sheet, “Don’t mess about.”
Of course, now that he’d thought of that box -- or was it boxes? -- John was trapped under the welcome comfort of his cuddling daughter. If this was the greatest hardship in his life, John Watson was a very lucky man.
Whatever Will noticed in Siger’s tone, he stopped fighting long enough for the boy to hoist the baby up and settle him on Siger’s back, tightening the straps, fastening them together.  The baby was unwieldy, no matter how he was being held, and Siger was trying to move quickly.  He thought that, perhaps, he felt the room getting hotter.
That laughter always lifted John’s heart.  He wondered if Sherlock had laughed as much when he was a child.  Somehow, John did not think so.  He was glad that Siger could.
He must be getting somewhere close to the end, mustn’t he?  It was taking longer than he remembered.  Siger was tiring.
John was now checking a text on his mobile.  “The two Marys and Jack will be flying over to see the babies next week,” he told the room at large.  The three of them knew Mary Morstan and Dr. Jack Watson from the Initiative, and Mary Watson, their granddaughter, had donated the eggs for the in vitro.
Dropping, falling to the ground to land bloody and still in a bubble of silence while all around there were screams and shouting and movement.
Siger found two pieces that were of opposing polarities, and repelled rather than attracted.  Reversing one piece he continued building.  Long, thin adult hands kept up with smaller, skinny fingers, passing blocks and tiles as the edifice grew to include materials of varying magnetic properties.
Exploring, John found a Toyota Corolla waiting in the garage. The bright blue of the car was dulled by use, and needed a wash. The refrigerator and freezer were filled with microwaveable meals. In the folder John found the password to the wi-fi, and an address for tomorrow.
“Over and over, the whole time we were at the store and that awful woman with the gum disease was shouting at him.  He didn’t swear or anything, just kept saying that over and over.” Siger said seriously, his red curls tumbled about his face.
His tall, thin partner pulled a box the size of a plumber’s kit from behind the sofa, and took from within it a light blue, knee length smock.  “To be certain that I do not ruin my clothing,” he told the girls and boy.  He shrugged into it, and of course it fit perfectly.
Miri was ignoring him.  So Siger climbed out of his bed, and into her crib, looking for Lambkin.  His stuffed sheep was not there.  Climbing back out Siger began to search the room - the toy chest, under the cribs and his bed, and under the dresser.  He was so busy searching that he did not hear the footsteps coming up the stairs.
Yes.  Siger would like that very much.   There were albums that inhabited the top shelf of the book case.  Siger was not allowed to handle them, but on some occasions
“Father Christmas is stuck in the prop closet,” the Elf told her, torn between laughter and frustration.
His children were not napping.  They rarely did anymore.  Indeed, Siger, Ross, and Miranda were no longer within the bounds of Mrs. Hudson’s tiny backyard.
“May I have a pencil and paper, please?” she asked when the ideas began to overwhelm her.  No. Leaning back, she thought about one last person that she should not call before beginning to plan a long, swirling skirt in her mind.  He did always have such lovely clothing, though never skirts.  She needed a particular type of skirt to convey the sweeping and overwhelming character of the grand dame in a play her class was doing in the Little Theater.
“Good morning,” John said a chipper as a London sparrow waiting for a crumb of doughnut to be dropped.
Daddy was really looking much better when they took his tray in.  He was sitting with Ross and Miri on the big bed and singing Christmas carols with them.  Well, Daddy was singing, and Miri was humming, and Ross  was banging one of the rubber bees on a plastic bowl.
Lily was thrilled for their date.  Lily had also, Bert discovered, been born on skates, as her family were Norwegian.  Balance.  It was all balance, he discovered, as he found himself trying to walk, stiffly, across the ice wearing battered brown hired men's skates, topping knife blades on his feet.  He started by clinging to the wall of the rink, older men and women in bright sweaters weaving their way in and out of the crowd of children who were taking up most of the space in the center.
Next was a wig, of course, not too long - only to the jawline - but decidedly a female cut.  It was an auburn colour, which , Sherlock said, went with the fairer base.  Sherlock continued his commentary with, “People see, but they do not observe.” The children had heard that many times before.  “Your Daddy is, to our eyes, still a man.  We know he is a man.  But going out, we will notice that, if your Daddy walks correctly in those shoes, for this brief outing, he will appear to be female to the general populace.  Now if he wanted to appear as a woman for a longer period of time, or to a more intensive audience, then he’d need more training in basic behaviors.  And practice in modulating his voice.”
“Presumably,” Mycroft agreed, “Though we are speaking of Jim Moriarty, and logic does not necessarily enter into it.”
Rosalind proved a joy to shop with.  She didn’t speak.  That wasn’t the joyful part.  She was intensely interested in everything that Mycroft shared with her.  It reminded him of Sherlock as a little boy.
“For heaven’s sake, John, he’s not an idiot.  He’s perfectly capable of watching a match with you and Lestrade,” Sherlock had said as he pulled on the tan leather gloves he was currently wearing with his black Belstrade coat.
However, a new kit was set up and stored under the double bed in their room.  There was protective medical gear for two adults, emergency supplies for infants and children.  Not enough, of course, for all eventuality in an apocalyptic situation. John Watson was not a man to plan for imaginary possibilities. Like, say, a zombie incursion.  He did not lay in a supply of shotguns and ammo.  And John was not the type of man to hoard items that would be required for medical professionals in a crisis.
It was that moment that John realized he’d been falling.  When he landed.  The solid impact of the feisty doctor’s left fist against that even more prominent cheekbone - evidence, though John did not know it, of deprivation and two years of Sherlock’s own version of the fall.
Sherlock was heading at last for the loo when he heard an awful noise, and then Siger’s voice, “Oh, Miri!  Pere, Miri’s thrown up!”
She did. As did Daniel, and Joy who had come along to make sure her Daddy was not lonely on the walk back. They strolled down the drive under the darkening skies, as the children talked to him about the color blue, and the sky, reflection and refraction.
“An angel, Siger?” Sherlock asked.  “Why are you being an angel? I thought you were a fierce dragon.”
I am not British, nor do I have a comprehensive knowledge of insurance.  If you notice something I've said amiss, please let me know.
Drawing the expensively-hemmed edge of the sheet over his head like an old woman’s shawl, Siger crouched on the floor, one hand clutching his dragon skin to him as the other clawed forward.  The growl did not start as deeply as it might have, but intensity grew into an impressive enough roar from a skinny, small boy.  It ended in a cough, as Siger was recovering from a cold.
When Sherlock continued the conversation his own tea was cold. John was on his second cup and working his way through a queue of emails. “When do you leave?”
“Miri Cat!” and “Miranda!” the men said together, watching her crawl, speeding up as she got some space from the long hall.  Looking up, the little blonde girl gurgled, changed course, and made her way over to her parents in the kitchen doorway.
Waking up at Uncle Mycroft’s and Uncle Greg’s was not particularly unusual.  Siger had heard Miri and Ross whispering in the bunk below.  They were happy, thankful, that Pere had brought their bears and their horses.  It must be very nice to be so young.  Siger could not really remember it.  He was big enough now that he knew they could not go back to the flat until it was all fixed up.
Scooping her up onto his arm - the one without an umbrella - was awkward.  Greg always managed these events well.  His absence was enormously noticeable.
“It’s part of a body from the mortuary,” Sherlock said absently, having lost interest in the conversation.  “Molly made it up and gave me several.”
“What did Daddy say?” Siger asked, his well-worn plush violin hugged tightly in one arm, a fairly new plush Erythrocyte in the other.
The shorter man elbowed the taller in the ribs before turning back to the middle-aged patron, whose stringy grey hair indicated a dislike of modern practices of hygiene.  “Right then.  Let’s get that book taken care of for you,” and he nipped the book out of the reference librarian’s hands, marched over to the curving circulation desk, and ran it over the flat metal plate that desensitized security precautions in the books.
Doctor John Watson took the seventeen steps up two-at-a-time.  The sitting room was crowded.  Albert Tran leaned in Sherlock’s chair.  Long booted legs were crossed and resting on the coffee table, and Bert was deeply engrossed in an obstetrics article.
Until he was gone.  Those bastards had killed Jim Moriarty.  Cuddles came back from a simple job in Dublin to find his master dead, and Sebastian Moran in an ice cold rage. Cuddles didn’t get angry much.  Dead is dead.  Revenge wouldn’t change that.  But Moran glowed with frozen fury. “Jim’s dead.  It stinks.  All of it.  So here’s what you’re going to do.  You’re going to go away for now.  Wait them all out.  Use the Northern account.  Until you hear from me.  And then you have another job.”  Sebastian took a folder from his messenger bag and handed it to the man.  “These four people?  Their addresses are listed.  Pictures too.  You’ll know what they look like.  You’ll receive a note from me, and then I want you to come back to London, and you take your time and track them down.  I won’t be there to bring them to you. Don’t get caught you daft bastard, you’ll be on your own.  At least not until after you rip each one of them apart.  Then burn their hearts.  They’re the reason Jim died.”
Sherlock nodded, not quite recalling the event.  Rosalind and Miranda were dressed up too, he realized.  Ross was wearing a tunic that someone, probably Bert, had contrived from an old pillowcase, tied around her waist with the belt from John’s bathrobe.  Miri wore pink leotards.  Sherlock was having difficulty inferring what part of the Biblical story that she was portraying.
“Ffffffffff,” Miranda told him. Then she rolled over onto the small carpet of the landing, and burbled at the lofty ceiling.
“Mr. Gurdy”, John Watson said in exasperation, “Ms. Brown has told you that Sherlock Holmes is not available, and I am telling you that he is not here.  I’m sorry, but you will either have to come back another time next week, or speak to the Royal Humane Society or the police about your missing poultry.”
Then there was the much smaller, Dower House - which was generally used as a rental property. Currently the Lestrades were living in the Dower House with the remaining members of Mycroft’s security detail. Greg’s vivacious sister, Dolores, her daughter Evelyn and son-in-law Jonathan and their children.  Emma and Daniel were Siger’s biological siblings, born within days of the boy at Moriarty’s Institute in an odd and intricate scientific experiment.  Mycroft had organized their adoption by Greg’s niece and nephew.
John hid his smile behind a mouthful of strong tea with milk. “Sherlock and Siger have begun reading music together. Sherlock will sit with Siger on his lap, holding a manuscript, and they’ll hum the notes together on each line. Ross and Miri just chew on their teething toys and ignore them.”
One of the nondescript vans delivered them to 221B Baker Street, after a stop at a Tescos on the way home.  Now that the adrenaline had ebbed, the achey part of John’s flu was catching up.  Sherlock, who was one of the world’s worst patients, did not give kisses, but a light and one armed hug was tendered as he picked Ross from John’s arms.  “Hot shower.  Paracetamol.  Pajamas. Then we’ll bundle you up in your chair for some hot soup from the Thai place, John.  I’ll take care of Miss Rosalind.  Then she’ll be joining you.  And John. You probably gave your flu to your abductors.”
That earned him a grin - sometimes it was a good thing to be the straight man.  “Of course, not, John.  It’s the middle of the night.  Mycroft is certain to be fast asleep.  As we shall be soon, in nice, comfy beds at Holmes House.”
, who, with Siger, was on the floor with the periodic table blocks.  “Albert,” he loathed repeating himself, but was caught in a slight vocal glitch, “You are not to go out, nor to let anyone into the house until further notice.  Make certain that Siger is safe.  John has been kidnapped.  Do you have your transponder?”
Sherlock gave him a grin  before taking a swig from his own tumbler.  Wrinkling his nose he offered, “Scotch is not my drink.  But this is not as offensive as some of the whiskey you’ve brought into this flat.”
He’d rented a freezer to keep things fresh while he waited.  A space for his tools as well.  Steel tables for the work.  A small forge for charring the hearts.  No one noticed him.
“Just like you, Daddy!” Siger’s grin looked so much like Sherlock’s.  It was the uninhibited openness of his face that made it all his own.  “
Sherlock Holmes was not, by nature, a nurturer.  With John and Ross both ill, he had spent his day rushing up the stairs to get fresh clothing for the baby, and down the stairs to request that Alice Brown order items for delivery, and then back up again.
“You’re still waiting for Siger to turn three before starting him on the violin?” Mycroft asked with all the body language of actual interest.
John Watson hummed.  Sherlock caught the blue eyes gazing sideways at his own, currently grey ones.  He hummed in agreement.
There was much twitting of John about his blog, and his “Three Continents” nickname - though not at the expense of Sherlock whom John had introduced as “my partner, Sherlock,” with his arm casually tucked about Sherlock’s tailored waist.  They’d been surprised, but not threatened, nor vindictive.  Somewhat unexpected, Sherlock thought.  But then, these people clearly respected and liked John.  And the detective inferred that they did not take him for granted.  They were all clearly dangerous in their own rights.  John was too.  It would not do for Sherlock to underestimate them either.
The great brass knob of the door twisted softly as Siger opened the door and peered around into the hallway, down the stairs.  Flickering light.  Fire.  No heat yet, but that did not mean it was safe.  His call of “Daddy?
“Wait a moment, Greg,” Mycroft took the tie from Siger and held it up against those bright curls.  “This red doesn’t clash.”
Today Mrs. Hudson said, “I think we’ll try cut out  today, Siger, as you’re old enough to help me with those.”
Knuckles clenched white over the push bar of the trolley, John tried not to walk too quickly for Siger.  He muttered darkly, until he found what he was looking for.  The woman’s hectoring continued until she saw the manager, a large competent woman, who was cheerful until she caught sight of John’s angry face.   “Shoplifter, young boy, green hoodie.  He’s heading out the door now. His accomplice is the woman shouting behind me.”
“Well, there was the angel who spoke to Mary when he was telling her that baby Jesus was coming.  He said ‘Fear not’!,” Siger said after a small amount of thought.
John Watson carried Miri on his back.  Hips, he had learned long ago, do not work as well for men as they do for women in the carrying of children.  His daughter pointed past his ear toward whatever caught her interest, chattering in excitement over the people, the glitter, and the noise.
told him that they hid their pirate treasures where the sisters could not find them.  Until their sisters were ready to join the pirate band.  Miranda was cooing at her bear.  She sounded just like the pigeons at the park, Siger thought.
“Do you have a nice dog?” Siger asked as the men stood back to view their handiwork.  The long needled fir reached for the ceiling, stopping short enough to support whatever topper the family might choose.
The Little House Christmas Treasury is by Laura Ingalls Wilder, and contains the chapters from each book dealing with Christmas.  John read "Christmas in the Big Woods" from the first book, Little House in the Big Woods.
It was still somewhat light outside, but the glittering, almost dancing rainbows on the walls, floor, and wooden furniture came from artificial lighting.  Every lamp in the room was on.
John watched as Siger made a mess of the envelope to get at the card inside.  The head full of red curls bent over the picture of a baby laid in straw under the light of a star.  “This is pretty,” he said as he showed it to his father, then to Grammy Hudson.
Later the children described it all to Sherlock, as he snuck into their room when he returned from his evening out.  As parents are wont to do, as he understood it.  Of course, John heard it all on the monitor from his seat downstairs at his desk, where he was writing up the latest case.
“Happy Christmas,” came from Siger’s side of the room.  “Daddy, Père.  I love you.  Happy Christmas.”
“Not to worry, Siger,” his Uncle Mycroft told him, “I’ll make sure that your Uncle Greg gets right on reading it, so that he can discuss it with you.”
ate curry.  Siger listened with his eyes closed for most of it, but he watched the violinist playing.  They never showed what he wanted to see, though, which was how the violinist placed his fingers on the strings.  Even Miri perked up at the music, and hummed along with the children’s choir, while Ross banged blocks together from her periodical block fortress on the carpet.
“Black haired, not black hearted,” John murmured softly.  Siger gave him a quick answering hug and dashed off to find his piratical father.
With a tilt of that dark curled head, his partner replied, “Possibly,” then lapsed back into silence.
It was perfect!  Siger shouted, “Yes!” and ran into the sitting area to kick his soccer ball about until the game started.
“Siger,” Sherlock instructed his son, “Show your sisters the photographs of their faces this afternoon.”
said far less waspishly than he would have with anyone else.  “Do you think that because he loves us, we should let him eat sweets?   Because he has worked very hard to lose that weight.  And he does not want to regain it.”
“Now, your father has very thin lips,” the makeup artist lectured as he pulled a lipliner from the box.  And while we wanted to highlight the blue of his eyes, we do not particularly want to make his mouth look damned awful and bloody obvious.  Just shape it a little.”  Which went to show what he thought of Evangelina’s lipstick job on his daughters.
“Dinosaur mummies!” Emma squeaked, “Think of it! And maybe they’re like bluejays! Those aren’t blue, their feathers just refract light to that color!”
“I believe he told Sherlock at one point.  There was a reference at the right time for me to hear it.”  Mycroft said it simply.
Siger took the plate to his hive first, then carefully carried his mug of tea, and with his Lambkin, his violin, his red blood cell, and his rubber bees had a satisfactory snack under the orange blanket draped over Daddy’s chair.
Well, apparently books could be mistaken for cement.  Pulling on pajamas, John then hauled the first carton out to the sitting area, set the kettle on for tea, then went back to the bedroom for the second box.  With a cup of tea, he sat on the floor to go through the contents of the first box.
John supposed that was the perfect poem for Sherlock to begin with, and for today, for all the topsy-turviness of it being the opposing Solstice.
“How about I wrap you up, and you can rest on the sofa in the sitting room.  Ross is playing on the floor, and I’m cleaning up the kitchen.
Illustrations by Pyle in the grand fashion of fictional pirates.  The spine glowed a lovely dark blue, uncovered and well-loved.
As time ticked on her thoughts ranged to whom should she call for help.  Not Daddy.  Daddy would come bursting into the booking area with rage and a desire to protect her that would allow whoever was behind this to escape.
It was quiet.  Sherlock Holmes observed that he was alone in bed.  Granted, he had the entirety of the bedclothes wrapped about his body, which left John’s side of the queen-sized mattress denuded and cold.  Blinking, he perceived that his transport was rested, despite only four hours of the eight that John insisted were necessary.
,” he pointed out.  “And he loves me, and Miri and Ross.  He told us so.” he continued.  Then he added, “And he loves Unka Greg, even if he did not tell us so.”
Yes, Rosalind would, and yes, it did.  Looking into the mirror in the yellow dress, her brown hair done up in pigtails, she curtseyed as Mycroft had shown her and Miranda months ago.
“No, I don’t want to discuss anything to do with my brother while we’re in bed together,” Sherlock told him.
The range-master was all grey.  His hair was grey, his big mustache was grey, and he wore grey camo whenever James saw him.  Even Sergeant Major Bascombe’s skin was grey.  When James had first been brought downstairs to the range to meet the range-master, the boy had expected his voice to be booming, like the guns.  Instead, he was quiet, and bland.  Even his voice was grey, James thought.
Looking in the tall mirror after dressing, John was surprised to find that the shirt and blazer made him look slightly busty, the trousers were cut to make his rear stand out, and his hips to look curved.  Walking out into the sitting area, he found Sherlock giving the children a lesson on how to walk, first like a woman, and then like a man.  When the tall git caught sight of John in his new outfit, there was a tiny smile quirking the corner of those bee stung lips.  John shifted to throw out a hip and asked, “What’s next?”
Behind the constable moved another man, taller, who said, “Show us some identification, please.”  John knew that look.  And the warrant card being flashed.  A detective sergeant giving him the grim onceover much as Detective sergeant Donovan would have.  Did John have one of Greg’s warrant cards in his pocket?  He prayed that Sherlock had not slipped him one this time, as it would cause trouble not just for John, but for Greg as well if the doctor were caught with a stolen police i.d.
Physical affection, touch, is a requirement for a healthy brain.  Brain scan studies of Romanian children adopted from orphanages in Romania after the Ceausescu regime fell discovered areas of the brain that were never turned on because adults in the orphanages were strictly forbidden to hold or touch the children.  Ever.  Their bottles were propped, and when their diapers were changed the caretakers were not to touch the children if they could at all help it.
Sherlock Holmes smiled at him, and said, “It will be interesting to hear your ideas for the title of this little adventure.  What will it be?  The Father Christmas Murders?”
“What is it?” Sherlock groaned, coming out from under the duvet and sheets, “So that I can go back to sleep.”
The older blond man pecked at his keys for a trifling period of time.  He mumbled something about the wearing of sheets being genetic before calling, “Sherlock? Have you been reading
“John couldn’t even reach that high,” Sherlock said pointedly as he pulled the file to his side of the desk.
The door swung inwards, and a smiling face framed by red curls popped around the edge.  “Alright, James?  Time for maths!”
While he did not become an instant champion skater, he did - toward the end - get up enough speed to understand what Lily meant about feeling like flying.  Before they left, with the promise to try it again sometime, Bert looked into ice skating lessons for very small children.  For when Siger was over the flu.
Sherlock nodded thoughtfully.  “And the possibility that he may have used Harry Watson’s genetic material in his attempt is why you did not want John here?  Mycroft, sentiment?”
Siger was polishing off his meal quite well.  It was a good thing that Mrs. Hudson had a lovely little spice cake for him for after.  “I asked Daddy to put it in my Book For Later.”  Siger gave her a grin that was strongly reminiscent of his father
Sherlock Holmes examined the red-coloured curls of the offspring in his lap.  He held on to the sigh this time, because this was an important point that Siger was making.
The tall, still thin man sighed heavily.  “I expect,” he said, “that my Great Work will be studying bees, when I retire.  But still, I regard you and your sisters as each being a wondrous accomplishment in your own rights.”
John Watson rested his chin on Sherlock’s chest.  “Well, it’s Christmas presents.  And I’ve never had a brother before.  Now I have two.  And I think we should give them something special.”
or Daddy would reach them down and share the photographs with Siger.  Someday they would share those with Ross and Miri as well.  Daddy had said so.
The flat was empty of Mrs. Hudson.  Her cloth shopping sacks were missing.  Mrs. Hudson was at the shops.  Flipping the bolt on her back door, turning the door light on - it was daytime now, but this might take some time - Sherlock spared a look out the back at the deserted, flagged back yard.  Empty as well.  Sherlock set to work checking her flat for listening devices, before moving to examine the rest of the house.
His own lips pressed into the soft, feathery hair of his infant children, newborn, or asleep, or awake, or cradled in his arms.  Kisses to soothe pain, both the offsprings’ and his own.  Joint kisses from family hugs, John on one side, Sherlock on the other, and Siger and the twins in between.
“Mmmm,” was the reply.  They said nothing for a while, basking in the fireplace heat, and listening to the night sounds around them - the creaking of the old house, the traffic noises from the street, the soft sounds of children sleeping upstairs.
Up the wide and curving white stair case they checked on Mrs. Hudson, who was peacefully sleeping in the huge bed with her frying pan held tight to her chest.  “That can’t be comfortable,” Sherlock said.
.  One big enough for the whole herd of elephants he could hear waking up in the nursery.  He’d make the hot chocolate.  And they’d all have
John was meant to be searching for someone to take over Bert’s duties, but they just hadn’t seriously started looking.  So Bert still had his room in the back of the office at Baker Street, and once in a while he babysat to make up for the rent he was not paying.
“of course not, John,” Sherlock said wearily, pushing his microscope aside. “I was a trifle busy at the time.”
To my knowledge there is not actually a brick and mortar wand shop in London.  In Real London, or London Above.
John H. Watson sat in the back of one of Mycroft Holmes’s big black cars, maintaining an air of calm through, if not a will of iron, at least one of solid determination.  Mrs. Hudson was staring out the window at what had been Speedy’s.  She wasn’t weeping.  She looked grim.  They had called Mr. Chatterjee, who had gone home to his wife in Islington before the incident.
Miri, who had been busily coloring with Ross turned her head.  “I want to help too!” came out louder than John was comfortable with in church.  He leaned closer to the girls, and his “shhh” was practically inaudible.  This wasn’t their cue for absolute silence.  John used that only when it was an emergency, and there had been a big discussion on being quiet or not voicing observations for the sake of politeness, and refraining for urgent, possibly dangerous reasons.
Before Sherlock could take off in a manic spree of research into the value of meat-based murder, John brought him back to the point.  “Why are you roasting… what is that? Beef?  Pork?”  It didn’t look like lamb or a chicken.  It did smell very good.
Luncheon interrupted Em and Siger and Danny’s dinosaur adventure in the parlor.  Ross and Miri had been assigned status as small mammals.  They neither complained nor did much to take on their roles, being more interested in attempting to get at the blown ornaments gracing the large blue spruce gated off in the corner.
Not a laugh at that one, but a slight smirk.  “Sherlock has his own inimitable style,” commented the older brother.  “He has learned not to dress Siger in colours that suit his own colouring.”
“Yes, yes, we won’t stop their training in logical thinking or whatever their interests are.  Does that really need to be said, John?” huffed Sherlock.
“How is this a cream tea?” Greg muttered to his partner later as they sat down to miso infused salmon sandwiches on spinach bread, or hummus and avocado wrapped in beetroot colored crepes.
“Siger!  I’m here, just a few rungs more, sweet!” It was Daddy’s voice, and then Daddy’s strong arms lifting Siger and Will off of the rope ladder.  “Good job, son,” Siger could hear the pride in his Daddy’s voice.  “Let me help you with Will, okay?”
Jeanette began a laugh, which broke off as the next contraction began.  “Silly bugger,” she gasped, smiling up at the blond man on the other side.  He smiled at his partner, fondly, before looking down at the surrogate and sharing a grin.
Sherlock picked a cherry fastidiously and pulled the  fruit from the stem.  Tossing the red globe to Jerry, he cocked an eyebrow to his partner.  Laughing, John did the same, and the pair put the stems between their lips at the same moment.
The park had been nice, if drizzly.  They didn’t feed the ducks.  Siger ran all about exploring, because
“No,” Sherlock said as he settled himself spoon fashion into John’s body.  John draped an arm across, and then they both went back to sleep.
“Don’t be foolish, John. But as soon as he learns to read, he’s going to know exactly what we’ve been up to.  You do realize that?” laughed the man sitting next to him.
Mycroft Holmes ignored his brother’s sweeping entrance, flaring black wool overcoat and all, as he finished a call he had not wanted to take in the first place.  “Yes, ambassador, I do understand the seriousness of the situation.  No, that is not something that I am free to discuss with you.  There are other channels for those requests.  It is out of my hands.  Thank you for understanding.  Now, my apologies, but I have another appointment.”
laughed.  “Do you want me to take the children to the park, John?  While you do whatever-it-is that you feel needs adjusting for the season?”
And now?  Now Sherlock found himself tending to his own children’s mops.  Siger’s was a halo of red curls.  Or it had been for so long, until Siger demanded a trip to the barber.  Rosalind’s brown tresses had been enjoyable to brush and braid.  Until.   Until Ross had declared that long hair got in the way.  She’d talked Miranda into cutting it off with her father’s surgical shears.
Sherlock Holmes, who had now replaced his violin and bow into their case, grumbled softly behind them in editorial response.  Siger, who was an intelligent lad, volunteered, “I’ll go and put the groceries away, shall I?”
“Alright,” John said as he turned off the kettle and prepared two mugs of tea, “Did ‘we’ reply to the invitation?”
Rising, his father set about the business of tucking Siger in, while John shelved Saint Nicholas’s visit.  Kisses were exchanged, and bestowed upon those already asleep.
Turning back to the children he said, “Your father is very bad at lying, anyway.  Remember that lying is a tool that we use much like picking pockets or opening locks.  We do not use it against family members.  Honesty, even if it is difficult, or leads to problems, is usually the best policy.  Your father prefers not to hurt people’s feelings.  But you will have noticed that he is very careful not to outright lie when responding to others.  For this, as in all things, you need to observe, not just see.”
“Now, about being pretty.  I would classify you three as beautiful.  Physically you are beautiful children.  You don’t need to draw attention to your best features, because you have fresh skin, long eyelashes, and lovely colour in your lips.  Your hair is well cared for, and undamaged.  You do not, at seven and nine, need to advertise your attractiveness to seek out a mate.  That’s for when you are older.  If you choose.  Your father, though, is very masculine, and grown up, and we’re going to make him look like a girl.”
Flaming pudding topped with holly leaves frightened the two littlest girls, bringing shrieks and tears until John and Aunty Harry removed Ross and Miri.
had put the Vomit Emergency bucket next to Siger’s bed before he and Daddy had kissed them each good night on their foreheads.
Planning for his day out with Siger, Mycroft asked the boy to choose a restaurant for lunch.  “Will Uncle Gregory have lunch with us, Uncle Mycroft?”  It was a joy to hear how well Siger’s pronunciation had improved.
“Do you want me to read to you?  Or do you want your blocks?  Or crayons and paper?” John Watson asked his son.
“This,” John Watson said, “feels ridiculous.”  All that could be seen of him was his face and part of his neck.
A year ago Siger would have been waiting at the baby-gate. Miri sat there now, and gave a soft “coo” of greeting.
That got Sherlock’s attention.  “Where on earth do you get these things, John?  Neither of those would ever happen.  You can’t bludgeon someone with a roast. It’s not solid enough for a bludgeon, although you might be able to suffocate someone.”
Miri and Ross clutched their bees tightly to their bosoms, but some of the tenseness went out of them.  It was not long before they had fallen asleep.  Siger was holding his bee, examining it carefully, as though committing each aspect of it to memory.
It is later that they will, separately, curl around each other in the big bed, warm under the bedclothes, and warmed by each other’s body heat, or shocked by the sudden coldness of another’s feet against their own warm bodies.  And more understand than think about how fortunate each of them is to have found this.  To have family.  To be able to relax and know that they are, if not understood completely, then accepted.
Examining samples, attempting to get his niece to look at dresses at first, that was painful.  The sales clerk was rather good, actually.  It took some effort, but eventually Miranda stole a glance at the cheerful young woman.  A showcase of hair bows and ties captivated the child.  Soon after that moment, the chatter began.
It wasn’t that Mrs. Hudson could not handle Siger on her own either.  She was perfectly fine at handling the children.  And if she could not lift Siger anymore, Siger was more than capable of clambering up onto a stool, or into a chair, or wherever he needed to be.
On the way back to Baker Street he looked up prices.  10£ to 12£, just to get in.  But that included skates.  There was one rink that was open year-round.  Considering the temperatures in London, Bert found that amazing.  It wasn’t like they were in Scotland, or Scandinavia was it?
," Siger went back to telling Ross and Miri, “sits on a big wooden chair.  It has a red soft cushion, just like his clothes.  If we are good, then we can sit on
There would be no scampering with Will on his back.  After he’d gotten below the window, Siger took a moment to call, “Miri?  Ross?”
pushing the perambulator with Miranda and Rosalind each holding their bears (Snow White and Rose Red), with Bert Tran and Mrs. Hudson following behind.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  Wisely, he said nothing.  Too much sentiment, he thought as his hand sought out John’s, clasping them together on his trouser leg.  They settled into silence as the dark car moved quietly under the London street lights toward Mycroft’s home.
“There was that dog in the doc,” Siger hesitated, then got it out slowly, “doc-u-men-ta-ry that I watched with Pere.  He lived on a boat, and kept the babies from falling into the water.  He was black, but little.  Like Samson.  Only Samson is yellow.”
John started it all by posting a photograph of himself wearing the Ugly Christmas Jumper that Detective Sergeant Sally Donovan and the thoughtful people at the Met had given him last year after Sherlock had destroyed his stock of jumpers.  He entitled the post “Merry Christmas to you all!”
A table was laid with tea and a variety of pastries. Mycroft’s slim figure was outlined at the enormous windows overlooking the street. John removed his windcheater to give to the servitor and commented, “I thought it was dangerous to stand in a window like that. In all the movies that’s where some unsuspecting government employee stands before being shot by a high powered rifle.”
“Siger, sweet, you can’t get up and run around with a fever.  You need to stay, resting, because you might fall down even harder.  Plus, you need the bucket,” his Daddy told him.
“The red hair,” Mycroft sighed.  If only he’d his mother’s eye for shades that went with what Mycroft saw as the family’s burden.
The brandy was good.  The cookies were decorated by Siger and Bert, and tasted of butter, sugar, and vanilla.  The tree was not grand, but it was homey.  Each year saw new ornaments added.  Some contained memories of Christmas past - three small handprints in plaster circled just below the star.  The bottom branches were laden with bells and less breakable items.
Darkness.  It was not time to get up.  Not yet.  The babies were sleeping.  Siger could hear the soft murmur of Miri and Ross as they slept in their cribs across the room. Gentle, regular breaths, the rustle of bedclothes as they moved slightly, Siger liked listening to them at night when he was getting ready for bed.  It helped him to fall asleep.
The clattering of crockery that had started silenced.  A head of sand-coloured hair peered around the doorway.  “What did you say, Sherlock?” John asked.
“Yes, it bloody well does!” John thought about his response to the odor of cooking meat and felt nauseated.
My apologies for the lateness of this chapter!  I've been doing a lot of looking for the good in the year.  It's there.  We need to not let the sad times overwhelm those good things.
Then there had been the interaction with Sherlock and John.  “Mycroft, you’re not to bring her home in any caricature or version of Princess Charlotte’s clothing.  No ‘pop culture’ trash either,” had been Sherlock’s most offensive response.
held out his long thin hand, “Well, Dread Pirate Holmes, shall we go and beard Father Christmas in his Santa’s Grotto!”
grudgingly said that their Daddy had passed the test.  No time to work on John’s voice, he woudl just have to speak at a slightly higher pitch, and more softly.
Mrs. Hudson took her place and picked up a neatly-made chicken salad sandwich.  She never took the time to indulge herself in creating chicken salad with red grapes, cut celery, and pecans.  She’d gotten fond of pecans in her time in the southern United States, and preferred them over the more common walnuts.  Much as she loved baking, making casseroles, and feeding her tenants, chicken salad was one of those items she preferred to hire out for.
“Good to keep it in the family, isn’t it?” Sherlock stretched a long arm over the back of the couch and onto his spouse’s shoulders.
John looked over to where Sherlock was listening to Ross list the brand names and types of sweets in the shop they had just visited.  Sherlock was watching John intently.
Grammy Hudson must be feeling well, because she was playing Christmas carols downstairs in her flat.  Ross was gumming on something, because Siger could hear the wet smacking sound of it.  Whatever it was, the item was hard, not soft like his plush football.  Siger opened his eyes to check.  Yes, Ross had a big plastic spoon in her mouth.
The dating dry spell ended.  John found himself bringing Sherlock along on every date anyway.  The invisible consulting detective in his mind urged him not to just see, but to observe.  Which caused Three Continents Watson to date a lot.  A quantity of feminine consorts, and an enjoyable quantity of medicinal sex, but nothing, and no one, long term.
The roar of the heater or  blower or whatever they called the thing, spewing heated air up into the gigantic envelope stretched round above them - blocking out the blue grey sky, well that noise added to the whip of the wind and made it impossible to hear anyone speaking.    John was uncertain whether he heard or imagined the creaking of the wicker basket, woven canes smooth under his clutching hand.  His dominant left hand stretched out to tether the fine leather of Sherlock’s belt.  The consulting detective was leaning perilously over the woven rim of the basket, those changeable eyes fixed on the curvature of the coloured panels of the hot air balloon.  Calculations spewed forth from the familiar mouth to be lost into the winds swirling around them.
“It doesn’t look comfortable.  Sort of tight in the wrong places.  What is it made of?  Polyester?” Greg Lestrade did not touch the sweater.  Men don’t do that, after all.  Not unless they are tailors, and even then not out on a night at the pub.  Thinking that he was grateful that Mycroft’s sweaters were all supremely soft, he took another look at John’s sweater to try to suss out which was the figure signifying Ugly Christmas Jumper.
The older, bird like woman turned and smiled tiredly, “I’m alright John. Don’t worry about me.  It’s just,” her voice broke slightly, “It will be a lot of work to get it all squared away again.”
“The murderer had time, but little in the way of transportation.  It was important that the victim not be declared dead, as bank payments to the murderer would cease on his death.  She, the murderer, was also very angry. “ Only Sherlock Holmes could make this sound bland and ordinary.
John Watson had been taking the odd locum shift at the surgery, and this one had been a long day – what with the regular doctors coming down with the flu and every regular at the clinic likewise.  He’d scoured his hands and arms throughout the day, and his face before leaving the surgery, with antibacterial soap.  So far as he knew he’d not been sneezed on in the underground, though that didn’t mean people had not breathed on him, spreading their infections.  Exhausted, the short, blond, former army surgeon had stopped grumbling to himself when he noticed people moving away from him on the seats in the tube.  In itself that space was a good thing considering contamination.  But John Watson did not want to get the reputation for being a crazy person roaming the streets.
Rosalind was gumming on one of Siger’s rubber bees, but he was being nice and not grabbing it back.  Big boys did not grab toys from their sisters.  Daddy said that.
in his crib, Anna.  I expect it’s better for him to sleep with the other children tonight.  Don’t forget to make some for us,”  Sherlock intoned as he urged his doctor down the hall.  Anna reluctantly handed the baby over before ushering the rest of the children back to the kitchen.
“The thing is, Siger, school is your work. You’re fortunate that you don’t have to find a job to pay for schooling.  But you’ve always put your entire effort into your classes.  Even if it wasn’t toward the goal your teachers set.  That needs to continue. There’s so much for you to learn about life to make good music.  So many prodigies burn out, and then have to climb up a mountain to get back to where they were to begin with.”  John closed the cabinet and looked up at the boy who changed his life, much like Siger’s father had.
Sherlock’s focus on John vanished, and John knew the man was in his Mind Palace. There was time for John to give a sigh, hoist himself out of the chair, and fix two mugs of tea - one milky, one disgustingly sweet.
Siger put on his thinking face.  Miri and Ross rolled over to get Bert’s attention, and he spent some time fetching for them, as they threw large and colourful plastic beads about the room.  “Bert,” Siger asked, “Would you show me on my tablet?” The little boy pointed across the room at the table by the kitchen doorway.
More laughter, then, “We need to stop that.  I’m at work, and the squad are staring at me through the window. No privacy to make sure I’m respectable if I get called out.”
John was dressed much like the others in this group.  A fairly plain jumper over a plaid or patterned button-down and denims.  Several had polos on under polar fleece open hoodies.  None in anything that remotely looked like a uniform, and all with layered clothing.  Was every man back from Afghanistan always cold?
“Not as such,” his spouse told him.  “He decided that it was his responsibility to take charge of bathtime, since you aren’t home.”
Mycroft had fussed with his hair, much like father’s, but kept longer and styled to within an inch of its life.  At least while Mycroft was in school.  Once his brother had come into his own at the office, the style had become expensively sensible.  Then when he’d started to lose it - male pattern baldness - that had changed again.  Mycroft no longer seemed to care about controlling what he could not, the loss of his hair along the front.  No combovers for Mycroft..  Neat and tidy, severe, plain and never one hair out of place.  Aside from the balding, not at all like Mummy’s father, whose hair often looked like an unmade bed, at least according to Mummy.
“Oh!  That would be lovely!” Miranda said, pleased.  She’d never been the one to help with police work before.  Siger had - well, he’d been kidnapped, and so had Ross, and they’d both gotten involved in all kinds of hijinks with Daddy and
“You’re very interested in animals, eh?  Going to be a zookeeper, son?  You’d like a stuffed animal for Christmas?  Or a fireman?  Want a nice firetruck?” was the hearty attempt at getting back to the theme.
“Who was it?” Sherlock was not asking, he as muttering as he flipped through a variety of possibilities.  Nothing came.  Mycroft had resources for this sort of thing.  Best to use them.
Miri and Ross gnawed on bright rubber parrots that seemed to have escaped from a pirate ship by virtue of their eye-patched faces.  Siger had chosen those because, as he told his Pere, “‘Soon as they can walk the plank, we can make them part of our pirate crew!”  Siger also volunteered to hang the girls' ornaments - a white and a red rose respectively, but not before Ross had taken a bite out of hers, to Siger's dismay.
“Do,” responded the calm representative of the British Government, “and let me know as soon as possible.”
rats were fascinating to her. Meanwhile he answered Miri.  “Yes.  Sheep say ‘bah’,” and Siger gave a surprisingly good imitation of the sounds coming from the pen.  Miri began to talk, not to Siger, but to the sheep.  The sheep’s concentration was elsewhere, but that did not stop her.  Siger did not feel the need to translate for the sheep.
then demonstrated how to make a square knot before unraveling the ones on the package and handing the gift to Siger.
Placing Miranda on Siger’s other side in Jeanette’s arms, Sherlock stepped aside so that John could take a photo with his mobile.  Looking over his partner’s shoulder, he could already see several pictures of their daughters with Jeanette.  And then there were closeup shots of Siger, striving valiantly to hold his two sisters.  His children.  How very peculiar.
, - the tale of a hamster taking Father Christmas’ (or in this case, Santa Claus’s) place to save the day - he might try to hide it far over to the right so that Siger would (supposedly) not see it, and select it for reading that night.  This rarely worked.  If John Watson hid the book somewhere other than the bookshelf, then bedtime was disrupted, as they all must search until the book was found.  Not necessarily because Siger wanted to read it.  Siger liked to know where things were.  Because if they did not find it, then he would think about where the book might be instead of listening to the book they were reading.  Then, of course, since they had expended so much energy in finding it, Siger suggested, they might as well read it as one of their books before bedtime.
John chuckled, not so much at Siger’s distress, as at his being much like any other child.  “Alright, Siger.  If Rosalind is not going to be called ‘Sweet’, then what should we call her?”
John Watson could just hear Sherlock’s words over the uproar, for all that his lips were not noticeably moving.  “Let it snow!  Let it snow! Let it snow!”
Christmas tales.  Ensconced inside his Mind Palace, Sherlock grumbled as he surveyed a library of children’s works that displayed numerous empty spaces.
Mycroft stiffened.  “I expect to hear no end of rude commentary from them.  In the end they will comply, if only because they know that I can afford this.  And that it will bring their children pleasure.”
Mrs. Hudson was used to what she considered non sequiturs from her tenants -- well, more than tenants.  They were family, and much as she loved them, she had learned long ago that she didn’t need to understand everything they tended to say.
“Unnecessary,” Sherlock said and took the rest in another swig before flopping onto the couch with John.  Or rather into John’s arms.  Long legs dangled over the arm, but his head fit quite comfortably against his blogger’s shoulder.  John’s right arm held him close, while the left endeavored to bring the slopping alcohol to John’s lips.
left the fairy lights on when he went down the steps.  Daddy and Ross were sleeping in the bedroom downstairs, and
Yawning largely, the tall, lanky man dragged the sheet off the bed, wrapped it around his body, and set off to find his husband.  The duvet plopped onto the floor behind him as he staggered momentarily around the empty floor that had formerly held the two cartons.  He’d pulled what he thought John might appreciate from the multiple boxes upstairs in the crawl space.  John must be organizing the volumes.  All well and good, so long as tea was available.
While Grammy Hudson sorted through the pile, Siger climbed the mountain of steps that lead to the sitting room.  Unfortunately, the baby gate at the top barred his way.  Siger thought about being big.  He thought of climbing over the gate.  He had, however, promised his Daddy that he would not attempt it.  Siger had no desire to break his neck.  That sounded bad, even though Daddy had not explained what happened when a neck was broken.
First of all, Greg refused to go.  “Mycroft, my presence will completely change the dynamic.  I support the idea.  I’ll even take the other kids to the museum or a train ride or to the park or whatever while you’ve got one shopping with you.  That way we can give John and Sherlock and the others a break.  But you’re going to have this time with your nieces and nephew all to yourself.”
I have heard people explode into disgust over this.  While I don't have a huge hairy issue with it, it's not my way of greeting people.  But then again, my immediate/nuclear family were not a hugging household, not a physically affectionate family either.   So while (at the time, as a child) I felt uncomfortable with this greeting, I felt equally uncomfortable with most hugs as well.
