“You can.” Dean shakes him, his throat thick. “You can, Cas. You’re not like them, and you know it. There’s gotta be a way, one where we don’t have to die.”
Dean nods and kisses him, chasing the love on his lips. “You got me,” he breathes. “Long as I got you too.”
. “Benny cook?”
At some point, someone forgot to lock the padlock. Lucky on their part—but also terrifying. “There’s gotta be rats in there,” Dean complains, wiping his hands on his pants. “Or raccoons, or a body. I mean, who just leaves a door unlocked?”
—but the words don’t come. Eyes wet and fear in his gut, he draws her into a hug, cradling her head against his chest. Mary grips him in return, smoothing her fingers down his spine. “I don’t know what to do,” he says, verging on a whine. “I can’t—I can’t protect you from him. I can’t even look him in the eye, and now he’s…”
A nod. “Angelic reproduction is in many ways similar to human copulation, but not quite the same.” Castiel wrenches his arm from Dean’s hold and takes Dean’s hand, shoving it between their bodies. Not for the first time, Dean feels up the ridge of Castiel’s cock, the long length of it throbbing against his palm. “I’m capable of laying eggs.”
Brilliantly colored meteors streak the sky, at least five a minute, chunks of comets colliding with the atmosphere and slowly burning their way into nonexistence. Dean pats Castiel’s wrist, then takes his hand, his palm clammy and shaking. Castiel recognizes the gesture—recognizes what this moment means, but refuses to speak it aloud. Such a brittle thing, a blink-and-you’ll-miss-it moment that Castiel has come to treasure.
“Yeah, but it was over a decade ago,” Sam amends. “Trust me, the last people we’re talking to are demons.”
“Unfortunately, no.” Castiel fights back a smile. “I don’t like having to put myself back in the closet.”
, he thinks. Vaguely, he remembers warm hands and soft lips, but that was supposed to be a dream, not reality. Because reality sits in the previously empty bed on the other side of the room, with navy blue eyes and cheekbones he planned on spending the rest of his life fantasizing about, and glasses propped up on his nose, nearly falling off his face. He stares back at Dean, panicked, his jaw slack and his hands frozen in place.
Castiel stakes his claim with a kiss, and Dean melts into him, chasing his body, his heat. Between kisses, he grabs the abandoned bottle and shoves it into Castiel’s hand, the lid uncapped. “Get ‘em in me,” he murmurs close to Castiel’s ear. Castiel mouths across Dean’s throat, his hand working a slow, steady rhythm in Dean’s briefs. “Cas, c’mon.”
For the first time in a day, Castiel cries colorless tears, and tastes the salt on their lips, the love on Dean’s tongue.
Castiel doesn’t blame him, honestly. Five in the morning is no time for any human to be awake, and Sam does it willingly. Castiel has joined him on a run once, but most of the time, he prefers to sit with Dean in silence and watch the sunrise from their porch. “I’m gifting it to Dean,” he admits, somewhat sad. “As a thank you. You helped as well, but—”
Dean opens his eyes somewhat, worrying his lip between his teeth. A scar splits his lip, from an incident Castiel doesn’t remember. “Last year,” he starts, “I got a tattoo, right here.” He places their hands atop a spot near his hip. “What is it?”
I'm on
“You have time,” Castiel says, every bit the truth. They have time now, all the time in the world. “I wouldn’t mind hearing it again.”
“Why don’t you believe me?” Pulling away, Castiel looks down at him with pity in his eyes, or confusion. Dean would guess the former. It’s the only reason he would understand.  “You deserve to be saved, Dean.”
For a few blissful seconds, Dean lies there, Castiel’s mouth on his throat and sweat sticking to his skin. The music plays on, their other neighbor beats on the wall—and Dean laughs, patting Castiel’s back with his dirtied hand. “You good?”
“It’s—It’s fine,” Dean manages. Yet, he squeezes Castiel’s fingers, his grip shaking. “Just—can’t say it like that. We’re not dating—”
Castiel holds the book over his head and squints at himself, running his thumb over what Dean knows is a wing. “You’re very detail-oriented,” he says, the corner of his lip curling. “Is that how you see me?”
“I hate to rip the Band-aid off, dearie, but there’s no cure.”
. “Yeah, Cas,” Dean whispers, and dovetails their legs together. “Anything.”
the right way, we’d go to Hell with all the other… heathens.” He spits the last word. “Course, he didn’t say it that way.”
“Dean,” Castiel muffles against Dean’s lips. Dean chases him, intent on making a point, or hurting himself. Whatever the reason, Castiel takes him by the hair and tugs, and only then does Dean pull off, his eyes furious and wet. “Dean, look at me.”
Probably nothing—but maybe something.
Dean begins to sleep in, something Castiel never thought he’d do, at least of his own volition. He falls asleep sometime before eleven every night, and he crawls out of bed around seven or eight, unless Castiel wakes him up to head down to the beach.
“Yeah, yeah.” Sam pats his shoulder, then pulls Dean into a hug, one Dean returns, only somewhat to steady himself. “Good to see you, man.”
This late at night, Dean can gather his nerves and throw his inhibitions to the wayside, especially when he knows Castiel won’t turn him down. He saunters over with a sway of his hips before climbing on the bed, crawling on his hands and knees to straddle Castiel’s waist. Seductive or not, Castiel swallows, his pupils dilating just the slightest, but enough for Dean to tell.
“Your crisis of faith is charming,” Castiel muses, to Dean’s subsequent eye roll.
“Your brother’ll be down in a few days,” Mary says to Dean. The two of them chat in the doorway while Castiel stakes a claim on the bed closest to the wall. “What are you and Castiel planning on doing after this?”
The world drones, weighing him down, trapping him against the concrete floor. All the strength in the world, and Castiel can’t open his eyes, can’t see anything other than the light pouring in through his eyelids. At his back, his wings bleed, broken and snapped in places.p Pain radiates through the limbs, feathers threatening to tear. Above, fan blades rotate, rhythmic, slicing.
“Shut up,” Castiel shouts, and slings Alastair into the wall.
“Yeah.” Dean looks up at him, then back to his hand, where he clings to Castiel for dear life.
“Don’t lie,” Dean says, or tries, at least. “You don’t know me, man.”
“You keep saying that like you’re…” Dean takes his hand and presses his lips to the wound—and Castiel sucks in a breath as his wings expand to their full breadth. “Look at me. Please, man, I—You know I love you, okay? Look at me and tell me I don't. Look at everything I’ve done and tell me that I’m not in love.”
If only Sam didn't make it so tempting. “Fine,” Dean huffs. “But I get the bed in the back.”
. “Buddy, if you’re tryin’ to get me naked, it’s working.”
“I just—” Dean hiccups, smothering his face in her neck. “I wanted to see you so bad.”
Castiel stops to breathe. Meanwhile, Dean hangs onto his every word, his gut sour. “I’m exhausted, Dean. I come back every night and I sleep, and I have to repeat the process every day. It’s only for another week, but they’re… You’re living with the trauma. It’s not like there’s a switch to turn it off.”
A moan, maybe. He tries not to think too much into it. At least, until Castiel’s hand sinks lower, coming to rest over the front of his jeans. Involuntarily, Dean gasps, hips working to meet Castiel’s palm as he rubs over the subtle swell of where Dean burns hot. It feels nice—Castiel feels nice.
Humming, Castiel turns his attention back to the paper. In the interim, Dean watches the parking lot. The only cars outside are Castiel’s Continental—brand new, smelling like it just rolled off the lot—and the owner’s Toyota Tacoma. They’re alone, with only Monica to bother them every five minutes.
What a story, one wishes Castiel knew enough to tell. “I’m doing a research study with my university. I was driving to Roberta when I found your son’s car. He… He hit a deer.”
Castiel gives him a look, eyes hooded, his lips parted. A challenge, one he intends to follow up on. His hand comes to cover Dean’s shoulder, fitting perfectly over the silvered mark there—then, Castiel shoves him flat. Dean bounces atop the mattress, grinning while Castiel props his hips up into his lap, spreading him wide. Reaching up, he grabs the half-empty bottle of lube from the nightstand and slaps it into Castiel’s hand.
Sleep is fleeting, Dean knows. Has known it for years, when the most rest he got a night was somewhere around four hours, if that. Years of being taught to be on guard, just in case someone burst through the door guns blazing. In all of his twenty-eight years, though, nothing like that ever happened. The most Dean has ever heard at night are couples fighting in the room next door, or late-night B-movie marathons that John complained to the management about the next morning.
Dean nods. Continues nodding, until the words click in his head and the cogs begin to smoke. “Vessels,” he repeats. “Like you and—”
, I want—I need to save him. He didn't deserve what he went through, and he doesn't deserve to suffer again because of my failure—”
“Think we wandered into someone’s crop,” Dean complains, still struggling to clean his boot without actually touching it. “You think we’re in the wrong place?”
“No.” Dean clenches his fists, knuckles blenching. “No, hell fucking no, Castiel. I’ve been dealt a shit hand, but I’ve never fucking… sold my soul to fix any of it.”
And with him, Castiel is whole.
Dean sucks in a breath, the urge to kiss Castiel festering beneath the skin. Between them, Castiel undoes his belt, then his zipper; Dean holds onto his hips, tucking his thumbs into Castiel’s belt loops as he tugs his boxers down to reveal his cock. Just looking at it, Dean has never wanted anything in his mouth more.
A gentle hand rakes down his spine. Dean wishes it could heal the ache.
It’s quaint, really. Castiel can imagine Dean living here as a child, climbing the oak or swinging from the tire swing hanging from a limb. The stars must be beautiful at night.
Before Dean can finish his sentence, a resounding rush filters through the room, accompanied by wingbeats and scattered feathers. Dean glances toward the door and finds a man standing there, dressed in an ill-fitting suit and a tan raincoat, a matching Stetson covering most of his brown hair. Removing the hat, he tucks it under his arm, blue eyes set on Dean. Dean saw that same blue what feels like days ago, in another lifetime. Still the same hard cheekbones, the same solid jaw—but a fresh wound to his temple, about three inches long and festering red.
. In Dean’s hand, Castiel’s cock spasms, precome painting his fingertips as he strokes up his length. All at once, Castiel’s arm gives out, and he falls, head hanging off the end of the mattress and his hand twisting the bedding. “Good, huh?” Dean asks as he pulls off, only to hear a rumble of complaint. Palming Castiel’s thighs, Dean props him open wider, nosing into the thatch of hair at the base of his cock. He smells incredible, reeking of musk and sex. “You ever been with a man, Cas?”
“Did you talk to your brother?” Castiel asks, leaving the dresser and sitting on the opposite side of the bed. He smells of oil and something celestial, like how licking a nine volt battery tastes, but sentient, lingering on his clothing and his skin.
“I think whatever it is, you’re remarkable.” Castiel taps him again; this time, Dean smiles, barely a flash before it’s gone. An idea crosses his mind, flying from his mouth before he has a chance to grab for it and shove it down. “My brother owns a record company, if you’ve ever thought about trying to sing professionally.”
The red reaches Dean’s ears. If they were alone, Castiel would kiss him. Rather, footsteps approach, and Dean takes both the necklace and the money and shoves the latter into his pocket. Castiel steps away, acutely aware of how close they’ve ventured, and ducks into another stall, just in time for a woman to wander in, about twice his age and apparently on a mission.
“Please.” So close to a beg. He squeezes the juncture of Dean’s neck, every instinct telling him to pull Dean in, to kiss him like he always wanted. But Dean is afraid, can barely look him in the eye, even after all this time. “Dean, I need to—I didn’t think I needed to hear it. I wanted you to know, but I didn't think—”
His back to the mattress, Dean looks at the ceiling while Castiel rounds the bed, crawling onto the other side. Nothing they haven’t done before, but things were different then. Then, Dean could ignore the way Castiel looked at him and go on with his day, because it supposedly meant nothing. But near-death experiences have a way of changing perspectives, especially after meddling brothers needle their thoughts into the conversation.
Nothing. Castiel thumbs over the page, his brow softening. “Is there anything you’d like to know about us?”
Something heavy settles into the flimsy mattress by his knee. Glancing down, he spots a mop of dark hair resting atop two folded arms. His heart jumps, only for a second.
Hi phone rings, vibrating through the back pocket of his jeans. Sluggish, Dean manages to wrench the device free, tapping the screen, then the speaker button. “Sammy.”
Castiel
—opening his eyes. Castiel looks down at him, pupils blown wide in the lamplight, a heavy flush painting his cheeks bright red. “You gonna fuck me, or are we gonna make out all day?”
“God, no,” Charlie laughs. “I can’t even fake it. See, that’s where me and Dean are different, because he can pick up chicks to save face. Me, I can’t even stand being around dudes, no offense.”
“No, Cas.” Dean squeezes Castiel’s shoulder through thin fabric. “I can take you back there and show you. They weren’t even wings anymore, they were dead weight. And that’s the only way I could’ve gotten you out of there. I made the decision, and I knew you’d be pissed if you ever woke up.” He swallows, glancing away. “I thought you were dead.”
“I’m still an angel,” Castiel wonders aloud. He drags his finger through the leftover gravy, licking it clean. Dean watches him, his cheeks flushed. “I still feel my Grace and my wings, but I’m experiencing… fluctuations.”
Dean doesn’t tell Sam, not until they’re face to face. Mostly, he texts every few hours to tell him something they might need in the kitchen, or Castiel steals his phone to hold lengthy conversations that—probably—have nothing to do with him. But for the most part, they drive in silence, comfortable enough to barely speak except if they find something interesting on the side of the road or if someone needs a break.
Dean shrugs, taking Castiel’s hand to pull him inside. “Sore. Slept in my bed last night, so my back’s better, but I woke up on my stomach and had to call for help.” Shaking his head, he ambles towards the back bedroom. Castiel steps into the cramped space, where a full-sized bed backs up against the exterior wall, facing a dresser and a television set. The walls remain blank despite the numerous holes from pushpins over the years, and a set of pencil marks adorn the door frame, reading
Silence fills the space between them, probably the quietest Dean’s life has ever been since he was born. Engine noise has become second nature to him, his every waking day filled with nothing but sound. And now, he can’t find anything. Just the rumble of the air conditioners on the roof and the noise of traffic down below.
. “I’m working on it,” he says with a grin. “I’m better than I was last week, so hopefully you’ll see me back out here soon.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, throat tight. “Guess I do.”
Castiel bows his head. The answer Dean wants, he can’t provide. “God is absent, even to His angels,” he says, low. “The same questions you have are the ones we’ve been asking for centuries. What is our purpose if we’re constantly searching for salvation, for meaning? Humans were gifted with free will, something most of us didn’t have, until we learned of God’s departure.”
Of the few kisses they’ve shared in the last few months, this is by far the best, purely from proximity. Dean holds him close, and Castiel dovetails their legs, their bodies pressed flush. Idle, Castiel trails his fingers down Dean’s spine, eventually settling his hand over the small of his back and teasing his waistband. The temptation is palpable, to reach down and cup him beneath his briefs, to feel the soft swell of his flesh.
“Not, yeah. I get that.” Cutting into the pancakes, Dean pops another piece in his mouth and almost gags.
“Rowena,” Sam says—
Castiel pulls away, but not too far. A gentle hand comes up to cradle his face, and Dean leans into it, eyes fluttering closed. “I’m incredibly old,” Castiel says, soft as the rain. “I’ve been alive longer than your bloodline. I’ve lived with the sole purpose of loving humanity as God intended, but I was mindless. I had no purpose, no reason to exist, until…” A pause. “The moment I touched you, the moment I held your soul in my arms, I felt the epitome of love within you, and it did something to me that I never thought was possible.
“And she’s nice, trust me,” Sam says. “But she’s more of a Sunday driver. I mean, how many cars like that have you see on the road?”
A smile works its way across Castiel’s face, brightening his eyes. “Some things, you should be grateful for. The burden of power isn’t something you should shoulder.”
“We have time,” Castiel assures with another kiss, this one longer, heated.
All at once, Castiel’s touch vanishes. Blinking, Dean watches him shrug his trench coat off, letting it fall to the floor. Heat rises from his gut, spreading through his veins as Castiel strips out of his suit jacket, his tie coming loose with little effort. “Devour me,” Castiel says, an octave or two lower. His fingers slide down the front of his shirt, undoing the buttons one by one until the fabric falls away. He’s broad and warm, and Dean wants nothing more than to sink his teeth into his flesh. “Take what you need of me, and I’ll become yours.”
Zebulon has the population of a wedding reception in Hollywood, with approximately four street lights and a Walmart at the far end of town. Castiel could never imagine living in a place that small until he stepped foot into Lyle and saw the quaint houses, the utter silence in the neighborhoods and the dying cry of cicadas in the trees. Most nights, Castiel wanders onto the porch to find Benny sitting in one of the rocking chairs, whittling an amorphous shape while Ash and Garth chat loudly about things he could never begin to understand.
“I’m scared,” Dean finishes, and Castiel agrees.
“I met a guy,” Dean says. His palms itch, wet with his sadness. “He’s my roommate.”
Shaky, Castiel holds his hand. Dean wants him to stop, to leave—to never let go. “I want you to live. Life is fraught with pain and grief, and no matter how angry it makes you, no matter how much your heart aches each day, it’ll get easier. You just have to see it through.”
If they were back at the bunker, Sam wouldn't even ask. Dean would’ve woken up with a laptop shoved in his face filled with all the gory details. But this isn’t the bunker—it’s home, and home is where they rest. “No offense, but I could sleep for a week,” Dean says. Out of the corner of his eye, he watches Sam smile and turn away. “Seriously, ask in a week and I might say yes.”
. Not that Castiel was obligated in the first place, but being around Dean is… easy. Sometimes, Dean looks at him, and Castiel wishes he would never stop—wishes Dean would stay at his side for eternity, because losing him would be akin to losing his wings. In the infinitesimally short time span Castiel has known Dean, and for the first time, Castiel wants something so fiercely, so intensely, that he can barely comprehend how to process it.
"Your not mad? Not gonna tell me I'm some fag? Not gonna tell me that being bi isn't a thing? That's it?"
Dean knew happiness. Happiness was his mom making him PB&J during the summer time, or her singing Hey Jude until he dozed to sleep. Happiness was the feeling he felt when Sam got accepted to his dream school and saw an out of hunting. Happiness was when Cas first said he loved him, despite the sadness that followed. Happiness was both in the having and in the being. His and Cas's first kiss, first time making love, when Cas proposed, their wedding day, the dedications to him in his husbands books. Yes, Dean Winchester thought he knew true happiness.
"Wait- what?" Both Sam and Dean said in unison.
"Man you know I really don't mind if you stay longer..." Dean sighed in sympathy.
"Plus you two are just darn tootin' adorable!" Donna squealed making Dean blush behind his beer.
He and Inias would ditch classes together and go out to the bleachers and make out for the entire period. It was a young love and a teen romance. They would steal kisses in private and go out to the movies together. Castiels parents were so oblivious to his sexuality they even let Inias stay the night sometimes.
Dean felt contented as he fell asleep in Cas's arms after a long yet satisfying day. He couldn't imagine feeling any happier.
Dean winked and shot him a cheeky "Yes sir!" Before stripping out of his boxers and t-shirt. Cas followed right after stripping down bare with Dean. The two worked together in squeezing the paint out, color by color in strips like an actual pride flag. Once it was properly coated, Dean grabbed Cas's ass leaving blue finger prints of paint there and laughing. Cas got him right back by smearing his hand in the red and grabbing his ass and then his bicep. They laughed until the melted towards one another. They kissed slow for a moment until the realization of what they were doing became more evident. Their kissed became fast and messy. Wet and mostly a clash of teeth and tongue as they breathed each other in.
"Okay..." Sam sighed.
"The pain will leave once it has finished teaching you."
"... I don't know if I'd call it that. But we're," he looked toward the library in thought. "We're together."
"I am home." Dean said confused.
"Oh stop being so dramatic Gordon Ramsay," she punched his arm and he rolled his eyes as he walked away. "Congrats guys! I'm so happy for you!"
Dean took a shaky breath. "I'm not saying forever, Cas. But until I can sort my shit out, I can't be here. I can't do this to you."
The two finished breakfast in companionable silence before Castiel took their dishes to be washed. While he was cleaning up from breakfast, Dean was getting changed in his bedroom. This usually was the awkward part of the one night stand, when they would leave but for some reason it wasn't. Dean came out fully dressed in last nights attire with a big grin on his face.
Jody officiated the wedding and Sam got to walk Dean down the isle which made him cry. Dean remembers it like it was yesterday. How nice the ocean was, toes in the sand. Cas, the most beautiful thing there despite the view of the ocean or sunset. They even have a picture, right in the living room of the kiss they shared on their wedding day. Cas had been shocked when Dean said he wanted it in the living room and simply responded with: "I want everyone to know that I'm the luckiest man alive to have an angel like you for a husband... plus look at your ass in that suit." Cas had flicked him in the ear for that but smiled happily none the less. Sam and Eileen still went on hunts and Cas and Dean gladly baby sat when they went to take on a vamp nest or take care of a salt n' burn.
Cas clearly tried not to smile. "Sometimes." He leaned over and gave Dean a long, soft kiss. "You need to get some sleep. If I leave, do you promise you'll talk to me tomorrow?"
"So I know you guys don't celebrate thanksgiving here, but it's still our first year and France. Plus Dean will take any excuse to get to eat pie." Sam laughed.
"Bien sûr. Je reviens tout de suite."
"When's the last time I told you how gorgeous you are?" Cas asked walking over to pull the robe off, leaving Dean bare.
Hello. My name is, Dean. What's your name?
"Cas-"
"Cas," Dean pleaded, lost in all sensations other than the man above him.
On the second day, Cas called and texted, Gabe called and texted, hell even Sam. So many times so that Dean considered breaking his phone. He wanted to listen to the ten voicemails from Cas. He wanted to hear his voice, bad and he didn't know how long it would be before he gave in. Gave in and tortured himself by listening to the one voice he loved and needed.
"I'd like that, Cas."
Specifically lingerie. Dean inspected the black garment in his hands. Castiel must've spent good money on this. The fabric was fine silk with lace embroidered on the sides and the back was made of mesh. They weren't just any panties though, based on the fit they were designed for men. And the part that made Dean blush was the little pink bow right above the crotch. Dean gulped as he pulled out his phone and texted Cas: Really?
"Okay...." Castiel asked as Dean stood to his feet walking into the kitchen. "What are you doing?"
Dean drove quickly to the pharmacy to get his fill, and as soon as it was paid for, he took one and headed back to the motel.
Happy 25th birthday son. I hope this gets to you on time for your birthday since you're not getting my calls. Could you send me a letter back just to make sure I've got the right number? I hope your having fun, meeting lots of people and maybe a few French chicks. I can't believe you've already been gone a month. Talk soon.
"Bonne nuit et beaux rêves." Cas said back as soon as Dean was dozing off.
Dean was in school right now and Castiel smiled to himself in knowing that Dean would be graduating in less than three weeks. After Dean graduated, Cas was going to try and talk him into visiting his father, sooner rather than later.
"No, no. I'm just saying- that one time on your couch you asked if we could do it without the condom,"
"That won't be an issue, mon chéri. Bed time?"
Dean couldn't help the flush in his cheeks despite him being completely alone in Castiels home.
"Sammy, I know you. When you say 'how are you', you're asking if I've lost my marbles. Which, no, I haven't."
Dean nuzzled in closer and Castiel traced small patterns on his back while he yawned into his neck.
"Thank you." Cas said.
Castiel called Dean in a drunken haze with the hopes of getting some good natured loving tonight, but instead Dean had expressed concern. Maybe Dean was different. No one Castiel had ever been with - romantically or sexually- showed this much concern for him being intoxicated. After all, being stoned or being drunk was sort of Castiels norm. He always had some form of drug in his system, even if he hadn't guzzled away his penchant for wine.
"Shut up." Dean blushed pulling Cas's robe on.
"I love you." Dean mumbled.
"All My Loving?"
He kissed every inch of Castiels body he could reach until he came down to his soft, loved tummy. Much like Dean, he wasn't super defined. He was still in shape, but there was soft skin below his navel that Dean just had to nuzzle into. When he reached the hem of Cas's boxers he gulped slightly, but he pulled them down with no more hesitation. He nearly gasped when he saw what was really hiding underneath.
"Green." Castiel said and Dean blushed.
"What?" He said snapping to look at Cas.
Dean however has been acting strange. A little jumpier than usual and sometimes he just stares off at nothing or behind Castiel like there's someone there. But strangest of all, when they are in bed together he just closes his eyes tight while they're moving together. Usually Dean watches Cas without abandon when they have sex. Watches every little shift and move and expression, and now it's like he's scared. So one night when they are cuddled up on the couch together, he decided to bring it up.
This was easily becoming one of Castiels favorite things. Getting ready for bed together. It was so simple and domestic that it shouldn't be that special, but with Dean everything is. The way he hooks his chin over Cas's shoulder as he combs his hair or the way he sings All My Loving by The Beetles when he showers before bed. It makes Castiel smile and the faint thought crosses his mind that they're building a routine together.
"It has been, nine of the longest days of my life. So no, I'm not taking the time to fold my clothes when I could be inside you."
Sam didn't know about the situation with Inias. There's no way he knew, but Dean still flushed as he took a sip. Gabriel took a sip as well but Dean was sure it was for different reason, knowing how much of a freak Gabe is.
"Like shit."
"Any reason for the flowers?" Dean asked lightly nipping at Castiels hip bone.
"I heard you and Sam talking... Dean if us being intimate together made you uncomfortable then,"
"This is what I was drinking when I first met you." Dean mumbled solemnly.
"Am I supposed to fuck you on the floor?" He chuckled.
"I hope you don't mind I gave her the sand dollar." Dean said.
"The uh... the one I wore the night he... y'know." Sam nodded, eyes full of understanding. And then he smiled.
"Don't take it personal. She gives everyone these stupid names."
Dean was on the balcony with the box in his hands. He would be lying if he said he wasn't shaking. He thumbed open the lid and saw the letters. Some of them were different coloured envelopes, some with little sticker seals on the front. But all of them had the same signature smack on the back of the card.
"I didn't mean-"
"... You wanna come with me?" He asked nervously. Cas turned to face him, a blank expression on his face.
"Well, I certainly am not opposed to that. There are other things I would like to try as well." Dean gulped and nodded as he kissed Castiels shoulder.
Dean can't take his eyes off the guy on the couch, now fumbling to cover himself with a pillow.
"Um, I would like to note that you kissed me back even longer." Castiel said taking a bite of bacon. Dean gave him an unamused look, to which Cas just blew a cheesy kiss. Sam and Eileen laughed in sync at the action.
They decided to go to a small but nice, new age restaurant just outside of Lebanon. Dean held the door and pulled out the chair for Cas, trying to be a gentleman because despite Sam and Eileens company, this was technically their first date.
"I know," he chuckled. "But a warm breakfast is needed, yeah?" Cas nodded and to Dean surprise, he leaned up and kissed him. It was still just as electric as before. He tasted like sunshine, as if he'd already been kissed by morning light. Sleep had him dancing in the darkness and in the stars carelessly, breathlessly waiting for the sun. And at the soft press of his lips and breath against his face, dawn broke and it was as a fleeting moment when the sun kissed the moon. Dean panted when it was over, eyes wide and smile bright as he looked at Castiel. He carded his fingers through his hair once, loving the feeling of those soft locks in his palm.
"I would like to introduce you to the newest member of our family... Samantha Jody Winchester."
"Go find angel boy."
"Yes that's exactly why." He leaned down to give him a kiss. "Is this my tie?"
"God, Cas," he panted.
"And you're not?"
"No he's just really sad and needs to talk to you."
"Did she pass away?" Castiel asked cautiously.
"What?" Dean asked.
Castiel took off his boxers quickly and then straddled Deans hips. He cautiously opened the bottle of lube squirting a generous amount onto two of his fingers. He reached behind himself, above Dean, and started to work himself open. Cas was normally expected to bottom so he didn't see why this night would be any different and just followed his routine. He tried to work carefully yet quickly because the both of them were very turned on. He closed his eyes when he accidentally brushed his prostate and tried to stifle a groan as he did so.
"I like the sound of that. Castiel Winchester?"
"I gotta say, I did not expect to see you in a skirt tonight." Dean said a smile on his face.
After the phone call hung up Dean went to the bathroom to wash the dry tears off his face. He looked into the mirror and saw Cas crying in his reflection. He bit his lip. He knew it wasn't real. But it hurt like hell. After that he closed the bathroom door and covered the other mirrors in the room because if he was going insane, he wasn't going to see Castiel that way.
"Well he's officially moved in. Things are great. We had sex like four times last night and cuddlefucked ourselves back to sleep this morning."
"Whats wrong?" She asked and signed.
"Yeah..."
"Okay, you stay here and get started on mixing up the spell, I'll find the reaper and you'll know once I killed them," Dean whispered. "Then do the incantation, and we're gonna get him back."
"Well, I'm pretty sure I've got paint in my ass at this point so I'm gonna start the shower." Cas pecked his lips quickly before he stepped into the bathroom. He took one look in the mirror and saw he was a mess. He had at least six hickeys he could see, purple paint all in his hair, multi colored handprints all over his body. One in particular stood alone while most were close together. A single red handprint across his shoulder and bicep. The one Cas had given him as a joke. He smiled softly to himself before an idea popped into his head. He grabbed his phone off the edge of the sink he'd left in there and took a picture of it before actually turning on the shower.
"I want you to. So will you?"
"That seems fitting. So how has your art been going?"
"Gabe? What the hell are you doing here?" Dean whispered.
"Not the worst thing but Gabe, I don't have-"
"You were thinking about it."
"Cas," Dean whimpered.
After Castiel cleaned up from dinner he hurried back to his bedroom to find a very naked Dean. He smiled in the dim light of the bedroom before closing the doors. Castiel was more than ready to crawl into bed for some passion but Dean had a thoughtful expression on his face.
"Feels good?"
"You aren't exactly the most subtle." Clair pointed out. Cas smirked taking a swig of Deans beer. Dean glared at Cas and took his beer back.
"Me too."
"Hello, Castiel."
"Okay, I'll be there in about twenty."
"Yeah. That might be a little hectic. Surely you've noticed your boyfriend can be a pain in the ass."
"You are my muse." Castiel laughed slightly.
"I don't know that's why I'm asking you."
"Me too. I was actually thinking... well, if and when I convince Dean to get on a plane again, I was going to talk to his father."
"Parler bientôt d'accord?" Gabe asked.
February
"That's not it at all. It's about me and It's not fair to you for me to drag you through the water while I'm drowning. I lov-" he sighed looking down. "Goodbye, Cas."
"I believe so. My brother hits on anything with a heartbeat." Castiel joked.
"I could ask you the same." Dean shot back.
"Dean, I need you to spread your legs a little for me, okay?" Dean nodded and complied letting his head fall back into the pillows. A little bit of nervousness was setting in as he heard the cap of lube pop. He tensed slightly before Castiel shushed him. "It's just us, Dean. Okay? Just you and me. Relax. Two fingers, if you don't like it we can go back to before."
"Okay..." Dean said looking down. He leaned in next to softly kiss hotly on Cas's neck, still not voicing what he was asking for.
"We have all night." Castiel said topping off their wine.
"I'm not good for you, Cas." He said lamely.
"Look, I know your not going to let me pay for your meds, or school. But... what if you moved in with me?"
By the time they made it inside Deans apartment they can't even keep their hands off each other long enough to hang up the keys. Cas kicked the door closed while hungrily attacking Deans mouth.
"You don't have to stay human if you don't want to, Cas."
"What kind of game?" Castiel asked.
"He um... kinda walked in on me fucking Inias." Gabe full on spat his coffee causing some strange glances from around the café.
More letters come from his father. Dean doesn't open or read them, but he won't throw them away. He's fairly certain that Sam has opened them, but if he has clearly the letters from his father haven't been significant enough for Sam to mention anything. But Dean is finally at a point in his adult life where he feels content. He's doing good in school, his brother his happy with Gabriel, holidays are coming up and... Cas.
Cas stood in the living room a moment listening to Dean hum a slightly familiar tune.
"After you graduate next week. I have something special planned. Have for a while?"
"Mmhmm." Dean smiled a little proudly.
"Sure why not. Oh also you got mail."
"I'm glad he likes you."
"So, which ones?"
"Are we on a break... or are you breaking up with me?" Castiel sounded like he was trying to act like he wasn't crying and that just made Deans stomach twist.
"You- you feel the same?" He asked shakily, voice faltering with nerves. That hesitation in his voice may have been what sprung him on. Or maybe it was the anticipation, or twelve years of tension, but before he was aware of what he was doing, he got up from his seat and went around to Cas. He pulled the angel up to his feet and before he could protest to his own nerves, he grabbed Castiels face and mashed their lips together.
"What am I supposed to do? I'm trying to medication and trying to self observe-"
"What was," he panted. "What was that?"
"And if I don't like it?"
"Yeah. I can- yeah."
"Oui." Cas hung up before meeting Dean halfway in the living room.
Balthazar was a bit odd. He always wore a V neck and leather jacket and kept his hair spiked in a very Gordon Ramsay type of way. He was definitely sassy and probably acquired his attitude from being as wealthy as he was. Castiel wasn't joking when he said how much Balthazar was paying him for the angel painting of Dean. He did in fact pay him with a check. Castiel even asked Dean- well more or less forced him- into holding it for him. On the check it had Balthazar's name and his business info. But it still read to Castiel James Novak and the big number.
“Jack, it’s okay.” Sam squeezes Jack’s shoulder. “We’re gonna find him, okay? We can always try a tracker spell, maybe it’ll ping something if he has his Grace.”
Dean blinks, and thinks. Thinks as far back as he can go, struggling to remember what they looked like. It might as well be a dream now, or a false memory, of a boy and a girl about his age, with wings as bright as silver and a permanent glow around their heads. He can’t recall their faces, but he remembers their voices, the words they told him about how to comfort his mother, how to tell her that the pain would end and she would be alright, if she stayed strong. Imaginary friends wouldn't do that.
“Damn straight,” Dean says with his chest. “I make a hell of a good Batman.”
Desperately, Dean wants out of this town.
The shower rumbles to life, sending water skittering across tiles. Castiel stares down at the floor and eventually lies back, memory foam greeting him like an old friend. It shouldn't be as comforting as it is, just the mundanity of it, of listening to Dean shower in the other room, of staring at the ceiling waiting for him to return. A ritual they performed in motel rooms across the county, and once or twice at home, when Dean asked him to stay the night.
Outside, the sun steadily rises over the horizon. The clock on the wall reads five, with the minute hand sitting at the base of the plastic dome. Whatever time it is, it’s entirely too early to be waking up like this, but they need to hit the road anyway—and Dean can’t drive with a stiffy all the way to wherever they end up.
“I know.” Dean heaves a breath. A tear slips from beneath an eyelid, trailing down his cheek. “I trust you, alright? You know I do, but it… I’m broken, man. I feel it, and I felt it when you groped around in there, and I’m—I’m scared, okay? What if it doesn't work, and I feel like this for the rest of my life? It’s not like I can take a pill and fix this, it’s not in my head—”
“I understand,” Castiel says, slow. “But this can’t be—This lineage is old, Iofiel. The fact that it’s so well preserved—”
Towel around his waist, Dean opens the door as quietly as he can, in search of his bag. Sam sleeps soundly in his bed, the sheets pulled over his head. From his duffel by the dresser, Dean fishes for a change of briefs and a shirt, only halfway done when someone knocks, barely audible over the heater. Clothes in hand, Dean sneaks over and looks through the peephole—and immediately flushes, his skin hot to the touch.
Sam’s expression falls, verging on sadness. “After Bobby’s place burned, Dean went in looking for it. When we were kids, we’d share a bed whenever dad dumped us off, and I guess it reminded him of when things were easier. Me too.” He sniffs, lifting his mug to his lips. “It’s creature comforts, I guess. Last year, I bought a weighted blanket. It’s helped me sleep, and I swear, I haven’t had a nightmare since.”
“So He’s gone?” Dean asks. “Like, gone gone?”
“You son of a bitch,” Dean growls and stumbles out of bed. Castiel slides his laptop out of the way. Given the chance, and Dean would break it over his knee. “You’re supposed to be a dream—”
“Thought you were hungry,” Dean joshes. He pulls two plates from the cabinet and loads them with several biscuits each, layering them with gravy from the pot on the stove. A pair of forks later, and Dean sets everything between them. “Fastest thing I could make without throwing candy at you. Your blood sugar probably bottomed out.”
“Wish I was a skier,” Dean comments as he sets his bag down by the foot of the bed. Castiel perches near the pillows, his hands in his lap. “You see all that stuff up there? Probably some poor sap’s wet dream.”
With a nod, Castiel takes the plate and a bottle of water and leaves, winding his way through the halls. Jack and Mary chatter on about something, Jack’s voice growing louder when Sam joins, but dimming the further Castiel walks in the opposite direction. Quiet, he raps his knuckles on Dean’s door, waiting for a reply. On the other side, Dean says something, most likely muffled by bedding.
“I need to know.” Because if Dean doesn’t—if Dean regards him purely as a friend—then Castiel will live the rest of his life with love festering in his chest, with no cure for the infection. “Dean, I…” A breath. “It’s okay. If you think of me as a friend, as your brother, as you once called me, then I’m happy to play the part. But I won’t pretend that what I feel for you isn’t genuine. That what I feel… is all too human, and all too real.”
“Someone sent hellhounds,” Castiel continues, garnering Bobby’s full attention. “As far as we can tell, no deals were made with any crossroads demons, and after an investigation, no hex bags or sulfur were found on the property.”
“What, are you gonna propose?” Dean asks, his cheeks hot from the temperature and not from the smirk Castiel gives him. “You gonna start keeping secrets?”
"Sold my art."
"Where?"
"I can sing for you, Dean," Cas smiled. "But you will have to talk to me about these things. So I know."
Later that night when they were curled up in bed sated and giggly, Dean still had fine tremors running through his body as they kept tangled together in the sweaty sheets. A sudden thought occurred to Dean so he turned his face and nosed at Cas's jaw.
"Maybe that song."
"You care about him." Gabe said.
"I know. And I know they're not real,  but they keep saying that I made you up."
"You've got an answer. Cause let me tell you something. No one cares that you're broken, clean up your damn mess."
"In a minute." He replied, his voice was rasp and horse and when he sniffled, Cas knew he'd been crying and his heart sank.
Castiel had done a light sketch of Dean last night when I was sprawled out in the sheets. That's why he kept looking at him. He was drawing him. The sketch is unmistakably Dean and if it wasn't the colors are a dead giveaway. Dean blushed too at the sight of an almost practically nude portrait of himself, but it was amazing. Castiel truly had a skill and the fact that Cas had used his talents to stay up at night and early morning to draw a sleepy Dean Winchester, was enduring.
When Dean stepped into the library after Sam, Cas's back was facing him. He felt warmth spread in his chest so he leaned down and kissed the top of his head making the angel smile before sitting next to him. The four of them spent hours talking and drinking, just catching up and sharing random stories from the past. Dean couldn't help the way his heart leaped in his chest every time he saw Cas smile. That beautiful gleam in his blue eyes, they way his eyes crinkled in the corners from age. He was just as beautiful today as he was the day Dean first met him. Even then he was battling between his hatred and attraction for the mysterious angel. Times sure have changed.
"Single." He said, grinning lightly to himself.
"Oh." Cas said plainly as if it were any normal conversation and not a serious discussion about mental health and disability.
"We can go to bed... doesn't mean we have to go to sleep."
"You're not insane, Dean."
"Cuddlefuck. Y'know, like mostly asleep morning sex?"
"I see," he smiled a little at Deans nervous shifting. "You want that Xanax now?"
When Castiel got home, the flat was empty. He set his keys in the bowl by the door before shredding off his trench coat and hanging it in the closet. He went into the kitchen and pulled out some chicken to thaw for dinner. He threw away a wrapper he must've left on the counter that morning but stopped when he looked into the trash. There was an envelope torn in half. Castiel tilted his head curiously before pulling it out. He found the other half and realized that it hadn't been opened, simply just torn up and thrown away without a second glance. But Castiel frowned when he saw who it was from.
"Yes. I believe I would." Castiel smiled softly.
"What's wrong?"
"No. Gabe left once he was eighteen. To be honest I don't even know what Gabe is, but it's not my place to ask. If I had to guess I would say he is pansexual."
He walked out into the living room to find Inias flipping through a sketchbook. Normally he wouldn't mind someone, especially an old friend like Inias going through his work. But he recognized the sage green cover and bolted to take it out of his hands.
"What?" Dean scoffed not even believing his own words as they next came out of his mouth. "Look Cas is hot. He's great in bed-"
"I'll get us some breakfast." He said sitting up. He kissed Cas's cheek and got out of bed. He looked down and grimaced at his soiled boxers before stepping out of them. He put on a clean pair and opted for his robe since he didn't feel like putting on his cold denim. He smiled at a very flustered Cas in the bed before walking out to the kitchen. He wanted to get back to bed as soon as possible so he popped some eggo waffles in the toaster. Sam came out a moment later to pour a cup of coffee. He looked like he'd been up a while. Miracle followed right behind Sam's feet and Dean ducked down to pet him. When he stood back to his feet, Sam was smirking behind the brim of his mug.
"Death mostly. But they keep telling them that you're one of them."
"He's gone." Dean sighed.
"Baby, what's wrong?" He whispered trying not to make Dean cry again. Deans chin quivered before he took a placating breath.
"First you just want a one night stand, then you want to sleep together. You say you don't want a relationship or don't want to date. They you want to date me but only commit once before not seeing me again days after. I don't know what you want."
He sat up from the bed, idly wiping away his snot and tears as he picked up the jacket, looking for what caused the noise. He set it on the desk and looked around on the floor until he saw a stark black price of metal. He didn't know what it was at first until her squatted down to pick it up and held it in between his thumb and forefinger. And it finally felt like he had won something.
Around the same time as Inias.
Their time alone went by quickly, unfortunately. Dean and Cas were making out pretty heavily in the library when they heard the bunker door open. Dean wanted to groan he was so disappointed. He loved Sam and Eileen, they weren't the problem. But he was seriously thinking about moving out with Cas. Then they could be alone whenever they wanted. Sam and Eileen came back home and despite his reservations, Dean smiled as he was able to see a little bit of a baby bump forming. All in all, he was looking forward to being an uncle.
"I love you so fucking much." Dean sniffled.
"I wasn't gonna let him talk about you like that. If it was just me, fine. But not you. You have dealt with too much homophobic assholes in your life and I'm not having it."
"Can we keep these?"
"I don't know what you're talking about." Dean defended, which was such bullshit.
"Yeah. They uh, put a little piece of paper in there. It usually says some cheap cliché quote. But they're for fun." Cas nodded and opened his.
"We are dating, yes."
Castiel worked his hands into the muscles of Deans back and shoulder blades, up to his neck and eventually his arms slowly but surely draining the tension from them. Soon enough, Dean was fully relaxed and Castiel shifted above him to climb off.
Dean looked up at Sam. His hair was mused from tucking it behind his ears so many times, his eyes were soft and pleading with dark circles underneath them. He was always good at the puppy dog eyes but he was not going to win him over with this one.
"You wanna come upstairs?" Dean asks.
When he woke up the next morning, his neck was stiff, his eyes were glued shut and his nose was dry and sore from rubbing and blowing it last night. He sat up and groaned at the ache in his muscles from another restless night of sleep after a fit of tears. He rubbed the crust from his eyes and got out of bed. He shuffled tiredly into the kitchen, smiling at Eileen at the table.
"How long have you lived in France?" He asked.
Castiels hands instantly flew to Deans shoulders as his knees buckled. Dean stroked him quickly yet tightly. Dean leaned up and kissed Castiel sloppily from the angle, but then kissed down his neck. He nipped and sucked marks into Castiels collarbone and pulse enjoying the little whimpers and shivers it got him. A few minutes later, Castiel was thrusting into Deans fist groaning loudly. He came with a harsh gasp painting Deans chest in his spend. Dean watched the man unravel above him and took immense pleasure in seeing the utter look of ecstasy painted across his features. Dean milked him through his orgasm until Castiel whimpered from the over sensitivity. Dean had never had an experience like this one before so he simply wanted to try. He licked a single finger of his clean in the heat of the moment and was surprised at the fact that he wasn't disgusted.
"Right, yeah no."
"Okay?" Gabriel searched.
Cas came into the bathroom and they hopped in together as they cleaned the paint from each others bodies and hair. And Dean smirked the whole time he cleaned his spend off of Cas's face at the memory of putting it there.
"Want the truth? I'm batshit. I'm mental. I'm manic, suicidal, psychotic, delusional, insane. I'm a goddamn train wreck. And it's not fair for me to put that on your brother."
It took a minute for those words to kick in. And then he thought about what he had said to Cas earlier. Fuck he was an idiot.
"Yeah!" Came the reply before Sam came running up to him. The two of them looked around before they heard the clink of chains and turned their attention behind themselves.
"Oh man!" She punched him in the shoulder. "I was at the art show in Paris. I loved your angel paintings. And then I saw you in a news article with some blonde guy and- I'm a huge fan. Could I possibly get an autograph?"
"Get out of here!" The man scolded.
"Of course." Dean answered. No question.
Once he was in the bedroom, Dean gently pushed him on the bed. Castiel closed his eyes as Dean took off his shoes. Dean lifted his limp legs a bit and forced his feet under the covers. He also helped Castiel roll onto his side so if he had to throw up he wouldn't choke. Dean went into the bathroom and came out with the garbage bin and set it next to the bed. Castiels body was numb and tingling, he was on the cusp of sleep when Dean came back in with a glass of water.
“Just thinking.”
“Did he do anything to you?”
“Look.” Hopping down, Dean plops into the chair next to Castiel, the back thudding against the wall. “It was twenty years ago, and I’ve… It’s over. I’ve got other things on my plate. Like, Missouri’s got me teaching addition and subtraction next week, and I’ve never taught solo before, and I’m still trying to get your paper done, and my brain’s fried.” He inhales through his nose, holding it for as long as he can. “Now all I’m thinking about is how Penny’s gonna run off and tell her brother how ungrateful I am.”
“It was demons,” Dean says between breaths. The room spins. He leans against the wall, waiting for the stars to disappear. “I got a call the other day, demanding that I pay your ransom. Said they’d had you stashed away down here and if I didn't show up, they’d kill you.” A pause. “It’s been four months, Cas. I’ve done everything I could to find you, and this was… It sounded solid. A lot better than any of the other bullshit I’ve looked into. Hell, they described you down to what color socks you were wearing.”
Dean would laugh, if he hadn’t had the same exact dream, except entirely different, with him being sucked to the bottom of the ocean, drowning in vivid detail. Every once in a while, that dream comes up, again and again, especially in times of stress. At some point in the night, it faded away, and he slept for a few blissful hours uninterrupted, comforted by silence and the inescapable press of something that no longer tangibly exists. He looks in the direction of the barn, stomach sour. “Yeah,” he yawns, “tell me about it.”
In said aisle, Castiel finds a gaudy array of flip flops and a woman standing a few feet away, her red hair tied back into a braid and her arms folded across her chest. She looks up at him with a quick, forced grin, then turns away—then jerks her entire body in his direction, her eyes narrowed. “Have I seen you before?” she asks, a brow lifted.
Castiel joins him, surprisingly, seated in a plastic lawn chair with a wet washcloth over his eyes, his feet in the pool. Idle, Dean plays with his ankle, toying with the hairs dotting his toes.
Castiel sighs, sounding more distressed than exhausted. “I would say you should sleep, but I suspect you’ve been up all night.”
Dean drives around town for a long while, a few miles per hour under the speed limit as they travel down long, narrow roads in the middle of nowhere. Fields pass by occasionally, dotted by crops just beginning to burst into bloom and others filled with horses. The radio plays, set to medium as it drones over the noise of the wind whipping through the windows. The sun burns Castiel’s right side, when they pull onto a straightaway, every bit as awful as it was when Charlie insisted they sit outside to eat.
“Jesus Christ,” Dean hisses and stumbles his way out of bed, in search of his robe. Castiel crawls out after him, pulling his shirt down and willing the hardness in his pants to subside. “I thought he said he wasn’t coming back.”
“Mary.” Castiel covers her hand, pressing his fingertips into her palm. “What his father did, that’s not why he’s here.”
“You gonna tell me what you’re gonna do to me after that?” Dean asks.
“I may have taken advantage of your celestial origins,” Castiel replies. He offers a hand, and Dean takes it. “I can heal you—”
Ducking her head, Mary hides a laugh. “I’m glad he has a friend like you. You know, years ago, I thought watching the two of my boys leave for college would kill me, but they’re both doing so well. Dean’s so much… happier, when he doesn’t have to think about everything.”
More than enough of an answer for him. Dean surges on him again, meeting Castiel in the middle. Fingers grapple with his shirt, yanking and tugging, and Dean rears up and pulls it over his head, only to feel Castiel’s hands on him, tracing his scars, palming up his stomach. Incessant, his heart pounds, unsure of where to touch first and what to taste.
“They probably figure I’m disgracing their chances to monetize me,” Castiel sighs. “They want me to become a lawyer for their firm. They’ve become so desensitized to the people they represent, they refuse to go out of their way to feel sympathetic for them, and all I saw of them was their humanity.” Leaning his head back, he closes his eyes. “I haven’t seen the world through the eyes of someone unlike myself. And I wanted to use this as an opportunity to learn and to teach others. It may not help many, but if my research helps at least one person, then I consider it well-worth the effort.”
More horrifying, though, is the shattered windshield and the blood on the driver’s side window. Pulling to a stop, Castiel steps out of the Continental, heart in his throat. His body moves before his brain has a chance to think about the multitude of possibilities.
Outside, the trees gust, and a steady rain falls, pinging on the roof of the Impala and the old Ford. Lit only by the light from Dean’s lone lamp, Dean watches Castiel tread closer, cast in a fluorescent glow. Gradually, he unbuttons his button-down. Dean swallows, fear settling into his gut. “Cas—”
For once, he doesn’t care. Typically he prides himself on his stamina, but after an entire lifetime spent without an orgasm, he takes what he can get. White-knuckled, Dean fists the shower wall and holds his breath, stroking the head of his cock as quickly as he can manage, acutely aware of the noise even above the shower spray. Hopefully, Castiel isn’t listening, because in the next second, he comes with a strangled moan, his spend hitting the tiles and spilling down the drain.
Castiel waits until solar noon before drawing the sigil in a clearing in the middle of the junkyard. Coat cast off, he traces out the shape of a circle with his sword, then follows it with a square aligned with the cardinal points. Dean joins in with the butt end of a rake, filling in the gaps with Enochian script. Afterward, Castiel douses the earth with holy oil while Dean holds a matchbook.
Alastair charges, blade raised. Castiel dodges the first blow, sidestepping and managing to swing a leg out, catching Alastair’s foot. Alastair collapses and loses the blade, but stands before Castiel has a chance to grab for it, slamming his clawed first into Castiel’s nose. Blood pours and peppers the floor. Castiel backs away, barely managing to block Alastair’s next hit. Again and again, Alastair grapples for him, sinking his claws in through his button-down, and Castiel fights back, squeezing his wrists, breaking his bones.
“No we won’t.” Shuddering, Dean doesn’t bother holding back his sob. “I’m gonna—they’re gonna kill you, and they’re gonna take me away, or they’ll grab both of us and—I can’t go through that again. I can’t die again, I can’t—”
Inside the property sits the wreckage of every mangled wreck in Pontiac and the surrounding cities, all of them irreparable save for a few. His heart breaks at the sight of every demolished Cadillac or Oldsmobile, and the one Nash in the corner that could be restored given the right attention.
“No.” Castiel scoots closer, turning his chair. “No, I think it does. But Dean, you’re… You’re not relegated here forever. You can leave and come back whenever you wish. I know you’re afraid—”
. A lie, though—given the chance, and Sam would’ve run back to school if Dean had let him go. Finding John was a means to an end. After that, being together served no purpose, and they both could’ve moved on. But instead, Dean died, and Sam grieved what they lost and never had, all on his own.
Somewhere along the way, Dean lost track of the days.
“Good enough. Nobody called anyone names. They were all here for one reason, so they put down their torches every Sunday and called a truce in the name of Jesus.” He shakes his head and sits at Castiel’s side. “Least that’s what my mama says. I ain’t been to church in years.”
“Anywho.” Benny snuffs out his cigarette in a jade-green ashtray, leaving it to smolder. “Got class tomorrow.”
“They sense something celestial has stepped foot onto this plane,” Castiel says, looking down. “The presence of an angel sends off a wave across the planet. They know I’m here, but they aren’t aware of why.”
Soft, Castiel smiles. “That’s good. I know you value your time.”
Castiel wings expand in reply. “Very much,” he says. “I’ll see you, Dean Winchester.”
But Sam is just as stubborn. Always has been, especially behind the wheel of the car, and as they round into turn three, he makes his move and guns it, sliding past Adam with inches to spare. Adam bumps his rear the second he makes it through the turn, but Sam keeps it steady, probably white knuckling the steering wheel. Just watching him, Dean can’t breathe. He already knows the outcome, but watching the final lap of any race reminds him of why he stuck with racing in the first place, because of the excitement, the adrenaline of fighting for your life at the very last moment, and the rush once you cross the line with the checkered flag waving just ahead.
“No.” Castiel laughs, probably against his better judgment. “Not that I wouldn't mind. Dean, look at me.” Dean does, albeit with some apprehension. “I’m not a memory. I’m not a fantasy that you replay every night, in the hopes of seeing me again. You have me. You can touch me, do what you want with me, and I’ll still be here, as I’ll always be.” Another kiss. Dean holds him tighter, his hand shaking. “Forgive me if I overstay my welcome.”
He could, considering his schedule. Many of his interviews take place during the week, and his weekends consist of data compilation and outlining. If anything, he should begin writing in a month at the earliest, leaving him with enough free time to actually enjoy himself, if he came across the occasion. “I’m having trouble distancing myself from my work,” Castiel admits. “I haven’t taken a weekend for myself since before college.”
. “Yeah,” he answers with a kiss. Castiel smiles against his lips, and a part of Dean he never knew existed fills, made whole. “Of course, Cas.”
“You know I would.”
And Dean
Weather in Las Vegas in September is a nightmare, a sweltering landscape that Dean is secretly thankful he doesn’t have to drive in today. From the spotter’s stand, he watches Sam make his way through the pack as the crowd roars for their favorite driver, the noise reaching a fever pitch when someone in the middle spins and takes out three drivers in the process. The yellow flag waves, and all cars form a single file, slowing to a reasonable speed behind the pace car.
Castiel considers him, head cocked at an angle before he dives in—again—nipping at one of the many marks he left on Dean’s throat. Head thrown back, Dean lets him, lip between his teeth while Castiel latches on and
Getting Castiel’s clothes off is a struggle.
Dean touches Castiel’s hand, lacing their fingers together. “You make it sound like we’re married.” He shakes his head, avoiding Castiel’s smile and Sonia’s incessant meows. “Don’t remember ever hitting up a chapel.”
Palming his face, he winces at the smell of his breath. Someone put him in bed with his pants and socks on and threw the sheets over top of him. Dried sweat sticks to his skin, and a headache pounds behind his eyes. At least he has a day to get over it.
Thankfully, Castiel doesn’t have to look far. Turning the knob as quietly as he can, he takes a step into the hall to find Dean standing in the doorway feet from him, dressed in sweatpants and a matching shirt, with the sleeves nearly covering his hands. His hair sticks in every direction, and he’s squinting under the fluorescent glow, with pillow creases embedded into half of his face.
“No.” Castiel closes his eyes, still gripping Dean’s hair by the root. “She’s in a holy place. Somewhere close.”
Castiel doesn’t. In fact, Castiel steps away, turning his back. It’s an answer—but not the one Dean wants.
“I dug all night, and I—I had to bury you.” A breath. “Dad always said pyres were a hunter’s burial, but I couldn't do that. I couldn't watch you burn, just after we lost dad. I had nothing, Dean, and I panicked. I hotwired a car and I went to Bobby, but I couldn't get out. I never—I didn't tell him where you were buried, because I didn't remember. It all happened so fast, and by the time I came out of it—I was in California. I was standing outside my old apartment, and I—”
The sheer number of discount stores gives Castiel pause. Just driving around town, he counts at least six of them, all varying names and franchises, and all located in equally small strip malls. Older-model cars sit parked a few feet from the entrances of each, with families loitering instead of driving off, or kids chasing each other or screaming.
Bobby huffs, probably his version of a laugh. “Don’t trash my house,” he says, turning his back. “I locked up all my good whiskey in the attic.”
Castiel calls out something that sounds like his name, but Dean ignores him. Ignores anything that isn’t the stairs under his feet. Upstairs, he stumbles his way into one of the few bedrooms and closes the door, refusing to touch the lock. Not yet. Because some part of him, some horribly sentimental part of him, wants Castiel to chase after him, to apologize, to… to
Dean dodges the falling corpse, only to back into one of the creatures, who grabs him by the throat and hoists him into the air. The remaining four vampires stop, hissing and spitting at Castiel while their leader looks Dean over with lust in his eyes. This one looks more humanoid, a head taller than Castiel and with more color to his face. Blood gleams from his fangs and spills from his lips, and only then does Castiel realize where the blood is coming from, dripping between the creature’s fingers, pouring from Dean’s neck. Try as he can, Dean can’t fight him off, and the creature only grins and squeezes him harder.
"What do you want, Gabriel?"
"What's that?" Dean asked. Cas lifted his face and blinked into Deans eyes.
"So am I on the clock?" Dean just grinned before running back to the Impala.
Dean didn't respond.
Dean and Castiel got married in June the next year. They had a small wedding in their own backyard that Charlie had decorated for them. And yes, Castiel finally convinced Dean to wear a dress. He had blushed about it, but all in all it was just for fun. Although, Dean wearing that tight white dress was a true sight to behold.
It was just then that Dean really heard the slur in Castiels voice.
The man looked at a loss for words but also angry and Castiel was genuinely scared.
"Huh?"
"Believe me I've noticed." Sam smirked and shot an exaggerated wink. Dean tried to tamper down a laugh. "So, how are you?"
"I broke it off with Inias after what happened with Dean."
"Yeah." She pulled a sharpie out of her pocket along with a cloth handkerchief.
"I get it if you don't want to be around me. I don't even want to be around me when I'm like this."
"And you?" Dean asked blushing behind his drink.
"What about this one?" Dean asks kissing the weird minimalist line on the inside of Cas's left forearm.
Dean hadn't told Cas, but he stopped taking his meds. The whispers were still there but the shadows didn't come back. He felt fine for the most part, but he was more than anything, excited to give Castiel something he hadn't given him in weeks.
Eileen put the cards away while continuing talking with Cas at the table. Sam and Dean walked into the kitchen and started to wash the dishes from dinner before making conversation.
"I dunno."
"My oh my. And here I thought I'd lost you for good." She smirked deviously at Castiel.
"If you want, yes."
"Mm, but they are conducive for easy access." Dean smirked grabbing Cas's ass through the pleated fabric. Cas leaned in close for a long lingering kiss letting their tongues mangle together for a moment. Once they separated his eyes were dark and observant as they were both panting for air.
"Well, I think Gabriel is going to take your brother home. Do you want to get out of here as well?" Castiel whispered. When Dean turned his face to meet his, those green eyes burned through his soul and it took everything he had not to kiss Dean right then and there.
"Dean,"
"Fea- like from his wings?" Sam asked confusion increasing.
"Yeah. Real good kid."
"I don't want to know," Gabe mumbled over him.
"I got his phone info and stuff. I was gonna set up a Skype call tonight if you wanted to say hi to him with me."
"Why do you want men? Women are what you need." He said in that thick accent of his.
"Are you gonna tell him? I told him about Cas. He seemed pretty fine with the whole gay thing."
"I don't know if you know, but I've been praying to you. Every night. I think about you every day, and I'm here because I'm not giving up on you. You have never given up on me, and I will never give up on you. No matter what, we always find each other. So come home free bird. Come home to me." Deans eyes stung with tears. The idea came over him and even though he was self conscious, he thought it could work.
Dean bites his lip—then speaks, the words coming out in a rush. “A few weeks after Sam went to college, dad left. He always left, he’d dump me at the first motel he could find and take the Impala, or he’d hotwire a car and be gone for a month. Point is, I was alone, and I kept getting these… headaches.”
Sitting up, Castiel rubs his eyes with his bandaged hands. So much for privacy and a nap; Castiel laments the loss, even for the few waking minutes he had.
Castiel wraps his arms around his front, facing the television. In the dark, Dean can’t see his face in the reflection—doesn’t know if he’d be able to stomach looking at him, either. Soft, Dean pulls free from the covers and knees his way across the mattress, coming to rest a few inches from Castiel. “It looks better,” he says in consolation. He traces his thumb down the scar where once, Castiel’s wings sprouted. “Don't think it’s infected.”
On a spiritual level, Castiel knows Dean does. Has known for years, even when the world tore them apart, when their situation put them at odds. Dean always forgave him, and Castiel loves him for that, and many other reasons. Gentle, Dean turns Castiel’s hand over, thumbing along the crease running up his palm before slicing into it. Rather than blood, Grace spills free, and Dean brings it to his mouth, capturing it behind full lips. Bright blue sparks in his eyes.
Drastic measures, apparently, includes weapons modifications.
Someone cries out from the other side of the door. Checking her watch, Missouri lets out a sigh, and Dean wants to cry all over again.
“Wasn’t thinking.” Uncovering his eyes, Dean blinks at the ceiling. “Gonna sound like a dick if I say I haven’t thought about it, but it’s true.”
“Not this time.” Dean bows his head. “I really, really don't. Think about it, man. What if you were in the same spot? What if I’d just found you half dead with fucking—gangrene or something, and the only way I could save you is if I cut off your leg without asking you? It’s the same damn thing, I cut off a fucking limb. He woke up screaming, he was so…”
"Ready?" Gabriel asked.
Dean woke up the next morning to an empty bed. He grumbled discontentedly as he shuffled out of the sheets and stumbled to his feet. Once he was standing he was very aware of the soreness of his ass and smiled to himself before going to use Cas's bathroom. He didn't want to bother with putting his jeans back on, especially with how numb his legs still were from last night's activities and sleep, so he put on a silky white bathrobe he found in the bathroom.
Morning.
"Jesus," he whispered. "Dean, we can work this out. Together. Just- just come home and we'll talk about this. I am willing to do whatever it takes to make this right."
Dean reached into his suit pocket and pulled out one that Castiel had found for him and handed it to the little girl.
"I love it." Dean says those words and he's honestly not sure if he is talking about the painting or the painter.
Dean almost went a little crazy at the realization that his boyfriend was going to be wealthy. Cas was a painter. An artist. Throughout the show Dean waited as Cas had to stop and hand out autographs. His boyfriend was going to be famous. Which led those whispers to ask. Why is he with you? You can't even get a job. You're broken, why would he want you?
They kissed a long time, wrapped up in the feeling of each other. Getting to explore this side of things. Eventually their lips were numb and tongues tingly, breathing raged so they parted, albeit hesitantly.
"I love you too." He turned towards the audience and tapped the mic. "Thank you for everyone coming out here for my art. A huge thanks to my fiancé and I will see you later."
"You can't just stop talking to me." Castiel said once he was inside.
Kissing Inias was different than he remembered. At least this time he tried to participate and Inias seemed to like it just fine, but Castiel couldn't help but compare it to Deans kisses. Deans were always so gentle yet firm. The kind that makes you breathless even before it begins, but with Inias it was just... sad. Like giving someone a goodbye kiss and perhaps it was, after all this time. Still Inias was caught up enough to suggest they go back to Cas's place.
"Okay... but Sam, this will come with consequences. Making a new Death? Look how that panned out last time."
"So talk to me. Tell me these things. If you didn't like it, then we could've gotten you a different prescription. I don't want you to be scared, Dean."
Anything. Dean responded. Like he wouldn't totally worship the ground Cas walked on if he asked.
But no. No, he's not. He could hear that voice again.
And just like that he was gone from his life again. Only now there was someone else who may be gone from his life and he couldn't let that happen. Castiel quickly pulled out his phone to text Dean.
"Shut up and kiss me." Cas chuckled.
"It's okay, Cas. I forgive you."
"What your still on Olanzapine?" Sam asked.
The third letter.
"Yeah. I'll be at Cas's so I don't care."
"And..." Cas started. "Donna, you're Samantha's god mother. It was unanimous."
"Oh. Yeah okay." He sighed. If Castiel was certain he almost saw a look of disappointment on his face.
"Maybe," he replied sheepishly.
"Oh you're going to see him again?" Sam asked not even trying to hold his smile back.
"How was your weekend?" Cas asked as Sam set their duffles down on the table.
"Well Cas, I'm John. It's nice to meet you."
"Then obviously we don't do it again."
One Week Later
"Oh shut up." Sam grumbled.
"Of course. Double or single?" She smiled.
"Are you ready to go?"
"What's it called?" Dean asked taking a sip of his coffee.
"Excited?" Cas smiled when he saw it.
"Can I talk to you?"
"No, I can't. Because you wouldn't understand. Hell, I don't even understand."
"My... friend Junior year?" Sam nodded. "Yeah, why?"
"Okay, it's very much like you to drink everything away. But it's not like you to do that after a hunt. And, fucks sake Dean, we just saved the whole damn world! Again." Dean simply rolled his eyes. "Look, I know this has to do with Cas. So just talk to me. What happened?"
I have moved to France with my brother. I want you to know this is not your fault, and that I will miss you truly. These past five months have been some of the greatest days of my life. You were my first boyfriend, my first kiss, my first love, my first everything. I hope to see you one day again.
"Maybe, but I do." Sam said. The demon looked at him and back at Dean before Dean began to bargain.
"You give acceptable, blowjobs." Dean said with a look that said even he knew he was full of shit.
Castiel woke in the middle of the night to an empty bed. It wasn't unlike Dean- or himself for that matter- to get out of bed in the middle of the night. He pulled back the covers stretching and yawning before walking out into the living room. Dean wasn't there but he could see him on the balcony outside in the dim light of the lamp he'd left on. Castiel opened the glass door and wrapped his arms around Deans shoulders, kissing the back of his neck.
"Cas and I are together." Dean almost laughed at Jodys stunned face.
"I love you." Cas whispered.
"You think I'll look like Sam Heughan?" Dean asked and gestured to the tall muscular Scot on the television.
"And I know the whole... me liking guys thing might seem new, but it's not. And with Cas... I don't know I just feel like there's so much more he can offer than anyone else. I know you're pretty open minded about this stuff, but I just don't want you to think less of me."
"And I thought I wasn't a morning person," he chuckled. "Sam made breakfast. We should get up."
The two of them ate in that night on the couch. Dean was restless the entire time sitting there and Cas couldn't blame him.
"How?" Dean asked popping open his second beer.
Dean lit up and the two of them smoked back and forth sharing lazy kisses in between hits. Eventually after the show was over, Cas decided to play his own version of 'Pictionary' which basically consisted of Dean guessing what the sex position Cas was sketching was called. They laughed and kissed and laughed harder until their stomachs ached and jaws were sore. Dean fell asleep with his head buried into Cas's stomach a smile on his face and warmth in his heart.
"I know it's stupid, but it just seemed fitting for you." Dean said handing over the item. Castiel took it and unfolded it holding it up.
So far it wasn't unpleasant, in fact Dean was surprised to find himself whimpering for more. Slowly but surely, Castiel inserted the pad of his first finger inside of Dean. Dean gasped at the intrusion before relaxing a bit more into it. It was weird to be sure, not what he was expecting. It wasn't unpleasant, but it wasn't exactly exhilarating either. But it sparked something in him that made him wondering for more. Castiel worked slowly pushing his finger all the way in and twisting it slightly. He wasn't entirely sure when it went from something not unpleasant to downright electric but he found himself pushing down to take Castiels finger deeper.
"Can you roll over? I want to see you while we do this." Dean smiled as he flipped over. Once he was on his back his hands instantly flew to Castiel, pulling him down for a toothy kiss. Cas fumbled to reach the lube he set on the bed while still kissing Dean.
The next morning was a little bit awkward. They packed up and headed out only saying a few words to each other. They were fine once they were on the road again, but it was different. Dean had given himself to Cas. In every possible way, and that scared him. It had never been that way with a lover. He had never been able to think such poetic things, never lost himself in those physical sensations. What he and Cas did was beyond sex, and he didn't know how he felt about that.
"No. I don't." He said rubbing a hand over his face.
"Yes. Head of Richard Roman Enterprises. He wants to buy some of my paintings!"
"Really?" She asked with soft eyes that made Dean melt. Cas nodded at her. "What's it about?"
Dear Inias,
"Then you should've said that!"
By the time it was just the two of them and they were in bed again cuddled close, neither of them were really tired.
"Mmm the ones in the sage book?"
"Nerdy angel 'til the day you die, ain't you Cas?"
"About what?"
"Morning, baby. Waffles okay?" Cas smiled in return.
"Shoot."
"No it's not but, it is what it is."
He thought about how much his life has changed since Dean. He saw the pictures Dean and him had taken together and put up on the walls. Most of them taken on their trips, he knew there were more in their bedroom too. He looked at the couch and how since Dean moved in, it was never without a at least one pillow or blanket. He looked at the Christmas card he had made special for Dean that Dean had propped up on the credenza. There were mugs in the cabinets with funny phrases on them, tacky useless items that Dean got just to make him smile. Dean wasn't just a part of his life, Dean was his life.
"Kelly, where is Jack now?" Cas asked.
"Well, that's the last of it." Sam said as he left the nursery. Not his nursery, but Dean and Cas's.
"Okay."
John. H. Winchester.
"If you're done, I would like to fuck you sometime tonight. Unless you've changed your mind?"
Cas helped him stand onto shaky feet and held him close as he put the letters spread on the table back into the box. He closed and they headed back inside. Once they were in the bedroom, he helped Dean back out of his jeans so he was in just his boxers and Dean decided to take off his t-shirt as well. In the dim light of the bedroom, Castiel noticed Dean looked a little skinnier. He had always had a soft tummy from always cooking and eating, but he had obviously lost some weight and that worried Cas a bit. He bit his lip and didn't say anything as he lowered him into the bed and tucked him tight. He turned off the lamp and crawled into bed pulling Dean tight against his chest. He stroked his hair trying to soothe his lover more and stop his trembling.
Is there a problem with that?
"Are you finally going to give up on your celibacy kick?"
"Oh really? What?" He said eyes gleaming. His eyes widened and he smirked when Dean started to take off his suit jacket and worked on his buttons. "Hon, this is a public event."
"Tu as fait parfait."
"You're crazy, mushrooms are amazing. Want me to invite Sam and Gabe over?"
"What about you Dean?"
"Do you think you could finish like this? Without me touching you?" He gasped out.
"No... but you did." Sam laughed a little. Dean made a face of confusion, mainly embarrassed at what Sam was implying. Then Sam had to make it worse my mocking him. "'Fuck, Cas... Dean, mmm'. Dude, the walls are thin."
Dean was so disoriented he didn't even recognize his own brothers voice for a moment. He disarmed his gun and set it on the island before turning around to see the glass bottle of milk shattered and spilled all over the floor.
"So, how are we gonna do this?" Dean asked.
"You can't leave! I own you and everyone in here. The empty isn't just a place, it is my being!"
"And if I don't?"
"And then there was Lisa Braeden. A few one night stands. And uh... Lee."
"This place will bring you nothing but pain upon pain. Believe me, Jack." Cas bargained.
Inias was his first boyfriend. Castiel was sixteen at the time, a Junior in high school. He still lived with his parents Chuck and Naomi and his sisters Anna and Hannah. He met Inias in art first, and then in French. They became friends at first simply sharing antidotes and notes in class. Castiel had never imagined that he would catch feelings for Inias.
Deans had one night stands. Plenty. It was never too awkward because he know he was never going to see them again. Even with the other women he's dated, it's never been like this. But he supposes it's not so much the fact that he's a man as opposed to the fact that they've now shared something beyond what he's given to any other woman. Not even with Lisa or Cassie had he ever been so... present.
"Dudes! You're getting me in the feels. Anyways congrats! Imma go find my date." She winked leaving them alone again.
Dean took one last look in the mirror with the intention of putting his clothes back on, but then he moved. The smooth slide of the silk was to comfortable for him to want to change out of. So instead he just put his clothes back on over top and wandered around Cas's flat. He watered all his plants before sending Castiel the pictures smiling when Cas typed back.
"I was. I just- Sam and Gabe left and I thought... I thought you might be hungry."
"How come you've never been to the beach, by the way?"
"Please..." Death sighed and rolled his eyes before taking them out of his hands and adjusting them. Dean could hear the sounds of Metallica playing from the headphones before Death placed them over his ears and grimaced at the music. Dean took a few steps away trying to forget that he wasn't alone before he started to call out again.
"I'm not! I've moved on from him, believe me."
"Inias?"
"There. Now I can call or text you when I'm feeling frisky. You too can do the same." Castiel winked.
"So this whole, depressed, drinking, insomnia, loathing fit, has nothing to do with Cas?"
"And what can I do for-" the demon stopped when he saw Dean. It took Dean a minute and he had to do a double take when he realized the boy demon staring back at him.
"I'm not lying to you."
By the fifth letter Deans eyes welled with tears.
He stopped on the way too look at his canvas once more, silently noting the fact that there was much more green in there than intended. He strode into the archway in the kitchen to find Dean already at the stove. Castiel couldn't resist but to pinch his ass on his way to the coffee maker. Dean jumped but smiled at him nonetheless as Castiel started a pot for the both of them.
"Wow just," he swallowed his mouth insanely dry. "Yeah. Wow... but what about you? I- shit I didn't mean to-"
"He said fuck yesterday." Dean muttered.
"I agree."
Dean had just stopped by Cas's even though his plants didn't need watered. He just wanted to feel close to him.
As he was hurling all the alcohol from last night up he remembered the bin by his bed as an afterthought. But he continued to dry heave into the toilet until he was done. He got to his feet on shaky legs and went to open the medicine cabinet. Barely opening his eyes he grabbed some aspirin and swallowed them dry. He rubbed at his eyes and grimaced down at his now dirty shirt.
"Dieu tu es incroyable."
Dean hurried out of the his and had never been thankful for anything more when Cas didn't try to follow. He shoved the Impala into drive a little rougher than necessary and drove a little faster than usual to get back to his own place.
"What?"
"I'm sorry. Fuck. I- I gotta go."
"So what about your Dad? You don't talk about him much. Did you get it from him?"
The man looked taken back by the fact that Dean understood him. So much so that Cas would've laughed if he wasn't so scared as to what could happen. The man simply sighed.
"Name the last time." Castiel actually had to stop and think.
smut warning, bipolar and apeiraphobia
The next morning though, Chuck and Naomi were up a little earlier than expected. Castiel awoke to his mother crying in his doorway as she saw him and Inias naked under the covers together. Inias had scrambled out of the covers and put his clothes on before kissing Castiel goodbye with a quick "I love you." Before he left for the window. Chuck and Naomi yelled at him for hours and told him that if he didn't repent of his sinful ways than he would be kicked out. Castiel had said even if he left Inias, it wouldn't change the fact that he liked men. His parents didn't like that so they kicked him out. Castiel was emancipated and moved to Compiègne to live with his brother Gabriel until college.
"But it's not. I don't know where I am anymore. Who I am anymore. Or why I'm even here. I feel so... distant."
"It's the French wine." Castiel smiled.
"Marigolds represent happiness and joy. It's for optimism and good luck. I'm superstitious I know."
"In a sense. These," he said holding up the chains. "They will glow when he gets near." Without thinking Dean pulled on the long chains and dragged Death with him, ignoring the grunts and complainants he got. Once he found he was in a suitable place to try and bring Cas, he looked at the new Death and felt almost embarrassed. There's no way he could say everything he needed to in front of him. So in a desperate effort, he pulled the Walkman out of his jacket and handed it to him. He looked at the cassette and headphones in his hands and raised a skeptical eyebrow.
"Admit it. You didn't like seeing me with him."
"Mmm. Well I love them."
"Yeah?"
"Hey do you have any plans for thanksgiving?"
Their was no chastity to the kiss that broke out. The two conformed to each other with the same chaotic force that had brought them together. Cas let out a small groan when he felt Dean's length pushing stiffly against the jut of his hipbone. His hands came down to wrap around Dean's chiseled back and wander along the curve of his spine. He swooned as Dean's hands wandered down to grasp his ass tightly and rub their hips ever closer. The motion felt desparate, filled with the agony of wanting to merge into the oneness of their souls. Cas bent into the shape of Dean as he pulled every part of their body into a perfect curve. His groin began to ache with the contact as their tongues danced in each other's warm mouths. Cas pushed even further in, the kisses becoming so rough that the two rows of white teeth began to clash against each other. Dean whimpered and threw his neck back to the greedly delight of Cas, who began to nibble and kiss along the stubble on Dean's jawline and the skin he could get to.
Dean would be lying if he said he wasn't a little scared with where he knew this was going. But damn if he wasn't excited too. He slid his hands up Cas's sides resting them at his hips as Cas slowly, barely ground down into him. Deans breath hitched a little and he captured Cas's lips with his own again. He let his hands roam up the angels sides, feeling the bone of his ribs and the softness of his skin. Skin soft like earth is fused together by different worlds and turned to one. Where they felt destined to grow close and apart over and over again. Dean noticed now more than ever in this heated moment how truly beautiful Castiel is. How much he loves the little lines around his eyes, the soft folds and lines of his stomach, they way his brows furrow when he kisses same as when he's confused. And suddenly, Dean can't hear a thing. Only the feeling of Cas on top of him.
Castiel kissed Dean soundly until Dean felt dizzy and hazy not just from the Sativa. Dean scooted back up against the headboard while Castiel crawled in after him. Each press of lips Castiel left on his jaw and neck felt like electricity coursing deep through his veins. A faint buzzing hum sounded in his mind from the drug and he found himself incredibly loose feeling. His stomach flexed as Cas left ticklish kisses over his soft abdomen down to his hipbones. Dean was floating on a cloud and he had almost forgotten what they were doing until Castiel nudged Deans thigh with his knee.
"What are your thoughts on gay folks?"
"How can you stand it so hot?"
"Oh come on. You've had Chinese food before." Dean said tossing him the wrapped cookie, which Cas eyed curiously.
"Cas," he sighed. "Cas are you drunk."
"I was thinking of asking Gabe if we could stay at his place in Marseille. You said you've never been to the beach before." Cas said spitting out his toothpaste.
"I find that hard to believe. You're like a mama bear in the morning." Eileen laughed."
"Fuck, Cas. I'm gonna- shit- gonna cum." He panted and moaned. Cas pulled off at the last second, flicking his tongue in the slit on his way off and Dean came all over his face. Some landed in his opened mouth and he groaned at the sight as Cas licked it off his lips. Dean panted for a moment, head rolling in paint as he did before Cas climbed off the bed. He held out his hand for Dean to take. Dean forced himself to move his heavy limbs and reached out to take Cas's hand. After he was pulled to his feet he collapsed forwards into Cas's body and felt the rumble in his chest from his laughter.
They headed down to the basement and Dean tried to suppress the shiver that ran through him of the cold, empty sadness he felt when he walked down there. Once they found the door Dean turned to look at Sam.
"Yeah. Lee, he was kind and sweet and practically everything I wanted, but he was having an affair with me. He said he would leave her for me, but I didn't want that. So I left."
"Hey." Dean blushed. Dean had Cas's white robe wrapped loosely around him, his hair still dripping. His skin was flushed pink from the heat of the shower and glistening like the silk of the robe from the steam. He was a picture of beauty.
"What?" Dean asked snapping his head back to look at Castiel.
Dean felt a twinge of excitement at the implications. Now he was a little impatient and desperately wished it was nine at night versus four in the afternoon.
"Sorry, I've been busy I guess." Gabriel shoved his way into the flat, as usual making his way into the kitchen.
"Matin." Castiel responded looking up briefly and giving him a smile.
"Night, Angel."
"Ehem," he cleared his throat obnoxiously loud. "Can I get a hug too?" Sam asked looking at Cas with a big smile. Dean rolled his eyes and Cas strode towards Sam indulging him in a hug. It was much briefer and smaller than Deans, but that came as a relief. Eileen came in right behind Sam and Cas hugged her gently too.
"You got a little something," he touched his own neck gesturing. "Eileens got some makeup if you need to cover that up." He chuckled.
mentions of child abuse and bipolar episode
Dean left a short time later giving Castiel a lingering kiss goodbye before he headed to school, no doubt late by this time in the morning. Castiel cleaned up breakfast as he got dressed and willed himself to think about Inias. His date was tomorrow night. It would be the first date he had gone on with him in years, but he needed to calm down. A part of him knew that he didn't want to date Inias. Those feeling were long since gone after he left over a decade ago. Inias was still as attractive as ever with his honey colored eyes and shaggy black hair, but now things were different. Castiel felt completely cheesy for thinking it but Inias was nothing compared to Dean. And despite all the voices in his head telling him that he didn't want to date, that he doesn't have time to date, that he needs a clear conscience. All that aside Castiel doesn't want to date Inias but he was done pretending now. He wanted more than sex and breakfast. He wanted an actual relationship.
"You already stay here almost all the time anyways. That way you wouldn't have to worry about paying rent or food much and you could afford the meds."
"Hey!"
"How do you want me?" Dean asked a little breathless.
"Just the ones I like." She winked.
. The dungeon. The blood.
"I got up a few times, just restless I guess. But overall I'd say I slept well. How about you?"
"Come in." He said. When she opened to door, she smiled seriously and took a deep breath.
Castiel's expression melted into a pleased one.  "Of course Dean."
"Is he the reason?"
Dean went home the next morning unable to stop the smile on his face. His and Castiels date was amazing and their night together even more so. Dean had woken up to Castiel kissing his neck and slowly grinding on him. They had amazing half asleep morning sex frotting together before Dean made Castiel breakfast.
"Dean, we could call Jack. I'm sure he'd bring him back. We just need to-"
Dean smiled to himself about the fact that Castiel wears women's robes but thinks that it's fitting. With all the women Dean has been with they have been soft and delicate. Their soft curves and breasts, long flowing hair, the definition of feminine. But despite Cas's sharp hipbones and short tousled hair, his angular features and rough exterior, somehow he's more feminine then all of them. And Dean cannot voice enough how hot Cas looks in a skirt.
"I love you." Dean said kissing Cas soft and slow.
"Of course, Dean. It's going to be okay."
"Goodnight, Inias."
"Cas- so close," Dean whispered with a shiver. Castiel was determined to get Dean through so for the final push he snapped his hips forward.
He wasted absolutely no time running once he got off the plane to Dean at the airport. Dean had offered to come pick him up and once he got off of the landing he ran up to Dean, tossing his luggage and throwing himself into his arms. Cas placed an aggressive kiss on the side of his cheek as Dean scooped Castiel up and wrapped his thighs around Deans middle.
Dammit Cas, you can't just send a text like that.
"Cas?!" He ran forward and surged to the ground, dropping to his knees almost painfully. "Hey, hey, hey, it's okay. I'm here." He rolled Castiel off his side and onto his back. His eyes were fluttering behind his lids like he was trying to wake up and Dean couldn't help it. He hugged him, long and tightly, hiding his face in the crook between the angels shoulder and neck. He felt so relieved and just started to whisper. "Please, I need you. Wake up. Please."
"Because I like you. But I can't just keep sitting around in the periphery of your life while you keep pretending you don't want more."
"I'm not complaining. Though I'm not giving anything up so we'll have to fuck twice as much." Dean panted with a humorous chuckle.
"What? I thought you'd want to see them."
"Jerk... so you have fun?" Sam teased.
"That's the plan." Castiel teased back.
"Yeah. Can we have beach sex?" Dean laughed from the bedroom.
"Dean, I want you to know that anything I have said to you in the past, I don't mean it. And I'm sorry if I've ever said anything that made you feel invalid."
"Precisely. And if you try to get out," Dean took the scythe out of his hands. "This, will be your fate." Death looked annoyed but Dean couldn't bother to care. He took Cas's hand and headed for the door. He looked it behind them and headed out in the basement. When they past the dungeon, Dean walked quickly past it heading upstairs into the kitchen. Once the finally sat down, Dean very reluctantly let go of Cas's hand, instantly missing the soft warmth of it.
"Cum for me, Dean." And just like that Dean was moaning and spilling all over Cas's hand and trembling.
Dean bit his lip smirking, undeniably frustrated on having to wait. But still he typed out.
"I will not." He said kissing Deans lips, soft and tender, tongues brushing slightly.
"Dean, this time we're not going up against Godstiel or whatever, we're just using Death as a key. We'll make it work this time." Sam bargained.
"I said end of story!" He snapped. "I'm not talking about this. Not now, maybe not ever. So just- just go."
"Well based after last night I'd say he's doing pretty good." Dean scoffed a humorless chuckle.
Five days.
"Good for them." He said quietly. He tried not to think about how much he wanted that kind of relationship. The one person he wanted that with was gone. Again. "So uh, everyone's okay right?"
He went downstairs to whip up a breakfast- no where near as good as Dean can make- while Dean was still in bed. By the time he had the coffee made and was stacking the waffles on plate for the both of them, Dean came stalking down in a pair of loose fitted sweatpants that hung low on his hips. He rubbed his eyes sleepily, smiling softly as he pecked a kiss on Castiels cheek.
"That's dumb." Dean mumbled. "Also I like when you speak French. S'kinda hot." He smiled into Cas's chest.
"Yes, Dean. I would like that very much."
"Anything you want." Cas bit Deans bottom lip making Deans eyes shoot open. He pulled back enough to rest his hands on Cas's hips and look back at the Impala. He smiled and shrugged before Cas pulled him back into the bunkers door. As soon as the door was shut, Deans eyebrows shot into his hairline as Cas simply started stripping his clothes as they walked down the stairs. Sure, they were alone, but Dean never expected Cas to be so open with something like stripping naked.
"What?"
"Then come home. I cant do this over the phone, it hurts too much. You have a key."
Panties.
"Am I alright," he mocked. "You were just thrown against an oak tree hon. Are you okay?"
He took the Impala and drove for a few hours until he ended up at a beach. It was a fairly large beach, and looked even bigger without many people there. He pulled out his cooler and walked over the lot and down the set of concrete stairs to get to the sand. As soon as his boot clad feet hit the ground, he stopped. He wanted to experience his first time at the beach like he always said he would. Toes in the sand. He took off his shoes and walked forward towards the sound of the crashing water. The little grains between his feet felt weird, but he found it grounding. He thought briefly about how he never went to the beach as a kid. John was always on a case, but they were never near a coast, and if they were, Dean had to watch Sam. If Dean ever wanted to go swimming in his youth, lakes and waterholes was where he went.
"Eileen Leahy, there aren't words that say how important you are to me. There are so many things I want to say, but no words come to mind other than I love you. I am so happy that we're having this baby together, and I want to be the best father possible. I know I can make you happy which is why I'm asking, will you marry me?"
Once they were both naked, they were on each other once again, nipping, sucking, licking, kissing every inch of skin available. Dean had been afraid that even after stopping taking the meds that he wouldn't be able to get hard, but with Cas's thigh nestled and grinding between his own, he was throbbing and aching he was so turned on. Dean grabbed onto Cas's back and flipped their positions. He grabbed the lube out of the nightstand on his side of the bed, that hadn't been used in a while and lubed his fingers up.
I’m sorry for this. Personally I’m laughing my ass of making John a good dad. It’s so fcling funny
"Ugh gross." Dean grimaced.
Dean finished chewing before speaking. "I'm twenty five. You?"
"Well, there is variations of the spell. The last time we only needed a few ingredients, but that rare one is gone, right?"
"You two are so perfect for each other it's ridiculous." He chuckled. Dean just rolled his eyes and stormed after Cas. When he got to his room, Cas was angrily shoving clothes- most of them Deans- into a duffle bag. He changed one look at Dean before turning back to what he was doing.
"Thank you." Cas said nervously. Unbelieving everything that just happened. As soon as he turned back, Deans eyes were wide and there was a huge grin on his face.
"Are you alright?" Cas asked panting. Dean snorted a laugh.
Castiels pupils were still blown wide looking at him in amazement. His hand moved from his shoulder to the side of his face and his thumb swiped across his bottom lip before it slightly dived into his mouth. Dean licked the pad of his thumb still tasting Castiel there. The other man moved his thumb out of his mouth and bent down to kiss him in a soft yet passionate gesture. Castiel walked over to a door on the other side of the room that lead to a bathroom. He came out a moment later with a warm washcloth and he gently cleaned Dean off giving him gentle kisses where the rag had been.
"Sshhhhh!" Dean said looking at the other passengers. "Okay. You made your point."
"Oh... right."
But he would also be lying if he said having that part of Cas, so close to him made him feel so incredibly happy.
"Who?" Dean asked. Sam stepped into the doorway, similar expression mapping his face.
"Is it working? The new medication?"
"I do too..." Cas turned to look Dean in his beautiful green eyes. "I love you."
"Sam tell you to come check on me?" He asked.
"I like men if that's what your asking." Castiel smiled and Dean blushed beat red.
"Of course. And it's going right in our living room at our new house." He smiled.
Thank you very much! I will have the paintings for you by the New Year.
"Hey!" She laughed.
Although Castiel didn't really want to, it had been a while since he had been laid and he still didn't want to deny Inias anything. After all he had left in the night for France with so much as a note after he said he loved him. But Castiel is much more aware now that what he felt wasn't love.
"There's too much strait sex in this show." Cas grumbled.
When Dean cautiously peeked his eyes open again, the shadow was gone to his relief. He focused on Castiel again, his head thrown back in pleasure, his chest beautifully flushed in arousal where his shirt exposed it. To avoid seeing anything again, he grabbed his tie around Castiels neck and twisted it around his fist. All at once he flipped their positions and Cas was pinned beneath him on the floor grinning up at him. Like this everything was zeroed in to him. A fleeting memory of Cas's words from months ago crossed his mind as he began to thrust forward slow and filthy.
"Yes it is, Dean. You were a child. No matter what, your father had no right to lay a hand on you... did he ever hit Sam?"
"What are you taking about?"
Dean stalked off to Castiels bathroom that Cas has sort of started considering their bathroom. Dean showers at Cas's all the time even when they don't stay there. And Castiel understands why, he's used Deans shower and it's like an ice bath compared to Cas's. As Dean was showering Castiel looked around and started to look at other thing he had started to consider as theirs.
Dean comes over the next night sober and cleaned up which is a relief. He glances into the living room, still slightly uncomfortable before Cas drags him out onto the balcony.
"Are you mine, Dean?"
"I'm honored. You're so amazing." Dean said kissing the top of Castiels head. "I don't know what I did to deserve you."
"Is that why they weren't accepting of the gay thing?"
"What?" Dean grumbled.
"I'm not. I actually uh, I'm here to make an offer. A deal, if you will."
"Not at all," Cas said closing the distance between them and capturing Deans mouth in a long drawn out kiss, tasting the distinct flavor that is pure Dean underneath his own minty tongue. "But I'm afraid I might get too distracted with you cooking practically naked." He said against Deans mouth tapping his ass as he went back into the bathroom to grab his robe. Dean rolled his eyes as he walked out of the bedroom and sure enough it was the thong.
"I told him my flat is just down the next street." Castiel answered. For a moment the blue eyed man looked him up and down and bit his lip in approval. Dean could feel his cheeks heating and he needed to stop that. He had never blushed so much in his life than he had just being around Castiel. Soon they were in front of an old building that looked quaint and sweet. The bricks were white and ivy grew up them onto the balconies of the flat. Castiel paid the cab driver before taking Deans hand and pulling him out of the car. They held hands all the way upstairs to the third floor where Castiel stopped to unlock the door. Once they got inside he turned on the lights.
"You know," Cas said around a mouthful of popcorn. "You kind of look like an older Eric."
Well, he knew in the moment he felt great. Dean hadn't ever felt that much pleasure in his life and the fact that he got that from Cas made it that much better. But they had known each other so long that now it was... really different.
"Cas, I can't stay awake." Cas smiled at the barely intelligible mumble from the man gone heavy in his arms.
"And you want to date, Inias?" Gabe asked and Castiel sighed.
Castiel didn't know how to respond. He wanted to say it back, but he couldn't get the words out. When Dean looked up at him eyes wide and almost regretful, Castiel threw on a smile and pretended he didn't hear it.
"Oh don't tell me you've never heard Free Bird?" Dean laughed.
"Why? Are you trying to tell me you have something?" Dean eyed him from where he was brushing his teeth.
"I'll pretend that I'm kissing, the lips I am missing, and hope that my dreams will come true."
"I'm a film director for fucks sake. It was ages ago. My turn?"
"Don't cry. Please don't cry." Dean pleaded.
"Well. Say something." Dean mumbled.
"Kind of... but I have another one."
"It does not." Cas rolled his eyes.
Dean turned more onto his side to face his sleeping companion. He traced his fingers along the bow of his lips, the lines of his eyes and forehead. The curve of his Adam's apple and the sharp angle of his collarbone. He held his hand to his chest feeling the steady rhythm of his heart and thought of how much it would hurt to never feel that again. He didn't know why but he felt as though he could write a sonnet about this moment.
He knows. He moved to Florida thinking the salt air and sun might change him, but instead, he spent the last two years inside, hiding from the world in dark rooms smelling of antiseptic. “Okay,” Dean says, eventually, ducking his head. He moves to the sink, turning on the faucet, just in time for Sam to emerge, all six-foot-four of him in a pair of swim trunks and a towel around his neck.
“No, sir,” Dean croaks. Tears spill, soaking his face. “No, daddy—”
“He can’t help you,” Alastair growls. He brings his hand down, but Dean must anticipate it and do something to anger him. The next noise is the soft squish of a skull cracking, a body slumping over. Castiel’s heart races, stomach threatening to upend itself across the floor. “Oh, you can’t die on me yet, boy,” Alastair hisses. Dean makes a noise akin to a gurgle. “We’re just getting started. ‘Cause what I’m gonna do to you, your little heathen angel will hear every second of it. I smell sex on you, Dean, I smell defilement. And here, I thought only demons tempted angels to sin.”
him. “You shouldn’t like me,” Castiel starts, his words barely audible. “You shouldn't confide in me like you do, Dean. All I’ve ever done is hurt you, and yet, you’re still here.”
“What’s the last thing you can recall?” Castiel asks. He blinks, his eyes wet, the most emotion Dean has ever seen him express. On the track, Castiel is placid. Gruff, even. But behind closed doors, whether it be in bars or the crew trailer, or even in Dean’s living room, he’s softer, with the barest edge of a smile on his lips.
For a while, they eat in silence, Dean sprawled out on his back and Castiel occasionally typing out long strings of sentences. His mind wanders, bouncing from the list of assignments he has planned and Missouri’s schedule for tomorrow, all of it forming an ache behind his eyes. Whatever Castiel made takes the edge off, though. The first place he goes this weekend, the grocery store, for snacks, or something he can heat up between classes.
“Good.” Reluctant, Dean pulls Castiel’s hand away, but not before sneaking in a kiss to his knuckles. “You gonna show her inside, or are you gonna leave her in the yard?”
“Explain what?” another voice rings out, and Dean’s blood runs cold.
The noise must attract attention, but only one person comes to investigate. A woman, with vibrantly red hair and a Farscape t-shirt darts over, her eyes wide in concern. “Jesus Christ, Dean,” she half-shouts, worming her way into Castiel’s spot. “What happened?”
Dean sighs in agreement, for once at a loss for words.
Whatever Dean saw, he doesn’t mention it again. Doesn’t talk at all, in fact, the drive across town silent save for the wind whipping through the windows. Behind the wheel, Sam keeps his eyes on the road while Dean sits in the passenger seat, his eyes lifeless. Sam can only expect the worst—that wherever Castiel is, he isn’t coming back, and the Dean that he’s known since the day he was born is gone.
Eventually, Castiel pulls out, but continues to hold Dean’s hips in his lap. Deft fingers press over his rim, where Dean can feel the first egg slip free, along with a rush of come. His thighs are slick with it, his skin soaked; Dean uses some to stroke his cock while he pushes out each egg, and comes after the fourth, his eyes rolling back in his head and Castiel holding his thighs open, keeping him exposed.
. “Number three, 135 Cherry Avenue, Lyle City, Georgia. I can show you my classes—”
“Shit he says.” Pushing off the fridge, Benny pulls a package of frozen waffles from the freezer. “He tries to be careful, trust me, but you should’ve seen him in high school. Nerdy kid, used to hang out with girls. We played baseball together, but the other guys used to pick at him, call him names. I mean, I got a girlfriend, and but I got eyes too. He ain’t exactly unattractive.”
These nights, he barely sleeps, his consciousness waning enough to let him rest, but somehow, he remembers everything going on around him: the voices, the footsteps, the eyes staring back at him, the ones he can’t forget. Around him, he vaguely knows the clouds are still pouring, but someone watches him from the corner. He can’t move—can barely breathe, and yet the thing walks across the room, formless and as frigid as ice. It comes to rest at Dean’s side, kneeling, smelling of wet hay.
Finding a case, apparently, isn’t that difficult. According to Dean, the newspapers mostly feature local articles that lean more toward community help and obituaries, while the internet proves more fruitful. Sprawled out on the mattress, Dean clicks around on the keyboard while he bites his thumbnail, green eyes lit blue by the screen. Castiel watches him from the table in the corner while Dean swings his feet in the air, focusing purely on his work. He’s an entirely different man than Castiel knew just days before, when Dean was terrified and lost. Now, he has a purpose, something to take his mind off the rest of the world.
A gentle breeze blows, rustling the grassy yard and the wheat in the fields. Clouds gather on the horizon, their tops peaked high and white. Castiel pays them no mind and closes his eyes. The world is red beyond his eyelids, only darkening as the sun makes its way over the roof. At one point, Dean leaves and comes back empty handed, and scoots his chair closer, the wood creaking as he sits.
Alastair laughs. “Oh, I think he is. See, he was mine first. I wanted him dead, because if I broke Dean, then I could offer him to Lucifer as a consolation. The progeny of one of his nemeses, for him to devour for the rest of eternity. And then, I’d be able to raise my legion and take what was rightfully ours.” His lips twist into a scowl. “But he wouldn’t break. No matter what I did, no matter how many times I desecrated this—this
A few days before Eileen arrives, Castiel sneaks into his room while Sam is out for his morning jog and finds Dean fast asleep under the covers, his head buried underneath his pillow. His room, Castiel has never seen before, at least not here. Rather than weapons, Dean displays some of his rarer vinyl on the wall above his bed, stored in frames and hung from hooks. His television sits atop one of the Bunker’s dressers, and his laptop rests idle on his desk, along with stacks of paper and an oddly shaped stress ball. Through the open closet door, Castiel finds a few unpacked boxes and all of his flannel and coats hung up on hangers, along with his suits, freshly ironed.
Only for a minute, but the absence of his company creates an itch under Castiel’s skin, one he can’t quite shake. He returns a short while later, with the design and an inked piece of transfer paper in hand. “You okay with taking your shirt off?”
A red flush paints Dean’s cheeks. He looks down, shoulders slumped. “Just came up in conversation. But she knows your parents. Or like, knows who they are. Apparently word travels fast when they’re in headline news?”
“No, it was bad,” Dean says with a grin. “It didn't fit, for one. Look, when we get back, I’ll take you shopping. Designer, from Walmart, whatever you want, we’re gonna find you something.”
“Very,” Castiel replies. “I’m surprised I haven’t bled on it.”
“But you hate secrets,” Castiel says, and Dean snorts a laugh.
Castiel looks right back at him, nodding along. “It would be a shame if we were to sneak through the gap in the fence.”
“Right?” Dropping his head into the pillows, Dean pulls his knees up. A spark of an idea shoots through to Castiel’s gut, one he shouldn't entertain, but does so with little resistance on Dean’s part. He parts Dean’s knees and crawls between them, pressing his hands into sheets beside Dean’s head. More alluring is Dean drawing his legs around Castiel’s waist, pulling them flush at the hip. “Got somethin’ on your mind, Cas?”
Castiel nods, following with, “Yes, ma’am.”
“There was a time when I used to love storms,” Castiel mumbles. He rubs his eye, then narrows it, a lone pupil fixated on him. “You’ve been crying.”
“Well, here we are,” Dean announces, shuttering the engine. The Impala ticks long afterward, just as exhausted as Castiel feels. “Home sweet home.”
“I could.” With another kiss, Castiel releases his hand, but Dean bridges the gap again, at first kissing his temple, then his cheek—then his lips, with the slightest bit of heat on his tongue. Another day, and Dean could lay him flat and have his way with him, but this is a public establishment, with security cameras around every corner. Castiel breaks the kiss, afterward pressing his thumb to Dean’s lips. “Do you kiss all of your clients?”
His heart skips—his stomach twists, wrenching a moan from his lungs. Without a single touch, and Castiel knows how to break him down and make him beg. “Fuck me,” Dean rasps.
“That what you think?” Dean rolls onto his side, motioning the laptop to face him. Writing has never exactly been his forte, but as far as he knew, he wasn’t
This can’t be possible—this can’t
“Yes,” Castiel says through a shudder.
He’s been in this situation before. Castiel wants to hear this story.
. “Easier than having to bite you,” Dean chuckles. “How’s it look, doc?”
Castiel scoffs, shaking his head. “They’re recovering. I’m still missing a few feathers, but they’re here.” Thankfully, he wants to add. Part of him has always been proud of them, how brightly they shine compared to the other angels, and seeing them tattered and broken left a sour pit in his Grace for several years, until Dean asked him to stay, until Dean gave him room to recover, to heal.
“I’ll get there,” Dean hushes, smiling with all his teeth. “Didn’t anyone ever teach you patience?”
Castiel’s face falls even further, verging close enough to disappointment that Dean can barely stand to look at him. “This isn’t how it was supposed to go,” Castiel says, quiet. “I didn't want you to die. I wanted to go with you, but you were ready, and I had to let you go.” He closes his eyes and shrugs out of Dean’s hold. “I felt, that if you somehow survived, if I went back to face you, that it’d rip open the wound and I’d have to endure the pain all over again.”
"Yes just let me grab my coat. You can come on in for a moment if you'd like." He said. Cas went back into his bedroom to grab his coat that he had tossed on the floor. As he picked up his coat he saw something slightly under the edge of his bed. He pulled it out and smiled to himself for a moment.
"Death." Sam said simply, immersed in the book he was reading.
Right behind Castiel was one of the faceless figures. Dean didn't know how it could watch them without eyes, but it was there. Staring and peering. Deans heart lurched into his throat and he clenched his eyes shut.
"That's sounds nice. I've never been on one before." Cas answered.
Of all the things Dean expected when he opened the box in the late afternoon the next day, it was this. Deans mouth went dry instantly the second he opened the box and felt a twinge of excitement simmer low in his gut.
"Yeah?"
"Ugh fine. Sam let's go to my place." Gabe said and then Dean was left to an empty flat nothing but thoughts of Cas and alcohol to distract him.
It was Dean.
"Not the whole reason. See there is this really hot painter who lives here and he's probably the best sex I've ever had. He's pretty confident and sexy. You might not know him though." Dean joked.
"C'est juste en bas de la rue suivante." Castiel answered the man. He had no idea what he said but my god was that hot. Castiel spoke French so perfectly it just rolled off his tongue like honey.
Dean woke up pillowed on Cas's chest, warm and placating in the middle of the night. His breathing smooth and steady as the angel slept on. Dean didn't want to move, but his mind was racing.
"Like dating?" Cas asked hesitantly.
"Nah. Just pretty." Dean giggled.
"Jack, whatever she's told you, it's a lie! Don't trust it! Your mom, she's worried about you."
The next morning Castiel tried to gently shake him awake, but he was still hazy with his dreams and nuzzled his face further into Cas's abdomen.
"I will love you, not starting with your beautiful face, your soft skin, not your lips or your eyes. Not your organs or the sound of you sleeping. I will love and have loved, madly first, your naked soul. You are the poem I never knew I could write, and this life, this story, I have always wanted to tell." He whispered. Cas couldn't hear him, but he didn't care. It was enough for them to be together in this very moment.
"You two know each other?" Sam said gesturing in between them.
"You-" Dean stuttered. "I-I know you."
"I don't know what that means, I'm sorry." Dean smiled a little humorless to himself.
"Goodbye, Dean." And just like that he was pushed out of the way and hit the wall. It all happened so fast and then he was being taken. The blackness wrapped around him he knew Billie had made it in and was taken in too but he didn't care. He was gone. Castiel, was actually gone. He could feel his heart in his throat and his stomach was hit with nausea. He curled on to the floor trying to will himself to breathe. With Castiel gone it was like someone ripped the oxygen from the earth. All he ever wanted just happened and it was taken away in the twinkling of an eye. Dean just lost his own world and he couldn't even breathe. He cradled his face in his hands and cried. He cried harder than he ever had before. He lost Castiel five times before. Each death of the angel got harder and harder the more they knew each other. But something told Dean this was final. And the worst part, of all the twelve years he had known Castiel, he died thinking that no one loved him. No one had ever told him that they loved him. The sudden realization caused Dean to sob even harder. Dean couldn't breathe he was crying so hard. His face muscles ached with how much emotion was being forced on them.
"Yes?"
"Because, Death can get in and out of the empty. Where Cas is." Eileen supplied.
"Brush your teeth?" He asked not taking his eyes off the drawing.
"Yes. But unfortunately I don't have time to faire l'amour to you. I'm meeting up with Gabe for coffee. He's the one who managed to get in touch with Mr. Roman."
"I believe so. I have you." He smiled. Dean leaned in and pressed their lips together. A soft chaste kiss that simply said the three words he wanted to say most. Cas nuzzled into his neck and Dean went a little stiff. The last time he hid his face Deans neck, he had been moaning his name and shaking. And Dean did not need to be thinking about that right now. "Are you embarrassed of what we did?"
"Dean," his voice was broken and cracked and shaky and Deans eyes instantly stung with tears at the one syllable. "I don't- I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's happening but you need to come back. Talk to me," he broke out sobbing. "Please we can fix this. Tell- tell me what I did wrong. I'll make it right. Just come home. Come home to me. I need you to come home to me. I love you. Please, Dean."
"I'm just so happy. I- Your gonna be my husband."
"You know what Sam, fuck you! You think I don't know that? Think I don't feel bad that I'm lying to the fucking love of my life?! All because I'm losing my goddamn mind and don't want him to know? I know it's not fair, but living like this isn't fair to me either. I cant be hurting Cas because I can't bring anything more to our relationship. Because I don't know when my next episode will be the one I snap. The one where I finally listen to all those creepy fuckers telling me to end it. End it all just so I know I'm real. And I can't be around Cas when that happens. So, yeah. Fuck you." Dean snapped.
"My grace," he started looking concerned.
Dean gulped curiosity spiking his interest.
"So Dean, my place or yours?" Castiel asked him.
He and Dean hadn't been having sex after he started taking them. And two weeks later, suddenly his libido is back in tact. He had been losing weight, seemed exhausted despite his happiness. And there were those nights where Cas had to hold him and sing to him. He asked if Cas was real. God how could he be so stupid?
Oh look at that....
"Sue me! It's been a while since Lee and I just want you to be happy."
Thump.
And it was. Just... emptiness.
"I haven't been with anyone else since I met you. Haven't even considered it. How pathetic is that?" Dean scoffed. "That I thought-"
The three of them stood behind Death as he spoke the incantation, successfully opening the empty. Sam looked at Dean with a worrisome expression. The three of them looked back and were sucked deep into the abyss. It was the same as Dean remembered. Frightening in all its intent. Sam stayed close to Death while he and Cas started to wander. Sam looked shocked and Dean tried to reassure him with a thin line of a smile. He only hoped that they actually could find the poor boy and make it out safely. They'd had enough sacrifice and deals in there life. After this, Dean just wanted a normal life.
"You don't look at me anymore." He sighed.
"Yeah?"
"Oh fucks sake." Dean groaned sliding back away from Castiel before grinding back down making both of them groan. Castiel listened after that, and started to thrust his hips slowly and a little unsure, but it felt good.
"Really?" Dean asked eyes wide.
Dean couldn't wipe the smile off his face or calm the butterflies in his stomach. He never thought an apple pie life was in the cards for him. But he actually does have a white picket fence and Miracle and now he's going to have a kid. He still can't wrap his mind around the fact that in less than fourteen hours he and Cas are going to be parents. Fathers.
Sam eyes them with humor and Dean blushed and looked away after he realized what he had said.
"Sorry I'm early, but Gabe took Sam out and... well I was really excited after that text."
"So, you said you had only ever been with a man once, correct?" Castiel asked gently stroking Deans soft brown hair.
Castiel climbed into the bed further all the way up to Dean to kiss him. Kissing Dean never gets tiring. His lips are soft and plump like velvet, they move like a wave on the ocean, pulling and encompassing all things loving. Dean is far more gentle than Cas is. He takes his time kissing. Slow and un rushed. Even now as he is naked in bed kissing Castiel, he's like a riptide on the beach carefully swaying Castiel in before being dragged in by the undertow. The other thing about Deans kisses is you can never tell where they start and where they end. They always remain so gentle when they finally become heated you're not even sure how much time has passed. It's nothing instantaneous. Nothing is fast with him. But the touches he has been giving Castiel these past few months are like nothing else Cas has ever felt. Even now as he slides his tongue into Castiels mouth, intrusive in its own right, it makes him feel treasured. Adored.
"Of course I feel the same way. This," he gestured in between them. "Is all I've ever wanted. And now it's all I need. This is my happiness. You. It's always been you."
"Can- will you sing to me?" Dean said just above a whisper.
"Everyone's alive?" Cas asked sounding hopeful.
"Calm down, Dean. Look," he held up a little vile and Dean watched as the grace was extracted from Cas. Dean was in shock watching this happen. But once the vile was full, Death surprisingly, handed it right over to Dean. "Humans can't stay here. This is your ticket out. You're welcome." He scoffed.
But he could've had it. Dean would've given him anything if he had known. But it was too late now. He sat at the table and forced himself to eat, if not mixed with the alcohol he had today, he knew he'd throw up again. He was peeling the loose corner label off of his beer bottle when Eileen came and sat down in front of him.
Castiel brought their plates into the living room. Dean came out a moment later holding something tan and folded in his hands.
"I've been wanting to do that for a long time." Cas panted with a smile.
He remembered watching the angels face as he listened to the lyrics. The way his eyes lit up at the guitar solo. He knew even then that he was lost on this clueless seraph. The way he bobbed his head lightly and furrowed his eyes when the guitar solo just kept going for five minutes. When it was over he had a small smile on his face.
"Please. Please, Cas." He managed out in between choked sobs. Cas sat up and looked to see tear tracks running down Deans face. He wiped them away kissing his neck as he reached for the lube. He almost went to grab a condom out of habit, but smiled to himself when he remembered he didn't have to. He slicked up his cock quickly and lifted Deans hips into his lap a bit.
"I know, I know, just-" he took a shaky breath and Castiel reached his hand over on the couch for him to take. He mouthed 'it's okay' and Dean looked back to the laptop.
"Thank you." He chuckled breathlessly. "Do you want me to um... head?"
"He's named after an angel. I just call him, Cas."
"Relax baby, I promise it's not gonna hurt." Castiel said. He and Dean were sitting right to each other on the chairs of the tattoo parlor.
"Not that," Dean rolled his eyes. He bit his lip as he pulled the last of his buttons. "Remember the night with the paint? Where we- uh, on the canvas?"
"You're pretty high aren't you?" Castiel asked with a smile pressed into Deans hair.
"I think it's cute. And what about your wings?"
"How do you want me?" Dean asked, pushing his pants off his thighs and down to the floor.
"Fuck you." Cas said barely holding back a smile.
"Night, Cas."
"Eileen, I would love to catch up. Care to join me in the library?" Cas asked. She shrugged and signed "sure" following Castiel out of the kitchen. Sam smiled after them and put his hands in his pockets with a happy sigh. He turned his attention back to Dean and moved over to the bench and gestured for him to sit next to him.
"You're right. We should go check it out." Dean said backing away from Cas. The angel stood up to follow and Dean looked at him confused. "What are you doing?"
"What are you doing here, Cassie?" Gabriel scolded taking a hit of his own bowl.
"I think I'm the one who lucked out here... but you're welcome." He was learning to accept compliments from Cas, even though he didn't think he deserved any praise after what he'd put Cas through. Still he smiled and accepted more lazy kissed from Cas until he fell asleep in the embrace of his arms.
That night, Dean continued to be haunted. Not the typical type of haunting that they can get rid of with a bit of research and a salt n' burn. No, he's tormented by memories. Haunted by feelings.
The past three weeks had been bliss. Full of cheesy dates and late night Netflix binges and of course, mind blowing sex. Castiel never thought he could feel this happy with someone. Feel this free to be himself.
"Fine. But you owe me some more greens." Castiel sighed.
"It was delicious. I should hire you to be my personal chef." Cas said wetting his toothbrush.
"You, obviously."
Castiel managed to sell three other paintings. One of a chapel, one of the Eiffel Tower and one of a rainy phone booth with a couple kissing. This couple in the photo- to Dean anyways- is clearly a gay male couple. The buyer didn't think so but no one cared to tell her and Balthazar laughed with both of them about it as well.
"When Cas... when the empty first took him... he told me he loved me, Sam." Dean waited for a reaction, but there was none so he continued. "He told me he loved me and I just stood there. I didn't get to say it back. I just didn't think that'd be it. I didn't expect him to leave me," he took a shaky sigh. "And he left thinking I didn't feel the same way... but now he's back and- and I told him. I love him, Sam. And I was to afraid to admit it for years because of what dad beat into me, and everything he taught you. I just- I don't want this to ruin our relationship. Because I love him... and he's worth rebelling for."
"Dean, what the hell?" He whisper yelled.
Dean smacked his bare ass on his way inside the bathroom before Dean got up as well. As Castiel was brushing his teeth a thought crossed his mind.
Dean left his underwear.
"Get us in there!" Dean yelled.
"Please," he scoffed. "You guys helped set up our nursery and helped us the whole move. It's the least we could do."
"Hi, how can I help you?" She asked.
smut warning
"You're such a dork. So I get to come right? To your art show thing?"
When he came back out, Cas was still dressed in his regular navy suit and trench coat whispering to Sam. Dean furrowed in confusion before they both abruptly pulled away when he came into the room. Dean wanted to know, but he just brushed it off and grabbed the keys to the Impala as they all headed out of the bunker.
"Well Henri got his top surgery. He's still staying in New York far away from Ma and Dad."
Dean laughed to himself as he pulled out of the parking lot of the school to head back home. Once he got back to his flat Sam was already home doing the dishes in the kitchen.
"I would like that very much, Dean." He answered plainly before pouring them each a mug of coffee. He pulled out two plate from the cupboard as Dean finished up making the omelettes. "Why don't we eat on the balcony? It's lovely out this morning."
"Well that's nice. Which place are they living at do you know?"
"Ooo please." Gabriel said. Castiel simply smiled and nodded which made Dean blush.
But them Sam walked in.
"You stay away from him!" Cas snapped.
"You know for such a clean freak, you sure have a filthy mouth."
"Ce n'est pas important."
"Halos? Like... the little gold ring on their heads?"
Lack of sleep caught up with him and he crashed on the bed. He didn't sleep long, just very deeply unfortunately with bad dreams. He was woken up by a ringing phone call and he was about to hang up on Cas when he saw it was Gabriel calling.
"Yeah she is. Hop on in." He said and Castiel complied getting in on the passenger side. The two of them drove in a comfortable silence before Dean spoke up.
"Dean, I never have the words to express how you make me feel. In an infinite universe with infinite possibilities, I met you. And although it is enough for me to exist with you in just this moment, I don't want to ever spend another moment without you. So what I'm saying is," Deans heart stopped as Cas got down on one knee in front of all these people. He pulled out a velvet black box and tears stung Deans eyes. "Dean Winchester, will you marry me?"
very slight nsfw.
"What does?"
"That makes two of us." Dean said glaring as he sat down at the table next to Cas.
Four years into their marriage and things were still as amazing as ever, just slightly more pointless bickering. Cas was thirty three now and Dean bitched about turning thirty. Castiel managed to talk Dean into getting a cat that they named Salem. A few months into being a pet owner, Dean remembered how much he wanted to have actual children and so he brought it up with Castiel. Cas agreed immediately and they got on a waiting list for adoption.
"What?" Sam said defensively.
Once Castiel is in a pair of borrowed sweatpants from Dean, the two of the snuggle up together on the couch with Dean pressed in between the V of Cas's thighs. Castiel turns on a show on Netflix but doesn't really pay much attention to it at all. He's vaguely aware that he's read the Outlander books for the show so it's not like he needs to watch it to know what happens anyways. He looks down at Dean and cards his fingers through his still damp hair while Dean watches the show and nuzzled back into Cas's lap.
I know you're upset. But please let me know when you make it home safely.
"Afraid so." The demon said, adjusting his large framed glasses. "See, my names Cyrus. Cyrus Stein."
Three years later
Deans aunt Jody and her partner Donna flew into Paris and she officiated the wedding. Sam walked Dean down the isle and Charlie and Gabe handed each other their rings. Both rings were engraved with the same as their matching tattoos. After their small ceremony, they ate food that Dean had made with the help of some of the new chefs that worked at his new establishment. Dean managed to buy an empty kitchen and worked on renovating it. He hired a few chefs including Benny Lafitte, their old bartender, Charlie of course and a few others. They all ate together until the sun went down and Dean had never felt happier.
Dean hasn't been able to stop thinking about what Cas said once he got back from the airport for the past two weeks.
"It's so good to have you back, Cas." She said.
"So you're together? Finally?"
"Here," Cas said handing Dean the glass. Dean chugged the whole glass in one gulp and Castiel rolled his eyes as he sipped from his own. "Sit up."
By the time he was in his own flat he tried to ignore the bitter sting of tears that threatened to fall.
Yes. I believe you will look exquisite in them.
Dean took a deep breath and clenched his teeth.
"You think our brothers are doing the same thing right about now?" Dean asked, voice muffled in Castiels shoulder.
"I'm real." Castiel said into his hair.
"Yes, you are."
"So Cas, tell me something about you that I don't know."
"No!" Dean yelled a little too loud. "No it was... fine. Just, things have been a little awkward since is all." Sam looked at him as if expecting him to go on. "Fucks sake I don't even know why I'm telling you this."
Four Months Later
"Still beautiful. Still Dean Winchester." Cas mumbled. When Dean furrowed his face, Cas's thumb smoothed over the harsh lines, softening his expression. Dean scooted a little closer towards Castiel and pecked a chaste kiss on his lips, sighing happily as he did so. It felt so right.
He took it off the hanger and clenched it in his hands. He traced the dried blood of the hand print and sobbed into the front of it, sniffling loudly. He held it close holding onto it as if it was the answer to all his problems.
As he went downstairs to his post box he ran into Sam. Sam was covered in snow as he stepped into the building rubbing his hands together.
"As far as I can tell."
"Dean, wake up." He whispered. Dean smiled a bit but did nothing to let him know that he was awake. "Dean, I want you. Please wake up."
"When I make love to you," he whispered against his lips, tongue brushing ever so slightly, "I try, with each stroke of my tongue to say I love you. To tease," he nipped Deans jaw, "I love you. To force," he said pressing the pad of his finger against the sensitive ring of muscle, "I love you. To melt, I love you. I look at you and I see the most beautiful man alive. Inside and out, and I can't help but think in an infinite universe, with infinite possibilities, I met you. I love you, Dean Winchester."
"I'm so sorry," Cas said in shock. "That must've been horrible."
"Alright you adorable assholes, never have I ever, watched two people have sex."
When the night was over, Dean decided to let Cas drive the Impala. Of course Sam had to go on and on about how he never lets anyone drive her, but of course Cas already knew that. Still Dean couldn't help but passenger seat drive a bit to which Cas got snappy and it was adorable.
Castiel was on the podium talking about his latest painting which was the two of them kissing at the beach. He could tell that in the painting, it was the same beach they were at the first time they said I love you. The canvas was massive and Dean smiled when Cas first finished it. The drawing was quickly broadcasted to media and all sorts of LGBTQ+ establishments wanted to work with Castiel Novak.
"Not the point."
"I uh... I'm on disability so I just go to school. I'm studying culinary arts."
"I'm off all day hunting! Saving people's lives and my son is off kissing other queers in alleys?! It's disgusting, Dean! What would Sam think?! You're mother?! You might as well spit on her grave!"
"No you don't." Dean laughed taking a seat next to him on the couch.
Castiel lurched forward and wrapped his arms around Dean, burying his face in his neck while he cried softly. Dean held him close stroking his back softly while he cried.
"I don't know. I just figured that one, that's how we met. And two that, you just might want more after a while. You once described yourself as an hedonist."
"You can't live in the past, Castiel."
"Well, if your lover can inspire that kind of work out of you than surely you could make more. I'm talking eighty four thousand euros."
"Was that crossing a line?" Castiel asked visibly tense.
"I want to know how many scars you have and memorize the shape of your tongue. I want to climb the curve of your lower back and count your vertebrae. Your ribs. Your fingers. Your goosebumps... your freckles. I want to chart the topography of your anatomy and be fluent in your body language. I want you in all your entirety. Forevermore."
"I don't hate you- look can you come over?"
If Dean hadn't been coming like a fucking tsunami he would've said yes, absolutely. But he didn't. He almost asked what Castiel meant afterwards but thought he was probably just dirty talking like he does sometimes. But then again when they went to dinner, Cas had been so gentle touching Deans thigh under the table and holding his hand in the car ride home that he didn't know.
"Mmhmm. Could you turn around for me?" Dean complied spinning slowly to show off the mesh back that no doubt exposed the majority of his ass. "Do you miss me?"
Exquisite.
Yes, it will give you something to hold on to.
"I stopped taking them." Dean said turning a corner.
"Yeah," he sighed. "I guess you're right. I will miss you though."
Fuck yes
Castiel didn't know how to respond to him, so he just pulled him into another hug. They sat hugging for a long time until Dean started to calm and his sadness turned into a haze of overwhelming exhaustion.
"Not really, no."
Castiel sighs typing out a lame response.
"What if... what if there was?" Dean asked.
They spent the rest of the day, buried in books, glued to their seats, guzzling coffee and aspirin. Dean was starting to understand how Kevin must've felt translating all the tablets. But Dean at least had a decoder and had an understanding of most of the Greek and Latin in the books. Every time he wanted to give up after a book he reminded himself of what he could finally get if he just stuck with it. The rewards. If they figured out this spell, they could get to Deaths library, find a reaper, offer it some kind of promotion to become Death, by well, death. Then they would bind the new Death and get Dean into the empty. He would find Cas and get him out of there, take care of Death later. But most important, he would have Castiel back.
"All you do is use people." Dean said but it wasn't angrily, just defeated and strained. Still hurt.
"That first night we spent together back in September, I was able to paint again. The painting of the skyline that's by the hall tree?"
"Please do." He chuckled.
"Well um... my parents are presbyterian so I grew up that way,"
"What makes you say that?" Dean asked trying not to sound eager.
"Hey, Cas." Sam said. Dean whipped around to see a very adorable, sleep rumpled Castiel. "We didn't mean to wake you."
Castiel shook his head, still at a loss for words. When Sam came back over he had blueberry all over his mouth and some on his nose. They all laughed and then separated on their ways home. Once they got into the apartment, Dean made work of getting out of his uniform till he was clad in nothing but boxers and a t-shirt while he cooked in the kitchen.
That fluttering humor and happiness soon faded into something else though. He didn't know what to call it but it wasn't good. He was about to go on a date, with another man. He brushed those feelings aside though as he got to his feet and pulled on his leather coat.
"I'm good. Man this is good shit," she said packing a bowl. "How did you afford this?"
"...maybe."
"I'm not... gay though." Dean grumbled. Claire scoffed.
Dean reached into the cupboard in their bathroom and pulled a fresh bottle out and froze a moment when he saw his more than half full bottle of pills that he wasn't taking. He felt a pang of guilt for lying to Cas, and also about the expenses. He shut the cabinet and walked over to open the shower door. Cas jumped a bit getting startled before he blushed and took the conditioner out of his hands. Dean didn't quite shut the shower door yet, just stood there watching his boyfriend lather up the soap into his hair and intently watching the bubbles fall down the smooth planes of his skin. The way the water trickles down his hairless body. Cas is truly feminine, Deans acknowledged it before. But there is something about the way he always shaves and is soft like silk when Dean touches him. He truly is remarkable and Dean still can't begin to fathom how Castiel could want someone like him.
Dean was relaxed into the feeling of Castiels hands and kisses, the sound of his voice that he was floating somewhere outside of his own body. Just then he finally let his finger breach him. Deans jaw fell open at the sensation. He never in a million years would imagine being here, yet here he was. He was taken off guard by the fact that it didn't hurt, didn't burn or sting. It was an interesting stretch that felt slightly uncomfortable and odd, yet he found himself wanting more. Castiel curved his finger inside of him and he nearly shot off of the bed. Dean had been fingered before. An old girlfriend Rhonda Hurley convinced Dean to try all sorts of things. Like panties, makeup, and Dean even let her peg him just once. So he knew what to expect, but still it was never like this. Castiels fingers were both soft and rough at the same time. Dean was panting as Castiel thrusted his finger in and out of him, half heartedly meeting his mouth and kissing back. Castiel added a second finger and started to scissor him open. Dean closed his eyes and concentrated on the the feeling. Concentrated on Cas whispering to him,  thanking him for loving him. Dean was lost. He wasn't in pain as it was, but it was still new and a little scary. He needed that embrace. Castiel just hushed Dean and held him close in the moment.
"I needed to afford school, and rent and I still needed to eat. Disability covers a bit, but not everything. It was either I don't get to live my dream, be homeless, starve or be a little insane."
"What?"
"Yeah. It didn't work out."
"I will buy your painting, pay for you to come down to my art show and you can even auction of more of your works there. I'll pay for the hotel, you could even bring your muse. What do you say?"
"If you have to use such a crass term, yes. I believe so."
"Hey don't forget you were the one who conned me into ditching class to smoke weed behind the bleachers."
"I could tomorrow. Something fancy. You like escargot?" Dean chuckled.
Inside the restaurant, Dean ordered a whiskey while Cas ordered his usual wine.
"Are you drunk?" Cas and John said at the same time.
"See. You knocked down those dominos, messed up Chucks story for you." Sam stated. Dean shook his head a small smile on his lips.
"Dean, we need to talk."
"Cas..." Dean panted and swallowed, nervous for what he wanted to happen. "Cas, I want you to do something for me."
This was Cas's. He didn't know how he knew that, he just did. Same as the key, he knew it was from Castiel. This was a feather from his wings and Dean held tight to it. Sam was already back at the Impala, waiting for Dean. Dean pushed open the door to the warehouse and waved his arm, signaling for Sam to come back. Sam opened the Impala door with a confused furrow on his face.
"Hate to interrupt but your little nerdy lesbian won't leave me alone. I have paintings to sell, checks to give." Balthazar said.
"But now it's all done and it looks great. When did you finish it?" Gabe asked leaving the kitchen to get a closer look.
"Where are my manners. I'm Sam, this is my older brother Dean. And you guys are?"
"What's wrong?" Castiel turned and asked, concern evident on his face.
"No. No, no, no, you can't- no." He whispered his eyes welling with tears.
Deans cooking school didn't have a fancy graduation but there was a small ceremony for him and the other chefs in his class. Castiel and Sam came to be there with him, but when Cas had asked why Gabe didn't come, he just sighed and shrugged. Cas was afraid he made Gabe dislike Dean somehow, but he wasn't going to worry about that today. Today was about Dean.
He stayed up later that night sketching a beautifully naked Dean sprawled out on the covers with flushed cheeks and sweaty hair. His muse.
"Okay."
"Deal." The reaper said. Dean pulled the angel blade out of his pocket and stabbed the reaper right in the stomach. Blood trickled down from the blade and from his mouth and his eyes glowed like fire before he vanished. Dean looked around in a hurried panic wondering where he went.
"Yeah. Well will my adorable boyfriend pass me a roach?" Castiel smiled.
Dean couldn't sleep that night.
"Why?"
"Merci beaucoup! J'aurai les peintures pour vous d'ici la nouvelle année." Cas smiled.
"No ones taking her from you, babe." Dean laughed. "Can I tell them her name, or do you want to."
"Hey, hey, hey. Sshhhh, just me." He whispered. Castiels eyes welled up with tears when he looked at Dean. "No, no, no, please don't cry."
He sped all the way to his bedroom and collapsed face first on his bed with a grunt. He forced himself to roll onto his back and at least kick off his boots. He lied in bed staring at the ceiling, his thoughts too loud for his own head. Suddenly the silence was the loudest sound he had ever heard so he grabbed his headphones and turned on some Lynyrd Skynyrd. He was content listening to his music until Free Bird came on. The faint memory played in his mind. It was right before they were going to go fight the devil. Right before Ellen and Jo died in the explosion. That night he kept hitting on Jo, trying to compensate for whatever he was curious about with Cas. Castiel was downing shots like they were nothing. He looked so cute and clueless back then. So innocent. He remembered after Jo and Ellen went to bed, Bobby and Sam were talking on the porch, and him and Cas were left alone in the kitchen.
"So?"
"Hm?" Cas asked.
Dean is surprised but happy when he comes home to his apartment to find Cas on his laptop sitting on the sofa.
Donna smiled before making grabby hands to take the baby. Cas reluctantly let go of her for the first time in an hour, but smiled as everyone got a look at her.
"No Meg?"
He sat right down in the sand and watched the early morning sky as the sound of water crashed along the shore. The sand was wet against his denim. He felt his phone buzz in his pocket but he ignore it. He just wanted to ignore the world right now.
Lucky bastards
"How'd you turn me into such a softy?" Dean chuckled.
"Meg as in-"
"No It's just, I don't know... pretty domestic. Like we're an old married couple who's not afraid to be comfortable around each other."
"Because maybe I want to think about you. While I'm gone I can't touch you so I'll have to opt for photos. You truly are beautiful, Dean. I don't tell you that enough."
A little bit of smut definitely nsfw
"Is that so?" Dean smiled pecking a kiss on Cas's lips.
Castiel had to think about what Dean was really asking for a moment.
"My forte is somewhere along the lines of both hyperrealism and fauvism, but it varies. I often draw landscapes and places. More than anything I paint angels, and I've started to dabble with biblical accuracy in them."
"Hell if I know. And I don't. Your little boy got in the back door."
"Very, very much." Dean smirked with a little chuckle.
Dean looked back at Death and suddenly had an idea. The chains that bound him were strengthened together by Cas's aura. So there had to be some kind of connection between the two, right?
"...Can I join you?" Castiel murmured. Dean smiled and took his hand. They walked into the bathroom together blushing profusely. As soon as the door was shut, Castiels lips were on his. Soft and insistent. Warm and wet. The smooth glide of his tongue, tasting every inch of his mouth. Dean whimpered into the kiss, unable to believe he almost gave this up. Castiel pulled him out of his clothes in probably record time. He kissed every part he could reach, and Dean allowed himself to be swept away. Allowed himself to be praised, even though he didn't deserve it. Cas sucked marks on his neck, jaw, shoulders, collar bone, chest. Marked him up with kisses until Dean was panting.
Dean drove for what must've been hours on end because when he finally stopped for gas, he somehow went from Lebanon Kansas, to Mesa Colorado. He didn't stop driving though. He wanted to drive off the end of the world. Crash and burn. Nothing else mattered anymore. He finally forced himself to think about Castiel. Dean knew he loved him. Something that sat low in his gut that he didn't want to admit out loud.
A feather.
"I missed you, too." Dean said laughing. "C'mon, Sam and Gabe invited us out for a double date."
"I know. I'll drive and we can, just-" Castiel got up and walked over to Dean to hug him close. He carded his fingers through Deans hair until Dean relaxed into his shoulder. Dean was faintly aware of Cas humming Yesterday from the Beetles and smiled to himself before leaning up to kiss him, soft, deep and slow.
Thump.
"Who was that?" Dean asked. Castiel simply jumped on Dean wrapping his arms around his neck and kissing his cheeks.
"He said he's willing to pay eighty four grand for the one painting. And I'm bringing some of my other ones to sell there too."
"Cas, this is-" he leaned forward to look even closer at the fine details. "This is amazing. What gave you the idea?"
"Ugh don't say 'coitus' ever again." Castiel rinsed the sink before going back to find Dean in the bedroom. He stopped in the doorway when he found Dean in one of the pairs of panties though. Dean hadn't worn these yet. They were baby blue lace and if they were the pair Cas thought they were then they were a thong.
"Kelly?" Cas asked. "What are you doing here? You're supposed to be in heaven."
A little before nine he heard a knock on the door and knew it was Dean.
Dean hadn't been as nervous to fly this time around, Cas could tell. They flew in first class again since he got another painting deal that offered him another fifty grand. At this rate he was seriously thinking of buying them a house since he had the money. A lot of it that he didn't know what to do with it. They were nearing the end of his flight and Dean was much more relaxed with some complementary champagne in him. Dean kept shifting in his seat, but Cas knew it wasn't from his fear of planes. He leaned in close and whispered:
"I understand where your coming from." Castiel said.
"What the fuck?!"
"No. It was absolutely horrible. That's why I came screaming, untouched and probably bruising your shoulders." They both chuckled a bit as they straightened up. Dean pulled his pants and panties back up, smiling once he remembered he wore them. Castiel on the other hand, his clothes were soiled and sweaty so he just stripped bare in the living room before stalking up to the bedroom to change. He smiled to himself once again feeling so happy and content. He collapsed back onto the couch from the sheer exhaustion of it all, before his mind wandered back. Suddenly he heard the humming again and his own voice that wasn't his own asking him.
"Just like her father." Cas smiled.
"How did you sleep?" Dean asked.
Dean and Castiel pack their bags to go to Birmingham for Balthazar's art show. Dean is super anxious about flying, but Cas offers to give him Xanax on the flight.
"Please, Cas... I need you. I-" Dean didn't get to finish the sentence before the chains clattered to the ground and he saw the man bundled on the trench coat on the ground.
The past week had been stressful. Sam was finally settled and moved into Deans flat, but school was killing Dean. He was working his ass off trying to make Boeuf Bourguignon as a part of his final. When he decided to join the culinary arts he never expected it to be so strenuous. But it was finally Wednesday. It had been five of the longest days of his life since he had last seen Castiel. Normally hook ups for Dean were one time things, but he was glad that he was getting to see Castiel again. After all, Friday had probably been the hottest night of his life and he wasn't objected to having a night like that again.
The first thrust caused Dean to gasp out before he started to grind down filthy to take Castiel deeper. Dean likes sex rough and hard and often times fast, but Cas had no intention of that tonight. He ignored every little whine and whimper urging Castiel to go faster. He kept with just a smooth steady roll of his hips losing himself in the sensation that was Dean. Dean sucked on his neck hiding his face there and whimpering when Cas brushed his prostate. Castiel kept going for what felt like hours and might have been. Orgasm snuck up on him like the tide of the ocean, pulling him under in a graceful wave. His hips stuttered as he road out his orgasm and then Dean was clenching and fluttering around him.
"In the past, my dating relationships have gotten in the way of my art. If I am going to make a career in my passion, in order to live I can't have distractions." Dean looked away nodding silently. "But I don't find you particularly distracting."
As Castiel was pulling out the mugs in the cupboard Dean spoke suddenly.
"Kelly, is he in the empty now?" Sam asked. She nodded solemnly.
"Like hell!" Kelly snapped. "Our circumstances may not be ideal, but Jack is still my son. I'm going with you."
"I like ya, Cas." John said. "Although I do think you're way out of Deans league. Seriously, you could do better." He chuckled.
Castiel was surprised to hear Dean still there in the morning. The bright sun creeped in through the windows blinding Castiel. He was suddenly very aware of the headache making his vision white and his ears ring as the throbbing sensation in the back of his skull pounded without relent. It didn't take long before his drunken night hit his stomach and he was running to the bathroom.
"You got a better idea? Jack is MIA, and the only angel we got a shot in hell on living, is Cas. And we need this damn thing to bring him home."
"Do you ever, um, top?"
"I swear to god Gabriel I will throw your ass out." Castiel said not in the mood for Gabriel's relentless teasing.
Castiel handed him a cup of coffee before pulling him in for a deep slow kiss, both of them tasting too much like dark roast. Castiel rested a hand on his hip and smirked when he felt the edges of lace on his finger tips. Dean must've noticed too because he blushed in that adorable way he does.
