“I’m afraid I’m a bit under the weather today, Mrs. Hudson, Mr. Holmes,” Rory says from the kitchen, wiping his dirty hands on a used flannel. John steals a furtive glance from his chair by the window as he types up their most recent case; an unsolved one, about a guardsman that nearly died in John’s hands. “Would you be very upset if I came back some other day to finish the sealing on the windows?”
John has more to say, more to ask, but Mycroft’s office isn’t the place. He’s about to speak again when Sherlock’s phone pings. The man reads the incoming message; his back straightens and his attention shifts fully away from John and their conversation to the piece of information that was transmitted to him.
“James.” John says. “The holidays… they’re difficult for everyone. I’m sure this one won’t be easy. I’m here... Um.. we’re here if you need anything. Don’t…” He trails off.
And what about William’s… assumptions? He shouldn’t be surprised, really. Everyone assumed that about them. But what if…? William knew Sherlock. He knew his son’s heart, didn’t he? So does that mean…?
John tries to distract himself from the feeling of butterflies fluttering around his body when his mind chirps uninvited.
John feels Sherlock’s stare like a laser beam. John never mentioned the dinner plans to Sherlock; James Sholto was an uncomfortable part of John’s past and he knew Sherlock could tell as much. They never really discussed
There are lies in every family. He knows that first hand. He experienced it as a son and as a brother. He swore to escape the pattern and do better as a husband. He failed miserably at that, didn’t he? Instead of, for once, doing better, his marriage was so much worse.
There’s something else he needs to take care of though, before all of that. He needs a second opinion.
“Don’t know. They haven’t left the house long enough for Mycroft’s people to install eyes there,” Sherlock exhales. “Only does it when his wife is out of the house or asleep.”
Last time Sherlock came back, John had no inkling what was coming. He wasn’t prepared, and he attacked him like a bruised, frightened animal. Now John knows—not only that he’s coming back, but what Sherlock had done while he was away. Sherlock brought a man back to life-not physically, but by finding him, Sherlock managed to conjure a miracle for his wife and family.
“Why come all the way to London? Your lawyer mentioned she visited you the day before and you refused to sign them.”
They watch each other for a good long minute, both clearly wanting to avoid any attention while holding back a storm of emotions.
John closes his eyes, his heart filled with sadness at the thought. He had no idea James was ever that bad.
He parks the car on the other side of the road from the flat, looking up to the windows of the second floor. The building is pitch black; if Sherlock had been in John would have seen some movement or a distant light coming from the kitchen or the fireplace.
“Define ‘successfully’.” David smiles tightly, looking around the room nervously. Mycroft watches him from the back; the odds of Stewart remembering him from his first debriefing are slim, and Mycroft would like to keep it that way.
Except these two have it much worse, don’t they? They'd donly reunited a few hours earlier and now they are sharing their awkwardness with the world.
Ten minutes turn into twenty, and as the signs indicate Buckinghamshire and High Wycombe, David’s car takes an unexpected exit.
John rides back to London alone. Sherlock left for his mother’s house; John volunteered to pack a few things for both of them.
He’d secluded himself in the privacy of his bedroom, waiting impatiently for the timezones to finally make sense for his chat with Lottie, now that she was back in America. He’s got one earphone in his ear to listen to the conversation and the other dropped in his lap so he can listen for John’s tentative steps in the flat in case he comes home earlier than he expected.
Their eyes meet over the table, bright and combative. The room falls into a stubborn silence until John—cooperative thus far—has had enough. He stands from the table, grabbing his jacket and heads for the door.
John squirms in his chair as a sense of panic fills him, her words hitting hard like a punch to the gut.
They frown as they leave, bunched together protectively while rushing to get away from her as quickly as possible. Perhaps they were hoping for a bit more sympathy. Women usually do when they encounter her, and the disappointment seems to burn more deeply when she fails to provide it. Her sympathies, should she even be able to conjure any, would do them little good. And conjure them she can’t, anyway. She’d had it far worse than any of them her entire life. Anything noteworthy she’d gained was thanks to herself, and herself alone.
Finally he sits in his chair, taking stock. The violin is in its case, where it belongs. The skull, he’d pushed earlier an inch to the left to its rightful place. He is, by all rights, in
”I think you’re a lot like your dad in that sense, and I’ve learned to come to terms with that I suppose. You never needed anyone but yourself, I know that. But you’re… different. You’ve been different so long. You’re suffering.”
“John, please, you’re reading too much into this,” Sherlock says. “I spent two months with the man thinking he was an abused, suffering prisoner of war. Yes, I may not have divulged everything. It seemed inconsequential at the time but now—”
“Observations made in the field by my best case-officer,” Mr. Berenson says. “My protégé, if I may toot my own horn. Based on nothing but gut feeling, but I can’t deny, there’s something there.”
Sherlock steals a scandalized glance, and John can’t help but cheekily smile at him; he’d managed to somehow rattle him with his morbid cynicism.
He takes another step forward, holding his breath, closing the distance. They’re nearly touching now; almost, but not yet. There’s a crease in Sherlock’s forehead he can’t seem to decipher, so he tries again. “I’ve waltzed before, you know. I’m not a complete basket case.”
“It’s like a different universe, isn’t it?” John asks. “Afghanistan. Like it resides in its own space, its own time. Somehow I both miss it and hate it.”
“She shot him,” John says quietly. “He needed my help because she shot him. What was I supposed to do?”
“I thought you wanted nothing to do with reporters,” she says, wiping her hands on a towel hesitantly. “That you have nothing to say to them.”
It’s been a long while since they last spoke about Mary; there’s a reason for that. The memories are still painful and John still resents both of them. He resents her for trying to break them apart even after she died. He resents Sherlock for listening to her, treating her poisonous posthumous words as directives.
There’s always someone, isn’t there? Every once in a long while, someone comes along and grabs Sherlock’s attention.
His resolve had become so strong while he was away. He’d managed, with superhuman determination, to accept that John would no longer be in his life in any capacity, no matter what. It had cost him his sanity, his identity, and in a number of reckless moments, nearly his own life. If John is looking for him, he would find him.
And yet, the question remains; why would David choose Elin, an insignificant journalist representing an insignificant publishing house, to tell his story? He’d rejected nearly every other big name in the industry, ones which arguably would have offered more significant amounts of money in return.
Jane Doe also claimed she had revealed the abuse to Sister Sofie two days before the nun disappeared. Supposedly, the teacher promised her that she would take care of it, essentially blaming Father Conneely of the nun’s murder in an attempt to cover up the truth about the abuse.
“I… it’s hard to say.” David shakes his head. “Years, I’d say. But not sure how many. The first and only time I got some glimpse into the outside world was after Britain left Afghanistan. They showed me a cut out of a piece in The Guardian about it. I saw the date then.”
John knows he’s just looking for excuses to see Sherlock. They’re always welcome here, officially, but the lines are a bit blurrier than usual these days. He’s working so hard to balance his need to be around the detective and giving him the space he swore he would give him, but right now his resolve is weakened.
“Here’s a towel. There are toiletries inside. And I bought you some new clothes, so why don’t you take this off—”
, he thinks desperately. He wishes he could say Sherlock Holmes isn’t that man; that he wouldn’t leave John behind willingly, wouldn’t run around the world doing the government’s ugly business, wouldn’t use another person’s heart like that.
“Soup.” John blurts out and everyone looks at him. “Mrs. Hudson. She sent soup. And condolences, of course. Leek and potatoes, it’s a crowd-pleaser.”
Sherlock knows they've been caught when she blows a raspberry in the direction of the kitchen. With one last private smile he extracts his nose from her hands. “No cracked heads,” he says, avoiding John's knowing smile. “You said there was a cab waiting?”
“Just my luck,” John murmurs, rubbing his face in frustration, as though wishing to scrub the headache away. He’d been called in for a very rare afternoon shift at the surgery, something he hadn’t agreed to do for weeks. They insisted, claiming that a wave of the flu (stomach and otherwise) had been particularly bogging them down this week, taking some of the surgery’s staff with it.
They’re sitting in Lestrade’s office minutes later. Sherlock is buzzing and hovering around in excitement over the plethora of new information. Files, test labs have been coming in all morning. Additional officers join them as they discuss the current situation.
"Sherlock and I talked about those incidents extensively." David turns to Sherlock, who nods, his movement barely noticeable. He's looking away from John as much as he possibly can. "You apologized to Sherlock, he mentioned that."
He breathes in, deeply and heavily. Scents of frying oil, vinegar and the saltiness of fish fill his nose, his lungs. There are no tablecloths on the old, rickety tables, no napkins. It’s a no-frills establishment, much like the man who owns it.
“I… you have to remember, they would throw me into a dungeon in order to torture me for days on end,” he says. “I’d… hallucinate. Lose consciousness, in and out. I can’t say my state of mind was very... coherent.”
He turns and walks back towards the other man. “Of course I will, of course. I never even asked how the visit today went.” He says and raises a palm to briefly touch Sherlock’s arm in what he hopes Sherlock sees as an apology. “I’m sorry. How was it?”
Still, despite the compliment, he isn’t as young as he used to be. Fatherhood brings with it under-eye circles and softness around his midsection; Sherlock will probably find some stain John has been walking around with and hasn’t noticed all day.
This baby, conceived right around the time Sherlock was teaching her father to dance, giving himself wholeheartedly to the industrious enterprise of seeing the man in his arms marrying another.
“Ernie was supposed to spend the evening with me that night. We always ate dinner at half-past seven, but he never showed up. I was waiting for him by the window, you know, because it was so unlike him to be late. I was worried. Then, around, oh, half past nine, I saw Jamie dropping him off and when Ernie came in, his shirt was full of blood.”
“Indeed,” he says far too delightfully, thrown by her accent; it’s American alright, New England, for sure—with dropped Rs and funny sounding mergers. Well practiced, first nature, but there’s an English undertone he finally catches when she speaks next:
“Terribly,” Sherlock grumbles, looking away in frustration, “he barely speaks, doesn’t eat. Screams in his sleep.”
“I should go. Thank you, Dr. Watson,” Rory says, offering one last apologetic smile, bending down to pick up his hoards of tools boxes. Before he comes up, though, he doubles back, dizzy. “
Still, bad things happen. Most of what Sherlock experienced, most of his growing pains, were not his fault. His unique brain is both a gift and a curse, John knows that very well by now, and he's not the first to battle addiction.
“Yes, Yes. More.” He begs stupidly and they begin to rock into each other, harder and harder. Sherlock spreads kisses on his neck, on his jaw. He grabs John's hair gently and tilts his head to lick a spot right below his ear.
“I promise it poses no competition to Three-Continents-Watson,” Sherlock says leaving John delighted, completely delighted with wherever this conversation is going. “Though one of them was one of Mycroft’s friends.”
“I saw the tapes of the first hours after your rescue in Gaza,” Mycroft says. “You appeared to have known that Palmer was dead when one of the operatives broke the news to you.”
He blinks, careful not to move as he squints in order to get a better look. And when he finally does, when the shadows move just so, his breath catches in his throat.
“We can’t do this without you, Mr. Holmes,” Edwin says. “Now that Stewart knows he’s been under watch, things could be progressing very quickly.”
John struggles with the portable high chair they brought with them and finds a banana to settle her before she fusses too loudly. He putters around the unfamiliar kitchen for the makings of tea with toast and finally sits down next to her, sharing small slices of bread with her.
“For what it’s worth…” John hesitates, picking his word carefully. “For what it’s worth, the thing with James was off-putting, but… it’s… it’s not anymore.”
Mary not only fooled him that first night they met, she blinded him. And he, fuelled by the desire to pacify John’s anger, let himself be fooled so willingly, just so he could keep John by his side.
John offers a sad, sympathetic frown. He doesn’t remember his first night as a widower. He doesn’t really remember his first week as a widow, to be honest. It’s all a big blur.
“I think you’re full of shit, Stewart.” Aldridge points at David. “Somebody screwed up and I think it was you. I bet you love this, don’t you? Wild Man Stewart comes home like a hero, shaking the bloody Secretary of State’s hand so that these fuckers can feel good about themselves.”
“Yeah, good,” John says and looks around, searching for something more comfortable to spend the next few hours on. The bed beckons; he gives in to the siren call of a soft mattress now that he’s been tasked with hours worth of reading materials.
Alison takes a big, grounding breath, determined to pull David out of his reverie and doing much the same for Sherlock. “Are you hungry?” she asks and David shakes his head. “How about a shower?”
David’s lips part fractionally with understanding. Sherlock has to hand it to him; he’s good. He maintains an impressive façade, indeed. “So let me ask you again. Did you slip Nadi a razor blade?”
There was never really any other choice for John, he thinks. Once he realized he might lose Sherlock forever this time, John knew there was not, and never will be, anyone else. He didn't lie to Sherlock when he told him he will always wait for him to choose him, to come back to him.
“I wouldn’t worry. He’s probably at the Parashars.” Mrs. Holmes says and John raises his eyes in question at that. “I thought you mentioned meeting Priya yesterday?”
“I barely knew him myself. He was… a character, back in his heyday, the wrong crowd to get mixed up with. Petty thefts, I’ve been told. Hung around with rough crowds in Chelmsford,” she says. “Well, he passed away, and my Mum has been ill for a while, so I came over to make the arrangements. Funeral, clearing out the flat, all of that.”
It takes John a good, long minute to recognize the man from such a distance through the early noon drizzle. Eventually, his eyes settle on a solitary figure on the promenade overlooking the Thames traffic, sitting on a bench next to a shabby chippy not far from Victoria Embankment Gardens.
**“One day they took me out of the building and had me standing in front of a wall. The lot of them stood in front of me with their guns ready, like a firing squad, then had my eyes covered. They told me to count to ten. And I… I wet myself. And I cried. I wailed like a wounded animal. And they all fired at once, but not at me. Just… around me. And they laughed. They laughed and laughed.” **
The problem is that, not unlike during the period after Mary shot him, Sherlock seems to be the one most determined to unite her with John. In being stubbornly supportive of the woman who put a bullet through his heart, Sherlock is Mary’s accomplice in breaking John's.
“Yes,” Mycroft says. “Despite what you think, people do see the value you bring to this country, Sherlock, And Lady Smallwood was thankful for your attempt to assist her with Magnussen.”
“Do you remember anything at all being out of place that day?” Jenkins asks. “Anything at the compound that seemed out of the ordinary?”
“Al,” David says, taking another careful step forward. “You have every right to be mad at me. I know I've been impossible, and I know I can't just vanish for a few days like that…”
John’s blinking in horror, his brain unable to parse that sentence. “What in god’s name does that even mean, Sherlock?” John is outraged. “You can’t honestly...”
He tried walking among the crowds earlier, but felt overwhelmed and overstimulated by the fast moving vehicles, the language he doesn’t understand, the people pushing and shoving. His body is vibrating with the need to DO SOMETHING. The worst part in this entire “adventure” he’s on is the waiting. He’s not built for sitting around and waiting. He needs cases, problems to solve. He never bothered to prepare to actually play tourist here.
“See, the Mary Morstan I knew wouldn’t do that. She would know better than to interfere with somebody else’s covert operation,” Mrs. Norbury says. “Or rather, Gabrielle Ashdown did. Or Anna Dobb. Or Danielle Wren.”
“It’s not going to be OK if she comes back, Sherlock,” John says. “Can you understand why? You can’t walk out like that expecting no consequences when you return.”
“She was good. Very good. She was hard to read and though it’s rare, it’s been known to happen before. Mostly with women.”
, so heartwarming, that John can’t help but beam at him. They eat in comfortable silence while John gathers his strength when Sherlock suddenly speaks.
“I agree with John on this, Sherlock. Sending him back to live with Mary despite the severe marital problems they were experiencing was not your choice to make.”
In light of that, I was hoping to dive more into the layers of each of these characters and to explain, at least to myself, some of the things that didn't make sense in canon. I hope I did it well.
“Mycroft, I need access to the files the Germans made on David,” John hears Sherlock say. “The ones with the photos taken at Fritzlar.”
“What?” John blinks, the deluge of details causing his brain to stutter. “His.. what? That’s… It can’t be.”
“Jesus, don’t—” John blurts out in frustration, throwing accusatory glances at Mycroft and Edwin. He turns, watching Sherlock walking away from the group just as confidently as he’d approached them. “
"That I am." Saul nods thoughtfully. "And if I were a gamblingman, I'd wager that Mr. Holmes doesn't know you're here, and wouldn't approve if he did."
Rosie demands his attention by calling out some unidentified jumble of words, smiling warmly up at him. He smiles, too, never taking his eyes away from the man on the hill.
“Will do,” Billy says, and the video blurs as Billy moves around the store. “This is when it gets interesting.”
John always admired Sherlock. He thought of him as a bright lighthouse in the darkness that was his past life in Afghanistan.
“Welcome to the jungle.” Gemma winks, nodding appreciatively. “Get some sleep. You’re going to need it.”
Gabriel’s eyes switch quickly between Sherlock and Alexander and he moves towards them, trying to grab Alexander.
But he wasn’t dead; there was no silence; only the steady rhythm of his stubborn, traitorous heart, a brutal proof of his own cursed survival.
David is out of control, and his absence from his house leaves Sherlock completely cut off from the constant information feed he’d got used to.
“John,” Sherlock says and takes the headphones off one ear, apparently still listening with the other. He scans John from head to toe; deducing him.
The takeout John ordered arrives soon after. Sherlock steps in a few minutes later while John sets a table for two. Sherlock's hair is tossed, his cheeks pink. He probably spent the hour walking, trying to clear his head.
He blinks when he realizes Mycroft’s image is no longer on the screen. He missed that last part of the conversation, he supposes.
Sherlock is adamant on figuring this out for her, on saving her from herself. He’s more than welcome to give it a go. She doesn’t know what Mycroft or his colleagues have in store for her - now that she’s no longer pregnant and having pulled a disappearing act, she assumes she’s fair game.
Sherlock opens his eyes, waiting for his brain to come online. It takes him longer than usual to orient himself in his surroundings these days. Moving from country to country will do that to you, even if you’re incredibly clever.
Unseeing, he stares at the thick stack of papers in front of him. A petition for divorce- this is what he gets for his attempt at giving humanity a second chance. A short, painful marriage he thought would solve all his problems. In the end, he disappointed himself, his soon-to-be ex-husband, and everyone else around him.
"It says here..." John says quietly, looking at Mycroft. He tries to gauge whether Mycroft is aware of this detail or not. He looks back to find a stock-still Sherlock. "Dementia? With a background of PTSD?"
might. Or worse still, if Sherlock ends up hurt or dying fighting to save a wife John has been cheating on... John would never be able to live with that knowledge. Literally.
“Right, right.” John blinks, looking away. There’s a tension in Sherlock’s body he’s unable to decipher. “So what’s next?”
“You didn’t have to borrow a dress,” he says, looking up. “I know things have been… tight, but you should allow yourself new clothes.”
I edited this chapter quite heavily post beta. If you find something terribly disastrous it's my fault, not my betas'.
“Where did you take it?” John says and beams at Sherlock’s face. They’re so close to each other, encapsulated by the warmth of the blanket.
“Was it?” David asks, looking deep into John’s eyes. “Was it really? Was it worth your injury? Your job? The life you had before you left?”
“We need to get this under control, Sherlock, so let’s not dawdle,” Mycroft demands. “Why did you contact Corporal Stweart yesterday?”
“If Alexander is involved, it’s only in the sense that he’s Gabriel’s love interest. I analyzed the pills I took from James’ bag; the containers claimed to contain antidepressants and anti-anxiety medication but the actual compounds I found when I analyzed the pills didn’t match. Yes, I think he hired someone. And he probably left for Hong Kong for a while in an attempt to build a solid alibi for himself.”
“Give them some privacy, for Christ’s sake,” John grunts, reaching for the screen and pressing the power button.
“I just spent the last forty-eight hours telling the army everything you could possibly need about this, Mycroft,” Sherlock says pointedly, “and looks like I’m due for another round.”
“Hello Watson,” Sherlock says brightly. To her utter joy, Rosie takes first precedence in the greetings scale.
They took the tube back from the rental agency and John was deadly silent still, growling and grunting in response to the few times Sherlock tried to address him.
They go back to John’s flat. It’s a short walk and Rosie needs her dinner. John is anxious, anxious to have Sherlock all to himself. He’s right here in his flat, so close. Alas, toddlers cannot be ignored and they must be fed, bathed, and put to sleep. They cautiously circle each other for a few hours. John steals glances, cataloging the various subtle changes in the man.
“I enjoyed hiking in Austria. I wanted to explore that a bit more,” Sherlock says. “I’m joining a guided group that leaves from London to Peru. It’s a bit more... Extreme.”
He closes his eyes as he remembers Sherlock’s confession, his admission of guilt over not recognizing his father’s condition. John knows the feeling himself, knows it intimately. He won’t let Sherlock carry the guilt over something he wasn’t responsible for. He knows all about lies, about letting your family slip away, about living a life full of regrets. It’s time that they talk. Properly.
David doesn’t, though. Instead, he follows her into the kitchen and watches her puttering around. When tea is finally served she takes his hand and sits him down; they stare at each other wordlessly for a long moment before she speaks.
“I think we should bring Stewart in,” Sherlock says. “To the interrogation. To confirm who this person is, see what they tell us about each other. With any luck, Khoury might just be the one to give Stewart away.”
, he’d felt like his entire respiratory system had gone up in flames, and he’d rather not experience that again.
Sherlock doesn’t even dignify the question with an answer. Instead, he grabs his laptop, logs into his Facebook account and begins typing a new private message.
“Hmmm.” Mycroft smiles tightly, scanning John from head to toe. “Have a good day. Do give my best to Mrs. Watson.”
He feels dizzy, unsure whether it’s of a sense of relief or foreboding. He knows where to find Sherlock now. He'd been here, most likely even come back here, and Mycroft had been telling the truth; Sherlock’s work involving Corporal Stewart is indeed not over.
“Now you get out of here and don’t ever show your face here again, do you hear me?” Aldridge says. “Or I’ll tell the press you and that wanker detective have been harassing a traumatized war veteran. Did you hear me?”
His throat catches when he suddenly realizes what it was that Mrs. Holmes saw this morning in the kitchen.
He breathes in, trying to regroup. He moves closer to Sherlock, grabbing his hand between both of his, holding on as tight as possible.
“I don’t know what the dinner was about, or what it was supposed to be.” John confesses. “It was weird that he asked, that he came to London in the first place, but I didn’t get the sense anything sinister was going on.’
John thinks for a moment when suddenly the realization hits him. “His left side was incapacitated in Afghanistan. He can barely move it.” He says. “He had to learn how to use his right after the injury.”
He sighs and steals a glance at the telly. Breaking updates have been coming in all morning about a British POW found alive by NATO and Israeli forces in the Gaza Strip, right on the border with Egypt.
“Are you sure?” Sherlock asks. He wipes another droplet of water dripping from the musty stones of the old tunnel near Euston Road.
There was one unnerving, unforgettable conversation with Mary a few months ago, at an ungodly time of night. Rosie had been crying for three hours straight and was finally dozing off, exhausted from effort. They both laid down on the bed, just as exhausted, staring at the ceiling.
“David, I know things have been difficult, and… I- I know you don’t like the man you’ve become. I can’t blame you.” Alison takes a big breath. “But… I can't keep paying for that.”
“We’re not stuck here, Mary,” he says, “we’re raising a baby. You were the one who wanted to go on full maternity leave. You can go back to work tomorrow, for all I care.”
And it breaks his heart. This cycle won’t end with him, will it? He’s going to have to lie again, to a certain extent, to Rosie. There will come a day when she asks about her mother. And what can he tell her that will settle her mind and won’t tear at her heart?
Frustrated and rejected, he exhales loudly and turns to move from the bridge. “Maybe we should go back.” He mumbles as he begins walking away.
“Those are pretty common,” Lestrade sits back, chewing loudly. “Ally had them too. Nothing to worry about.”
“Look at you, playing hide and seek in the streets of London under an assumed identity.” Lestrade says, approaching Sherlock with a hand in his pocket. “This is exciting, meeting underground like this. Very ‘All The President’s Men.’”
“No, of course not,” Sherlock says. “Mostly Jordan and Israel. A short stint in Turkey and Syria. Mainly negotiations and following up on leads provided by assets.”
“Of course I came, Palmer was my soldier,” Aldridge says, finally sitting down at the top of the table, right across from David. “And here we got a live one back, too.”
It only takes a dozen or so pulls before John’s body tenses abruptly, grabbing Sherlock’s hair tighter than ever. Sherlock feels the warm droplets spreading all over his torso, marking him with John’s tangy smell.
His friend bruised his face and his ribs, the wounds still visible and aching. A friend who hadn't bothered to apologize for inflicting any of this on him.
Hamish ,known to his friends as Jamie, as it turned out, was an ambitious, promising young man. Army service was a family tradition for the Watsons—John’s grandfather was the last in a long line of naval officers who served Queen and Country faithfully. John’s father, on the other hand, was promptly disqualified due to a back surgery he’d undergone as a child.
Mycroft’s nonchalant, barely noticeable smirk is an open invitation for a sucker punch. It’s all John can do not to take him up on it.
David, had listed as many reasons as one person could have to harm Aldridge. A motive, an opportunity and alibi, all wrapped up in one night up at a cabin.
“You were still a practicing Catholic on your last R&R,” Sherlock says, remembering a photograph of David with a priest, from a local newspaper stuffed somewhere among his various ‘David’ dossiers.
“Like what?” David huffs. When Sherlock doesn’t answer, David holds up his hands as if to signal a truce. “Fine,” he sits down at the small table on the porch of the cabin. “Ask me anything.”
He places one of the memory cards in the camera. It’s fully charged, just as they’d promised it would be. He moves deeper into the back of the attic, away from the door, and presses play.
"You have a gun," David says. "Hold it over my fucking head and ask me anything. I'll show you how wrong you are."
“Me,” Sherlock says quickly. “She was quite adamant about it. I… we’re not very comfortable around each other.”
“That’s rather rich, coming from a secretary,” the woman says with far too much satisfaction. “Don’t underestimate secretaries. They know
Edwin sits back with a sigh, removing a pair of glasses. “So he claims to have killed Corporal Palmer himself?”
, he’d like to tell Sherlock, the memories of that time coming back to him. John had hated it all. Months on end of sitting in the same room with Mary and Sherlock, buzzing around like over excited bees discussing colours and flower arrangements and fabrics. He’d sit there like a grumpy grandfather, searching for new cases to pique Sherlock’s interest.
John steps into the dark, noiseless house. He peeks around corners and feels like he’s entering an abandoned museum.
“We let her down. I still don’t understand how she... I saw her every day but never really saw her, did I? That’s when Harry started to drink. She went from drinking with her mates once a week to a full drunk after we learned about the sexual abuse. She kept saying that she was a terrible daughter, that she had let her down. That as a woman she should have seen the signs. I don’t know what her being a woman has anything to do with that. Any man with eyes in his head should be able to notice these things too. She fooled us completely. I’ll never understand how.”
A few days later, Alison's voice rings through Sherlock's headphones, dragging him away from documents detailing Yasser Khoury's biography and questionable career choices.
“We can just… What do you call it, delete it. I’ll... I’ll make do with what... With whatever we always were. But I’m not... You can’t…”
“I thought I’d do the right thing and warn David,” Sherlock says. “You were the one who told me it’s best just to talk to him. Why are you so—”
But no, he’s been down that road before. He’d said his goodbye to Sherlock once, abandoned and broken-hearted, and he’s not falling for that again. If Mycroft wants John to accept that Sherlock is dead, he’ll have to present him with a body. He’s not even sure that will be convincing enough.
He has no idea how to tell Sherlock about his straying eye, the middle-of-the-night texts. He hopes he never has to, but if Sherlock decides to go out of his way to find Mary,
“Sherlock, there’s no finger-pointing at you in this, do you understand? Especially not when it’s coming from your mother, your brother, even your uncle. Their actions are what tore your family apart. Your mother went through the same experiences as your Dad did and she’s fine. Suffering traumas doesn’t necessarily lead to dementia. He could have gotten it anyway, do you hear me?”
Sherlock goes quiet for a minute, then continues. "At the time I was thankful to her. She immediately asserted her dominance, if you'd like. She promised she'll turn him around, convince me to talk to him. And she did. In many ways, I felt like I owed her our continued friendship for a long time after that."
“One of Mummy’s more misguided ideas.” Sherlock says and they laugh amicably. “Amit hated it too and Priya would always tag along. We’d end up searching for fossils on the beach instead, every day.”
The dismissal takes all the air out of John’s lungs, swiftly and unexpectedly. Of course he’d think that. The man who’d proposed marriage in order to get into an office. Well, propose and… Lord knows what else he did to get Janine’s attention.
“I’ve been… asking questions. About what’s real and what’s not in my personality. About who I was before Eurus, and who I'd have been like today without her interference.”
John’s brain finally picks up on the hint. He pulls his wallet out, grabbing the notes and handing them to the man.
“Sherlock is what I consider a neurodiverse person. I haven’t made an official, complete diagnosis but as a doctor, I’m sure you won’t be surprised by that assessment.”
The next morning he wakes on the sofa again. Mary’s steps around the kitchen rouse him in the middle of a dream. She doesn’t wake him this time.
Of course the marriage isn’t perfect—it never could have been. It was doomed, cursed, right from the start, from the minute Mary snaked into John’s life under a false identity. But Mary, whomever she might be, loves him. She chose him.
"What do you think?" She puts her hand on her hips consciously, her hair still damp from the shower. "It's for the gala. Vicky said I could borrow it.”
“It was William who chased him around at first, tried to talk sense into him. I refused to see my boy lying in a gutter, that’s what I told William back then. He never listened to me anyway.” She says, calming down a bit. “And when he stopped listening to William, Mycroft was the last resort. Rudy's been dead by then, but if he weren’t he would have put a stop to all that nonsense, I’m sure.”
“How may I help you?” She asks, her interest piquing by what is clearly the most exciting thing that happened in this area in a while.
. Whenever we finish a session I swear it’s the last time, but…" he stops to regroup. "We’ve reached a point where many things have been…
“That’s not what happened at all,” Sherlock says solemnly, chewing a gingernut while watching the doctored video on repeat.
“Yes, but as I said - my brother is a nosy, overprotective imbecile. He’s no right in demanding that John step away from… me.”
“I pray every day… that you never lose sight of what you committed to do in our name,” the man continues. “Don’t fall for their lies. I promised you Allah's forgiveness and, inshallah, you will earn your place in heaven next to him.”
He'd always known that Sherlock is different. That he manages quite well with the emotional bonds most people need to survive their everyday lives... but to think that Sherlock doesn't see, doesn't recognize it when people care about him. It fills him with sadness. He must have felt so, so lonely his entire life.
He finishes changing her, balancing her on his hip as he descends the stairs from his (old?) bedroom at 221B to the sitting room. An unplanned guest rang the bell as he was taking her up, so he looks over to Sherlock and the second person in the room.
Mrs. Poole sinks into her chair with a sigh, disappointment whittling down the feisty energy she’d brought with her the second she stepped into the flat. She stares unseeing at John, lost in thought. “That’s…”
“The fact that you still rely on polygraph tests is appalling, Mycroft.” Sherlock tells his brother as they watch David taking the test through one-way glass just outside Mycroft’s office.
Sherlock becomes painfully aware of the tingling wave of dread climbing up the vertebra in his back, slowly but surely.
“God,” John scoffs and goes to grab his coat from his chair when Sherlock looks away, unable to respond. “You know, I’m jealous of you.”
) is a good-looking man. He’s slightly shorter than Sherlock with a stylish swoop of dark hair on his head and intelligent hazel eyes. He’s about as elegant as you’d expect from a man who specializes in accessories in this sort of place.
“Your bedside manner leaves a lot to be desired, Lestrade,” he says. “I won’t be a minute, I assure you.”
, the dam opens. John closes his eyes in desperation as he’s swept into a wave of emotions so turbulent that he’s sure he might drown. His closed eyes don't stop vertigo from hitting him when their bodies are finally aligned and touch head to toe.
A frustrated sigh escapes him; he's being ignored. Although it's nothing new, it still hurts. Sherlock is the most important person in his life. He still has to wonder sometimes if the sentiment is mutual.
“I thought… I thought I might immigrate, maybe,” David wonders aloud. “One of the boys from our section is hiding somewhere in the Amazon. That sounds delightful.”
How many times had he looked at Sherlock and wondered what made him build the unbreakable fort around himself? Wondered when in time would he need to travel to prevent Sherlock’s heart from hardening?
Rosie is two months old when a woman smiles shyly at him on the bus; she smiles some more when he pulls a daisy out of his hair and hands him a piece of paper signed ‘E’.
David looks at Sherlock. "Did you hear me, Sherlock? It's important for me that you internalize what I just said. That you understand I'm here to protect you and ensure your safety and your best interests."
“On the night of 25 July, 2006, David and Jonathan took their turn on the compound's observation tower for observation duty. According to official reports, insurgents caused a malfunction to the compound's power grid as well as the backup supply, throwing the compound into pitch darkness, which also meant the radio system was gone. They then raided the compound, killing three Afghan ISAF soldiers, wounded 15 British soldiers and apprehanded David and Jonathan.”
Sherlock's eyes were stuck on the lens, unseeing. He waited until the front door shut quietly to close his eyes in defeat.
“I can’t tell you how or why, but I needed to warn you,” Sherlock says. “Don’t give that speech next week.”
“No. God, no, I don’t know anything about that,” John says, raising his hands feigning innocence. “I guess I just have one of those familiar faces.”
They opt for ignoring each other, waiting to see who will be the first one to break. John stands frozen by the counter, staring at the kettle as if it can solve life’s problems. Surprisingly, it’s Sherlock who’s unable to stop himself from speaking first.
“Mummy never sees anything.” He says in half-whisper and John's mouth hangs open in surprise. The bitter pain enveloping Sherlock’s last words leaves him speechless.
“Beautiful. Beautiful. Look at you. Yes.” John encourages him. He can feel the orgasm building, the rhythm turning erratic; one second Sherlock’s body is moving, the next he covers his eyes with the crook of his elbow as he comes, his entire body a dispersing shockwave.
“It was...” John shuffles his legs uncomfortably. “Truth is, Sherlock, the bloke makes me uncomfortable.”
Sherlock steps out slowly, suppressing his tired body’s protests. He stretches and breathes in the salty air. His eyes follow John as he grabs a blanket from the back of the rental car. They head towards the head of the cliff rising above a small, empty bench.
The joke, born purely out of John’s discomfort, triggers the same response John has seen many times on the faces of those who’d had their sense of humour professionally removed, usually due to occupation; a stoney face that simply would not yield.
He should thank William for being a gentle, loving presence in his son’s life, even if not a perfect one. He’d like to promise him that he’ll take care of his son, that he’ll love him if he’s allowed to.
“Oh, god.” John's entire body slumps, like a marionette whose strings have been cut off. “You’re not—of course you’re not.”
They had been arguing about baby names, godparents (John wanted Sherlock to be their child's godfather, Mary didn't), the colors for the nursery, the crib he hadn't assembled yet despite promising to, Mary's planned maternity leave. They'd been fighting about marriage counseling before the baby came (John wanted to, Mary didn't) and about John seeing Sherlock more than he sees his own wife.
“He’s not going anywhere and neither are you.” Sherlock says flatly as groups of police officers move slowly towards them from various hideouts, dozens of guns aimed at Gabriel.
Sherlock leans back in his chair at the bolthole, listening to a recording of a conversation David and Elin had earlier that day. Elin was the one who initiated it, calling the number for David’s iPhone instead of his secret burner phone. It seems the two are now keeping two channels of communication: one, where their conversations seem to be above board and completely unhelpful to Sherlock; the other using a burner phone, but that was only used once so far.
“Oh,” Dinah sighs. “He was a kind, gentle soul... loyal, but also quite shy. As we grew older he got into more and more trouble. A small-time crook, they called him back then, but he was always very kind to me. I ended up marrying Leonard, his older brother. That was Lottie’s father.”
“Nothing particular right now,” she says. “We just need some good headshots. Still finalizing everything else.”
“I’ve received a call this morning from Corporal Stewart,” Edwin says. “He’s placed a misconduct complaint with regards to you, Mr. Holmes.”
“You must have some theory about what happened that night,” John says. “David must have talked about it.”
He gets up and takes the stairs slowly to find Sherlock staring out the big sitting room window, rocking his body in slow movements. Rosie is fast asleep against his broad shoulder.
“Is that wise, Sherlock?” Mycroft nods, a sad smile on his face. “Some scabs are better left… untouched.”
The doubt disappears from Sherlock’s eyes. He signs the papers and puts the pen down, staring at the desk.
“And that was it, I never heard from the police again. And then Lottie came back with this necklace, and… well, I don’t know what to tell you. That’s just too many coincidences.”
“CCTV footage of me, entering the bolthole at the exact time an intruder had broken into the Thøgersens’ luxury flat in Ruislip Gardens,” Sherlock forges on, handing the entire pack of dossiers to Sir Edwin. “I was needed at the bolthole in order to listen to John and David’s conversation when they’d met at a pub that night. John can testify that I was there when he came back.”
This is the chapter that earned this story the Mature rating + Sherlock/OMC tag, so tread carefully.
,” he pleads, repeating the words he’d said the day before at the park. “You don’t have to do this.”
His only response is an uninterested hum, already engrossed in the case of the vanishing children’s librarian.
“At this point, I recommend that you make arrangements for transferring William to a hospice. I can recommend a few - very good ones. Mr. Holmes,” She says and turns to look at Mycroft. ”You mentioned you prefer that he stays in hospital but I’m here to represent William’s interests. A hospice is a more soothing environment, both for patients and their families. The medical staff there are just as well trained as a hospital’s staff. So I’d urge you to reconsider.”
David nods before he speaks. “That’s quite common, Sherlock, for a widower to take their ring off. It signals the end of the emotional attachment to their loved one. It means they’ve moved on.”
John never asked, never pried, even when the signs were there that Sherlock's own past was dark, threatening to drown them both. Sherlock—grateful, thankful Sherlock, happy for the opportunity not to reopen old wounds—had returned the favour.
"That he did." Sherlock chuckles. That's what you get for spending the better part of the 1960s volunteering on a kibbutz; that, and a whole host of venereal diseases, one can only imagine.
Hamish Alistaire Watson, the son of a Liverpudlian Naval Officer, stood taller than most men at the time—unlike his only son. Based on a flurry of details he’d had the chance to quickly read through, he assigns John’s shorter stature to a combination of a premature birth and a sickly first few years, dotted with bouts of childhood asthma. A combination Sherlock would
“Quite a bargaining chip to hold over your head,” Sherlock continues in the interrogation room. “Who knows where this evidence is now that Abu Nazir has disappeared? Might be quite useful for a terrorist on the run.”
John hurriedly circles the cabin. It has one window, thick drapes covering it from the inside. He crouches underneath, straining to catch any signs of trouble.
Mycroft joins them at the table, moving to pull something out of his breast pocket. “The Tac Team found this in the Corporal’s attic when they were sent to remove the surveillance equipment from his house.”
"I'm going now," John mumbles, a satisfied smile on his face despite having to rip himself away. "Good night."
the suffering that is weathered by scullyseviltwin is a single chapter fic that does so, so much in such a simple setting. scullyseviltwin is a master writer and you should read everything else she wrote. If she ever gave fic writing lessons I'd be the first in line.
“That it all sounds standard. ‘Standard torturing techniques’.” David laughs incredulously. “Can you believe their nerve?”
From his vantage point in his chair, Sherlock indulges the man and his need for inane conversations as he searches for his jacket.
“You’re welcome. I like chocolate too.” James says and turns to look at Sherlock. “I need to thank you again, Mr. Holmes. You saved me far too many times.”
John can only stand and stare, his body demanding that he moves closer to the other man, but this is Sherlock’s last opportunity to say a proper goodbye to his father. It’s not John’s place to interfere.
“No need to go to the trouble of getting some sort of official pardon,” Lady Smallwood says. “You’re off the hook, Mr Holmes. You’re home and dry.”
“Look who’s up and about again!” Lestrade greets him far too loudly, drawing attention. “Welcome back, sunshine.”
the idiot?” John huffs, looking at Mycroft for support. “You’re the one who’ll jump in front of a bullet aimed at her. I won’t have that, Sherlock. I won’t! She’s MY problem.”
He’d spent the better part of the morning lying wide awake in a bed that wasn’t his, the empty space on it a void tugging painfully at his heart.
“We’d like you to connect with him, listen to him. Get him to speak about his time in Afghanistan leading to his kidnapping, or even better, about his time in captivity,” Mycroft says.
“Thought you might say that,” Mycroft calls out from his place in the sitting room. “Had you downgraded to not having a sword hanging over your head at any given moment, instead.”
The rest of conversation is nothing but a haze, his brain humming restlessly like a beehive under attack. Later he recalls Lottie mentioning that she’ll be visiting with her mother the next day; she hopes her mother will be able to shed some light on her uncle’s past, and why the necklace ended up in his possession.
“What did I lose exactly, when she died? Hmm?” John asks with his palms digging into his eyes. “A lying, runaway wife? A stranger I was minutes away from leaving anyway before she left to die?”
John thinks. He considers the multitudes of questions he has, the answers he needs, but best not to frighten the man now that he’s actually cooperating.
“They did, it was horrible.” Sherlock frowns. “But then came the months in the safehouse. Not a chickpea in sight.”
When I tried to think what Christopher Lyons looks like, Hugh Laurie popped into my head. Make of that what you will.
“Hey,” John assures him with a smile. “It’s alright. This is nice, I like it here.” And he does. John can’t remember the last time he felt so carefree, so casual. Unencumbered enough to be able to enjoy a stroll with Sherlock by his side.
“No, they cannot.” Sherlock shakes his head, just as frustrated. Because John is right—this is a cold case, made even colder by the fact that all key players are long dead.
who you’re sleeping with. I don’t care whether you’re guilty or innocent. I agreed to take this case for one single reason; because John Watson and his daughter are under
He closes his eyes, defeated. He didn’t expect an existential crisis on a Sunday afternoon while Rosie is shrieking inside a glittery pink-and-purple plastic igloo.
“No, of course.” John says quickly, relieved. “Yeah, we’d like to be there. Thank you for the invitation.”
We can all agree I'm capable of writing fics by now, by I still suck at maths 🤷. The chapter count for Part I was incredibly ambitious at 30, but the truth is that I won't need 30 chapters for it. I updated the chapter count and I think Part I will end in about 3-4 chapters. Just so you know.
“Erm...” she hesitates, looking uncomfortably at Lady Smallwood as if asking for permission to speak. “Why, yes. It’s an old family recipe. Do you like them?”
“You see, I’m a patriot, just like you, sir,” David continues as Edwin rushes for his coat. “And it’s in this patriotic spirit that I’m offering you the opportunity to handle this matter internally before I speak to the press about it.”
Sherlock looked at John, not for the first wondering if it was merely a case of mixed signals. Whether it was his unique brain simply misunderstanding the situation, misreading cues.
When the man appears in his sitting room, he smiles and greets them as he always does. He’s standing with his hands in his pockets, waiting to leave for their stroll.
The two men—Mycroft and his superior, the same man who berated Sherlock at the bolthole—watch him as he walks up to them, both their faces entirely inscrutable. John has half a mind to just keep walking, ignoring whatever
. Sounds mad! But he was the love of my life, Mr. Hudson was.” She hums. “There was nobody else for me.”
“Get me some time with,” Sherlock nods and heads for the door at the end of the corridor. “I like doing these things my own way.”
An evidence wall. Notes, pieces of paper, cut-outs of newspaper articles. John had seen Sherlock gather evidence on a wall, just like that, a million times over. This is his work. The notes written in Sherlock’s handwriting aren’t readable—it’s code. They’re only for Sherlock to understand.
“That guy who spoke in there—he was excellent.” John forges on. “Wise words. Do you ever go up there yourself?”
); an itinerary for a trip to Northern Italy later that year; 3 VIP tickets to a Christmas showing of The Nutcracker. There’s a small bag containing old, dried out apple seeds. A stack of papers that makes John cry in shock - it’s a contract with a famous publishing house, addressed specifically to John.
John had agreed to forgive him but was still visibly reeling inside, twisted and coiled somewhere below the surface.
“She kissed me that night,” John continues, his voice cracking. “Surprised me, that. And it all moved quickly from there. She was insistent—you know Mary. She always gets what she wants.”
John wonders whether the lull in distractions - no more case, no more arrangements to discuss - is what’s causing the shift in Sherlock’s mood.
Out of the dossier, she pulls an unmarked, yellowing envelope. Sherlock nearly bends over with curiosity as she hands it over to John. The envelope is small, very small; it’s the sort they use for greeting cards at flower shops, by the kind of people who really don’t have a lot to say.
The details, scant though they may be, prove that he’s not the only one who’s been wondering about Sulman Abu Nazir’s strange trajectory through the Middle East over the past few years.
Confused, Sherlock’s eyes move from one screen to another as David moves around the house, taking the stairs up to the last floor. He closes the door softly behind him.
Sherlock nods back as he opens the door and they walk in. John’s stomach drops when he sees James. His doctor was right; this is a man who hadn’t properly slept in a long, long time. He seems ill, ashen, affected. John notices tiny jerks in his hands despite his rigid form and an unhealthy colouring to his face.
They thank her profusely and head for the shops. They get some chicken, sausages, sides - all premade, John figures it might save everyone a lot of unneeded stress over the next few days.
“David,” Sherlock says, determined to pull the man out of his own mind. “Why did they kill him and not you?”
, he thinks bitterly. There was... pillow talk, which he wasn't able to hear very clearly. David awoke loudly twice from nightmares, but went back to sleep after that.
“Oh, I could ask you the same question,” John says, pointing at the room. “Just… coming in for my quarterly top up. You know what it’s like.”
“There are no scars on either of your thighs that match that description. A screwdriver twisted into the muscle, into the bone, would have left a mark. But there isn’t one,” Sherlock says. “They certainly weren’t there last night.”
“I’m not at liberty to say,” Mycroft says. “The only thing I can say is that at some point I received a request to get his help in the Middle East in an investigation into rumours swirling at the time about two British soldiers considered missing in action.”
“No you’re not. The thing is two sizes bigger than you, you were practically swimming in it at homecoming," she says. "You should have it taken in."
“But that doesn’t explain why Khoury actually used the blade, does it?” John says with a frown. “He didn’t force him to slash his veins.”
The trail display begins subtly enough with fairy lights hanging over ancient trees. As they walk on John notices a small brook to their left;
“Sherlock, what the hell is going on here? What did he mean when he said that Alison knows about Jonathan? What does she know?”
“Well, as long as the Prime Minister is happy,” Sherlock says as he puts his gloves on and slams the back door of the car.
“Yes.” Sherlock nods. “But he survived it, as did Jonathan Palmer. The whole thing was brought to an end thanks to the Musa Qala elders who negotiated a truce. They were then sent to R&R and when they returned, they were stationed in an outpost just outside Farah.”
John watches as Sherlock wordlessly gets up from the table, placing Rosie gently in John’s chair. He then takes his violin and starts playing. John doesn’t recognize the tune, but he rarely does anyway. He doesn’t need to know it to recognize the confusion, the frustration.
Sherlock and John are huddled closely on a bench outside William’s room. They’re waiting for Mycroft and Mrs. Holmes to join them. John fills with dread when he sees them approaching. He never apologized for his outburst the other day and he feels horrible for it. He lowers his eyes, unable to face them.
The waltz is haunting and unfamiliar; there is something joyous in the melody, but every now and then there’s just a tinge of sadness. It is a song of love and pain, a congratulation and a goodbye; it pulls at John’s heartstrings, a perfect soundtrack for the beating of his traitorous heart. And Sherlock… Sherlock is a wonderful teacher and a beautiful dancer and he smells like sandalwood and freshly-cut Hampstead Heath grass and
“It means that it fits well with the man I’ve been treating.” Gabriel says. “He’s a deeply troubled, disturbed man. He was doing well for a long time but things took a turn for the worst recently. He’d been less cooperative in our sessions. Treating him became a real professional challenge for me.”
He and Sherlock had spent the last few hours going over every available note, trying to find holes in the corporal’s story. He only has a few possible threads to pull. The man had been gone for years and his mental condition is yet to be determined.
“I’ll take it from here,” Sherlock says. “Aldridge knows who you are. David’s… well. You won’t be much use going forward.”
Rosie looks at Sherlock with curious yet unrecognizing eyes. Her eyes trail over his scars and his nose, then she looks up to John.
John is stunned to realize it’s only been a week and a half since he sat in his garden and wondered how his life had come to be what it was.
John's face sours and he shakes his head. "Malta. We talked about going to Malta together for the summer." He laughs bitterly. "Well, at least one of us gets to enjoy it."
“Alright.” Mycroft twists his lips angrily, exhaling loudly. “Alright. But we have to bring him back to London. And you’re coming back with us.”
“Comb.” Sherlock's voice is hushed, taking another sip as David grabs a comb from the dresser in the bedroom after a shower.
“Because the trick, Dr. Watson, is waiting for the right time. That’s the difference between soldiers on the ground and rear echelon pencil-pushers like myself—no time for realpolitik when a suicide bomber is headed your way, I get it. But Bin Laden was still the pallbearer at the time. All eyes were on him. Kill him too soon and we’d risk every city between Tel Aviv and Islamabad with nothing left but scorched earth. So we waited for the right time.”
He’d surrounded himself with the two most inhumanly observant people on the planet, but they never really saw the parts of him he wanted them to see.
Just barely, Sherlock tilts his head, in that way that signals he's listening and waiting to hear more.
“And finally, autopsy reports and CCTV of Captain Aldridge’s final hours,” Sherlock says, stuffing his hands in his pockets. “The man was drunk to the gills and had more coke in him than I ever did on my worst day. It was a cold night and he couldn’t seem to find his way to his bedsit. The footage shows him climbing into a trash bin. Rough sleepers do that sometimes, when they’re disoriented and desperate for a warm place to lay their heads. As he jumped into the bin, he slipped and hit his head on his way down. In his state of unconsciousness, he deteriorated over night and never woke up. The trash bin was picked up by city workers roughly 36 hours later, and that’s how his body ended up in the landfill.”
“I wanted to apologize for our disagreement last week,” Elin says. “I understand you were upset. It was wrong of us to come out with the press release for the book deal before we finalized the details.”
“I get it,” he says, hoping to sound rational, sympathetic. “That you’d want to work someplace else. It’s too… crowded, working and living together, claustrophobic. I get that, I do.”
John wakes hours later. Sherlock had always known him to be grumpy during his hangovers, but he’s angrier than he’s ever seen once the other man finally leaves his room.
She laughs and John joins her.  “You never know with these things.” He says and she nods in agreement. Rosie had been a surprise too, after all.
John was conflicted about coming, about attending the funeral. He knew there'd only a handful of people. He isn’t even sure there are any family members, certainly not immediate ones. Alexander isn’t here. Everyone in attendance looks like they feel slightly out of place, slightly put out. He ventures a guess that the one in the grey suit was sent over by a veterans' organization, the only hint to James’ sacrifice for this country.
Please heed the tags - large chunks of this story will revolve around difficult topics such non-consensual sex, emotional and psychological abuse, family estrangement, serious minor characters illness and death and mentions of suicide.
Having mostly slept for the better part of the last forty-eight hours, he’d tossed and turned, his restless mind at odds with his tired body; the former demanding answers, the latter—some proper rest after days (
They texted briefly for a few days after the wedding, during the honeymoon. John checked in on his condition a few times and never heard from James again until that text on a Sunday afternoon.
David turns to Sherlock. “Why would you say you started feeling distressed around that time, and not immediately after you came back?”
Sherlock sits on a nearby bench with Rosie in his lap. They nod to each other in silent understanding and John walks towards James alone.
“No, David… you, you can’t punish yourself over their cruelty,” John says tightly. “Nothing they’ve done to you is your fault. If you do, that means they’ve won.”
He sits back in his chair, waiting impatiently for some movement to be caught by one of the cameras. It’s David’s first night back home since he’d finished his debrief, and Alison was sent a car in order to bring him back in.
He follows Sherlock closely behind as they leave. On the way to Dr. Williams' room, he learns that the man is Sherlock’s maternal uncle.
“Good morning,” he says, stepping over to the counter, puttering around for tea. Mary smiles tightly. “How’s Rosie?”
with you. He had you wrapped around his finger. Oh, I can play with you. The things I’ll do to you, you’ll be begging me to stop.  Did you let him fuck you?”
“Listen, I’m a friend of his, alright? I’m worried about him. There’s fifty quid in it for you if you tell me where he is. Then you can sleep in peace for as long as you’d like.”
He doesn’t see Mycroft solemnly shaking his head at the doctor, signalling him to let the detective be; doesn’t hear John grumbling ‘
James nods, relieved. He steals a glance at Sherlock, Rosie babbling jovially in his ear. He looks back at John with a knowing glance.
John started to bustle around in the kitchen, making as much noise as one could possibly make while making tea.
It’s only a fraction of a second, that glimpse of recognition. It’s instantaneously disrupted by Mary’s colleague, calling to catch her attention. Mary turns to look at the heavily pregnant woman, placing a gentle hand on her shoulder while leading her into the clinic.
“Of course. Though we are hoping to make your stay here comfortable. If there’s anything we can do, please let us know.” David nods in thanks and the Major continues. “Many of us present in this room were involved in the operation which resulted in your rescue. We’re very happy to have you here with us and welcome you back as the hero that you are.”
Eventually Sherlock got bored. He settled himself in the kitchen; he took some soil samples from the crime scene earlier today and couldn’t see a reason not to examine them now.
“If that means she’ll take you back, then yes.” Sherlock admits cooly, knowing full well he’s adding fuel to an already flaming fire.
Sherlock grumbles to an empty bolthole as he paces around restlessly, hours after David left his home.
John’s heart skips a beat. The words that leave Sherlock’s mouth, when he’s unguarded, are so touching. John lets the silence envelop them for a while, listening to Mrs. Hudson’s snores.
“Yeah, mine neither.” John releases a sigh and nods, earning him a hesitant nod back from the other Captain. He points at a bench. “Mind if I sit down?”
He hasn’t spoken to Sherlock for three days; hit yet again by yet another wall of defence in return for his own heart hanging on his sleeve. He’s been bracing himself all day for seeing Sherlock again, for coming with a question Sherlock might not like.
He thinks of the words David used to describe their friendship. “Solitary”. “Intense”. Polite terms for possessive, obsessed. He remembers the chill that ran down his spine when David said them. They were frighteningly accurate.
“Perhaps. Perhaps not. You don’t know. I don’t see the benefit of visiting a man I can’t be sure would even want me there.”
Which is how he finds himself staring at John, standing in the entryway with the baby wriggling angrily in her carrier.
“I'm basing this on our short acquaintance, but I’m guessing that you’ve had your share of what some would call ‘normal’ relationships in the past. Normal being a relative term of course. But what I mean is you didn’t have problems creating friendships as a child and teenager, romantic relationships, navigating complex workplace interactions.”
Mycroft stands, surveying his surroundings from under his nose. “It appears we have a situation, brother dear.”
She knew she’d pay a heavy price for leaving. Sherlock and John are… well, Sherlock and John. The three of them only just reunited, but she can sense Sherlock’s renewed pull on John’s orbit as well as his heart. It’s clear as day. She can’t even begin to imagine what transpired between them while she was away.
“He would… laugh at us. Laugh at her for marrying a poofter, is what he’d say. That her husband left her for a man. At us for having a queer dad. We heard rumours about it, Harry and I, but Mum never talked about that. But that’s all we saw from him, from our stepfather. A loudmouth drunk, every once in a while. Then one day... her car was found off-road. Her body laid half in the car, half out of it. It looked like she poisoned herself with exhaust fumes and the police assumed she panicked, opened the door to leave but it was too late.  My stepdad told anyone who would listen that he wasn’t surprised. That she’d been behaving bizarrely, had gone on and on about our dad leaving her and wanting him back. I don’t remember her doing any of that. She seemed fine, you know? Normal. But two of her aunts killed themselves and he knew that, said that it must run in the family.”
Written in Ashes by 88thParallel is (currently) a WIP but it's doing something very interesting; it's based on the general plot of The X-Files episode Demons, converted to a story about Sherlock in the aftermath of the Eurus fiasco. It isn't hard to tell that I'm an X-Files fan and 88thParallel is doing a fantastic job with it.
When John returns he’s mumbling angrily as Sherlock pulls him up the stairs in their miserable nightly ritual. Sherlock’s senses attack his brain when he realizes he smells both a man as well as a woman on John’s body. When he lays John down on his bed John suddenly speaks.
John taps the table restlessly, carefully considering his next words. “I don’t think that’s going to work, Mary. I’m sorry.”
“From what I understand, I think the general idea is that these are all things I should experience on my own.”
He braved through the gossipy whispers and the side glances, smoothly avoiding any questions about Mary. Very quickly though, he was pummelled with questions about his future plans for Rosie.
“He’s gone,” Collins says, laying a hand on David’s shoulder. “Listen, mate, don’t mind him. He came back all bent—”
Sherlock bites his tongue anxiously, a nervous tick John knows all too well. It looks as if he's trying to buy some time, but David doesn't fall for that.
Absent-mindedly peeling the label off a bottle sitting on the bar next him, he thinks about the past week. So many things have happened so quickly, his mind is only catching up now and when it does, it goes straight to the overnight bag he’s stowed away in his car when he left home tonight.
He hates Sherlock’s mantras. ‘She makes you happy’, ‘She loves you, John’. He’s been saying that ever since she shot him.
“When we were at the park a few days ago…” Sherlock speaks to the babbling rivulet. “You said you know I never expected this. Having you around as a widower, having Rosie.”
“Oh, Sherlock.” Mrs. Hudson stares sadly and shakes her head. It’s one of those stares that make him feel like he’s a naive 5-year-old who has no grasp on humans and their terrible nature. She’s the only person in the world who can make him feel this way.
“Of course!” she exclaims, wiping a tear. She seems lost in her confusion, unsure what to do next. “Of course, let me just… Let me jus—oh god!”
He’ll have to let Sherlock lead the way; this is his family, his turf. He’ll respect however he chooses to behave today.
He catches the wishful thought and cuts it short. He shouldn’t get his own hopes up. William wasn’t all-seeing. Mrs. Holmes merely suggested that he assumed, not necessarily that he knew anything for sure.
his eyes cast the aching blame for tonight’s embarrassment; for being so unceremoniously sent into a lion’s den.
“Please don’t lecture me on how everything will be fine when she comes back.” John closes his eyes and covers them with the crook of his elbow.
“Plenty of people suffer from stage fright, Sherlock. It’s very common. I’m sure we can figure out how to make it easier for you.”
He lays back with a sigh, still disoriented but migraine-free, blinking hazily for what seems like an eternity at the familiar ceiling as the shadows dance across it. It isn't until he brushes his teeth after a much-needed shower, a stranger staring back at him from the mirror, that he feels human again.
It’s a Sunday, and John’s birthday. Sherlock is calling from Chile this time. They calculate time zone differences so Rosie can join in on the fun.
He wakes from his daydream when a noise travels through his headphones, turning to look at the screen. David and Alison step into the house slowly, hesitantly. The sounds of flashing cameras and the hum of reporters hanging outside their house disappear when Alison closes the door behind them.
“It’s just that… please understand, this is a unique opportunity for my uncle’s publishing company.” She continues. “I suppose everyone got a bit too excited. We were sure you were fully onboard.”
“Thank you, John. That’s very kind of you. And I’m sorry about Mary. I never really thanked you properly. I was planning to, in that dinner we were supposed to have. I want you to know that even on my worst day, I knew I could trust your judgment.”
John stands by the door, straining his ears to listen for signs of distress. But the room is quiet; it might as well be empty, for all John can tell.
“Alright.” John’s stuck where he stands, unable to move. He’s been dismissed but he doesn’t want to leave. “Is there any point of me staying here right now?”
“And then...” She says and her voice breaks as memories of Eurus come up. “He was a wonderful man, always. But the day we were told Eurus died, the light in his eyes had gone. He was never the same again.”
Jonathan is dead. Nadi is dead. Who’s left? Aldridge? He’s a drunk, damaged man who lost all credibility years ago. He’s also trapped in a terrible catch twenty-two; if Aldridge ever lets on that he allowed David and Jonathan go on observation duty together that night, he’ll go straight down with David.
“But then Myc came along and well, Will was always a very practical man, and he wanted to earn much better than physics will ever offer him. So we settled down. He became a solicitor. Worked on Her Majesty’s service.”
“It’s the best course of action at our disposal in certain situations, Sherlock.” Mycroft says dryly. “Works wonderfully when it’s time to scare someone enough into talking.”
It takes John no more than twenty minutes to begin dozing in his chair, just as Sherlock had predicted. He listens to the sound of John’s breathing, the repetitive cadence of it familiar, comforting.
"I forgave you because you asked for my forgiveness,” John says. “It had nothing to do with her." His eyes follow a silent Sherlock as he moves towards his bedroom.
. There's a limit to the number of times I can take seeing you dying in front of my eyes, Sherlock.”
“Listen…” John clears his throat uncomfortably. “I know what it’s like. Waiting… waiting for someone. Grieving. You may feel that way, but you have to know that you coming back… it’s a miracle for her. I’m sure she’s incredibly happy to have you back.”
By the time his wedding took place, John felt like enough time had passed. Bill Murray urged John to invite their old commander and John felt like he could handle it, so he did. Also, Mary insisted. She refused to give up on any viable guest, no matter how awkward it made John feel.
"I'll pick my stuff up tomorrow." John stole a guilty glance at Sherlock when he thought the younger man wouldn't notice; Sherlock wouldn't mention that he did. "Thank you again. Try not to get yourself killed."
“How about just be honest with him?” John says. “Bring him in and question him so he knows you’re on to him. Offer him a way out.”
“I raised that with Sherlock quite early on in the process. I asked him if he’d be interested in exploring that, investigating that. He agreed.”
“Of course, why wouldn’t I be?” He says with an uncomfortable, polite smile. “A great opportunity for you. Promotion, you said, right?”
John knows from previous experience that the purchasing process in this place is long and pompous. Clients expect attention and pandering to, and today is no different. John watches Sherlock's prim and proper interactions with the team with amusement. He has always wondered whether he’s acting or actually enjoying himself. They exchange glances and eye rolls as employees come and go.
"You're a spy, aren't you?" David cuts him off. "That’s how you know, isn’t it? That's how you knew I wasn't living at home when we spoke last night."
“Jesus,” John whispers, averting his eyes; it suddenly dawns on him he’s an uninvited witness to an incredibly intimate moment. Sherlock sits frozen by his side, his eyes unseeing as he’s staring at the screen. “Poor fucker. They were cruel to him.”
When he’s about to turn the corner a shot is fired and John and Sherlock jump in surprise. John feels Sherlock’s body tensing.
“He’s here,” John whispers as he leaves the car, making his way behind David into the small community centre. He’s still a few steps behind him when David enters the meeting, hesitant. John can sense the change in the atmosphere of the room immediately—all eyes are turned to David, as people whisper and gawp at him over coffee and pastries.
“He’s a good man.” James says and John’s throat catches because James knows. James, the man John used to think of as his first and greatest love, knows he’s no longer it. Of course he knows. Everyone knows.
It has been a long, long day and John’s body finally gives in and demands sleep. He retires early and succumbs to a much-needed slumber following the events of the past week.
“Your happiness is the greatest mystery in the universe,” Sherlock says and takes John’s breath away. “No matter how hard I tried, I could never get it right.”
When David doesn’t respond, she pats his hand again. “I’m off to bed,” she says softly. “Are you coming?”
“You’ve already packed, John.” Sherlock continues. “This is just the last stretch. I promise you, we’ll figure it all out once Mary feels safe again.”
Though not much taller than Sherlock, Saul Berenson is broad-shouldered, looming over him as they shake hands. He wears practical, cheap spectacles over dark, sharp eyes; the man is the kind most people would colloquially refer to as ‘
John listens and smiles politely. Clearly he’s not the only one who sees the physical resemblance between father and son.
Sherlock watches David set up dinner on the small table with an inscrutable, barely noticeable hum. When he finishes, David moves his chair this way and that, finally sitting down. The space is cramped, and their knees brush with the smallest movement. If Sherlock hadn’t spent two whole months with the man in a hideout just about this size, the whole thing would have felt positively, suffocatingly claustrophobic.
“The Indonesian Indian cobra is the fifteenth deadliest snake in the world, and all the other fourteen are in Australia,” Sherlock blurts, apropos of nothing. The other two men turn to look at him, frowning. “Let’s just say that given their survival skills, the Watsons will have a better time in exotic Brighton.”
“He was ready to talk.” Sherlock interrupts them and looks at the group, suddenly very aware of Mycroft’s inscrutable glare directed straight at him. “What?”
Sherlock hisses in frustration, looking around him with his hands in his pockets; he can’t hear Billy, Billy can’t hear him and - he’s sure - Billy can’t hear a word of what Elin and David are saying.
“I’m talking about the man who lived at the Gaza safehouse with me, sir,” David says. He stands abruptly, knocking the cup of tea off the table. “He told me his name was Peter Knight, but I’m not sure that’s his real name.”
They exchange a meaningful look. He remembers talking to Mary in Morocco. "So many lies." He had told her. So many secrets.
The Holmes family had rather fallen apart over the last year since the parents learned the truth about Eurus. They were shocked at first, asking to see Eurus and understand what had happened to her in the years since her supposed death. Then they were angry. John was a witness to only one of what was likely a string of ugly family arguments. After a while,  Eurus' condition deteriorated and the family stopped visiting her altogether. With that, the parents simply distanced themselves from their two sons. Bruised and hurt, they each went their separate ways.
John texts her once, twice, but she never responds. A few days later he takes a big breath and calls, but the line is disconnected. Looking her number up on Google yields no hint; he never sees her again on the bus.
John usually uses the small artificial tree he stole from Harry years ago; Sherlock, however, made it clear the Holmses insisted on a real, big tree every year.
Sherlock jogs away, keeping his distance and careful to not be seen or raise any suspicion. He adjusts his earpiece as the sound of the running water from the fountains fills his ears; when David finally reaches Elin, his body language immediately transforms from tightly angry to expressively furious.
“Listen, I hate to do this,” John swallows nervously. “But I need your help. I mean, I might need it, later.” He blabbers. “Not right now. Nothing immediate.”
John clenches his hands, his fury building up again. “Not so sure about that,” he says and stares at Sherlock.
A group of agents storm in. They're hauled into a black van. They’re given fake passports and are instructed to change their clothes and turn their phones off until they arrive at the airport.
And John expects a dismissive wave of hand, a condescending ‘I know you do’, or maybe even just a simple ‘thank you’. Instead, Sherlock’s eyes are bright and dark and John knows, he
“What, and the great detective missed out on that?” Lestrade whispers back and John nods. “How’s that possible?”
John’s heart expands at the sight of a relaxed, evidently happy Sherlock. Mrs. Holmes mentioned he used to escape to this house. It was a safe haven for him and John suddenly realizes why.
“Oh, I see your father isn’t here yet.” The older woman says. “We don’t have to tell him about this biscuit, do we, dear? Shhh.”
“And I just caught you a serial killer, more or less." Sherlock said with his usual logic and determination.
“I’ll be off, then, before she starts wailing. The lungs on her.” Priya says finally. “You should come over. It’s only Mum and me these days. Karan and Kali left for the US years ago, but she’d love to see you. There’d been no one smart enough to challenge her essays in years.”
’ and while at first he thought the latter was a reference to his new fatherhood, Mary’s eye-roll made him look it up and blush.
“Those things will kill you,” John says to Sherlock’s back as cigarette smoke leaves the man’s mouth. He looks like a film noir character, watching the city spread below them in all its glory. John puts his hands in his pockets, looking around uncomfortably.
Mycroft pulls a photo out of the dossier he’s been holding. “Have you ever seen this man in the Gaza compound?” he asks David, who sends a sharp, surprised glance his way. “Do you know who this is?”
The phone rings the next morning. Sherlock is still floating in a haze of righteous anger and humiliation, alone in the empty flat. On any other day, that exact call would have no doubt been unwelcome, but the reminder from his doctor's office of his final checkup provides him the perfect excuse to escape the suffocating flat.
“I’m not suggesting anything improper, of course,” Edwin says, looking back to Sherlock, “but he’s reached out to you before under duress. He might just do it again.”
“Is that what you people call it these days?” Sherlock turns on his heel, critically staring down his nose at the man. “American?”
“Oh my god…” James says and looks away too, his body slumped. “My apologies, John. I’m so sorry. I didn’t have any
“John.” James calls and John turns to look at him with a heavy heart, standing shoulder to shoulder with Sherlock who’s holding the door for him. “I didn’t... It wasn’t like that. I’m sorry you’re caught in the middle of all of this. You saved my life, I’d never harm you or your family.”
“There were hard moments. We’d argue. Sherlock kept tabs on her location, wanting to go and retrieve her. I didn’t. I kept telling him she’ll come back if and when she wants to. I wasn’t keen on dragging her back.”
Elin told David, encouraging him to at least attend the rehearsal of his planned speech. Hours later, a legendary sniper appeared at her family house overlooking…
“I mean… we came over there, ruined their lives, their home,” David says. “How are we any better than the people on that train?”
“No,” Mary says, pulling an A4-sized photograph and a business card out of the diaper bag, “but have you ever heard of Sherlock Holmes?”
“He’d always run away to their house when he’d get bored or upset with me. Her parents were scientists. He’d criticize their publications, debunk their citations.” She says with a dismissive tone and John laughs. “They’re a wonderful family. Been through quite a lot themselves.”
He finds — rather quickly and unsurprisingly — that he is yet again in very big trouble. He does not want to lose this precious access to Sherlock’s body - not tonight, not ever. He definitely does not wish to yield said access to other people, namely bright-eyed Australians in snug, stone-washed Levi’s.
Sherlock closes his eyes. He rests his head against the car window, feeling its coolness against his skin.
“Was just on my way out,” Gemma says, her heavy bag hanging off her shoulder. She steps in, handing Mary a Jiffy envelope. “Jenny asked if I would pass this along.”
John stares at him as he goes, his heart racing and his mouth full of questions. But he knows Mycroft—he’d come here to relay a message, not negotiate a deal.
The older Holmes was probably taller in his younger days, but age shrunk him to the size of a likeable old man. John wonders if this is what Sherlock will look like forty or fifty years from now.
It’s painful to watch, but it might make John’s work here a bit easier. If Aldridge is desperate for somebody to talk to, John will be happy to listen.
They tread the first stretch of the trail in companionable silence. The sounds of gravel and distant music are all they hear for now, as they both tuck their hands in their coats.
“No, you’re right,” Sherlock says, his voice flat. “I don’t.” He leaves his chair and heads for the suite's door, grabbing his jacket.
“Probably not, not in the sense you think of as awareness. It’s possible he hears you but we can’t be sure if he understands or registers the meaning of words. It’s hard to say.” The doctor explains. “But if you have something to say to him, you should. I speak to him when I’m there with him. I always speak to my patients, no matter what condition they’re in.”
from 1996, a publication that Sherlock can only guess has either been long since defunct or merged with other local ones once online publications took over.
“MICE: Money, ideology, compromise, ego,” Mycroft clarifies. “Asset recruiting 101; find a person’s weak point and get them to do just about anything.”
Of course Mycroft would make a destructive appearance in a moment like this. One of Mycroft’s more terrible life lessons, it’s something he’d tell Sherlock every time the younger sibling found his own bright star to admire. Once you put yourself in the company of your hero, Mycroft explained, you learn that though they shine brightly, it’s very dark for those closest to them.
“I never said terrorist,” Sherlock corrects him, as he had corrected John a few days ago. “I said turned.”
woman, not at all. The problem is that she’s in his house, in his bed, and with her there, John feels terribly outnumbered, exposed.
He slept on the rough ground last night. The car he had bought with cash upon landing on the island broke down in less than 8 hours.
“Because you’ve done it before, Sherlock.” John says, sounding far more accusatory than he planned. “And who’s to say you won’t do it again?”
A small twitch moves across Sherlock's face; it’s one you’d have to look for in order to catch. A sign of defeat, of well-hidden self-disappointment. “Evidently not.”
So, no. He can’t judge the man. John certainly doesn’t agree with his politics, but he can’t blame him for the hell he’s been living through.
Standing closer than ever, John hums again. Sherlock feels his warmth radiating from behind him. “And what did you say?”
Sherlock unfurls himself from John’s grip again. He moves to the table, grabbing a pencil and marking something on a sheet of notes. John studies his back, using the moment to catch his wrecked breath. Sherlock’s head tilts in concentration, and he scribbles another quick note.
A besotted smile escapes him when Sherlock turns to look at him. Sherlock half-smiles in return as he takes a sip of tea, that crooked grin John loves so much.
“Pick something, anything on YouTube...” He places Rosie in Sherlock’s lap, arranging the two against each other. “Just be yourself and make her feel like you’re here for her. And watch her head!” He finishes, admiring his handiwork.
“All packed for the big day?” Gemma asks, eyeing her enthusiastically. “First time to Calais tomorrow. Excited?”
“Alright. But why have you been ignoring me?” He asks Sherlock. “I’ve been trying to reach you for weeks.”
"What's wrong?" John asks urgently, looking across the flat and finding Sherlock staring down a microscope on the kitchen table. The knot in his stomach becomes smaller.
“You don’t have to live like this, you know,” Mycroft says, scrunching his nose disapprovingly. Sherlock frowns. “There are people you can pay to clean the place up. It’s downright stale.”
But there’s one photo, and one photo only—that of David Stewart, the POW Sherlock had helped rescue.
He doesn’t know. He never wanted to know. He asked when Sherlock came back, but the ambivalence of it all allows him to sleep at night. All he knows is that Sherlock is… Sherlock is a good man. He knows it deep in his heart, he can feel it in his core. Others have tried to persuade him otherwise, but it didn’t work.
Sherlock turns away slightly to avoid being seen; he moves stealthily to stand behind a wall full of books, well within their earshot.
John moves around in his chair, gathering his courage. He finds it when their knees touch, the sensation warm and grounding.
John watches the Von-Trapps with apprehension. He's not like them, is he? They're not like them. Several years ago, he stood on this sidewalk, looking at what is now Edward's house with silent resentment. It was his first time coming to look at their house, his first visit with Mary. She was the one who found it when they decided to move in together. They walked about, and he just smiled and nodded. This is the sort of house a married couple lives in. A calm, pleasant neighborhood with well-cared for lawns, where mothers with prams stroll around.
They’ve been texting with Mrs. Hudson and they’re sensing her melancholy over spending the holiday alone. They were supposed to be there with her this year, but the last-minute change of plans meant that she couldn’t make any in hers.
Sherlock spends the rest of the afternoon wondering whether anyone might find sibling defenestration an objectionable holiday gift.
“After what happened at the mortuary…” John takes a deep breath. “Mycroft texted me and demanded I stay away from Sherlock. I… ignored him. I wasn’t in the right mind to fight or disagree. After a while we… recovered our friendship. Things were semi back to normal and Mycroft took a step back. He knew I was planning on moving and said that for the moment he won’t insist that I break all ties with Sherlock but made me swear I won’t go back to Baker Street.”
Sherlock closes his eyes and takes a long, grounding breath. He’d missed this. He’d missed John; missed the way John’s internal turmoil threatened Sherlock without warning. Sherlock had yearned for it. He’ll happily throw himself head-first into the eye of the storm every single day for the rest of his life, their lives.
He huffs and exchanges a knowing look with Mycroft before washing up in the small kitchenette. With his umbrella, Mycroft approaches the shower and knocks on the door.
“No, no. You listen to me. I’m not that kind of man, Sherlock.” John says. “I’m not going back to her. This isn’t…”
“We thought you might be a bit more appreciative of this gesture.” Lady Smallwood says, raising an eyebrow.
Sherlock takes one last drag from his cigarette, stepping on it carelessly as it hits the floor. Mary stands with a colleague at the entrance to the clinic, in what he imagines is the beginning of a long night shift; they appear to be waiting for something or someone.
“It was small and... claustrophobic…” Sherlock fights to keep his train of thought as David’s tongue finds his carotid. “And you were having nightmares—”
Still grunting, he’s far too distracted to register the familiar voice coming from the depth of the flat. “Would you, er,” Sherlock clears his throat in uncharacteristic hesitation, “would you like some lemonade?”
John has to shake his head when he realizes the turn the conversation has taken. Is this something Sherlock’s been considering?
He was days away from pulling the trigger when he stepped into the lab in Barts. He only obliged Mike’s invitation because really, he had nothing better to do.
“Legally and ethically, of course, we’re committed to gathering the family and making sure they understand the situation. A hospital committee had reviewed his will. Given his written wishes, his current condition, and his dementia diagnosis I sadly have to say that I think it would be best to respect his wishes. Even if in some way his body makes a physical recovery, his mind will not. We will act according to his will unless one of you feels the need to reject it or examine it on any grounds. If you do not and during the next few days William’s body stops functioning, we will not act to revive him. We will only make sure he is not suffering from any pain and that he can breathe as long as his body does so of its own volition.”
“Remember our briefing? We have all eyes on you. I know you’re worried but we have you covered from all angles. Nothing bad will happen to you.”
Memories rise up in his mind, unexpected and uninvited; memories of John and their first months as flatmates. That period of time when everything Sherlock did John found to be amusing, surprising, and more often than not, slightly objectionable.
John’s body turns into stone, frozen in shock. David presses himself further into the kiss, wriggling closer, as if reading John’s lack of response as an invitation for more.
Inhale With Ease by Vulpesmellifera is another (current) WIP. TST canon divergence with a premise that had no other chance but to hook me in immediately: Covid-19 + Victor Trevor + Jealous John, ooohhhh! I know right? Go and read it now :)
She pats his hand and smiles, handing him the tea. “All I’ve been doing is telling you that it's OK.”
Sherlock watches the other man, his body coiled like a spring, as he takes steps ahead of him. He’s stomping angrily, opens the door to the sitting room in what can only be described as ‘violently’. Not a moment passes before the door to his room upstairs slams shut so forcefully the entire building is shaking.
, he thinks, keeping the words to himself. With any luck, Mary might be at the surgery too, and that will most likely send John to one of his locals for a pint or three. In the current state of things, the more the merrier.
account, his website email—not John’s blog account. It takes him a second to put a face to the name.
John jumps when a knock on the door to his office tears him away from the drama unfolding in front of his eyes. He pauses the video and calls out a hesitant ‘
"I'm afraid our father is quite ill, Dr. Watson." Mycroft says, handing John a tablet. When John looks at the screen he sees a medical file. John’s well-trained doctor’s eyes scan the details and the image becomes clear very quickly.
“I’ve made a lot of mistakes from the moment you showed up in that restaurant. And they’re mine. My mistakes. I can’t blame you for any of them. But… there’s not a day that goes by that I don’t wish to go back to...” John says, “before everything. Before all of
“You’re not allowed to bring paperwork from the surgery,” Sherlock says. “Patient information is confidential.”
Listening intently, he glances over his shoulder. Once he’s sure John is still absent he squats at eye level to study her carefully.
“No, Sherlock.” David shakes his head. “But it’s not your job to decide what will make him happy. It’s his.”
“Yeah,” David says with a smile, one that doesn’t reach his eyes.“You know, I just realized… I shook the First Secretary of State’s hand and I don’t even know his name.”
They wait for Sherlock to wake up, and John does his absolute best to ignore their late-night discussion. The situation is difficult for them both, and they end up fighting and sniping constantly.
"Somewhere in the vicinity of Valletta, last I checked," Sherlock says and John looks at him with a questioning look, not recognizing the name. "Malta."
“Look at you.” John says, barely containing his emotions. He can’t take his eyes away from the photo.
He took some time to regroup but only barely, and was sent here to Nepal. No time to waste on maudlin recuperating.
“Sherlock?” John says, his heart in his throat. “Sherlock, you asked me to tell you when something’s not good. This is
John huffs in shock, gritting his teeth as if trying to bottle his turbulent frustration. He breaths in, trying to remain calm.
In the name of widening circles, John obliges his colleagues for once and joins them for a birthday do. He’s having a terrible time of it. Middle-aged, semi-drunk doctors and nurses can bore one out of one’s mind.
“Deodorant,” Sherlock mumbles again. In his home, unaware of an audience, David stares sternly at his own reflection in the mirror as he applies deodorant under his armpits. When he finishes, he looks around, searching for something.
“So.…” Alison starts as the door closes, clasping her hands in front of her body. “What happens now?”
By late afternoon they’re having lunch in a small Cafe overlooking the village’s millpond. The place is surprisingly quiet despite how busy the village high street seemed. John was worried that means the food isn’t quite good but Sherlock assured him he won’t be disappointed.
“They’re both asleep,” Sherlock's voice penetrates through another of John’s dreams, the lumpy bed doing nothing to prevent John from falling asleep again and again.
“Do it.” He orders Sherlock as he tugs on his hair again. “Harder. Make me come all over you. I'm going to mark you and everyone will know you're mine.”
“Start slow, build up, and listen to your body; use pain medication as needed. The same goes for sex.”
"Ian?" David asks, still holding onto Sherlock. His eyes flit between Sherlock and John, confused. "John? Who's John?"
“He was becoming obsolete among his own people; the shine was beginning to wear off. It was happening right in front of our eyes,” Saul says. “His followers were abandoning him—people who used to worship at his feet—to follow newer, more extreme ISIS leaders. By the time I sent our men in, the people who guarded him were either hired help or relatives. Nobody was sad to see him go.”
Grief takes time to take hold. John knows this very well. It grows slowly, slowly. It creeps up on you like vines on an old, abandoned house. You think you’re alright and then one day you wake up and nothing seems right; the world seems suffocating and frightening. It’s that day that John worries about.
“No! It's a diversion,” Sherlock says. “A fabricated distraction, in case his behaviour raises someone’s suspicion. It’s terrible enough to shock you; a secret big enough that it would eat him up, rattle him, but not as terrible as actually turning against your own country.”
He puts on a fake smile when he walks into the sitting room, looking around. Sherlock is usually a minimalist when it comes to packing, sticking to the bare essentials. Today the room is full of hiking equipment. Navigation devices, a thick coat, a compact tent.
Yet there are two men in her life these days. One of them constantly fights to keep her safe and married, the other is her husband. Even she can see just how very dysfunctional this triangle is, at this point.
Sherlock sighs and looks away from the microscope. John offers a tumbler but Sherlock shakes his head.
“Hmmm.” Sherlock faux-grumbles, his lack of respect for authority preventing him from taking an order.
“Feel free to speak to each other even if I’m the one who asked a question. When you do, speak as naturally and normally as possible for the two of you. I need to get a good sense of your interactions.”
Sherlock swallows, resoring to negotiating with the last remains of the DI's ego. “Think of it this way. For the first time in as many years, I’ll be in your debt.”
. Yes, he wanted all of that. He could feel his breath quicken at the words, at the hot breath in his ear, whispering and kissing, and before John could push him away again, Sherlock’s hands were under his shirt and John’s were in his hair. Pale flesh seen through a mess of dark curls, and John gave in under him. He didn’t let Sherlock’s hands go lower than his waist, nor his mouth lower than his neck, but just a tiny bit of him broke free on that grass.
Sherlock sucked in a breath free of cigarette smoke, "Did you enjoy it?" His head dropped to one side. He wasn't looking at John, "I mean, you certainly did in the moment, but do you regret it now?"
"Stop it." Mycroft pinched the bridge of his nose, "If you're not going to take this seriously what's the point of keeping you here?"
He found a vein and pushed out just a little, gauging the effects. Finn's head immediately tilted back, and he took out the needle.
John could feel Sherlock's eyes on him. He pretended he couldn't. He felt a little nauseous, a little dizzy, and a little giddy, all rolled into one. He still had the cigarette in his hand but didn't plan on taking another drag.
Sherlock was saying something in disbelief. Probably about the choices of the main character by the way his emotions were playing out across his face.
John was sure everyone was looking at them. Oh, how people would talk the day after. Boring, good boy John Watson running off with Sherlock Holmes. Story of the ages.
Sherlock looked down at him, like a shadow looming over John. A shadow he wouldn't mind getting closer. He still felt a bit insecure about all of this. He knew it meant more than what it had at first, but how much exactly did it mean? John wished it was as simple as adding and subtracting. He wished he could measure the difference between the relationship before and after this date.
His eyes were blue, yes- but they were also gold, and pale green, and clear all at the same time. They could switch in an instant, or slowly fade from one to the other. John could never quite catch the change, the way you can't quite catch a sunset. You look around and suddenly it's just dark.
Traces of Sherlock's tongue on his neck, hints on his jaw. He hoped marks wouldn’t be left, but in the back of his mind he wanted them to show. He wanted everyone to see what Sherlock Holmes did. How he claimed John, and how John wanted him to.
a talented mouth. Cold, rough hands under his shirt and sharp edges cutting into him, threatening to tear him apart.
“I hid them behind my bookshelf. I would…” He shook his head lightly, “I would save up money I found around the house until I had enough to buy a record.”
He was moving ever so slightly closer, making John's heart speed up more and more the closer Sherlock got.
"Hm." He looked back up at the ceiling, "Then that one," He pointed up again, "Looks like a building. A wavy building."
John crossed his arms and didn't budge. If Sherlock was trying to make him feel guilty, it wouldn't work.
John's mouth fell open, but his throat didn’t let the words out. What was he supposed to say? He had class and plans after. He had a life that Sherlock seemed sure to drag into the light and set aflame.
Both of them were vaugely damp from the rain, but they were still pressed closed together, John holding onto Sherlock tight, and Sherlock folding into the embrace.
The sound stopped for a bit, then John felt someone shaking his shoulder. Neither Harry nor his dad had ever woken John up like that before. They usually resorted to shouting.
Sherlock pressed his hands flat on John's chest. John felt like screaming. Ten more seconds passed and he couldn't take it. He sat up, and pulled Sherlock in again. Sherlock tasted like burnt rubber and cigarettes, which sounded terrible in John's mind, but he didn't actually mind it.
My voice spiked then, "I'm asking you, John," I said with an edge coating the words. It was barely a change, barely able to be noticed, but it shook the room all the same.
Sherlock brought his shirt up more, and ran his thumb across the space right under John's ribcage, "No. Well, yes, but in a different way."
There was a full minute of silence after that, in which John thought he had messed up. Sherlock was staring at him, the ash on the end of his cigarette growing by the second.
There was a moment of water and foggy breath between them where John glared at Sherlock. He couldn’t help but look at his lips that were so close and tilted just ever so slightly down.
The moment Sherlock’s lips connected with his kept replaying in his head. Eyes so blue it almost didn’t seem possible and how time slowed and sped up all at once as Sherlock came closer and closer and….
He put his hand over John's, then sighed and shook his head, "Alone is what I have, John. Alone protects me."
"I would've helped. If you had told me, I would've helped." The edge in my voice had worn away from the shout.
When John first woke up, still in that space where he wasn't sure if he was dreaming or actually awake, all he could feel was warmth. When he opened his eyes all he saw was Sherlock. His hair was in his face and his eyes were still shut, and John thought Sherlock looked odd while he slept. He felt like he was watching something he shouldn't have been.
John's smile lasted a fraction of a second, "I don't think it's even important to bring this up after this long, but, a couple of days before you asked me, Molly wanted me to get to know you."
He got dressed in the morning, got to school on time, did all his school work, and smiled at all of his teachers, but when he came home there was no one. There was no smoke in the air, or ashes on his floor. There weren't quick smiles from beside, or above him. There was no flame anymore.
"Do you think you're gonna save me?" He asked, wincing at his own question. He could've built up to it, but why beat around the bush?
John felt something larger than anger build up under his ribcage. Sherlock shouldn't be looking at anyone like that, but him. That girl didn't know anything about Sherlock. She didn't know what it was like to be destroyed by him from the inside out. She didn't know what it was like to look over and see a rare, wide, grin coming from Sherlock.
John rolled his eyes. They were already in a cab, sun rising on black, faux-leather seats, Sherlock hanging his hand out the window. Cold air was stinging his arm, and he wondered if it would snow any time soon.
He held his head in his hands and breathed slowly, as if that would calm his nerves. Every second that went by was agonizing, and John swore God was just playing a cruel joke on him. He couldn't help but think that it might not be the best thing to go with Sherlock. He had hurt him once, he could do it again.
John opened the door and got in, his head down. Sherlock didn’t know what he should do. Do people hug each other in this situation, or did they give each other space? Maybe John didn’t like hugs, or maybe he wanted one.
Sherlock was over the whole day, even when John's dad came home only to slam his way through the house, despite John insisting that he leave at that point. During Sherlock's time there, two things became crystal clear in John's head:
"Don't... Wanna go back." Sherlock squinted up at John. He hadn't seen him move, but he was now standing in front of Sherlock rather than crouching next to him.
"I couldn't have done that, Sherlock," he said, and my name sounded like an apology, like snow in spring, like something that shouldn't have fitted so easily in his mouth.
"Because that's what people do, right? They have nights where they get all close and talk about how everything sucks and they become best friends or boyfriends-"
John chewed on his lip. He couldn't really. He couldn't stop Sherlock's dad, he couldn't talk to whoever decided to give him unsupervised visits. He was helpless, unless he found a way to cut Sherlock off completely from his dad.
Sherlock chuckled, "Shocked?" He asked, removing a pack of cigarettes from his rolled up sleeve and tapping one out.
John nodded absentmindedly, though she did have a point. He didn't even know Sherlock for that long. Everything he said could've been a lie, but John couldn't get Sherlock's face out of his head. He kept thinking about when he woke up with Sherlock and he was just sleepy enough to kiss him on the forehead, or when he would say something that shouldn't have been romantic or sweet, but still made John smile.
i’m a little emotional. this has been quite a ride. tbh i think i could’ve done better on this is i worked on it before posting, but i’m still really proud of this fic. hope y’all enjoyed it. ❤️
Sherlock wasn’t this fucking person. He was shit, sure; he was an asshole, definitely, but he didn’t go around and kiss people who were taken. He didn’t do this. He shouldn’t have done this.
John didn’t try to respond. His hand slid off Sherlock’s chin and pulled him into a half hug, their knees knocking together and elbows digging into the others’ ribs. It was somehow still comforting. It was somehow still something Sherlock wanted to keep locked away.
John shook his head, leaning in to press a kiss to Sherlock's forehead, "You're not the only one who can make deductions. Are you gonna get out of bed?"
"Why did he want you to wait?" I asked, not focusing on all the other details, the tapping hands, the small movements of his hips and back as he got comfortable in the chair as if he had been for two years instead of 24 hours. It felt like a grating waste of time, trying to ask him questions without shouting or demanding answers, but I navigated anyway.
John couldn't help but let his eyes notice every detail of Sherlock's face now that he was this close, taking note of how pale he truly was. Everything about him was contrast, black hair, white skin, black jacket, white shirt, black shoes, white socks. He was a living checkerboard.
John could've laughed at that point. It really was such a ridiculous statement. John wasn't special. He wasn't anything that couldn't be found in a thousand other people, yet, he still believed Sherlock.
Sherlock sniffed, tears hot on his face which he had buried into the covers. He slowly looked up at John and shook his head.
I couldn't find words then. All of them were the same. We stayed quiet, a good amount of time passing without words. Evening light came through the window and John should've been asking about dinner, he would've been asking about dinner about now, but instead, he was back from the dead, taking up too much space in a chair that I had thought would be empty for as long as it was there. He didn't look at me, he looked at the wallpaper, looked at the sofa, looked at my chair before he looked at me.
John could smell the cigarette close to him before he heard Sherlock's voice, "It's my brother's. He never drives it."
Sherlock didn’t want to think about her. He probably shouldn’t have felt this guilty, but it sat in his chest like the pit in a peach. He only saw her the moment she left, pulling out from the driveway.
They pulled into a long driveway that led to a house, a story higher than John's and a muted blue color. They both sat silent for a few moments before John got the courage to speak up.
In his classes John was a mess. He couldn't sit still. Either his leg was shaking or his fingers was tapping on his desk all through the lesson. He kept looking out the window or towards the door, as if he could summon Sherlock with pure will.
Sherlock stepped forward and placed his legs on either side of John's hips. He leaned down and  kissed him softly, but John wasn't fooled. He saw fire in Sherlock's eyes and could feel the twitching in his fingers.
But all of those thoughts went away when he pushed the syringe down. Nothing even touched the cozy feeling wrapping around him.
He had thought just falling asleep together was a mess, but this was so much larger. This could ruin both of them.
Sherlock bit his lip, "You're not boring." His knuckles were white by this point, "And you're not just a way to keep occupied. I don't know why I said that. Okay, I do know why, I was stressed and worried." He sighed heavily, "I didn't mean to do that."
"You're not clever, you know." He straightened his shoulders, taking a long sniff, "I'm placing a guard on you. To prevent any more... Accidents." His lip curled at the last word. He might think of Sherlock as something lesser, but he surely thought highly of himself.
John tugged off his shoes and put them neatly by the bed, carefully taking his coat off as well. Sherlock took his hand, the meaning of the contact slipping his mind, as he pulled John closer and into the bed.
Lestrade hadn't given me any cases. Said he was giving me time, but I didn't need time. I needed something to work one, something to put my mind into. He of all people should've understood that. Mycroft hadn't said anything, Molly wasn't speaking to anyone, and Mrs Hudson was bringing me tea. Every hour on the dot, she would come through the doorway, a tray in her hand, and she would replace the cold mugs with new, hot ones. She still brought two.
“You don’t know that!” John snapped, his eyes forceful against Sherlock’s, effectively holding him in place.
Sherlock was leaning ever closer, and he seemed to take up John's entire world, entire being. He was everything John could focus on, everything he wanted in that moment.
John nodded and scooted closer, so he could feel their hips touching. Sherlock turned his head to look at John.
John was next to him, giving him a once over every few moments. It's not like Sherlock was going duck and roll out the car, and if he did, a stern look from Mr. Army-Man wasn't going to stop him.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, but stopped before he made a sound, letting John finish.
Sherlock winced. His words were too hard. Usually Sherlock would be fine with it, maybe even ive John a smile, but right now... God, right now it was too much.
Sherlock sat up properly and crossed his legs, "You know, I'm not gonna shout this from the rooftops. "
"Uh h-hi. Hey, Sherlock." He forced out, expecting Sherlock to hang up. Instead there was a long silence full of static and the worst scenarios John could come up with.
"That's good." He whispered after a moment, before pulling himself up. John could see the entirety of his bare chest when he was sitting up like this, and even a few fading bruises. John sucked in a breath through his teeth.
His breath found it’s way to John’s ear, and he could feel the vague shape of Sherlock’s mouth as he spoke.
He took a breath. Maybe he was thinking too much. He sat back and looked out the window towards the door. He couldn’t hear or see anything going on behind the closed door, so it wasn’t a leap to think the worst.
John tangled his hands in Sherlock's hair and pulled him close. The kiss became harder and rougher, and John didn’t feel like Sherlock was holding back anymore. They both had enough of that, anyway.
"Damn what people say!" John threw his hands in the air, the thin crowd in homeroom all turning to stare at him.
John closed his eyes, “I still think about it. All the time. I feel like the back of my eyelids are stained red.”
John's eyebrows knit together, "I just…I just wanted to know more, Sherlock." He looked at the ceiling, "Sorry."
His eyebrows always seemed to be furrowed or raised. He was always pouting or indignant. Black or white. Really, Sherlock was full of contradictions.
He didn't know what he would say to Sherlock. Would he start off with telling him about the dare? Maybe Sherlock wouldn't care either way. Maybe that was the reason John should tell him, no consequences.
"Um…" He turned his head a bit, "It looks like a rhino." He raised his arm next to Sherlock. He wondered if they would look like conjoined twins with this many limbs this close.
He still looked so calm, and I wished he would break. I had seen him break. I had listened to his nightmares, I had seen him fall. I rested my head in my hand, titled so the whole room was off balance. I wished I could read him. I hadn't been able to that day. I should've seen it coming.
John kept his shoulders squared as Sherlock stepped closer and lifted John's head. His fingers were cold on his chin. John tried not to shiver.
"Yes. But you did it anyway." My voice still had an edge to it, an edge that contrasted his desperate attempt at normalcy.
Sherlock flicked his eyes towards John. His mouth was turned into a frown. He didn’t turn to Sherlock, but walked forward and crouched down to clean up the clothes on the floor.
Sherlock drove him to a movie- a passion pit. John never liked that term very much, especially now that he was going with Sherlock. He really did want all of this to matter in some small way. It wouldn't be better for either of them, it would probably just make things more complicated, and it drained John, but he couldn't help but yearn for meaning.
I sat in my chair, crossing my legs. I wondered if I could still get away with sitting here all day. John sat down across from me with a soft sigh.
Sherlock bit his lip before he could laugh in return, “It’s just that I don’t have anything to do anyway. I doubt you’d let me go back with Finn, and I would rather not go to your house.”
The space between them was too wide, but John still wanted to push him back. He still wanted to push Sherlock out of his life...Get himself away from anything flammable.
Sherlock frowned, but stayed quiet, eventually moving a bit closer, almost testing the waters, and leaned his head onto John's shoulder. John wrapped an arm around him and pulled him a bit closer.
John nodded. Maybe he thought this meant more than it did. Maybe Sherlock didn’t think it meant enough. They could’ve been both overthinking it.
The end of Sherlock’s mouth curled, and he wondered if John would have that same cockiness if he was pinned under Sherlock.
"You're alright then?" He asked, watching as Sherlock wrapped the covers back around him, still damp from his laying on them before he feel asleep.
John tried to communicate everything he had yet to say through that kiss. He wanted Sherlock to know everything he had thought from the moment John  saw him. He wanted Sherlock to know that he wanted him from the beginning, and that nothing felt more satisfying than having him right here.
, John. And unless you're a teen girl in a young adult novel, or happen to be polyamorous, I'll take that to be a sign.”
He pulled Sherlock off him, who was just as out of breath as he was, and scrambled into a sitting position. Sherlock's eyes were almost black. John's probably were too.
Maybe it was because John didn't have to tell her everything now. In fact, it seemed more productive to tell Sherlock everything. Maybe John should feel bad about that.
This wasn’t how it was supposed to go. I knew that. All of this— all of it— could’ve gone so much different. John wanted to be a hero. I knew he was planning something, I knew he was trying to be the hero. I should’ve tried to stop him, confronted him, done something. He would’ve listened to me. This wasn’t supposed to happen.
Sherlock sighed and sat up. His legs were on either side of John's hips and his hair was a complete mess. His eyes were a crystal blue now, and they scanned over John in a familiar way. Simply a week without Sherlock had been too much. John felt like he needed to absorb every inch of him.
Finn had attempted rehab again, but left after a week or so. Sherlock still liked taking her to get something to eat, or every now and again letting her stay over. He didn’t like trying to force things on her after years of forcibly being treated. John was as warm to her as anyone else, and sometimes, when everything lined up, Sherlock felt at peace.
John didn't dress up for the date. He wore a sweater, pants and shoes. Nothing out of the ordinary, besides combing his hair to the side.
John could not stop thinking about Sherlock. How could someone so far away still have such an impact? It got to the point that he had gotten ahold of Sherlock's number from some cheerleader long forgotten by all that was Sherlock Holmes.
John sighed, “…It wasn’t- It wasn’t this big drama scene every five minutes. It was normal, quiet, joking and playing games and then… Bam. Three of your friends were wounded, and you had to be the one to put them back together again. I was-“ He let out a dry laugh, “I just knew how to put the puzzle together. What went where, something you could learn with enough practice, yeah, I wasn’t special, but I was the one there.”
How do you describe everything you’ve every been waiting for? How do you put into words the perfect moment?
John sat next to him, the bed bending to take his weight as he leaned over to kiss Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock didn’t know whether to shiver or melt.
The telly buzzed from the corner of the room. Sherlock's eyes were closed, but his brain was still on. He waited until John was snoring in his chair before pulling his blankets off and carefully removing his IVs, then placing the clip from his thumb onto John's instead.
John shook his head, then hid it in Sherlock's chest. There was a small, enjoyed silence that passed between them, in which Sherlock wouldn't stop kissing John's shoulders, making John shudder over and over again, which just made Sherlock do it more.
Maybe he should just be polite and let Sherlock lead the conversation. That might make John look reluctant to talk.
hello, chapters are gonna be a bit slow as my laptop is out so service at the morning. hoping to get a new one soon, and i’ll still be working on this when i can on my phone, but don’t want to get anyone’s hopes up.
After a moment, John reached for it and flicked the ash onto the floor for him. Then kissed him. Then did it again. Then he kissed everywhere he could reach. His cheek, his jaw, his lips.
Sherlock sucked in a breath thought his teeth, "Everyone thinks you're predictable, boring, mainstream. You're plain and not at all extraordinary. If it wasn't for me you'd end up dating a just-as-boring soc with long blonde hair and dreams of ankle biters."
"I thought you like it." He chuckled and leaned forward to light it, "You won't really do it right the first time, it'll probably make you cough- or puke."
How did all of this fall apart? How could John let himself hurt Sherlock? It felt like a black hole was in place of his heart, and John didn't know if he was breathing or if the world was forcing air down his throat. He felt numb without Sherlock, lost without Sherlock.
Sherlock frowned but followed John out of the cab. John obviously wasn’t going to entertain the idea of going back to a hotel, and there wasn’t really another option.
"John." It came out breathy, like Sherlock had waited his entire life to say it and it took everything in him. John was close to crying.
He wasn’t surprised John was being kind, no, he was more surprised by his own acceptance of the actions. Years spent believing he didn’t deserve it was still there just… quieter. It was all so much quieter around John.
(also do not fret, there will be some miscommunication angst later on, bit i wanted the foundation of their relationship to be open.)
"No." Sherlock said quietly, "You could've given up. You could've forced me to go back right away. You didn't have to do this."
Girls fell at Sherlock’s feet, there was no denying it. In spite of this, Sherlock never really seemed interested. He could have anyone in (or outside of) the school, but was never the type to go out. Never the kind to ‘do’ relationships.
John woke up to the front door slamming shut. The moment he opened his eyes to see Sherlock he felt his stomach drop.
He stood but his vision was too bright around the edges. He had done this all before, except not he was the bad guy. Now he was the shitty one.
I wanted to say it was okay, I was fine, he was back and I was okay, but I couldn't get words out. John was back and I couldn't speak. Lestrade was still in the room, standing with his arms cross, his face pinched. He was giving me a look like he was looking at a kicked puppy.
"Hey, Kiddo." His dad slurred, "Wonder if you had any cash?" He stumbled into John's room and leaned against the wall.
"Sherlock," was the first word he said. Everything felt like it was back in full colour. I think I fell over again because I ended up in his arms. He sat me in a chair, and I couldn't feel my legs, and I tried to think of the last time one person had me so fucked, but I couldn't. I couldn't think. I already couldn't think when he was gone, and now he wasn't.
“I can’t…"He pushed Sherlock to arms length.  "I shouldn’t be doing this.” Sherlock just looked at him, his gaze shifting from spring showers to harsh winter with just those few words. John's shirt fell like a curtain, shutting down the show.
His dad nodded slowly before stepping closer to the bed and getting down on his knees, so he was looking up at John. John knew what was coming. His dad felt that to make up for years of neglect and drunken rages all you had to do was occasionally ask how your kids were doing.
Sherlock was a madman. Dragging them into a dim alley and leaning against the wall, doubled over and his chest rising and falling so rapidly it made John’s heart skip. Rain clung to Sherlock's hair, but did little to flatten the curls. John took his time letting his eyes run over every wave and curl in Sherlock's hair while he was still facing the ground.
Sherlock felt a bit silly being this clingy, but he enjoyed how John's arms wrapped around him and how he could still smell the rain on his skin. Something about it felt perfectly in place, like this is where Sherlock was supposed to be, how he was supposed to be. Maybe it didn't matter that John was a stranger. Maybe this feeling, this comfort, transcended relationships.
John raised an eyebrow, "Then how are you able to keep it together? Are you just better than all of us?"
I sat on my bed, head in my hands. John would come up in a few moments, knock lightly on the door, and ask if I was alright. I could let him in, let things settle into what they had been, let him have his normalcy, but I could've also completely shut him out. I could picture him moving out within a month, defeated and guilty. I could see the flat without him. I could see quiet mornings spent alone Mrs Hudson bringing in tea with worried lines marking her face.
They ate pancakes (made by John) with fried eggs (made by Sherlock) in John's room, on the floor.  When John finished he pushed his plate to the side and laid on his back. Sherlock soon did the same.
Sure, he felt like he was being pulled from the inside out, but he could deal with that. He could pretend it was something else. School stress, or home life. He could focus on the feeling rather than why it was there.
John had never been to a drive-in with a girl, but that doesn't mean he was oblivious to the petting going on around him in backseats of the dim cars. He had thought about asking some plastic doll, paper shaker, out and bringing her here. But not only did he tear himself apart long before asking her out, he also didn't care enough to actually do it. The only reason he would was to say he had.
"Well, at least I get to stay longer. Even though it's because you're alone most of the time anyway." He sat up and John rolled to the side.
"You just want people to think that." Sherlock smirked at John, "You just want the path with the least explanation. You hate questions, but you like asking them."
John took a breath, “I don’t think so, no. I care for her, but…” He looked up at Sherlock, “I don’t think I love her like that anymore.”
John sighed, his head dipping down "One stop. If you take longer than twenty minutes I'm dragging you in by your two front teeth, alright?"
sorry chapters are coming out somewhat slow, i’ve been doing a lot these past few weeks. speaking of, i got my first job. today is actually my second day. i’m sure no one is paying attention to these notes at this point, but oh well.
Sherlock didn't want to leave. He wanted this, whatever it was, to stay put. He kept the covers over his head, willing himself to go back to sleep.
"Right." John pulled a chair from the wall and placed it next to Sherlock's bed, then sat down, "Guess I'm supposed to be looking out for you?"
Mary had called him to dinner, and he could already feel a tension throughout the meal. Sherlock waited until Mary had gotten up to leave before saying anything.
No. He wasn't. He was busy focusing on the people who had just walked in: a tall, blonde paper shaker with long legs and a short skirt, dangling on the arm of an even taller Sherlock Holmes.
His face was the same wide, open window Sherlock had come to know, always the opposite of the wild frame Sherlock knew about himself.
Sherlock didn't say anything for a moment, trying to collect his voice, "...I-" He blurted it out before he could convince himself otherwise, "You didn't have to do this. Come look for me." His voice was shaking despite how hard he was trying to steady it.
"Good." He walked around and slid beside John, his arm resting on the top of the seat, not quite around John. Half of John wanted to tell Sherlock to put his arm down, the other half wanted Sherlock to pull him close.
"Thank you for your input. Can you leave now, so I can get back to my current life of Jell-o and day time television?"
By the time he got home he was dead on his feet. He felt like he would never be truly awake again, his whole life from now on would be blurred and fuzzy. He walked up the stairs with his eyes half closed, not even caring that his sister actually looked in his direction as she made her way out the door.
I didn't pull the covers back. I laid on top of them and stared at the wall. He kept his room neat. He kept everything neat. He wasn't a bad roommate. If I breathed in and closed my eyes, I could pretend to feel him next to me. He would wrap his arms around me for the whole night and wouldn't move. If I turned around he would wait until I was facing him before pulling me closer. He wasn't scared of having me close. I turned and faced the other wall. I reached my hand out to see if maybe there was still an indentation of him in the mattress. Nothing. He was gone. Even the room had moved on.
John's eyes fell to Sherlock's lips, then back up, hoping that it were too fast for Sherlock to notice, but really, nothing was too fast for Sherlock, or too much. He could run the world at this point, but here he was in John's bed. God, and John was saying no. Of course he was saying no.
"You are!" He was getting hysterical at this point. God, he hated when he did this. He could feel tears behind his eyes and sobs forming in his chest. He couldn't do this, not here, not now.
"Well, I'm not leaving anyway, and yes, it has. I think my track of time is better than yours at the moment."
He felt the door slam, but honestly he couldn't remember Sherlock walking out. The lump in his throat got bigger when he realized he was all alone again.
"I don't need a babysitter." Sherlock let his eyes go cold and sharp. It wouldn't make Mycroft change his mind, at this point there was nothing that would, but he definitely wasn't going to make it easy. He had already mapped out all the exits, including the ones in the bathrooms and closets. It wouldn't be hard to get out and away if he needed to.
He had fallen against the side of the bed, John crouched over him, his hands back his his hair. Sherlock wanted to shake him off.
“…I can-” Sherlock blinked, correcting himself, “I know that feeling. Not specifically, obviously, but that… Haunted feeling. I know what it’s like to have that follow you around. To have something follow you around.”
"You're the one who left, Sherlock!" John snapped, "You're the one who shut the door, you're the one who didn't come back. Yes, I was a jerk, but I didn't want you to leave."
And I felt angry. I wanted to tear the whole flat apart for no other reason than to destroy something. I felt like a storm, like a tragedy, like a force of nature that got kicked up after bad air pressure, and John— John was the source. John was the reason I felt like this.
He pulled at his sheets with one hand, as the other felt at the marked skin through the fabric of his shirt, the only evidence of Sherlock’s hands on him, his lips on him. John blocked everything from his mind except his own hands. If he focused on anything else, he would end up punching a wall or throwing a vase.
"No." He glared down at John, "I'm not gonna do it. I was tired and I wasn't even sure why I said anything."
John's mouth was half open, and his heartbeat was through the roof as he could feel red, black, blue, and purple, form under his skin. As he could feel humming on his chest and a hand traveling lower than it should. His mind caught up, and his body stiffened.
"Mind if we make a stop?" Sherlock asked, opening and closing his hand, feeling the wind glide through his fingers.
His room was also empty. And quiet. It would’ve been peaceful on any other day before this. The bed was made. Probably one of the last things John touched in the whole flat. I walked forward and sat on the edge. I had been in this bed so many times before. When John spent long nights at the local clinic when he dragged me upstairs to do nothing but fall asleep next to me. I had spent so many nights in here, and during all of them, I thought about all the reasons it was a bad idea, all the ways this could end in flames. I had spent so much time trying to convince John that this wasn't worth it, and now he wasn't here to argue with.
Sherlock towered over him, words heavy in the air and intended only for John’s ears. It was too bad everyone else heard them.
Sherlock glared at John, his eyes freezing over for the second time since he'd first brought John on that god forsaken ride.
His sister used to tell him stories of when she went out with guys. (Years ago, when she still cared enough to talk to John.) She would come into his room on Friday night, right after a date, and tell John everything that was wrong with it. She always looked the same as usual (she never dressed up for a date, always said it was pointless. If the guy didn't like her when she dressed normal then he didn't like her at all.)
It turns out hell is on the back of a motorcycle at 79 miles-per-hour where John could feel the wind on his face and Sherlock’s body beneath him. It turns out hell is black curls and agitated gravel, and it turns out John doesn’t mind. John doesn’t mind having to grip Sherlock’s waist for dear life, or not knowing where he’s going or what he’s leaving behind, and it turns out that John likes more of this than he thought he would.
Sherlock's voice was too high and too quiet. He was looking at his cigarette in hand, his other one tapping on his thigh.
On the ride back, John felt something he never had before. His heart was too big for his chest, and a smile was glued to his face. John felt like he was in a world all of his own when he was with Sherlock. A world no one could touch.
Molly stopped asking him questions since every time she did John shut down. No matter how much time passed, or how much John built his routine around not having Sherlock there, the wound was still fresh in his mind and the words kept replaying in his head.
But, the weekend was as bad, probably worse, as John couldn't even drown out what had actually happened in his head with voices of his teachers, or smother it in his books. His house was quiet, which only made more room for a mind full of leather jackets and warm flesh. When it wasn't silent enough for John to practically hear the neighbors, he could hear the crashing of dishes or the slamming of doors, from either his sister or dad. He couldn't tell which, the smell of booze came with both.
"No, no, that's not- I'm not saying we're- Look..." Sherlock sighed, "I'm not- I'm not the best. When it comes to this stuff. I'm aware of that."
He looked back to Sherlock, whose face was pure stone. His jaw was set and his eyes were closed. He didn't look upset or mad, he just looked neutral. John wanted to ask him why he didn't like talking about it, but he also didn't want to Sherlock to put his guard up any more.
"If this didn't matter, I wouldn't still be here, Doll." There was just a hint of a smile in his eyes.
"I'm just able to observe more than others. Though it is flattering to have you looking at me like I'm a god."
“I’m… not sure.” He looked down at the tray, a light wood with pale blue plates in different sized placed upon it. He had made simple eggs, bacon, and pancakes, but the fact that they had been made for Sherlock and brought to him like a stupid whirlwind-love kind of movie… It was unreal.
Sherlock turned onto a road that seemed to go on forever, one side tall trees that blocked out the sun and the other, flat land, grass that moved together in waves.
The moment he closed the door behind him he felt the air press in around him. Everything felt thick and seemed to crawl down his throat with every breath. John, in a way, enjoyed this weather. He enjoyed feeling the air instead of ignoring it. It was almost symbolic of how John wanted to be, and how Sherlock acted. However, he didn't enjoy the pure heat covering every inch of his body.
He didn’t know where his hands were, or if he would ever find them again as Sherlock’s mouth moved in ecstasy around John’s.
He was putting on his shoes when he heard a honk from his driveway. He looked out his window, and didn't have to see anything more than headlights before dashing downstairs, finding his sister quite dressed up and by the door.
Sherlock took John's mind off of everything he could worry about. John felt nothing but Sherlock, heard nothing but Sherlock, wanted nothing but Sherlock. John didn't care about the consequences if this is what he got in return.
He went a day without Sherlock, then two, then three, then a whole week had passed and John's chest ached every time he got home. Everything melted together without Sherlock to make the days notable. Everything was bland and boring. Just like John himself.
John felt a shiver run up his spine, despite his whole body feeling like fire even after Sherlock pulled away.
John sighed and looked at himself in the mirror. He wondered what Sherlock saw in him. John wasn't exactly special, in fact, he worked hard not to be. He liked staying low, being one of the pack.
It wasn't that surprising. Of course he was only interested in guys. John wondered if he should've been more shocked.
He couldn’t shake the feeling that all of it would go bad, that it would blow up in his face. John would start to hate him, would leave, would forget about him.
worked a bit harder on this one. i'm stuck between making them longer and thus letting people get more into them and have less question and getting them out a bit faster. not posting after a few days makes me feel anxious. maybe i should just work on that instead.
I thought about sneaking into the morgue, but I couldn’t get out of my chair. The sun was going down at this point. I couldn’t see the dust anymore. I closed my eyes and for a second, just for a moment, I could pretend John’s footsteps were somewhere in the flat. I pushed down the temptation to pretend he was still here. The tea had stopped coming in. By now I would be in my room or John’s room. I would be under the covers and he would be wrapped around me, telling me about some doctor story. He would be here. He was supposed to be here. I plucked another sting. The note was harsh and died quickly in the air. I plucked it again, and again, then once more. It was out of tune.
John convinced Sherlock to wait until Friday. Sherlock said he was gonna pick John up himself, he wanted it to be as close to a real date as possible. (John had come around to calling it a date. Somewhere between Sherlock kissing him and John getting ready.)
“John, I know, just trust me,” He said quickly, his eyes pleading. Less like a puppy dog and more like the look right before John was almost killed at the hands of some serial killer.  John rolled his neck and started running with Sherlock. The rain splashed around his calves and he could feel the splattering on his entire leg.
He felt better now that he had taken a detour. In balance, almost. He closed his eyes and let his thoughts swim in and out freely. He didn't know why everyone was so upset. He wasn't stupid. He wasn't going to try and overdose
"Uh…He's it really." The corner of his lip twitched, "I've lived with him since around eleven years old."
"Exactly. I don't expect you to want to be around me all the time, because I don't want you to expect the same from me."
He stayed up and watched how the sun rose on John’s face, revealing the palest of freckles across the tip of his nose.
Sherlock huffed, "Because I wanted to forget, John. I wanted to pretend like everything hadn't just gone wrong."
Sherlock chuckled, staring at John's hand, "Might've, at one point. I've worn out his patience by now."
"You are." His breathing was getting faster, his fingers getting numb, "You are. You're trying to force you're way into my life like a fucking quirky, coming-of-age story. Go fuck yourself, John."
Sherlock  blew a cloud of smoke out of his mouth, "Whenever you feel like  you would prefer to have someone besides your drunk family-"
Maybe that was a better option than going with Sherlock. He should be at home, safe under the soft covers of his bed, not here with a burning flame. Someone would definitely see them. Without a doubt.
He didn’t have much time anyway, because John was stepping out of the door soon after. He tried to read John’s mood, but his head was too scattered.
"You're looking at my lips." John said even though he was looking at Sherlock's too. He wondered how they could fit so well with John's, how it was even possible for them to make John's heart race and blood pressure spike.
It was all fine. Sherlock had probably given up on him, and probably didn't actually want, nor mean what he said to John. Of course he didn't.
Sherlock pushed him back against the wall, and opened his mouth to say something, but bared his teeth instead, then leaned back in and sucked a harsh mark right above John's collar.
Molly hit him again, this time with her hand, "Yes, I called. You worried me. You were supposed to keep me updated remember?"
John stayed quiet for a moment. Sherlock sounded the same, except for a slight twinge of…desperation? Fear? It sounded like he didn't want to lose John, but he also didn't want John to know that.
It wasn't that Sherlock wanted John, (or that he needed him) but it was nice to know... What? That John wasn’t someone else’s? John was his? Because he wasn't. They'd known each other for maybe a few days, and in that Sherlock had gotten him in trouble, tricked him, gotten high on his watch, and made him stay the night at a cheap hotel. He wasn’t even sure why John kept putting up with him.
“Because he has to. My dad won in court, so he has to.” Sherlock swallowed and stared at the ceiling.
John spent the next couple days thinking of the ways he could approach Sherlock, without much result. The only reason he even kept this a possibility was Molly's incessant talk about it. She constantly asked John what he was gonna do, if he was ever gonna do it, until it turned out he didn’t have to.
"I couldn't stop picturing you dead somewhere." His eyes flickered down, "I wouldn't have ever forgiven myself if, on the very first day, I had left you forgotten in some ditch or drug den."
John wondered who she was, and what she meant to Harry, and where they were going. He sighed and sat on the couch, tugging his pants down over his ankles.
Sherlock launched towards him and crashed into his lips. John's head hit the door, but his whole existence was singled down to Sherlock.
He took the tourniquet and wrapped it around his own arm. This was it, the ritual. Getting whoever was with him blasted, then focusing on himself. It had worked out for years, especially with Finn once they got more comfortable around each other.
I nodded, keeping my eyes on him. I didn't know if I could trust my eyes. They had failed me before. I should've seen it. I wanted so badly to believe he was still alive, and he was, and I didn't know. Betrayed. I laid my head back down, closing my eyes. John squeezed my hand.
"Okay. Fine." He wiggled himself into a sitting position against the headboard and took the cup from John, "You don't have to be a smartass."
By the end of the week, John was barely sure what had actually happened, all he knew was that he was glad he would have a whole two days without false conclusions flying over his head.
Sherlock's smirk grew, "I had no idea you existed until this very moment. Are you going to answer my question?"
Did Mary know the reason Sherlock was tagging behind John? Did she care either way? Would she blame Sherlock?
gonna be a lot slower updating this at this rate. will prolly be more productive on the weekends than weekdays, we'll see. i know it's a short chapter, but i wanted to update tonight. hope you enjoyed. x
It was a common thing, someone getting the wrong purity and accidently shooting up with something 20% more pure than what you're used to, and winding up fucked up beyond repair. Finn sometimes teased him about how careful he was about what he got his hands on, but if the whole thing was about control, why wouldn't he be?
‘My name is John, this is my daughter Mina and I was hoping to find some toys, I really want those big Lego bricks but the store we went into seemed determined little girls only needed ones in Pink and Purple and those sets to build beauty salons and things.’ The noise of disgust seems to come from behind a tower of books, ‘where exactly are you?’
“Are you armed?” John asked. Francis visibly faltered; his mouth opening slightly in mid answer. “Francis it’s a simple question; are you armed?”
‘Well no, I don’t think so. I went in yesterday to see the team and catch up. Write up’s being done, but once the fatalities were reported, it got moved department. The whole team is giving statements, and it’s looking like they’re setting up for an inquest. However, it would be into individual team member actions and not my leadership. The terrible thing is, I can see them pinning it on Summers, and I don’t want that.’
‘Lord no, although i'm sure she will be glad you considered it, Sherlock would have detested the idea. Not that he didn't love our mother, more that naming a child in a traditional manner would have upset his rebellion’ That left john still pondering the list he had been creating in his head, he didn't want anything too modern, he came from a family which honored the names of people that had been important to one of the parents, perhaps he could come to a combination of someone important to him and someone important to Sherlock, or Sherlock's family perhaps. He decided he did rather like the idea of a double barrelled last name as well.
“Denise, I want a divorce. I know you have asked me before and I have always said no but honestly I’m tired of being miserable and I’m sure you are too, so let’s both agree to be happy and get ourselves out of this toxic mess.” He likely spoke too quickly but speed he decided in this matter was no bad thing. Greg liked to think the awkwardness when they shared a room was so thick you could see it.
‘Report’ his voice comes out in a croak but he clears it quickly, the second time its clearer if still watery, ‘Report’.
Mycroft looks out over the garden, it’s when John observes him in profile that he sees the family resemblance strongest, ‘There is a great deal I simply cannot talk about and even more that I think you would find distressing to know.’ John can see the truth in this; he doesn’t have any level of security clearance anymore.
“You listen to me Gregory Lestrade. That bloke is mine. His body is mine. His brain is mine. His heart is mine and if you wanna fucking fight me for him I will beat your arse, copper or not, I was in the bloody army you enormous cock. I was a fucking captain dick head” John says.
‘So then, I believe you had a story to share Mister Holmes.’ The lone voice interrupted the contemplations of the room’s other residents, Gregory Lestrade had removed one of the dust sheets from an armchair, John's he noticed and sat himself upon it crossing his ankles.
‘No on cases like this I don’t think anyone does, but they need someone these kids and that’s what we’re here for, so if you need anything just drop us a call.’ She hands him a card, this one has her name and number on it. She’s smiling at him and he knows instantly that if he ever did need their help he’d call her in a heartbeat.
‘Honestly I’d love the distraction John and it would be good to see you and Mina.’ John thought he heard a touch of sadness in the way Greg stated this, he should make more of an effort to include the man in events and activities, they used to spend every Thursday evening at the pub together after all.
The story line is easily engaging and watching Peter Davison dress as a Harlequin made him laugh till his sides hurt, Tammy was right when she’d said he was in for a treat, during the credits of the first episode John snuck upstairs to check on Mina, she’d turned In her sleep so she was facing the door, her blanket wrapped haphazardly around her limbs and her thumb rests lightly by her mouth as if she’d fallen asleep sucking it, he sits for a minute at the top of the stairs to watch her, he doesn’t trust himself to always know when she needs him, he’s found her before awake in her crib in tears but not making any sound. The first time this had happened he’d panicked and taken her to see Sarah at the clinic but she’d reassured him that Mina was in no way ill she was merely responding to her former trauma. Unsurprisingly this had made John feel no better and he’d only trusted Sarah’s advice so far before doing more research on his own. She’d explained that at the age Mina was she was unlikely to carry the trauma with her forever, as she grew and understood that she was now safe and that John wasn’t going to leave her she would calm down more. His research supported the idea that young children had incredible abilities to heal from trauma without lasting damage but John maintained a constant awareness for their surroundings and any potential triggers for her distress. He swore being a parent was making him more jumpy, jumpier than even the unacknowledged realities of PTSD had made him.  Mina seemed perfectly peaceful in her slumber so John risked moving downstairs again. He wanted to watch the conclusion of Black Orchid before she woke once more.
‘John if you need anything call any of the numbers you have for me,’ Mycroft’s professional tone returned with the suit and not for the first time John wondered to what degree the pieces formed an armour for Mycroft, ‘Anthea can get me out of any calls and I can be here in less than twenty minutes. A pushchair is arriving in the morning and if you’re going to be leaving the house with her I’d really appreciate if you’d call me. Until all the people involved in with place she was being kept have been processed and the threat to her neutralised I want to have security aware of her at all times.’
Sherlock's lips met John's and the world buzzed around them. A bull could charge through the window and John wouldn't know the difference. Sherlock kissed him like it was the last time he could, like John was his last breath. John had never felt so utterly, and completely taken in his entire life.
He was right of course. Sherlock wouldn't tell anyone- couldn't really. They would both get in trouble, possibly locked up, and it wasn't like John actually
He ran a hand over his face, and the moment I could see his features again, he looked like he had aged ten years. I felt awful. I felt like I was coming apart at the seams, like he needed to hold me himself even though he was jumping off the roof yesterday.
Before John could respond Sherlock had already turned on his heel and left, leaving John slightly out of breath and late to class.
Sherlock ordered a milkshake, but let John sneak drinks of it when he wanted. He sat across from him, but would bump their feet together whenever he could. He stared at John with all the willpower of the world, and John was sure Sherlock could move mountains at that point.
Whispers followed him all the way to the last bell and outside where Sherlock was nowhere to be found. John breathed a sigh of relief, and enjoyed the fresh air on his way home.
On one hand he felt terrible for not automatically saying yes. Of course he wanted Sherlock back, all the time, everyday, but on the other hand he knew that at this point it didn't matter what answer he gave. He could feel his resolve slipping like a mudslide, or an out of control spark, burning every "no" in his mind.
“Sh.” Sherlock said quickly. John could feel his hot breath brush over his face, the only warmth he had felt since he had walked outside.
"Okay. Okay." John took a deep breath. Sherlock hoped he was getting tired of him, "Why do you think that?"
I didn't sit in my chair. My hands felt like they were going thin at the edges, like they were fading into the background, and I couldn't have my whole body fade. I grabbed my coat, caught a cab, and arrived at Scotland Yard, which was quiet too.  Lestrade was the first one who saw me, but everyone else was turning their heads. I wanted them all to disappear. My head felt fuzzy, blurred. I should've been here with John. John would tell them all to go fuck themselves. What were they looking at? Didn't they have jobs to do?
Sherlock looked at John for a long while. John could hear faint dialogue in the background, but he didn't care what it was. He'd meant what he said. Sherlock didn't deserve whatever he had now, and if that meant John being the one to give him better, then so be it.
He came home with me. He picked up my violin and made a joke about glueing it back together because he would miss it too much. I dropped my coat on the floor and he picked that up too. His footsteps weren't right. He didn't walk like he owned the room, more like he was renting, like he was just occupying space, like he was waiting to be kicked out. It was different, and I already had too much different.
question if yall care to answer, do you like shorter or longer chapters (Shorter being 300-500 words, longer being like 700-1000) theres some chapters that are like 10000 words, but i would hate writing that.
He thought of Sherlock, with his tight black-washed jeans and leather jackets. He wasn't one of the pack, never would be. People couldn't handle Sherlock, part of the reason he didn't make friends.
