The next morning, the boys make their way to the local ranger station, dressed in their suits. The inside of the station looks about what is to be expected: maps pinned up on the log walls, plaques proudly discussing local history and geological facts, some basic outdoor gear available for purchase, the occasional taxidermied critter, bird of prey or fox. There’s an odd trophy on one wall, of an oversized lemming with a buck’s antlers mounted on it. The boys give it a wide berth. At the sight of the two suits, a sinewy, grizzled old ranger comes out from behind the counter.
“Guess I can’t be too mad about that,” Dean admits. There is a smile at the corner of his lips, threatening to expand.
“You were right about him, you know.” Dean can’t quite look at Cas. “About Jack. From the beginning. I should have listened to you.”
The lights in the bunker turn on in the library, the corridors, the map room. Dean is in the library, standing at one of the tables, running his hands over the initials carved into the wood. Sam is at the top of the stairs, at the bunker’s entrance. The glimpse from the other side of the door as Sam opens it. Dean looks up, sees who it is. Smiles.
They let the quiet of night and the roar of the road fill the car for a moment, the atmosphere humming with their good humor and the weightlessness of their new-found freedom. In a more somber tone, Sam says, “You know, I’m
Sam, always the one to offer comfort, taps on the map on the counter. “If he is what we think he is, we can stop him.”
“Right,” Dean hitches the rug sack up on his shoulder and starts hiking. “We don’t have time to call it in, even if it does belong to one of the people gone missing. We just gotta hope we’re not too late.”
Sam looks confused, huffs a disconcerted laugh. Looks between his brother and the angel. “Cas,” he finally manages, “
“Crowley told me to tell you, Sam,” Cas starts, uncertain. “That he – ” The angel tilts his head to one side, squints. “ – that he finally know where to start looking?”
Both of the Winchesters appear thoroughly deflated and a little embarrassed. The man they thought was a monster inhales deeply, and takes a visual inventory of the damage done to his cabin.
!” Dean takes the rod, runs his hands down its length, admiring the craftsmanship. This isn’t just some superstore purchase. This is quality outdoorsman equipment.
“Family,” Dean turns the word over, like something well-worn and well-loved. There is a weightlessness to the emotion in his eyes. A hope, maybe for the very first time, in the potential of a future. A belief that, yes, good things
Sam is a little more touched by this than he expected to be, and glances down and away, half smiling, half working through his emotions. Dean also appears to be processing. Some of what Becky said is reassuring. Some, less so.
As the final chords of “Suit and Jacket” reach a crescendo, Sam and Dean attach a gleaming plaque to the outside of the bunker, next to the entrance. It is inscribed with the name of this thing the Winchesters and their family have all made together. Something greater than the Men of Letters, more than a hunters’ guild, something dedicated to all of them and the future they intend to build together.  It reads Mother Mary’s Home For Wayward Sons and Daughters.
The room is quiet for a moment, the boys letting these words settle inside them. Cherng is content, having had his say, leans back on the couch, just being in the moment.
“Ben?” Dean asks, his attention clearly diverted from squabbling with Sam. He doesn’t look particularly pleased, a bit protective. “Ben who?” He demands.
To cover the light sheen of tears that are forming, Dean clears his throat, looks at his feet. Then wags a finger at the two of them and says in a voice that is reminiscent of all the years big brother Dean took care of little Sammy in all those motel rooms – “Now, you gotta be responsible for him, Sam. You gotta walk him, and clean up after him, and everything. Don’t come crying to me for help, either. And no dog hair in Baby!”
“You know, maybe,” Dean continues, “Maybe if something like this had been around for – ” He stops. Thinks about it. His voice is a little rough when he starts to speak again. “For dad, after mom was killed. For us. When we were kids. For Kevin’s mom, or Benny, or your friend Amy. You know? Maybe things could have been a hell of a lot different for a lot of people.”
. Classic cars, mostly. And on the side, maybe keep stuff running for hunters and folks here and there. Keep my own hours, a ‘gone fishing’ sign in the window. Just, you know, a little something for when it comes time to retire from the life.”
“That’s the idea. It – ” Cas could almost be mistaken for doing an eye roll as he makes what is clearly an understatement. “ – took some time. There were hundreds of thousands of generations of souls in Heaven. And in Hell. Most weren’t really souls anymore, they’ve been in one place or the other for so long. They’ve lost all sense of self, and are now just – ” How to explain it in human terms? “ – energy. Bright energy, dark energy. Both are needed for balance, to create and destroy. Jack used a lot of that to undo what Chuck did. To remake the other worlds.”
“You got a second? I, ah – ” Dean looks superbly pleased with himself, like a kid eager to share in a surprise, “I got you something.”
Dean nods. Violence, bloodlust, hunting. Those are all things he innately understands. As well as the difficulty that comes with separating himself from it.
The show needed to “wrap up” the world for the finale. But by that, I mean they needed to answer some of the larger questions about that world, and what was going to happen in it, and therefore to it. They needed to provide the audience with a sense of closure without an ending. That that world would go on, even after the final credits. It didn’t feel that way in the canonical series finale. I hope it does feel that way here.
“And that family, the one down in Nebraska? Man, do they know how to make a mean PB and J. You would have loved it.” Dean laughs, remembering the memory of the family as well as the memory of human Cas loving peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. “They were so grateful, they loaded up the cooler with ‘em. And those sandwiches didn’t make it home either – Sam and I polished ‘em off almost before we hit state lines.”
believed, if not the entirety of the fandom – that the series finale would end…differently. If not an entirely happy ending, then at least an open road. We thought that the world of spn would be left open to us, with room to explore what happened to the characters we loved after the final credits.
Dean’s expression of “Ah! My bad” conveys he’s suddenly aware he was making a play on someone else’s court, and whether it’s because he’s matured or because the situation involves Claire, he obviously doesn’t let his thoughts dwell on any potential sexual scenario, like he once might have. Sam still gives his brother an exasperated look.
As fans and as creators, we all have different perspectives, different opinions. This was just my version of the ending. And I sincerely look forward to reading other’s versions in the future.
Dean’s mouth falls open. He looks from Claire to the Impala, waiting patiently in the parking lot. Then back at Claire.
missed you.” Dean puts stress on the last bit like he desperately needs Cas to understand whatever it is he’s not saying. Whatever it is Dean’s not entirely certain he’s ready to say.
“Well, that’s okay,” Sam says. He stands up straight, proud. “Because dealing with things that like? That’s what we’re here for.”
The library and the storage room, the old offices and the infirmary, everywhere resources and artifacts are being sorted and catalogued. Crowley, having removed his overcoat, carries in more items from his own personal stash. Rowena sorts through the spellbooks, making annotations and corrections. Sam and Dean examine and log weapons. Cas and Eileen work side by side properly labeling and storing items. Dean at the computer, researching. Cas, reviewing wards. Rowena sorting through spell components in the infirmary.
Cas clenches and unclenches his fists, shuffles slightly, looks around. He waits for Dean to raise his head and look at him.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, trailing off as he looks around at all the books and artifacts on the table. “Looking through all of this,” Dean gestures to the beginnings of his brother’s database and tries not to appear too hopeful. “you find anything new about closing the Gates of Hell? Or maybe” he hesitates, “getting a peek inside the Empty?”
Dean glances at Sam, glances back at the road. “Yeah,” he says after a moment, low, with intent. “Me too.”
Sam rolls over onto his back, gets ahold of the man, the two tearing at each other. Furniture topples. Arms and legs flail. Dean is attempting to wrestle the wendigo-stranger-assailant off his brother. There are hands pounding at his back, small hands, beating on his in persistent futility.
Crowley, dressed in dark jeans and a loose henley, laying the Demon Tablet alongside other highly valuable or dangerous items, closes the door on the new vault somewhere within the bowels of the bunker. He returns to the library to find Dean waiting for him, with two glassed of what must surely be Craig in hand. Dean passes one to Crowley, they share a smile, and clink their glasses together.
“I can’t take all the credit.” Cas is serious now, forces Dean to meet his gaze. “Dean, Jack wasn’t good because he was born that way, because of who his mother was, or because I believed in him. Jack became a good person because he had people who
Unable to defend himself against the accuracy of that statement, Dean snags his bag and heads up the stairs.
“Becky,” Sam says, leaning forward, “All of this, everything that you’re working on, that you’re helping to build. You know it’s going to change things, right? And not just for us, or for you or the people who’re directly involved with the supernatural. For everyone. Humans, monsters. All of us.”
Claire returns, unaware of the looks the boys are tossing each other, and plops down next to Jody. “That was Ben. He thinks he might have heard of a case.”
Dean looks surprised, in a good way. He claps his hands together, and then opens them wide, wiggles his fingers in a ‘gimme’ gesture.
“What?” Dean demands, already prepared for Sam-the-killjoy. “Fire kills wendigos, man! I’ve been dying to use this thing!”
For a moment longer, Dean and Cas continue to stare at one another. There is some sort of recognition or acknowledgement that passes between them, some relenting on Castiel’s part. His expression shifts, he nods. Dean clenches and unclenches his jaw.
, the philosopher Nathan Stout makes the argument that some monsters belong to what philosophers call the moral community. That is, they share the same understanding of morality as humans (including the ability to empathize with others), and therefore should only be killed when they act in a way that is collectively understood to be morally reprehensible (like killing humans). If these “monsters” aren’t killing anyone, if they’re just living out their lives, their biology shouldn’t mark them for death at the hands of a hunter. Or, as Dean puts it to Sam, “It’s not what you are that matters – it’s what you do.” A monster isn’t a monster just by virtue of the fact they’re not human.
“So get this,” Sam says at last, glancing at his brother over the top of the laptop. “From the local police reports, it looks like there’s been a handful of people in the area who have gone missing in the last few months. Mostly women from the Tsilhqotʼin First Nation, I think. And then folks from town.”
Mother Mary’s Home For Wayward Sons & Daughters was the name I came up with for the organization Crowley would eventually establish in One of the Boys. I have been holding onto this for years. I am mad in love with it. And I release it now into the fandom. I sincerely hope to see it used elsewhere, because it is, to my mind, just too perfect.
“Bobby always did like to straighten out people that he thought had their heads up their asses,” Dean remarks, shaking his head. He brushes away an excess tear with the back of his hand, sniffs a little. Sam is still chuckling, pats his brother lightly on the back.
“He liked to – to set up scenarios, you know? And then watch how everything played out. I mean, maybe there was a time or two, to push the story in one direction or another, Chuck wrote what he wanted to happen, what he wanted you to do. You, or Cas, or – or Crowley, or whoever. But most of the time?” She almost looks apologetic, or maybe a little sad for them. “Most of the time, it was the two of you. Your decisions, your actions, your
Sam thinks about it for a moment, then nods, grinning. Dean smiles, turns his eyes back to the road. The two of them smile to themselves, feeling free, and triumphant, and ready for whatever comes next. Sam stares out the window of the passenger side of the car for a moment, watching the night roar past them. Then he reaches down for the dial on the radio.
“So, that’s it then?” Sam asks, after a moment. “We saved the world from Chuck. And Jack is remaking it for the better.”
“And Eileen? How are the two of you getting along?” Jody prompts, a bit of her mothering tendencies showing through.
“Not a library, Dean. A database. An accessible collection of lore and cases and creatures and magic and-and all of it.”
“Think I’m just gonna grab some grub, watch a cheesy horror flick, and get some shut-eye.” Dean flops down onto the bed, and spreads out in a posture of repose.
Dean bounces up the stairs from the corridor leading down to the garage, into the control room, and takes a look around the room. Cole is talking with a group of hunters, giving them instructions. Marie is drafting cover stories and designing fake IDs. Harry and Ed are having a minor squabble over adding Jefferson Starships to the database. Dean exchanges a few greetings here and there, and makes his way up into the library.
Eileen and Sam in the map room, holding each other’s hands. Eileen reaches up, runs a hand over Sam’s cheek. He closes his eyes, breathes her in. She raises her hand, signs “I love you.” Sam half laughs, half chokes up. Nods. Signs it back. Eileen presses her lips into a smile, laughs herself, half crying. Sam pulls her close, and never lets go.
All of that takes a lot of something that makes for really boring television – administration. Something Crowley would be fairly good at, hence why I intended to write it into One of the Boys, but it is not something suited to the Winchesters themselves. We were never going to see this in the canon – except, potentially, in the finale. Because it wouldn’t need to be explored, or fully shown, or developed in any sort of episodic way. And grappling with the end of violence – or at least a partial end – in spn would have allowed for the thing we all ultimately really wanted: for Sam and Dean to lay their weary heads to rest, while still being able to save people from the supernatural.
What would that look like? Well, it would mean making information about the supernatural available for anyone looking for it. Real information, reliable, credited, not the random lore the boys come across on the internet. (And yes, some gatekeeping would be necessary, with spells and such.) It means offering counseling sessions for families affected by the supernatural, either because it runs through their blood or they’ve been attacked by something. And providing those families with the means to continue to protect themselves, not just giving them “the talk” and then driving off. Here’s your salt, here’s what keeps ghosts at bay, here’s how to protect against possession. It means matching kids orphaned by the supernatural with families who know about it, and can help them process and heal from their experience. It means helping cryptids that are not predatory integrate into the society, so they do not feel isolated, like outcasts. And it means helping those that might become (rugarus) or have become (vampires, werewolves) non-humans manage their affliction, the same way we help – should help – people with mental health issues.
“Whatever it is,” the older man says, standing strong and firm and a little proud of this new breed of hunter, “just make sure it’s something that doesn’t define itself as ‘good’ simply by labeling something else as ‘bad’.”
“Sorting through some stuff from the store room,” Sam says. “There’s so much here that we’ve never properly looked through, figured out what it is or what it’s for. Books, artifacts, spells. Stuff that might be really helpful.” He shows his brother something out of one of the boxes. “And not just for us. For other hunters out there. You know, real Men of Letters stuff.”
“And yes,” Dean adds, “I checked with Eileen. About your apartment and all that. Even learned how to say dog.” He makes the appropriate sign with his hand, a little clumsily, but it’s a valid attempt.
There will understandably be fans who read all the way through this because it was tagged as Destiel and come away feeling disappointed. What I imagine – and what I hope the reader imagines – down the road that lies ahead is a romantic, sexual partnership between Dean and Cas.
Cherng raises from the couch, walks over to the little kitchen. “I don’t go into town much, or talk with anyone.” He pours some coffee into two mugs, brings them back over. Hands one to each of the Winchesters, who take it as the olive branch it’s meant to be. “That’s why I started after you – thought you were some of the white guys from town, come to cause trouble.” He lowers himself back down across from them.
(Also, the idea that non-humans are excluded from the afterlife simply for being non-human seemed exceptionally species-ist, even by spn standards. We’re told that “the souls of Purgatory” are energy that can be just as powerful as human souls in Heaven or Hell. Thus, monsters / non-humans have souls. And yet, their biology – not the moral weight of their actions – determines their afterlife.
Dean’s crossroads deal and going to Hell. Lilith. Ruby, the demon knife. Hellhounds. Dean’s resurrection. Castiel’s dramatic entrance in that barn, all those years ago. Sam’s demon blood addiction. Lucifer’s rising. Ellen and Jo. Becky. Bobby. Swan Song. Hunting alphas alongside Samuel Campbell. Soulless Sam. Lisa and Ben. Castiel and Crowley searching for Purgatory. The Leviathans. Charlie. Kevin. The Tablets, the trials, the angels falling. The cure and its lingering effect on Crowley. Abaddon, Gadreel, Metatron, Naomi. Cain. The Mark. Demon Dean. Rowena. The Darkness.
“Great!” Dean claps Sam on the shoulder, and bounds back out of the library, down the steps and disappears down a corridor.
Dean sets the gift to the side, and pulls his brother into a hug. It is one of those long, meaningful Winchester hugs, with their arms around each other, the grip of plaid shirts between fingers. Dean can barely see over Sam’s shoulder – or he wouldn’t be able to, if both of them weren’t breathing in the moment, eyes closed. The two of them, having made it out, made it through all that hell, together.
Dean looks confused by the item Sam has handed him, examines it, puts it back in the box. “Putting all of this in some kinda order, put warning labels on things. You’re talking about starting a library from scratch.”
“Yeah, well.” Dean thinks about it for a moment, then meets Sam’s sympathetic gaze. “Guess I’m trying to do what you’ve been trying to get me to do for years. Have a little faith. What with Jack being all, you know,
“Yes. And put back the people and animals and everything in them that Chuck destroyed. Including the Bobby and Charlie and others from that apocalypse world. Which, obviously, Jack cleaned up a little.” And Cas attempts and fails not to smile with his whole being. There is pride there. And love. “He’s really doing a great job. You’d be proud of him.”
– that could be used for something good. We could never be hunters, but hunting isn’t the only way to help. The Supernatural fandom has artists and social workers and journalists and doctors. People who love research, people good with tech and data. Average, every day people who can be capable of the most amazing acts of kindness and generosity. And we have you,” she smiles proudly at the boys, “inspiring us to
The old man hmms again, not entirely convinced but not seeing much harm in giving the Winchesters aid.
Sam laughs a real, hearty laugh. He’s rubbing his hands through the dog’s fur, smiling. And the two of them look up at Dean. “I think I can handle it.”
A lot of fans were upset that Wayward Sisters did not get picked up as its own spin-off show. As much as I liked Claire, was interested in where Alex’s and Patience’s lives would take them, and adore Jody and Donna, I couldn’t see in the premier episode there being enough heart to the spin-off to carry it forward. It felt a little too CW-esque for me. That’s just my opinion.
“I ended up there as well, a pawn that had forgotten its place, a puppet without strings. But after what Jack had unleashed, all that power, nothing in there was asleep any longer. All of us, shouting. Calling to each other through the darkness. Reaching out. Making connections. Finding each other. I found angels I knew, some who were soldiers in my legion, some I knew as friends. Some – ” Cas looks momentarily ashamed “ – I had slain. Gabriel. Balthazar. Anna. And demons, too.”
. You’ve chosen us – I can’t count how many times. If you need to hear me says it, I’ll say it.” Dean licks his lips, steps forward, resolute. “We want you to stay, Cas.
Sam chuckles, pats him on the shoulder. “That’s good, Elliot. Good job,” and sends him off. When he turns back to the stairs, Dean raises a brow in concerned inquiry. Sam waves it away. “No, don’t worry. He’s gonna be working on lore for quite a while. Maybe set him up with Crowley in the demonology department.” Dean nods in relief, and heads up the stairs, with Sam on his heels.
Dean freezes. He stares down into the Impala, takes a hard swallow. Looks up at his brother. Sam is staring, shocked, over Dean’s shoulder.
“Mind if we make a small, uh, pit stop after?” When Sam raises an eyebrow, Dean searches for the right words, a little embarrassed. “If we’re heading to that part of town, there’s something I’d like to drop off at that mechanic shop. The one on Middleton Street.”
“Yeah,” Sam half-laughs, astounded at the thought. And relieved. Relieved that that’s all behind them. “Yeah, we did, didn’t we?”
With a shake of his head, Sam gathers their bags while Dean checks in, and meets him at the stairs to make their way up to their rooms.
I know I’m not supposed to point them out, that it’s the equivalent of “look how smart I am,” but as someone who is very sympathetic to Castiel when it comes to pop culture, I am very proud of the references and meta references I included in this fic.
The control room and library are a busy place on this particular day. Cases are being reviewed, gear is being replenished, a new response team is being prepped for on-site operations. There is the urgency and comradery of valuable work being done, and new hands eager to help make it happen.
And the canon was happy to leave it there. Becky had achieved the capitalistic, Western ideal of success, become an “emotionally mature” woman, and found a means of profiting off her love of Supernatural.
Outside a roadside diner, with a neon sign in the window flashing Edlund’s Eats, the Impala and Becky’s silver sedan sit side-by-side.
To Sam’s surprise, the older man smiles. And then reaches out a hand for Sam’s, sharing a firm shake.
Sam has come a long way from the kid that ran off to college to get out of the family business. He came to a place first where he accepted this was his life, and then to wanting to be there not just for his brother or destiny, but because it mattered and made a difference. And in the later seasons, Sam begins to unintentionally take on the role of a leader, first with hunters in season 12 and then with the apocalypse reality refugees in season 14. Sam had a lot of potential by the end to be a good leader – his experiences alone provided him with strength of character, bravery, understanding of the cost of his and other’s actions, a strong urge to avoid collateral damage (read: other people), knowledge, and from all of that combined, wisdom. He had been chosen as Lucifer’s vessel to help destroy the world, and he took those damaged pieces of himself and used that to make himself stronger, for the sake of others. I cannot believe he wouldn’t continue in that role as a natural leader, and as someone others respected and looked up to, in the years ahead.
Claire looks up at Dean, basking in the warmth of his approval, and maybe, even a little, in his protectiveness. Dean looks down at her with all the love of a man who’s seeing his girl all grown up, and more than capable of taking on the world on her own. Thankfully, neither of them have to take the world on, on their own, any longer.
The Winchester brothers and Castiel are standing in the living room of Bobby Singer’s house. Bobby’s house, with its red and gold patterned wall paper, the shabby couch, the box television set. The shelves and desk and almost every conceivable surface covered in books or printed articles.
Sam and Dean alone together in the Fortress of Deanitude, fighting over the remote control. Dean and Cas going for a drive. The three of them – Dean and Sam and Cas – out for a night together, sitting at a bar, sharing stories, laughing.
It took me six hours, one corkboard, a length of string for the time line, and a whole packet of index cards to map out a better ending than the series finale. This long-ass author’s note is a compilation of all of the more important things that I thought needed to happen or be included or
“There were so very many of us.” Cas continues, “Until the Empty was no longer empty. It was a place full of agency, of intent. That cosmic entity, that vastness. We realized we could fill it with our intent, if only we worked together. So, we did. We wanted out. We wanted our freedom, from the Empty, from Chuck, from the stories we’d been forced to live as our lives.”
It gets the desired response – Sam laughs, shakes his head. They drive on for a while, enjoying the quiet, each other’s company, the soothing sounds of the Impala that they’ve known all their lives.
Sam takes the steps down two at a time, and jogs a little to catch up with his brother and Becky. They make their way down the road that isn’t a road any longer, a path they blaze together through the new undergrowth, the big figure on the porch and the cabin receding into the forest the farther the three walk.
“Okay,” Sam says, still confused but also delighted at Becky’s enthusiasm and good intentions. “That’s – that’s great, Becky. We – ” He incorporates a less than enthusiastic Dean for Becky’s benefit, “we’re really happy that we could, you know, inspire so many people. But, what does that have to do with what Dave was talking about?”
“Like I said – a lifetime of hunting monsters, it follows you. I went back to keeping tabs, asking questions. Looking in all the dark corners everyone else are happy enough to just pretend don’t exist. People thought I was looking for trouble. And maybe? Who the hell knows, maybe I was. You get a taste for something, or it gets a taste of you, and then enough is never enough, you know?”
that happened to you. I don’t think that’s the way he wrote his stories, not from what I saw. You know – ” she looks slightly embarrassed, “back when we were dating.” Her face does a little crunch at the realization that she dated God.
“I’m better,” she decides. “I’ve got…people, you know? Occasionally, I even – ” she laughs at herself, a little embarrassed, but also happy, “I even let Jody take care of me the way she wants. Home cooked meals, clean laundry. Band-aids on my bruises.” Dean smiles grimly and nods. He knows. He knows how hard it can be to let someone take care of you. And also how much people like he and Claire need that, even if they can’t admit it to themselves, not without it breaking them beyond repair.
“No. I’m not.” The man replies. “But you two – you’re hunters. And typical hunters at that.” Which he rather obviously means as less than a compliment.
Dean huffs in annoyance, and tosses his bag onto the nearest bed. Sam sets his stuff down near the door, and starts setting up his laptop and books on the table in the lounge. Already he’s clearly moved into research mode.
“Yes, yes we are.” Dean replies. “Can you tell us, have there been many bears seen in the area? Or known bear attacks in the last few months. We’re, ah, we’re tracking a case from just over the border in Washington – Washington state, that is – ”
“The demons were a more difficult matter,” Cas admits, “but Crowley was fairly insistent on the best course of – ”
At the same time Josie returns, Claire’s phone rings. She regrettably gets up from the table and moves to the back of the diner to answer it. Josie prompts Dean for his order, and he lists off “Yeah, I’ll have a slice of the blueberry pie, the rosemary bourbon sweet potato pie, the peach tart with mint walnut pesto – ” Sam is raising his eyebrows, “the maple orange pecan, the coconut cream with the vanilla bean whipped cream – ” Jody is now also making a face. Dean flips through the pages of the menu, double checking. “And, what the hell, the nectarine and lavender galette. Whatever that is.” He folds the menu and looks round the table.
“We’ve spoken a time or two on the phone,” Jody adds, that subtle parental statement that says she’s checked out the situation and everything is above board. Then she smiles that sly Jody smile. “Nice boy. Kinda reminds me of you, Dean.”
“What the Hell?” Dean manages, looking around them. He checks himself. He’s here. Sam’s here. Castiel, still two feet away. “Where the Hell are we? Is this…?”
Dean shrugs. “They keep asking me to. I keep putting it off. Been busy, you know? Getting everything in the bunker set up. Spending time with everyone. It’s – it’s been good. But yeah, it’s about time.”
Dean swallows hard. Nods. “Okay. Good.” He clears his throat, takes a half step away. The intensity of the moment eases. Cas shuffles slightly, embarrassed and happy and unsure exactly what to do with himself now. He casts a glance from under his brows at Dean, then raises his head and nods at Sam.
Out on the road, in the familiar comfort of the Impala, the boys are no longer the legendary Winchesters, hunters of monsters and slayers of gods. They are just Sam and Dean. Two brothers on a road trip, with all the moments of humor and petty squabbles and boredom and pure joy along the way. Dean rocking out to Metallica. Sam reading up about the interesting sights and historical locations and small towns they pass through. Stops at Gas N’ Sip stations, Sam pumping gas while Dean returns triumphantly loaded down with beef jerky, pork rinds and giant, neon-colored slurpees.
Dean tucks his tongue into his cheek, grins, abashed at how pleased he is with Sam’s support. “It’s wouldn’t be much, a couple of hours on the weekends. Just to get a sense of the business, maybe-maybe make a few connections. Then, who knows, after a year of two, maybe open my own mom-and-pop shop. Something small.” Dean tries to suppress how pleased he is with the idea, but the smile slips through. He draws out the next word, like he’s painting it on a sign to hang over his mechanic shop. “
“Hey there! Hey, boy,” Sam kneels down, gets his fingers in behind those ears, going right in for the scritches. The two of them nose to nose, in love the moment they set eyes on each other. “Look at you! Who’s a good dog? Huh, buddy? Yeah, you are, aren’t you.” The dog wuffs in agreement.
An unremarkable diner somewhere, Crowley at a table in dark, casual clothes, sitting with a shifting array of characters. Hunters, cryptids, monsters that can pass as human. All of them, listening as he explains this new way of the world, this new hunter’s guild with all it has to offer, open to them, here to help rather than harm. Kevin in the control room, bringing up cases on the flat screens and going over the details with a small group of hunters, all of them nodding along. Sam, gathered with hunters in their homes, in diners, in parking lots. Listening to them, to their stories, their experiences, their fears and their needs. Nodding along, making notes, shaking hands.
“I – ” Cas cocks his head to himself, spreads his arms to take in his corporeal form, but also obviously far more than that. There is a small, self-conscious grimace that crosses his face. “I
“You’ll be great at it.” When Dean doesn’t say anything, just stares ahead, Sam insists. “Dean, you’ll be
“So when your friend Dave was talking about redefining what it means to save people. He wasn’t just talking about changing hunting, changing everyone’s perspective on monsters.”
“You two aren’t the only one who deserve the opportunity to live your lives free of divine intervention. There are others – ” Cas says, his grin just about slipping the reins, “ – family – who want to help. If you’ll have them.”
Jody clearly senses their mixed emotions on the matter. “Kaia’s doing well, going to classes, seeing a counselor.”
“I like him,” Claire says easily, “He’s a bit green, but he’s eager to learn. Though – ” she adds, a little disappointedly, “he’s more interested in how to help families protect themselves from attacks, rather than actually hunting monsters.”
Down the stairs comes Kevin, hair ruffled but beard well-trimmed, bag over his shoulder. Looking happy and enthusiastic. Sam pulls him into a hug, Dean slaps him on the back.
Cas rocks a little on his heels, raises a knowing eyebrow at Dean, almost jokingly. “Are you sure you want me to pass along that message, Dean? Knowing Crowley, he’ll take it as an invitation to visit.”
In the parking lot of Edlund’s Eats, Sam and Dean stare at the angel that has just appeared with the flap of his trench coat. Castiel, fully restored, smiling softly at his two friends.
Becky on her laptop, set up at the old switchboard, showing Sam the network she’s created, explaining what has been designed so far and how it all works.
There are plenty of things in writing this that I could not make better. To fully write a more appropriate ending to spn, in my opinion, we would have needed to back up further in the series. This was more of an attempt to mend, to bring the character arcs to their full and due closure, to attend to the vast swath of plot holes left unfilled, to provide the sense of fulfillment and joy that the finale should have left its fandom with, and –
We are transformative. Just look at what the Supernatural fandom has accomplished. Not just in the weeks since the finale, with all the fundraising for mental health and lgbtq+, but well before that. We have long been a fandom known for our sense of community, our willingness to give of ourselves, to support causes, to come together. That, for many, is part of what it means to be SPNFamily.
Dean wrenches back from the fray. With one last mighty shove, Sam pushes the man off him, grabs his gun. The two stagger to their feet, and back away from each other, gasping and ready should the other try to make a move.
Rowena climbs up the short steps into the library, looking resplendent in royal purples and golds, grinning slyly. She winks at Sam, is greeted with a nod and half-smile from Dean.
Sam gives his brother a look that clearly conveys that either Dean is far too old to be playing this card with the twenty-something waitress, or simply uncomfortable with it in front of Jody and Claire.
The boy’s mouths are hanging open. They step carefully into the room. Dean takes one long look around, and erupts.
Cas smiles cheekily, looking a little proud of himself, and glances up as if he can see all those puppet strings that never could properly bind him. “It would seem all of the criticism about my being naturally defective is true. Rebellion, it seems, comes naturally to me.”
One thing that never changed throughout the series was the desire by both Sam and Dean to one day give up hunting and live an “apple pie” life. This takes different shapes throughout the series, from accepting that can never happen, to discussions between the two of what that might look like, to attempts by one or the other to actually escape into that life. But they both kept being dragged back into the hunting life (by Chuck’s stories or, from a broader perspective, our viewership). And yet, it was always understood that at the end of the series, in some form or another, they would be able to “lay their weary heads to rest” and live more of their lives outside of hunting. We know how that went canonically, and there’s no need to rehash it. It always felt like there would be more than to their retirement, or semi-retirement, than what they received in the canon. There was talk of beaches and going fishing, and in the series finale, an application left on Dean’s desk. I tried to incorporate into this fic as many elements of the suggestions we’ve received over the years of what Sam and Dean’s semi-retirement would look.
With obvious disappointment, Dean rolls his eyes and lowers the flamethrower off his shoulder and back into the trunk. He opts for the usual spray cans and lighters, stuffing them into his rug sack.
“No bodies or parts of bodies ever recovered. No sightings, like the thing killing people is an expert hunter.”
Sam prompts Dean with the minimal amount of teasing. “You mean that job application you’ve been riding around with folded up in your back pocket?” Dean doesn’t quite know what to say, so Sam continues, “Dean. This is a
“You’re here about those that have gone missing.” The ranger surmises, picking up the sudden slack in conversation.
Reluctantly letting go of his new best friend and rising to his feet, Sam brushes his hands together and clears his own throat. “I’ve, ah, got something for you, too. I mean, I was saving it for your birthday. But I think now’s better.”
For Sam’s character arc to really feel complete, the finale needed to show us that Sam could also have meaningful, lasting relationships with people other than his brother; that he was out from under the shadow of his father and his destiny as Lucifer’s vessel / moved past his feeling of victimization; that he could escape or redesign the more violent aspects of hunting, something that Sam in earlier seasons had strong feelings about; and that Sam had come into his own power as a Men of Letters, a magic user, and could employ his leadership skills to help people in whatever way he chose. Lastly, something that both Dean and Sam needed to have happen was for Sam to vocalize his willingness to let Dean lead his own life. And not mourn, but rather celebrate, how that allowed them both to grow as people and potentially grow closer as brothers.
Claire takes a moment to think about it, hands stuffed into the pockets of her leather coat, managing to look both badass and incredibly fragile. Dean’s letting his softer side show, and Claire is willing to be vulnerable if he is.
Castiel in what will clearly be his room in the bunker from now on. The photo of the Winchesters and himself, Bobby and the Harvelles on the eve of the Apocalypse. The mixed tape from Dean. A small book of poetry, with a note taped to the cover that reads “For Clarence.” His room, his place in the world.
Sam and Garth, Meg and Benny sitting around together in a therapy circle, talking, sharing. Ben helping a family put a ghost gently to rest. Meg hunting demons, trapping the demon in a dark, abandoned barn. Working an exorcism, helping the person up afterwards, letting them lean on her as they stumble out into the daylight together. Sam and Rowena working a spell, Sam reading off the incantation and Rowena offering advice, as braided wisps of flame rise up from their conjuring bowl.
In a very human gesture, Cas licks his lips and tries to hold back a smile. “I asked myself, who knows best when it comes to getting a bunch of stubborn jackasses who don’t know any better to grow up and work together?” He points past the Winchesters. Sam and Dean follow his gaze, and see the scuffed-up old hat resting on top of the desk.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees. “Yeah.” Then he smiles, and reaches up to adjust the rearview mirror. He turns the key in the ignition, and grins at his brother as the engine roars to life. “But we got a lot of miles left in us.”
Sam turning his bedroom into an office space, moving out the bed and dresser, moving in shelves and filing cabinets, a multiple-screen computer setup and better lighting. And the table from the library, with the boy’s and Mary’s initials carved in it. When everything is in place, he stands in the center of the room, hands on hips, and looks around, pleased. Dean adding touches to the Fortress of Deanitude. A foosball table, a karaoke machine, a dart board, a gaming console. He hangs an iron-wrought sign that reads The Black Spur over by the bar. And then he opens the door, and invites all his friends and family inside.
Throughout the series, this philosophical debate ebbs and flows in favor of those we might otherwise deem “monsters”, and is often dependent on whether the Winchesters know the “monster” personally. By mid-season 12 and into 13, there was a definite return to the definition of monsters from the earliest seasons, specifically if someone wasn’t human, they deserved to be hunted and killed, regardless of their actions. Sam and Dean had so clearly grown beyond that moral narrow-mindedness, and their moral community was both more inclusive and more permeable: by the end of the series, they counted among their friends and extended family a fallen angel, a reformed witch, a cured demon, an abstaining vampire, and above all, Lucifer’s own son. There was a definite, indirectly addressed shift from monsters being things to being people, at least on an individual level.
Chuck’s return. The Empty. Becky and all the others disappearing at a snap of Chuck’s fingers. Billie declaring the Winchesters the messengers of God’s destruction. The words The End being stamped out on a typewriter. Castiel being consumed into the Empty. Chuck beating on the Winchesters, the boys refusing to stay down. Jack absorbing all of Chuck’s power, becoming the new god of all creation. The boys in the bunker, making a toast to all those they’ve lost along the way. The Impala, driving away down that long, lonely road.
“And her dreams?” Sam asks, remembering being young with powers he neither could control nor fully understand.
“Becky, he’d been controlling our whole lives. Everything that has ever happened to us. I mean,” Sam laughs, primarily as a means of keeping it together. “When you think about it, it’s kinda hard to know if anything we did was real. Or mattered. Or, if we ever had anything like free will. Now – now we do.”
In a board room with a city skyline visible through the floor-to-ceiling windows, Crowley slides a dossier of paperwork to a number of suited gentlemen and women. One is a contract, to sell the moon for a fairly large sum. Deals are made, hands shaken. The financial stability of their little organization is secured.
I chose the “Monster of the Week” for the finale to be a wendigo for this very reason. Wendigos, according to spn lore, are humans who have killed and consumed other humans out of perceived desperation. They have enacted violence, and in doing so, reduced their own humanity. They dehumanize themselves through the act of violence to such an extent that eventually they are no longer themselves physically human. And it felt right to have the supposed wendigo of this fic be a former hunter like the Winchesters not only because hunters enact violence, but also because wendigos are described as being “the perfect hunter” according to Winchester lore. And in much the same way that a hunter would see potential supernatural threats everywhere, those conditioned by violence see violent responses as the only viable option on all occasions. Hammer – nail.
While Sam huffs and smiles, Dean looks he doesn’t know what to do with himself. He puts his hands on his hips, opens his mouth. Closes it again. Half raises his arms in a shrug, before letting them drop to his sides.
Looks back to his brother with tears in his eyes. “Nah, Sammy. It was you, keeping me alive this whole time.” A single tear slips down his cheek, and Dean doesn’t bother to brush it away. “You gave me a reason to keep fighting.”
“Yeah, just for old time’s sake, I guess.” Dean brushes his fingers down the page, over the lines their father wrote so many years ago. For so long, this book was their guide. Simpler times. Simpler times that in many ways are here again. Only now, it’s just Sam and Dean. “Don’t know why. Nostalgia, I guess. At this point, you and I know more and have
The Impala rumbles up to the house in Conway Springs, Kansas. Dean gets out, leans back against the car. Young hunters Krissy, Aiden and Josephine, looking all grown up, come down the porch stairs to see the older hunter parked outside their home. Dean smiles, waves. A new generation, coming of age in a world with a brighter future. Sam fast asleep with his head on a pile of lore books at the library table. Eileen comes around and softly brushes her hand along his arm, leaves a cup of coffee on the table in front of him. Claire introducing Dean to an all-grown-up Ben Braedon. There is pride in Dean’s eyes, and hesitation. Ben looks at the man in front of him, and slowly, recognition dawns. He smiles in surprise, and Dean, relieved, smiles back. Cas in the back of the library, looking through the bunker telescope, seeing all the universes restored. A grin cracks across his face.
With a flap of his old pea coat and a dip of his flatcap, Benny strides into the bunker. Dean gives him a hug, Sam shakes his hand. With a wave of his arm, Dean begins a tour of the newly renovated bunker, offers a beer.
made Dean whole, by revealing to Dean the elder Winchester’s own truth: Dean’s choices and actions as the embodiment of love. In 15x18, Cas insists to Dean that the hunter is not, at his core, a blunt instrument of death, a bringer of destructing and suffering for those he loves and himself. Rather, he is the embodiment of all that is good, however broken, in the world. Dean himself claims this truth when he tells Chuck in 15x19 that he’s not the killer the author has always attempt to write him as.
“Cas, man – ” Dean swallows, looks for words. “It’s good to see you. It is. I’m glad you’re not in the Empty or angelic Hell or whatever. But you
Dean helping a pair of young hunters on a case, showing them the ropes, watching their backs. Eileen in a motel room, signing over a video call to Sam, who is at the bunker. Alex smiling as she patches up Claire, who sees her found sister grinning knowingly at her, and smiles awkwardly back. Not all families get along all the time, but its making the effort that matters. Cas and Meg in the bunker kitchen, kicking back, sharing a pizza and laughter after a case.
him. Who showed him what it was to be compassionate and brave, to think for himself. To look at other people and see individuals deserving of respect, even if he didn’t know them personally.” Cas’ gaze is exceptionally tender. “He had you.” Cas looks up at Sam. “And you, Sam. And the light you both carry inside you, carried even through all the darkness you’ve been through in your own lives.”
Dean is in the driver’s seat, Sam beside him. The dog is curled in the back, dozing. It’s quiet, just the roar of the engine, the rush of the road. The boys staring ahead, out into the dark. They have gone on a drive together just like this one countless times. And there are countless more that lay ahead of them.
know what that’s like. What it’s like to only be able to talk with other hunters, people like Jody or Bobby, people who might understand. And even then, there are things that are just too difficult, too personal to talk about even with those they trust or care about.
victims. And that lack of alternatives spawns from a general ignorance about the existence of the supernatural.
Dean bites his lower lip before huffing out a slight laugh, looks down, nods. He’s clearly taken by emotion again, and this time trying to hide it.
Ah, the Supernatural fandom. I can remember when the first episode with Becky Rosen aired, and at least half the fandom was giddy from being represented, and the other half was enraged by what that representation – well, represented.
Dean and Sam and Eileen and Cas in the kitchen. Cooking together, preparing a meal, laughing. Sam dabs butter on the end of Eileen’s nose. Dean in an apron, lifts a heavily laden plate high as Cas ducks underneath to pass by him and grab something. The four of them sitting down to eat, clinking their glasses together.
Dean looks up from something he’s working on and sees Crowley sauntering into the library. The former demon has his hands stuffed into his overcoat, a smug look on his face, raises a brow at the hunter. Dean laughs, strides towards him, pulls Crowley into a hug. Pounds him on the back. Crowley looks relieved, amused. He laughs and returns the hug.
“Okay, floor 3. Room number…” He and Sam walk up to the third floor and then all the way down the exposed hallway to the last door at the end. “Room number 27. And here we are.”
“Hey,” Sam counters gently, “we all have our own ways of helping.” Claire squeezes out a smile of acknowledgement. Pacifism in any form just isn’t her thing.
Dean nods to himself, then looks to Cas. “So, ah, you’re saying the world still needs hunters, then.”
“For now, the angels are helping with Jack’s plans. Well – ” This time, Cas does roll his eyes. “ – except Gabriel, of course. He’s off in Boca Raton.” Cas shakes off his exasperation at his older, wayward brother. “But there were those that are happy to have a purpose again. And there were those that chose to end. When all of this is over, the work complete?” Cas raising his trench coated arms again in a slight shrug. “Then we will all be free to do as we choose. To stay and care for the remaining souls until they too fade into the ether. Or to explore and enjoy and live in the world we helped to create. It is our choice.”
Charlie on her back up under a console, pulling apart old wiring. The map room begins to change, as new technology replaces the old. Switchboards are replaced with computer screens, large modems, sleek interfacing. The map with its plastic circles is replaced with a conference table. Slim data banks replace the obsolete dials and gauges, the ham radio and the analog tape recorder and all the, outdated, inoperable machinery. The walls are now lined with high-resolution flat screens displaying news story alerts and mapping active cases.  Charlie stands looking around at it all, brushing hair back from her face, clearly proud of herself.
Castiel is waiting there for him, a short distance away. Dressed in his familiar trench coat, smiling that soft, slightly crooked grin of his.
Sam coming back from a jog, running up the road to the bunker. He sees a familiar figure waiting by the door. It’s Meg, dressed in her usual black, sleek attire, hair its dark brown shade. Hands stuffed in pockets, eyebrow raised, smirk already untwisting into a real grin. Sam huffs into the cold air, smiles.
Sam and Eileen snuggled up together on the couch. Dean sitting out on a dock by a lake. Cas comes to join him, the two sitting side by side, shoulder to shoulder. Dean reaches over, and takes Cas’ hand.
Padding into the library alongside Dean is a dog. Tongue-lolling, bright-eyed, as happy to see Sam as the hunter is to see him. He walks right up to him, like this was always meant to be, and the dog was just patiently waiting for the Winchester to be ready for him to come into his life.
“Dean,” Cas says his name softly, cautiously. He searches for the right words, and finds only his own insufficient ones. “About – about what I said. Before the Empty took me – ”
“Well. After I was brought back from – from wherever Chuck sent me and everyone else, I realized that I could be doing more.”
Dean nods. “Sounds like a wendigo to me, especially up in these parts.” He reaches into the rug sack at his feet and pulls out John Winchester’s journal. Lays it gently on the table and flips through the pages until he comes to the by-now-familiar sketch of a wendigo.
In Dean’s face is every possible human emotion. He’s angry and he’s exuberant. He is relieved and hurt and desperate. Cas sees the war of emotions on Dean’s face. There is such softness and reminiscence in his own expression.
In the parking lot of Edlund’s Eats, the boys make their way over to the Impala, clearly contemplating everything the day and this case has presented them with. It’s a lot to think about.
“Morning. I’m Agent Kripke. This is Agent Singer. We’re with the FBI.” Before Dean can launch into his inquiry, the ranger gives the two the side-eye.
“We both have,” Sam insists in reply. Dean nods, steps back. Sam watches his brother closely, then adds. “Speaking of which, you remember we’re meeting Jody and Claire for lunch in a little while, right? They’re passing through, on the way back from that hunt in Santa Fe.”
In a house somewhere, Claire fights off a monster, while Kaia helps the family escape. Charlie lightning fast responding to an alert on the wide screens in the control room. Garth working with a group of vampires to get supplies from a blood bank. Rowena using her powers to help break a family curse. Meg and Castiel, fighting back to back against a whirling black cloud of demonic smoke. She glances over her shoulder at him, winks. Cas grins, and as one, they charge into the fray.
Dean is not the small-business-owner type, and he’s definitely not the employee type, so I can only imagine him spending a couple of hours here and there at the local mechanic’s. Though there is no doubt he would be well liked by coworkers and customers. But Dean, even as he mellows out in middle age, isn’t one for authority or being tied down. He’s had enough responsibility for multiple lifetimes. The specialized mechanics shop I imagined for him isn’t Dean caving into the American Dream of being his own boss at a small business – it’s more like a lot of the shops one finds in southern Europe and New England in America:
Sam chuckles. “Okay, yeah. But – ” He shakes his head, and adds only half-jokingly. “Becky, what are
“Yeah,” Dean adds, scrolling through articles. “That’s what I’m showing, too. Missing persons reporting began in earnest in the ‘80s. Most of the cases are from twenty years ago. Then nothing until it started up again in the last few months.”
Dean slamming up against the exterior of an industrial building in the dark, ushering over a young hunter with a wave of his hand. The young man scurries over, peers at the lock on the door. Dean keeps a look-out and gives instructions as the hunter-in-training learns lock picking skills on the job.
As the boys head over to the stairs leading up and out of the bunker, young Elliot runs over to them, with a tablet in hand, open to an active case file. “Hey, Sam, sorry. Can you just approve this real quick?”
just because they didn’t look like me. You wanna explain what sort of sense that makes? Or people turned into monsters. People made into vampires, into werewolves, even rugarus, and still trying to live good lives. At what point,” he asks the Winchesters, “do we decide who deserves to be killed and who deserves to be saved? At what point is someone so far gone into that dark place, that they’re not worth the effort it would take to make them people again? I don’t have an answer. But I do know this: we can’t just define humanity by someone being human.”
you – from the bottom of my heart – what you did, what you do, and what you will choose to do in the future,
Sam motions for the dog – and Dean – to stay, and backs out of the library. While he’s gone, Dean bends down, and makes his own offering of pets. “You know, you’re gonna love it here,” he promises the dog. “Plenty of car rides. Plenty of people to love on you and take you on walks. But I do gotta warn you – ” he adds, “Don’t bother trying to get any bacon outta Sam. My brother can out puppy dog eyes even something as cute as you. But don’t worry, I’ll hook you up.” The dog gives Dean a few tongue licks on the nose, which Dean does his best not to look too disgusted by. “Yeah, yeah, you’re welcome.”
The Impala pulls into the parking lot of a three-story, log cabin-style motel with a sign for the Kerouac Restaurant and Lodge. “Canada,” Dean says, climbing out of the car and taking a look around. “Still as green and as mapley as I remember it.”
– I don’t regret writing this version of the culmination of Cas’ character arc. Because he essentially leads a rebellion, this time intentionally, with all the angels and demons. He’s claiming his free will, he’s embracing what is supposedly a flaw – that crack in his chassis – that makes him capable of bettering himself and the world, and he
The interior is busy, with the clatter of plates and a line of locals down the counter and calls of “one order of the lunch special.” Local fliers, artwork of the area and wildlife, and posters advertising menu items crowd the walls. Near the booth where the Winchesters and Becky sit is a sign cheerfully advertising a “Pig N’ A Poke” on the menu, though neither of the boys notice it. The diner is clearly a favorite place to eat in the area.
Claire and Jody exchange looks, the elder hunter looking a little exhausted at the thought, the younger one not showing much enthusiasm either.
“That’s where I’ve been,” he clarifies, “Helping him change things. It’s been only a few months for you, but it’s been…” He smiles apologetically, “some time for me. There’s been a lot to do. I would have answered you if I could have, Dean. But remaking reality. It takes a lot of focus, a great deal of intention.”
Around an impressive mouthful, Dean says “Well, then we’re taking the case. We can set out this afternoon, get there in a couple a’ days. Whatdaya say, Sammy?”
“There was suspicion, about twenty years ago,” the ranger continued, “about people going missing. There were some that figured him for it. Accusations were made. Nothing came of it. People stopped disappearing, for the most part. Haven’t heard much from or about him since. Now, the disappearances have started again.”
(or boys, or adult men and women, or non-binary, or whatever the fuck we are, because we’re – again –
The only thing I couldn’t squeeze in was something like in response to a pop culture reference Dean makes, Cas brandishing a commiserating smile and telling Dean “I understand that reference.” Which I deeply regret. The best I could come up with was Cas making his own casual, apt reference with that line about Obi-wan Kenobi.
, psychologist Justine Mastin in her essay “Going through Hell: How Torture Affects the Tormentor and the Tormented”, and Doctor Stephan Schaffrath in his essay “Crossroads and a River of Crap: How Killing Affects Those Who Kill,” discuss the dehumanizing effects of violence on those both subjected to it and – like hunters – those who inflict it on others. One of the aspects of desensitizing and conditioning that occurs is the inability to conceive of alternatives to violence, better known as the phrase “when all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.” (And yes, there is a lot that can be said here about Dean’s death via rusty nail in the canon finale. Daddy’s blunt instrument, etc etc.) Having been conditioned to consider violence the first and foremost response to any situation, individuals exposed to long-term and intense violence as perpetrators of that violence are often incapable of conceiving of or enacting non-violent solutions to problems. (And
“Too many,” Dean says with a smile. “Yeah, I know this old girl inside and out.” He reaches up, brushes the top of the dash, looking fondly over his Baby. “Wherever life takes us after this, she’ll carry us the rest of the way.”
And there’s little things that I loved working in: Dean’s photo of Mary and her little boys, Cas’ love of PB&J sandwiches, the application seen on Dean’s desk in the canonical finale. The demon blade. Gas N’ Sips, Metallica, Eye of the Tiger. Room #327 – for the final episode, and because the show often used numbers as reference. Moose and Squirrel – because how could I not? Dean’s love of porn, of horror movies, of hentai. John Winchester’s journal. Dean wanting to bring the flamethrower. Sam’s shoe. You have no idea how hard I worked to get Sam’s shoe in there. Sam freakin’ Winchester. Dean and his relationship with lamps. Pig N’ Poke.
“Good or bad, people need to be able to share their experiences with others. They need to feel like they’re not alone. And that’s just
Because Becky’s original incarnation was as the silly, overly emotion, obsessed fangirl. Not even fan – fan
Teasingly, Sam says, “So, are we sure there isn’t some next big apocalypse just waiting around the corner?”
The boys are almost out the door before the ranger calls after them. “It’s a pity,” the old man says. Sam and Dean stop in the doorway and turn back to him, wondering. “Becoming so mired in violence that you lose yourself. I’m told that’s the life, what it is you boys do.”
“Yeah, I, uh – ” Sam looks down, amused and embarrassed. “You know, when we started out, all of those years ago.” He scrunches his brow, thinking back on it. “Looking for Dad. I thought I’d put all of this behind me. But somewhere along the way, I didn’t just keep going, keep hunting, because everything kept happening to us. Or because we’re legacies, or because it was the right thing to do.” Sam thinks about it for a moment, nods, looks to his brother. “It was because I could see that there was a way to do this that was different. Better. Our way, rather than – rather than the old way. That’s worth fighting for. And, we’re not alone. We’re not
Dean working at the mechanic shop in Lebanon. Making friends with his coworkers, working on cars, chatting with customers. Sitting down to lunch at a park bench and eating a sandwich out of his Scooby Doo lunchbox. Donna, Charlie and Rowena having a girl’s night, drinking wine, chatting and eating deliciously decorated cupcakes.
Both Sam and Dean turn surprised, inquiring eyes on the former fangirl. She looks a little uncomfortable, somewhat called out.
“Dude! Yeees!” Dean’s good humor is now fully recovered. “At that new pie place in town, right? I’m gonna grab my coat.”
Down the road-that-isn’t-a-road, a cabin appears at the end of the tree line. It looks to be the typical, out-of-the-way log cabin, with a stovetop pipe and moss growing over the eaves. It seems still, but there is a light on somewhere inside.
Look, I know there are very few narratives out there – whatever medium – that manage to fill in all their plot holes before the end of the narrative. But in spn, there were some gapping ones. Not plot holes in which someone might accidently twist their ankle. Plot holes that could swallow a school bus. Plot holes into which you could shovel all the meta narratives and references and guest stars and a weird final scene of the entire cast and crew waving at the camera, and all the audience would be left with is wondering why you even bothered to attempt to shovel in anything, it didn’t do a damn bit of good.
“So,” Sam asks after a moment, easier, “What about Hell, then? Those souls, those trapped there, they were mostly used up to remake the way the world works?”
“Didn’t take me very long to find the right dark corner to be looking in. Only it wasn’t a wendigo, or any other supernatural monster snacking on folks. The monsters I was hunting were human. Local cops. Truckers, passing through. Loggers and rig workers, those that live out in temporary camps near tribal lands, scraping the earth raw and the moving on. Nothing new – it’d been going on long before I showed up. Happens in places all over this country, down in yours too. But my asking questions made people in the area uneasy. Made them feel – ” Dave chews at his bottom lip under his beard. “ – complacent, maybe.”
Sam blinks, hard. He looks around them for a moment, concerned, while Dean gives Becky a look that holds a lot more respect than it did a few minutes before.
“You might be right, this place may not be all that bad,” Dean calls from over by the tv. He waves the pay-per-view guide. “They’ve got a horror movie channel, a porn channel,
at all. They’re a natural part of the world. Ghosts and vampires and wendigos. Not everything in the world can get along.”
“So,” he says, allowing the moment and the emotions to balance themselves out. “That’s really it, then. No more – no more divine destinies. No more predetermined fate. No Heaven or Hell. Everything is just – whatever we make it?” When Cas nods, Dean shakes his head, looking intensely pleased. “Hell yeah,” he says. “If that isn’t free will – for us, for everybody – I don’t know what is.”
“Hello, no.” Dean replies, now also smiling. “And watch you who you’re calling old,” he warns jokingly. “And along those lines, you might think about cutting your hair, if you want people to take you and what you’re building seriously.”
within the text was a mockery by the showrunners of their product – "look how lame our show is, it barely has any fans, haha." But the mockery of the fans themselves, in the character of Becky, felt targeted and cruel. That Becky then drugs, brainwashes and attempts to have Sam all to herself was one more black mark against her. Are there fans out there like Becky from earlier seasons? Absolutely. Is there anything wrong with being that sort of fan? Absolutely not. (Assuming you do not harass, harm, invade the privacy of, etc, the actors.) Becky gets something of a character arc in the later seasons in which we see her having “matured,” in that she has a house, a husband, children, and a business. (Very stereotypical of all the things modern society assures "good girls" want and supposedly will make them whole, normal, balanced, successful and happy people.) She appears calmer, more confident in herself and, let’s not forget, less emotional.
Sam shuts his laptop, follows his brother to his feet. “Yeah, sounds good. In the meantime, wanna go grab a beer? Or a-a Molsen, or whatever?”
After a moment, he adds, “You might want to think about your own future, before you end up the same.”
As the music begins to fade, Sam and Dean kick back in the library, wondering at and admiring what they have accomplished. The “then” of their story and their lives is over. The “now” is nearly at an end. What lies before them now is the road ahead.
Dean isn’t having any of it. The anger is melting into hurt and confusion, but there’s relief there, too. It’s just painful, in this moment. “Damn it, Cas,” Dean breaths. He’s two steps from the angel now. The two stand in the parking lot, facing one another. The battered hunter in his jeans and flannel, the fallen angel in his rumpled trench coat. Older and wiser and more vulnerable than they’ve ever been before. “I prayed to you, man!” Dean’s voice catches. “And you couldn’t answer me? Not once?!”
The Road Ahead was written for the SPN Coldest Hits December 2020 challenge. Originally, the theme for this challenge had been to write a fic about what you thought happened next, after the series finale. That theme had been chosen because we believed –
At the new computer banks, Kevin is digitalizing their resources, creating a database. Book after book is registered as scanned and available for viewing. Charlie at a newly installed console, hacking into police and government files, setting news alerts, writing encryption and code. Eileen chatting on forums, connecting with other hunters, directing people in need of assistance or resources, listening to all the people calling out to each other through the dark. Standing around the new conference table together, Dean, Charlie, and Crowley in more casual clothes point out and discuss options for designing their network, providing access to their resources, assigning cases and tracking contacts, maintaining open case files. Digital blue lines stretch out from Kansas, making contact with points all over the country and beyond its borders, a community coming to life.
“New generation, same problems.” Cherng replies. “Folks didn’t deal with it, not back then, and not now. Dealing with it means facing up to something being broken at its core. And something being broken needs to be reckoned with, the hard work of healing done, or admit that there’s nothing left worth saving. Instead, they’d rather leave it in those dark corners. Some people here are more than happy to blame all of this on local legends, on monsters and wendigos. But this isn’t something supernatural. This is something worse. It’s people.”
Sam huffs good-naturedly, ducks his head at the brotherly teasing. “She’s, uh, she’s good. We’re good. We’re making plans to see each other again this weekend. Maybe, I don’t know…” He pauses, looks at Dean with a little apprehension. “I thought, maybe, if you were okay with it. She and I could work a case or two together.”
Other fans have made reference to or suggested spn might have been better off borrowing from the concept of the afterlife explored at the end of the television show The Good Place. Unfortunately, in my opinion that structure doesn’t fit the aesthetic or philosophical framework of spn. But something did need to be done about all of that – otherwise, seriously, what was Jack doing other than carrying on where Chuck had left off? (There are some really interesting fan ideas out there about Chuck actually possessing Jack at the end of 15x19, unknown to everyone else, and that’s why a lot of stuff stays the way it is in the afterlife and the boys continue on living – and dying – the way Chuck wanted. A terrifying thought.)
“Yeah, like that time with the grenade launcher? Or the ninja stars?” Sam reminds him. He motions towards the length of road they still have to walk. “You gonna carry it the rest of the way?”
Sam is only half listening. He’s still crouched down, busy partaking in sloppy kisses, before pulling the dog up against his chest and giving him a rather emotional hug. The dog nuzzles him back.
“So,” Dean replies, “I don’t see why the hell not. Changing the world, from the ground up? Sounds a hell of a lot harder than all of the ways you and I have tried to do it. Apocalypses. Trying to – to rewrite all the rules, have a say in who rules Hell, who manages Heaven, who’s
need to process the failure of the canon to account for Destiel is a continuing slowburn, with more time for the characters to work through their feelings, their fears, and find closure in their own time and at their own pace. This is, ultimately, my fic. Making that my right as the author. If you’re looking for a fic that fulfills
That being said, Wayward deserved their moment. The potential spin-off, the characters, and the young women who see themselves in Claire and Kaia and Alex and Patience, and women who see themselves in Jody and Donna, deserve to be represented, in spn and everywhere else. They deserve to hold their share of power. Is the representation of that in this fic perfect? No. But to be completely fair, this is the best I could model out of what the text had left us with.
Poor Castiel. Like all the characters – Dean, Sam, Charlie, Crowley – he deserved so much better than what he got in the series finale. For Cas to have fulfilled his character arc, he needed to be able to choose his own place in the world; to feel as though he served a purpose that was meaningful to him; and to be told that he belonged and was wanted, and not just because of his powers.
“Bitch,” Dean replies, with a sly grin. Then he reaches down and turns the dial himself. “Carry On” by Kansas kicks into its first chords. Dean’s face absolutely lights up. He laughs, and drums on the steering wheel. “Hell, yeah! Love this song!”
in the text? That’s why I felt it necessary to not only write Becky (still emotional, because that's who she is as a person, thank you), but also the Supernatural fandom into this fix-it finale.
need in regards to Destiel, I am sure there are plenty of other fics out there that will provide that closure. And I hope you find it, as I found mine.
Sam puts his gun back in his inner holster, looks down at the busted door, at mess made by their fight. Curiously, looks down at his feet.
He’s pulling out a professional-looking flamethrower, complete with a propane cylinder that straps to the back and a nozzle that ends with a catch, when Sam joins him. “Dude,” Sam admonishes.
!” Becky shouts, sounding surprisingly firm. “All three of you! Sam – ” she looks to her one-time knight-in-plaited-flannel, who still has his weapon trained on the other man. She takes a deep breath and lets it out in utter frustration. “
Dean rises to his full height as Sam comes bounding back into the library, with a very nice looking fishing rod in hand.
Outside the shop, as the four are bidding their goodbyes in the parking lot, Dean finds a moment to speak with Claire privately.
One of the aspects it was particularly important to me to work into the boy’s final chapter is the how the Winchester’s understanding of monsters and morality changed over the series. In
The room isn’t entirely the same as Bobby’s, but it’s very close. A fond memory, carefully constructed.
As “Carry On” hits the final guitar riff, Sam and Dean continue the family business. Hunting ghosts and monsters and witches. And helping people. Reuniting families. Working cases. Sam and Dean Winchester, side by side. Together, driving the Impala down the road ahead, the last chorus of “Carry On” swallowed by the roar of Baby’s engine.
“He proposed – and we agreed – that while the souls in Hell were to become energy, those already perverted into demons were to be offered a choice. They were, after all, a part of Chuck’s whole mess up with Amara and Lucifer and all the rest of it. Like angels, demons are no longer needed, and – ” Cas quirks an eyebrow “ – even less wanted. So they were allowed to choose to either end and become energy to be used in the world, or continue to exist as dark spirits, tormenters of humankind, birthed from humanity’s own innate evil. Things to be hunted, as well as learned from. With, of course, a few exceptions. Crowley, regrettably,” Cas shakes his head again, looking utterly exasperated, “among them.”
Sam and Kevin are reviewing something on a tablet when Dean wanders up, looking like he doesn’t want to interrupt, but also in need of a moment of his brother’s time. Sam sees him, nods, passes the tablet back to Kevin and lets Dean pull him away.
Charlie comes bounding down the bunker stairs. She and Dean pull each other into eager hugs, Dean’s face as he pulls her in showing how desperately grateful he is to have her back.
“Wendigo,” Claire says around a mouthful of sweet potato pie. “At least that’s what Ben thinks it could be, from what he’s come across. He’s texting me the info and links to all the articles. Some place near Vancouver, called Lone Butte.”
of preempting or responding to most – if not all – of the supernatural situations that hunters encounter to in the canon. Their response requires violence only because no other measures have been put in place to respond to the situation, and things have escalated to a point where the termination of the threat – death of the monster – is the only immediate response possible to protect the lives of other innocents. In spn, this does not take into account that in some cases, the monsters are
Dean looks to be exceptionally grateful that that is the moment Josie returns with his order of pie.
In the canon, the show includes expressions of Dean’s grief: drinking to excess, a willingness to capitulate to death, signals of denial or repression in his reluctance to talk about Castiel or Jack. But that is just another example of the termination and regression of a 15 year character arc and growth on Dean’s part.
“You apply for that job yet?” Sam asks after a while. “Or you still just ‘volunteering’ your time there?”
“So, ah – “ He sniffs, lets the emotion in the car settle. “You’re not worried about us, you know, living separate lives?”
He’s only gone a few minutes. But Dean is already fast asleep when Sam returns, on top of the plaid covers, still fully dressed and with his boots on. Sam laughs quietly to himself. He sits across from his brother on the other bed, watches him sleep for a moment. Then quietly pulls off his own boots, one by one, and lays down. Just before he turns out the light, Sam looks again at his brother, and smiles.
Castiel looks between the two Winchester brothers, smiling slightly. The three of them, gathered together in that circle in Bobby’s house, reunited and victorious and free. They look to one another, smiling, just being in and sharing in the moment. There are still responsibilities they shoulder, causes they have bound themselves to, and people who need them. But they are welcome responsibilities, causes that matter, and people who give in return. Sam pats his brother on the shoulder, Dean shakes his head, laughing.
“Other than this bundle of trouble?” Jody playfully elbows Claire in the booth, who just rolls her eyes in response. “They’re all doing well. Patience graduated back in May. We’re still trying to find someone who can help train her to use or at least better control her visions. Alex is putting in a lot of hours at the hospital. I, uh,” Jody looks between the Winchesters. “I found her looking through some of the lore I had on hand the other day.”
But – that’s not the Supernatural fandom in real life. (Well, it may be for some, but my point is that this is a very narrow interpretation.) Which means Becky does not ultimately represent us. Rather, she represents how
Standing alone in the middle of the room, Cas spreads his hands in a shrug, begins his tale. “Jack’s explosion in the Empty. It woke up all the beings trapped there. Chuck must have designed it so that even in death, angels and demons were never entirely gone, just – just toys trapped in their boxes, just waiting for him to pull them back out to continue playing with.”
– to fill the final episode with references and callbacks and remind us of all the things we fell in love with about these boys and their extended family and this show.
“How did you get out?” Sam asks, somewhat calmer than his brother. “We’ve been looking, and I haven’t been able to find anything. Did Jack bust you?”
Dinner at Jody’s house, with Donna and all the girls around the table. Dean leaning against the Impala and sharing a beer with Ben. A birthday party for one of the Wayward Sisters, with everyone invited. Sam and Dean at Kevin’s graduation from college, shouting and applauding along with a teary-eyed, beaming Linda Tran. A disconcerted Benny being lowered into Garth’s dentist chair. Eileen crouching down, speaking softly to a cryptid, attempting to earn their trust and deescalate a situation. Crowley manipulating the screens in the control room to send resources and a respond team to a family in need. Dean, Claire, Jody and others at a hunter’s funeral, stalwart.
Dean is listening. His emotions are forgotten. Sam looks like he’s bearing the weight of that experience right along with the angel.
“We call it the demon blade. It’s the only known one in existence. You can kill demons with it.” When Claire looks up at him, surprised, Dean nods. “It’s the real deal. ‘Course, there haven’t been any sightings of demons for a while. Not any that I’ve heard about, anyway. But you? Being out here, hunting? You’re going to face some nasty stuff. And I know – ” he adds, before she can interject, “that you’re more than capable of handling it. I know there’s gonna be a day when the name Claire Novak makes monsters shudder in their skin. But you don’t live long enough to see something like that,” Dean instructs her, “without being careful. Being safe.”
In the cabin, Sam and Dean are helping put the room back in order, as best as they can. Sam leans the door up against the wall next to the now-open entranceway. Their quarry-turned-host flips the toppled breakfast table back over. Dean rights a side table and places a – busted – lamp on top. Seeing it’s not working, he fiddles with it for a moment. Becky watches over the proceedings, arms crossed, lips pulsed in disapproval. Dean screws the bulb back in and – voila – the lamp lights up. Dean laughs at his small success, hands held up in accomplishment. He looks up, smiling, at Becky for her approval. “Heh? Right? All fixed. Everybody happy now?”
things? Or someone who lost their spouse or child to a monster? To demon possession? How are they supposed to emotionally process something they’re not even allowed to
“Until then, we are fortunate to be led by someone with more vision, resolve and – ” Cas makes a self-deprecating face “ – more patience than I could ever muster.” He grins at Dean, tilts his head in a wink-wink nod. “A real Obi-wan Kenobi sort.”
Claire holds the knife balanced between her hands, running her thumb over the spellwork along the blade. “What is it?”
I’ve been reading a lot of fanfiction and seen a lot of fanart with fix-it narratives that involved Dean rescuing Cas from the Empty. And I love the symmetry of this. I love the idea of Dean saving Cas from the Empty just as Cas saved Dean from Hell all those years ago. And it fulfills one of my requirements for Cas in the finale – he is told, in no uncertain terms, that he is wanted and belongs. Even more so in the fics and fanart where Dean removes Cas’ grace, so the Emtpy cannot hold claim over him – Cas being wanted regardless of his powers. And it was incredibly strange that Dean in canon made absolutely no effort to attempt to rescue Cas.
run one of the major networking hubs, an online discussion group, and chair the main development committee. When all this started, we only met on Tuesdays. But there are just – just
“Thanks. Oh, hey wait!” Elliot pulls the neck of his shirt to the side, revealing a fresh anti-possession tattoo, the skin around it still a little pink and healing. “I finally was able to get it!”
“Maybe there is, I don’t know.” Jody replies. “None of us do, after all. Maybe with magic, or modern science, there could be a way. I’ll tell you one thing, though. It could mean a lot less families torn apart, losing someone they love to something that’s beyond their control.”
“So you dealt with the human monsters” Dean says, with an intense empathy for the man in front of him, “the same way you dealt with the supernatural ones.” He doesn’t have to say he understands, or approves. The indication is clear.
The ranger hmms, and shuffles through the maps on the counter. “Came up here years ago. Distrustful, seeing monsters everywhere and in everyone. Didn’t know him personally myself – not many did. He didn’t seem to trust us – we didn’t trust him. Hard to say whether in the end, he shut all of us out, or the community shut him out. Word around town, in the lodge – he was the sort that couldn’t leave behind him or break free of whatever violence he’d known in his life. There are some that just can’t.”
“Most are,” Cas replies, “But the more recent souls are still in Heaven. Those that are still reliving their best moments. They will fade away naturally, once they’ve experienced what they need to experience. Like your parents.”
Amara and Chuck. The British Men of Letters. Mary’s resurrection. The Wayward Sisters. Eileen. Lucifer’s spawn. The rift. Crowley’s sacrifice. The apocalypse world. Jack, growing up as a Winchester. Michael possessing Dean. Billie. The reunion of the Winchester family. Mary’s death at Jack’s hands.
Over the roof the car, Dean gives his brother a mock serious look. “Sam, the day I’m too old for a double bacon and cheese is the day you light my funeral pyre.”
“Yes. It’s no longer needed. Angels and demons can still die. But when we do, we just – cease. The divine energy that made us – angels and demons – goes back into the world, to create new things, new lives, new worlds. The same with human souls, from now on. Everything is sustainable now, every new soul a part of others that came before it. Everything living on in something worthwhile, be it a honey bee or a thunderstorm or a song that makes someone want to dance or an idea for a story. Everything is eternal, but also at peace.”
“He’s up there ‘busting balls,’ as he likes to put it.” Cas looks between Sam and Dean, clearly very pleased to be serving as messenger. “He told me to tell you – he knew you’d kick it in the ass.”
On the balcony overlooking the bunker, Sam pauses. He looks out over the control room and the library. And rather than seeing an empty bunker and slowly turning out the lights, Sam sees a community. He sees people brought together in a common cause – to help others – all of them hard at work, full of energy, and guided by good intentions. And Sam smiles.
Absolutely necessary dialogue included: “Seriously?”   “So, get this.”   “Oh, come on!”   “Dude.”   “Sonuvabitch!”   “Hello, Dean.”   “Hello, boys.” The boys aren’t just fine – they’re
As the finale episode of Supernatural nears its end, the first cords of “Suit And Jacket” by Judah And The Lion begin to play, set to a montage of reunion and family.
“No,” Dean replies, confident, at peace. “No, I’m not. And you know why?” Glances over at his brother. “Because we will always be there for each other. I will always have your back. And I know you’ll have mine. We saved
“Honestly?” Claire says, “The last few months? It’s been great. I’ve been working cases alongside Jody, and Donna, and occasionally some other hunters. And it’s been good. But,” she shrugs a little, not liking to admit to weakness. “I wouldn’t mind sleeping in my own bed for a few nights, you know?”
“It is good to be back,” Cas says. He turns, glancing into the kitchen, smiling. “These were simpler times. Though it didn’t seem like it then. Here, in this house,” he tells them, “was where I learned humanity, with all its virtues and faults, was something worth fighting for. You taught me that.”
Sam pauses, trots back down the two steps he’s taken. Dean waits halfway up, watching his brother, obviously proud of his brother’s new role.
Sam stretches himself as he unravels from the passenger side. “Honestly? I’m just glad we’re here, whatever the destination. Those last few hours were brutal. I can’t listen to Eye of the Tiger one more time today.”
Dean and Sam in the Impala, the road racing ahead of them. Dean driving and Sam hard at work in the passenger’s seat.
I mean, who knows? If the story isn’t all about us anymore? Maybe it’s time everyone else had a say.”
supernatural. They’ve seen it, or it runs in their family, and no one believes them. Or they’ve lost loved ones to it, and they’ve got no one to talk to about it. I mean, who was I supposed to tell that I had dated a
“I’m sorry,” Cas says softly to the two of them, “that I wasn’t there to help you defeat Chuck in the end. Jack told me, how you withstood him. I never doubted you would. You have your free will, now and forever.”
“From the time I was little, to everything with Lucifer, and everything that came after. I’m here – I’m
“Another car,” Sam calls back. It is a small silver sedan, sitting off to the side of the road, empty. Dean joins his brother and eyes the car. “It hasn’t been here long.”
Dean's face hardened, looking away from Hannah and into the dying coals of fire. "So Castiel is gone. Cain didn't lie."
Dean shook his head again quickly, "If I may be so bold, your highness, but I believe you should take him. He needs you to be there for him, not me."
"Yeah, I did lose a lot of blood, thanks to you. Luckily I have the most powerful cosmic deity supplying all the power and magic I could ever want." He grinned, twirling his fingers around, shooting off little sparks of magic. "And I had adjusted to peasant life, but you," he shook his finger at Cain, "you had to send a message to get my portrait made by Clarence." He grinned again as he walked over to Cain. "My poor little baby, he was screaming for me, and you took him from me. From Dean." Cas grabbed Cain's throat and lifted him in the air. "Henry wouldn't have had to take the throne. You could've overlooked his lineage. For me, Cain. You said all you wanted was to make me happy. Do I seem happy to you?"
Cas clutched Henry, "give me a few moments with him. Then they may come in." He whispered, eyes locked with his son's.
"Dean, I hate that you came all this way to die on the floor of Amara's castle, but I can't just let you take Cas away from Lady Amara."
Dean pulled his shirt on, avoiding Jo's stare. "I can't believe after all I've done for you and Ellen. You repay me like this?" The guards shoved him forward, ignoring the other man in the room. He walked past the woman, letting the guards take him back to the castle. Jo looked back at the man after Dean had left. Cas adjusted the circlet on his head when Jo looked back at him. His cheeks went red as she realized who he was. He dropped a small purse of gold coins in her hand, "Please. Keep this quiet." He whispered and fled back to the castle.
Cas shuddered as Dean touched his skin. He raced a hand through Dean's hair. "Every time you touch me, I burn, Dean." He pressed two fingers against his lips. He reached his back, pulling Dean's shirt over his head. "I want you, Dean. Only you."
"I was with someone for a little while, but he's gone now." His playfulness faded away as he looked sorrowfully over Cas. "He's probably gone for good." Dean glanced over Cas's face, down his slender neck, over his thin shoulders. He sighed resigned, "You remind me of him. Almost identical it seems as if you're the same person."
Cas sat at his new vanity, a pout settling on his face. “Oh, why can’t you send troops instead of leaving me alone for weeks?” He brushed his hair, grinning at the mirror.
Cas sped his hand up, placing a kiss to the underside of Dean's cock, grinning at the gentle sigh Dean made. As Dean grew harder, Cas cleared his throat before he wrapped his soft pink lips around the head of his cock. He swirled his tongue around the sensitive head, smirking to himself when Dean tangled a hand in Cas's hair. Cas slid down Dean's length, stroking what wasn’t in his mouth with his hands. Dean’s face relaxed as Cas started, brushing his fingers through Cas’s hair. Cas bobbed his head slowly, batting his long eyelashes at Dean with faux innocence. Dean moaned as he watched, holding Cas’s head down. Cas arched against Dean’s hand, pulling off of him. He stroked his Dean’s cock to cover it with saliva. He grinned as Dean gripped the sheets; his cock began to leak precum and Cas leaned down and licked at his slit, grinning wider at the soft growl Dean made.
Dean paused for a moment; on one hand, he didn't like the idea of Cole talking to Cas, but on the other, Cas could easily embarrass the guard. He would also have a good reason to deck the guy if he made Cas uncomfortable. He smirked,"Try the afternoons. He likes to paint or garden during those times. Cain usually has meetings to attend, so Castiel is left in my care." Dean sat on his bunk. "Don't be shocked when he rejects your advance." Dean laughed and watched Cole walk to his bunk. Finally, a silence fell over the barracks, and Dean found himself falling into a dreamless sleep.
Dean locked his jaw and gritted his teeth. "Well, you shouldn't worry yourself with him. Cain would have your head if you touched Cas. Besides, you'd have to go through me before you got to him."
Ellen picked up the coin and frowned when she noticed the shiny metal. No countryman would have a goldpiece. Cas heard her mutter something to Dean, so he hurried his way back to the door. Dean turned to see the flicker of a cape leave the pub. He went after the dark haired man, emerald eyes focused on him as they scuttled through the crowds outside. Cas knew he was being followed. The thundering boots behind him was as clear as if it were only he and that Dean fellow. The crowd parted just a few feet ahead of Cas; he could make it. He charged out of the mass, turning to see why no one else was around the opening. It was a road, and a horse reared up at the sudden person in front of it. Cas held his hands up over his face, eyes squeezed shut.
Cain slowly woke up as Cas grabbed him, finally jolting awake when Cas called his name. He quickly lit a candle and looked to Cas. His face was red and twisted in pain; Cain pressed his hand to Cas's stomach, grinning as he realized what was happening. Cas grabbed his nightshirt and pulled him down. "I swear to god, Cain if you don't go find your physician, I will put you through as much pain as I am in now." Cain rushed out of the room and left Cas alone as he searched for the physician. Cas cried out loudly and clutched his stomach harder. He took a few deep calming breaths and focused his energy on vanishing from the room. He stood through the excruciating pain and appeared down in the barracks. "Dean... dean?" He called out weakly, grabbing an empty bunk's post as another contraction worked over his body.
She smiled. "My birth name was Josie, but in HER new life, I'm Abaddon." She pulled the  collar of her shirt away to show a tattooed 'A' on her neck. "How I got up here isn't important, but you, Castiel, you are very important to HER."
Cas knocked her hands away, "How I feel, how ANYone feels isn't of your concern. Who are you to say pain and grief and loss aren't worthy to be a part of life? Everything grows and everything changes; it's natural to feel Amara!"
Dean and Rowena trekked the week long journey to Elladonton, sharing very little other than food and wine. Neither really wanted to be on the road, but Dean was determined to find a way to get Cas back.
Cole looked up, angry and confused. He frowned and shuffled backwards away from Dean. "Wh-what do you want?" He stuttered.
A pointed grin spread across the man's face as he spoke with a nasally voice, "Well, well, well. The infamous Dean Winchester eating porridge in my humble mess hall. Truly an honor. I never thought I'd get to meet, let alone dine, with Havenshire's most... brilliant rebel." His gaze drifted over Dean's face, a deadness behind his eyes, "I have to say, I'm not very impressed with the man behind the legend. You're much shorter than I thought you'd be."
Cas protested at first, but when met with Amara's stern face, he quietly agreed and left the two alone again. Dean practiced his breathing, and the blackness of his eyes shrunk back to normal, his green eyes slightly duller than before. "What do you have that I want? You've turned the only man I've ever loved against me."
"I saved him from pigs like you, like Cain. You all only wanted him for what he could give you. Every single one of you greedy men used him like a common whore!" She shouted back, "He has be reborn through MY light."
Dean stepped on Cole's groin, "Where is my son?" He picked him up by the scruff of his shirt. "What did you do with the baby?"
"Amara took care of me, Cain. Not once did I feel like a burden to her. She defended me when your lone guard killed a servant of hers. She saved me."
Cas heard the door close behind Cole, henry’s cries echoing down the hall. His fingers and toes went cold as he laid in his own blood. He glanced up at Cain, a weak smile on his face, “I swear to Noctis, if my child is harmed by your men, I’ll bury a blade in your back.” His vision darkened.
Dean licked his lips, a grin spreading over his face. "And you think I'd be the right fit for king?" He laughed again, "I rebel against monarchies; I don't become one."
The next morning Cas met Cain for breakfast, greeting Dean and Hannah with a silent nod. He kissed Cain's forehead, showing Dean where his loyalties stayed. Cain smiled at Cas's affection, "Good morning, dear. You look well rested. Perfect for another journey."
Cain looked to Cas then back to Rowena. "I'm sure. It has to be him. He's exactly what you said he needed to be. His mother died giving birth to him, so he's the perfect choice."
Dean slowly opened his eyes, tugging against his restraints. He needed to find Cas and Henry. He pulled harder against the leather straps around his wrists, but his body ached and cramped in protest. He screamed for help, but only echoes answered. How long had he been down here?
"How did you get Henry here? Cole told me he took care of Henry." Dean crossed his arms, sitting, eyes never leaving Hannah's.
“That old broad? I know she was a powerful witch, old too. Cas knew her better though. Why? What’s this say?” He snatched the page from the table. “ ‘In the year 420, Lady Amara of Elladonton ascended to the throne.’ How authentic is this document?” He looked to Rowena.
Amara continued to smile and walked slowly over to him, her bare feet softly patting against the cracked stone floor. She cupped his stained face and pierced his intense gaze with her own. "Interesting. You refuse to let him go even though you knowingly hurt him." She wiped his bottom lip free of bloodstains with her thumb. "Castiel isn't here, that much Abaddon told you was true."
Cas flushed a deep scarlet over his cheeks and looked away from Dean. "I didn't mean to intrude. I just wanted to talk to you." He rubbed his arm as he glanced to the floor.
"Because I couldn't leave you in Havenshire to suffer at the hands of your brothers. After what you told me," Cain held Cas's face between his weathered hands, "I just couldn't let this beautiful blushing rose be trampled any longer."
Cain wrapped his arms around Cas, hugging the prince to himself. "I need you too, Cas. I just want you to be happy." He brushed through his hair. "I'm sorry I haven't been here for you since the wedding. I know this arrangement hasn't been ideal." He rubbed Cas's back softly. "We haven't even consummated our marriage yet." He chuckled softly.
Cole was on patrol in the dungeon when smoke surrounded him. He started coughing and rushed to the end of the hall to escape the smothering smoke. Castiel appeared at the opposite of the hallway, a murderous grin on his face. "Cole, Cole, Cole. Don't you want to have some fun?" He waved his hand and the stone walls folded to block the guard's path.
“I know darling, but Dean is still possessive of you, and Cain threatens his claim to you.” Amara called in a maid to carry away the empty plates. “As long as you have my mark, Dean’s fated misfortune won’t fall on you. You’ll be bound to him and to me until I die,” she laughed softly, “but more likely you and him die.” She extended her hand, “of course, it is your decision to accept.”
Michael watched Dean for a moment, a smirk playing over his lips. "I do hope your daughter is well. She didn't have the best father figure before." He waved, descending the stairs in silence. Dean frowned as he pressed back against the wall. How did Michael know about Emma? Why didn't he just shove the king down the stairs while he had the chance? He could have helped his people, but he wasn't worried about them. He hadn't worried about his friends and family since being with Cas. He hadn't thought of Emma since Cain's prying questions. Dean shook his head. He couldn't let his personal baggage cloud his judgement today. He stood outside of Cas's room dutifully, turning away any other visitors that came.
She peeked over the tome she was reading as Dean entered her room. “Your highness.” She continued to flip through the pages of the book.
“You know I care about you, Cas.” He slung the bag over his shoulder, “That’s why I have to go.” He mumbled and walked over to Cas. He kissed his temple, “Hang in there, I promise I won’t be gone too long.” Dean headed for the door, “Take care of Henry and Emma while I’m away. Jess can help if you get overwhelmed.”
Cain took his hand and pressed a kiss to it. "I promise I have no plans against you. I simply want to make you happy."
He adjusted his circlet to show his status to the guards and walked over to them. “Open the cell.” He ordered, trying his best to mimic Michael’s authoritative tone.
Dean smiled for a brief moment, glancing down to Henry’s room. “That’s all I ask.” He moved past her as she scurried back down to her chamber to start to work. He stood outside of Henry’s room for a moment, contorted his face into a glass jovial smile, and pressed inside to save face with their children. Henry and Emma didn’t need to know what happened to their mother, not until Noctis was gone.
Cas sighed; he knew as soon as a marriage proposal came to MIchael, he'd be whisked away to a new far away kingdom. Michael and Lucifer would have drowned him as a child if their father hadn't stopped them. "You think I don't know that Lucifer? You two will be rid of me as soon as you can profit from it. I've never understood why you hate me so much."
Dean looked back at Cas quickly, holding his face. "Cas..?" Tears rolled down his face as Cas nodded with a smile. Dean pulled Cas into his chest, hugging him as he rocked. "I thought you were gone for forever." He whispered.
"A little bit, yeah. You singlehandedly took out an entire squadron during the Great War of the Kingdoms. No one knew how you did it though. Some said it was pure luck, and others say it was solely your skill in battle."
" In a quick rage, Cas slashed the knife through the spongy flesh. He stabbed the knife into his hip and left him screaming and crying in pain. Cas vanished from the room, appearing outside of his and Cain's bedroom. He calmed himself down, then went inside the room. He greeted Cain with a kiss and a smile, undressing himself as he continued to kiss his husband.
Dean lifted his hips from the bed with a mischievous smirk on his face. "Ordering me around already, Prince Castiel?" He pulled Cas down into a soft kiss, pushing his tongue into Cas's mouth. He tangled a hand in the soft curls of his hair. Cas didn't seem to mind as Dean rolled them over. He was too distracted with Dean's curiosity. Cas hooked a leg around Dean's hip.
Cas shook her hand with a smile. "Thank you. My name is Ca-" he stopped himself, "James, but friends call me Jimmy." He took a sip of the ale.
"Soon darling." Dean whispered with a smirk. "We can meet at the pub. Tomorrow evening at dusk. I'll let Ellen know to clear a room for us." Dean pressed his lips to Cas's once more then opened the balcony and started his descent. Cas went onto the balcony and watch Dean rush through the servant gate, his head swimming from Dean's kiss. "Tomorrow at dusk." He whispered.
Cas grinned still, dragging the knife down his body. "I don't care. This is the only way I'll feel better, Cole." He put the knife away and turned away from Cole. He laughed quietly and slammed a fist into Cole's stomach. When the man doubled over, Cas slammed his hands down onto his back and made him fall on his stomach. Cas kicked the guard in the ribs, over and over and over until Cole coughed up blood. Cas spat on him then rolled him onto his back. Cas straddled Cole's stomach, drawing his knife again. "Isn't this what you wanted? Me on top of you, enjoying every minute of being with you?" He ripped open Cole's shirt, grinning as he pressed his knife to Cole's skin. He carved his mark into Cole's chest slowly. His eyes glowed red as Cole screamed in pain, making the blade burn hot. Once the mark was finished, Cas continued to slash at Cole's skin; the hall quickly filled with the pungent odor of burnt flesh. The walls opened up from behind him, and Cas heard footsteps behind him. A feral growl erupted from his throat.
Dean tried to push past Sam again, "Sam, I have to go. I have to let Cas know, prove to him, that Henry is alright."
Cas shook his head. "My handmaiden usually stays in her quarters, so yes. It's only me in here. Don't you have your own room?" Cas came over and closed the door behind Dean.
Dean gripped the door as he opened it. His stomach rolled as he fought his own tears away. “Cas, you’re just as easy lay. A good time and cheap fun.” He felt his heart pound in protest, but he had to make Cas stay away. “That’s all you’re good for. I could never love you the way you love me.” Dean left the room without so much as looking at Cas because if he did, he knew he would rush to Cas’s side, promising him that he didn’t mean any of it. He just didn’t want to hurt Cas, but he had to do this way. Cas was strong; he’d bounce back, live a happy life with Cain and their children. And when the eldest was old enough, Dean would give him the mark and go home. He wouldn’t hurt Cas ever again. He couldn’t.
“I’m not a child. I’m twenty.” He frowned. “Besides Cain had a fertility spell on me. His bloodline won’t end with him.” Cas pressed a hand to his stomach. He hadn’t given much thought of being a parent before.
"You have a son? With the most wanted criminal in Havenshire? The literal rebel leader who wants to dethrone our entire family?" Lucifer grinned, holding his sides with laughter. "I didn't think you had it in you, Cas. Finally did something naughty."
Amara glanced out of the window, “he didn’t want to remember her. Her death was tragic.” She put her tea down and folded her hands together on the table. “It was during the Great War between the Kingdoms; Colette had come to Cain’s base to surprise him with news of her pregnancy, but he was out with a scouting party. Raiders came and found Queen Colette alone. They took her back with them, raped and tortured her. despite her pleads, they continued and when she told them of her pregnancy, the leader of the raiders finally took pity on her. They carried her head on a pike into war with Cain, and he tore every single man into pieces with his bear hands in his rage and mourning.”
Cas narrowed his eyes as he looked to Cain. "What's going on here? I told you that in confidence. What do you need me for? What is this spell she's talking about?"
Dean took a moment to process what Cain had said. Cas had bargained for him even after Dean had betrayed his trust. He had to still care about him if that was the case. Maybe he could patch things up with him. "Thank you, your majesty. I won't disappoint you."
Dean grinned and turned a soft shade of pink, kissing Cas's cheek. "You have to make a show of this, hm?" He laughed softly and started to pull away from Cas to return to the shadows. So many royals in one room made him uneasy. Cas chuckled and watched him slink back to Sam. The feast commenced after Cas finished his announcement. He avoided his brothers' angered glare, a playful smirk across his face. They were playing a delicate game of chess with each other, and Castiel refused to lose.
Dean stood in front of Cas, holding his arms out. “Cole, if you want the baby, you’ll have to go through me first.”
Cain smiled too and looked over the painting. "Like the forest is watching us. Such an imagination." He chuckled and put the painting aside. "Michael has decided to perform the execution today since the rebel won't talk. I came to see if you felt like joining me for the event."
“That’s just it. I’m okay with that risk.” He reached out to Hannah, but she pulled away even more. “I want you to come with me to Eastden. The coronation is in a few days; please be ready to leave.”
Cas felt Hannah’s steady gaze on him, so with a resigned sigh, he sat his tea down. “Hannah, I must confess, especially since I know you’re thinking it,” Cas swallowed hard, his mouth feeling terribly dry suddenly. “You mustn’t speak of this to anyone, Hannah. Promise me?” She nodded and sat next to him on the bed. Cas took her hands, “I was the one with the rebel, Dean.”
"That's the thing with you royals." He walked them to the bed, pressing Cas to it. "You talk and talk and talk." He pulled Cas's pants down, trailing his fingers along the bare skin of Cas's thigh. "But when the big moment comes, you forget how to act."
Dean stood her on the bed, gathering their things into satchels. "His mama is becoming king, baby. He's really important to Eastden, and he can't leave the kingdom." He kissed her temple, packing a few of her dresses. "Don't worry baby. You'll be coming with me."
Cain pressed the tip of the knife to Dean's throat. "So many empty threats." He laughed once, "You're caught, Dean. I should've let Michael hang you that day. I should've known Cas wanted you for a reason."
Cas turned to Dean and looked into those beautiful green eyes, questioning whether or not Dean was serious. "I don't know, Dean. That sounds very risky, especially for me. Can I think about it?" He stood and bravely brushed his fingers through Dean's short hair.
Sam patted Henry's back, "You can't call the wedding off now, everyone is here waiting. If that's not Cas, marrying whoever it is will ensure you can investigate what happened. Henry pulled Cas back before, maybe he'll pull him back again."
Dean pulled away from her slowly. "Thanks. I'm sure it is." He glanced to the door Cas went through earlier. "Can I go see him?"
Amara pouted at the refusal of her deal, but she nodded as Dean countered his own. "I accept your conditions. If you can break it, you can have him. Though, don't expect it to be easy after your fight tonight." She laughed softly and vanished in a cloud of smoke.
"Then why did you say you 'needed me for an heir'? Why not just marry a woman and avoid dangerous magic?" Cas rested his hands over his stomach as it calmed down. His legs still burned, but he could manage that.
Cas drew his knife, appearing directly in front of Cole. He pressed against the man as he trembled. "Oh how I want to hurt you though." He pressed the knife against Cole's throat. "Ever since I got back, I've been dreaming of this moment." He patted his face.
Dean smiled slightly, running a hand through Cas's curled black hair. "Oh, so you're in love with someone other than me and Cain? How many suitors do you have, Cas?" He teased and kissed his forehead. "I love you too, Cas. That's why we should run away. Tomorrow, you will be someone else's to hold, to caress, to kiss. I don't like watching him touch you. You're mine, Cas."
Cas took his seat and started to eat. "Of course, my love. After breakfast, we shall be on our way. I'm so eager to see the capital."
The door creaked as it came open; Dean spun around, eyebrows pulled together in confusion when he saw Cas standing in the door. "Come on in. I'm too sore to fight anymore."
“You’ll just have to accept your lot in life now. Sex when I want you. Guard duty when my husband is around.” He teased and closed his eyes. “My big beautiful beau, I’ll treat you like you deserve.” He cuddled to Dean’s side, slowly falling asleep surrounded by his warmth.
Cas looked up at Cain as they stood at the top of the stairwell. "I trust your judgement, Cain." He whispered, kissing Cain softly. He smiled, looking to the room. "I like this room. I want this to be my painting room after we finally share a room." He smirked.
Dean cupped his cheek with his free hand, placing a gentle kiss on his swollen lips. "You're a very needy partner." He smirked as he rubbed Cas's cock with an oiled hand. Cas tightened his grip around Dean's neck, trembling as he held back an orgasm. He let go of Cas and started to apply the oil to his own cock. "Cas, I don't want to hurt you, okay? Let me know if it gets to be too much for you." He whispered, holding his face gently. He placed a kiss on his lips and pressed the head of his cock against Cas's hole, watching Cas's face as he pushed inside.
Dean closed his eyes and pulled away from her. Cas wouldn’t invite this creature into himself, would he? A tightness formed in his chest, aching as he thought over Cas’s behavior. “How do I find this Luxa chick? She must know how to stop Noctis or something.”
Dean felt his own eyes flicker black at the threat. "Cas, I have a right to the kingdom! You know I do. Henry wouldn't want us to fight." He started to reach behind him.
This is the start of the last arc of this story. There's probably 2-4 more chapters plus an epilogue left. It just depends on how much editing I do mentally before writing. Again! Love ya guys so much. TMC67
Noctis looked back into the mirror, eyes glowing a fiery red. "If you ruin this for me, you'll watch the blood run from everyone you love."
Dean growled, an urgency behind the low rumble. "Take these off." He ordered, tugging on the fluffy shirt sleeves.
Cas nodded, "I feel much better, Cain. Thank you." He watched Cain undress for bed. He didn't need to get ready for bed, he had stayed in his nightgown all day. Despite being so full and warm against Cain, Cas couldn't sleep still. He felt a pair of eyes trained on him as he tossed and turned underneath the blankets. Finally, he sat up, looking back to the opened balcony doors. A redheaded woman stood leaning against the railing, watching Cas as he moved in bed. She smiled and turned to look out to the sea. Cas grabbed Cain's dagger from its sheath and held it out in front of him as he approached the woman.
She watched his eyes change, gasping softly as they returned to their normal blue. "You are... You're the prince..." She touched his lips. "And you don't want to go back because your son died. That's what the scar's from, isn't it?
The physician went to the door, "Well it's still early, but I do believe you to be with child. I'll know more in the coming weeks, but I've been doing this long enough to sense these kinds of things. I'll let King Cain know of your condition." He left the room as Cas sat in bed.
Dean heard a soft gust of air as he laid in his bed. He looked around for a moment, rolling out of bed when he saw Cas near the end of the barracks. He held Cas's hand and helped Cas sit on the empty bed. "What are you doing down here? You're about to have a baby in a dirty barracks hall."
Dean pulled Cas closer to his side, tilting his head up to kiss his soft lips. "Course he's serious. Least I hope he is. It'd be hard to raise our son together if he wasn't."
Cas nodded, the blissful calm washing over him again, “of course, Mother. Why would I ever doubt you?” He smiled at her as she carefully took off his wedding band. She wouldn’t lose him again because of Cain.
"Cain is old. I'll simply smother him in his sleep and pretend he died naturally." He continued to smile warmly, pressing into Dean. "Then I'll marry you, and keep you as long as you're useful."
Michael nodded, turning back to the flowers. "I have good news for you as well. The king of Eastden agreed to a peace treaty if we give him your hand in marriage. I told him we'd gladly make the arrangements. When he arrives for my coronation, we'll sign the treaty, and you'll return to Eastden with him. Finally, some good will come of you."
Cas kept his eyes on Cain while he answered. "I thought him seemed too valuable to waste." He reached for Cain's hand and laced their fingers together.
Cas turned to his right and rushed through the walls of the castle until he arrived back in Cain's study. He materialized at Cain's desk and pulled the drawers open, scattering papers and pens around.
Dean frowned and his eyebrows knitted together in confusion. "What about you, Cas? I can't just leave you here." He rested his forehead against the back of Cas's head. "What if you can pass him off as Cain's?"
"What are you going to do if you become pregnant?" Dean reached out to touch Cas, just wanting to be near the young prince.
"As much as I would love to share a bed with you, my darling, I must resist. It's bad fortune for a couple to sleep together before their wedding." Cain brushed Cas's cheek with his thumb before he gave him another kiss. "Now sleep well. We still have another day's journey to the capital." Cain held his face a moment longer before he went to his own room.
Dean managed to find another horse grazing in the overgrown castle garden and a bridle in the abandoned stables. He helped Cas onto the saddled animal then climbed onto the other bareback. Since Cas was with him, Dean stuck to the main roads. Every night when they reached a village, Dean would find a cheap inn for Cas to stay in. After a week's time, Dean and Cas were exhausted, hungry, and covered in dust and dirt. They rode through the streets of Omundington as the sun set in the west. Dean helped Cas down from the weary animal. He gave Cas's hand a gentle squeeze before he took the prince to Cain's study.
Cas laid awake in bed for hours after Dean left his room. His hands ran over the places Dean had gripped and kissed. His breath hot and needy against his skin. The sweet scent of evergreen swirled around him. 'You've been flaunting yourself all day.' Dean was jealous. Cas couldn't stop the flips his stomach made at the thought of Dean being jealous of Cain. Did that mean Dean actually did care about Cas? No matter what Cas said about marriage, his heart belonged to Dean. He just couldn't betray Cain after the kindness he had shown Cas, and he couldn't let Dean off the hook with sex. He wanted Dean to work for forgiveness. He wanted Dean to prove to im that he was truly sorry for what he had done. He fell asleep slowly as his thoughts meshed together, uneven and jagged.
The tag is not the only tag that will apply to this story. I will update the tags as I write because I don't know how much of the original story I will include. For now, non-con is the only tag that applies.
"Get more guards down there now! He's not getting away from us this time!" Michael shouted as Dean started the fight; soon the gallows were surrounded by men and swords. Dean couldn't make his way out this alive. At least his death would bring Cas some happiness. Dean glanced to Cas one last time; he was whispering something to the older gentleman.
Dean rested his hands on Cas's hips, keeping their bodies pressed together. "I want so much more, Manny." He whispered back, "I just want you, always. For as long as you'll have me." He brushed through Cas's dark curls.
"I'll give you two hundred right now for him." Cain patted Cas's hand gently when he squeezed his own. "He's talented, and wasting his strengths on an execution seems so barbaric."
"Kid, you should really watch where you're going next time. You almost got trampled." Dean pulled him to his feet, never taking his eyes off the prince. "Why did you lie about who you were? Wouldn't have made myself known if I knew a royal was there."
Cas wiped his face again, forcing a small smile. "I *can* have an heir now. Cain had his court witch put a 'blessing' on me, so now I can have children." He brushed Dean's cheek with his thumb. "At the very least, I can have one child. I guess he didn't want to doom a young maid to being a widowed mother." He looked away from Dean's worried green eyes. "And he needed peace with Michael, so here I am. Being used only for someone else's benefit or twisted pleasure." He went silent as his throat tightened with more tears.
Michael elbowed his brother's side. "Cas, can I speak with you privately for a moment before the ceremony? It won't take long." He grabbed Cas's arm firmly, moving them into a small room outside the throne room. "Break off the engagement before you announce it. Now."
She chuckled softly, “Why thank you. I just wanted to make sure you had a wonderful breakfast after that good night of rest. I have to look after my innocent children.” She sipped her tea.
Once guests started to leave for their rooms and the delights of the city, Michael pulled his middle brother into his room to speak. He sat at the end table, hands folded together as he mulled his decisions. "Lucifer, we need to discuss what we should do with our dear baby brother."
"My dear boy, today is your lucky day. I've just saved you from the nasty business of death. Of course it was Cas's idea. He said you seemed too - what did you say, dear?"
Michael grinned, "You think you know what I'm capable of." He started inside the room, "You have no idea who I am, or what I will do to you."
Cain nodded slightly, "I remember that now. Joshua, your father's adviser, had to take lead in that revolt before it turned into a civil war." He turned his attention to the guards bringing the rebel out, a smile on his face.
“Of course, mother.” He mumbled, pausing for a moment. Mother? “Why have you asked me here?” He asked softly, focusing on his wedding band. “Cain won’t approve of my disappearance.”
Cas balled his fists together. "Are you afraid of her?" His lip twitched in slight excitement as Cain's eyes darted away. He would finally have a leg up on someone. He puffed out his chest. "You are... That's why you sent Dean alone. He has your mark. You knew you couldn't take her in a fight." He laughed wildly at Cain. "Not even Dean could handle her. It's not possible for you to destroy her. She's an ancient powerful being, and you cannot fathom the strength she possessed." Cas reached in his bag and tossed Amara's crown on Cain's desk. "I've tripled your kingdom's size." He turned to the door, leaving Cain fumbling over the crown. "You're welcome." He said as he slammed the door him as he left Cain in bewilderment. He refused to be weak any longer.
As Raphael held Dean with a sword drawn, Uriel unchained the prince. “What happened here? How did he get free of his shackles?”
Four long months passed since Cas disappeared in the night. Cain had spent those months meticulously planning a rescue mission for Cas, but he lost interest in every single plan when he saw insignificant flaws in each one. Dean urged the king through every plan to put it in action, he even started begging to act soon. He didn't know what Abaddon and Amara were doing to Cas, but Dean knew it couldn't be anything good. Dean finally pushed into Cain's study before he locked himself away with a bottle of brandy. Cain poured his glass full of the brown liquid and glanced to Dean as he came in.
"I waited for the right person to come along with enough rage and pain to contain me, and there you were, aching for a chance at revenge." He brushed his hair. "I've forgotten what being human feels like. Now, I really do have some unfinished business to take care of." He stood and dressed quickly, a smirk forming. He held the brush for a moment then threw it into the mirror. He watched the mirror shatter, then turned to find his dear spy of a brother.
The nurse and physician were moved by Michael's dedication, but the youngest prince, Castiel, knew Michael's words were just that -- words. He rolled his sapphire blue eyes and turned to leave his father's chambers, but his other brother stopped him with a firm hand on his shoulder. Once Castiel faced Lucifer, he crossed his arms. "What do you want, Lucifer? I have no business here anymore. Father's dead."
“Because I gave it in kindness rather than in destruction. I only want the best for you after seeing the tragedies of your life Castiel.” She patted his hand. “I wouldn’t lie to you, darling.”
Dean trotted down to the barracks and grabbed a few knives and his sword along with his change of clothes. He saddled a horse from the stables and left the castle grounds. He didn't bother asking anyone to accompany him; without Cas's company, Alastair had devoted more of Dean's time to training. Dean didn't need anyone else to slow him down. He refused to leave Elladonton without his Cas.
Cas felt his chest tighten at Dean's skin against his own. His hands cradled either side of Dean's face, pulling him even closer. He jumped slightly when Dean slid his hand from his back to his ass, pulling away slightly to find reassurance in Dean's shining green eyes.
"Unless Castiel bears your child first." Her smirk only grew wider. "I can place you back in his memories if you do something for me."
Dean took a few steady breaths like Alastair had taught him as he stood from the mutilated body. He wiped his face with his sleeve free of blood and held the knife tightly in his free hand. "I'm getting tired of asking this, but where is Cas?" His voice crackled with a primal violent tone.
Dean gulped against the knife, a smirk on his face. "That man I was with when I was captured, well I hate to break to you, but that was your precious little Cas. Even back then he wanted me over you."
Hannah pulled Cas's shirt up, brushing his hair back. "M'lord, you'll do great. I've seen this happen many times. You're the strongest person I know." She smiled, encouraging him through the contraction. When the cramp passed, the doctor wiped down Cas's stomach. "It's going to hurt, but I can't do anything about the pain." He made a narrow incision across his stomach, holding Cas still. He worked quickly before another contraction took him, pulling the newborn from Cas. He wiped the baby down, cutting the cord. He handed the screaming infant to Cas then cleaned his hands and stitched Cas up.
"But he didn't... And he won't ever do it again." Dean whispered again, kissing his temple gently as he rocked Cas soothingly. "I won't let him touch you. You're mine..." He rubbed his back. "Mine to protect and to cherish and to love. For forever."
In the following days, Castiel's physician ordered him to stay in bed and made daily visits to him. Cain decided to stick by Cas's side instead of holding audiences. He wanted to support Cas more than ever as his due date approached. Cas wanted Cain to leave him alone, but he couldn't outright tell Cain to go. He didn't care to be bedridden, but he had to listen to his doctor. Early one morning, ten days after the doctor had put his to bed, Castiel woke in a crippling pain. His back burned as his stomach cramped violently. He cried out and gripped Cain's arm tightly. "CAIN...." He groaned, wincing in pain as he shook the king awake.
Dean tilted Cas's head up, stealing a kiss from him. "Cas, like I told you last night, we're in this together now. Nothing, not even this god or whatever he is, will separate us. I'm bound to you, and you're bound to me. You're not going to get rid of me that easily." He smiled, brushing his hair back. "So just say you'll marry me. I can't stand the thought of another royal treaty keeping us apart." He kissed his cheek, whispering "marry me" over and over as he moved his kisses along his jaw and neck.
Dean knew Cas was right. He groaned softly, returning to a gentle pace in and out of Cas. As he thought more about Cas’s decision to stay, he grew frustrated, his pace speeding up. Cas gripped Dean’s shoulders again, biting his lip as Dean worked through his frustrations. He moaned Dean’s name as he came, arching against Dean’s hot body. Dean felt a warm sticky splat on his stomach, a grin meeting Cas’s agape mouth. “You May read a lot, but you’ve got no experience. You can’t last longer than me...” Dean rolled his hips into Cas’s. “Can’t you just feel how perfectly we fit together?” He kissed Cas gently and let himself cum, rolling onto his side with a sharp exhale. “Much better than before I hope.”
She shook her head, smoothing her long grey green dress out, “Anyone can take control of themselves if they have the strength. Why?”
She smiled as she saw Cas and touched the back of the chair. “Beautifully crafted, hm? I’ve made it out crowns I’ve taken.” She opened her arms for a welcoming hug. “My, my. How you have grown.”
Dean woke early the next morning; he wanted to catch Cole asleep, so he could teach him another lesson, but Cole's bunk was empty and cold. Dean made his way to the mess hall after checking Cole's bunk. His blood roared louder and louder in his ears the longer he dwelt on what happened. He regretted ever telling Cole when Cas would be vulnerable. Dean sat down at the empty table near the door with a bowl of grey porridge and started absently shoveling the mush in his mouth. A lanky older man with buzzed hair sat across from Dean a few minutes later. He had an equally unappealing bowl of slop. The man glanced to the pink brand on Dean's forearm.
Dean balled his fists together, taking a deep breath. Finally, he rolled his right sleeve and showed the pink scar on his forearm. "Sam, do you know what that mark is? It's Cain's birthright. He gave it to me after I got to Eastden so his kingdom would have a ruler until his heir was old enough to rule. I have the right to challenge Cas's claim. I've never been more powerful than this. Henry and Emma are going to be safer with me than they ever have been in the camp."
“Come here.” Dean pulled him up roughly, putting his legs behind himself. “You’re not as innocent as you make yourself seem, are you?” He grinned, pulling his face into a hungry kiss, nipping his bottom lip.
Weeks passed and Dean heard nothing from Rowena. His patience ran thin as the dim light in Cas’s eyes faded into a pitch dark nothingness. He marched through the halls of the castle to find the sorceress. In the depths of the castle’s dungeons, Dean found Rowena buried in mountains of books, scrolls, scraps of parchment, and any other piece of lore she could get her hands on in the month of her search.
One evening after Cas had finished his training session with Amara, Dean waited outside the tower's room to walk Cas back to his chambers. Dean smiled as Cas came outside, linking their fingers together as they walked back. "How was your session? You seem jovial today."
Dean watched the nervous, second-guessing movements for a moment before he turned back to the pump. "I came to find someone Castiel if you remember. He's the prince of Eastden."
Noctis grinned as he felt Dean sit back down on the bed. He could sense Dean's hesitance, yet he wanted to see if Dean would even try. Once he settled for defeat, Noctis rolled over on his side and grabbed Dean's shoulder. "Good morning, my love." He whispered, getting out of bed. He kissed his temple and pulled his robe over his body. "Slept well I hope." He sat at the vanity, playing with his brushes.
Dean followed behind her and stopped outside the front door. “Everyone thinks him soft,” He slid off his horse and tied it up. “He can be quite venomous when he needs to be.”
Dean shook his head. “I didn’t. Cas killed her. She had taught him the ways of her magic, and I guess that’s why he could do it.”
"There. After his wedding, you'll tell him you're staying with him to advise him, to help him run a kingdom smoothly." He handed the sealed letter to Lucifer and stood from his chair. "We'll have to feign support for his wedding to that rebel."
Cas looked up to the king, his frown growing still. He had to admit, the older king wasn’t hard on his eyes like he imagined him to be. He cleared his thoughts of Cain; he couldn’t let the handsome man in front of him distract him or sway his loyalty to Dean. “Bad memories with him is all. Power goes to his head. He’ll be rid of me soon though.”
Dean flexed his muscles as he continued to rinse off his bruised body. White scars crisscrossed along his shoulders and hips, but a long jagged scar ran the length of his spine. "The king of Eastden thought he'd be here, but he's not."
Dean chuckled and looked down at his hands. "There's a boring story. Nothing remarkable, though my daughter is turning six in a few weeks. Hopefully, my brother will take care of her."
"Not to speak out of place, but it sounds like you should've took a wife instead of a husband then." Dean chuckled once, looking down at his hands. "Cas can't give you a son to pass that thing on to."
Cain, unphased by the threat, moved a few steps back. He finally let Hannah go for the doctor. “You’ve already stabbed me in the back once Castiel. Look at how well that turned out.” He left Cas alone, on the floor in his blood, fading out of consciousness. He had someone else to deal with now.
“I want to, oh how I want to!” Cas held his face before he kissed Dean’s lips. “But if I leave, more innocent people will get hurt in a war.”
Dean's eyes widened and looked at the yawning baby. Henry settled on Dean's eyes, cooing happily at the familiar face. Dean pressed his forehead to Henry's, breaking down in full body sobs. He knelt down, just crying into the bundle of blankets Henry was swaddled in. A small set of arms tried to wrap around his back; Dean turned around and smiled at Emma. He wiped his face and sat on the ground. "Hi baby. Have you been good while I was away?"
Cas was on fire again; Dean's scent overwhelmed him, and he found himself racing his hands through Dean's hair. "I'm getting married in a fortnight, Dean. I can't."
Rowena glanced towards the bedrooms, then back to Dean, afraid of the hidden eavesdroppers around. If Noctis had already taken over Cas like Dean seemed to believe, she couldn’t guarantee her own safety if she helped Dean. She sighed and twisted a ring on her finger. “Luxa has been hidden for centuries, we’d have to commune with someone who lived in her glorious days.”
Cas smirked and tilted his head as he looked back to Meg. "That's exactly what will happen. I will march into that castle hall and take what's mine." He went to the hidden space underneath the bed. He grabbed the other bags and flung them at Meg. "Here's the gold you want. The studio is paid for through the rest of the year, use it if you want." He walked out of the studio.
Cas groaned and scrunched his eyebrows together. He dug his nails into Dean's back, arching against his body. "My god, Dean!" He tugged on Dean's hair and trying to relax back on the bed. His breathing evened out and he nodded for Dean to continue. Dean brushed his hair back, kissing Cas as he snapped his hips against Cas's. He smirked at Cas's whimper, and he pulled away to hold his hips as Dean thrusted quicker. Cas's eyes crossed, gripping Dean's shoulders firmly. He ached for a release. "P-please.. Dean, I - I can't fight it anymore."
Cas nodded and took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. He relaxed his muscles, closing his eyes as Dean pushed a finger inside of Cas. He groaned softly, gripping the covers on the bed. Dean kissed the corner of Cas's mouth as he worked his finger in and out slowly to get Cas accustomed to it. Once his first finger was met with little resistance, Dean pushed his second oiled finger inside of Cas, covering his mouth when he made a loud breathy moan. Dean smirked and kissed him as he crooked his fingers inside of Cas. "You like this, hm?" Dean watched as Cas arched from the bed, struggling to form words.
When he turned back to Alastair, the jagged blade pressed against his throat. "Get. On. The. Table." Alastair spoke calmly, pressing the knife harder against Dean's throat. "Now." Dean moved to the table and balled his fists together as Alastair fastened him into the restraints. "This blade has been in my family for generations. It's a shame I have to give it to you when I retire. Cain will give you another on his deathbed." He continued to sharpen the knife as he watched Dean squirm. "Don't worry, Dean. My blade won't kill you. It's been enchanted to maim, never kill." He grinned and dragged the blade along Dean's jaw. "You have to bring a few guards down here every now and then, to make sure they understand I'm always watching. Waiting for a mess up."
Cas climbed in bed again as Cain got ready for his meetings with the advisers, clutching the pot so he could vomit when he needed to. He smiled as the physician entered his room. The doctor pressed on his stomach, listening close to the noises inside him. The doctor knowingly smiled, gathering his things back up. He gave Cas a few herbs to ease his stomach. "Congratulations."
Sam stood in the door, frowning more as he watched Dean scurry around the tent. "You can't take Emma with you. It's too dangerous to take her. What if you get caught?"
Cole smirked and looked to Alastair. The older guard sighed, taking a vial out of his pocket. He tossed it at Dean, grinning wildly as he hit the ground with a loud thud. “Wonderful little thing when prepared properly.” Alastair dragged Dean, unconscious from the room. Cole glared at Cas as he walked over unopposed now. He snatched the infant away, following Alastair out of the room. Cas sobbed, pleaded, and struggled out of bed. The stitches ripped open as he stood, stumbling forward. He screamed as he fell at Cain’s feet, tears and mucus pouring down his face. “Cain! Please!”
Billie appears pained as she sighs, “Have you never studied how the sponsorship works.  It’s effects on the Omega specifically?”
“No, that’s not what I wanted to ask you.” Castiel takes the longest, slowest inhale of his entire life letting the cherries swirl on his brain.  “Do you want my claiming bite?”
“We have a difference of opinion on Castiel’s motives.”  Rowena’s sharp gaze nearly cutting Castiel.
On the final chorus, the hunter dips his kind angel, placing his mouth onto those velvety smooth lips.  The heroin-like rush from the touch attacks all of Dean’s senses, making him feel dizzy.  Yet, in that second, the two lovers have found a unified choice as their mouths gradually open.  Dean’s tongue wanders out, tasting Cas, directly from the source for the first time.  The kiss deepens, their swiping tongues melding into a single movement.  It’s not until the hunter’s lungs are crying out for oxygen that he pulls back, but only slightly.  They both pant heavily, green and blue astray in their own personal storm of lust.  Finally, Dean brings Castiel upright, but holds on for dear life.
Dean shrugs because in this day and age it's weird when parents don’t know.  “Of course they had me scanned when I was a baby, the ultrasound after the first birthday.  You know the one that shows what’s under the hood so there aren’t any surprises.  However, at one all babies look the same so nobody thought anything about it.  Omega male no big deal, then as I grew into my alpha build my parents moved to Lawrence and kept my secret until I exposed myself with that first heat.”
“A baseball analogy, how original.”  She mimes a yawn.  “Off you go, let me know if you get a homerun.”
In the middle row, Cain has a penlight in his hand so he can read, while Meg’s head lies on Charlie’s shoulder.  The red-head watches him.
Castiel and Dean switch places as Dean shampoos his alpha’s raven hair.  “No, that was the problem last night.  It was too quiet.  I would wake up and the only people in the house were me and Kevin.”
Immediately, his mate grabs an apple from the overflowing fruit bowl.  Castiel’s mind goes elsewhere when juice from his bite trickles down Dean’s chin.  How does one focus with this man in his presence?  Completely unfair.
A green highway sign has three hotels listed.  Dean grins, “Take the next exit and we can check into one of the hotels.  I will not have Alpha cum all over Baby’s leather.”
The taller omega then punts the head into the air, Abaddon’s red hair trailing behind.  “You should hang out and watch.  When you chop up the body it confuses the drones, they can’t decide which piece to pick up first.”  Next Gadreel’s hacking away at her legs.  The guys uniform is saturated in crimson liquid, Dean’s fairly certain this isn’t his first dismemberment. “Wanna cut one off?  It’s fun.”
They finish their cake and Sam gives Dean a massive hug goodbye, whispering into his ear, “Happy Birthday, Dean.
The young girl’s eyes narrow as she notices the squashed flower in her brother’s hand. “Henry, you broke the pretty flower; now no one will want it.”
“You mentioned last night that you will be unavailable this evening because of a family commitment?”  Cas squeezes their linked hands.
He lets Dean pass by then shuts the door to Claire’s room.  Immediately Dean’s feeling exposed as he moves back to give more space between them.  Bartholomew shrugs and steps forward, which has the hairs on the back of Dean’s neck standing up.  This can’t end well.
A new wave of chills are making it difficult to breath as Dean feels his body revolting against the food he’s eaten. God he really doesn’t want to vomit in front of Castiel’s brothers.
“Pull out a chair and have a seat.”  Instantly Castiel complies.  The sight of the Alpha innocently waiting on whatever he wishes sends a thrill up Dean’s spine.  Arousal blending with his usual pre-slaughter high.  “I want to touch you with your consent, but your hands have to stay behind your back.  Are you in?”
Eileen wipes her forehead, signing back, with Gadreel giving her words a voice. “The heat in here means the chute will be even worse.  Be careful about losing your grip with wet hands.”
“Out of guilt, I suppose. He delivered Anna into my life, and thus, you as well. I want to believe he honestly thought that limited contact would be enough to satiate my pain.”
“I’m here, wild fucking horses couldn’t move me from this spot,” Dean answers, hastily ripping his own clothes, tossing them to the carpet below. “How do you want to do this?”
He scoffs, “I’m not a toddler.  Most days if I sit down for a bit or have another cup of coffee, I’m good to go.  I’ve always been able to run on four hours of sleep.”
Dean steels his resolve, biting his lower lip nervously, “No, sir. I need …” his voice cracks before he can finish the sentence.
Castiel’s hair bounces with his head, “I searched the internet for a sexual contract between men but the results were rather disturbing.”
They are maybe ten minutes from the house and Castiel’s body is vibrating with desire to be with his Omega and child.  “It’s called a phone call or checking at the gate house.  He should have at least waited until I was home.”
His roommate’s head tilts ever so slightly to the left as he waits for the ultimate reveal of the bouquet.
God, he feels like such an emotional mess as tears form in the corner of his eyes.  That’s when a very large, pheromone charged alpha comes around the car.  “What are you two looking at…”
“We are booting Dick, Theo, and Malachi from the tour.  Now go.”  He knew there was no chance those two were going to obey, but damn it he had to try.
“No.  You were protecting yourself, protecting those you care about; absolutely neither of those can be described as cold.  Trust me, I understand cold-blooded murder.”
“Dean, I’m a healer.  From the first moment of my life that I can recall, I’ve always wanted to help.  The world can be an ugly and cruel place, you know better than most, but it’s been my calling to bring peace.  My father hated me for failing to live up to my designation.  Nurturing is an omega trait.  Betas should be calculating, the thinkers who hold the tribe together, linking the softness of omegas to the harshness of alphas.  I was beaten into submission.  For years I abandoned who I was for the love of a father who never truly cared for me.  When I left home at 18 to attend college for finance, I failed every class.  The problem wasn’t an inability to learn the curriculum, it was my heart overriding the bullshit trampled into my head.  No one would help me.  A disappointment to my family, I would have ended up in the streets if it weren’t for Castiel.  He’s a brilliant man, even when he was only a high school summer intern at the family business.  Picking up the role I was casting aside.  Castiel found a way to skim money to pay for my dream of becoming a nurse.  He stuck out his neck to give me a life.  I’ve got to return the favor.  Please, Dean, he’s not like any other alpha you’ve ever met.  I will vouch for him.  Tell me what I need to do in order to sway your decision?”
Bobby nods then holds up two fingers, Claire nodding quietly.  Then the man who Dean feels is a second father to him proceeds to stick out his tongue, swirling it about as he bends over, miming spreading his butt cheeks.  There are no words for the shock running through his body.
A rocking movement above the Omega coincides with pleasant, satisfying thrusts of a dick deep into his channel, staving off his bodies blaze. The cramping in his abdomen calms as Dean feels a large, swollen knot shift into place, filling his empty pain. The Omega’s burning insides abate as a glorious amount of cum splatters his channel. Lastly, Dean hears the voice of his one true love.
Garth opens the door to a tall redhead with an eye patch.  She’s in a sleek designer brown suit, and her scent is brokenhearted omega.
A bright, strong purple hue of fire envelops Chuck’s frame.  Daphne screams.  The hazy gray outline of a human body gradually slips from the Omega.  The body crumples to the ground.  A massive explosion sends the dark spectral figure into tiny pieces of dust which are blown into the house on a gentle breeze.
Baby slows as they pass the cabin.  The snail-like drive-by has Dean noting the tall, thin candle is a lovely shade of blue.  A shade which haunts his memories and lifts his spirits.  Unsure, he keeps going.
“My fairies and I will help with whatever you need.”  Nora smiles.  Her flying crew flitters just beyond the porch swing.
“Dean!”  Sam’s voice rings out, his trusty stick raised.  Benny’s at his side, a thick, scary-ass looking knife in his hands.
“Anna?  She doesn’t have a dime to her name, how could she send you?”  Adrenaline is flooding the dancer’s system, making his fingers tremble violently.
Nurse Banes clears his throat handing Dean’s juice and cookies to him.  Meg plops back in her designated spot.
“Yes, I want photos of the following: the front door with a close-up on the locks, the sinks, the toilets, and especially the carpets. If you see anything resembling mold run, do you hear me? Run.” Dean commands.
His shrink offers a Starburst, then eats it when Dean shakes his head.  As he chews loudly, Gabe replies, “Okay, staying in the house for the next two days makes sense.  You’re not claimed so you will be drawing the attention of every alpha in the county.  However, after, I think you should go out.  Definitely head back to Singer’s Auto but also maybe do something new.  Maybe take a ski lesson?  You do live on a ski resort and don’t know how to ski.”  Gabriel snaps his fingers. “You met Chuck Shurley, right?”
Rolling his eyes, Dean grunts, “Cas, you don’t have a selfish bone in your body. You build bee gardens for Christ sake.”
The dancer shakes his head, “I didn’t speak until I was six, and my first memory is holding the hand of a man in uniform.  As I grew up, dance became the one place I felt normal, so my mom encouraged it.  At 17, I was accepted into the American Ballet Academy and came to New York.  Gadreel was already here so it made the move easier.  Three years later, I became a principle dancer in the company.  It was amazing.  All my dreams were coming true, but that was also the year I started dating Nick.  He was my first everything; kiss, love, sex.  Then on my twenty third birthday, I was suppose to leave for a tour through Russia.  Unbeknownst to me, the love of my life called the company pretending to be me and quit my job.  Nobody knew I was missing for two weeks.  My friends and family thought I was in Moscow, and the company assumed I had left.”  Castiel goes very still as he drags several deep pulls from the shake, probably looking for liquid courage.
Both men exit as the first-year scurries into the computer lab.  The space is separated by a wall of glass, so the kid vanishes behind a monitor.  Dean only visits to check email and keep up with his family on the outside.  However, per usual, his roommate, Ash, waves from his spot.  Oreo crumbs are all over his wrinkled shirt.
Pushing off his knees, Dean leaps to his feet, preparing to pounce when a punch comes out of the blue, nailing his nose dead on.  Another shock of agony accompanies a rather nasty crunch.  Even with his eyes watering, the omega spots her foot coming for his head.  Dean plummets to the ground, sweeping his own foot outward and knocking the bitch on her ass.  Instantly, he’s on her chest.  Grabbing each arm as it raises to scratch his face, he uses a vise-like grip.
His mate carefully arranges them until they are lying on their sides, the wet pillows cast to the floor.  Cas’s fingers traipse over Dean’s naked flesh, sending shivers over him.
Bleeds between their touch, allowing the alpha's and omega’s minds to unify in their erotic cravings.
The kitten attempts another round of tapping, like she has something important to show him. The omega stands up, stretching as he wobbles into the kitchen for some milk, a cup for him, and a small pink porcelain bowl for Grace. He gulps down his drink, glimpsing the clock, it’s 3:08 am.
He gently opens the bathroom to find his mate resting in the large Jacuzzi tub with his eyes closed.  “Do you want to join me?”
The younger man is bursting in giggles as he continues to stare at the car. “We left the car running in the middle of the road. Jesus what is wrong with me?”
The silly comment not lightening the gravity of his choice, he knows exactly what would happen. There is no doubt in his mind that Cas would stumble down the rabbit hole into oblivion. “There has to be a third option.”
With a clear purpose in mind, Castiel stomps off the bus and heads farther north, passing ritzy stores and elegant restaurants. Dean trails behind mainly because he has no idea where they are headed, but the view of the other man’s strong shoulders with his jaw clenched gives Dean’s libido a surge of energy.  Cas’s stride begs no question to who’s in charge; his movements could be seen as cold and calculating yet Dean believes otherwise.  The tan trench coat billows behind him like Superman’s cape.  Awesome.
Cas nods in agreement, as he sits down near a bed of red flowers. The ranch really is beautiful. The main house is two stories with ten bedrooms. The walls are dark wood paneling, and dead animals hang throughout the palatial home. It is the ideal vision of a hunter’s cabin.
He kicks Azazel in several places because he deserves it.  Dean cuts two long sections from the rope for binding the Alpha’s wrists and ankles.  Excitement has his heart racing.  Every aspect of his kills are painfully planned out to the second, especially when dealing with a dangerous target.  Swiftly he maneuvers the man into position with arms above his head.  All appears on track.  The Omega lashes the rope around Azazel’s wrists first, triple checking the knots.  As he turns his attention to Azazel’s ankles a knee cracks against Dean’s face.  He can feel the blood flowing from his nose.  Although, it’s the least of his worries.  Azazel uses the surprise attack to jump on the Omega’s back.
“Seriously, like is his cock made of gold?”  The teen asks which makes Dean cringe.  Jesus that was completely uncalled for.
“No.”  The word slightly elongated for a moment as Cas lifts a thick black ribbon into the air.  “Found it.”
Castiel rubs his hands down Dean’s arms. “We are staying with them during the trials.  Their connections will be crucial.”
Sparkling sapphire eyes widen in shock at the nip of teeth then slide into a darkening.  Oh, the recently discovered stranger isn’t straight.  A little bent at least.  The sharp inhale of deep yearnings speaks volumes to Dean, who is moments away from yanking the trench coat into the BMW.
The hand returns to Dean’s cheek as a tender smile spreads across his alpha’s lips.  “There are so many reasons that I love you.  Protecting yourself and our unborn child is definitely one of them.  Do you think that if I was there I would have done something different?”
Leaving her head on his chest, she sighs, “I love you, too. Man, pregnancy has made you sappy.”  The two omegas go silent, listening to the movement of the sea. Eventually Claire tenses, “It’s almost November 12
Chuck readjusts the reading glasses on his nose.  “Well, I think that may be a warning sign for both of you.”  The old school gold alarm clock jingles, alerting them to the time.  “Alright Castiel, the hour is up.  I will see you Thursday?”
He doesn’t even have a chance to stop her. Meg’s little feet stride right up to the front door as she politely rings the bell. Dean desperately wants to put his hands over his face. Fuck, it’s like watching a horrible car accident. You just can’t turn away.
A twisting in his stomach has Dean’s insides aching. “Shit.”  He catches Meg’s gaze, “two nights ago –”
“Let’s just stick to the plan, okay? Today we tell them that we are a couple. Then once the dust settles we hit them with the baby news.”  Dean pulls on a baggy pair of cargo shorts with a green Henley.  October in the Caribbean is still very warm during the day but cooler at night. Also, the shorts hide the extra stomach weight nicely.
“No, Dean, no more.” Castiel takes the alpha’s face into his hands. “The next omega you put in that cage with you will be me.”
Nothing feels right for such an intimate event.  Stepping over to look at a rack of clothes, his fingers slide over exactly what he wants without question.
Once the omega nestles into the comforter on their bed, Ash steps next to him with an injection, and a needle connected to a saline bag. “The shot is your first heavy dose of Omesterone. A way to kick off with a bang. The IV has the chemicals needed to induce a heat. I’ve added a little fun cocktail to help things along.”
Dean spots Gadreel’s gaze as he pauses to glance at Cas.  His friend is still surprised by the way the dancer touches him.  It’s not that Gadreel is upset by it, but the act startles him, especially that Castiel is continuing to take baby steps.  Well not with Dean; the hunter gets all the juicy caresses.  However, his angel has taken to hugging family.  The first time he hugged Gabriel, the dorky little guy cried.
He spots Naomi twisting her face in frustration. “I don’t even know what TLC is, but this school has a dormitory wing and we can take on Castiel’s care, 24/7.  There is no reason for you to be here.”
“Yes.  My cravings to mate Dean have only gotten worse with the pregnancy.  My children are growing inside his womb, yet I have no claim to them.  I want him to pick me.  Honestly, I see glimmers of his resolve crumbling then nothing changes.”
He’s digging through the fridge pulling out the fixings for a mean sub sandwich.  “I appreciate the attempt.”
With their gazes still locked, Dean tilts his head to the side, asking for Castiel’s bite.  The moment could not be more perfect, a wonderful memory of their mating.  He feels his incisors lengthen, prepping to mark his lover’s neck, although when he lowers his teeth to Dean’s smooth skin Castiel halts.  Scanning the night stand he notices the photo of Gabriel unconscious.  He remembers, for now.  All that could change when the sun rises tomorrow.
“I found my true mate last year.  The odds are outrageous, yet in my third year he was there, smiling.  God, he was lovely.  One scent of his aroma, and I knew there was no one but him for me.  I told my scent expert, expecting to be given a meeting.  Nothing.  I refused to attend the last two trials, stating I found my mate and at the very least I deserved a face-to-face with him.  If he didn’t want me, then I would hear it from his own mouth.”
“You and baby here have the number-four position.  After three previous rugrats holding court in the uterus, my tummy pops early.  I’m right at eighteen weeks.”
“Oh, no.  He woke around six and was fit to be tied about coming over and springing you from the clinker.  Jody had to remind Dean he would not survive the odor.”  The blonde Omega snickers to herself as she pushes him up the stairs, “I had to promise you’d go straight to him when you arrived.  He might be a tad angry.”
The answer to his forming question comes quickly as the gray cloud multiplies hastily and a rumble of thunder crosses over the cascading wave.  Dean cracks his knuckles, preparing for a fight.  He won’t back down even if he’s lacking a sexy true mate at his side.
“WHAT?!”  Cas falls of the bed, the loud thump of his body ringing out.  From the floor the man moans, “Are they healthy?”
“Even if you were just my normal Dean, I’d still be terrified. This is a big step and we both don’t know the outcome.”
Nora snuggles up next to him so the two omegas are nose to nose.  She kind of reminds Dean of Icarus.  “You need someone there whose sole purpose is your comfort.  Even if Cas—”
His unfocused eyes attempt to look at the angel, but the dizziness makes it difficult.  Joshua pats his cheek.  “You need to rest before the ceremony tonight.  The effects of Fae Shine can be extremely draining, but before you close your eyes, Dean, listen carefully.”
“I trust Cas.”  An inner reserve of strength builds under Dean’s skin. “Angel Cay is my home now. I’m staying.”
A peppering of violent slaps cover Dean’s entire backside.  The area is set ablaze with pain; Dean’s shoulders sag, his soul finally finding the penance in Cas’s arms.  Cas doesn’t stop the strikes as he yells, “Who is your alpha, Dean?”
“Meg is a very observant little girl.” Castiel crosses, helping both men back to their feet. “She loves you both very much and has been desperately trying to find a way to make each of you happy.”
Hael wails at a volume Dean’s never thought possible, “NOW WILL YOU SEND HELP?  Our son has been captured by the evil scum of Purgatory.  Do something, or I will!”
Instead of worry or tears, his beautiful child with a heart of gold smiles.  Her hands rise to sign, “Good.”
Meg’s not wearing underwear, not really a job requirement.  Her legs are flopping about as they wait for the crew to finish their pre-dinner drinks.  That’s when Castiel notices the raised marks.  She uses a heavy foundation make-up to hide the damage so no one can see it.  The scar is on her inner thigh, tucked in the crevice of her groin.  A client bit her a little over six months ago.  The wound required eleven stitches and a transfusion because it was a bloody mess.  The guy didn’t just bite down; he ripped out a chunk of skin, and according to Meg, swallowed.  The injury healed fine, and the two friends never talk about it, but it makes Cas wonder.  He’s on the verge of asking when a waiter steps behind the partition.  The young guy starts to say something, but then gets an eyeful of what’s between Meg’s legs, and actually runs away.
Talk about opposites attract.  Amara has a red pantsuit on with her hair in a loose bun.  Pamela’s wearing ripped jeans, black tank top, black leather jacket, and biker boots.
“This is why they give us hazard pay on New Year’s.” The nurse turns to leave, but swings back, “I’m Abaddon by the way.  Give me a shout if you need to tinkle.  I’ve got a special container.”
“No one does, hence his moniker as the bad guy.”  Dean often worries if working for evil rubs off on a person permanently.
He hears Benny talking with someone, odds are Gadreel. “Meg and Castiel need a ride to the fair. No, we can’t close the shop and both go. I know …don’t you give me that face, I wanna go to
“This will in no way effect our ability to provide an excellent tour.”  Charlie’s voice rings with fake cheer, matching the bogus smile.
Dean gives a curt nod. “And on that great speech I’m out of here.”  With a quick kiss to Castiel and a big hug to Portia, his omega flies out the door. Dean has always been a rip the band-aid quickly kind of person.
He swivels, tugging the younger man behind him, not looking back until they are standing next to Jo’s car. Cas shoves Dean up against the vehicle, clashing their lips together violently. There will be time later for loving touches; right now, it’s about desire. The kiss is rough as hands scour over skin, trying to hold on tight. The dom thrusts his hips onto Dean’s, rubbing their hard erections together. The friction is delicious, but Novak wants to cum inside the younger man’s body, marking him as claimed.
A smile tugs at Dean’s lips.  “Thanks man.  Maybe we’ll work on it after y’all get back, right now I need sleep.”
“Hey, I am looking for freedom in the blue eyes of the dancing boy. Hey, I am looking for freedom in the open arms of the one I want.  Hey, I am looking for freedom in the blue eyes of the dancing boy.  Hey, I am looking for freedom in the open arms of the one I want.”
There is a direct path from the docks of Inishmaan to the bed & breakfast Charlie booked for the night.  However, Castiel chooses a less-weathered path, gesturing for his companions to follow him.  The three men stroll along the edge of the island, occasionally peeking over the deadly cliffs.  The ragged edge plummets hundreds of feet into the rocky surf of the ocean below.  After checking for stray tourists, Castiel pauses next to the highest of the Inishmaan famous bluffs.  There are no gates or anything stopping them from simply stepping off to their deaths.
“Hadn’t planned on it, why?” The last thing Dean needs is to move away from Cas, but maybe Gabe knows something he doesn’t.  Actually, correction, Gabriel is aware of a lot he isn’t, but how does that affect his roommate. “Do you think I should?”
Cas dusted off his clothes and fixed the small circlet back on his head, so it was barely visible against his soft black curls. "I didn't want to be known. King Michael wouldn't like me out in the public eye."
Cas's breathing hitched in his throat as Dean caressed his bare skin, and he arched into Dean's body. He ignored Dean's comment and tugged on Dean's hair to pull his face up. He held his breath as he looked those needy, demanding green eyes. "please. Just shut up and fuck me." He grinned, kissing Dean's lips to silence him. Dean grinned against Cas's lips, dropping his pants to his ankles. Cas lifted his hips and pulled his own pants down. Dean threw them aside, locking his lips with Cas's again. He pulled Cas's legs back to his hips. Dean gripped Cas's hip firmly, fumbling to his right for an oil basin. He dipped two fingers inside the jar as he kissed along Cas's jaw and neck, then pressed the two fingers against Cas's asshole, rubbing his rim slowly. Cas tensed as Dean touched him, biting his lip as he relaxed. Dean pressed his fingers in, gently pumping them in and out to loosen Cas up. He didn't want to hurt him the first time they made love after being apart for so long. Cas whined and twitched as Dean opened him up, squirming underneath him. He wanted more than Dean was giving him, and he knew Dean was teasing him. Once Dean was sure Cas was stretched enough, he reached for the oil again and coated his aching erection with the fresh oil. He closed his eyes as he rubbed his cock, and for a brief moment, forgot Cas was waiting for him to continue. Cas whined in protest as Dean pleasured himself alone, wrapping his leg around Dean's waist. Dean gripped his hip again, grinning to himself. "Sorry." He whispered and pressed the tip of his cock against Cas's entrance. He pushed inside, groaning at the familiar tightness and warmth of Cas, burying his face in Cas's neck as he slid his full length inside Cas. Cas scratched at Dean's back as Dean took him fully, a loud gasp escaping from his lips. He tangled his fingers in Dean's hair as Dean settled inside of him, pulling his face up so he could kiss those plump lips. As Dean kissed the prince, he started to move his hips in a slow, even thrusts. He moaned into Cas's mouth, a wave of grief, joy, ecstasy, regret crashing over him as he moved with Cas's jolts and twitches. He had to let Cas go and embrace Emmanuel. Cas met and matched Dean's moans, letting Dean find his pace for a few more thrusts before Cas needed more. He nudged Dean to lay down, and he did, letting Cas ride his lap as he got comfortable. Cas pressed his hands on Dean's chest, a devilish grin dancing on his lips. He slowly started bouncing on Dean's dick, letting him think he'd continue the slow easy pace Dean had set. When Dean closed his eyes, Cas seized his chance and sped his hips up in a wild frenzy. He dug his nails into Dean's skin, moaning loudly as he worked himself over. Dean groaned louder as Cas quickened his movements, arching his back as Cas scratched him. He looked up through hooded eyelids, eyes dark as ink. Cas met those onyx pools with his own glowing blue eyes, growling for dominance. The two grabbed and clawed at each other as they rolled in bed, fighting each other for control. Dean pinned Cas's hands above his head finally, slamming his cock harder and rougher into Cas's prostate, wanting to draw out those whines of submission.
After group they all have free time. Typically Dean follows Cas to the gym with the others, but today his roommate snags his hand, shaking his head.  Obviously the man has alternative plans for them.  Dean doesn’t really have an opinion, so he simply shrugs, waving off Gabe’s request to join them.
“You have got to be joking!” Dean seethes as he continues to push her off and keep the syringe at a comfortable distance.  Fear is now mixing in with everything else because Dean hasn’t a clue as to what a muscle relaxant would do to his pregnancy.
At a quarter after six Sam is leaning against the railing towards his hotel.  An alpha that seems vaguely familiar, but not the old beta from last night steps out of a beat up black Ford Explorer.  In a deep New Orleans accent the larger man yells, “Are you Sam?”
“Could just be the pregnancy pheromones?”  This question has been hounding Dean.  Amidst the nightmares and these damn questions Dean can’t see straight.
“Just in case you're curious, I’m the lucky gent who wielded the knife executing your beloved Dick.”  Benny shifts the massive weapon, smiling darkly with his fangs in full display.
However, Cas’s face tightens further with stress, “No, this will not do.  Your health is important, Dean.  I will call my doctor and make an appointment for you.  I insist.”
Fuck. Dean’s cloudy thoughts are sifting through memories of his family’s last night in Lawrence. He could fight her on semantics and explain the situation, but a very clear headed Castiel is shouting at him to stop, don’t say anything except… “I want my lawyer.”
“Let me take care of you, Alpha,” Dean says it with sass, but his heart skips a beat when Castiel’s lips break into a soft smile.  Shit.
“Let me know if anything sounds familiar.  Older mated omega, his wife died twenty years back, which prompted the man to spend years learning the craft specifically related to contacting the dead.  He resides in a cabin that can only be visited by hiking a day up into the Appalachian Trail.  He was vaguely connected to a terrible massacre in some midwestern state …Indiana …Oklahoma …”
He’s about to change his offer, request that she move to the ranch immediately. They will easily find work for her until the school starts. Out of the blue, Charlie chimes in, “Well, fuck that. You can have my old bedroom.”
Looking over his shoulder, he watches Crowley and Hannah walk through the foyer, opening the front door and MacLeod yelling, “I’ll be back for a fresh blood sample.”
