Once it was said however, Dean had gotten this excited look on his face and even though he knew that he shouldn't keep beating a dead horse, Castiel had decided to go ahead splurge on the idea that made the other boy light up like it was Christmas. Gabriel made him promise that he would clean the gutters and do the dishes for the next month before he had agreed to fork over the money for the very realistic and expensive costume that had cost extra since they were a rush order.
After they stop the world from ending...again. Castiel is given a room across from Dean’s in the hallway, Sam’s is down the hall and the newly resurrected Mary Winchester is around the corner, in the only room that has an ensuite bathroom.
was. So he had liked Dean, like more than just as a friend and he had gotten his hopes up, gotten lost in his head like he used to do when he was messing around on the piano and something great ended up coming out on accident.
They were each other's closest confidants and protectors, sticking up for each other against school yard bullies, earning more black eyes and busted lips than either of their mom's were comfortable with. That had turned into John providing refuge for Bobby when things got really bad at home, when he couldn't watch his mom cower and cringe away from every move his father made even though the older man's words bruised just as badly as his fists did. Their first kiss had been bloody and teary and more about Bobby needing to feel like somebody, anybody cared about him enough to not think that he was worthless than actually acting on the feelings for John that he had kept pent up over the years.
"I'm here all weekend, Dean. If things don't work out here tonight, maybe we can get together sometime," Micheal said lowly, his blue eyes flicking down to Dean's lips and back up.
Castiel hummed from somewhere beneath his chin where the other man had buried his face in Dean's neck, "I thought you were tired."
"It's Alexander. Like the great, my mom was a bit of a history buff, it saved my dad a lot of research I don't know how many times. What's yours?"
"That's fantastic!" Castiel exclaimed, moving around the table to wrap the other man in a brotherly hug that had the reporters throwing questions at them across the patio.
"Dad?" Dean asked brokenly, blinking back the tears that were making the corners of his eyes burn with the exertion it was taking to try to keep him from spilling over. "When can we go home?"
The man smiled and leaned back in his chair, giving Dean the opportunity to take in more of his body and damn, what a body. Even under the rumpled suit it was easy to see that the guy took care of himself, probably ran or did yoga judging from the toned muscles moving under the thin material of his dress shirt. A shirt that probably cost more than everything in Dean's wardrobe combined.
He had felt silly decorating Dean's locker, but so far it had served its purpose of keeping some of the more enthusiastic girls who liked his friend away. Becky had helped him stow away the incriminating roll of black butcher paper, but Jo and Garth had teased him all week during French class about his previously undemonstrated crafting abilities. He refused to make a mum or allow Meg to make one for the other boy for him. Cas felt like he could only push the boundaries of their friendship so far before Dean felt the need to confront him about it.
The one in Missouri's office was still a mystery, but it was probably done by the actual person 'M.W.' and his new friends had gotten them to draw things that they could pass off as being from a secret admirer, fuck it probably
Dean breathed a sigh of relief as the woman moved away, running a hand through his hair as he looked around the room. He’d hang for ten minutes and then duck out so it wouldn’t look so suspicious.
Dean shrugged, glancing up at Castiel before clearing his throat and sitting up straighter; tugging on the front of his shirt before dropping his hands down into his lap, out of handholding reach for Cas who tried to not be too disappointed about it because of course Dean didn't want to hold his hand. Not now.
"Do you really think that's something you could handle?" Crowley asked, staring at Dean with a calculating expression on his face. "I mean, you aren't an actor, Meg and Castiel are. They can put aside their emotions, their jealousies, and their personal lives to make their being together look believable. You are a bartender and Charlie is a PA, pardon me for being incredulous, but you need to be certain."
"What did you two do?" Dean choked out at Meg who just shook her head and mouthed wordlessly besides him as he scrambled for his phone and pressed it to his ear as soon as he saw that it was his actor calling him.
"Of course, dude." Alfie whispered before saying a final goodbye to his mother who Dean knew he did actually talk to most nights around dinnertime; the young driver was probably going to be his and Cas's best ally in keeping their relationship a secret.
“Don’t take it personally,” Jo said, picking up a couple of papers and handing them to him. “Rufus doesn’t talk much...in fact, I don’t know if I’ve ever seen him leave the room.”
"Dean, please. You're such a fucking tease," Castiel groaned throwing his head back wantonly against the pillows, exposing the long column of his neck.
asked, not spat it at him like an accusation.
The girl on the couch sat up, poking her face over the couch and lighting up when she saw Castiel standing in the doorway. It was the girl from the emergency room, the one that he had thought was a doctor only now the scrubs and long white coat were gone, replaced with a black shirt that had the Hogwarts crest on it and a brightly colored plaid over shirt. She hit the man on the couch on the shoulder excitedly until he finally turned his attention away from the television as it went to commercial.
When the other boy got up to change the disc, Dean stealthily slipped into recently vacated seat that was still warm from its previous owner's body heat and he settled into it with a pleased smirk on his face. Cas shot him a dirty look as Dean made himself comfortable, sprawling out in the chair like he himself had been doing moments before; legs draped over one arm and head resting on the other. He offered the throw pillow back to Dean who took it gratefully and used it to prop his neck up.
He figured he could always ask, but he didn't want his friend thinking that he didn't understand the songs or what the music was trying to say. So when Castiel asked him what he thought of the tape he would just shrug and make little noncommittal noises of approval and his friend would look at him thoughtfully for a minute, searching his face for something, he didn't know what and then change the subject to something else.
The other man reached across the small space separating them and wrapped his slim, perfect fingers around Dean's outstretched hand. His grip was firm, sure and warm. "Castiel. Castiel Krushnic."
Dean stared at his phone incredulously for a minute before shrugging and typing in ‘Red’ and hitting send.
And Castiel was really nonchalant about it, shook off the older Winchester's unkind words saying that all father's let their kids down now and then and Dean hadn't known what that meant, but it felt meaningful and significant and he felt like maybe he should push for an explanation from his friend, but that would just drive him more towards Meg who kept everything light and airy and was never serious about anything. Maybe that was why Cas liked her so much. She didn't brood, Jo told Dean that he brooded a lot.
Beside him Dean let out a bark of laughter and pressed his face into Castiel's shoulder until his giggles subsided. When the other man pulled back his eyes were all crinkles at the corners and his smile was so big it makes Cas's heart flop over his his chest. "If that's true then we're totally going to have to have a marathon at your place once we're all out."
Jim opened his mouth to speak, but then stopped himself; frowning for a second before he held up a finger for Cas to wait as he one-finger typed a few things into the computer. There was some intense mouse clicking before the other man made a 'hmm' sound and got up to unlock the closet that held the patients' boxes of personal items, removing an aerosol can of shaving cream and a cheap white and yellow disposable Bic from a large industrial sized package.
"It's my 'coping skill'," Castiel replied sarcastically, using the term that the therapist had insisted upon when they had first met and talked about the things he did to help himself calm down, when running wasn't an option.
"Well, I talked to Sam," Castiel began pointing towards the wall that had the beds pressed against it. "He told me that would probably be the best wall to paint and we need to do that first so that it can dry before Dean gets home. So I guess...moving furniture?"
"Shit," Dean cursed, shooting off a quick message to his boyfriend that he knew was probably pointless since he had made Cas promise him that he would turn his phone all the way off on the plane. Dean didn't want it messing with the controls, flying was complicated enough without the pilots having to worry about interference from cells phones too. "Gabriel must have drank a shit load of those little bottles of alcohol, fucking asshole."
Anyway, forgive my tiny quarter life writing crisis, but let me know if you're getting bored I will toss all that angst right back in there! Don't think its disappeared.
Castiel had almost not packed the book when he was gathering his things at the house in Pontiac, but dread had filled him when he had thought of his eldest brother finding the notes and giving them to someone who could hurt Daniel. Even after all the other boy had put him through, part of him still felt a fierce protectiveness and the rest of him pitied his classmate for not being brave enough to stand by him when things had gotten difficult. So he had brought the notes with him, but had not been able to read them, the book sat at the top of his closet gathering dust and he felt guilty when Anna asked him if he had lost it.
Castiel squeezed her hand and let all of the emotions he had felt throughout the last couple of days course through him. He was so very tired. The pair stared up at the stars that they could see through the branches of the trees until their breathing deepened and sleep overtook them.
"Charlie," Dean said drily, letting his head clunk back hard on the headboard so that maybe the pain would wake him up from how surreal his life had become. "So what is Charlie going to pretend to be my girlfriend and we'll just go on double dates with our fake girlfriends together so that we can see each other?"
He didn't handle confrontation very well, that's why he had always been content to hide behind Gabe and his brother's friends when someone had tried to pick on him. Maybe it was why he was so sickeningly sad about all of this, because it was so familiar and so routine that he was surprised that he had let himself be sucked into another prank. In high school, during the two years that spanned between Gabriel graduating and Castiel leaving the crumbling old brick public school too, the pranks and jokes and teasing had been endless.
He shrugged and followed the older man down the hallway a bit, stopping at an unmarked door next to the one shower on the floor that Cas hadn't bothered to use since it was next to Martin's room. Jim pulled a small set of mismatched keys out of his pocket and flipped through them before he found the one for what Castiel could only assume was the bathroom for the nurses and doctors on the ward, 'not like the patients were going to be able to get in there at any rate.
He felt safe at home, but Gabe had already pointed out that his refusal to leave the quickly fading smells of his boyfriend that still lingered in his bedclothes was starting to become a problem. And the diner was a no, because what if Barb asked him about Dean? Hiding and lying from his friends at school was already hard enough and Cas wasn't sure how much longer he could go on being dishonest with everyone who had been nothing but supportive of him since his first day at Lawrence High.
"Lucky for you I'm not too picky on that point," face-tattoo said smugly, striding back across the room to consult with the man who was connecting the final wires to the car battery.
He looked up when a body dropped heavily into the seat beside him, sighing loudly. It was a girl in green surgical scrubs and long white doctor’s coat, her red hair was pulled up in a messy bun and she was pretty in a way that was completely different from how Meg was, this girl was pale and willowy kind of like his younger sister and she was idly munching on a package of trail mix, the kind that you get out of vending machines. She nodded at Castiel in greeting when she noticed he was watching her.
He even played Pokemon for a little while, struggling terribly with the unfamiliar controller of the video game console and listening desperately to the pointers that Charlie was yelling at him until he got distracted by how great Dean looked when he was laughing and the girl snatched the controls back so that she could rescue his poor undertrained little skull dragon thingy from being destroyed. Cas knew that he was only making things worse for himself by hanging out with Dean.
"Anna? What's going on?" His gaze flickered up to Dean for a moment before he frowned deeply and turned away, putting his back toward the larger man and moving towards the doorway of the laundry room. "No. You did the right thing. Just get him in the car. Yes. Yes. I'll be right there. Just lock the car. I'm coming."
"No one does something for nothing, James." Crowley said seriously, frowning at his client. "What does she want from you for doing this? I mean, she must know that it's not real? Surely, you wouldn't be heartless enough to lead some poor girl on, I'm not even sure I could do that and I would sell my own mother if I needed a part for the Aston."
"Go commando?" Dean replied innocently, shrugging slightly. "More than you know, babe."
Castiel reached his room to find the door shut and and somehow barricaded from the inside because when he tried to open it he could only make it budge about an inch before it hit something sturdy and heavy on the other side. He pushed against the weight but only succeeded in hearing Rufus chuckle low and gleefully from the other side when Cas let out a frustrated groan.
He could almost picture the same thing happening to him, with Dean proposing in the snow and both of their faces so cold that it hurt to kiss because their icicle noses got in the way, but they were so happy that they didn't care. Castiel shook it off though, the daydream that was way too crazy to be thinking about and nodded in all the right places through Meg's story, hugging her and promising that nothing would make him miss their wedding even if it happened in the most remote place on earth.
something to off himself with the first sharp object he got his hands on, but then another part of of him thought of bolts; ones that were harmless until their sharp edges were used to slice open freckled skin in ways that would do the most possible damage. So he kept his mouth shut and tried to mask the awkward silence between he and the nurse by humming as he shaved, doing it as quickly as he possibly could without nicking himself.
The mechanic had told him that on no uncertain terms he was through. Through being a crutch and an enabler for someone who refused to get help, through being cursed at because he wasn't ashamed of what he was like John was, and through standing idly by while John drove his family into the ground with hatred and denial. Hearing Bobby say that he would kill him if he hurt Dean didn't scare John because part of him had been dead ever since he had pulled the trigger on Edgar Singer. That part had been rotting when he had gone out and slept with a too-sweet waitress in an effort to make himself into someone who could never kill another man.
"Suck it, Fergie!" Charlie said, doing a spinning kick to open a door that probably would have opened if she had just hit 'X'. "He totally thought you were straight, by the way. I now own the moon; you may visit me in my new kingdom of Moondoor, where I am the queen."
The boy smiled at Jo and experimentally tousled her hair in return causing her to giggle and bat his hands away. She made it seem so easy and he swallowed lump that had unexpectedly formed in his throat. It was just like messing around with Anna. Castiel chanced a glance at Ash who was watching his interactions with Jo with a smile on his face and then at Dean who was furiously scribbling at his homework and grumbling darkly to himself unconcerned with what was going on around him.
"Save me a dance?" The woman replied, biting her lip again and making Chuck's heart skip a couple of beats as he nodded dumbly back at her, ruining the smooth effect he had been going for by tripping over his own feet and almost falling before he turned back around to direct the students in their decorating.
his family, and he wanted to be a part of Cas's. Dean wanted to tell Cas about all of the shitty stuff that had driven him to California because that's where his younger brother was going and Sam was all the family he had left to protect. He wanted to hear about what had made the actor want to act in the first place. He wanted to kiss Cas on the street and neither of them care if it ended up on a website or not.
Castiel had given Dean an extra week and Meg had given him nothing but shit for it. Alternating between calling him a coward over the phone and taking him out for ice cream to make up for being mean to him.
None of those things were going to happen even though sometimes if felt like old age and pie were plotting behind his back to make him go soft around the middle, but that wasn't going to make Dean stop eating burgers and bacon and banana cream pie. No way. He was still in better shape them most guys his age anyway, so that made all those clichéd resolutions about going to the gym not something he was interested in either.
Dean grinned at him, settling his hands self-consciously in his lap before he looked up at Castiel under his eyelashes. "I thought I might have scared you off earlier, with the whole group thing. I wanted to give you time to change your mind."
Dean felt his face redden and he shifted in his seat, looking around the diner self-consciously as he thought about Castiel being all possessive and self-assured and sexy when they were alone together.
“Well thank god for that,” Dean muttered softly watching Castiel turn back to his makeup kit to wipe the foundation off the back of his hand before he pulled out a few different colored tubes of highlight and concealer to chisel out Dean’s face to look more feminine.
"Hey yourself," Castiel replied quietly, unsure of where he should possibly start with apologizing to Dean now that the other man was here with him in the flesh. There was so much he needed to say before he could ever hope to make amends, there was so much he needed to do, but try as he might he could not will his muscles to move.
Becky's eyes had softened towards Cas and she brought her hand down from her mouth to cover her throat, taking a couple of deep breaths before attempting to speak again.
(See the end of the chapter for
at the poker table and stinking of cheap bourbon, the cloying smell invading Dean's nose as he shouldered his father's weight and led him to his room, hoping that Sammy hadn't been woken up too. He had gone through the familiar motions of unceremoniously dumping his father into bed, removing his shoes, and then going through his pockets and wallet to try to calculate exactly how much John had lost that night. Sam had been sitting on the couch when he had returned to the living room, looking groggy and irritated.
He broke the embrace and twined his fingers through the free hand that Castiel had managed to place on Dean's waist. With a small tug and a smirk he led him through the back hallways of the bar, avoiding the large crowded main area so that Meg wouldn't ask him why he was ditching the rest of his shift and out to the parking lot.
Dean really hated airports. Mostly because of the terrible parking and how waiting at the baggage claim seemed to bring out the absolute worst in people; it was even more soul crushing than driving on the freeway during rush hour. But getting accidentally sucked into a passing jet engine seemed like a small price to pay in order to see his favorite almost uncle.
"Brought you a beer," he managed to choke out, grinning when Dean leaned in and wrapped an arm around his waist, tugging him close enough that their chests collided as the larger boy reached out to take one of the drinks out of his hand.
"Dean, most of the student body is already well aware of what you get up to with the people you date," the smaller boy said in a resigned kind of way.
The smaller boy disappeared into the hallway and Dean looked around his room for a second before he snatched the pillows off of Sam's bed and started towards the living room, he was surprised when he rounded the corner out of his room and ran face first into Castiel. The smaller boy grabbed onto Dean's neck and pulled him into a short heated kiss.
“What is your star sign?” Unknown Number 3:20pm
Castiel felt Dean's hands tense on his shoulders, pressing harder into the muscles in a way that didn't exactly hurt, but let him know that Dean was more than aware of how much strength his hands actually held and was just holding himself back most of the time. He looked up at the other patient to see Dean giving Charlie a small shake of his head that he stopped mid-shake when he realized Cas was watching him. His stricken features melted into a lopsided grin and Castiel smiled in return, confused a bit about Dean's reaction, but maybe it was just something he didn't like to talk about.
"Rules, Cas." Dean groaned, arching back until he could feel his actor's arousal pressing into the small of his back. "Are you going to talk or have sex with me?"
"I haven't forgot about you, Mr. Dark Horse," Dean promised, leaning in closer to Castiel and lowering his voice to a hushed murmur. "I just don't plan on asking you for coffee and scones when I beat you."
“So,” the queen blurted, spinning around briskly with the HUDA Beauty Obsessions Palette in one hand and a few brushes in the other. He tucked one behind his ear like a pencil, pausing for dramatic affect and hopefully to break the tension. “Who is your celebrity drag mother?”
"We can take a break, sweetheart." His boyfriend said softly, leaning down near his ear so that his t-shirt covered chest was against Castiel's back and pressing a kiss into his temple. "You don't have to tell me everything today. I don't want you to get upset, we'll get there. We have time."
But as they grow, humans become reckless and violent; self-sacrificing to a fault and stubborn in their own devotions to those they feel the need to keep safe. And yet they do not evolve a tough exterior to shield them from the harshness of living, allowing their own flesh to be wrent and blood to be spilt like they do not understand its preciousness.
"Fine, I'll pack a bag," Dean agreed, climbing stiffly to his feet and going back to stripping the bed and gathering up Cas's things that he had left at the apartment while trying to act like it wasn't breaking his heart by even pretending to be okay with erasing the love of his life from his room because it was. "What am I doing with Cas's stuff?"
"Don't talk about him like that," Castiel growled out at his father, causing Dean to look back at the smaller boy slightly startled. "Dean saved me when nothing else could. He fixed everything that you did, everything that you broke with your lies and your hatred. He loves everything about me that you don't and I love him."
As Dean stepped out of the stairwell he could hear a gaggle of raised voices tempered by the softer whines of children who had been jostled from their beds by their parents. He could also hear the heavily accented voice of the building’s superintendent, Artyom, insisting that there was ‘Notzing I can do. Ees blackout, whole ceetee.’
The Brit walked up the stairs slowly, pausing below Castiel with a wry smirk on his face as he reached out a hand to catch the collar of one of Dean's Henleys that he had worn in an effort to feel like the other man was there with him, carrying the weight of how difficult this all was even though they were apart. Balthazar's finger caught the soft material and pulled it to the side until the fading hickey that Dean had left on him was revealed, more of a sickly greenish-yellow color now that it had been over a week since the other man had left the mark on him.
"Fine," he heard the other man snap, shaking off the woman's hand and pointing a finger at her. "But I'm using your office."
"Yer goin' back ta school," Bobby said sternly, rounding on the younger boy to point a finger at him as he spoke. "I'm not about to put another one of my boys' futures in jeopardy over all of this."
Dean pumped hard into the other boy, breathing heavily and moaning each time he felt the other boy's tight, heat clench around him. He needed to touch Cas, feel that this boyfriend's heartbeat was as pounding and erratic as his own, this wasn't enough, they weren't close enough. He let go of Castiel's hips to grab onto his boyfriend's shoulders, pulling him back until Castiel was sitting on his dick, impaled as deeply as possible with his back pressed against Dean's chest as they moved together, grinding and panting with roving hands and sloppy kisses.
"You are going to get it, Gabs." Sam gasped casting about in the front yard for something that he could use against the other man before just giving up and tackling Gabriel to the ground, pinning the smaller man's arms to his sides. "Guys, a little help here?"
He smiled weakly when he thought of what the pairs' room probably looked like, Dean's portion covered in posters of swimsuit models looking a lot like Balthazar's half of their dorm had before the Brit started dating Meg and taking decorating advice from Castiel with Charlie's finger paintings encroaching on the other man's side like a primary colored disease spreading across the walls. Castiel thought about sticking up his mystery drawing on his own wall, but if the artist hadn't even signed it maybe they were shy and he could understand that so maybe he would just keep it to himself, keep it something private that might make him feel better if he started getting down.
He felt like they had more than made good on their plan the night before to outdo Crowley and Balthazar's decibel record in the bedroom. After their initial snafu in the bathtub, it had taken some convincing before Dean had let Cas do more than kiss him and even then the other man had been more gentle than usual, touching him like he was something fragile and breakable instead of a grown man who he regularly left bruises and bite marks on when they made love.
"I think he's cheating on me," Dean stated plainly, ignoring the look of disgust that flittered over the face of a little old lady who was window shopping as he walked past her.
"Francesca Woodman," Dean interrupted, pointing his finger at Becky with a teasing smile on his face. "If you stay you play, Becks. Woodman, photographer, concrete nosedive."
"I was on a mission," Dean said shortly, eyeing the form of the clone (that was a thing now right? If aliens were real, clones had to be real.) suspiciously. "Direct orders from Singer, the rest is classified."
"It's not a problem Castiel," he heard Becky saying as she furrowed her brow and shoved at something in the locker in front of her. "Just make sure you pick it up at the end of the day, I don't know if my books will fit around it."
"I'll be okay. I just-"he started, reaching out to touch the door again before he stopped himself when pain shot through his hand and he let out an unintended gasp.
The Brit had been surprisingly cool about the whole thing, even helping Cas when they decided to move in together and finding a new roommate that was a flight attendant or something and was never home to complain about his messes or his one night stands that Cas knew he was indulging in again now that he was single for the first time in almost four years. So it had all worked out, he had his
Castiel’s mouth quirked where it was pressed against the other man’s skin before he closed his own eyes and turned his focus to the beating of Dean’s heart, listening to the rush of precious, delicate life and wondering how anyone could bear to be without it.
"Yea, or something."
It was a lie, all of it it except for the ROTC part. Meg hadn't been calling him about the wedding, but she's texted him once or twice about all his stuff from Dean's apartment that he had just left there asking if he wanted her to bring it to him. And he's been ahead on his homework since before going to Chicago for the trial, hell he was ahead in pretty much all of his classes without even trying.
Sometimes when he got like this, he prayed. Even though he knew it would just float off into the ether and ever reach its intended target. He prayed because it was the only ritual left to him that made sense.
"It was crap before," the other girl spat, shaking his face in her hands one last time before moving towards the bookshelves and straightening Dean's Vonneguts that were still stacked between the other boy's plain, rustic looking bookends. "Do you really think he was happy before you came along, Cas? I had only met him a couple of times, but Dean Winchester was an emotionally constipated bundle of overly sexualized self-hatred and you made him into so much less of an asshole that now I can stand to be around him. You're a fucking miracle worker."
They took me to the hospital, the nurse said that I needed x-rays for my ribs and I was having a hard time staying conscious because of hitting my head. I remember there being a lot of blood, most of it was mine, but I'm pretty sure I got one of those assholes before they ganged up on me. Maybe broke his nose or something."
"Scoot over," Dean demanded, running a hand across the top of Castiel's head that was propped on one of the armrests of the couch.
"This is very sexy, Cas." Dean deadpanned, resolutely ignoring the sinking feeling in his stomach when he remembered how Victor had suddenly been abundantly stocked in condoms right before Dean had walked in on him with someone else.
"Roberta's," he replied arching back into his arms with a stretch and a sigh. "Your mom is on a vegan diet remember?"
"Why?" Castiel asked, holding the sweater out to Dean who took it like it was the Shroud of Turin or some other holy relic that he was honored to have. "What are you going to do?"
"You can go if you're scared," face-tattoo hissed, grabbing Dean's hair to tug his head back up when his chin drifted down towards his chest. "I'm not done with our pretty bird yet. He's going to be begging me to kill him, sing so sweet and so soft."
Castiel let out a shaky breath and clenched his fists in the sheets under his hands.
Bobby shook his head and looped a hand around the back of the younger man's neck in order to drag Castiel in for another hug. Fingers dug into the fabric of the worn denim work shirt that he was wearing and the younger boy let out harsh, wet sounding breaths against his chest as he fought to keep it together.
He decided to call her last when he got to the phone, needing to reassure himself that he still felt more for his best friend's girlfriend than he ever had anyone else; felt the coursing need to have her want him like he wanted her, to have her notice him so that when he did go and meet Dean he would know that whatever feelings he thought he might be having for the other man were just an anomaly and nothing as serious as what he felt for Meg. Because he was starting to have even more questions, ones that were stacked on top of each other until they pressed all of the air out of his lungs and the only time his mind wasn't flooded with them was when he was around Dean.
Cas got the distinct feeling that the action was one that had been honed to fine tuned and more than slightly bored precision over years and years of repetition. Kind of like how Castiel just knocked out the the motions of everyday life because that's what was expected of him. He wondered if Jim was just as miserable doing his job here as he was when he had a mountain of homework to do for his Fiscal Solvency class, was growing up just learning how to hide how unhappy you were with your life?
Castiel was pretty sure that Dean was mad at him about something, because otherwise why would he be punishing him like this?
"NO." Dean barked forcefully, letting the papers and folder fall to the floorboards of the derelict vehicle so that he could cup his boyfriend's face in his hands because they didn't matter, none of it mattered to him because it was in the past and all that was important now was Cas and making his boyfriend understand that he didn't have anything to apologize for.
It felt so silly and pathetic to be talking to his computer, but it made him feel better. Like maybe if he talked to Cas when he wasn't there then the other man would still be able to hear him somehow, like angels could when you said a prayer, and he would know that Dean was still thinking about him. That their short time together meant something more to him than just a random, meaningless hookup and even though it was creepy as hell Dean felt like he would sell his soul if it meant he could just see the other man one more time and tell him about the feelings that he couldn't quite name.
Castiel wandered into the dining room, feeling like a teenager sitting in the principal's office as he took the chair that Crowley pulled out for him and looked at the stack of glossy pictures on the table in front of him with studied disinterest.
"Where are you going?" She asked, grabbing onto his elbow softly causing Castiel to sigh frustratedly.
Dean thought, sitting up a little straighter and sucking in the slightly protruding paunch that he had started to get from overindulging on Rufus’s cooking at the station.
The guidance counselor regarded him with a shrewd look, pursing her lips and tapping her fingers on the desk near her mouse pad. "You realize that you're asking the impossible, right?"
"I can't be enough for him, Gilda." Castiel choked out, feeling foolish and self conscious for being so emotional in front of most of the school. The principal was standing near their table giving them a concerned look and she had always scared the shit out of Cas, but now she was probably feeling sorry for him just like everyone else. "I'll never be good enough for Dean. It's just a matter of time before he sees that, sooner or later he'll realize that I'm just a freak who doesn't know how to dance. And I love him, but that isn't enough sometimes, people still hurt you even when you love them."
Looking back now, it should've been glaringly obvious that Daniel needed to be drunk to kiss him, Castiel knew that coming to terms with your sexuality was not an easy thing for some people so he watched Dean for signs that he was regretting their encounter in the hallway. Kept a close eye on how much he was drinking and how he was interacting with their friends now that Jo had gone and announced their kiss to anyone who bothered to listen.
"So, your boyfriend. What's he like?" he asked as her keys jangled while she unlocked her front door.
It was enough for Dean that Cas was working on getting past being scared of what might happen if someone saw them together. Usually they were with their group of friends so it didn't matter what anyone else thought because no one ever got close enough to try to say something to them, even when they got dirty looks from other people when Dean would lean over Castiel at his locker and brush his hair out of his face or when they would just be staring at each other in class or gym with matching goofy smiles on their face, having a silent conversation about what was going on around them that everyone else just mistook as them being hopelessly in love.
The pair hung around the house, with Jo talking about how she was almost ready to forgive Adam for the whole Michael debacle and Dean chiming in every now and then with his opinion on the matter, which was that the girl shouldn't be mad at the younger boy in the first place because it wasn't his fault that his cousin was a weirdo just like it wasn't Dean's fault that John was an asshole.
"Meg said couples fight," the other boy muttered. "She said her and Luc fight about stupid shit all of the time, sometimes you have to just walk away before you say something that you can't fix with a blow job."
“My deal with the Shadow. They return me to heaven to wait for you and I never disturb their sleep again,” the angel explained easily, earning a dumbfounded laugh from the hunter that quickly morphed into hysterical giggles interspersed with tears.
Charlie rolled her eyes and made a face as Crowley brushed haughtily past her, stopping in front of Dean and Castiel with a distinctly unpleasant curl to the corners of his mouth as he regarded them both.
"Did not, "Ash protested. "Guy invented FM radio, he's the reason we're all going to get brain tumors. Jumped out of a building."
Castiel took a deep breath and nodded, he could handle that. They could go without labels; he didn't need to call someone his boyfriend to know that they meant something to him. Dean was also giving him control of their situation, which Castiel hadn't even known that he needed so badly until now. It was something that had been lacking with Daniel, he had never known which encounter would be their last and when the end had come, he hadn't been prepared for how hard he would take it.
“Well, sorry you girls are getting jealous that he looks better than you,” Dean started, smirking at the gasps and looks of shock that earned him from the entire group, not just the girls. “But unless all of you want to make friends when the front end of a bus I think you should reign in the Mean Girls act. It’s not very becoming.”
"He has his reasons for being the way he is," the older man said softly, sounding regretful in ways that Dean didn't understand because its not like Bobby had done anything but be there for John; sticking up for him every time someone called him an ignorant drunk or a bad father even when those someones were people like Ellen and Sheriff Mills.
He hadn't even realized that he had been doing that, paying for everything for Dean even though they rarely left the confines of either his rented house or the other man's apartment. But Castiel had, paying for take-out anytime they ordered it and having Alfie put gas into the Impala when Dean complained about having to drive the big black car the distance between their homes all of the time. He had almost offered Dean the use of Darla, something he never ever did because she was his baby and he only trusted a few mechanics in Los Angeles to even touch her, but the car was too conspicuous, too recognizable and flashy for him to let the other man be seen driving it around while the paparazzi were still trailing after him everywhere.
“Oh,” Dean said, grinning as he took the card, giving it a glance before tucking it into his back pocket. “Yea, I’ll call you.”
"But at Jo's party, you were flirting with him and then when he came back later it was to talk to you. You guys slept in that fucking hammock together for christ's sake and I know for a fact that that thing is not comfortable."
"Don't be," Charllie said, pulling his hands away from his face with a laugh. "Most people erm...take care of business in the shower, but if you need a bed to get you off then I can be your wank guard. Keep look out so that no one walks in on you or anything, but you might want to try to be a little quieter."
"With you sweetheart, always." Dean murmured softly, turning Castiel over onto his back and moving in to place a soft, sensuous kiss on his lips.
Featured like him, like him with friends possess'd,
"No more books," Bobby grumbled, stacking up the study guides and thick library books that Castiel had borrowed to use as references for his paper on the counter top and pushing the folded pile of clothes and shoes towards Castiel with an apologetic nod. "Doctor's orders."
So Cas didn't trust him or Cas couldn't be trusted, it was all so twisted and warped and wrapped up in the desire he had to just grab the other man and anger bang him until the world knew what they meant to each other. He wanted to hurt someone, he wanted to swim out into the ocean until his muscles seized up and he slipped beneath the waves and this stopped being a problem, he wanted to rip Cas to shreds because the other man was fake and plastic just like everything else in his life. He wanted to run, so he did.
"Guess I was asleep longer than I thought," Cas muttered as he rubbed at the back of his neck, self-conscious because the older man had walked in on him and Dean in an almost intimate position.
"I'm ok," she said, taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly. "Just talking about it makes me think of how you looked that day…how if I had gone over to Lori's house you might have…"
"This thing is more complicated than some of the engines I've seen, Cas. I had no idea that you were like, this famous. Maybe all of this is a bad idea."
He had found out that that first stream of texts from the other man, asking for his birthday and other various details had been so that one of the bar's regular's, an astrologist cum psychic named Pam, could do a compatibility reading for him and the green-eyed Aquarius. Cas and Alfie had made fun of Dean all week for being so superstitious, earning a scowl from the bartender who told them to laugh it up, he didn't like to leave things to chance. Castiel had filed away the memory of Dean tossing spilt salt over his shoulder while he cooked, vowing to himself that he would never again open an umbrella indoors as long as he was with the other man.
All of the bedrooms were upstairs, four smaller guest rooms situated along one side of the hallway and two bigger, master bedrooms along the side that faced the back of the house. The guest rooms were done up in tasteful, bland shades of tan and inoffensive browns all the way down to the towels in the bathrooms that joined each pair of rooms together. One master bedroom, Castiel knew Crowley would take, had probably picked out the house specifically because it was decorated with deep reds and blacks, dangerous and dark looking just like his manager liked.
"Don't even think about lying to me, Winchester." She continued. "I've dealt with you treating me like shit this whole time because of how Cas feels about you. If anyone deserves to know, it's me."
"Yea, Casey." He muttered giving her the smirk and the wink that usually worked when he was trying to get a girl to do something. "Sounds great. Talk to you later, bye."
"Finally," Jo grumbled from the worn arm chair she was sitting in, messing around on her phone with a disinterested look on her face. "You guys took forever."
"So you've met him? He's a good guy, he's gonna treat her right and stuff?"
Castiel glanced over at the drawing and flinched back when he saw that it indeed wasn't the type of beaver he had been thinking of either. He shook his head at the other man, a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth as he turned back to his list.
"Whatever," Ash replied, folding up the drawing and shoving it in the pocket of the flannel button down he was wearing over a faded Lynard Skynard t-shirt. "Everyone's a critic. Becky draws nothing but dicks in there and Lisa just kisses her ass about it, but one fucking pussy and everyone freaks out. You didn't want to get in on the drawing action?"
"Is Dean mad at me? Where is he going? Did I do something wrong?" Castiel asked quickly, his heart beating hard in his chest because they had
Dean though he didn't understand. His eldest son had always been a ladies' man, hell John had seen his son stumbling home more than once, neck stained candy apple red by some little tart's lipstick and reeking of perfume-a smell that stuck out like a sore thumb in the masculine only scents that lingered in the apartment. Sure, there had been that thing with Ellen's nephew when Dean was a kid, but nothing since then. Nothing that had made him worry that his son could have the same confusing urges that he had had at that age for other men, nothing that he didn't think he hadn't taken care of when he had beat the lesson into Dean after that first time.
"Did his other programs end with people kissing as well?" Castiel asked, his eyes flickering briefly to a very sexualized commercial for salad dressing that Dean remembered Kevin and Sam talking about it being controversial for some stupid reason, Dean couldn't see anything wrong with it, before the curious blue-eyed gaze of the other man returned to Dean. "I have been wondering all year, trying to see if they did it on other shows, but they never have. It is unique to only this show."
Cas was pretty if you looked up suicidal in the dictionary, you would see a big picture of him. He knew he was asking for trouble by going back to the bar, but as soon as Alfie had crossed over onto the bay area peninsula he was making up some excuse about meeting with Roche for some pre-production celebratory drinks at Dean's bar, which wasn't a complete lie.
Dean looked for a job as a mechanic, it was what he had done in Kansas after all and with references from Rufus and Bobby he figured it would be a breeze. He was wrong, everyone wanted someone who worked on foreign cars, Audis and Benzs, or who did custom paints jobs and airbrushing on tricked out Escalades and El Caminos. Dean just wanted to work on old cars, leave all of the fancy finishing touches to someone who didn't think that every car should only be painted black like his own 1967 Impala was.
After realizing that, Castiel got up, went about his normal routine like it was just another day. Like he was going up to campus to meet his GRE study group or to do some homework at the coffee shop near the library that was always quiet on the Sunday mornings after Meg stayed over. He liked to leave early on those days because it was weird for him to see the other girl walking around his and Balthazar’s apartment in just the other man’s V-neck shirts that were too large for her, but not large enough to provide full coverage when she would stretch up on tiptoe to reach the coffee mugs they kept on the top shelves in the cabinet.
"My point being, Cas," Jo continued, sitting down on the edge of the tub with her legs stretched out in front of her as she swirled the steadily foaming water with the tips of her fingers. "Dean fucks up, a lot. A measurement which we both know is an understatement, but whatever he did this time. It isn't your fault, no matter what he might have said when he was angry. So the fact that you're sitting here beating yourself up over it is ridiculous. If he isn't going to answer your calls or speak to you then you just need to give him his space. It's just going to make him more determined that you're better off without him if he finds out that you're sitting around torturing yourself."
"My problem," Castiel began, grinding his teeth a bit when he saw that Dean's newest dance partner had a bad habit of letting her hands wander and that his boyfriend wasn't doing anything to stop it. "Is that you don't know the first thing about what it's like to be discriminated against or hated for being homosexual. You walk around with your petitions and your sad little story about not being able to go to a dance with your girlfriend like you are some kind of martyr. But you aren't. You're just another silly high-schooler who is in love with someone who doesn't want them, just like Dean doesn't want me. So I guess we're just fucking perfect together, Gilly. Let's start a club about that."
The older man still had exaggerated nightmares about it, picturing things being much worse than they actually had been because he hadn't gotten to see Cas until he was already in the emergency room, stashed behind a curtain with a tube running down his throat as the half-digested pills were pumped out of his stomach. Gabriel had been hiding out at Kali's house, avoiding his father who he did nothing but lie to in those last, final days before all the shit that their lives had become was revealed and the call had come from Anna via a courtesy phone in the ER while the police hunted down their father for questioning about what exactly had been going on in the basement of their Pontiac home.
"Well," Dean began, clearing his throat when he heard how thick his voice sounded. "Cas, you're the nicest thing I've ever seen."
"Shut up!" his girlfriend said covering her face with her hands and stalking out behind Gilda who was muttering about wanting to rip her eyes out.
"Okay, then. Welcome to the family, man." He offered Gabriel a hand across the table and the two shook hands amicably. "Just uh…maybe you shouldn't tell dad, Sam. Not for a while. We'll have to get him used to the idea. And, no making out on my bed! Or the couch! I will burn it, I swear."
"Bartender!" Meg shouted, gesturing between her and Cas as Dean slipped behind the counter, rolling up the sleeves on his button down and beginning to arrange things how he liked. "We're gonna need some shots down here. Chop chop!"
"Oh this is serious," Meg said pulling an exaggerated frowny face and scooping up the other six seasons of the television show, dumping them in a heap on the floor in front of Dean's television and DVD player. "You're totally hung up on this guy. That means a marathon!"
Dean took Meg's advice and went off to find himself a stiff drink before he was forced to talk to Castiel and fix this whole fucking mess that they had somehow gotten themselves into. All he had in his system was the pie he had eaten at Bobby's house earlier in the day and about half a bottle of his dad's whiskey from the day before. Oh, yea and some tacos that he had made Sam go out and get him when he had been in his bed crying over that damn cover of fucking
"Not at all, Mr. Winchester," Mrs. Barnes replied, her voice dripping with a mixture of amused sarcasm and boredom. "We're honored you've decided to join us. Now if everyone will turn to the sixth page of your handbook…"
Cas frowned a bit and looked down at his hands, "But they've only been together for a little over a month."
John had just been leaving when Sam had arrived home from his debate club meeting, headed out to catch the mid-week specials at whatever dive was dumb enough to still give the older Winchester an open tab. Naturally, Sam had taken advantage of the empty apartment to continue his texting with one infuriatingly appealing Gabriel Novak.
"It's more complicated than that ma," Castiel said gently, smiling widely as Dean ushered Meg and Charlie onto the cable car ahead of him before grabbing onto the nearest pole next to the seats the two girls picked; he followed suit and ignored the pointed way Charlie cleared her throat when he allowed himself to sway into the solid wall of Dean's side as the car started up the next ascent. "You're going to see some stuff in the gossip rags, but I'll call you when I'm in a place where I can talk about it more. Long story short, I think you're really going to like my girlfriend."
"Put the phone away, ya idgit!" Bobby growled, making an agitated swipe for the flip phone in Dean's hand.
"I can interact with people," he replied weakly, banging his head softly on the wall behind him and just wishing that it would be enough that his skull might cave in and put him out of his misery already. "I haven't been answering your texts because I'm interacting with people. I'm not a complete social reject."
“I knew you were a faggot, Winchester,” The boy in front of him sneered, his eyes flickering to the boy behind him and then up and down in disgust. “Whatever, you won’t be around to protect this freak all the time. We’ll get him eventually.”
Dean let go of Castiel's hand and sat back to give the other boy some space, "I'll get you some water, Cas."
"Blue," Anna said softly. "I should have known it would be a blue suit."
"Alright everyone, on the count of three," Meg replied brightly, smushing her face against Cas's hard enough that his other cheek was forced to rest against Dean's shoulder. "One...Two...Say Cheese!"
"And why not?" Charlie asked innocently, glancing quickly at Castiel before she cleared her throat and turned back to Dean. "I'll get Ellen to Google it if you don't believe me."
"Have you broken in that bathtub yet?" Dean breathed, thinking of the deeply sunken Jacuzzi tub with its jet sprays that was more than big enough for the both of them. "I'll wash your hair for you."
His funeral crashing days were most definitely over, but maybe his tank dunking days had just begun.
"Whatever, loser." Dean muttered giving the smaller boy another quick kiss before heading back to his still running car.
"Liar," Castiel muttered half-heartedly. "I really hate you, y'know?"
"He's not," Castiel corrected quickly. "It's not a...it's not that. I'm not in a place where I can explain it right now. Listen, ma. I'll send you picture of hi-her so that you can see what they look like and I promise I will call you when I get home. It should just be a few hours."
Balthazar always seemed to be dressed to impressed even though when off camera the contestants spent most of their time playing cards in their hotel, forbidden to go out for even a nightcap by their contracts and an ever watchful security team. They also couldn’t have cell phones, web access, watch the news, or have any contact whatsoever with their family and friends; which was a whole separate bitch in and of itself. One thing that all of the contestants had agreed on though was that their rooms had great mini bars, an even better porn selection, and more than enough take-out menus to suit every possible taste.
"It is, isn't it?" Castiel said, letting his mouth quirk up when he thought of all of the artist jargon his mom would be spewing out if one of her students had turned this in to her. He figured that it would all be good and it would have made her laugh when she noticed the secret message on the tag. "I just wish I knew who left it."
They had only turned on the lamp that was on his bedside table and his dark, heavy curtains blocked out most of the fading afternoon light that was reflecting off of the snow outside, but still he could see Dean's shadow as the other boy climbed onto the bed, straddling his upper thighs before he felt a soft brush of fingers on his neck. Cas buried his face in his arms and focused on how he was breathing so that he wouldn't start having a panic attack once the words finally worked their way out.
"I just assumed you've taken care of it, Crow. That's your job after all. Making sure my fuck ups don't reach my adoring fans."
"It doesn't matter," the man controlling the battery murmured, licking his lips nervously as he glanced at face-tattoo briefly before continuing to speak. "An asset like him...someone is coming for him. We should just kill him and go already."
"He told you that?" the boy said smiling shyly.
“Little young for you, isn’t he Jo?” Ash drawled, not looking up from his phone.
"Oh," he replied dumbly, climbing awkwardly to his feet and heading up towards the witness stand. He had to remember not to touch his hair, Anna had been practically gluing it to his head and Cas had promised her he wouldn't mess it up.
“Well, anyway,” Jody continued, looking over Dean’s shoulder as another few mourners milled into the room. “Please enjoy yourself and have fun.”
"Unless you plan on kissing someone I wouldn't worry about shaving," Rufus grumbled, kicking at the covers around his feet for a moment before turning his back on Castiel who was now blushing furiously and frantically trying to remember if he had made any noises when he had woken up coming in his fucking pajama pants that morning. What if he had said Dean's name? Shit, it was fully fucking possible, it wouldn't be the first time that he had talked in his sleep.
He looked up, eyes swimming with tears from the pain in his chest and his head and his memories, to see Raphael standing in front of him, having jumped up from his seat at the defendant's table to walk briskly across the courtroom past the stunned looking bailiff who had only just started moving to stop him to lean across the front of the witness stand so that he could whisper softly to his younger brother. The judge was desperately trying to get back control of the courtroom, banging his gavel and calling for order and threatening to hold Raphael in contempt if he didn't sit down right now.
It wasn’t the first time that Castiel had thought about killing himself, it wasn’t even the second or the fifth or the twentieth. But usually it was a fleeting thought, something along the lines of ‘Oh my god, I will just kill myself if I don’t pass this test’ that he didn’t really mean and he would forget about almost as soon as he was reassured by one of his family members over the phone or one of his few friends that he studied enough and put so much effort into school that he had nothing to worry about.
"If we get tired of it, we can turn it off." He replied with a shrug before he slid down to curl up on his side on his half of the couch, head laying on the armrest. "I've seen it like a billion times."
She had been there for Dean’s eleventh birthday party when John got the call from his boss that they needed him and his team in Arizona to figure out something that was going on with an endangered species and an aquifer. Bobby had told her later that his new friend had politely told his boss where to shove it before he had offered John a job at his auto shop; having an engineer who knew his way around an Oldsmobile had done wonders for business.
They meandered back over to the large round table that the gang had claimed as their own for the night, the girls abandoning their purses there since Cas had been watching over them all evening and the boys steadily losing their suit jackets as the room had warmed up from the body heat of the assembled students. Jo and Adam were sitting there with Cas who was wringing his hands and watching the dancing couples nervously.
“Yea, I’m a one woman man myself,” Dean said, putting an arm across the queen’s shoulders and pulling him against his side. “Holly strikes me as the jealous type anyway, am I wrong Cas?”
He’s never been much of a morning person.
He had come in from the cold balcony to find Dean and Becky having what looked to be an intense conversation over near the bed so he had taken up a spot on the couch next to Jo and Adam who were cuddled up together looking tired and idly flipping through the millions of channels on the hotel television. Castiel hadn't seen Ash or Krissy in a while and just assumed that they were off somewhere making out because it wouldn't be the first time the couple had disappeared without telling anyone where they went.
“You uh...gotta pen or something?” Lexi asked, making Benny’s eyebrows furrow in confusion. “For my phone number, my cell.”
"Bro," Ash drawled, clinking a handful of bottles down on the table and before shoving his hand into Krissy's purse and rifling around.
A cold heart and an altered state of mind
"God, that's what this is about?" She breathed, gingerly sitting down on the edge of the bed next to him. Keeping enough space so that Dean knew she obviously didn't want to do this just as much as he didn't. "You dad didn't like your fucking girlfriend so he beat the shit out of you? Oh jesus, is she okay? Did he hurt her too? Is she going to the cops?"
"Consider it noted," Crowley replied, trying to joke in that bland way that Balthazar liked, but didn't really come across to everyone. Meg laughed though, sounding slightly pained and excusing herself for a moment to dart back behind towards the mirrored hallway.
(See the end of the chapter for
His phone buzzed loudly on the coffee table in front of him, where he had tossed it down in frustration when he had settled on the couch. He reached out a shaky hand to check the message and let out a strangled whimper when he had read it.
"Stop staring at me like we haven't been fighting for a week," He snapped, crossing his arms over his chest and rolling his eyes when he heard Coach Wisdom still talking about how Kevin started that fight at the dance and he didn't understand why the whole baseball team had to suffer because of some freshman.
The nurse's voice snapped him out of his Dean-induced stupor, made him realize that he and Dean were just staring at each other over their corner of the table; foreheads so close they were almost pressed together and hands closest to each other tangled together underneath the table. Around them the rest of their tablemates had gone about their conversations, either tactfully ignoring or not caring about the intimate way that Dan and Castiel had arranged themselves.
He couldn't think of a reason why Dean would have put all of his stuff out into the hallway, but maybe it hadn't been his boyfriend. Maybe it had been John just continuing on his downward spiral of hatred and vindictiveness and this was meant to break him so that he wouldn't want to keep looking for Dean, but Cas had made some important decisions back when he first started this. Back when Dean had first pushed him up against the wall outside of the very apartment he was standing in and kissed him in his wings and he had been so happy and stunned that he thought he would faint, he had decided then that the only thing that would make him leave Dean would be Dean telling him to go.
Dean saw some other couples from school as they made their way through the restaurant, following their friend towards the large table at the back that had been reserved for their big party. Becky and Garth were already there, the girl wearing a white dress that looked disconcertingly like a wedding dress and Ash and Krissy were dressed in matching matte black from head to toe, looking thoroughly bored with everything but each other. Adam waved at them and rolled his eyes as he shrugged back on his jacket, Jo plopping down with an irritated huff next to him.
He kept reminding himself that it was all worth it, everything he did to prove himself to his certifiably insane father that he was 'fixed' or whatever so that he could just get away and get back to Cas. Surely, he would forgive him; Cas had to forgive him because if he didn't then Dean would never be able to forgive himself. This already felt like the biggest mistake of his life and he had said as much to Lexi after he came, which had taken a while because even though his nerve endings kept saying that having sex with the call girl was nice and warm and tight like it was supposed to be when you had sex, biology couldn't override the memories of Cas and how his face had looked after just seeing him talking to Cassie that one fucking time or imagining how much worse the expression would be when he told the other boy about this.
They were dark silver, looked antique and they were probably something that had belonged to the grandfather on his dad's side that John never talked about. Octagonal in shape with a raised fleur de lis pattern; they reminded Dean of the filigree that had been on the gun he had borrowed from Bobby for his Halloween costume. There was an engraving around the edge of each cufflink, written so small that Dean could barely make it out when he tried to read it, something in a foreign language that he knew wasn't Spanish and was pretty sure wasn't French either so that left him with no one to ask what 'Non timebo mala' meant.
"That sounds great, Sammy," Dean replied tiredly, waving his brother towards the living room so that the younger boy could entertain himself with the television or something while Dean was getting ready. "Give me fifteen and then we'll go."
Cas had fingered himself before, imagining that it was Elvis or Daniel or Dean touching him and stretching him as he masturbated. But two fingers was the most he had ever done and Dean's fingers were thicker than his own so when his boyfriend pushed into him it felt full and tight and caused his cock to twitch because that part of him knew where that kind of touching led and it calmed the small part of him that had doubted it was going to feel as good with Dean who probably hadn't ever done this with a guy before, if at all.
"Cas, honey," the woman began again, giving him a sweet smile as she reached out a hand to squeeze his forearm. "It was really good to see you again. But as as my charming watchdog has just reminded me, I've got to get to work. I'm running late, actually. So maybe I'll see you around again, a church pot-luck or something?"
"I think I came on too strong," Dean admitted sitting up and wrapping his arms around himself. "I told him I couldn't get enough of him and asked if he had a boyfriend. Maybe he wasn't looking for something serious."
"About...before," Dean started, running his fingers along the edge of the paper under his hand. "I'm...its wasn't fair of me...I'm sorry. I shouldn't have reacted like that about the doctor and stuff, you were just trying to take care of me."
All of his safe places held memories of Dean because that's who had made him feel like he could be safe again after everything that had happened with his father. Dean had been the one to show him that it was okay to be exactly who he was and that his feelings were valid even if no one else understood them. Part of him realized that he was just acting pathetic and weak, but another, larger part screamed that it wasn't pathetic that he hadn't felt whole since Dean had disappeared; without Dean he wasn't. It felt like he was missing some vital part of himself- a limb or a lung, something was really really wrong with him.
Jo was waiting for them outside with a annoyed expression on her face that didn't take away from her stunning, strapless red dress that was revealed when she took off Adam's tuxedo jacket that she had been wearing as she paced around outside until Dean and Cas showed up. It was that fancy Italian place that Dean had never in a million years thought about going to because he liked burgers and Bobby's were better than most of the places around town. Plus they required you to have reservations and made you wear dinner jackets and stuff so it was more than a bit out of his price range.
"I told you," Gabriel gasped as the younger man's teeth grazed his skin. He used the hand that wasn't stroking Sam to undo his belt and button fly so that there would be less separating him from sliding against the other boy in that delicious, spine-tingling way that Gabriel craved about 97% of the time that they spent together. "I didn't know that costume would be that hard to get off. But you looked so sexy in those tights, Moose. We should get you another pair."
"Well, maybe things will work out. Y'know karma and all of that bullshit. Good things happen to good people."
When the heads of their cocks brushed together as the thrust into each other's hands, both boys groaned loudly, with Dean clutching the sheets next to Castiel's head as the smaller boy dug his nails into the boy above him's back. Dean moved closer so that every he and Cas stroked upwards their hands would meet and he could feel the other boy's precome mixing with is own to lubricate the movement of Cas's hand on his dick. The smell of sex hung heavy in the air and Dean felt overwhelmed by how much he loved the other boy and wanted to never leave this bed or this room if it meant that they wouldn't have to face a world that hated them again.
One time the host had arrived an hour late with Starbucks and a hickey the size of a mid-sized principality on the underside of his jaw. The queens had shared amused looks before going on to do the funnest mini-challenge of the season so far; a matching game that used the butts of the Pit Crew as cards. Castiel suspected that he hadn’t been the only queen flustered by the glistening abs and generous bulges of the Pit Crew in their speedos, but for the sake of Sam and Zeke (Gabby’s two regular Pit Crew men who’d, of course, participated in the challenge as well) Castiel had tried his best not to ogle too much even though he was going through the driest, dry spell of the century.
The smaller boy reached down and cupped Dean's erection through his boxers and the larger boy's eyes widened in sudden realization. His boyfriend pressed down on him as he used his free hand to pull down the form-fitting navy boxers he was wearing, still stroking Castiel as the smaller boy's slim fingers wrapped around his own substantial length.
“I”m bi, alright?” Dean blurted, clapping his hands together once to cap off the statement and make him feel slightly less vulnerable.
"Of course man," Dean said with a smile, searching through the cabinets until he found the pans and utensils he would need to try to replicate Bobby's burgers. "Just uh...if you'll get the patties together I'll go light the grill and Cas will get all of the fixin's carved up for us, right sweetheart?"
Gabriel
"DEAN!" Meg shrieked, flailing around for the remote control that she had dropped in her excitement over whatever it was that she had seen on the screen. "Get the fuck in here! Holy shit, Dean you are never going to believe this. Fuck, I don't fucking believe it. Tell me I'm not seeing things here."
He could still feel the warm, solid weight of Dean’s arm as it had draped across the back of his seat and then pulled him flush against his side as they had traversed the crowded hallway. The contact had surprised him at first, but then made him strangely at ease, relaxed in his own skin for the first time in months. The smell of motor oil, cedar, and spice that had invaded his senses as they had sat shoulder to shoulder in the darkened classroom was still competing for space in his mind against the newer smells of the various foods in the cafeteria.
a morning person," Balthazar announced as he meandered into the kitchen, thankfully clad in a pair of oversized pajama pants with his silk robe knotted loosely around his waist. "So caffeinate me first and then we'll come up with a way to fix your little romance drama so that you can come back to work."
When he came back out, he saw Charlie chatting amicably with a slender dark haired man who was tying one of the shop’s maroon aprons over skinny jeans and a black t-shirt. Dean noted wide shoulders and a pretty perky butt before Charlie realized that Dean was coming and pointed out his presence to her companion.
He rinsed the shampoo out of his hair and stretched his muscles one last time under the hot water before turning it off and wrapping his towel around his hips. He grabbed his workout clothes and went to get the clothes he had been wearing earlier in the day, but was stopped short when he saw that the locker room was full of tired, hulking football players. They were very quiet, shucking off their shoulder pads and helmets and hardly looking at each other. He moved cautiously through the group, like a gazelle that had accidently stumbled into a pack of dozing lions, to his locker sparing a glance at Dean who was leaning up against the locker next to him with his head in his folded arms.
Castiel gave Jo a glance before grumbling in his deep voice, "Adios."
Meg replied making a retching sounding into the phone.
Castiel shook his head at Dean, but smiled and uncrossed his arms to hold them out to the larger boy in a consoling way. Gabriel watched his little brother's boyfriend cross the room and drop heavily in Cas's lap, burying his face in the smaller boy's neck and saying that he needed brain bleach. Gabriel glanced at Sam who just rolled his eyes at his older brother's dramatics.
He yelled the last part towards the door, hoping that he was being obnoxious enough that Sam would realize how much of a bitch he was being by not just going back to Gabriel's house to fool around with the other man. Not that Dean especially wanted the apartment empty for any particular reason, but his phone was in there and he needed his clothes for work in the morning, otherwise he would just ask Cas if he could crash on his couch or something.
Dean nodded in agreement, but forced a smile on his face when Cas plopped down gingerly beside him, nudging at Gabriel with his foot so the older man would scoot over on the floor so Anna could sit beside him, having appeared suddenly from down the hallway.
Weekend is a real movie and its on Netflix and its super awesome so watch it and have all of the feels.
“Today is easy. Put both your names on a piece of paper and then each of your needs to write one word that describes how this sonnet makes you feel. After you finish, you can do whatever. If you stay, stay quietly or you can cut out early to go to lunch. I don’t really care. Leave your papers in a pile on my desk when you leave.”
Charlie still seemed unconvinced by Dean speech, the red hair in front of her face swaying as she shook her head back and forth as her roommate spoke. The other man seemed perturbed by her continuing denial and looked pleadingly at Cas for him to add something that might make Charlie stop doubting herself so much.
"Well, tossing all your stuff out like a little bitchy drama queen is already pretty stupid," Meg mused, digging out a pair of jeans and one of Cas's band t-shirts that she tossed at his chest when she moved to plop back down on the couch. "Go on, go change and then you can help me with this. We'll give Deano sometime to cool off and then you two can get all kissy faced and make up again, kay?"
“Go ahead,” Castiel called over his shoulder as he headed into the kitchen, frantically tearing off his apron as soon as he was through the doorway and throwing it into a random cabinet. “I’ll just be a minute.”
"Yea, that's probably it." Gabriel muttered getting right up into Dean's face and shifting his gaze back and forth between his eyes.
Castiel especially seemed like he didn't know what to do with his hands that were fidgeting on the tabletop as he smiled and forced chit chat with the students he didn't know every well. When Dean reached over and put his hand on top of the other boy's, stilling his anxious movements and leaning over to drop a kiss on the side of Castiel's face without stopping his conversation with the rest of the group, Chuck decided to include the gesture in his novel.
"Well, if he keeps not being an asshole all the time maybe I'll reconsider treating him like a person. But seriously, Clarence. What did he say to you? Did he tell you that he liked you?"
The first time that the other boy kissed him in the snow, straddling his hips and sliding a hand up to smush more of the icy coldness into his hair as the cold winter sunlight framed his head above Dean like a halo well, he would've been content to stay there forever. Even though the snow was melting underneath him and seeping through his clothes as they kissed lazily in front of the Novak house, causing him to shiver as the chilly water reached his skin.
While their first kiss had been nothing like what Castiel had always dreamt it would be, it was still wholly intoxicating to him to have the other boy take the initiative to show him how much he wanted him. Dean's hands moved to his waist and he felt the other boy's chest press up against his own as the spicy, scent of his friend filled his nostrils when Castiel inhaled deeply. He pulled the larger boy's lower lip into his mouth and nibbled on it slightly, causing Dean's hold on him to tighten and Castiel made a mental note of the other boy's reaction.
When it was over Castiel let out a soft sigh and the hot, damp air on his neck made Dean turn around to see his friend smiling softly. "How many times have you seen this?"
Dean just shrugged when Meg looked back at him with a terrified expression on her face before pulling out his phone and shooting off a message to Charlie that she and Cas better start coming up with the details of their whole stupid lie.
Becky had squealed loudly in glee before her face fell and she whirled around and hit Garth on the arm, complaining that he made her miss it. Ash had hauled Dean into a short, manly hug that ended with both boys patting each other on the back and the larger boy blushing madly. Jo and Adam pulled Dean to the side for a couple of moments while Castiel got his first drink and tried to ignore how Adam's cousin was watching him with an interested look on his face. When he came back, Dean had looped and arm around his shoulders and led him away as Jo and Adam had an argument about him not telling her about Castiel's blind date with his "creepy, grease ball cousin".
"Bullshit, Benjamin Bratt came into the bar the other day and that guy is a total DILF with a 'Y'." Meg joked, nudging Dean in the side softly with her elbow.
Dean's second thought was that the layout of Meg's apartment was this weird mirror image of his own and it kinda freaked him out a bit, but at least he would be able to find the bathroom without having to ask anyone.
“Maybe you should just...show me where they are,” Mr. Novak--Cas, in his head Dean could call him Cas, said haltingly, his teeth biting into his plush lower lip.
Meg said teasingly.
He held onto Cas with one arm splayed across his boyfriend's broad chest and the other wrapped firmly around his waist, thrusting up into the other boy as hard as he could while he bit down onto the juncture of his boyfriend's neck and shoulder. Dean moved his hand down to wrap around Castiel's hard, leaking erection, stroking in time with how he moved his hips because he was close. He was going to fall over the edge and he wanted Castiel to go with him, telling the smaller boy with murmured demands against the shell of his ear.
He hadn't expected to find his bed empty when he returned. Dean looked around the small space confusedly, checking the bathroom and small kitchen before he finally noticed that the note he had left had been moved to the small table close to the door where he usually ditched his car keys and wallet when he walked in the door. Underneath his written note, there was another added on in small neat handwriting that was so different from his own messy barely legible scrawl.
His phone rang from inside his pocket, trumpeting out ‘Paperback Writer’ by The Beatles and letting him know without looking that it was his dad calling him. Weird, Chuck normally wasn’t up this early on Sundays, he used to bat away Castiel’s mom on mornings when she was trying to rouse the older man to go to church, saying if God wanted him to get up then he needed to come down and drag him out of bed himself.
The fact that their family wasn’t part of the local country club and didn’t have a yacht and didn’t live in a part of town that had a gate surrounding it or a neighborhood watch committee was proving to be more of a barrier to their sons making friends than either parent had expected though. Mary had been concerned after her first encounter with the PTA at the elementary school, but it wasn’t until she had made friends with Mrs. Singer next door that she really started to think that maybe they had made the wrong choice by keeping their boys out of public school. Apparently there were classes here, ones for students that were “gifted” like Sam and Dean were and it helped their social skills to be around other kids who were on their level both emotionally and intellectually as well as economically.
