When the food was ready, we all returned to the table in good spirits, Sherlock and Jeeves making amends over their rocky start, each voicing their respect for the other’s wit and acumen. They spoke to each other about some of the more intricate problems that had been engaging their minds as of late. I didn’t follow much of it, but through it all, John and I shared many of the happiest glances I’ve ever had the privilege of sharing with anyone. It just shows that you can never tell how these things will work out, but they’ll work out.
John screamed his pleasure, emptying himself into Sherlock’s hand, and that undid Sherlock entirely.
John was certain that noblemen didn’t sew clothes for their servants, but Montgomery seemed delighted, in his own subdued way. “Do you think I should, Lestrade?”
Sherlock had many tears to cry, and John was ready to wait for all of them. Sometimes, Sherlock whimpered, and then John would caress his arm soothingly, and hum to him.
He had started this journey, in this caravan, to find a new life for himself, but all he wanted now was a life with this king, this great man. If he could only be with his king as a servant and nothing more, then that was acceptable.
The town Sherlock had known all his life was now fading in the distance; there were many noises from the motion of the caravans and horses; the future beckoned with its mysteries and adventures. But at that moment, Sherlock’s attention was fixed on the king, who led the entire convoy with authority even as he was plagued by some secret grief that he carried on his own.
The intensity of being taken this way by Sherlock was enough to make John shout out. Sherlock was awfully, wonderfully hot and acquiescent. It was better than John could have imagined. Though he tried to pace himself, he could not help thrusting just a little.
I informed Holmes’s brother through correspondence that I would not seek payment from him. After all, I wasn’t a helper for a man who couldn’t see. I was Holmes’s assistant. His assistant.
“I had a maid before. She slept in the sofa for much of the journey here. But dark moods sometimes came over me, and I could be depressing to be around. She said as much, and she resigned.”
“You don't need to. Stay with me.” Now William opened his dressing gown—his own significant need apparent through his clothes—and closed his thighs around John’s length.
The king knew immediately what Sherlock was referring to. He should have known that the confusion and regret he had glimpsed would linger within his blameless servant. “Oh. Sherlock, you were magnificent. You don’t need to worry about that. You hadn’t done anything like this before, and I didn’t want to do too much.”
The king’s hands tenderly glided up Sherlock’s face, and removed the servant’s bonnet. “You’re so beautiful.”
I put a bit more up on the blog about Sherlock and I dating, but it wasn’t a big deal. Our friends were mostly happy for us, and I didn’t care about whoever wasn’t.
Once more, Jeeves hesitated before answering the question. “I confess that I would like to address Mr. Wooster in that way.” There was a short buoyant hum from Bertie at this. “But I find myself unable to. I fear I cannot explain it better than to say that it feels unnatural.” His eyebrows moved a little in a kind of apologetic way. I don’t mean that he wasn’t very apologetic—I’d come to see that he barely expresses anything, so actually he must’ve been feeling it hard.
“Don’t be scared, Sherlock. We’ll be fine. I have my sword, and the convoy probably scared off a lot of the animals around here. We should be able to see the campfires soon.”
Can’t you do any better than handle me like a sack of rubble? You will be such a disappointment to my brother.
“After we are wed…” John repeated dazedly. “Oh! M’lord! I’m sorry, I forgot to ask Father Lestrade…”
This circumstance was more than acceptable; it was nothing less than dazzling, that King John would have him, in his caravan, in his bed.
In the temple, he had been taken by his master from behind, but now he was looking at King John’s face. Sherlock could clearly observe all the authority and desire in those rugged, attractive features.
King John finished with that task even more quickly, and then pushed Sherlock’s legs up so that his ankles came up nearly to his rear. His fingers continued to glide around with a hint of hesitation, teasing Sherlock without giving him the ultimate satisfaction he needed.
Sherlock nodded. “He hasn’t made anything for me in many years. Nothing but this scarf fits me now.”
“You would let me do that?” Hoping to show Sherlock that he only meant for his servant to feel pleasant things, John kissed Sherlock’s cheek again, and stroked his back. “In restraints like that, you would be helpless to me. I could do everything I want to engulf you in pleasure.”
Sherlock supposed that he should consider himself fortunate, if it was indeed pity that the king was feeling for him. He could have easily earned his master’s hate for intruding on the king’s privacy and making inappropriate requests.
Yeah, I was sure we’d all be good friends right away. Sherlock would make a new friend, we’d both help Bertie and Jeeves with their problems, and we would all have a great time.
Lestrade calmed himself, and opened his mouth to say something, but then a fit of laughter overcame him again and he buried his head in his arms.
I should say that when John put forth his grand wheeze, being the idea that the four lads should rally round for a spot of sustenance and friendly chat with the hope that relations between Jeeves and Wooster would drop to a lower rung on the formality ladder, I was all for it. What better way to relax than with faultless food and drink alongside one’s Jeeves and across from sympathetic faces? Judging from its outline, the plan was an absolute pippin, all but guaranteed to affirm general happiness, wouldn’t you think.
Oh dear, was Lestrade intending to express gratitude for that trifle? William was not sure he could manage such a response, so he hoped to prevent it. Leaning towards his door with impatience, he asked, “Do you have urgent matters to discuss, Lestrade?”
John treasured the wooden horse of their past as well. If John continued to warmly praise the fruits of this hobby, then it would be remarkably possible for William to pursue it further.
“Yes, sir.” John touched the top of the other man’s blanket. He prayed that he would be allowed to do this, even if it was only in his service at King William’s humble attendant. “I don’t want you to be lonely.”
A moment’s silence passed, then Lestrade’s gaze turned a little more bravely toward William, and the priest seemed somehow more formidable than before. “I do,” he said.
Lightly touching Sherlock’s hand on the bed, encouraging it to relax, John leaned in close to his servant. “I know you can’t have children, but that’s okay.”
I have come upon Mycroft curled up on his couch, staring at one of the inspector’s fabled letters, wishing under his breath that he didn’t have to hide from Lestrade.
“John, o-oh!” Sherlock’s voice was breaking now. He was reaching his peak under John’s care. “Oh, oh, John!”
“Hmm. I saw that John has a new cloak.” Sherlock did not have to say that he knew it was Mycroft’s work. “It suits him.”
A small number of the convoy stayed outside the city, to travel to yet another location, yet for the most part the convoy gradually dispersed. Just a few others accompanied John’s caravan as, at last, they reached the castle.
King John approached him. “You’re trembling again! You’re still scared, aren’t you?” He took one of the servant’s hands. “Trust me, Sherlock. I’ll take care of you. You’ll sleep soundly with me. Would you like that?”
“Well, actually,” I began. Sherlock was talking so quickly that it was hard to get a word in—verging on rambling, one might almost say—but I had to clarify a point. “That was my man alone; my dear man, I suppose I can call him now! I can't say that i had any great share in encouraging John to confess."
Sherlock was certain that the king would take the opportunity to step away from the caravan—to get away from his inadequate servant—but the king unexpectedly stepped back into the caravan, closing the door behind himself.
“No, sir. If you truly do want me, even if I can’t give you a baby, then will you give me your seed if I ask for it?” A half-hearted chuckle came from Sherlock. “Let me at least pretend that I can serve you as I should, please? It’s nice if only to imagine giving you an heir. And anyway, I really do want to do it for you.”
Are you indeed the man I was sent for? You couldn’t possibly know that. I just shook your hand, after all!
Mycroft! I know you’re here! You planned this all along, didn’t you? Somehow you knew it would happen this way. You knew what would happen to me!
“I will never leave you. You are the one who has saved me in so many ways—the one I want to wed, to raise my children with. You are so much more than my equal, John. You are far greater than me.”
William listened to this entirely civil conversation between his brother and his beloved with astonishment. What had happened to Montgomery? Didn’t Mycroft know he wasn’t allowed to be here?
Hold on, before I continue, I have to clear something up. It’s how Jeeves says the word “sir.” Though they’re spelled the same on paper, the “sir” he gives me and the “sir” he gives Bertie are not one and the same.
“It feels nice,” John murmured, unthinkingly. His fingers flexed experimentally, and tightened, feeling his master’s need.
Sherlock was sitting alone on a bench. The bench was simple, timeworn wood, and matched Sherlock’s simple clothes, but not his shining face. He looked up eagerly when John approached.
“Good, Sherlock,” John breathed, and the roughness of it showed that he too was nearing his end. “Oh, you’re so good, you’re doing so well…”
“Sorry, Sherlock.” It was easy for John to forget that Sherlock did not stand on his rank in their class-conscious society. Mindful etiquette toward those of a higher station was deeply ingrained in the apothecary’s son.
It was not as if the king had professed any kind of love for his servant, but it was not typical for a man of such authority to ask a servant for his opinion.
John could accept that answer, except that it sounded very familiar. To be precise, it was what Sherlock had said when he was reassuring John that he could find better work.
“Sherlock?” The figure stirred, and turned towards Sherlock, who had already suspected that the king was awake, due to the candle being lit. Indeed, King John had the face of a wakeful person, not of someone who had been falling asleep. “Come in. Is something wrong? You’re still dressed for bed.”
Simply having a nice friend was more than John ever expected. “I’m grateful that you take the time to come by here, Sherlock,” he said, “especially since you aren’t religious.” It occurred to John as he spoke why Sherlock would bother sitting on this pew at the same time of the week as the forlorn peasant. “Do you visit just to keep me company?”
John did not leave William’s company for the rest of the day, too protective of his master. Though it was an irrational fear, the servant was afraid of someone coming by and giving Sherlock undue shame for spending energy on a hobby.
It was with a mix of fondness and regret that William clutched his block of wood more tightly. “I wonder. Maybe… It would not be so bad, to carve just a little… Lestrade needs it, after all.”
He had no idea how to accomplish such a thing, but he had to. Someone who could give the king an heir would be useful to him, and if Sherlock was useful, then perhaps the king would always keep him. The servant could not bear any separation from this noble figure, who was so generously reading aloud for him, wasting a regal, stately tone on unworthy ears.
Days later, when all the items he ordered had arrived, Sherlock’s burning feelings—curiosity one among many—could wait no longer. He found his beloved servant in his quarters at night.
It had started routinely enough, with John helping William change his clothes and trying not to be too obvious about admiring his master’s graceful beauty as he did so. John often asked himself whether he was full of regret or relief that William required no help with his undergarments.
Sherlock’s eyes were wide, his gaze locked with the curious one of the creature in his arms. He was really holding a baby. A nobleman holding a drooling, smelly baby! How incredible! Would he have this privilege with a child of his own, together with his caring John?
“I have some business to attend to later in the trade district, and perhaps after that, I will visit a few churches, if you would accompany me.”
Coming from the brewery, Sherlock had approached through the back way into the alehouse, so he was able to stay behind a wall there, and listen in on the conversation. He knew that he ought to let the king know that he was there, but he could not resist the opportunity to hear how his master acted with these nobles.
“Excellent.” Sherlock blew out some of the candles, setting the room into a comfortable dimness. He was back with John in an instant, holding his servant from behind. John’s head was bent down, so Sherlock could rest his chin in his servant’s soft hair. “It’s all right for you to look at me, John.”
“No. It’s not love, and it’s not a flatmate. I haven’t got a flatmate, actually. Well, I suppose I can’t understand your situation perfectly. But I do greatly admire a chap who doesn’t think very much of me.”
Bertie, on the other hand, never added another entry about his developing relationship with Jeeves after that first vague post about something good happening in his life. He posted about some more adventures they had with Bertie’s friends among the idle rich, but that was it. He didn’t mention anything about it to me, either.
John’s insides ached at that thought. If he were to be kept in the castle at all times, he wouldn’t be visiting the church, not the one where he saw Sherlock. John would no longer sit on a plain pew and hear the magnificent voice of his friend. Maybe Sherlock would visit the castle? Clearly Sherlock was a nobleman of importance. It was possible that Sherlock occasionally had business with the monarch or one of his advisors.
“Fair enough. Let me tell you a bit about how I’m feeling, and then it’ll be your turn, if you like. I have to admit that I’m in a sunny mood, since my friend Honoria just got engaged—for good this time, with any luck—and she wants me to be her best man. Er, does that still make me best man? If a bride’s attendant is a man, is he a best man or a maid of honour? Does it matter that Honoria’s marrying another girl?”
Yet, not all the tournament’s contestants fascinated Sherlock equally. In fact, just one of the warriors had dominated Sherlock’s interest.
responsibility. That duty alone might be enough to compel you to finally take a wife. Though I can’t help but wonder if you’ll still be the more suitable teacher.”
“Actually, yeah,” I answered happily. “Like I told you before, we had a wonderful date. He’s still a little nervous, but that’s to be expected. I don’t think he’s dated much. Anyway, it’s going better than I expected.”
Sherlock’s tongue slipped cutely between his lips, and at last, he tasted John, little by little. His eyes fluttered in rapture as he got to know this new sensation.
Sherlock gave him a brisk nod, and then, scurrying, Sherlock placed the bucket before their horse. John had typically used this particular bucket to feed the horse, and had placed it at the same spot in front of their caravan; similarly, Sherlock positioned the bucket at exactly the same location. The king’s darling maid lit up in triumph when the horse ate its food.
‘Dear Mr. Holmes, my day was a long one, but it was all worth it in the end. Dear Mr. Holmes, is it interesting to work for the government?’
He perceived that the sky was growing darker outside. It was time for him to return to the elegant inn used by the richest members of their convoy, where King John was staying. Sherlock would not be sleeping there, of course, as he was to stay with the other servants in modest accommodations more appropriate for someone of his position, but it was Sherlock’s duty to make sure that King John had everything he needed for the night.
There were tracts of farmland all around them, with the fields leading to a quiet village in the distance. The town seemed smaller than the one Sherlock had known, though it had one very remarkable feature. A large structure, towering in height above all the other buildings, could easily be spotted rising from the centre of town.
Finally, it was the king’s manner with the bow that assured his status to Sherlock. Who else but a king would stand with that commanding bearing, standing with impeccable form, his feet perpendicular to the target, his grip confidently relaxed on the bow handle, his fingers easily pulling back the string?
William was also allowing John to share his meals with the king. After John served the food to him, William immediately directed that John sit next to him, and John was eager to do so. Noblemen had very specific rules for eating that William had to teach to John, but the servant did not mind learning these customs if it meant he could have more time with William.
Suddenly, John pictured a young, adorable little William, kicking his feet as he carved from wood. John also thought of Prince Montgomery… Mycroft. The older boy, talking amiably with his brother, sewing for the enjoyment of it. Two boys who got along well, before the obligations of their lives made them bitter rivals.
“No, it’s not splendid. It’s made my life miserable. I have feelings for my flatmate,” I admitted, more quietly this time, “and I’m sure he doesn’t feel the same way. It sounds pathetic, but I was too distracted by my feelings for him to write in our flat, so I had to come to this café where I wouldn’t think about him.”
“No, sir, I want to do this. If it pleases you for me to serve you this way, then I want to do this. You do want this?”
Ah. This detective might discover what others could not. How did I not think of that before? Watson, and perhaps you too, Lestrade… I will have answers to the questions we cannot ask. I will have you reveal everything, and you will not even realise it.
John couldn’t say no to his servant. It was shameful, how quickly he gave in. Whereas he ought to have refused, he swiftly undressed himself, with a little help from Sherlock. Before long, he was exposed in front of Sherlock, who stared at the thick, flushed evidence of his master’s longing. Sherlock licked his lips, and the king felt himself grow heavier.
“Oh, yes, that’s me. Oh, blast, I should have introduced myself, shouldn’t I? I forgot to do that with John too, as a matter of fact. I suppose I seem like an awfully rude blighter to you, walking up to you like this. I’ve seen you on the telly—well, you must’ve already figured that out—but that’s hardly fair, it’s not like you’ve seen me there, I should think!”
“He’s willing to take care of all your family’s debts. Your folks would be taken care of, and your sister wouldn’t have to worry about marriage.”
“Sir?” Though there was so much he wanted to ask, John did not know if he was permitted to do so. He thought he had lost Sherlock, but now that his friend was here, he seemed less reachable than ever. “I…”
He hated himself when he heard a tentative, “John?” It was William. John heard his lord step closer to John’s bed. “John. My beautiful John, why do you cry?”
“You’re so beautiful,” John murmured, trying to be reassuring, though his voice had become much lower. “I want you so much.”
John stretched and looked at the clouds thoughtfully, wishing that William would feel comfortable acting however the nobleman wished. “Sherlock would walk through the grass with me,” he muttered hopelessly.
He grunted from the onslaught of gratification and perfection, and listened to the charming music of Sherlock crying out in pleasure.
John smiled, recalling how he picked up the sword for Sherlock. At the time, the king managed to ignore the allure of the servant, and merely inquired about the lances, though he hadn’t been able to keep himself from asking if Sherlock would see the joust. Simply knowing that Sherlock would be at the joust gave the king motivation to do better than his best in that contest.
“I see. Obviously he is very well acquainted with a lady. Either Mycroft has not been entirely honest with me, or he has lied to the Father.” Sherlock refused to think that Mycroft had deceived him, or had been unfaithful to Lestrade. Yet he could not think of another explanation. “This must be some misunderstanding.”
“That’s not true. He didn’t fight in the war like you did, I know, but he worked day and night to put that conflict to an end. Granted, he never liked the meetings, and he’s more than a little relieved that he doesn’t have to make any speeches anymore, but he manages this country behind the scenes pretty well, don’t you think?”
The solitary sheets under John were too lonely for him. It seemed like a place better suited for pining than for sleep. With a silent frown, John chastised himself for how terribly dependent he must have grown on William if he could not manage to lie alone. John stood up from the bed to look through his chest of belongings, seeking out his toy wooden horse. Holding it to his chest, he climbed back onto his bed, and lied down once more.
The ride was a long one. The priest sat across from him in the small carriage, telling John about life in King Holloway’s castle, but the peasant could not really listen to the words when he was still trying to let go of Sherlock. Part of John hoped that Sherlock did not care about John after all, so that the gentleman would not read the letter’s pathetic sentimentality and rudimentary handwriting—John would never have learned to read or write at all if he hadn’t needed to record potion ingredients, and besides, he didn’t have a way with words like the eloquent nobleman did.
When William returned to his personal quarters, John was dutifully present. He had been sitting on the king’s bed but stood at attention when William arrived. It was evening, and dark. The light of several candles bathed John in an alluring glow.
Sherlock’s eyes shined in the firelight, and shadows played elegantly over his beautiful face, though disbelief lingered in his features. “I hope you won’t be disappointed in me, sir.”
“No, my sweet Sherlock, you don’t understand. I want you… I want you… kneeling, in front of me. Facing me.”
John smiled. His evening was complete with Sherlock present. “I thought it might be easier for God to hear me if you weren’t critiquing every word.”
King John leaned away from Sherlock, causing the servant to worry that his master had tired of this absurdity at last, but the king was gone only for a moment. He swiftly returned with a jar that Sherlock had not seen before.
“I know that you are a king. I have seen you in a crown, and there can be no doubt that you have the demeanour of the highest authority.” Sherlock bowed his head. King John’s smile was proving far too distracting, and in any case, Sherlock was obliged to show this man his due respect. “Indeed, sir, a man in your position should not have to roam these halls unescorted. Should I call a guard for you, sir?”
“Oh…” No matter how he tried, it was impossible for John to keep his moans contained. It felt wonderful to be this close to Sherlock. “M-M’lord…”
I couldn’t make out the driver of the silver car waiting on the road, due in part to the tinted windows, but I could make out the car itself. My eyes must have gone wide. It was a
The deluge of sensation was more than Sherlock could comprehend. There was the sweetness of the king’s lips, the roughness of his stubble, the sureness of his hands; each distinct feeling assured Sherlock that he was truly kissing King John, the strong and chivalrous warrior-king.
John noticed Sherlock’s hand bunching up the sheets on the bed. “I didn’t know this weighed so heavily on you.”
That was the most gentle, unassuming question Sherlock had ever heard. “As I trust you,” he said earnestly.
Sherlock blew out the light of the candle, and then lied down next to his master, who, to Sherlock’s surprise and delight, placed a protective arm over the servant. It was agreeable to think that, although he might not cherish the moment as much as Sherlock did, King John might find some contentment in falling asleep next to Sherlock like this.
For a second, John wondered if he should allow so many people to admire the songs that Sherlock was playing, but such was too much jealousy even for the king to tolerate in himself. In any case, he knew that nobody in that crowd would be able to take Sherlock home with them, like the king would be able to. Nobody else would be able to sit with Sherlock at night and ask for a private song.
“At once, sir,” Jeeves answered, and he walked through a door to what appeared to be the kitchen, barely making any noise as he moved.
Astonished, John nervously opened his mouth to speak, having no idea what to say, but William cut him off before he could sputter embarrassed nonsense.
Yes, on many occasions, in fact. He enjoys your letters greatly. Though he was rather distressed by the most recent one.
Did John know what he was suggesting? That he would never again sleep anywhere but in King William’s bed? “I will see to it,” Sherlock said.
“I’m your servant, sir.” There was a great desire in Sherlock to kiss his master, but the most he could do on his own was a shy kiss on the man’s cheek. Even that was done lightly and quickly. “Yours alone.”
John was starting to understand just who Sherlock was. As if he was not speaking to one of the individuals in question, he asked, “Were Sherlock and Mycroft friends?”
“I’ve never had apple cider before,” Sherlock remarked, his eyes sparkling with curiosity. “Can I drink some? If I’m allowed to have some of your cider, sir.”
Afterward, John found the small wooden horse in the medical bag he had left by his patient. It had been a wonderful gift.
John’s eyebrows rose in surprise at the turn in subject. Then, the man took a deep breath. “Okay. You’re thinking about the afterlife.”
“A fair part of our exchange,” William said simply. When John had finished gently soaping one hand, the nobleman drew his other arm out from the water, wordlessly commanding John to clean it.
Outside of King William’s quarters, the nobleman continued to carry himself with royal aplomb, and walked with authority before his servant. William saw to his duties and the administration of the castle, followed wherever he went by John, who never had to be asked. Things were much the same as when John had first begun his work.
My name is Mycroft Holmes. I apologise for the ruse; Sherlock has been a terrible influence on me, as you could well imagine. We are half-brothers, you see.
“You visited a lady,” William declared, “on the request of Father Lestrade, no doubt. She is pregnant, and far enough along to be making use of a lying-in room. This is her first pregnancy, so she reacted with more concern than she otherwise would have to a headache. Certainly she is entitled to react in such a manner, though I see she is fine after all, is she not?”
From the beginning, John had tried to resist the pull he felt to his servant—there had been nights when he had been kept from sleep for a long time by his terrible longing—but he had failed miserably in that temple.
Eagerly, John joined him on the bed, sitting demurely, ready to do as William asked. “What would you like me to do?”
He had to admit that there was a certain aspect to the chore that was a little fascinating, at least at first. It was interesting to feel the weight and smoothness of the weapons used by the esteemed fighters who had come from faraway lands to compete in the tournament. The ways in which the heaviness and sharpness differed between the weapons used by warriors from different kingdoms, who each employed varying materials and fought with different techniques, absorbed the under-used faculties of Sherlock’s mind.
At first, John wasn’t sure what Sherlock was referring to. But all too quickly, he remembered the words he had foolishly allowed to slip from his mouth in the fortress, when he had been overcome with his feelings for his servant, too affected by what they had done together and too caught up in thoughts of sharing all his life with Sherlock.
It was time to stop putting this off. He had to think of a way to stay faithful to Sherlock, and to provide his kingdom with an heir that it would accept.
John, his dear John, the person who loved Sherlock for who he was, who valued him for all his strengths and his shortcomings, was kneeling behind him. Like Sherlock, John was not wearing any clothes. He was steadier than Sherlock, however, probably because he was a man of fortitude and self-control. With small, even strokes of his oiled fingers, he prepared Sherlock gradually.
“My kind John,” William breathed, his voice deep and longing, “I need you, I need you, I’m so sorry, I’ll make this up to you, I promise.”
“Everyone we met gave themselves away by their shoes, and their gloves. Nothing is more telling than hands and feet. I even showed that to John, when I was meeting him in the chapel. He didn’t know I was king at the time. Did I ever tell you about that?”
The option remained to wait until weekly services to talk to Lestrade, as the priest would have no choice but to be in the chapel at that time. Unfortunately, being present for services would attract too much attention, as King William had never bothered with an appearance before.
The king stood up from the bench, studied the clothes hanging on the line with interest, and took from the arrangement a coat that was dry enough. Sherlock had to run a few errands today. There was no doubt that the lord of the kingdom could not be seen seeking the items he wished to acquire.
A royal wedding was remarkably boring, Sherlock soon discovered. There was far too much ceremony involved, even if the dramatics were for his sake. His opinion of the day was much improved, however, when Father Lestrade finished reading their vows and Sherlock at last could kiss John as his spouse.
Jeeves gave a light cough. “Perhaps it would be best,” he said, “were a respite to be taken, and discussion resumed at a later time, after heads have cooled.”
“Yeah, sure.” The king straightened himself and took the mug. “That’s good of you, Sherlock.” As he took the offered item from Sherlock’s hands and met the servant’s gaze, the king’s torpor from a moment ago seemed to dissipate.
It was Sherlock’s own fault, he supposed, for falling in love with his master; and yet, how could he do otherwise, when this man was so valiant and brave, so rugged and handsome?
The king led Sherlock to a fenced-in area on grass, on the land behind the temple. He learned that the monks collected honey and beeswax from the bees, selling the honey and using the wax to make candles, which the studious and spiritual monks used all around the temple.
Sherlock stared at the multitude of flowers, stunned. John released Sherlock’s hand so that Sherlock could inspect what he saw. The servant stepped around a number of the plots, lightly touching some purple flowers. John was reminded of when Sherlock had admired the flowers at the temple they had visited earlier on their journey.
Once you’ve learned to read surprise and interest in the circumspect features of a contained PA, other dials are easy to read. What I mean is, having taken many opportunities to study Jeeves, I’ve learned to pick up right speedily the slight expressions—the little quirks of the lips and slants of the eyebrows, you know—on less discreet faces. Sherlock had such a face just then, with a pained look that made me want to remind him there was a doctor at table if anything was wrong.
If some kind of trouble had beset the servant, the king wanted to be the first one to know about it. “Is something bothering you, Sherlock?” he asked, in a straightforward manner.
“Half the world would want you, could they see you now.” John pushed Sherlock’s legs up, so that his feet were nearly against his bottom.
“But when it comes, it will be for eternity. Besides, preparations for my afterlife are to begin soon.” It was common knowledge that arrangements for the king’s afterlife had to be started long before the king’s death. Tombs needed to be excavated, the sarcophagus had to be built, and a number of other considerations had to be dealt with.
A hot rush in John threatened to bring back his unconscionable desires. He took Sherlock’s shy hand firmly. “Well, maybe some other time, when you’re ready. If you still want to.”
In the lower levels of the building, there were private altars and rooms used for spiritual purposes of all kinds, in days past as well as in the present age. King John brought Sherlock into one room that was far away from any other person, a place that was illuminated by candlelight as much of the temple was but distant from all other noise and activity.
“Ah, yes, sir,” John said humbly, turning his gaze to the tunic he was hanging on the line. “I can save you the trouble, and tell him what you want him to do?”
Sherlock walked down the rows of trees with John again. With boundless energy, Sherlock hopped from one tree to the next, picking apples and placing them in his basket.
“Then it’s settled,” I declared. “It’ll be great. I’m sure Sherlock will be on board with a double date.”
Sherlock was not certain how to act around his master. King John remained as cordial as ever, though his manner was more strained than before. He had spoken little since they had returned to the road. Silently, his shoulders high but his manner subdued, he sat at the driver’s bench, directing the caravan’s horse.
Before he could stop himself, John kept his master close to him with one arm, and touched William’s dark hair with his other hand. Only when he had done it did he remember that he was the one who submitted to William, and he worried that William would be angry. Nervously, John stammered, “S-Sir…”
When he sensed his end approaching, John muttered a warning to Sherlock. Then the king came, and Sherlock did not move away. Although he could not take much of John’s essence, the sweet, eager servant was able to take some of it, and he seemed to do so gladly. To see Sherlock swallow even a bit of himself only sent the king further over the edge.
“So I do not believe these things as you do,” Sherlock said dismissively. “That has hardly any bearing on what you believe. I respect your views.”
When Jeeves had got my tea in front of me, he had used the word “sir” as one might when pointing a customer to the right aisle; it was plain and polite. I didn’t know it at the time, but this was the default option. To Jeeves, most people were lost customers looking for the right aisle.
Sherlock nodded, though he did so a bit uneasily. The idea of directing that spirited animal was more than a little frightening to Sherlock. He would much rather let King John steer the beast. Nonetheless, he did not want to fail his master, and it would surely be a failure on his part if the king had to drive the caravan for the entire journey.
“It will only be a small affair. Just half the kingdom,” Sherlock said. “Bring a date, if you like. Unless he’s busy conducting the entire ceremony, which is probable.”
For a long moment, Bertie and Jeeves were both absolutely silent. Bertie gazed at me with admiration, while Jeeves remained inexpressive.
Sherlock’s world filled with stars; he must have made some indecent manner of noise, and yet all he could hear was the strong, rough voice of his husband, coaxing his soul through bliss as John continued to satisfy Sherlock’s body with his own.
John’s fortitude was sorely tested by that remark, but he held strong. “You don’t ever need to fight it,” he said. “If you are ever troubled by your needs, all you need do is tell me, and I will take care of you. It’s my pleasure.”
“Actually, I want you there, by my side, but I know that you support me, that you’re behind me. I want to talk about everything with you. You’ll rule with me even if nobody else knows it. It looks like a throne for one person, but it’s really a throne for two.”
Currently, some of these trainees were honing their skills with wooden swords in the training ring, which was located in the castle’s large courtyard.
The king’s face was very close to his own. Sherlock was so thrilled by what might happen that he could hardly breathe. “Do you, um, want to kiss me, sir?”
“It was conjectured that you might not travel so much anymore,” the servant continued, his voice so quiet that it was almost inaudible, “when you sire children.”
“I admit that I do not share your optimism,” he said at last, glancing out the windows, “but indeed, I would prefer not to always wonder. I will speak with him.”
“Sherlock? You’ve mentioned his name before. Can’t say I’ve ever met the bloke. Whoever he is, mind reminding him that services are on Sunday?” Lestrade chuckled. “No, my request comes from the castle.”
It would have been difficult for Sherlock to think of a more monotonous and uninteresting task than cleaning every weapon kept in the storage room, but unfortunately, this was the chore that the servant had been saddled with.
Where else would a soul go? Sherlock had been taught that all Egyptians were destined to someday depart to the underworld. This was true a thousand years prior, when the great pyramids had been built, and it would surely be true a thousand years from now.
“No, sir. I’ve enjoyed living in this caravan with you, and seeing new places with you. But I like the feeling of being in your domain. Even if there comes a day when I must eventually find a new employer here, it will always make me happy to be one of your subjects.”
If there weren’t so many people around, John would hold his servant close and tell him that it was okay to tell his master the truth. In this crowded place, however, he had to keep his manner appropriate.
A golden opportunity appeared for John to do something for his dear servant, and he couldn’t possibly pass it up. “Would you like a violin, Sherlock?”
John laughed, intensifying William’s temptation to a still greater level. “It’s a brilliant bribe, m’lord.”
It had seemed that William had truly enjoyed some part of their intimacy, but now John felt as if everything he had done had wronged William somehow. He followed William into the bathroom, for the obvious reason that he could redeem himself by being of service, and for the secret reason he did not admit to himself, that he could barely stand to be away from Sherlock, so suddenly, after learning the feel of his arms.
Sherlock cried out, again and again, at last freely shouting out with emotion that deeply stirred the king. “More, yes, please,” the servant pleaded under his breath.
The king started removing his trousers. Sherlock made a keening sound when at last he saw, in the dim light, the ache that had kept his master from restful sleep. It was no wonder, for it looked as thick-bodied and potent as the rest of the king. Sherlock felt a deep, primal pull to do something for this intimate part of King John, and yet he did not know what to do.
Wracked with a hint of pleasure and a torrent of desire, John clutched the bed at either side of him.
Pleased, John smiled. “You’re a good servant. I don’t mean that you can’t leave me, Sherlock. But at least give me the chance to do better if I’m not gallant enough for you.”
Now there was nothing for John to worry about. He cuddled with Sherlock on the bed, and together, they reminisced about their travels.
“Little I did not perceive. You will be glad to know that they appreciate all that you have done, for them and for your country.” There seemed to be a personal appreciation in Sherlock’s bright eyes.
“That’s right,” Sherlock breathed. He took John’s arm, and when he felt that it was shaking, stroked it soothingly, adding soap.
However, the king did start rubbing Sherlock’s back again, and kissed him on the forehead. It was enough to make Sherlock very happy. He did not know if it was all right for him to enjoy this temporary intimacy with his superior, but surely it could not be harmful simply to appreciate this single moment.
The trunk was one of two pieces in the room that was John’s property—soon to be the only one, pending the removal of the smaller bed. Previously it only held some simple clothing and a small wooden horse. Now it would hold objects that they had shared in the most private of circumstances. To see John easily take claim of his gifts pleased Sherlock.
Each performance seemed to engage Sherlock. They did not all impress him, but even if he did not love a certain show, the servant still leaned forward with interest, remarking on how the piece might be improved. It was a delight to see Sherlock become so interested in the performances, and to marvel at the way his eyes sparkled as his brilliant mind examined the technical aspects of what they observed on stage.
Sherlock took another long look at the painting of the mother and child, and then looked around, glancing at the other paintings on display.
It was tempting to imagine what it would be like to be married to King John, and certainly, such imaginings only fanned the flames in the servant’s body. Sherlock hardly considered the perks of being royalty; he thought only of the king talking to him sweetly, and kissing Sherlock wherever the king liked. Sherlock might find a way to bear a child for the king, or he might not, but he would be a caring spouse nonetheless, seeing to all his responsibilities so that all ran smoothly in King John’s esteemed household.
“It took so much restraint not to touch you, but I would never do anything you didn’t want.” The king moved back to look directly at Sherlock, who was too shy to hold his master’s gaze. “You never have to do this for me, Sherlock. If you ever want to leave me, you can. There will always be a place for you somewhere, in a different caravan if you like, and there will be lots of opportunities for you in my kingdom. But I hope you will remain my maid at least.”
“You could say it does,” Bertie replied. “A little pricier than the old place—Chrichton Mansions if you know it, not too far from here, nice enough spot but not well stocked with lovers of loud music—but I like it.”
He had tried many things to reinvigorate his existence. He’d been all over the land, and participated in hunts, and parties, and tournaments, but neither the grand gatherings he joined, nor the illustrious people he met, instilled in him the joy and excitement he wanted. He was disappointed time and again, and his caravan became a place for sulking and sour moods. However, that last tournament, one that had tested the abilities of many brave warriors and knights, was different.
“M’lord!” John cried happily, instantly bringing a smile to Sherlock’s face. “Oh, ah, Lord Sherlock! I did it!”
Thinking back to all the times he had watched Sherlock lightly wipe a blade or carefully clean a pair of boots, John understood that Sherlock truly was gentle. The king knew well the evil in the world, and knew just as well how to fight it head-on, but Sherlock had not half the ferocity that the king was capable of. Indeed, it had been a rare occurrence in John’s life to meet someone like his sweet maid, who was naturally so gentle, and so fragile as well.
The two of them had spent a long time in the orchard, for the second day in a row, but the sun was setting, and it would soon be time to return to the village again. Before they left, John purchased a few jugs of the orchard’s apple cider, simply because Sherlock had been so interested in the production of the beverage.
“The truth is, I’ll be blown if I know whether we’re dating or not. We did scuttle out to dinner, and let me tell you, I’ve had better successes. As civil as you like, the whole thing, but I got about as much conversation out of him then as you just witnessed over the tea and coffee. I was overjoyed when he agreed to go out with me, but now I wonder if I’ve pushed the thing along too quickly. I don’t know if he’s quite ready to talk to me as an equal, and I’m afraid I don’t know what to do about it.”
“Y-Yeah,” John answered, unsteady from the force of the fantasy that had flooded his mind. Swiftly, he recovered enough to steady his voice, if nothing else. “Yeah, that’s fine, Sherlock.”
William made to bolt to the door, but Lestrade, tougher than William thought a priest ought to be, caught the arm of the king, who ought to have been stronger for having been a soldier. Lestrade held him with all the force of his natural obstinacy. “Release me!” William demanded.
Sherlock’s hand moved further down John’s body, well into the water, circling over the man’s stomach. “Of course, if you wish… Ah!” He briefly came into contact with the aroused part of John’s body before he meant to, but was overjoyed to feel that John was excited already.
You ought to have known that, considering that you have lived with me for a week. Did you not notice the message sent from Inspector Lestrade?
It could no longer be denied that he loved Sherlock. He had for a long time. Even if he had not fallen in love with the servant immediately, certainly his feelings had been strong from the start, and had grown quickly. He adored his inquisitive, gentle, fair-skinned, curly-haired servant.
Lestrade chuckled. “The point is, your brother’s a good man. He’s changed for the better, just like you. Don’t assume the worst.”
He wanted to press further, but Sherlock looked very uncomfortable. “It’s okay, Sherlock,” John said, hoping to put his servant at ease again. He could find out what the problem was later, when Sherlock was ready to talk about it. “A servant doesn’t have to tell their master everything.”
Once he started crying less and calming down somewhat, Sherlock started humming with him. Only then did John remember where the tune was from. It was from the choir of monks, in the temple.
Sherlock couldn't understand why this grand figure would take an interest in him. “Why look for me, sir?”
I didn’t believe that whoever was saying these strange things was speaking to me, at first. I hardly expected anyone to come up to me and start a chat in this café, which I had chosen exactly because I was sure I wouldn’t see anyone I knew here.
Blushing as much as before, Lestrade mumbled, “What Mycroft does with those garments is his own business.”
Pardon me, sir. You are a clever man, but what is it that a gentleman could do, given your condition?
John turned away, avoiding the king’s gaze. “It’s my fault that your wedding was a ruse… I should’ve been perfect for you, sir.”
For reasons I need not discuss at this moment, yes. It seems I am lost without an instructor, though.
This revolver was the murder weapon. It has the correct indentation for being thrown from the room, as the murderer must have done. The other is not damaged enough for that.
“Yes, but I wanted to do that. You don’t owe me anything. Oh, you can… just sit there and look pretty for me… my pretty servant…” Touching himself over his clothes wasn’t what he truly wanted, but it could be enough, if Sherlock stayed there.
I started writing this recently, Holmes. To cope with feelings that, until now, I thought could never be allowed to surface.
John didn’t want a domain that was separate from William. “I’m lonely, sir.” He took a deep breath. If he was to transgress his rights and make a request of his lord, he certainly ought to say it with unbroken words. “Would you join me, please?”
Perhaps I should ask Inspector Gregson; I have heard he dances reasonably well at the charity balls.
“I’ve been in love with you for a long time.” Despite the presence of a force more bereft than amusement in his voice, Sherlock chuckled. “It was very bad of me, to sit in a holy house with a dear friend who meant more to me than holiness would allow.”
It was deeply moving to John to hear the sounds that Sherlock made. With all the protectiveness he felt for his king, John held him in hand, and kissed his tip.
He gradually prepared John more deeply. His body and every other part of him powerfully longed for John. It did nothing to quell his ache when he reached deeply within John and heard his servant cry out. Every moment was full of heady anticipation.
Sherlock loved to watch the king study the weapon. He was tempted to ask questions about the king’s technique. It would not be suitable for a servant to bother a king with questions, however. “No,” he said simply, “I only clean them, sir.”
“It was so easy, Sherlock, to see how tense you were with excitement. You were living in the moment as no one else around you was. You saw every movement, didn’t you? Tell me, Sherlock. Did you see everything? Every little detail of how I swung the lance, for instance?”
At last, Mycroft began his approach. His umbrella was now in clear view, and it shocked Sherlock so profoundly that he could not take his eyes away from it. He had been but a child when he carved the rod that formed the core of that object. It had taken him ages to fashion a usable umbrella, though it had been all worthwhile when he had given it to Mycroft and seen his brother smile. It had accompanied the king-to-be whenever he ambled along with young Sherlock on a grand adventure into the city.
Well, that made things a little awkward. For one thing, I’d only met Jeeves once, at the café, and while we’d had a good chat, we weren’t yet on close terms, if we ever would be. We both knew Bertie well, but I really only knew of Jeeves what I’d heard from my friend, and I suppose Jeeves didn’t know much more than that of me. I couldn’t exactly slap him on the shoulder like an old friend.
“He did so much more than heal my wounds. He spoke to me, banishing my apathetic thoughts with every word, occupying my mind with stories. One story he told me was a mystery, involving a horse with a silver mark on its forehead. He constructed the tale, and let me solve it.”
, which would be inscribed with spells that would guide their soul through the underworld, to paradise. This was especially true for a pharaoh, who was typically buried with an elaborate, detailed scroll for that purpose.
The door opened slightly, revealing the priest’s surprised face. “John? What are you doing over here?”
Sherlock was dazed by the sudden force of heat and pleasure. He shivered from the wonderful feelings that spread through his body. Yet he was aware that the king could not be getting much out of this act.
William sighed, recollecting himself, and then took his knife back, resuming his careful work. “Thank you, John,” he said quietly. “I need you here.”
It was always wrong for John to think of his pretty servant in indecent ways, but that was especially true when he thought of Sherlock doing something entirely for the king’s benefit. Oh, but John knew that Sherlock’s pink lips were as sweet and gentle as the rest of him. Sherlock was pliant and soft when he yielded to one of the king’s kisses. It was only too easy to imagine what Sherlock could do with that gorgeous mouth on other parts of the king.
John stepped closer to Sherlock for a moment, and embraced him. “I hope you’ll feel at home here, Sherlock.”
John should have been insulted over the mockery of his religion, but no one had ever gifted him with this much lively attention. He could do naught but grin childishly. “How kind of you to worry for my prayers when you have so little faith in their purpose.”
John had reached the side of the large bed. On that table were the gifts that John had received the previous day—the bottles and belts, which would seem innocent to anyone who did not know what they were used for. Without hesitation, John lifted the items with a smile, handling the belts as gently as the bottles, and placed them in the trunk where he kept the few personal items he had brought to the castle.
By then, the sun was setting, and the sky was becoming darker. John had no fear of the forest at night, but he noticed that Sherlock stayed a little closer to him than before.
When John had first suggested that Father Lestrade could use a cross, the servant had expected a simple t-shaped block. The object in William’s hands was far more beautiful than that. The elegant cross had been finely detailed. Each end was marked by a flowery shape.
If the two chaps in question both consent to the arrangement and sincerely care for their partner, if they have nothing short of devotion to each other, then why would it matter to others if they fulfill a deep, hidden, powerful desire to… dance together?
“Another body! Rebirth, John! Reincarnation, yes, don’t some cultures speak of such a thing? It can be done. I know how we could do it. I could have spells written on papyrus that would guide both of us to find each other in another life, and again after that, and so on. I would be buried with that text, so it will always lead us to each other. Yes, my
William guided John to a carriage, and they were driven further into the countryside. It was a long and peaceful drive, during which John was happy to look out the carriage window and marvel at all the responsibility William had to watch over all this land. Eventually, they arrived in a small town unfamiliar to John. After leaving the coachman to relax at a tavern, William headed off with John to walk past the homes and lands belonging to farmers.
Solemnly, maintaining an objective tone, Lestrade said, “From his father’s point of view, Montgomery disgraced the family because he never fought in battle, on the front lines. Some said he was a coward because of that. William, on the other hand, was very much in the action. He’s like that. I heard he was even wounded, and it wouldn’t surprise me. John, the reason I’m telling you all this is so you do not make an enemy of either brother during your stay. They don’t exactly get along.”
Sitting up from the driver’s bench, the king appeared to give some signals with his hand to the caravans behind them, and then he turned to Sherlock, though his manner was still distant. “We’re stopping to rest, here. Just for a little while.”
“Montgomery… He’s a coward for not fighting in battle… He’s a disappointment…” The biting words were starting to fail him.
“You washed your hands thoroughly, but you missed the area above your wrist. I can smell newly applied wood stain, and I see where it smudged.” Sherlock nodded at his conclusion. “You’re making furniture.”
Though there was still some time before the convoy departed, people were already beginning to load cargo to bring with them on the journey. It was easy for Sherlock to tell that many members of the convoy were merchants. There were also some nobles who wished to bring souvenirs home. Several workers were finishing up repairs on some of the caravans, and some guards patrolled the convoy.
“But would you want to leave, if you could? You could find something better, somewhere you’d be appreciated like you should be.”
The next town they arrived in was the largest so far, and had a number of notable places that would interest visitors from the convoy. King John offered to take Sherlock to wherever he wished in the entertainment district, though the servant found himself drawn to someplace different.
It has become a guilty pleasure, now, especially—Lord forgive me—when I am able to ‘misplace’ his spectacles. Then I can gaze at his face entirely, the bright and thoughtful expression he does not know that he possesses, and good heavens, I am overwhelmed by awe as much as guilt.
They walked down the quiet road, and returned to the tavern where their carriage awaited. King William crisply informed the coachman that he was ready to return to the castle. They set off without further delay, William wordlessly taking his seat opposite his anxious servant.
The king immediately tried to cover the lower half of himself with the blanket. “You really don’t have to do that.”
John’s hand stopped. He recalled telling Sherlock about working a second job to provide for his family, and the sympathy that had shined in the nobleman’s eyes. “You did this for me?”
Throughout the day he had been told that King William was too occupied with vital business to bother meeting his newest servant. This was not surprising. John knew that even though his position required that he be close to His Majesty, the ruler would never think of John as anyone of importance. He doubted that William would pay much attention to him at any point in the future.
Sherlock could not be the king’s spouse, but he would never stop learning how to be a better servant for his master. He would keep the caravan clean, he would make the king’s weapons shine, and he was certain that he could learn to help with the horses in some way, even if he merely cleaned them or fed them. He could learn how to see better to the king’s physical needs, cherishing each lesson of that kind taught to him by the king himself.
“It is a social group, merely, one for persons employed in domestic duties or as personal attendants, particularly those in such stations who have an interest in maintaining the old standards of their positions.”
Feeling his servant handle him so gently this way, Sherlock felt something needy drop low in his stomach.
Lestrade rolled his eyes. “This is absurd. You know as well as I do that Montgomery wouldn’t hurt a fly.” He released his hold on William’s arm. “Go, and go and see how fine it all is.”
Carefully, John removed himself from the fine linens he had slept in, and made the bed immediately. He wished he knew more about his duties, but keeping this bedroom tidy must be one of them.
“That suits me fine. Hmm, John’s an apothecary, isn’t he? A healer for the common people. He probably knows of these things.”
It was nice that Bertie didn’t seem to think badly of me. “I can’t seem to focus on anything other than him. It’s no wonder I only ever seem to write about him in my blog.” I turned my laptop more toward Bertie, so that he could see it. “At least he hasn’t figured it out yet, though I’m sure he will any day now. Then he’ll kick me out of the flat.”
It was always King John who decided where their convoy stopped to rest. Such stops were inevitable on any journey. Horses needed rest, and though provisions had been brought, it was sometimes necessary for food and water to be hunted or collected. In the evenings, the caravans would gather and establish a campsite, with many people starting fires with which they could cook.
It was thanks to the distracting situation, or to the king’s mercy, that King John disregarded Sherlock’s lack of suitable respect. Whatever the reason was, Sherlock was extremely grateful that the king overlooked this error and continued to thrust with all the passion of his nature.
Sherlock pulled John onto his lap. He kissed his beloved, who was surprised for a moment, as if this was an unexpected gift, and then returned the kiss. Everything about John left Sherlock in awe. “This is the father of my children,” Sherlock murmured.
“Oh, in that case, we’d better head out even sooner.” The king chuckled, thought it was not an entirely happy noise. “Maybe it seems glamorous to you, Sherlock, but I’d be bored stiff. Those people don’t really care about me. They’re not interested in doing anything but promoting themselves. No, the sooner we can start off, the better.”
Eventually, the convoy stopped to rest, at a fresh stream that John was familiar with. There was also grass for the horses to eat. It was not yet midday, but this was the best place to rest for the night, so the members of their convoy quickly made themselves comfortable.
When Sherlock had stopped humming, the king spoke up. “I think I’ve shown you all the points of interest. Oh, I don’t know if you would be interested, but the monks keep bees out back.”
John moved down the bed; at first, Sherlock feared that John was leaving, but that fear was soon put to rest. Propping himself up over Sherlock’s lower half, John made an incredibly tempting image, especially when he licked his lips.
I had been hired to be the personal physician and helper for a blind man allegedly suffering from complications and in need of a sighted attendant. Oh, how little I knew then.
“I’d forgotten about that.” For once, John was the one who was blushing. “This is going to sound ridiculous—I completely came up with that story. I didn’t know how to say that I wanted you, Sherlock. It didn’t have anything to do with children.”
That small admission had Sherlock’s heart racing. “John,” he groaned, imagining it. “How incredible it would be to watch you love yourself…”
Though he had just been thoroughly satisfied by his master, the servant’s heart hammered away in his chest. “I pleased you, sir?”
“Definitely. I might test them on fighting or strategy, but you could see what kind of people they really are. Could you do that for me?”
“I’m not going to sire any children. Instead,” John proclaimed, “I’m going to will the throne to someone based on their merit. I’ll find someone who is capable of ruling the kingdom.”
Lestrade heaved a long-suffering sigh. “It’s not a bad place, but noblemen do have their own problems that you should be aware of.”
John shouldn’t have been as stirred as he was when Sherlock called him that, but that didn’t change the fact that hearing Sherlock moan that title made John want to hold Sherlock close and never let him go.
It was only a few more thrusts before John finished, with a rough grunt, emptying himself within his beloved maid. His gratification was intensified when he felt Sherlock reach his peak as well, crying out John’s name as his body trembled and then relaxed under the king.
Sherlock was nervous to be away from the king in an unknown place, but he felt welcome among the women in the brewery, who seemed to appreciate his enthusiasm for the processes they worked with every day. In any case, he had more questions to ask them, and fortunately, they were happy to answer.
The fellow who had met them said, “This way, please.” He led John through a dizzying path of stairways and halls, to the most magnificent bedroom John had ever seen. The large windows were draped with luxurious curtains, antique furniture glistened in the sunlight, and the floor was carpeted with a rich tapestry that felt like a cloud. The four-poster bed had a golden canopy, with thin curtains that reached the floor.
Sherlock wanted to reward all the trust John placed in him. He climbed onto the bed, his heart full of gratitude. With the utmost care, he poured the oil onto his fingers, and then guided John’s hands away. He touched John’s rear slowly, reverently.
“Sir?” John asked. Physically, he felt relaxed, but something was missing when William was not with him.
The door was opened, and John was led to an adjoining sitting room where a quiet man was sitting stiffly in an armchair, arms folded in arrogance similar to that possessed by William. It had to be admitted that he was dressed in style, in fabrics befitting a man who had once held power over the country. He was tall and fair, like his brother.
“But then, I already knew all about you,” the man who looked like Sherlock murmured in the eccentric nobleman’s gentle voice.
With John alone, Sherlock felt free to enjoy himself, to trust his body and heart to another person. Sherlock wished that he could always have the gift of John’s company, for all time, but he knew that was not possible.
Eager to redeem himself, John nodded and quickly left the bathroom, closing the door so his master would have privacy. He changed into day clothes and left the grand quarters. He was surprised to see two guards traversing the long hallway outside of the bedroom, but fortunately they did not seem to think John was an intruder. In fact, they didn’t seem to notice him at all. John approached one of them anyway and asked him where he could find the laundry. Following the guard’s directions, the servant made his way to the laundry and found his way back, King William’s clothes in tow.
Sherlock had seen some hint of these dark moods before, when melancholy had briefly darkened the king’s strong features. “I will not leave you, sir.”
Well, he could have put it a little more gently than that! I almost started denying it, but he really did seem concerned. There was something about him that made me feel like I could be honest.
Intense relief shot through Sherlock, and it felt magnificent, though it also made him long for more. “John, John, John…”
Certainly, there were many to choose from, and a great deal of them were not all that different from the realistic style of the painting of the mother and baby, at least not as far as John could tell. He still wasn’t sure why Sherlock would prefer that one to the others.
John couldn’t count on anyone else in his life, not even the enchanting man who sat next to him in church, who was so captivating under the waning evening light that fell through stained glass upon his graceful form. Sherlock now turned wistfully towards the glass. “There must be something I can do.”
“A fitting name,” Mycroft murmured with a grin. Sherlock rolled his eyes. As if he had heard the action, Mycroft continued, leaning nonchalantly on his umbrella, “She must make your household a busy place, I’m sure. The same will soon happen in my household. My brother,” Mycroft nodded in Sherlock’s direction, “he is an expecting parent himself, you see. It will be his first.”
Stroking himself with his own touch again, John made one last cry, and spilled himself in his hands. He fell back onto the bed, overwhelmed. The relief was intense. He should have been mortified with what he had just done with his servant, but it was hard to regret anything when Sherlock made him feel so good, in body and in spirit.
The king turned the sword over with expert hands, clearly ascertaining the weight and usefulness of the blade as if he had done it countless times before, which he surely had. “A sturdy blade,” the king remarked. “Do you fight with the sword?”
“I won’t let you down,” Sherlock stated, with conviction. “You have been very generous to me, sir. I won’t leave. I’ll be the perfect maid for you.”
That was the moment when one of the nobles that King John had been conversing with, a well-dressed and finely-groomed nobleman, turned towards Sherlock with a coy, shameless smile and a shallow, flirtatious manner.
“It is g-good, sir,” Sherlock responded, as lucidly as he could. At last, he was empty no longer. King John was filling him, and it was perfect. Every nerve in Sherlock burned to belong to the king. His spirit pleaded to be his master’s beloved. “Please, m-more, sir.”
“I um, I should be asking you that,” John managed to state. He badly wanted to kiss William, though he knew that could never be allowed.
The clearing was not as empty as it had seemed from afar. There were no tall trees, but instead there were different kinds of flowers strewn about the ground, as well as a few benches, chairs and tables in various spots. Stones placed in lines on the ground suggested separate plots, but the plants had long ago crossed over their boundaries, and now flowers and grasses of different kinds could be seen everywhere.
John loved the excitement his servant shared with him, but just as much, he loved Sherlock’s innocence. Perhaps most of all, the king loved to be the one to protect him.
“Dr. Watson, I know that you are trying to be helpful to Mr. Wooster. I have come across your blog, and I believe that you generally intend to be helpful.”
This struck John as particularly odd. Weren’t they merely talking about music? Why shouldn’t they talk about music?
Despite that, King John’s arms soon wrapped securely around Sherlock. The king’s voice was still low, but less urgent than it had been. “My poor, sweet maid. I have been a wretched man.” Sherlock felt the king’s rough stubble on his shoulder, where his master granted him a kiss. “I’ve damned you. How can I think about making you mine, when I can’t promise myself to you?”
John could see little in the room, as the only light available was what seeped in from under the doorway and at the edges of the curtains. The thin curtains around King William’s bed were also closed, he noticed with a sigh of relief. His master was still asleep, so John would not be reprimanded for being inattentive.
He couldn’t let his master down. “No, I would like to be able to do it, someday,” Sherlock pronounced, more confidently than before, though without all the confidence he would have liked to hear in his own voice. Despite being determined to be the best possible servant for King John, Sherlock could not bring himself to hold the reins that would connect him to that great beast, the creature that looked as if it could trample him.
Mycroft leaned back, crossing his arms in confusion. “I’m not as familiar as I could be with colloquialisms, Sherlock, but I do not think you’re using that metaphor correctly.”
A problem! Holmes… Two men do not just… hold each other in that fashion! You are unconventional in many ways, I know, but truly, Inspector, I’m shocked!
Sherlock was reluctant to ask for more details, but that didn’t make any sense. Males weren’t built that way. Unless… “Is one of you deformed?”
William kissed his John again. Loving John so intimately made him burn everywhere, consumed with a desperate need to be with John forever.
A part of John felt uneasy, relying on help from Father Lestrade, but it was a sincere job offer and not some gift to inevitably be taken away. If there was something John could trust, it was the fruits of his own labour. “I’ll think on it, Father.”
Taking a ride up the spotless lift three levels up, and then a few steps down a brightly lit hallway, I came to the door of 3A. The fact that the next door on that side of the hallway seemed miles away suggested he had a big place, though I’d already guessed that much.
At night, after the curtains had been closed, and each man had settled into his bed, John heard a softly murmured, “Thank you,” from his master, and felt his heart grow full.
“No doubt you will discover that when you help him write his next blog entry. I’ll try to make it a good read.”
John, stirred by the many tumultuous feelings he had for this man, moved most of all by the need to comfort him, pulled his Sherlock close to him without thinking, and kissed him, tasting him deeply when William’s lips parted in surprise.
Did you not observe that two individuals who care deeply about each other could share love regardless of what they look like? Regardless of colour, or if they should both be men?
When John said that name, William was silent for a long moment. He shut his eyes. But at last, he spoke. “Mycroft was Sherlock’s dear brother. But no, there is no Sherlock, and no Mycroft.” He started speaking more quickly. “We are noblemen, and we are above such things. We have responsibilities, duties to our country. We cannot play games, we cannot have hobbies, and certainly no friends. Take the knife and block away, John, I should not waste my time with them.”
Sherlock was very much aware that this situation was the height of absurdity. For him to need his master to comfort him like this, for not being able to perform a duty, was laughable. It was evidence of how unsuitable he was for this fine king. Sherlock was doing the wrong thing by not tearing himself away from King John. But then, Sherlock hardly knew what the right thing was. He had never been a very decent servant. Serving people of nobility had always been a complex matter, and being in love with his master made it all the more complicated.
Meet him. He will not disappoint you. Dear brother, we are talking about Lestrade! He is a straightforward man. Unimaginative, as most are, but well intentioned. How could someone be nervous about speaking to that simple inspector?
John thought about cute little Sherlock, getting into trouble with his brother. “If only we could remind them of that.”
There were noble, glorious people like that king, who journeyed to grand tournaments and won the cheers of crowds, and then there were plain servants like Sherlock, who never went on exciting journeys or performed great feats. Sherlock’s role in life was to clean what he was told to clean, fetch what he was told to fetch, and try not to get caught when he got intolerably bored from the cleaning and the fetching and did something he shouldn’t.
“Isn’t it obvious? I must be married to have an heir. I hope that wearing a veil is acceptable to you, and a dress, I should add. Such a disguise will be sufficient from afar, especially as the priest will be our confederate.”
“You did so well,” John told him, climbing up the bed so that he could lie at Sherlock’s side. He felt the softness of Sherlock’s hair, and when Sherlock made a cute little mewl, the smitten king leaned closer, touching the brown stubble of his cheek to Sherlock’s pale, smooth face. “My pretty servant.”
Thus, having easily packed and more easily bid this town goodbye, Sherlock embarked on the voyage that would change his life forever. With his light satchel carried across his body, and his heavy bag over his back, Sherlock left his modest neighbourhood and marched to the grounds where the convoy was waiting.
“Oh, John, you feel magnificent. I’m… sorry,” William whispered, “you don’t have to touch me, you really don’t have to.”
I’d like to be. I’m sorry; I do want to see Mr. Holmes, a little desperately if I’m being honest, but I shouldn’t have been so short with you just now. My name is Lestrade. I’m an inspector for Scotland Yard… but I’m not here in that capacity. You work for Mr. Holmes, then?
Sherlock noticed that Lestrade was wearing new gloves, made of a deep red that showed the fingertips, which was noteworthy because the weather was warm today, though it could possibly become colder in the evening.
When I asked him about it, Bertie went into a sulk. He told me he wasn’t in the mood to talk about it just then, but he invited me to see him that weekend at his flat. In the meantime, he pulled out his phone and played some kind of cartoonish game, though he didn’t really seem to focus on it.
That thought brought a frisson of heat through Sherlock, and he decided it was best not to think too much about that bed and its owner, or else he might embarrass himself.
Their journey was almost over, on their path through the forest as well as on their travels to John’s castle. Yet somehow, it didn’t feel to John like anything was ending. In fact, when the two of them spotted the campfires of their convoy, and made their way to the royal caravan that had conveyed them so far and brought them so close together, the king had just the opposite impression.
Sherlock’s hands rested over John’s nightgown. John shyly leaned into one of Sherlock’s arms, nosing it lovingly. The nobleman gratefully undressed John, helping him out of his nightgown and underwear. He did not want to leave his servant cold or self-conscious, so Sherlock readily guided John into the bath.
“I wish I could look at you all day,” John remarked. “I don’t just want to look at you either. I want to talk to you, be with you. I think about you so much. Whenever I sit on the throne now, I think of you.”
“Thank God,” John murmured, and at least he could give in to that flaring passion in him for Sherlock. He lifted Sherlock’s tunic and pulled down his servant’s breeches, enjoying how Sherlock’s breaths became shorter from excitement.
“What do you need, sir?” Sherlock asked instantly, unable to think of anything but serving his master.
A request! A request from his John! Only for that reason was Sherlock able to pull away from John, and at once he began undressing himself. He was terribly eager to join John in the warm water, and even more enthusiastic to do as John wished. Yes, he could exist as Sherlock. He could live with the shame of defying who he ought to be, as long as it was all right with John.
perfect for me,” Sherlock whispered, desperately. “I don’t care if you are a man, or a commoner.” He kissed John’s shoulder. “I want John Watson.”
Before Sherlock could object, as a lowly servant ought to when his master offered any kind of assistance, King John was picking up Sherlock’s bag and bringing it into the caravan. He did so with such ease that Sherlock wondered if it was actually the same bag, or if it had not somehow been magically replaced with an identical but lighter piece of luggage.
With an abashed smile, John nodded. He was worn out from crying, too exhausted to act on excitement, and William was very calming and soft. They were over the blanket, but the blanket would not have given John the warmth he wanted anyway. He touched the sash of William’s dressing gown. “Can I undo this, sir?”
“Yes.” In the days before John knew of Sherlock’s kinghood. But John had known that Sherlock was a nobleman, a station well above an apothecary’s son. “Why were you willing to call me Sherlock then, and not now?”
The word “sir” can be said in a lot of different ways. You don’t even need to try saying it I other languages, because even just staying with English, you can pronounce that word quickly, slowly, tersely, softly; you could, for example, answer your boss with a direct “Sir,” or belt out a loud and clear “Sir!” to a drill instructor.
When Mycroft stopped in front of the table, Sherlock’s eyes rose, and he observed Mycroft, looking rather shocked himself, appraising the blue scarf.
It was doubtful that many of them would imagine Sherlock as he was now, open and vulnerable before an ordinary man—though this particular man was hardly ordinary to Sherlock.
“Of course, and He would be bored senseless by them. It’s in the presentation, John.” The nobleman took a seat next to John, his fingers steepled contemplatively together. “As God must listen to so much drivel, you would do well to try to catch His attention.”
“Fine.” Sherlock crossed his arms, giving his walk a stern character. “I know enough about what adult males and females can do.”
Sherlock wondered if he would ever be able to stop himself from blushing when his master was so kind to him, especially when the king smiled at him like that. King John led him away then, to a comfortable area where they could read the book without disturbing others. It was a courtesy that was probably not necessary of someone as prestigious as King John, but he was perpetually a chivalrous man.
He was surprised to see a great deal of hesitance in John’s nod. Saying nothing, John wiped down the shelf thoroughly.
Although, the fact that many of the workers seemed to be women was consistent with the place being a brewery, since in Sherlock’s experience, brewing was traditionally the work of women.
“I do believe so,” Jeeves said. “If you have glanced at one or two of Mr. Wooster’s stories, you may have noted that I take an interest in psychology.
Sherlock eagerly followed the king to the door of the caravan, and when the king opened it, the servant gasped.
“Sherlock, I’m a-almost there,” John warned, in a breaking voice. With reluctant taps to the side of Sherlock’s face, John encouraged him to part from the king. He saw that there was confusion and regret in Sherlock’s features as the servant pulled away. “It’s all right, Sherlock,” he quickly assured him. “Oh, you’re so perfect, I can’t stop thinking about you…”
“That’s right, it would be a tournament for the throne. I’m sure you know where I got the idea from, though it wouldn’t just be a test of who is the strongest. I would find out who is the wisest—who would make the best ruler. I’m not sure how I would do that, but I’ll figure something out. It just might be possible.”
Lestrade sighed, and slowly, he said, “My lord, I’ve devoted most of my time to his company for these two years of your reign.”
John busied himself with preparing the soap and sponge, trying to look like he belonged there. “I would like to.”
“I wasn’t scared this time, sir.” Rising slowly from the ground, Sherlock began removing his cloak and putting his satchel aside. “I wanted to be with you.”
Turning away from my laptop screen, I looked at the bloke who had spoken to me. The man seemed like someone out of a men’s fashion mag—button-up shirt and waistcoat, pressed trousers, leather bag with a shoulder strap, and I’m pretty sure his hat was a fedora. I was pretty sure the cartoon cats on his necktie didn’t fit the fashion-mag look, however, nor did his friendly smile.
Despite John’s unobtrusiveness, William noticed his subtle assistance. “John… You don’t think this is too ordinary an activity for me?”
The king prepared him for a long time, with so much care that even when Sherlock whimpered and tried to push himself back, to take King John’s touch further into himself, his master held him still, and murmured comforting words to him that put him at ease, as much at ease as he could be when he ached to be used by the fine man who had taken his heart.
Mycroft…? Sherlock’s eyes opened wide, and he looked at his brother, who had obviously kept so much of himself hidden all these years.
“Sherlock, it’s all right! Oh, it’s always all right!” It seemed that John’s self-control was weakening, because the servant suddenly latched onto Sherlock’s person, hugging the startled nobleman. “You can be yourself around me. It’s okay!”
“Lovers can do many things together,” the king responded. “I did not want to overwhelm you with anything more… complex. But please, rest assured that I enjoyed this very much.”
“Jeeves knows more than he’s letting on, John.” He eyed Jeeves intensely, not that looks of any intensity had any effect on Jeeves. “His club possesses a book with sensitive information on those who employs its members. That book has information I want.”
“But…” And here I finally gave in to the question that had been burning in my mind hotter than the tea in my mug. “Aren’t you two dating now?”
Where the king had robust, manly stubble, Sherlock’s face was smooth. Most of Sherlock was smooth; he preferred to be as clean-shaven as possible, even if this had sometimes earned him mockery from peers. Rough hair hardly suited his thin body, certainly much less than it suited the broad, rugged physique of King John.
‘Dear Mr. Holmes, I do not want to place your brother in any danger. Dear Mr. Holmes, ignore my previous letter, as your brother is a danger in his own right.’
“I’m sorry, Sherlock.” John paused, concerned, though when Sherlock whimpered with need, he quickly resumed his task. “This is good though, isn’t it? I’m going to spill myself in you, mark you with my seed.”
I knew nothing of you beforehand. But you stated that you are here at the request of my brother, and I know that he refuses to believe that I can live by myself. In other words, he has hired you to be my nanny. Why would a respectable physician volunteer to play nursemaid to an insignificant blind man? Because the physician has no other alternatives. Something keeps you from practice, probably your physical handicap. I do not just mean the limp in your leg which necessitates your cane—which is not for show, since you favoured one side heavily as you ascended the stairs to this flat—no, I think it’s the tremor in your hand.
Sherlock removed the belts from John’s storage chest, and the tall bottle as well. “What should I do with these, John?”
“It’s all right, Sherlock. You’re safe here. Everything will be all right. Go on, dress for bed, now.”
John’s old friend lived there, as did a small number of warriors who were responsible for the upkeep of the fortress. There were also many young trainees who came to this castle to learn the art of war from more experienced soldiers.
Sherlock was thrilled that the king would tell him so much, yet he needed to know more. “What is it that you want, sir? Um, if I might be so bold as to ask.”
The unfortunate opponents who faced King John hardly stood a chance. They were knocked to the ground in almost no time at all. It had not seemed possible, but the king seemed to be even stronger than he had been in the previous contests. Sherlock clutched his poor satchel as he watched in rapt anticipation when the king mounted his horse once more and battled his last challenger. King John’s lance crashed against the opposing shield, and then there could be no doubt that he would be the victor of this tournament.
mine.” John’s tone was low and dangerous. He almost pitied any person who ever tried to take Sherlock away from him. “How does this feel?”
Sherlock leaned closer, turned John’s face back to him, and kissed him chastely but soundly. He loved the little sounds that escaped John. He imagined all the noise his servant would make if he did not hold himself back. Or perhaps, Sherlock wondered as he thought of the gifts he had ordered, if he
It is greatly disconcerting to have an empty gaze staring back at you, is it not? I have perceived how this affects people. I would rather not have my clients so distracted by my soulless eyes that they will not bring me their problems.
The baby coughed a little, and her attentive mother picked up a napkin to wipe the dribble at the corner of its mouth, making some reassuring sounds when the baby gave a little fuss.
Sherlock supposed that it might be best for them to confront their issues this way, by thinking about how they would act in the future rather than how they had been set against each other in the past. Or perhaps this was not the best way, but the only way they could manage, at present.
Suddenly, it occurred to John how soppy his writing was, but he wasn’t about to lie to Sherlock. “It’s a bit sentimental, so don’t laugh. It says, ‘Sherlock and John, forever.’ So at least this place will know what we mean to each other.”
“Nothing in particular, sir. I’ve never been outside the town before, and everything is unfamiliar to me. It was scary, being out there on my own.” He dutifully removed the second sturdy boot, placing the pair neatly to the side. “It feels safer to be with you, sir.”
Moving closer to Sherlock’s ear, the king murmured, “I didn’t want you to sleep away from me, and yet, this was a golden opportunity for me. I could get myself off here, on this bed, imagining I had you under me.”
You don’t have to bend the truth, Watson. I know why you live with me. To look after a defenceless, disabled client.
Not exactly. I was inspired when I noticed how terribly jealous Mycroft became when he learned the two of us had shared a waltz—a reaction that I had carelessly failed to foresee, but one that can be replicated in my dear companion.
King John hadn’t seemed very pleased about any of the overtures extended to his servant, either. The king had kept his seat for a while, until the second person offered to procure a drink for Sherlock. Then, he was up from his seat, telling Sherlock to follow him at once.
John approached the bed without thinking, every nerve in his body demanding to be closer to Sherlock. “I can’t take my eyes off you.”
“I thought it was interesting, too, especially when I thought about how the two of us could use the things we saw.” John kissed Sherlock on the cheek. It was incredible that he could share this intimacy with this beautiful creature. “You are magical, aren’t you, Sherlock?”
No, I’m not afraid he’ll report us. I’m afraid he’ll take that cane right out of your hand and knock me over the head with it!
There was a familiar digital sound from Bertie’s pocket, and within moments, he was packing up, though not as easily as he had in the past.
Sherlock loved how considerate John was for him; well, usually he did. At the moment, he could only think of how much he needed John. “I’ve
Once she left, Sherlock gave a cursory glance at the crowd. There was nothing that could keep his attention. People laughed and drank and sang songs. He wondered if, in the days before William had selfishly taken the kind apothecary away, John had ever come here. It was likely that John had kept his friends and colleagues enthralled with his mysteries. As irrational as it was, though, Sherlock preferred to think that the stories were only for him. Maybe for their future children, too.
As soon as he entered the noisy place, he saw a familiar person leaning on the bar, talking to other people. The priest turned towards John, with a wide smile of recognition. “John, there you are. I haven’t seen you in ages.”
“Hmm.” My eyes rose to the ceiling as I thought about his problem. “You could try calling Jeeves by his first name, even when he’s working. It will probably feel odd at first if you’ve never done that before, but things are different now. It might help him feel more equal to you.”
“Well sir, a king can’t love a servant.” Leaning just slightly away, Sherlock murmured, “After all, that’s why you couldn’t have meant what you said in the fortress.”
“When you said you said you loved me, s-sir. Even if you didn’t mean it… it was the most wonderful thing I’ve ever heard…”
This surprised John, and though he was a little amused, he was also somewhat concerned. “You know I would still love you, with an heir or without, right? No matter what, I’ll be happy with you.”
Shame bore down on John. He blushed, afraid that he had overstepped his boundaries. “I’m s-sorry, M’lord, I didn’t mean—”
Drawn inexorably to Sherlock, John leaned forward to gently learn the forbidden taste of the man who was by far his superior, delighted that Sherlock was whimpering with pleasure now. His own body was loving every moment of this, though he knew he wasn’t going to be seeing to his own urges tonight. This was all to comfort the greatest man he had ever known, his brilliant Sherlock.
“Oh, John!” Sherlock cried, clutching the bed under him. Really, how could John ever doubt he was good enough? “John, just there!”
Still leaning into the chest, Sherlock nonetheless replied. “Are you going to ask them about your plan? About hosting a tournament to find someone worthy as an heir?”
William grunted in hardly-concealed gratitude, and though John could not expect to sate the heat that was calming to a simmer in his own body, he appreciated it anyway, as one of the many nice feelings that came with being held with his back to Sherlock’s chest.
I didn’t mean to insult you. The vast majority of people do not take the time to notice what is right under their noses.
Not wanting Sherlock to feel bad about it, John didn’t say that he was buying the cider for the sake of his servant, but he also didn’t bother hiding how inordinately pleased he was when Sherlock wanted some of the drink John had acquired.
Sherlock recognized it instantly, that melancholy that he sometimes observed in King John. Something had caused King John to be sad again. The urge rose within the servant to ask what the matter was, but he was only a servant, and asking about what was undoubtedly a personal matter would be inappropriate.
Sherlock could not bear John’s generous words, and yet he was hungry for more of his dear servant’s warmth. He closed the door behind John, and came behind him, closing his arms around the other man. He fancied that John was breathing a little faster that moment, and it was lovely to behold. “May I undress you?”
Yes. You can call me… Peterson. What is the nature of the urgent business you have with Mr. Holmes, sir?
Sherlock hadn’t realized that he was doing so, but he felt now that King John’s fingers, still gently touching his chin, felt remarkably still compared to his own body, which shuddered helplessly.
Throughout the carriage ride back to the village, and indeed, while they walked to the inn, John continued to ponder how he might speak to Sherlock about this. However, it did not seem possible to him to ask for what his body longed for in any polite manner. He could not think of a way to phrase it as even somewhat decent.
I should say that the void was better for it, but the tune left something to be desired, at least in my opinion. These things are a matter of taste, I suppose. One surely noted a jazzy sentiment behind it, yet I thought the notes fell flat, and don’t I mean it.
“To thank you, for your support. Didn’t I tell you that?” King John took back the hand that had been touching Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock certainly made John’s life interesting. It was a novel experience to show a servant the wonders of the world. They had long ceased to be wonders to John, who had seen and done many things in his reign as king, but they became wonders again when Sherlock was next to him, excitedly examining every little thing he was not familiar with.
“Think about it, Sherlock. If you’re still interested when the tournament is over, let me know, and I’ll find a spot for you in the convoy.”
“I would keep you anyway, of course.” John almost cringed when he heard himself say these precise words. Even when he was trying to act casually, it seemed, some of his inexplicable possessiveness slipped through.
Probably for lack of anything better to do, John opened the door for Lestrade. “Um, I’m glad it’s all okay.” He smiled at the Father. “You’re certainly the most open-minded priest I’ve ever known.”
For a moment we both thought in silence, then Bertie spoke again. “Oh, but I don’t mean to make this all about me. You must think me awfully self-absorbed. Does all continue well between you and Sherlock?”
Pulling back and moving one of his hands to where his mouth had been, John spoke to Sherlock in a low, rough voice. “I love you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock felt a touch of pride for lighting the fire himself, by striking flint and steel. Now he liked to think that, through it, he was somehow reaching out to try to warm the majestic king.
Saddened by William’s little tirade, John tried to turn around and hide what he had found. He thought of pointing out that clothes needed time to be made, but he believed, or hoped, that there was some other cause for William’s anger. Trying to change the subject, John asked, “Did something upset you today?”
They were in an apple orchard near a village, where their convoy was resting and stocking up on supplies. As soon as they had approached the orchard, Sherlock had been amazed by the apple trees, which he had never seen before. Sherlock studied them attentively, like how a scientist would study an interesting sample.
John welcomed this of course, and Sherlock took his place next to the king. Touching Sherlock’s curly hair, John was getting his fill of admiring his pretty servant, so that he noticed instantly when Sherlock’s thoughts started to turn sour again.
John kissed his servant then. He did not want to overwhelm Sherlock, so he restrained himself, though he could not keep some of his passion out of their kiss, especially when Sherlock softly moaned. This embrace was terrifically pleasing, though it did more to tease the king than to satisfy him. Alas, they were in a public place, and the kiss could not last.
“Recipes, perfumes, medicines.” Sherlock placed his next apple in the basket that John was holding. The king felt proud to be carrying things that had captured Sherlock’s fascination.
If John was going to abandon his good sense enough to admit his love, then he might as well get all that he wanted, while he still could. “My name, scream it loud, Sherlock, just this once. I don’t want to hear anything but you crying my name.”
“I could not take my eyes away from you.” Sherlock felt vulnerable, admitting so much, but it was all right. The king was stroking his cheek reassuringly.
“Oh,” Sherlock gasped, and his lush, dark curls fell back on the bed. His body wriggled instinctively, his arms shaking where they were held over his head, his legs tensing over John’s back. “Oh, Your M-Majesty… Please…”
Once there, I had a quick word with the pianist. He, being one of those professional Johnnies, getting his fee either way, gave me the go-for-it, and for it I went.
“It’s only a servant position, John. Of course, you don’t have to take the offer. But I know you’d like to find honest work to help your family, so I thought I would mention it to you. There are worse places to work in than a nice castle. His Highness has other staff waiting on him, so I doubt your duties would be strenuous. He just wants someone he can always depend on.”
You have the unmistakable manner of a military man. How you speak, the way you walk—too measured for someone without military service. An English army doctor; wounded and invalided home. At your age—you do not sound much older than myself—the tremor in your hand is most likely psychological. This makes it likely that you were injured recently, and under strenuous circumstances. You were in Afghanistan.
In any case, I believe you were raising an issue regarding your new flatmate. If you would, calmly, explain?
“Considering where I was, it’s no wonder you didn’t find me.” Though Lestrade seemed to attempt a little smile, his tone was deliberate, and maybe sad. “Sir, I think it’s time I tell you where I’ve been.”
“You feel nice,” John assured him softly, though it only seemed to make William’s heavy breaths even shakier. Possibly to keep himself from being much louder, William kissed John’s neck with an almost hungry desire, and it made John feel wanted and wonderful.
“I am certain there is an avenue that you missed. An apothecary’s apprentice with the skills of a former soldier has a great deal to offer.” Sherlock wrapped his scarf tightly about himself. “For now, I know that it is nearly time for you to leave. Think on it, John.”
I never had to. How you have spent your time is perfectly obvious. Pining for a white man, what hope does a black fellow have? None whatsoever. Particularly when the first is full of life and spirit, and the other finds himself rather dull and uninviting. His affection could never be returned. It would be absolutely hopeless. So he has had no other recourse but to sadly lock himself away in his rooms, in lonely solitude, and—
Sherlock closed the door, and started taking off his boots. It was easier to talk to his boots than to his master. “Nothing is wrong. I… I, um, I couldn’t sleep, sir.”
“God, what I would do! Oh, I have no right to keep with you me.” The king’s grasp on Sherlock’s hand became a bit tighter. “No right at all.”
Breathing roughly, the king muttered, “How did I ever think once could be enough? Oh, forgive me, Sherlock, you looked so lovely on that bed, oh, I never wanted to leave that room in the inn.”
Murmuring to John’s ear, Sherlock murmured, “I would very much like to clean you.” In no hurry, he kissed his servant’s neck. “May I?”
John kissed Sherlock on the cheek, feeling his stubble scrape against Sherlock’s soft, pale skin. “My poor Sherlock. You’re still upset, aren’t you?”
The servant felt himself flush at the praise, but thanks to the commanding gaze of his master, which was steady even as the king gave in to the basest part of his nature, Sherlock managed not to turn away in embarrassment. He could hardly look away when doing so would be defying the king’s will.
“I do trust you.” Sherlock looked at one of his own bound hands. “But it’s hard to think someone could want me so much…”
The averting gaze wandered back, and the corner of his mouth lifted noticeably, possibly by an entire quarter of an inch.
The king moaned endlessly. “It was p-paradise. He wanted to e-empty himself in her,” he said, as he graced Sherlock with another thrust, “but he never wanted it to end…”
“Is it all right for me to be Sherlock, John?” Sherlock asked. He worked steadily to relieve his beloved, staunchly ignoring his own body’s demands. It was a terrific pleasure in itself to see John react so strongly to a simple touch.
After Sherlock had pressed cider as much as he liked, he mentioned that he wanted to pick apples, though there were still cleaning duties for him to see to in the caravan. Of course, he was quickly given the king’s permission to stay in the orchard for a while longer.
That was an unexpected question. John hadn’t considered any of the paintings that much. Like Sherlock had, John glanced around the gallery of paintings, though he gave up on it when his eyes came across the pretty servant with curly hair and sparkling eyes. “It’s hard to think much of any of them,” John admitted, “when I can just look at you.”
“I’d say we’re already on our next adventure, though. The greatest adventure I’ve ever known.” John wrapped his arms around Sherlock. “Ruling my kingdom with the love of my life.”
“Really!” the woman said happily. “How exciting for him. Would he like to see what he’s in for? William loves meeting people.”
That had been a mistake. Sherlock’s victory slipped away as Mycroft stiffened. “Are you going to tell me that I should have such a scar?”
Hope truly was in the air in that grove. The king was hoping that he could find an heir through a tournament, and he was sure that Sherlock shared in that hope. John was going against tradition with his plan, and in the end, success would depend on whether or not he had the support of his people.
John didn’t know how William knew he was holding something, but his master had always been a perceptive man. He weakly surrendered the toy horse.
These words struck John like a heavy blow. Sherlock was right. The fortress was where John had made that awful mistake. While trying to help Sherlock relax, he’d inadvertently done the same to himself, too much so, and had let those tempting, tortuous words slip from his lips. In the inn near the art festival, John had admitted that he’d meant those words, but it was only natural that Sherlock would doubt that, as they carried a promise that no reputable king could keep to a servant.
John might have laughed, if his servant hadn’t looked so genuinely concerned. Still, the king could hardly believe what he had heard. “
There were other battles to be done between other warriors, but when King John left the arena, surrounded by an entourage of nobles and knights, Sherlock immediately left his seat. He didn’t try to follow the king, for he was certain that he would not be welcome in such esteemed company. There was no reason for him to stay in the audience, though.
There is no need to be unpleasant. When I was trained, the only system I learned for reading and writing for those who are blind was raised lettering.
Furthermore, I hadn’t thought Jeeves would be at Bertie’s home. In my mind, a personal assistant was someone who drove all over the place, constantly picking up coffee and laundered clothes. It was reasonable to think that a PA does some work in an office, too, arranging schedules and setting up meetings, yet that hardly accounted for him being in Bertie’s apartment. Unless Jeeves was here as Bertie’s boyfriend, and not as his PA?
There was too much hesitation in that answer for Sherlock. He wanted John with a deep passion, but only if that passion was returned. “Wait, don’t you want this, John?”
The king actually seemed surprised. “You might not want that, Sherlock… I’m not the easiest master to serve. A king has a lot of things that need taking care of. The work could be demanding.”
You’re thoughts have gone to that person whom you truly wish to be spending this evening with, I perceive. I suggest that there is a different prospective dance partner on your mind. My brother Mycroft—
Placing a hand on Sherlock’s cheek, where he had kissed his servant, John caressed him lightly. “Someday, Sherlock, I’ll have you convinced of how much I cherish you.”
He felt no better to be surrounded by the fine furniture he found there, and certainly not when John had so acquiescently followed his lead. But there was the large bed, with its useless sheer canopy. It was the place that John had chosen, which redeemed it.
As if it were an entirely normal action, Sherlock lifted John’s foot and sniffed the dirty bottom of his shoe. “The dirt is not varied enough for a courier—you haven’t ventured further than a few blocks this past month.”
Sherlock noticed that he had been too engrossed in thinking to answer John’s question. It did not matter, apparently, because John had forgiven this with characteristic understanding and continued to dust the dressing room. What incredible fortune the king possessed, to have the loyalty of this kind man.
John didn’t bother removing Sherlock’s trousers entirely before pulling his underwear down and touching Sherlock with a slicked hand.
“Those are all different things?” Sherlock asked, bemused. He didn’t see how there could be much of a difference between walking and trotting and such. The king really did know so much about the world, so many curious facts that interested the inexperienced servant.
Now, Doctor… Watson, is it? I have heard that he offers helpful little insights, but I hardly think a blind man can live up to all your generous praise.
King John started rubbing Sherlock’s hip, which sent pleasant sensations rippling throughout the shy body of the servant. Sherlock groaned at the wonderful feeling, and his head rolled back. A great need was building in the core of his body, but it was strangely calming to feel this need stoked ever hotter by his master’s caresses.
Driven to heights of love and depths of lust, John growled, and not another moment passed before he had Sherlock between his lips again, and sucked him intently.
John’s inspiring smile filled William with pride. “Yes, you’re right, sir. How did you know all that?”
Sherlock bowed slightly, playfully sniffing John’s arm, admiring how the soap mingled with John’s homely scent. “If you do not mind being loved by an eccentric nobleman who cares so little about class and society?”
John nodded. At the time, he had always carried rudimentary medical supplies in his knapsack. Plenty of strong men had volunteered to be soldiers, but there were hardly any healers at hand. He liked to think that he had aided his fellow countrymen, though they had rarely shown the simple apothecary any gratitude.
“Peasants,” Montgomery muttered. He slowly circled around John, looking him up and down. “Something traditional for you, I believe. A belted tunic would do. I advise cross-gartered leggings, they do wonders for short men.”
Sherlock was apparently a more reclusive individual than John had guessed. He despaired that he could not find Sherlock before he was sent away, but he thought of one small way to reach his friend. He wrote a letter, one that was probably too sentimental for Sherlock’s tastes but would have to do, and left it with his sister, instructing her to give it to someone named Sherlock Holmes if such a person ever came by their house wondering where John Watson had gone. If he actually sought John out, the letter would tell Sherlock where John was and why John could not meet him at the church any longer.
I’d thought more about what they’d told me, and I was starting to understand just how different their circumstances were compared to ours. Social positions meant more in their world, and going against the status quo would bring them consequences that Sherlock and I didn’t have to worry about. It made sense that they wouldn’t want to advertise the fact that they were dating. Bertie even mentioned to me that some pals of his who’d married outside their class had chosen to elope in secret, so it wouldn’t surprise me if those two someday did the same, assuming they get to that stage, and I have a feeling they will.
“Did you like sucking me, Sherlock?” he asked, enjoying the bashfulness that came over Sherlock in response.
A strong desire rose in William to hold his gentle beloved’s hands, which were trembling just perceptibly as they fiddled with a fastening. The noble lord doubted that it was the priest himself who distressed John, so his distress must have been on account of the little act of defiance that the mention of the priest had necessitated.
“Sherlock.” John’s entire being, from his body down to his soul, ached to enter Sherlock, and to feel Sherlock’s tight, hot entrance around him while he gratified his servant. It was exquisite to anticipate making love to Sherlock so completely, and for so long, that Sherlock could never again doubt how desired he was.
“I’m sorry sir,” Lestrade began, “but John’s a new servant here, and an old pal of mine, too. He needs an updated wardrobe.”
John seemed happy enough for the change in topic, though he was confused by this new problem. “What’s wrong with it?”
All the inappropriate thoughts that John had ever had for Sherlock were rushing back to him. The nobleman’s soft manner had always been heart-warming, his focused energy electrifying. Though the gentle demeanour was nowhere to be found, and he was not wearing the scarf that John had grown accustomed to seeing around the tall man’s neck, William was no less magnificent to behold. He was refined and dominant, with something more passionate just beneath the surface.
“I’m s-sorry,” Sherlock stammered, at a complete loss for what to do when being touched by both of King John’s hands and enveloped by his gaze, “I d-didn’t mean to alarm you. My mind sometimes wanders.”
“Oh, sorry,” Sherlock whispered, dropping his eyes to the floor, to the sword he had dropped once again. He felt himself flush from the embarrassment of being so clumsy in front of this man.
Tenderly, John pushed another finger into Sherlock. “I’ll fill you with me, I’ll take you completely. It’ll mean so much. We’re together, we’re connected, we’re doing what we both want to do with each other. And it will leave a lasting feeling in both of us. It’s natural and beautiful. It’ll feel so lovely, when I fill you with my seed.”
“You’re so lively, Sherlock. You’re curious about so many things. There’s beautiful energy in you. I could barely stand it. When you were humming to the music of the chorus, you were so enchanting. It took all my willpower not to hold you close like the treasure you are. And then you were so fascinated by the bees! It was too much. And now, I must watch you admire these flowers, and I can do nothing but admire you. There’s nothing wrong with you touching the flowers, but I shouldn’t touch you.”
Standing there was the splendid king he had seen in the tournament. Despite no longer being outfitted in plate armour, the king was no less splendid now than he had been before. Being this close, Sherlock could clearly see that the king had a broad, athletic build. He was not wearing the regal garments he had worn before the crowd, but his fine garments still proclaimed his nobility.
Sheepishly, Sherlock turned away. “I’ve always thought too much about things. I know a servant shouldn’t think too much.”
With adorable bashfulness, Sherlock nodded, and John started removing the clothes from his servant. Being allowed to slide the garments off Sherlock’s body, when Sherlock was so shy and sweet that he could not do it himself, made John’s blood burn. Desire and affection coursed hotly through his body. He yearned for the moment when he could show Sherlock how much he was wanted. The desire in the king to make Sherlock writhe and scream with joy matched another wish within John, though that one could not be satisfied.
“I’ve got you, Sherlock, oh, you’re so incredible.” Each word was truly a balm for Sherlock’s besotted soul, invigorating his heart in the spiritual and physical realms.
Silently, John bit his lip. Clearly, he was suffering from some insecurity he could not voice aloud.
“Sherlock.” At once, King John closed the door to the caravan, and lifted up Sherlock’s tunic, swiftly getting to work on the fastening of Sherlock’s breeches. “Maybe a second time, a second time will do it…”
“Sir…” Sherlock said the word with reverence. He watched his master bring himself off. To him, there was not a more fascinating subject in the world.
I already felt lost in the lobby, which was a sort of upscale reception area. Across the spacious expanse of this lobby, I saw someone at a computer behind the reception desk who was dressed to impress, and a couple of people with clothes that were just as classy passed me by on their way out. This all made me wonder if I’d come to the right place. Was this a block of flats or a luxury hotel?
Sherlock was powerless to John’s hand, and he could not stop the deep groans coming from himself. He hardly cared, not when John was murmuring to him in such a soothing tone. The words melted around Sherlock and sent a rush through his veins. When John guided him to thrust, Sherlock knew in some distant part of his mind that he would soon be undone.
“There’s no reason to put him away.” William stood up, and made to fetch his cloak. “Silver Blaze was meant to be seen.”
There was nothing Sherlock wanted more than to belong to this great king. How grand it would have been, if King John could have kissed him in that alehouse, in front of everyone who was there. Then everyone would have known that he was King John’s. But he was grateful to have the kisses of King John however he could get them.
John stroked the sides of Sherlock’s face, loving the little sounds that came from Sherlock. A deep, almost primal delight filled John at the thought that these noises were for him. “Actually, I would like something, Sherlock, if you wouldn’t mind.”
He sighed, and oiled the next sword under his care. Even if he was certainly never going to have another chance to speak to King John, Sherlock could at least look forward to the joust, at which time he would be able to see the king in action once again.
Sherlock was a novice in this area as he was with many things, but that was all right, as his dear master was generous enough to lead the kiss, and he did so with a passion. Whimpering with pleasure, the servant gave into the king completely, letting his jaw move as the king directed.
what’s proper,” Sherlock muttered. It was all too much. “I hate that I can’t have John sitting at my side when I make a proclamation to the city. I hate that I have to compete with the only family I have in the whole world—and he can’t even tell me when he’s shagging my priest!”
For not the first time, John was touched by how much Sherlock wanted to serve him. “Sherlock,” he whispered.
It hadn’t just been that one individual. With what little demureness he could achieve, Sherlock had immediately distanced himself from the flirtatious noble, but that had not been the end of it. A few other men had given him glances of certain significance, and two offered to buy him a drink.
He didn’t answer me. I thought that was rude, until I saw the wild look in his eyes. It was like something on the screen had gripped him completely.
Feelings other than pride started to build within the king, when his eyes met those of his adorable servant. John felt sweet affection, and a tension also. He knew by now that these were symptoms of his love for Sherlock, a love that persisted stubbornly through all of the king’s struggles to control his feelings.
“We’re meeting right now. Unless you’d rather be left alone? I can’t say I liked the forlorn way you had your head in yours hands, though, and I think I should have taken a picture of your face a minute ago, as there ought to be a few art schools that would love to get their hands on the perfect expression of human sadness.”
“Oh, I need you too, Sherlock. I’ll do my best for you.” John took his position behind Sherlock and, at last, entered him gently, with a long groan. “Oh, Sherlock…”
Sherlock spent some more time sniffing different specimens, and John found a bare spot of stone wall that struck him with inspiration. He stepped in front of it, and got to work.
Though he could never move to a higher station in life, Sherlock could have at least done better to serve his masters. As a result of his inadequacy, he had even less freedom now than he ever did. He was always at the mercy of employers in enough need of another servant for a while. Sherlock would never be worthy of living securely in the service of a great master who wished to keep him, in some exciting place far away from here.
John looked debauched and magnificent with flushed skin and dishevelled, pillowed hair. “You really don’t know,” he said softly. “Sir… your gifts… can I…?”
After a while, it was time to feed the horses. Knowing that their horse would require more than just grass, John climbed into the caravan to pour some oats into a bucket. He found Sherlock already in the caravan, doing just that.
Sherlock’s grip slowly tightened on John’s. “I want to do everything for you. If I do everything for you, you’ll never have to leave me.”
It is useless to try to deceive myself any longer. In my own journal, no less, which none but myself should ever see. Why, Holmes is not even able to read this! But he can read me. I cannot let him touch me again. God knows what he divined from my pulse, for surely that was why he touched my arm when he… came so close to me. Blast it, how do I keep such a secret from the man whose occupation is to unravel mysteries?
John wondered if Sherlock was somehow jealous, though that couldn’t be possible. “I work for him, Sherlock. It’s different.”
“Certainly he’s working now. PAs are like snowflakes, John—no two are alike. My PA happens to be a paragon of PAs who does just about anything I need done, and then some. And it’s not just what I need done, either. Really, Jeeves isn’t so much a PA as a Mayfair consultant. He pulls me and my pals out of the soup at regular intervals with his brainy schemes. I fancy, now that you mention it, he’s made a unique position for himself. How many chaps could do all that he does? I’m lucky to have such a man under my roof.”
Sherlock gasped, and reflexively grabbed onto John. It made the king happy that his servant would reach for him like that.
It was astonishing to Sherlock that the king would be so interested in the servant’s life. Nevertheless, he answered the king, of course. “I will be without work when the tournament ends.”
Leaning in closer, perhaps slightly too close, if only for a moment, John whispered, “Know that I’m fighting for you, Sherlock. I want to be your champion.”
It is true that I cannot see the first punch coming, as it were, but it only takes me a moment to get a sufficient hold—
As part of the castle staff, John, too, was required to bathe once a week. Of course, nobody assisted him, but King William generously allowed John to use his own luxurious bath. It was a kind offer, one that John feared he was betraying when he sank into the water and thought of how Sherlock would feel against his body if they were to bathe together.
It was probably somewhat unfair for him to use his king’s newfound jealousy this way, but the desired effect occurred, as the king grunted with agreement and instantly held Sherlock close in his arms. In that wonderful position, Sherlock felt more assured than he ever had before, and he was very comfortable for a very long time.
Sherlock carefully rolled off the bed, careful not to disturb John, and went to the bathroom. Many times, John had run a bath for him and cleaned him with gentle, unassuming hands. It pained Sherlock to remember that whenever John bathed himself, he had done so alone. This morning would be different. He ran a bath, and set the soap and sponge to the side in easy reach.
The only alternative Sherlock could think of was to keep their spirits bound to their bodies, but that was not really an option.
It occurred to Sherlock that he was being foolish. Sherlock did not have the strength to push himself away from the paradise of King John’s embrace, but he had the decency to turn his face away at least.
Lestrade! Lestrade was the answer, of course, how could he not have thought of it sooner? But that man was impossible to find in this castle! It seemed that everyone else knew where the priest was, and if this issue was not of a confidential nature, then William could simply order a servant to send a message through unimportant channels to Lestrade. However, considering the extremely sensitive nature of the issue, William was required to speak to Lestrade in person.
The future loomed ominously in the distance before Sherlock, who knew that pharaohs were simply not meant to marry common men, but whatever happened, he and John had exchanged vows of loyalty and devotion, and that was what mattered now.
Sherlock felt viscous oil being spread over his palms by the king’s warm hands. The way that his master’s touch so easily took control of his own hands made the contact feel startling intimate. When a steady thumb made circles in one of Sherlock’s palms, the servant couldn’t help another groan.
“I realize that, during our first date, if I may be so bold as to refer to that evening by that description, I was not the scintillating suitor you deserve.”
John guided one of Sherlock’s arms to the corner of the bed. “Then I’ll have you in every way, Sherlock.”
Sherlock had a very bad habit of spying. He’d been scolded enough to know that this was true. He didn’t mean to upset his employers by doing it; he was only interested in their lives, which were so much more noteworthy than his own. He was also generally terrible at following directions. His mind would wander, or he would become intrigued by some unimportant part of his task. All things considered, he was not anyone’s ideal servant.
“Well, for one thing, why is he in your house making you coffee and fixing your clothes? Is he working right now? I thought a PA filed things in offices and picked up takeaway.”
Sherlock’s thankfulness grew larger in his breast as he collapsed onto the bed with John, who held onto him and breathed with him as they both came down from the euphoria they had shared.
‘Dear Mr. Holmes, I wonder about the different kinds of people you meet. Dear Mr. Holmes, reading one of your letters is always the high point of my day.’
It’s all quite innocent. I became familiar with his person when we shared a brief waltz the other day.
“His umbrella? Are you sure?” The king sounded steadier than his shocked state should have allowed. William had never thought it possible that his brother would have held onto it. “Was it made of wood?”
Sherlock had pushed his way through the crowd, so that he could move close enough to see everything he could possibly see. He was able to glimpse the magnificent picture that the king made as he was poised to shoot, the arrow sticking out an inch past the bow. The arrows moved so quickly that Sherlock could only follow their path belatedly, though he tried to watch their movement as best he could. He could not fathom why, but he needed to see as much of those arrows, as much of this skilled force coming from the king’s capable hand, as he possibly could.
In a short while, John returned with Lestrade. Once again, John closed the door to give them some privacy.
“We couldn’t possibly have known about his habit. It is reassuring, though, even if I am learning more about Mycroft than I ever intended to.”
That earned him a sudden and sharp glare from William, which made John feel more sad than offended. “I am not Sherlock, John. Put that person far from your mind.” Then William looked down again, at his tools and himself. “He should never have been… Him and Mycroft, they were just the misguided illusions of children…”
I thought perhaps Jeeves might have some background info to explain this abrupt inquiry, though even he seemed taken aback. “I understand you are Mr. Holmes,” Jeeves uttered, never the chap to go on in conversation without having gone through the introductions first.
John hugged him. “With us for fathers and them for uncles,” he muttered light-heartedly, “our children will turn out magnificently.”
“Y-Yes, sir.” John swallowed. Though he had known he would be working for a powerful aristocrat, John had not expected his master’s voice to be so deep and commanding. “John Wa—John,” he said, knowing that His Highness would have no interest in a commoner’s last name. “My name is John.”
Holmes allowed me to stay as his assistant. I like to think I’ve become a close acquaintance of his. Or is
The servant was smitten with this man, with what they were doing together, although his joy was diminished by a fear that he would not be allowed to do this again. Noblemen were still men, and they could become lonely as many others did, but John did not think that he was worthy enough to hold a place of meaning in Sherlock’s heart. He was King William, after all, which meant that he had his pick of all the country had to offer, but for this moment at least, he had John, and John could give him everything.
As he remembered sending Lestrade on that fortuitous errand, William’s mind threatened to wander elsewhere, to the endless touch of rain and the muddy grass under his boots, to lettings things escape his mouth that should never be said in the presence of the holy man standing next to him in the countryside. The priest who had been entrusted with the confessions of kings knew things of William that could have him destroyed.
Sherlock could not sleep. It was impossible to sleep when there was palpable emptiness inside him. All he could think about was King John, the handsome man who had conquered his opponents in the tournament, the gallant man who had been incredibly generous to his servant.
What, do you think Watson would not accept that my brother is a black man? Assuming you’re still black. I’m still not sure how much these things change. Well, Mycroft, then you don’t know my companion.
Despite his astonishment, John chuckled, a joyous, welcome sound. “You think somebody is going to leave a baby in a basket at Father Lestrade’s feet?”
Mycroft did appear just then, entering the hallway from the other side. It was obvious from the understated way he was dressed that he did not intend to appear in front of the public. “I will be around,” he said simply, in passing. It was Lestrade who he stopped in front of. “I expect to see you after the ceremony.”
It was possible that the king enjoyed music, despite that. Being of a sophisticated class, he probably did, but naturally, he would not discuss music with any seriousness with Sherlock. The music of nobles and the educated, which was refined and sophisticated, and relied on hours of study and expensive instruments, was not meant for people low in status and importance.
“I’m not a boy,” Sherlock protested. “And there will be little sympathy to be had. Mycroft and I are nothing alike.”
Respectfully, Sherlock rested his head on his master’s knee. He didn’t demand an answer from his master. It was as if he would accept any decision the king made. John wouldn’t be surprised if that were the case.
“And you are the most enchanting creature my bed could ever have known,” John said, before Sherlock could doubt himself. Though he grew surer of himself over time, the servant was still sometimes beset by such doubts.
“I’m not sure how to say it.” After taking a moment, apparently to consider his words, Sherlock shook his head. “There is no good way to say it. I’m failing you, sir. I should be able to sire your children for you. It is my failure that necessitates this plan.”
John had been born the son of an apothecary, learning all manner of practical medicine from the day he could walk. When the previous monarch had called for able-bodied volunteers to rise for battle, John dutifully rose, taking all that he had learned in his father’s shop with him. At the age of twenty-five, he stormed onto the battlefield with his fellow soldiers, taking every opportunity to drop to his knees at the side of an injured comrade with his various tonics and surgeon’s tools at the ready.
It took everything John had not to mutter indignantly. “I know how to act. I’ll use only my proper manners.”
They soon found transportation, and once they were seated in the carriage, the doors firmly closed, Mycroft remarked, “you have another secret to share with me.”
“Except for a servant,” John whispered. “I can’t count on anyone always being there for me, but… a servant will do whatever their master asks, so a master doesn’t have any reason to leave their servant, right?”
“I was going to take myself in hand,” his master said, his voice rough and low, “and think about my sweet, innocent servant, who knows so little of the world, who was at the mercy of his master. I brought oil just to put on my hand, but I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t put my hand down my trousers and pretend it was you.”
Glad to be of service, John nodded, and quickly found a sword and sheath. Less than three years had passed since the end of the war, and the weight still felt familiar on his hip. He fancied that the weapon complemented his new clothes.
Feeling his way further down, John’s eyes widened, and then darkened with lust. He had not noticed that William had become so aroused.
“Oh, if you would like that?” Sherlock said, happily. “Of course, sir.” He hopped off the bed energetically, and found the violin case that had been left at the side of the room.
This amount of enthusiasm was something to which I could relate, since I had a date of my own later that day that I was very much looking forward to.
King John seemed thoughtful for a moment, slowly running his hand through his smooth hair. Sherlock had the urge to touch that hair, to learn just how smooth it was. Before Sherlock was done studying that hair as best he could from where he sat, however, the king spoke. “The tournament will be over soon. I left trustworthy advisors to oversee things in my kingdom in my absence, but I must eventually return to my people. I will make the journey along with a convoy of other nobles and merchants. I don’t think it would be too much trouble if you travelled with us. Plus, it never hurts to have another useful pair of hands on the road.”
The barmaid returned with their drinks. She obviously noticed the unspoken tension between the two men and gave them their refreshments quickly before seeing to the next patrons.
“Oh?” Lestrade, apparently understanding that this would be a serious conversation, took a seat, glancing between John and Sherlock in curiosity.
Sitting back down, Sherlock was struck by the kindness in King John’s face. He wanted to touch that face, to feel the stubble around that gentle smile. That was not an appropriate desire for a mere servant to have, however; he would have to save that fantasy for the privacy of his own thoughts, later.
The most neutral territory was far away from the castle, in the middle of town. The location was an old public house that had been a staple of the area for many years. It was time for midday lunch, so there were working folk in the place who swallowed down their drinks and made just enough noise to make each conversation private.
The king sounded sincere, though he was not looking directly at Sherlock anymore. It seemed that some piece of the king’s confidence had been lost somewhere. Or perhaps he had simply been underwhelmed by what the servant could give him, and did not want to hurt Sherlock’s feelings by saying so.
A blow of regret fell upon Sherlock. It was a horrible misdeed to have been so presumptuous about the king’s feelings. It seemed unthinkable to him that King John wouldn’t find excitement in the challenge of the tournament, but he should have known not to make assumptions, especially about a king whose life must have been filled with all sorts of better adventures.
William gave John a terribly sweet kiss on his forehead, and then moved back to his side of the bed, turning away, leaving the servant feeling bereft.
“Oh!” William responded with an unconscious thrust that became a full-body shudder when the nobleman tried to keep himself still. “John…” Struggling to regain control, William held onto John’s shoulders.
Startled, Sherlock almost jumped from where he sat. The commanding voice he had just been remembering had spoken to him, and, yes, there were the caring eyes that he had so fondly thought of.
“Good. I want to show you something.” John strode to a chest where some items were kept that had been moved from the caravan, and one by one, starting placing objects on the table, next the violin.
“Not a chance. He wanted me to come round right away. I figured that was the closest thing to a peace offering I was going to get from him,” Lestrade said with a shrug. “It’s well past time you two made up, anyway.”
The tension that John had felt in the caravan when he’d had Sherlock in his mouth, the longing that had simmered in the king for ages, possibly this entire time, returned to the king all at once. The force of his urge to possess his dear maid was beyond stopping now. He had never needed anything like he needed Sherlock.
“Well, I’m still thinking about it, but… I thought I might gain the peoples’ support if I, well…” John smirked. “I thought it could be decided by a tournament.”
“Good, Sherlock.” John continued to caress his servant. He would always make sure that Sherlock was cared for and protected.
“Why would I think that, sir? I thought people of all stations had hobbies. Actually, I thought you liked to inspect the dirt on peoples’ shoes,” John said with a smirk.
“But,” Sherlock started, nervously at first, and forging on when John stroked his arm in a reassuring way, “then there won’t be enough time for me to see to your needs.”
Sherlock was struck with a desire to keep watching, and at the same time, a desperate urge to help his dear John. “My love…”
He later approached Mycroft’s quarters, where he found his brother primly reading a book in an armchair.
With as much care as a man walking on a narrow bridge, Sherlock walked to where Mycroft was standing. He muttered a soft hello to the woman, and smiled at the baby.
That had not been the worst part of it. A noble who was invested in many concerns in the city had visited the king afterward. The gentleman had been nothing but polite, though he had been overly so, because the purpose of the visit was to insinuate to the king that the nobleman had a nubile daughter who had been approached by a number of fair suitors and who would surely be a worthy partner for any great lord.
“The last thing anyone needs right now is for you to go and barge in there, yelling at one of them.”
“Oh, never mind about the newts. I go on about things like that sometimes. I only meant to ask if you could use a chum to talk to. It seems to me like you could.”
“I…” Sherlock swallowed, clearly trying to build his courage. “I know of some fairy tales, sir. I think you fit them well. You’re a noble and chivalrous king. It’s me who doesn’t fit the fairy tales.” Nervously, Sherlock looked away. “For one thing, the awkward servant isn’t a very romantic figure.”
“No trouble. It’s good of you to make sure I’m all set. Well, best of luck with all this work. I suppose I might be seeing you at the joust.”
“You mean me inside you?” It was an intense, provocative thought, to be sure. “You would allow me that?”
Perhaps he should have been more personable with his subjects, but the king was truthfully not quite ready to accept that the journey was coming to end and he would soon be back in his castle, where he may or may not get away with keeping his beloved servant.
Hoping to work off some excess energy, John had decided to shoot a few apples for sport. Having paid the orchard for the privilege, he did just that, making sure to do so while Sherlock watched.
Touching Sherlock lightly on his chest, over his gown, John encouraged him to stay lying for a bit longer.
Full of gratitude, John slipped the briefs down, and sensed his loneliness drifting away as he felt the length of William’s body against his own thin nightgown. William was as hot as he had imagined, and it was sweetly sedative. It was kind of his master to grant him this.
Sherlock had only been smitten further by John’s modesty, and his deepened voice showed it. “Is that what you were doing? Killing the mood?” He kissed John’s ankle. “You had me fooled.”
“No… I cannot…” William stepped away from John, though he seemed lost, not sure where to go. At last, he made up his mind, and blew out the last candle, setting the room into dim light, illuminated only by the tiny amount of light from stars and lamps that reached into their room. “Forget what I said. Goodnight, John.” He retreated onto his bed, and drew up the thin curtains immediately. His silhouette prompted laid down and rolled over, facing away from where John’s bed was.
“Meeting you was a brilliant stroke of luck,” Bertie was saying as he typed on his laptop. “You have no idea how lost I was when it came to starting to this blog, and now you’ve got me hammering away at the keys.”
“Something I lost my chance at. To me, Sherlock, loving a person is the most exciting thing in the world.” To hear the charming king speak of love, while being held by him in a comforting manner, was both sweet and tortuous. “I’m officially married, but my wife and I are estranged." Again, conflicting feelings filled the servant. “Have been for many years. We live entirely apart, separated in all but name. We were never able to conceive, and so I don’t have the rightful heir I need to ensure that my kingdom will survive after me. But that was not the only issue in our marriage; there were problems between us other than that, too. Maybe I didn’t treat her right. I don’t know. All I know is that I lost my chance for a truly exciting life.”
At Sherlock’s sudden remark, John looked ahead as well, and instantly saw what must have interested his servant. There was a short wall made of stone pieces, nearly hidden by some overgrown bushes. The wall was evidently old and worn, but it could be seen stretching on for some distance, with only one or two complete breaks. From where they stood, John could tell that there was some kind of clearing behind the low wall, past a few more trees.
As strange as it might have been, I’m sure you did not miss the meaning of the little scene you just witnessed.
“I’m sure you know that the present King Holloway took over from his brother two years ago, when the war ended. Do you know why the change happened?”
John noticed that Sherlock had not answered his question, but perhaps God was a sore subject for the other man. Embarrassed by the steady gaze upon him, John quietly answered Sherlock. “I’m afraid they do.”
I didn’t need John’s notice to know that Sherlock Holmes had stopped in. Though I’d only met the chap once before, I was well aware that Sherlock has a way of being noticeable. I’m sure that when he’s made himself up as a constable or what have you, Sherlock can pass off a disguise as well as anyone; but in his ordinary form, with his curly mop and flapping coat and overall air of a hero strutting about the stage, I doubt anybody would mistake him for a gentle breeze flowing modestly through the window.
“Come here,” John said, pulling Sherlock into his arms. Sherlock easily gave in, and hummed pleasantly in the king’s hold. “There, that’s good, Sherlock.”
Bertie shook his head. “A private sort of chap, Jeeves. I shouldn’t like to make him uncomfortable by prying overmuch.”
For a long time, John kept his resolute pace, caring about nothing other than satisfying his servant. It was intensely wonderful, to please Sherlock so much that he writhed and cried out in bliss, too enveloped in pleasure to be hindered by modesty.
“Of course it would! We would live new lives in this world, this magnificent place where gods can live with men, and never would we have to live apart in that dreadful underworld.” Calming down from his burst of enthusiasm, Sherlock leaned back on the bed. “But there is a problem with my plan.” He clutched the blanket, becoming more nervous as he considered this problem. “While I am certain that I would fall in love with you again if only given the chance, it may be arrogant of me to think that you would develop feelings for me a second time.”
Too late, it occurred to Sherlock how inappropriately he had just acted. To cry his king’s name, with a voice thick with lust, without even bothering to add the king’s title, was possibly the least appropriate thing Sherlock could have possibly done.
