sitting on. If he was honest, it hadn’t always been easy going through college with every
“Yeah,” Dean said, “but we can just – if we just say it isn’t what it might look like… listen, maybe you can’t even really see the rings, you know? Through the window?”
“She does that,” he said.
he’d be saying.
“Okay,” Dean said out loud. They were passing the last row of shops before the gentle slope towards the palace began: there was the corner shop where Castiel had used to go to buy them whisky late at night, and there was the cafe that sold marzipan cake, and there was the newsagents –
A date. To a human the word would probably sound little, and normal, and silly for an angel to be thinking about. But to Castiel, it just sounded like something new.
It didn’t matter, he decided. It wasn’t as though there could be a cleaning company close enough to come and tidy the place for him this morning, and he wanted it done by noon. He wanted everything done by noon.
“You should’ve never married me,” Dean said.
Dean narrowed his eyes.
“Don’t get hurt,” Castiel said.
“I don’t… I mean, yeah, but like, no,” Dean said. “Look, I’m just gonna go. I’m sorry for… whatever the hell this was, and –”
“Hey,” he said.
Cool. Cool, cool, cool. Anything new at the job you want to tell me about, any, uh, news, or -”
“Charlie likes it in Someria,” he said. “Right, Charlie?”
“Tough love,” Sam said.
“You saw her,” Dean said. “She’d try to kill us. She’d actually kill you.”
Of course Dean knew that Castiel had been planning to drop by the orphanage on his way back to his own apartment. Because Dean knew Castiel.
“Dude… seriously, how did I not know about this?”
It couldn’t be – he could barely hope that it might be Castiel – but no. The name that came up was Charlie’s.
It hadn’t been hard, using the Angel database, to find the names of all the type-one diabetics in the Underlight. Filtering the search by those who had siblings had left three names. Narrowing it down to those with an elder sibling had left just one. Samandriel, no last name known.
Dean couldn’t move. His heart was going a mile a goddamn minute, he’d thought for a second that he’d somehow accidentally let slip to someone who Cas really was, and he didn’t have enough brainspace to solve Ash’s karaoke problem. He also put a tentative hand on Cas’ shoulder, and squeezed gently. Cas didn’t move.
“It’s late, Sammy. We’ll have something in the morning.”
Dean nodded, accepting this. Charlie put her head on one side.
Castiel bit back his protestations. He knew what happened to people who came between Dean and his coffee.
“Right, like you’re so on it?”
Good, Castiel reminded himself, as Dean squinted at the email. Practical.
He realised he was playing the start of the song he’d made up himself, about Cas. He shouldn’t play that one, he knew. It’d be incredibly dumb and revealing, and he didn’t need Cas to know about it -
“Yikes.”
“No,” Castiel said, “you don’t understand. The logging company already have the right to work on some of the land around here. It says here they’re starting here in the forest, today. They’re going to start taking trees down,
Castiel looked at him.
“It’s not dumb. And if I think about it for two seconds, I’m just feeling good that I know now. You didn’t have to tell me and I’m really… I’m glad you did.”
even though Dean hadn’t been able to guess what Cas wanted in spite of literally being told
Dean was quietly stewing, thinking back to what he’d told Cas the first night they’d met - all the things that he’d said about Castiel’s music. Not only had Dean been insulting the guy who had in fact been sitting right next to him; in fact, he’d been insulting him over something that he’d been forced into doing in the first place. He felt cold all over.
For some little time, he simply read in the quiet. Sometimes he jumped ahead a few pages, sometimes he went back, not wanting to stick to a particular order. His apartment hummed around him, the fridge whirring, the dim lamp buzzing ever so slightly in the corner. Dean’s home was painted in blues and greys, tones that he hadn’t picked out but had got used to. It was perfectly clean, at least, though the sofa wasn’t particularly comfortable; Dean shifted on it unconsciously, frowning as he turned the pages, trying to find the best way to sit. He’d been meaning to get a new sofa for months. Years, in fact.
he wanted to shout.
“I just wanted to say,” he pushed on regardless, “that you seemed like you didn’t want to go through with… back in Corelia, the… I mean, what happened, what we did, it seemed like a means to an end. And if you don’t want to get married when we go back to Corelia, then –”
Castiel shifted. Dean climbed into his bed, and Castiel reached up to put his hand to Dean’s cheek – to slide it through his hair – and then he stopped. There. On Dean’s head. Something that felt dry and smooth and almost soft, something that to Castiel’s questing fingers felt like little branches.
He could feel Dean turn to look at him.
Dean broke his stare with Castiel and turned to look at her, his expression confused. Castiel, too, managed to find a square corner of emotion in his brain to devote to wondering what she was talking about. With Dean not looking at him, Castiel’s awareness of the rest of the room returned, just a little; Garth was whispering furiously with his other neighbour, while Missouri was standing with the book loose in her hands, looking nonplussed.
When he was done, he handed the laptop to Dean, who was sitting beside him at the top of the bed.
“No, you do it.”
Castiel thought about the pictures he’d seen of his house in the forest. Even a kind angle hadn’t managed to conceal the way the paint had been cracking over the wood of the outside walls.
He lay in bed, and wanted a hundred different moments, and imagined them all.
The breeze was still moving the trees, but Castiel couldn’t hear it, he couldn’t feel it. When he turned to see Dean, Dean’s mouth was moving, but Castiel couldn’t hear the words he was saying, and it was as though his lips were moving in slow-motion.
“What does the question mean?” Cas asked.
“I want you.” Words he’d never been able to honestly say out loud to someone before. Out of his mouth before he could stop them. He saw Dean’s eyes go wide, saw Dean’s mouth fall just slightly open.
Dean couldn’t smile. He couldn’t do it. Now was the time, if there had ever been one, but it was too much, way too much.
“Alright,” Castiel said. “I don’t know.” He knew his voice sounded cooler than he meant it to, and he saw Dean respond in the way he always did to that tone – with a straightening of his back, and a lifting of his chin, and a hard brightness in his eyes.
date?”
“Want to come and help me find him?” Dean asked.
the guy wasn’t into it, this could be the start of a very bigoted reaction from a very beautiful stranger. But Dean had come this far with his focus so complete on his plan that he’d forgot
Castiel reached for words.
“What happened?” Dean asked. “Cas?”
“Oh. I’m sorry, though,” Dean said, his eyes catching on Castiel’s small injuries now that he was looking down again. His thumb lightly touched the place where blood was drying on Castiel’s palm. “If I’d known I wouldn’t have run at you.”
Dean tapped definitively on his phone, obviously sending the message to Charlie, and then looked up at him.
He sensed Dean stop beside him, while the slowly growing throng of people around them kept moving.
He supposed he could take the wards down, now, if he wanted. Even if the revenant came back, he could talk to her. He could ask what was wrong. If she needed him to take more pain. Or if she wanted the pain back, that she’d given.
“Why did you do it?” Castiel asked, immediately. Too fast. Dean folded his arms, and looked out at the sea.
Long enough for his hands to come back out of his pockets, and his shoulders to lose their self-conscious hunch. Long enough for the hurt in his eyes to seem nearer the surface.
They smiled at each other, and for half of a second it was like old times. It was the day after every stupid party they’d ever been to. It was another lazy morning licking cheese off their fingertips. It was like the wedding rings didn’t even exist.
“Pretty ironic,” Dean said.
And then he’d turned. And he was gone, suddenly, too suddenly, leaving Castiel with a yawning space in front of him, nothing to fall forward into. Dean was back into the blackness between the trees.
“Charlie? Hello? You didn’t
“You’re sure?”
He had to check his pizza.
Dean, who looked like a human again. The force of the belief of these people, Castiel thought. It had to be. He tried not to think too hard about what he knew Dean truly looked like. The worst thing he could think of right now was Dean being exposed to all these people who would grab for their phones, who might even try to hurt him.
“I admit nothing.”
“I know,” Castiel answered him. “But how are we supposed to just… see each other?”
“I didn’t say anything.”
“No, it’s fine,” Sam said over her, his voice crackling through Dean’s laptop speakers. “I actually just got an email I should answer. Go ahead.” He sank back into his phone with an expression of concentration.
“Holy crap.” Charlie hit him again, and Dean grabbed his arm.
Dean almost wanted to laugh. He almost wanted to leap through the screen to where Castiel was. He definitely wanted to shut his laptop and throw it out the nearest window.
Castiel felt a wave of alarm sweep over him, and watched it be mirrored by the flash of concern across Dean’s face.
she sang.
“I actually… it’s complicated.”
Castiel came down the stairs. He grabbed for Dean’s hand and held onto it.
She pulled a face, and nodded her head towards him again.
“Thank you,” he says, with just enough irony in his tone to get Dean to smile. Or it would have been, usually, but today Dean’s expression is sinking back into hard lines. The greyish, muted light seems to lie heavy on him, putting a coldness in his eyes.
“What?”
“No. No, wait. Hold on. Did you just… did I just hear you say that
“You’re taking this better than I thought you would,” Charlie said.
Another flash of memory. Dean pulling Castiel in to kiss his cheek as a camera flashed.
like to think that one of their operatives in the Up wasn’t mooning over one of the more prominent members of the party scene that he was supposed to be surveilling.
“Uh-huh. Okay. Well – oh, you’re picking that out – okay.” Dean hooked the pair of red oversize pants over his arm and continued down the aisle as though she hadn’t said anything. “Look, if this isn’t about Castiel – is it still about the chili peppers? Because if it is, then you should’ve left me in peace to grade my papers, because right now I’m using up time that I could’ve been using to grade them and that means I might not even get to take the app down tomorrow, and –”
Dean held out his hand to take back the donut box as he spoke; Cas reached inside and took one before surrendering it. He bit into it as he finished his sentence, leaving a big smudge of powder across his top lip. Dean considered using his thumb to wipe it off, using his lips to kiss it off, taking Cas’ hand to use
“In conclusion,” Dean said, “robotics can give you the opportunity you always wanted: to grow out of your flaws, and maybe make awesome guitars. It’s… it’s deep. It goes deep.”
His tone of voice was still off; it was a big deal, then, but it wasn’t necessarily a good big deal. Being on the phone felt suddenly claustrophobic, the tightness in Dean’s chest only on the rise. He recognised the sensation of panic building. The last thing he wanted todo was have a freak-out while on a call with his brother. Sam wouldn’t have any idea how to help.
And it swallowed him whole.
“You’re joking with me.”
There was a pause. For a few shining seconds, Castiel felt sleep reaching out for him again, ready to welcome him back into its sweet dark embrace –
“Oh. You… think he was lying? He could have actually annulled it?” Castiel paused, thinking. “I hadn’t considered that.”
Cas looked down at the phone and took it, and then glanced up at Dean with a touch of charmed shyness.
“Thank god,” she said. “Of course he just got drunk and passed out with you. Of course. Jesus.”
Dean’s face tightens again.
Poetry, he told himself. Absolute poetry. He put the guitar away under his bed, too tired to heap the laundry back on top of it. He could do it in the morning.
“Give me a shot at it, at least,” Dean said. And he was joking, but suddenly Castiel’s mind was a very blissful blank as he realised that – that spending a night with Dean instead of Jane Austen was a possibility. A real, actual possibility. They could do that. Maybe – maybe they
Dean felt his chest actually squeeze. His expression must have done something strange, because Castiel looked worried.
“Me too,” he said, the words spilling out before he could think twice about it. His vision seemed somehow smaller than usual, his chest tight. He managed to get down from his back corner, the low-voiced protests of the bachelors following him as he emerged into a cooler hallway flagged in pale stone. Sam was already gone, disappeared around a corner.
“You liked more of them than I did, then. When we just hang out it’s better.”
“I’m alright with that,” Castiel said. “If you are. I’m going to screw up in this life. And I want to screw up with you.”
“Not that long ago, actually,” he said. “Kind of a new listener.”
He tapped play again. The silence before the second line seemed interminable, and Dean thought that it had to have been deliberately drawn out and made longer with editing - but then his little onscreen self was pressing his lips together, a new determination flaring in his eyes, and singing again.
Anyone would think he’d never been paid a compliment, Dean thought in passing.
Dean puffs out his cheeks, though, and breathes out sharply, and says,
“Freaking out?”
He strolled across the street, trying not to be too conspicuous. The guests all seemed to have arrived, because thankfully there was no one lingering outside Castiel’s home. The place was lit up by the display that Castiel had arranged in his front yard - a merrily laughing Santa sitting in his sleigh, pulled by his reindeer, with brilliant stars and gleaming Christmas trees surrounding him.
“You heard me? Just now?”
Anna was third to last; she put on a Castiel mask as she went, leaving only Dean and Cas behind the scenes.
“Nah,” he said. “You’re right. I’m taking this way too seriously. Like, we’re just going to the movies. I don’t know why I give a crap.”
He wanted to reach out, to touch. To feel whether what he was seeing was real. It
Dean looked up at him, no trace of recognition of the slightly lame joke on his face.
He didn’t belong here. He couldn’t be himself here. He was a person who liked evenings in front of the television or lounging on the sofa reading. How was he supposed to lounge on a sofa that clearly had the residue of a federal crime sprinkled across its fraying cushions?
“Goodnight, Dean.” Castiel waited for Dean to have left the corridor before he closed his door.
“Is it?” Castiel said, with Dean’s certainty making him doubt himself.
“Hello, Dean.”
Jenna said, coming back on the line.
Anger seeped into Castiel’s panic. Anger at what, he wasn’t sure.
Ten, Dean thought. He was up to ten chili peppers. Just in one day. He was going to go over to Castiel and rub it in his face so hard. Castiel thought he was the only ten on campus? He thought that he could afford to give out fake compliments in the teachers' lounge to humble six point fives, he thought they’d never catch up to him? Today was the reckoning. Today was the day it all changed.
Anna Celeste stepped closer.
He dropped his head, gently thunking his brow against the steering wheel.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said eventually.
“She’s -” Dean tried to say, but someone walked in between them, and then someone else, and Dean gave up and headed back to the table. Charlie was back, legs hooked nonchalantly over the side of her chair as usual; Hannah was excited, pleased; Cas only had eyes for him.
God, Dean wanted to kiss Cas. The thought appeared briefly, like a loose spark from a blazing fire. He pushed it away, and then wondered if he had to, and called it back, and then reminded himself that Cas might not actually like him that way anyway so he shouldn’t lean into thoughts like that, and pushed it away again.
Ugh. Charlie was going to be absolutely crowing that he’d actually thought about it, like she’d asked.
“She doesn’t look like she’s having the best night, either,” Cas remarked.
“What, you think the cops will come for us if we don’t?”
“Are you alright?” Castiel asked.
It was good, he thought. He'd put it round the back of the house, so he’d be able to look down on it from his bedroom window and see the birds feed in the morning, if any came.
He looked at Dean, and closed his mouth, but he couldn’t stop his eyes from speaking. This time, Dean understood what they meant - understood, because he’d been thinking the same thing all day.
Castiel paused before he said,
“Mic stand,” she said. “Mic stand - there you go, and you’ve got your mic. Now Castiel gives the signal, the band will kick in, you’ll sing - and you both know your song, right? You rehearsed it on Monday?”
“Mm.”
“Yes,” Castiel said. “Of course.”
“Huh. Okay. So, you don’t think, just for example, just
Dean felt his stomach flip, hard, a rush of feeling.
Under Dean’s lips, his skin had felt soft, but Dean had been able to feel the slight stubble where his afternoon shadow was coming in.
“... Dean Winchester!” announced Balthazar, and Dean dropped his head into his hands.
Dean had bided his time. He’d waited for the opportune moment. A few nights of quiet and darkness had passed, and he’d let them, waiting - and his patience had been rewarded. Castiel’s house, right now, was all aglow and humming with the sounds of people talking and laughing.
to be a part of. Whatever. He’d sing for Robert Plant himself after inhaling helium, right now, if it meant he got to see Cas look that way at him again.
At the top of the staircase was a window, which sent scurrying trickles of light down their length.
He patted the sheets, and finally came up with his phone, a solid comfortable rectangle in his hand. He tapped to unlock it, and then opened his call app and scrolled to his brother’s number.
“– and a giant TV for both of us,” they finished together. They’d been wanting this since their first year of college. They’d worked so hard for it, to be able to live together and away from the pasts they’d struggled to leave behind.
“Yeah, actually.” Dean sounded surprised about it. “Things feel kinda different.”
Dean didn’t know how to explain that if he could, he’d preserve himself in this exact moment like a bug in amber, and just live in it. This exact moment, here, now. All the hope, all the promise. The way Castiel looked at him. The way Dean knew that if he even just tilted his chin up a little, Castiel would kiss him again, like he wanted. He didn’t want to move from this, and exactly this. It filled him up.
“I thought you left me,” Dean said. “Twice.”
No, Castiel wasn’t Dean’s fiancé. Because he was Dean’s husband.
She clunked open the car door, and left him. It felt jarringly sudden.
But then, they’ve done all the rest of it before. They’ve done blood and big choices. They’ve done hands grasping for each other against every rule, against all the smart money. And now there’s just this.
assuming we’re together, and they’re being assholes about it. We wanna convince them nothing’s happening between us. So, uh.” Dean bit his lip.
Cas was silent for a long second, and then slowly sat back in his chair, looking at Dean.
In fact, he’d seen that the wards were down in the first place, and he’d come in to help whoever was inside, before he’d even met Castiel.
Castiel frowned, and Dean shrugged in response.
Claire shoved a croissant into her mouth and bit off a piece. The meal continued in silence for a while, until Todd asked Patience for the jam, and the conversation gently trickled back. It wasn’t until after Castiel had helped clear away and wash up, and he was drying plates with a tea-towel, that he found himself alone with Claire and had the chance to say,
“You want to be able to stay?” Dean says.
He looked down at Castiel’s fist.
“It’s all good. I’m having a good time.”
A third person joined the meeting.
Dean opened his mouth to say something, but Sam spoke first.
“Dean,” he said. Dean, who had been walking beside him in moody silence, looked over. “Yes, I will.”
The silence stretched out. At the head of the table, Mary’s eyes were flicking between her eldest son and his fiancée, her face carefully blank.
“Jesus fucking Christ,” he said.
“I had a friend who got his wife some nice lingerie just for the wedding night,” Gordon said. “You should do that, it’s not too late.”
For a second, he lowered his roll of tape, and breathed out. He pressed his lips together, hard, and let his eyes sweep the mess that was his living room. Books lay scattered across the floor, dry law textbooks on top of dusty old fantasy novels he’d been meaning to get rid of but had never quite got around to donating. Clothes were in a heap by the door, waiting to be shoved into his suitcase. A ladle was inexplicably hanging over the arm of the sofa, looking silver and sorrowful upside-down. A cup of coffee was on the stained end-table, and when he saw it, Castiel blinked.
“Uh. Hey,” he said.
Dean headed down towards the bathrooms, not quite ready to make conversation with the rest of the auditionees - the real ones, like Kevin, who were actually here to try to get to sing with Castiel rather than just find a guy they’d met the night before at a bar. They’d all surely expect him to be excited over Castiel’s music and the possibility of actually getting to maybe meet him one day, maybe sing with him onstage, and Dean wasn’t sure he was that good at acting. The only person that he was excited to see was Cas - maybe if Cas won the opportunity to sing with Castiel, then Dean would go along to the concert to watch. There was no other way they were getting him into the building to that show.
Dean shot him a look. “Are you saying I should care less?”
Castiel tilted his head. “What’s tomorrow?”
“I did it,” she gasped.
“Only because you helped.”
“Oh, shut up,” Dean said, throwing the Snickers wrapper at Castiel’s face.
“Not bad,” Castiel said, taking the joint from Dean. “We got into a routine. We smoked together a lot. The couch was uncomfortable, that’s for sure, but I can’t really complain. Chuck’s the perfect roommate.”
“Did you choreograph that song?” Jo asked.
Castiel kept his eyes on Lisa, daring her to deny what had happened. But he could see the fear seeping into her eyes, knowing she had run out of options.
Not today though. Today after Castiel left, Sam dropped off a pizza and asked Dean if he would be okay if he didn’t stay to eat because he had some work related emergency. Seeing his chance, Dean told him he didn’t need a babysitter—because he didn’t—and sent Sam on his way. Glad to have the opportunity to escape for a much needed drink, Dean shed his smelly robe and put on some pants. Then, he was on his way to the Roadhouse.
Dean moved aside as Sam approached their mom and embraced her. Once his mom was done with Sam and Jess, Dean introduced them both to Castiel. Fortunately, Sam and Jess were both polite and didn’t tease Dean about anything. “Can I get drinks for everyone?”
“Can I just tell you how awesome you are?”
“We were just talking about work,” Dean said.
Charlie crossed her arms. “You have some nerve, Dean Winchester.”
As they walked down the stairs, Dean told Charlie all about his lunch with Castiel, and how they had just sort of agreed to continue having them.
When Rhonda took her seat beside Dean again, she leaned in way too close to him as she asked him what he did for a living, where he was from, the normal first date questions. Castiel sipped his glass of water, since at least he had the small mercy of having water available already.
“Your scarf covers most of it up,” Dean said, tugging lightly on the red scarf.
Who would have thought that Dean and Castiel would ever even need a marriage counselor? When Dean got married, he was deeply in love, and he was sure it was smooth sailing from then on, with a few bumps here and there. They’d lived through some rough times already. When Sam’s wife, Jess, had a miscarriage last year, Castiel had been there for them during the weeks following. He’d cooked them every meal and kept both of them company until they healed. That had been before Sam moved away. And then six months ago, Castiel’s father passed away, and Dean had been there for him, and they’d flown to New York for the funeral.
“What exactly do you want from me? My soul?” Dean asked.
“Me too,” Castiel said. “That’s why Charlie and I fought for the show.”
“Why?” Anna asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
By Sunday, Castiel had written ten thousand words of backstory for his new book. Unlike his other books, there weren’t any monsters or creatures or anything like that. It wasn’t really horror either. Instead, it was closer to mythology.
“Don’t tell me you didn’t enjoy the epic angel love story I left you watching,” Dean said, taking a bite of his (real) pizza.
Dean wasn’t sure he heard correctly. “Are you inviting me to a gay bar?”
They continued on the trail until they found the clearing where the TNT factory was located. It was nothing impressive, just a rundown building that had been abandoned for too long. They went inside it first and walked around, Dean touching the rough-textured walls. Castiel took a few pictures with his cell phone, and Dean was suddenly reminded of Anna. She should have joined them.
“Not like this.”
“Oh, really?”
Once they were done with the setup, Dean pulled out his main camera and turned it on. It was time.
Amelia wiped her hands clean and rubbed the small bulge on her stomach. “I’m so ready to meet her. I want to know all the things she’ll like and dislike. I want to sing to her, outside of the womb. I want to kiss her sweet little head and rock her to sleep in my arms.”
“We’ll wake him up,” Anna said, pulling into the bar. “I’m starving, let’s go.”
Castiel smiled. “I really missed arguing with you.”
“They really like you. Even after karaoke.”
But Dean held onto Castiel’s forearm before he walked away. “No way. You’re gonna stick around to protect me.”
Dean scrolled through some of the replies to the tweet. Castiel’s fans were freaking out over a few things. The first was that Castiel had broken his Twitter silence. The second was that Castiel had a crush on someone, a little over a year since his divorce from Daphne. The third was that maybe Castiel wouldn’t be single for much longer. People were certain that whatever woman Castiel was after, he would get. They were using a lot of water drop emojis with their tweets.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck. “But hey, no hard feelings.”
Dean leaned against the door as he watched Castiel cross the street and make it to the other side safely.
Dean gaped at her, horrified, a hand to his heart. “What a monster.”
“I did it because I know you’re a neat freak.”
Once Dean was satisfied with his piece, they headed to Village Pizza Inn. It was a quaint little restaurant. They found a booth in a corner and ordered two Cokes to get them started.
“Dean means a lot to Ben,” Lisa said, sounding as if she hadn’t heard a word Castiel was saying.
“Mind if we talk?” Aaron asked.
“Mom?”
“No, I’m fucking blissed out. It’s your turn now. I wouldn’t be a gentleman if I didn’t take care of you.”
Raejean knew of her before the angels showed up and pissed on everything. They went to see her, but Raejean had to stay outside.
Dean wrapped an arm around Castiel’s shoulders, pulling him closer. “We work well together, don’t we? I mean, we can take care of each other and Claire. Maybe we’re not so lost anymore.”
“You make me feel safe,” Dean said, softly. “The best part of my day is coming home to you. Every time you look at me, like you’re doing now, I feel warm inside. I feel seen. I think you’re one of the few people who truly know me.” Dean lifted his other hand, his fingertips touching Castiel’s parted lips. His breath was hot against his skin. “And your lips nearly destroyed me tonight. I can’t stop thinking about the way we kissed.”
“He’s right,” Sam said. “It’s obvious Ben wants nothing to do with him.”
“Hey, big guy!” Sam scooped Ben into his arms, squishing him. “How are you doing, squirt? Look at you, I think you got taller.”
When Castiel woke up, Dean was nuzzling his neck, an arm thrown over Castiel’s stomach, and a leg over Castiel’s legs. It all felt very intentional, so Castiel pretended nothing was out of the ordinary and simply rubbed his eyes.
Dean rubbed his hands over his face. Yeah, he knew that neither of them was enjoying the fallout of their fight. Dean had been trying to keep himself as busy as possible to avoid thinking about both Castiel and Lisa. But this had to end. Dean had to talk to Castiel. Dean had to apologize.
Castiel smiled, this time for real. “Of course. You and Ben are always welcome here.”
When Castiel finally joined Dean on the couch, he was delighted to have his first sip of coffee. He yawned before he took another sip.
Aaron looked from Dean to Castiel and back to Dean. “Wait. Are you two together? Seriously?”
Castiel went back to laying on his side, facing Dean, and Dean did the same, until they were both close enough that Dean felt Castiel’s warm breath when he spoke.
“It’s dead,” Raejean said, slowing down a few feet away from the limp body.
Castiel watched Dean from his truck, dreading the moment he’d have to step out. Dean’s Impala was parked on the other end of the parking lot. Dean was still inside his car, his head thrown back on his seat and his eyes closed. Castiel knew Dean hated this as much as he did. But they’d both agreed to this.
Monday morning couldn’t come fast enough. Dean had thought about Castiel all weekend. Wait, no, backtrack a little. That sounded wrong. Dean had thought about
“Dean, you know how bad it looks for the stars of the show to show up late? Everyone’s gonna think we don’t care about their time.”
“You looked perfect,” Castiel said.
Mary shook her head, not even bothering to chastise them. She took Ellen to the living room by the arm.
Castiel pulled out his cell phone. “Dean, can you hand me the aux cord in the glove compartment?”
“I can see how much you love him. And I can tell you that he loves you just as strongly. That man might be his father on paper, but you’re his father in person, where it really counts. You’re the one bringing him to the park and wanting to risk your life to buy him a swing set. You’re a great father, Dean. That’s what matters.”
“I’ll wake him up,” Dean said, opening up the backseat. Castiel, who was leaning against the door, nearly collapse to the ground, but Dean managed to catch him. “Rise and shine, sugar.”
“I don’t like it either.”
“The Big One? Why do you call him that?”
Dean scoffed, partly offended. “No, I actually asked him here to study. Right, Cas?”
“I’ll go heat them up, then.” Castiel touched Dean’s hip as he walked past him, sending goosebumps down Dean’s arms.
“Where’s Ben? Is he still sleeping?”
Castiel looked at Dean, eyebrows raised. “Good morning, Dean. It’s nice to see you here. I thought you might be too busy to show up today.”
The moment she was gone, Castiel missed her. It was ridiculous, of course. She was in the other room.
Castiel smiled. “I’m glad I could help.”
“I thought that was the plan.”
“Yeah!” Ben cheered right before scoring a goal that Dean was too slow to stop.
“I can’t say no to food,” Castiel said, pushing past Dean and making his way inside. Dean trailed behind him.
The only thing clouding their outing tonight was the fact that there were so many unsaid things between them. Dean and Castiel were in this strange phase of their relationship where they flirted with each other all the time, touched each other all the time, kissed each other all the time—not on the lips, unfortunately, but Dean wasn’t sure why. Dean knew that Castiel found him attractive. At least enough to check him out blatantly and audibly. Castiel knew that Dean found him attractive, too. But they were pretty much at a standstill, where neither of them had made a move on the other. Dean didn’t know if it was because Castiel expected Dean to do it, or if it was simply because Castiel didn’t really want their friendship to change.
Jack laughed, but then he clapped Dean’s shoulder. “Yeah, you kinda are. But I still like you.”
“I love you.”
Amelia was looking at Castiel, concerned. “Dean’s missing?”
“Who kissed?”
Sam grinned, sitting down and picking up the guitar. He shaped his fingers into the right lines for chords Dean hadn’t learned yet as he played the familiar
“Who wants s’mores?” Dean asked.
Dean nodded. “Good luck!”
“I know that, too.” Dean smiled sideways. He leaned closer, and then whispered, “Do you want me to tell you the truth? We kissed.”
Castiel smiled. “Glad we’re on the same page then.”
Dean had dressed up a little, wearing a nice green shirt that he knew Castiel liked and a black blazer. He wasn’t sure if he’d made up this dinner to be more than it was, but at least he would look sharp while being there.
“Yeah?” Dean raised his eyebrows, almost like he hadn’t expected such a quick and enthusiastic response.
Dean closed his eyes, because fuck, he wanted all those things now, too. “I’m gonna miss you.”
“I’m really glad to hear that,” Dean said.
“Hmm. No, I seemed to have forgotten that detail. Well, I guess he wasn’t too bothered by the loss of his wife if he already found a new boy toy to keep him company.”
“Thanks, sweetheart,” Mary said, sipping her favorite purple mug.
Maybe they did.
Castiel groaned, rubbing his eyes. “Where are we?”
“The Roadhouse is close to here.” Dean tried not to get so angry over the way Aaron had treated Castiel, but it bothered him whenever anyone was rude to him. And yeah, he was aware that he’d been awful to Castiel for three years, but things were different now. “It’s a decent place.”
“Please don’t defend her,” Castiel said, groaning. The thought of Lisa made his blood boil every single time.
“You can’t blame me for trying to get you to eat healthier.”
Dean walked right up to the customer service department, which had a waiting line leading down the length of the store. Excusing himself, Dean cut to the front of the line, ignoring the chorus of protests behind him.
Losing both his parents in a house fire had nearly destroyed Dean. It had been one of the worst times to not have his best friend in his life. “Thanks, Cas.”
“Yeah? You liked it?”
Dean sighed. “Thanks, Jess. At least I can count on you.”
“Usually about a week.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “I’m not gonna scar my little brother. Come on. You’re coming with me. And try not to look hot.”
“Yeah? I haven’t really thought that far ahead. I just know I want to quit my job. I’ll only work for the two weeks I have to, and then I’m done.”
They all followed Jess into a house in the same street. She held the door open for everyone, and then she quickly locked it behind them. She didn’t turn on any of the lights as she led them down to the basement. This time, she flipped the light switch, igniting a bright orange glow.
Castiel turned his head to look at Dean, who had already been looking at him for some time. The stars were bright and stunning, but they had nothing on Castiel. “I’m glad you liked our first date.”
Dean looked at Castiel. “The other day I realized that I don’t really know you, man. When we were in the elevator, I saw another side of you. I just figured we could try to start over. Don’t you think it’d be better if we stop antagonizing each other at work all the time?”
“Do you mean to tell me you regret kissing me?” Castiel asked, tilting his head to the side.
“Hi,” Castiel said, simply.
Speaking of, Dean said, “We should grow a garden.”
Dean groaned. “I hate it when you call me that.”
Castiel blinked, staring at Jody for a long moment. “What does this mean? Why am I so jealous? When did this happen? How long have I been harboring romantic feelings for Dean?”
Castiel released one of Dean’s hands as he dug out his cell phone from his pocket, and he leaned his forehead on Dean’s shoulder as he answered. “Hello?” Dean was surprised by how even his voice sounded all of a sudden.
“I can’t afford a drink,” Dean mumbled, but he let Castiel wrap an arm around him and carried his suitcases into Dean’s room.
Naomi lifted an eyebrow. “Then you should order delivery from that restaurant I like so much. I will wait. I’m not so hungry.”
“Oh. Right. You’re going to sue the only lawyer in the family.”
“Being mistaken for gay isn’t insulting. Why would that freak me out?”
Dean sighed. “I just think Cas hates me, and I don’t wanna see that hatred when he looks at me.”
“Shut up, I love biting you,” Castiel whispered, biting him again.
“She’s dead.” It was starting to sound like a mantra.
“I’ll miss you,
“Is this why you rejected me last time I was here?” Anna asked Dean.
“Good things do happen, Dean.”
“Cas, you are really great.
There was a big purple blanket spread out on the freshly mowed grass, and there were four pillows surrounding it. An ice bucket with a bottle of red wine was placed off to the side, along with two wine glasses. A white sheet was hung up against the fence, and a projector was setup to reflect the movie that Dean had picked out:
“Then what?” Castiel put on his pajama bottom and crawled in bed beside Amelia.
know. This is too difficult for me to decide on my own. If you have any better ideas, I’d love to hear them.”
“Hey, look who it is!” Kevin said, approaching them. “I thought you were hiding from us.”
And then it hit him. Wow. Dean really did not know how to take a hint. Cas was flirting with him. He’d been flirting with him from the start. And all Dean had done was talk nonsense about his stupid date. What did Cas even see on him at this point? Dean was smart enough not to ask that out loud because Cas had those beautiful blue eyes trained on him, and it was getting hot all of a sudden.
Dean’s mouth was dry, and he could use a drink of water, but he knew he’d have to sit up to drink it, so he debated it.
“Are we out of snacks?” Dean asked.
Castiel touched a soft hand to Dean’s cheek, and Dean leaned into the touch. “I never came out to my dad either. I never figured out how to tell him I’m pansexual. How do you explain something like that to a father who only cared about how rich his three sons became?”
“I think we got a pretty good thing going on, don’t you? Let’s just keep doing what we’re doing. And then, we’ll make it up as we go.”
“Better than ever.”
“I’m sure they just want to take you out for a nice dinner. Are you sure I should come along?”
“My turn?” Castiel asked, mid-bite.
“You know what? I’m going to keep my makeup on.”
“Then it’s a date,” Dean said.
“What, you don’t want me to get the role?” Dean said. “Seems kinda selfish.”
“Those Novaks, they’re becoming like family to you, aren’t they?” Bobby asked.
Amelia sighed. “Lisa told me that she’s had some contact with Ben’s biological dad. On Facebook.”
Dean had to remind himself not to tell her it was Castiel’s birthday. “We’re on our first night out since Claire was born, so it’s kind of a special occasion.”
“Of course. I’m gonna sweep you off your feet.”
In the morning, Dean got up a few hours after the last time he’d gone to sleep, going home to shower and change before he got started on breakfast. But when he came out of the shower with only a towel wrapped around his waist, Anna was in the hallway, wanting a turn in the bathroom. And Anna definitely ogled him when she saw him dripping wet.
After Dean unlocked the front door, Castiel went in first and turned on all the lights on his path to the living room. Dean made sure to double lock the door, even though it would do nothing to stop the angels, but it was all he could do to feel safe.
“Sweet or sour?”
“Have a seat.” Dean led him back to the kitchen where Dean went back to the stove to prepare the quesadillas and toast them.
Castiel would be the death of him.
Dean smiled. It didn’t help Claire’s sudden need to get to Castiel, though.
“Wake up, Mom,” Castiel whispered. “I’ve never been a fan of one-sided conversations.”
Ben yawned, leaning his head on Dean’s shoulder. “I’m sleepy, Dad.”
The man rolled his eyes. “Humans and their dramatics. We simply made a deal, no harm no foul. You can call me Lucifer. And I am here to clean up the mess you’ve made.” The man looked at Dean firmly.
Castiel nodded. “Hmm. I think she was waiting for you to get home, but she was tired after crawling around all day.”
It wasn’t until his relationship with Lisa—his longest relationship at the time, with six months and two days, to be exact—that he’d finally decided to settle down. He’d even considered moving to California, just to be closer to her. The long-distance thing wasn’t working for either of them. But just before things got too serious between them, she dropped the bomb that she had a son, a cute five-year old named Ben, whom she had been hiding from Dean for fear of scaring him away. Dean had been twenty-six at the time, and having a kid was nowhere near his radar. Not only that, but the fact that Lisa had hidden something so big from him was a whole other issue. So, he broke it off, and he never saw her again.
The voice was starting to sound more like Dean and less like Sam - but it was still Sam’s face that Dean could see in his mind’s eye. He couldn’t just stand here and wait to be caught. He couldn’t give up. He had to get out of the city, get away. He gritted his teeth, and nodded to himself.
He stood in the quiet of the hallway for a moment, and breathed. He knew no one would follow him. They were all stuck waiting for the cameras to stop flashing.
They went downstairs. Still in silence, in the quiet and the dark. The stairs made hollow sounds under Dean’s feet. Castiel wondered what his shoes were made of. He wondered what Dean was thinking.
"She's not a revenant," Dean said.
"Yeah. Meanwhile both he and his sibling are out there losing their minds thinking he has no way to get insulin. Come on, we’ve gotta go. Now."
“It’s nice,” Cas said. “I like your wok.”
Maybe it would be better if Sam saw the video first, though? Then he could have time to get over the whole
Dean. Who – who even was Dean? What had he been doing in the forest? How had he known to come inside and offer Castiel his help?
After less than three seconds, it was opened. Framed in the doorway stood Dean Winchester, wearing a nervous smile and nicer clothes than Castiel had ever seen him wear before to class.
“What was that?”
Castiel rolled his eyes, but there was a slight flush to his cheeks. “Sure, Dean, whatever you say.”
“I do,” Daphne said. “And I’m happy for you, Castiel. Are you happy?”
“Damn right I got wasted. I got nothing to live for anymore, Cas. I wanna drink until I forget myself. And then, I wanna die. You don’t have to come rescue me. I’m not your charity case. You should have left me on the ground. I was having fun by myself.”
Castiel wrapped an arm around her shoulders. “You look lovely when you blush.”
Dean spared Castiel another glace before he reached for his thigh and gripped it. “I’m really happy, Cas. I can’t believe it took us this long to get here.”
“It’s so quiet. And soft. And boring. Don’t you listen to anything else?”
“Visiting Bobby.”
Castiel stole the coffee from Dean again, but he frowned when he realized the cup was empty. “That was definitely not enough caffeine for the two of us.”
Sam nodded to Castiel. “He’s a keeper.”
“She was,” Dean said. “We just got here from the airport. I’m beat.”
a self-proclaimed plant killer.”
Castiel stepped all the way inside, closing the door behind him. But he didn’t go up to Dean’s bed. Instead, Castiel walked over to Dean’s bookshelf, fingerprints brushing the spines of the titles. His hand settled on one of his own books and he picked it up, flipping through it. His eyes went wide before he glanced at Dean. “You added comments?”
“I think I’ll drive myself, but thanks.” Dean cleared his throat. The cool breeze of the night was flooding inside while the door was ajar. “And thanks for dinner. It was great. The pie was great, too. And you were…you know, great.”
Dean wasn’t sure if he wanted to talk about Mary. If Dean brought her up, then he’d have to talk about everything. And that wasn’t a conversation he wanted to have right now. “I usually hang out with my brother, Sam. He’s a lawyer. Smartest guy I’ve ever known. We like to go to this bar downtown called the Roadhouse. My aunt owns the business, so I get a pretty good discount on beer.”
Dean let out a sigh, feeling like he was in a fucking dream. Maybe he was. And he hoped he just kept on dreaming.
Apparently, bringing up schoolwork was the wrong thing to do because Castiel cleared his throat and went to sit behind his desk, far away from Dean. It was ridiculous, but Dean instantly missed Castiel’s nearness. He tried to get it back by sitting across from his desk, but it just wasn’t the same.
With his other hand, Castiel tugged Dean’s face closer and pressed their lips together. The languid kiss was soft, but full of emotion. Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel, his cold hands settled on dip of Castiel’s lower back. Castiel kissed a trail from Dean’s lips to his cheek, until he reached his ear. Castiel nibbled on his earlobe, and Dean gripped him tighter.
“Because I’m obviously Harry.”
Dean nodded solemnly, right on board with the plan.
“Ben, you need to wash your hands for dinner,” Lisa said.
Castiel hadn’t realized how easy it would be to summarize all of the history between them. Sometimes it was difficult to remember what his life had been like before Dean showed up in it. He could still remember the way he’d felt around him at the beginning. Charlie was a frequent customer of the Roadhouse, and she made a pastime out of bothering the cooking staff. Castiel had grown fond of her, but didn’t really consider her a friend until she invited him out to lunch a few times, only to bring Dean along one of those times. Castiel had been instantly taken with Dean, not only because he was good-looking—anyone could see that—but because he was unbelievably considerate to everyone around him.
When they made it to the back of the parking lot, it was slightly easier to breathe. Castiel walked Dean to the Impala and waited until he was safely behind the wheel.
She fired.
The walk back to their house was cold, but not unbearable. Castiel held Dean’s hand all the way home.
Castiel laughed. “You’re very passionate about this topic, aren’t you?”
“You know it,” Gabriel said. “Be good tonight, kiddos. And Dean, I want to see more of you. Not just ‘cause you have a good-looking face.”
“I will get you everything that you asked for, Mom. Give me a minute, please.”
“I think you should always make time for Jane Austen adaptations.”
Dean pursed his lips, but didn’t protest again. Instead he closed his eyes. A single tear slipped down the side of his face before Dean raised up an arm to shield his face.
In his hands, Castiel was holding the horned amulet Dean had given to Sam. It was intact, and it was a good distance from the house. Dean snatched it from his hands, looking back at the shattered house. Sam wasn’t trapped inside. He’d managed to escape. There was no other explanation. Sam had escaped and he was alive.
“You going home or sleeping on the couch?” Dean asked, stretching his back.
Castiel nodded, satisfied. Then he picked up his fork and started eating.
“I can’t help it.”
“You promised.”
“Hell yeah, I’m up for it. Let’s go.”
“Before we left Denton, Bobby asked me to stop by on our way to New York,” Castiel said, clearing his throat. “He wants to know about Sam and Jess.”
“Who’s Meg Ryan?”
Cas rolled his eyes. “You’re making me feel like a virgin.”
Castiel smiled his best gummy smile. “That sounds nice, actually. I hadn’t planned anything. I thought we could just stay in and watch another bad movie.”
Dean swallowed. “Yeah. I mean, we’re friends. We like hanging out.”
“Ben is very young, and he’ll get used to Benjamin.”
this to be a date?”
“Hell yeah, I knew. You’re not sneaky at all. But I wasn’t gonna say anything.”
“Yes, I know that. But he doesn’t.” Amelia held Dean’s wrists and lowered his hands from his face. “I’ve thought it over, and I’d like to stay for breakfast. I’m hungry again. What are you making?”
Dean swallowed his food, trying to restrain a smile. “Oh yeah, he’s hot. I’d date him.”
“There’s one by mine as well. Cool Beans, I believe is the name.”
Castiel looked at Dean, almost like he was waiting for him to catch up.
And then he remembered that he still hadn’t heard from Anna. There was no way to reach her either. The only option Castiel was left with was traveling across the country to New York, hoping that he’d find her alive and well in her condo. It was a long shot, but it was the only solution he could find.
So when his drink arrived, Dean drank silently. Everyone else was caught up in multiple conversations, but Dean stayed quiet. Bela kept a hand on Dean’s leg, and he just kept wishing she’d take it away. If Bela hadn’t been a part of their conversation earlier about Castiel, maybe Dean wouldn’t mind it so much. But now, Dean wanted nothing to do with her.
“That’s right,” Crowley said, eyes back on his computer. “That is all I can say.”
“You’ve been avoiding me. I’d like to know why.”
“I guess,” Castiel said, squinting. “But Dean has told me the same in many other ways throughout the years. This is no different. Do you really expect our entire friendship to change over one kiss?”
first. And even though he claims he’s gay, I don’t buy it. Not for one second. I know that, deep down, my sweet, darling Clarence only truly loves me.” Meg touched a hand to her heart, and a tear ran down her cheek.
Jess swallowed, proceeding to clean Sam’s leg. Sam was so out of it, he didn’t even flinch. “Something was in the house. It guided me to the basement and then it appeared. A tall blond man. He…he said he would help us. He promised us safety from the angels in this house. He said there were blockers protecting us, things the angels couldn’t cross, so long as we stayed in here.”
Castiel hated the sorrowful look in Dean’s eyes whenever he brought up Lisa. Castiel had hated it even more when Dean compared him to Lisa, even though he knew that Dean hadn’t meant it in a bad way. But Castiel wished that Dean would never have to think about Lisa again. Castiel would make sure that no one ever hurt Dean again, not if he could help it. He leaned forward, placing his hand over Dean’s on the table. Dean turned his hand palm up, and he started playing with Castiel’s hand again, fingers grazing his softly. Castiel didn’t think Dean knew how much he liked it when he did that. “You can distract me.”
“Yes,” Castiel said.
They made it outside, and Dean breathed. His breath plumed. It was slightly too cold, in a good way; Cas stood beside him, elbows just close enough to touch. Above them, the sky was open, stars shining in an embrace as wide as the heavens, wide as the eye could see.
Dean. He was watching Castiel.
“What if Batman was into dudes?” he said, the words spilling out suddenly, childishly, way too fast.
“That – you – that was a date? No, I – I’d remember –”
“Lisa is an intelligent person and, if she were jilted, I would not expect her to make political moves against us just out of anger or resentment. But Dean is… not showing himself to be the best future ruler of a country. Even before his rudeness to her, he’s been looked down on for years because of his attachments to those outside the nobility… which I will never condone,” Mary said, meeting Castiel’s eyes, “as you know. No one could have been a better friend to my son all these years than you. But if our house is to continue to rule, he has to make a good match.”
Castiel stared at her. Every breath he managed to drag into his lungs was a stab. Every punching beat of his heart was a blow.
The rest of the room was so quiet around them. Castiel couldn’t look away from Dean, but he could sense their eyes on him, waiting for what he was going to do. Their gaze was familiarly judgemental, the same raised eyebrows and sideways glances that had followed him at every royal party he’d ever attended.
“You want to be?” Dean says, cautious, hazarding a guess. And when Castiel’s expression tells Dean he’s right, his face goes even more soft with surprise. “Why?”
In her hotel room, lounging in a decadently thick bathrobe on her lush king-sized bed, Jo heard a notification on her ph
“If you’re nervous,” Cas said, “don’t be. You’re going to be wonderful. Just wait until they hear you.”
He flipped to the next photo, and found himself grimacing. They were all in exactly the same places and the photo was clearly taken just moments after the first, but this one seemed to prove that the relatively put-together effect of the first photo was a happy coincidence. In this one, they were so obviously drunk that Castiel wanted to shred the picture and hide it forever: Castiel had both his eyes closed, and Dean seemed to be singing something. Jo and Sam were watching the two of them, neither of them looking the worse for wear.
“You could come.”
“But I – I do,” Castiel said, so quietly that Dean barely heard it.
And it felt real.
Castiel looked around his living room. He should take a picture of it, to send to Gabriel. The WiFi out here was bad enough that it would probably take a few hours to send, and he was only barely exaggerating to think that – but still. He wanted to do what he’d set out to do today: show Gabriel he was wrong.
“I met your brother,” he said eventually.
“You could just type it,” Dean said, holding the phone out to him. “And I’ll send it.”
“I wouldn’t,” Dean said.
“I don’t know.”
Now, there was a question. The guy was looking at Dean frankly. It was a simple request for information; there was no promise of judgement in his eyes.
Beside Dean, Lisa pulled up her veil, and turned to look at her groom.
“Damnit.” Dean let her go. “Nothing getting past you today.”
It loops round and round perfectly in Castiel’s mind. Meeting Dean, the push Castiel needed to start running. And knowing Dean, now, the pull Castiel needs to keep changing, stay with him, stay together.
“I’m the person who made that,” Castiel murmured. “I’m the person who helped the revenant. I’m the person who came out to his brother.”
“Hey, nice…”
His heart ached for it. He was still here, still in the forest, and he somehow missed it. Or maybe he just missed Dean.
Lisa stood in the centre of the corridor, looking between the two of them.
At the entrance to the alley, Castiel stopped. For a moment, he hesitated.
“Shame,” Gabriel said. “I was kinda looking forward to my trip up to the ol’ Forest.” He said it in a hokey, woodfolk-y accent.
“I texted you,” Dean growled. “What the hell happened?”
“We need to get down there.” Dean pressed his lips together. “Okay. It’s been long enough. Tell me where the wards are.”
“Dean,” he managed. And then, like a wave, unstoppable and incomprehensibly huge, came the darkness.
“No trouble,” they said, and when Castiel nodded, they scurried away. He watched after them ruefully. He often wondered whether he’d do better to come down here without the outfit. The leather, the eye-tech that made his eyes midnight-black, the voice-changing mask that covered the lower half of his face, the full regalia of it - even without the usual hood to cover his hair, it was imposing and the people of the Underlight didn’t trust it. Castiel wondered whether he’d do better to turn up in plainer clothes.
Dean wanted more, but he didn’t want to push his luck or make the guy uncomfortable. It was still possible that this was all just for a photo in his mind. Dean couldn’t keep the smile off his face, though, at the thought of what they’d just done. His mind was already playing the memory back for him in hungry detail. The way the guy had held him, had let him take control and then taken it back, the give and take, the -
Again, Dean nodded mutely.
So, the revenant hadn’t always been in the forest – and before it had come, this house hadn’t needed all the ugly wards and salt lines. There had been… Castiel struggled to think it for a second, but got past it. There had been gremlins and fairies living here, in the house. But the dark thing that had come, it had caused too much pain. So the house had needed to be warded, shut away.
He reached out and twisted the water on. At first it ran cold, but he stood under the jet with his teeth gritted until it warmed up – too hot for a second, until it settled at the right temperature.
What if it was too much, and Cas was gone by the time Dean finished the song? Or what if, when he got back to his seat, Cas didn’t address it at all because he hadn’t even noticed? Which would be worse - for Cas to have understood and been frightened off, or for Cas to be clueless because it didn’t mean anything to him? Both were so embarrassing, so stupid -
“Go on, then,” they said, reaching for a powdered one this time.
Through the darkness – through Castiel – fell a leaf.
“I’ll suck at it,” he told her over the phone.
“No,” Castiel retorted. He threw his comb back into his suitcase. “Last night, you were talking as though there couldn’t be anything worse than going through with the royal wedding, and –”
Dean didn’t stop and he didn’t take his eyes off his target, but his lips pressed together. So, the Angel was here too.
“Right,” Dean said. “Right, yeah. Definitely. Yeah. I mean - wait, I mean - no, no, I’m not.”
“Huh?” Charlie copied, and then did an exaggerated impression of his staring.
Dean stared at him for a long second.
“Wait,” Dean said, hopelessly, but Castiel was already leaving. He didn’t say goodbye, only walked away from him in the dark. Dean watched after him, his cheeks aflame, his mouth trying to shape words that wouldn’t come. Was it already over? Had he really managed to screw it up this fast?
“No,” Dean said.
Castiel narrowed the eyes in question, but then flicked his gaze back and forth behind his eye-tech, selecting the scan option and searching for elevated heart rates in the Underlight. He watched the cityscape go dark around him, orange lights starting to pulse in his vision as the scanners picked up on hearts beating nearby. All looking normal, except -
Poison Bombs, Castiel noted. Those offensively green lime drinks had apparently been named appropriately.
“Cas?”
“You wish,” he said. “Legolas. The Two Towers.”
“Yeah,” Dean said. “So, do you?”
Dean shakes his head. Castiel can see him battling with himself, trying to decide whether he wants to push harder. Castiel keeps his face neutral, hoping Dean will drop it.
After a moment, the door swung open.
he thought to himself as Cas let his arm go.
“Shhhhhhhhut the fuck up,” Dean half-sang, half-said. “Okay. I mean. We’re here now.”
it said, eventually.
Cas came further into the room; Dean pushed his blankets so that they covered up his mattress for Cas to sit on, and then kicked off his shoes, crossing his legs up on the bed.
He was going to do it. He was going to tell Castiel that
“No!” Castiel called, starting towards the glass, shaking off the inertia of horror. “No – hey, stop!”
“I think so,” Castiel said. “One or both of us might be dreaming.”
“Much appreciated.” Jody reached for one. “Listen, I need you to focus up, today. Cas might think you’re beyond amazing but I’m gonna need to see it. I know it probably feels like no big deal now when there’s just us here, but we’re gonna be putting on a big, big show on the thirtieth and I need you to be just as prepared and on it as any professional. People have paid good money for their tickets.”
“Maybe it’s not the words that are Castiel’s problem,” Cas said. “Maybe it’s that he’s had no one to sing them to.”
“First time was right before midterms,” Dean said. “Second time was right after. You did homework with Meg, and then you went to a movie with Uriel.”
And the words were embarrassing, the concept was embarrassing, everything was so awkward and so embarrassing.
“We’re from United Corelia –”
“Yeah. It was you and me and Jo and Sam.” Dean flipped the picture he’d been looking at, the one that he’d been staring at, to the back. When he held out the stack of photos to Castiel, it was with a touch of overdone carelessness. “See for yourself.”
“Uh-huh.”
God…”
“Actually,” Castiel said, “I’ve got plans to stay for a while.”
“I never promised to marry Lisa,” Dean said, his voice so deep that Castiel felt the anger radiating through it. “You did that for me.”
“You know,” he said. He glanced over his shoulder, and then dipped his hand into the inside pocket of his jacket, and pulled out a golden band. Castiel felt lightning streak across his chest at the sight of it. “When you agreed to put your one of these on, you kinda became a Prince.”
“Hi,” he said. He tapped his label. “I’m Dean.”
Dean. It’s like… don’t hate me for saying this. But it’s like you’ve been living your life at an amber stoplight these past few years. Not stopped and not ready to go. You know? Not putting your whole… thing… into anything that matters to you, so you didn’t have to feel shit about it? But this… singing, and Cas, and coming out to Sam… this matters to you, right?”
“Yes,” Castiel said.
"Yeah, right."
“You don’t have to watch it if you don’t wanna,” Charlie said again. “But it’s there.”
It was too hard, and the angle was wrong, and Castiel didn’t care. He closed his eyes, his body reacting for him, chasing Dean’s touch without him even having to think about it. It wasn’t a kiss, it was a mess, it was a reaching out and a rush and a desperate sudden static press of mouth to mouth – and then it was over. Dean ripped himself away. For a moment, less than a moment, his thumb was against Castiel’s lips, touching him so gently that it hurt.
“Push you out too?” he said. “Wh- are you – are you – are you something like – like that thing? Out there?”
“Yeah. Sam.”
“Shit. Shit, shit…”
“Cas?” said the voice Castiel most and least wanted to hear.
“Absolutely,” Dean said.
Castiel pressed his lips together.
He glanced over the elevator’s read-out, a holographic cube hovering in the elevator’s centre at eye level.
Cas said.
“You’re welcome.”
“If that was a kinda spur-of-the-moment thing that you wanna take back,” Dean said, “that’s OK by me. We can head back in.”
He rounded a corner and began to cross a small parking lot.
Someone was making little low groaning sounds, and he only realised they were coming from his own mouth when he moved the hand on his stomach and they got higher, more strained. His hand was coated in blood. Bright red and angry to be out in the world, when it should definitely have all been inside him.
“Yeah,” he said through it, “anyway. I just gotta give him some time.”
He stopped himself before he could say any of the insults that sprang to mind.
He stands up, and turns to Dean, who’s looking at him with something in his eyes that’s just the same. Newly unfurled, wanting touch.
Before Castiel could answer, he slammed back into his own body, and felt his heart give a terrible, wonderful, reckless
“Ouch.”
kind of face, so Dean leaned in again. This time he gave it a little more, pressing a little harder, letting his lips be a little softer. And when he pulled away, he didn’t go too far. The guy smelled amazing. He was so close, and he was turning to look at Dean, his eyes flicking down to Dean’s lips.
“Please. They can
“Can I ask you something?” Castiel asked, as they moved off the coastal road and began to head inland.
Then.
“Like what?”
drunk,” Castiel said.
That was – well, it wasn’t that strange on Dean’s personal spectrum of strange to not strange these days. Fighting Death and God and God’s sister and all the rest of it kind of put a bunch of other strange crap way down the list. But this was still… weird. Not bad weird, necessarily.
“I do get it,” Castiel said.
“I am. You aren’t.”
He tried to imagine opening the door to his apartment one day and finding a bunch of paparazzi in his stairwell, snapping pictures of him as he left for work. Following him to the garage and taking photos of him and the other mechanics in their dumb orange overalls. Filling up pages of crappy sites with the news that he’d eaten another cheap sandwich for lunch or - shockingly - had stopped for a coffee. It felt stupid, but not horrible.
“You can,” Dean says. “You don’t need… damnit, Cas, you didn’t have to take your own grace out just to be able to stay.”
After a moment of thought, ruefully, Castiel looked away.
“Goodb-”
“Did you sleep alright?” Dean asked.
“Dean?” he called. “Dean?”
“You like this one?” he said, and when Cas nodded, he bit his lip and risked, “Wanna dance?”
“Well,” Dean said, and then stopped.
“Sam,” he said, “you know you come first. Always have.”
Castiel moved further into the house, finding himself treading lightly as though not wanting to disturb though he knew no one was here. He passed the door to the kitchen first and peeked inside; at least it looked as though it had a fridge and a stove that seemed modern enough. The round, scrubbed wooden table had two comfortable-looking chairs beside it. No coffee maker, though, he thought. And here, again, was another one of those ugly hanging things. Even more silver on this one. Less garlic, but still some. He eyed it distastefully. It probably had bugs living in it. Or bacteria.
If it had been anyone else, Dean would have been thinking
Dean looked back over at Castiel.
Dean hummed, and the vibration had Castiel grasping at the sofa with his hands, seeking something to hold onto. His body was alight, little points of touch all over sharp with pleasure.
“You gonna get in some -”
The screen on the phone tinted slightly darker, as if it were about to shut off and lock itself. Dean lunged for it, tapping frantically on the screen to keep it on. The screen brightened, and he was looking at the thumbnail from close up.
“Hurgh.” Dean put both his hands on the steering wheel. He could see his knuckles press white through the skin on his fingers. “Right. I’d forgotten about that part. Completely. It was great.”
“It’s all good,” he said, reaching out and giving the hand a squeeze, and then letting go quickly.
Dean pointed it in the direction of the tree.
Castiel doesn’t use words to say it. Dean barely used them to ask the question; it was all in his eyes and the way he’s still holding his arms slightly out to the sides as though hoping to have a reason to put them around someone, and so Castiel gives him a reason.
Still? Had Dean ever actually told Cas that he wanted to go on a date? Maybe he’d just been that obvious. Or maybe Cas had actually been able to guess what Dean wanted from the way Dean had said
Dean let out a breath.
Jo’s ph
Meg began to sing, her voice a little raspy but in an attractive, controlled way. She danced as she sang, swaying from side to side, working the microphone; Dean watched how confident she was, how easy she made it look to be out there in front of the judges; he tried to drink it in, absorb some of her knowledge and self-assuredness and obvious experience. Her turn ended to more applause, and Anna smiled at Dean.
it, he was seven-chili Dean, that was why.
Those blue eyes were striking but it was more about his face in motion, some little quirk of his mouth as he spoke.
“Yeah,” he said.
“You promised,” Dean said.
Which didn’t really fit with the whole
The tone buzzed in his ear, and then someone picked up.
Dean nodded seriously.
“Please - my arm -”
“Still?”
“How do you know?” Castiel managed, as Dean tilted his head back, eyes upward, clearly trying to take in the latest disaster.
“Uh,” Dean says. His mouth shapes a ‘w’ like the start of a question, and then closes again, and he frowns – but he doesn’t look away.
“Dean? Oh, god. Oh my god.” There was the sound of something falling on the other side of the door, and then some scrambling, and then the door was unlocked and flung open. Charlie stood framed in the doorway. Her short hair was wild, half of it pressed to her face and the other half sticking out at an odd angle – and her eyes were red and puffy, as though she’d been crying. “I just got your text – it’s all over the news –”
“No nex detected,” said a cool voice in the dark. “No nex detected. Intruder.”
So many years later, living in Austin now in his own place with a job and a life of his own, and those words still hit him just as hard as they had when he’d first heard them as a queer teenager doing his best to get by and not be outed in a tiny, conservative town. The rush in his blood when he’d heard the song and realised for the first time that there really could be a life for him outside the town - a life where he wouldn’t have to always hide and be afraid - he could still feel it. He let the music fill him up, push away the sensation of panic, the over-thinking and the worry. Like he’d always used to, back at home when he’d be sitting in his car at the lookout point with the windows up and the song blasting, he lost himself in it, in the feeling of raw hope and determination that it gave him.
“You should hate me,” Dean said again.
“Boy, did I.”
"You know I can't sing in the concert, right?"
“If the area is found to be a habitat for the endangered species, work will cease.”
Castiel’s mouth fell slightly open.
He was pitchy with nerves. He sounded faint and unattractively raspy, his voice tiny and weak without a backing track. He almost stopped, but Cas was watching him, not taking his eyes off him.
“Fine. I won’t report you this time. But don’t get in my way again.”
Dean stared up after him.
“You… don’t care?”
“He’s a busy guy,” she said. “But I know he’ll do his best. Now, anything else?”
“Well…” Castiel said, and then stopped, and looked away.
“Not even when I talked about Gordon Walker for, like, an entire semester of high school?”
There were no real cleaning supplies in the house that he could find and Castiel wasn’t intending to walk the hour to find the nearest convenience store, so instead he filled the deepest cooking pot he had with water and dish soap. For a cloth he delved into one of his boxes and pulled out items of his own clothing, dismissing them all as too necessary until his hand touched something so soft that it was almost slippery.
It’s unbearable. It’s
“I can go,” he said. “If you still want to be alone. But I thought you might want some dinner.”
There’s a part of Castiel that’s trying to pinch itself, that’s shaking its head in denial, but Dean’s grip is warm and real.
“Dean?”
“Things are good,” he said.
Castiel looked up, and after a moment of studying Dean, he reached one hand forward. Carefully, he picked up the milkshake from the centre of the table, drew it towards himself, and then took a sip. He took his time before swallowing it, an expression of concentration on his face, and then he looked up again at Dean.
“I’m going to put my hand on your hip,” the stranger said gravely.
He wondered why he still somehow didn’t have Dean’s number. Dean just seemed to turn up whenever he felt like it, and that was the right time for him to be there.
“Cool,” Jody said. “Next time, do a flip.”
“Wh…” Castiel was halfway through a slightly indignant protest in his best responsible adult voice, when the sudden and surprisingly appealing image of the palace burning burst into his mind. Everyone inside would get out safely, of course, but that bastion of Corelian royalty would be crumbling, smouldering, collapsing under the appetite of fire…
Dean didn’t even entirely know what he was panicking about, but he could feel his chest going tight again. He braced himself against it as best he could, holding his breath and clenching his fists in case that would help, but it didn’t seem to. While one part of his mind started to sink into fuzzy panic, the other half watched it with a groan of
He could tell by the way that she said it, she wasn’t sure that she’d d
“Nah, that ain’t it. Your job’s safe, don’t worry. I’m just sayin’, your dad got you this job ten years ago and you told me then you didn’t wanna stay forever.” Bobby shrugged. “Thought maybe you might be doin’ something towards that this past week, or something. I don’t know.” He looked embarrassed about having spoken up - but if Dean knew Bobby, this was something that had been on his mind for a long time. He wasn’t one to speak his thoughts uninvited without a good three-year run-up.
“What?” Dean said, catching him looking.
That was, if Dean ever came back.
Anna Celeste opened their mouth with a dismissive expression on their face, and then – quite suddenly – their expression dropped.
Dean stood up abruptly.
Castiel said nothing. He meant to answer, but when he opened his mouth, no words came out.
“Gross.”
And all Dean’s furiously thudding heart wanted was touch, anyway, no matter what it meant.
There was a moment of quiet, and then a breath of relief. Castiel breathed out.
Until next week!!
“What’s going on?” said Cas, up on the stage.
“Okay. So, to start with, you’re going to want to hold it so that your hand isn’t touching that switch, right there. Always have a quick check to make sure you aren’t even slightly close to accidentally turning off your microphone. Next…”
the sets of lights that were this model.
Later, when they were on the porch again – sober this time, just talking now and then and letting silence and half-glances fill the rest of the space – Castiel looked out at the forest with Dean by his side. The ache in his heart felt dark and cold and strong, and Castiel nodded internally at the pain.
“Let me try,” Castiel said, taking the straw out of his milkshake, slowly so none spilled out of the end and onto his lap.
“Put there by an Angel,” Dean said, and Castiel held himself still to avoid looking surprised or even jerking back. Dean was well-known for being fun at parties, and Castiel didn’t think he’d ever heard Dean mention the Angels, let alone do something so political as to speak of them in a tone of disapproval. Dean looked surprised himself for a second, but then seemed to shrug and then carried on, “I don’t know. Just never seemed like I needed one. And I don’t need Angels creeping on my memories either.”
And then another.
After a long minute of thought, Castiel went to his texting app and opened the text chain with the “hacker”.
"Good. I gotta run. There’s another kid from Central and they removed his nex down the hall and I wanna see it."
“Like… shit, what if I come out to Sam and lose him. Literally this afternoon, I could lose my brother. He could be just… gone. Never want to talk to me again. Fuck. And then maybe I say the wrong thing to Cas, and he walks out, and he gets mad again, and I lose Cas too. And even if I don’t, he’s gonna leave anyway after the concert to go on the rest of his tour.” Dean took a deep breath in, and then let it go, slower this time. “I don’t know how to not freak out. I literally don’t know how to stop it. Except for maybe going back to doing what I’ve been doing all this time, but it feels like that’s been wrecked and I can’t go back because I know Cas is out there now and if I try to go back to just a normal life without him, I don’t… shit, I don’t know if I can. And even if I
“Alright,” Castiel said.
“What do you mean,” she said, “‘either’?”
Castiel’s phone hummed.
Charlie stared at him for a long time. Her eyes searched his face, seeming to be checking for any sign that this was some kind of cruel joke, or maybe that Dean was just being kind and really did want to fire her. When she only saw what Castiel knew would be on Dean’s face – mulish honesty – she wiped a hand across her cheek, drying the tears. And then she crossed the short distance between herself and Dean, and pulled him into a sharp hug.
Then –
still open up. Even if Cas turned out to be a douche or ended up running away on his tour and never coming back, at least it was possible. If it could happen once, it could happen again. Maybe if Dean put in some effort, it could even happen more with the people he already knew, people who had apparently already noticed that he didn’t like doing Feelings, with a capital F.
Right.
Dean glanced down at his phone, noticed the time, and began to pack up his things. As he placed his tools carefully into his toolbox, making sure they all lay neatly, his mind was mostly on Sam. He’d been meaning to call his brother but for two days, now, he’d chickened out every time he’d thought of doing it - and now it was the day of the next rehearsal for the Castiel concert, and Sam still didn’t know Dean was in it.
“I don’t want that to sound… it’s just the connection we have. There’s something about it. I feel… close to you. And that makes me…” Castiel swallowed. “That makes me want you.”
and I said,” Ash was saying in a loud voice, “I said, sweetheart, I haven’t got another round in me, and she said – get this – she said,
“All of them?”
“You practised free kicks with him?” Lisa said to Dean, sounding like she was holding back a laugh. Dean glanced down at her; she had her eyes on her son, but there was a little smile on her face.
A really
“He better have some great suggestions for storage,” he managed.
about how handshakes happened and how people introduced themselves, but who had never actually put the theory into practice. Dean pulled his hand away, and the man quickly let go.
“It’s just… I don’t know what’s wrong with me. This never happens. I never go all… I don’t know… I don’t do this shit, and now every other second I’m like, ugh.”
“But – but we can’t have. We
Dean cleared his throat.
“You can’t have missed it,” Castiel said, looking at him sceptically.
Dean looked away, grinning a little humourlessly.
“You’re engaged,” he managed. “It’s wrong, Dean.”
Castiel shrugged, knowing that a shrug was the last thing Dean wanted. The anger that he'd been holding inside him raised its head.
“Okay. I’m going now. Sorry I interrupted your call with Sam.”
Castiel held out his hand to them. On his lined palm sat serenely a single, greenish butterfly, with brown and white spots.
Castiel said.
Dean grinned, with only a touch of humour.
Every question felt like gently falling snow over Castiel’s numb mind.
“Thank you,” he said. “I’m not - you know, tonight, I don’t know if I’m - if I want to just -”
They turned their attention to unpacking the contents of the grocery bag, Dean stacking things neatly into the fridge while Castiel made them each some coffee.
“What?”
He swayed sideways. The last thing he knew before he passed out was the hands of Castiel, catching him before he could hit the ground.
he’d asked.
“Yes,” was all Castiel said in response.
he asked himself, as his mind readily supplied pictures with surround-sound and texture of Dean close to him in the closet, pressed so near that touching their lips would almost have been easier than not.
“One day you’re gonna actually let me meet her. It’s like she might as well not even exist.”
The strains of panic sounded in Dean’s chest. His eyes opened.
he heard Dean say, those green eyes wide and urgent.
Dean had no idea how to begin to tell Sam what had happened. How he’d found himself dreading those nights at the Firehouse, surrounded by dudes in trucker hats, framed pictures of mostly-naked women on the walls, and Sam asking him about what he was up to. And Dean both wanting and not wanting to say
“Cas here’s a big fan of Castiel,” Dean explained. “Gave himself the nickname
“I’m dead,” Dean said. And meant it more than last time.
There was a pause. Dean stared up at the sky, and counted to ten. His chest was tight. Why was he freaking out? He’d asked people out before. He’d complimented people before. This was no different.
“Perfect,” Charlie said. “And Dean, you’d better check the transcript for this one. I could see you spacing out over there.”
. Why does the word kissing have to sound like that, anyway.”
“Ah,” he said. “Well… I do. Want to.”
“New things,” Dean echoed.
“Hell yeah.”
Castiel woke up on the day of Dean’s wedding in his room at the Palace, hurting before he even remembered why. He wanted to throw up. He wanted to punch something. But he found himself, instead, sitting up very still in his bed, frozen, staring at the wall.
“We’re still married,” Dean echoed. Castiel looked up at him, and he could feel his own eyes shining. Practical be damned. This was what he wanted. He knew it. Better than he knew the shape of his own hands, he knew the shape of his feelings for Dean.
He bought his tools and his cleaner, as well as some birdseed and a bird feeder, and remembered this time to check the noticeboard for jobs. There was the expected calls for manual work; Castiel took pictures on his phone of the adverts. None of them paid well, and it sounded like it would be hard work, but it might be enough money to keep him going for a while.
The trees groaned in answer. And Castiel left them behind, emerging out of the edge of the forest.
thing.
“Not me,” Castiel said. Dean smiled humourlessly down at the frying pan, stirring the onions with a wooden spoon. The kitchen was starting to fill up with the smell of cooking.
“You were right,” Dean said. “Don’t make me say it again.”
The sudden urge to tell Charlie, to share the news like it was a good thing, was briefly and incongruously overwhelming.
And it was going to be fine. Years had passed since those days in college when Dean had felt so strongly for him. He was a different person now, and so was Castiel. This wasn’t going to be a big deal.
“Are you singing a Castiel song?” they asked. “Not everyone is.”
Claire looked at him silently. Castiel could see it in her face: anger, and hurt, and confusion. Every emotion that he’d wanted to throw at Lisa, too, and had been unable to.
And it had, Dean thought. It had mattered. And it still did.
“We have to,” Dean interrupted. “I can’t – not without you, Cas.”
he’d said, mock-serious.
her.”
It felt so possible, and so out of reach.
“Here he is,” Charlie said, when Castiel arrived back in front of their hotel. The heat of the day wasn’t stifling, it was murder. Castiel melted into the car that was waiting for him with the door open, followed by Charlie’s assurances that his things had all been packed for him.
“Yeah,” Dean said, warming to his theme a little since the first statement didn’t seem to have caused offence. If anything, Cas looked eager for him to continue. “That thing he does where he always wears the mask onstage and in public, it’s so gimmicky. And like, it’s like every other cheesy pop singer ever has a hand up his butt, and he’s just their little song-puppet. People going wild for the same chords over and over. And the worst?” Dean was in full flow, now. “The worst is that he’s singing about falling in love like it’s all cute and nice and happy, blah blah blah,
“Really? Do you mean it?”
“It’d be worse for him, being tailed everywhere and having to live like a real celebrity,” Jody said. “It’s so restrictive, he’d go out of his mind.” Dean thought about it - thought about what Cas had said to him in the back room of the Ground Floor theatre about being lonely, wanting to come to The Refuge for one night of being normal, trying to leave the interviews and the persona of Castiel behind just for a night.
like something.
Dean’s face was slack in sleep, his mouth slightly open. Castiel didn’t move his hand. He wasn’t sure, if he tried to move it, which way it would go. He knew he’d have to take it away, but the temptation to thread his fingers through Dean’s was a point of pain in his chest.
“I know what any rational being would think of it,” Dean said. He shuffled some more contents in the bag. “Did you really get three different types of cookie?”
He turned in a circle on the spot. He could try to head for Gordon’s store, and see if Dean was there. Or he could just wander the coastal road, hoping they’d run into each other. But there wasn’t time…
“Okay, well, anyway.” Charlie smiled at him awkwardly. “Sorry to wake you up.”
“Jess,” Castiel said. The butterfly didn’t stop to land on him, or even spin a loop around his head. It flew, wings flashing, right past Dean and Castiel, and over to the tree behind them. The dead white tree. And on the end of the jagged and pitted stump where Castiel’s white bough had fallen away and down to the ground, it settled.
“Yeah. I mean, he hates most of the stuff he’s released since
Cas took a deeper breath in, and held it for a second, and then let it go.
Castiel stops a few feet from him and tips his hat a little further back on his head, so that Dean can clearly see his face.
Castiel gripped his hand slightly tighter just for a second before relaxing his hold, and Dean felt his stomach doing flips. He moved his thumb again, and Castiel was steady under the movement.
Castiel didn’t know what to say. His head was thudding. The sense of there being something important that he’d forgotten was growing.
When he turned back to Dean, he could see that Dean’s mouth was open, and his teeth were a little bared, as though he were calling out. As Castiel watched, his lips moved.
That was what his reputation would indicate, anyway.
“Yeah,” Dean said, trying to look as though he’d taken in everything she’d said, though his mind had shorted out somewhere around the point where the words
But Mary’s words were ringing in his ears. What they boiled down to was simple: Castiel was bad for Dean’s reputation. If Dean was going to be able to rule Corelia, and if Corelia was going to be able to stay politically stable, Dean and Castiel’s friendship was already an obstacle and a marriage was out of the question.
“You should.” Charlie smiled at him. “People love you, Dean. I don’t wanna freak you out so stop me if this is bad to talk about, but people are making fan pages about you. They’re changing their Twitter icons to your face. They’re writing fanfic.”
“Mmm.” Castiel woke up to himself making a sound of acknowledgement, and frowned in confusion.
A panic attack? Dean had never had one of those in his life. Well - there was the time he’d felt this way when he’d heard the news about his parents’ crash, and there was the time he’d got short of breath right after Sam had told him that he was leaving home, but -
“True. But Christmas isn’t really Christmas without some good snow. Castiel knows all about that - you’re going to have a snowy one this year in Alaska, aren’t you?”
Nothing had ever happened between them, and Dean had never been one to be shy about who he liked – so if Dean had ever felt any particular type of way about Castiel, then Castiel would have known.
to get to that sharp-split point when his life takes one of two courses, when Dean says one of two things.
“Ta-da, I didn’t,” he said, lamely. Cas smiled, though, as if it had actually been even slightly funny, and Dean felt his shoulders relax. Music started playing, the dreamy tones of a Tegan and Sara song that Dean knew from Charlie’s playlist in her car, and he turned to look at the stage, where Jo was standing beside Charlie and looking vaguely murderous.
Dean’s expression grew harder.
"Mmm." They maintained a strict policy of never mentioning anything about their lives beyond the Underlight to each other, something they'd never spoken about but wordlessly kept to. The Hunter mentioning that money might be an issue for him seemed to skate a little close to the line, because now Castiel was thinking, is he from the Underlight himself? Or just one step up, from the North Mid? Does he struggle for cash? Is he here when he should be at work?
“She’s about to find out that I’m not into you that way,” Dean said, standing up and brushing his clothes down. “How do I look?”
It began to rain, and that was about them. The road was sheened over with mirror water, reflecting the brightness of the headlights, and that was about them. They were noisy art in motion; they were the upward splash of puddle-water thrown up by the tires, they were the rough roar of the engine. They were two people sitting in a car, and they were everything else, too.
Castiel closed his eyes for half a second. The idea of spending the evening before the worst day of his life in the company of a group of guys who mostly didn’t want to give him the time of day, while they were all naked and sweating in a steam room, was probably one of the least appealing things he’d ever heard.
Dean couldn’t help it.
“Yeah.” Dean looked down at the white st
Castiel considered.
“You should be out there,” Castiel said.
He’d tried, at least.
And then, he let go.
Somehow, even though he’d just been convincing himself that the stakes were low, Dean could feel his heart pounding.
He moved on his stool and his own feather boa shifted on his chest; he was no newbie, but he always had one trailed around his neck at the door by Ash all the same. Dean could never figure out if it was because he was doing a good enough job hiding how much he liked it and Ash thought he was teasing Dean, or if he was doing a crappy job hiding how much he liked it and Ash was just being nice. Either way, Dean got his goddamn pink feather boa and it tickled the back of his neck and he
“At the Austin Three-Sixty.”
“Relax,” he said. “I put the
“Wow,” she said. “I haven’t been back here since Dean’s birthday party in year seven. What was it, cowboy theme?”
“But this is home,” Dean said. “The people here…”
“Terrible,” Dean said. “It was great.”
“It’s this weekend that we’re going to the movie, isn’t it?” Castiel asked.
On the bed, Dean was looking down at his hand, twisting the ring on his finger.
Castiel shrugged, and started to move off. His phone said he needed to go north, which if he was right – which he probably wasn’t, but he was trying – was at a kind of right-angle to the way they’d travelled the day before to get to the clearing that belonged to the revenant. Each step Castiel took was a little hesitant. He thought this was the way, but… he pulled out his phone and checked again. The compass app he’d downloaded pointed in the exact same direction he was facing. That was a good thing, wasn’t it?
. And it might be more to do with the fact that I spent our whole first date talking about the work I’m getting d
“Yep,” Charlie said. “But I thought you might like to know that because the app was so terrible and garbage, it wasn’t registering a lot of people’s ratings. It was actually… as far as I can tell, only the creator’s opinion was actually being counted, because they were inputting it via the code instead of the UI…”
“I know,” Dean said impatiently, pushing the Angel’s hand off him.
“Who are you?” the man said.
Another pause, and then Gabriel said,
it has chicks…”
Dean puts his hands into his pockets and looks around the garden again, this time with his eyes a little less sharp.
“Yeah, yeah,” he said, trying to brush it off. He’d somehow managed to give himself a completely dead leg.
it was as though he had no idea how hot he was.
But now, Dean searched Castiel’s face. He opened his mouth, and then closed it.
Sure, the guy was good-looking. It wasn’t that Dean hadn’t noticed it before, so much as he’d worked to not think about it. But now that Dean properly looked at him, the thoughts that had been quietly lurking rose to the surface. Castiel had a kind of chiselled attractiveness to his face. He had an intensity to him that was definitely… magnetic? Was that the word for it? And obviously his eyes were that particular shade of blue, pretty striking.
He didn’t know. Dean was still safe.
Around him, the other bachelors were grabbing their things, the raucous high spirits of earlier slimmed down to quiet grins and winks now that they were back in their own country and were expected to behave. Sam emerged from up front, giving Castiel a tired smile as he passed on the way to get his own things. As its engines hummed lower and lower, the plane had the dim, hushed feel of impending jet lag.
“They’d catch you,” Claire said.
to a date with the Dean who hadn’t been making any effort. With the Dean who was clearly a mess.
Dean looked nonplussed.
on AO3 and
She left behind an aching silence.
They looked so happy that Castiel wanted to leap into the picture and join them. Hazy memories stirred at the sight of their laughter. He thought he could remember the feeling of Dean’s arm around him.
Finally, the song ended. The pale boy slipped off the stage with a huge grin on his face, to wild applause; meanwhile, Cas fell back into his seat, and smiled at Dean, who smiled back.
“Yeah,” he muttered. Things had stopped swirling quite so much. “If you were gonna have to buy the socks for yourself anyway, you haven’t really lost anything by giving them a chance to be Christmas presents first, have you? Might as well, because maybe you make it all the way through the year without losing all your socks. It’s like a sock investment.”
Against the very edge of his little finger, there was something warm. Castiel squinted, and saw that it was Dean’s thumb, just resting against Castiel’s skin. Barely there, and yet definitely there.
“I might not leave,” Castiel said quietly.
“Thanks,” Dean said. Teachers were passing them on their way to their early classes. “Hey, Balthazar. Rowena. Morning, Castiel.”
Despite the hustle of people around them, the crunch-crunch of their boots in the snow and the harshness of their voices, Dean and Castiel might have been the only two people in the world when Castiel said,
As he’d left, Dean hadn’t even said that he would come back. But here Castiel was at six in the afternoon with all his things unpacked and the house sparkling clean from top to bottom and the salt lines redrawn on the window sills and the wards polished to a shine, and there was no one here to see it.
“You made up a girlfriend? Why?”
It was stupid. There was no way Dean was thinking about that. Castiel tried to put those thoughts back in their box, and went back to looking at the various kinds of chocolate cookies on the shelf. And it was there again, that feeling inside – the happiness, as he shopped for groceries in the sunny little store, with Dean waiting for him at the counter. It was all so small, somehow. So little and yet so technicolour and real. Things felt as though they were moving slowly, and that was alright. That was good.
“What happened?” Sam asked.
“Mm. Well. I just wanted to speak to you, ‘cause like, honestly, I’m kind of running out of ideas. The wedding’s in less than a week and obviously Lisa just wants to meet Dean before the ceremony, to make sure that things are going to work out between them, get a sense of what he’s like. In an ideal world, they’d have spent all this time since the announcement getting to know each other, and this marriage would be happening off the back of at least a friendship, but…”
“Must have been… pretty weird,” Dean managed. “For you.”
Dean’s hands come up, palms facing out, asking a question without words at first.
A vacuum cleaner.
The next name was called; this time, Kevin Tran took to the stage. He grasped the microphone nervously. He looked so young out there - somehow younger than Patience. He had less of a presence on the stage; whether it was the floppy hair or just how he held himself, he looked so much more like a high schooler. Not necessarily a bad thing, Dean thought, given that he almost certainly really was a high schooler, and there was nothing wrong with looking like what you were.
“I assumed the worst of you. I shouldn’t have. When you asked if we could make it a date,” Castiel said, “I assumed you were making fun of me because I’m – you know, not really… what’s the right way to… I’m not really ‘in your league’.” He said it carefully, as though unsure he was saying it right.
“Start simple,” said Garth’s voice.
“You think so?” Cas said quietly, as Anna began singing. He watched them, like he’d watched everyone, with a shine in his eyes that looked almost like he wanted to cry. They were singing one of Castiel’s old hits,
Castiel breathed out.
Dean tapped his fingers on the bottom of the steering wheel, thinking.
“Well…” Gabriel paused for a long time. “Maybe you had to go too far because I was already way over the line,” he said.
He wanted to say something, but didn’t know how to begin. Wanted to hear everything that Dean had to say, and also knew that he didn’t want to hear any of it – because if Dean wanted what Castiel wanted then it would be painful because they couldn’t have it, and if Dean didn’t want it after all then it would be painful too, just in a different way.
Dean swung around to face him. Castiel took him in, as he stood there: the head, arms, and torso of a man, but the antlers, legs, and body of a stag. Under Castiel’s scrutiny, Dean shifted uncomfortably.
Castiel thought he might burst. He breathed, and nodded.
And Castiel doesn’t know what to say. He reaches up to his hat, just brushing the brim with the tips of his fingers in the same place Dean touched it.
“Hmm,” Dean said. Cas put his arm so that it was resting on the bar, chin leaning on his hand, so that he was just slightly nearer to Dean. And he was looking at Dean, his expression warm and clever and expectant.
Damn.
Charlie rang off. Dean, standing in the hallway of his home, lifted the phone away from his ear and stared at the screen as though it could give him answers. Castiel had been checking Dean out… all year? All
He glanced down at the milkshake in the middle of the table, and then back up to Castiel. He swallowed. His heart was thudding so loudly in his chest that he’d have sworn Castiel had to be able to hear it. His hands were shaking so badly that he had to put them down on the table. He could solder beautifully with the steadiest of hands, but one confession to a hot guy and he was in pieces. Especially when the hot guy in question took so long to answer. It had to be bad news.
“I can cook,” Dean said. “I’ll make burgers.”
“I’m sorry,” Castiel said. “I shouldn’t have lied to you. And once I had lied to you, I should’ve figured out a way to make it stop. I want to make amends for the part of it that I did wrong.”
So. Now he was the kind of person who sat on his porch with whisky in his hand. Now he was a Castiel who tried to kiss an almost-stranger and got rejected by him.
For the brush of Dean’s hand on his, Castiel thought he would have let the world burn. For less, perhaps.
“I came to talk to you,” she said, “because, well. Firstly, I’ve been waiting for, like, a few days now to hear that Dean’s whole royal engagement thing has been broken off, and I haven’t heard anything, and I was starting to worry you guys thought that the whole thing somehow hadn’t counted because you were drunk, or whatever?”
“No. I didn’t know.” There were a lot of things he needed to be thinking about, but all Castiel’s mind could fix on was the single fact that Dean hadn’t been spending the past few months locked too tightly in love’s romantic chokehold to pay attention to Castiel. He’d been too busy running from it, instead.
“I love you,” Castiel said again.
Dean laughed. “You did, but I think most of them just wanna get it over with.”
“Are you aware that the selfishness you’re describing could also be called jealousy?”
Dean couldn’t argue with her.
“That’s nonsense,” Castiel said, cupping Dean’s cheek. “The only thing you two ever do is lift me up. I want you there.”
“Dean.” Castiel’s voice was strained beside him.
“That was my bad,” Dean said. “I asked Castiel out to lunch, and we got caught up talking. I forgot to check the time. It won’t happen again.”
“You’re so stubborn.”
Tessa came back with their food and milkshakes, and she left after promising Dean she’d already saved him a piece of pie.
“But I still hurt her and a lot of other people, I’m sure.” Dean squeezed Castiel’s thigh, and gave him another short glance. “What about you? Who was your first kiss?”
“Not so close to the fire,” Raejean said tightly, pulling her even farther away. “In case you didn’t know, it burns.”
After lunch, Ben made them both go sit on the couch with him to watch
Dean squeezed his brother. “Missed you, too, kiddo.”
Jess grinned. “I think that should do.” Jess turned off the water and pressed a clean wet towel over the burn. Dean hissed. “That should teach you to be more careful next time.”
“I wouldn’t be good company,” Castiel had said.
seduced you.”
“I would like to have a love story in our graphic novel,” Dean said, yearning to reach his hand out and carve his fingers through Castiel’s wet hair. He resisted, setting his hands on his lap instead.
Castiel gave her a hard look. “Mom, be nice to Dean. He flew all this way just to see us.”
“No, Cas. It’s not happening.”
Castiel laughed. “You’re gorgeous. Shut up.”
Castiel twisted his face in disgust, trying not to let his mind wander. “Gross, Dean. This is a kid’s birthday party, remember?”
“I’m sorry, don’t be mad,” Sam said. There was a lot of noise in the background. Sam was probably stuck in traffic after getting out of the office.
Castiel nodded. “Yeah. Don’t worry about me.”
“Don’t tell me Lucifer sent you,” Castiel said, putting out his cigarette and running to catch up to her.
Castiel excused himself from the table to give them more privacy. As the night wore on, the men who’d showed solely for Dean started leaving. It was getting late, after all, and the interviews seemed to come to a halt.
Dean didn’t know if it was pride or guilt that he felt at hearing that. He wanted to be worthy of Castiel’s affection, but he felt less deserving of it now more than ever. After what he did to him, all of it, how could Castiel ever forgive him?
Castiel leaned forward, eyes closed as he pressed his lips against Dean’s in a chaste kiss, a soft caress that sent a thrill all the way to Dean’s toes. “I’ve always wanted you,” he whispered into his lips.
“So I’m an exception for you,” Dean said, smiling, “because I’m old.”
“Whatever, Sammy,” Dean said. “You’re just too scared to believe in them.”
“I guess I’ll open up to questions now,” Castiel said.
Dean nodded. “Me too.”
Castiel wrapped an arm around her shoulders and kissed her temple, which was such a soft gesture that made Dean a little uncomfortable. Dean didn’t come from a highly affectionate family. His father, John, had never been very touchy feely with Dean and his younger brother, Sam. Dean and Lisa rarely ever kissed in public. They were just not that type of couple.
“Comfy bed, yeah,” Dean said, distracted. Thinking about his bed reminded him that Castiel was still sleeping in it, with his wild hair and warm breath and soft hands.
Dean glared at him from across the table. Castiel was wearing a black vest over a white shirt, looking ready to give a lecture. Which was kind of fitting, considering he was a college professor. Still, no one should dress like that in real life. The only part of Castiel that was even in disarray was his thick black hair.
“I got it when I was eighteen. My mother named me and Gabriel after angels. For some reasons, she loved angels. She had this belief that angels were always around us. That they were these invisible celestial beings that watched over us, no matter who we were, or what religion we followed. When she died, I thought a tattoo of angel wings would be a good way to honor her memory.”
“I don’t see it,” Anna said, grabbing her camera from Dean’s neck. “I have to put it away before we get it all greasy.”
Castiel smiled. “You make it easy for me.”
“So, Cas—”
“I saw that your friend Meg was a judge,” Dean said. “I bet that’s why you won with me. Otherwise, you would have lost, just like everyone else.”
Esther pulled Castiel into her arms. “Yes, sweetheart. Yes, we’re family. Nothing’s gonna change that. Our door is always open for you. Bring Dean and Claire with you next time.”
Dandy was standing by the car seat, sniffing Claire and wagging her tail.
Dean nodded. “But I’ve never felt that way about anyone before Cas. Does that mean I’ve never been in love before?” Had he gotten it wrong this entire time?
Was that what this was about? “Are you jealous about the kiss?”
“Well, none of his converts have managed to kill Michael, so there’s that. What you will have to do, Dean, is find Gabriel and get him to turn you into an angel so that you can lure Michael out from his cave in heaven, and kill him.”
“Yeah, tell me about it,” Sam said. “Anyway, I hope you guys have fun camping. Dean and I used to go camping all the time before work got so hectic for me. You’ll be in good hands, Cas. Dean is one with the wilderness.”
“Would you like something to drink?” Lisa asked. “There’s soda and beer.”
“Pie,” Dean said immediately.
“Aw, come on,” Dean whined.
“I don’t need you defending me, Dean.”
“Touche,” Aaron said, laughing. Then he turned back to Dean. “What a pleasant surprise running into you here. Can I buy you a drink?”
Rhonda’s handshake lasted far too long before she released Dean’s hand. “I’ve heard so much about you, Dean. Come sit.”
“Give us a moment,” Bela snapped.
Sam pointed his camera at them. “Mom and Dean are trying to see
“Are you going to be okay, Dean?” Castiel touched a hand to Dean’s cheek.
Dean was still on his side, and Castiel’s chest was pressed up against his back, his arm thrown over Dean’s middle. Dean stretched his limbs, rubbing his weary eyes. He couldn’t believe that he’d passed out when he’d told himself he’d stay up for Castiel.
“To our ten episodes in the bag,” Dean said, raising his glass.
“No, it didn’t,” Charlie said. “It said ‘bad.’”
Castiel chuckled, and it was a nice sound, even over the phone. “Of course not. You made an A in my class. I wanted to congratulate you.”
Daphne smiled up at him. “You love him, don’t you?”
A wide smile slowly grew on Castiel’s face. He looked like Dean had just told him he’d won the lottery. “Yes!” Castiel nearly shouted. “Yes! Perfect. Something worth delving into. Thank you, Dean.”
Lisa looked away. “I don’t know.”
Dean skipped a real breakfast and instead grabbed a banana as he hurried out the door. It was startling for a second, not seeing Castiel’s old green pickup on the driveway. It was always there, day and night, and now suddenly, it was gone. Dean would have to get used to this, for however long. God, it was too early in the morning to dwell on this.
“Cas, you’re here,” Dean said, going over to his desk.
Lisa was holding a tupperware container. “Dean’s been sick, so I thought I’d bring him some soup. It’s his favorite.”
Dean drove because he wanted to get a feel of how draining the trip would be every time he made it. They spent it mostly singing off-key to Zeppelin, eating Kit-Kats and Doritos, and arguing whether
Dean watched him cross the street without double checking for traffic. On top of everything, the guy was pretty reckless.
“What?” Dean asked, feeling his pockets for the bulge of his keys, but coming up empty. When had Ellen stolen his keys? He hadn’t even felt her come near. “You’re a thief, Ellen? You’re a thief now?”
Castiel shrugged. “Maybe I want to spoil you.”
Castiel laughed. Sam made him sound as though he was famous. “That’s the one.”
“You ready to go?” Dean asked, as soon as it was 1:15 p.m. on the dot.
“Me? I’m not doing anything.” Jo crossed her arms, looking down at Castiel. “What are your intentions with Dean? He’s like a brother to me. Don’t pretend you weren’t getting all cozy with him just now.”
“Seriously, I don’t mind,” Jess said. “You did all the cooking. It’s the least I can do.”
“No, you haven’t. You’re sort of stuck in my life forever now.” Castiel smiled warmly, hoping Dean was able to see how much he meant it.
“Get him a book. Castiel loves books.”
Dean leaned closer. “I would never trade you for anyone else. All these cowboys can go to hell for all I care. I just want you, in the suburbs, with our baby and our golden retriever.”
Dean sighed. “I know that.” He just didn’t know if Lisa would stick around if Dean told her the truth.
Lisa was right. The living room was beautiful. It was spacious, with two long gray couches filled with throw blankets, a soft white rug underneath a black coffee table, and a plasma television on the wall. There were so many paintings filling up the rest of the wall. Some of them were full of bright colors, but others were a bit darker. Dean did a quick scan of them, but there were too many to take in at once. There was a painting that stood out to him. It was clearly a portrait of Castiel, smiling as Dandy licked his cheek. It was sort of beautiful, the way Castiel was captured. It was made with love.
“You must be the current spouse,” Meg said to Dean. “Look, sweetums, what happened between me and Castiel is ancient history. It was barely history.”
“It’s nice meeting you, Dean,” Sue said. “We’re all excited to have Castiel again here. As a local author, he makes us so proud.”
“We were happy to rescue her from boredom,” Dean said.
“We are. So close that he can be a pain in the ass most of the time, but I love him. Sammy’s the one that keeps me sane.”
Castiel laughed softly. “Want some?” Castiel took another mouthful. A bit of chocolate got smeared on the corner of his mouth and it looked absolutely endearing.
Dean tried to move, but his limbs were frozen. There were no binds keeping him still, but an invisible force constraining every part of his body. Dean cried out in frustration, his heart racing in his chest with every step the angel took closer to Castiel.
Sam handed Dean the guitar. “Show me what you’ve got. I’ll help you learn the song.”
“I’m sorry to interrupt again,” Charlie said, pulling up a chair to sit in front of them.
Anna entered the house, leaving her suitcase by the door and handing Dean her coat. “It smells delicious. Is Castiel cooking?”
Dean groaned. Stupid third date. “No.” Dean rolled over, lying on his back beside Cas. They both tried to catch their breaths.
“Sure thing, boss.” Ash grabbed two of the pies, and Dean grabbed the other two. They brought them over to a booth that was near the window.
“What?” Castiel asked.
Castiel shook his head, holding back a smile of his own. “I guess I don’t.”
“Yeah, and your boyfriend answered.” Sam had a big frown on his face. It was clear on his voice.
Once Castiel inserted the tape, Dean scanned to the right track.
“I love you, too, Novak.”
She didn’t think of her brother, or her mother.
Dean was in a fit of laughter thanks to Chandler and Joey on the TV. Castiel walked back into the room and closed the door behind him. He was carrying a duffle bag.
“We’re going to publish this.” Dean looked down at the rough sketches he’d drawn. A few were simple mockups of their three main characters. He’d already grown attached to them. The thought of others being able to see them was bizarre, in the best way possible.
With a shrug, Castiel said, “I have faith in you.”
Dean and Anna followed behind. After she paid, they carried all the parts outside, setting them down beside the Impala parked nearby.
“I take it you’re not having anymore breakdowns?”
“Oh, yeah.”
Castiel grinned. “Yeah?”
When Castiel left the kitchen, Jess threw Dean a knowing look.
Castiel kissed down Dean’s chest to his stomach, making sure that Dean knew how much Castiel loved every part of him, especially the ones he was nervous about.
“That’s truly admirable, Dean.” Castiel cleared his throat. “What happened to your dad?”
“I’ve heard something about that,” Dean mumbled.
Castiel shook his head a little before he went back to work.
“God, I miss them both so fucking much.”
“No kissing,” Castiel said.
They were in Castiel’s childhood bedroom. It was small, in comparison to the rest of the house—and his wings. Dean could not get over the size of those wings. The sight of them left him speechless. Not long after Castiel sprouted them out, Mrs. Novak sent them off to bed. She claimed she went to sleep early to wake up early in order to stay alert in case anything went wrong and the outside world somehow disturbed her peace.
Dean laughed quietly. “Sorry.”
“Hey, don’t look at me,” Ash said, raising his hands. “I didn’t do anything this time.”
It was hard at first, walking through the halls with people turning to look at him. But it wasn’t as bad as Dean had imagined. Dean wasn’t the first man to wear makeup on campus. He’d seen at least three others with full makeup that looked much better than him.
“I do it because I care.”
Dean swallowed his question.
The two of them sat on a small couch, which made it impossible to leave enough space between them. Castiel was careful not to let his knee bump into Dean’s. Meanwhile, Dean removed his leather jacket and tossed it over the arm of the couch beside him, spreading his legs.
“We heard about the elevator getting stuck,” Chuck said from across the table.
Castiel sat at the kitchen island while Dean filled two bowls full of ice cream and topped them off with whipped cream. Ever since they’d all gone bowling, Dean had been in a remarkable good mood. Castiel knew that it was only because Dean had stopped fighting with Lisa, and they had gone back to having sex on a regular basis rather than talking out their issues. It was very unhealthy, but Castiel had gotten tired of trying to get Dean to talk things out with his girlfriend.
It didn’t help the situation that Dean was already in bed, one leg sticking out of the blanket, and one arm extended, waiting for Castiel. It almost looked like an invitation. Castiel shook his head.
Dean waited for Jo to leave to brush his leg against Castiel’s under the table. “You care about me?”
“Will you show me what you’re working on when I come back?” Castiel asked, hopefully.
“Is that what you want? A family? Because you know I’m your family. Claire is your family.” Castiel sighed, hesitating. “And we...we love you. And we care about your life. You can talk to me anytime, Anna. I’ll never be too busy for you.”
Bobby rolled his eyes. “It was not that bad.”
Castiel hummed. “Sadly, I didn’t see or hear any ghosts. That would be a nice addition to our graphic novel.”
“Dr. Mills, this is Castiel Novak,” Dean said. “Cas, this is Dr. Mills.”
Sam glared. “Don’t make me throw this fork at you in front of your boyfriend.”
“Look at you, so efficient,” Dean said to Castiel.
Ellen didn’t look convinced, but she grabbed Dean’s card and seconds later slid a glass of whiskey towards him. “Where’s that brother of yours?”
“But make sure it’s whole. I kinda just wanna bite into it.”
Dean smiled. “Exactly.”
“Come sit with us, dear,” Amelia said. “Dean brought us a cheesecake he made. It’s delicious.”
Castiel laughed. “As if you really need to bribe me. You’re the smartest student in all of my classes.”
“More than anything,” Mary said.
Aaron hummed. “So I can’t sit with you and Cas during lunch because, what, you talk about secret stuff?”
“Me too,” Castiel said.
“Of course,” Castiel said. “It’s my pleasure.”
Lisa sipped her beer again. “But Dean isn’t my husband. And he isn’t Ben’s father.”
“Wait until you see my ass tattoo.”
“I’d say so.” The tips of Castiel’s ears were pink.
Dean pushed Castiel into a chair and then set down a plate with eggs, bacon, and hash browns next to a mug full of coffee in front of him. “How’d you sleep?” Dean took the chair beside his, digging into his own plate of food.
“Did you tell Mom about Cas?”
“Dean, we’re not wasting that reservation. Sam and Jess were kind enough to gift this to us.”
“I admire your strength,” Bobby said. “You should know you can count on me, too. You’ve been family for a while now. Don’t forget that.”
“Cas, you gave me my life back,” Dean continued. “You picked me up from the ground when I thought I’d given up for good. You saw me at my worst, time and time again, and instead of running away from me, you pulled me closer and made me feel safe. I don’t have to hide myself from you because you know me better than anyone. And you don’t scare easy, but I shouldn’t be surprised because you love anything horror.”
Castiel relaxed his shoulders. “It’s a personal matter.”
“What are your books called?”
Ben lifted the hand that he was using to pet the dog, fingers wide. “I’m five! Dad says I can get a dog now that we have a house. I want a big dog like this one.”
Dean widened his eyes. “Pie?”
“Hey, Dean, how’s it going?”
“What? When?”
“Cas?” Dean ran up to Castiel to check how badly he’d injured him. “Shit. I’m sorry. I was sleeping. I thought someone was breaking in.”
It wasn’t purely accidental when Castiel pressed said morning wood against Dean’s thigh and hissed in response. But Dean didn’t seem to mind, gripping Castiel’s hip tighter and kissing Castiel deeper. Castiel bucked his hips against Dean’s thigh again, and the friction made his cock harder and harder. Castiel moaned, but Dean swallowed the sound. Needing something to hold onto, Castiel grabbed Dean’s waist as he arched his back and rubbed his erection against Dean’s thigh again, and again, and again. There were too many layers between them. In the back of Castiel’s mind, he faintly remembered their promise of taking things slow. But Castiel couldn’t remember why on earth they had agreed on such a stupid thing when they could be doing this instead.
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel said, shifting to his side and leaning up on his elbow to drink.
Castiel looked down at the mess on the counter. “Not at all. What’s going on?” Castiel abandoned the vegetables and leaned on the counter, giving Sam his full attention.
Dean shrugged. “Said it was a mistake. Won’t happen again.”
Dean shook his head, moving to sit on the opposite end of the elevator. “I wouldn’t do that. I’m not that cruel.”
“Good morning, grumpy,” Castiel said, looking back at Dean with a smirk.
Castiel handed Dean the cake pops, and when Dean touched the bag, Castiel pulled him closer, touching his forehead again. “You don’t have a fever. Dean, your face is all red.”
“It’s good seeing you, too.” Dean led Castiel to the garage, where he pulled out the chairs from behind all of Bobby’s other junk. “They’re not so heavy. You can grab one, and I’ll grab the other.”
Cas let out a hollow chuckle. “No. They usually just sleep with me, and then I never hear from them again. That’s kind of what I thought would happen with you, so this is kind of mind-blowing.”
Dean sighed. “That’s the one. He has a neck tattoo, you know.”
But Dean wasn’t sure what any of it meant. Could Dean be gay, after all? What about all those girls he’d dated? Dean checked out girls as much as he checked out guys. It was all so confusing.
“Babe, I don’t know if Castiel wants us to bother him so much,” Charlie said.
“No,” Dean said quickly. “You don’t look bad at all. I look like trash compared to you.”
“We eloped, Charlie,” Dean said, helplessly. “It was all last minute, and we just got back from our flight. It’s been nonstop ever since. Only our family was there. Cas’s older brother didn’t even make it.”
“I’ll lead,” Amelia said as she walked past him to his driveway.
Dean got up to turn off the lights, and then got back in bed, lying on his back to stare up at the ceiling in the dark. It was impossible not to replay the fight with Castiel in his head over and over again, to relive the anger and disappointment in those blue eyes that had always been so kind to him. Dean’s treacherous brain switched from his fight with Castiel to the mental image of Lisa and Benjamin on his bed. The nausea returned.
“That makes a lot of sense, Dean.”
. Ben had also picked out Scooby-Doo shoes, and about ten Scooby-Doo shirts. Because when Ben loved something, he
“Why does he need weapons?” Castiel asked, tilting his chin over at Randy. The man looked short, compared to everyone else around him. His wolfish smile came off as friendly, but Castiel was suddenly suspicious of him. It was in the way his eyes traveled to the people in the place, measuring them down, almost like he was taking stock of them.
After bringing Castiel’s food to the table, Dean took Castiel’s phone and went to the backyard. It was better if he did this out of Castiel’s hearing range.
“Not exactly,” Castiel said. “It’s a murder mystery, and the main suspect is Henry’s love interest.”
Dean furrowed his eyebrows before he placed his hand on top of Castiel’s, who turned it over so his palm was up. “What are you doing?”
“Could you please pull over so I can take a piss?”
“Yes! Yes, Dean. I can’t wait to see you again. We’ve remodeled the house, and one of the guest rooms was decorated just for you. Wait till you see it. You’re going to love me, and Jess, because she picked out half of the stuff. Oh, and she says hi.” There were background noises, and then Dean heard Jess’s voice. “I didn’t say hi, I said, get your butt over here already. I wanna hug you!”
“But—”
Castiel scoffed and shook his head. “Absolutely not. As your best friend, it is my duty to make sure you don’t get stuck lip-locked to a pervert stalker. You don’t know any of these men, Dean. And men are not to be trusted.”
“Really?” Dean thought it sounded too good to be true. “You’ll kiss me?” He leaned forward, eager to meet Castiel’s lips.
Castiel cleared his throat before he answered. “Hello, Mrs. Winchester, it’s Castiel. Dean is currently driving.” Pause. “Yes, he and I are still together.” Pause. “Yes, I do treat him well.” Pause. “No, I will not leave and abandon him.” Pause. “Yes, I do care for him.”
Before Dean could take in the results of the break, he was being pushed up against the closest wall. It took him a few seconds to realize that Castiel had him pinned there by his hips, and he’d let go of the cue stick so he could hold both of Dean’s hands in his, lacing their fingers, before throwing them both above Dean’s head. Castiel's nose touched Dean’s nose, and Dean could feel Castiel’s breath because their lips were only inches apart.
“Yeah. I’m not happy there. It’s not worth it. I can’t go back to that.”
“Would you excuse me?” Rhonda asked, grabbing her purse. “I need to find the bathroom.”
“Come on,” Dean said, already walking inside.
Amelia tried to stifle her laughter. “I mean, Dean, you take that back. Castiel is very adventurous. One time we had sex standing up.”
“That sounds good.”
Dean pondered that. Before this road trip that didn’t go at all according to plan, Dean would have immediately rejected that idea. But now, he thought about it. Castiel was offering him a simple solution.
“I should have warned you,” Dean said. “This is sort of my everyday life.”
“Isn’t this what happened last time? You two got all close and cuddly, you developed feelings, fell for your straight friend, and got your heart broken. I won’t let you get your heart broken again, Dean.”
“You got a deal.” Dean extended his hand and Amelia shook it.
“Cas?”
“I thought you hated flying. You must really love them.”
“What a tease,” Jo said before leaving.
episode since that was, of course, his favorite TV show. Dean listened and asked for more details, making sure most of his attention was on Ben as he worked. Ben was a perceptive kid and he could tell when Dean wasn’t really paying attention.
(P.S. I just pinched myself. Yep, still real)
Sara turned her face away from everyone, and Castiel looked at his lap. Despite everything they’d seen so far, the truth of it all hadn’t really hit Castiel until now. It wasn’t shocking, but it was depressing.
“I made them for you,” Castiel said, motioning to the plate with the stacked French toast on the counter. “But my mom doesn’t like French toast anymore for some inexplicable reason, so I’m making pancakes, too.”
The game went well, all things considered. There was no more fighting.
Castiel shook his head. “I’ve heard of that. I’m sorry. You’re not ungrateful for thinking that. But if it helps, I didn’t know what you looked like when I read your books. I bought them on e-book first, and they don’t come with your picture. It was until I got the hardcover that I saw it. I have to tell you, though, you’re no Oscar Wilde.”
Dean shrugged. “I think I’m ready to start living again. There’s no better way to start than with a good Halloween costume.”
“It really sucks being sick, doesn’t it, baby?”
Dean was Castiel’s favorite—living—author. But it looked like Castiel was Dean’s favorite reader. Or something like that.
Dean swallowed. Beauty didn’t feel like a strong enough word for her. No, she was a fucking miracle. “I’m actually in awe of this car.”
Dean didn’t have the words to comfort Sam, though. So, he did all he could. He got up and hugged him, and they stayed like that for a while, even with the awkward angle.
“One of these days, we’ll be butt naked on this couch when you walk in, and you will be sorry,” Castiel said, warningly.
, and he thought back on the first day of their road trip. Even that first night, Dean had had Castiel by his side. Castiel had stayed with him when Dean had been mugged, and he made things a little bit better.
God, this was the worst. Castiel didn’t want to meddle in Dean’s relationship. But what was he supposed to do?
And there went Dean’s heart, thumping right out of his ribcage. His hands were sweaty. Suddenly, he wasn’t a thirty-seven-year-old man anymore. He was a teenager with a crush on a guy who really seemed to like him. “Yeah, no, I like him too.” It was the only thing Dean could think of saying that didn’t sound too incriminating.
“No,” Dean said, quickly. “I want to see you.”
“I’ll pick you up at six.”
“So, I saw you talking to my friend over there,” Dean said, looking over his shoulder. The old man looked in the same direction, and he nodded. “He’s a bit shy, but I know the way to his heart.”
Anna smiled, squinting her eyes from the sun. “You’re a good guy, Castiel. I shouldn’t have yelled at you on your birthday.”
“Oh, Emmanuel, you make me swoon.”
. “No.”
“But you’re beautiful too.”
“Just like always,” Castiel mumbled, getting in his car.
“Don’t. I was doing it, too. Just because I like this stage of our relationship doesn’t mean I don’t want more. You’re fucking irresistible.”
Castiel shrugged. “I like it when you take care of me. Sometimes I need it. But let me take care of myself too.”
For the first time, Dean was popular at work as he recounted his crazy Craigslist story to everyone at the breakroom. He even got a laugh out of Bobby when Dean mimicked the way he and Castiel fled back to his truck. Now that it was a brand new day, it was kind of funny. But, yesterday, it had been the most terrifying moment of Dean’s life, and Dean had had a pretty nightmarish life.
“He went home. We went Christmas shopping.”
Unable to resist, Dean leaned in to kiss Castiel’s cheek, but Castiel moved last minute and Dean got him on the lips. Instead of pulling away, Castiel pressed closer, kissing him back with enthusiasm. Dean liked the raspiness of Castiel’s stubble against him. Castiel’s lips were rough to the touch, but smooth when they moved against Dean’s. The juxtaposition was amazing.
On those days, Dean usually woke up in the middle of the night to the sound of a cry for help coming from Mary’s room. He’d rush in, help her sit up, and give her some pain medication—morphine these days. Then he’d stay up the rest of the night to make sure she was okay. On those days, there wasn’t any breakfast. They ate Pop-Tarts or cereal, something quick and easy.
Castiel kissed him again. “Do you want me to keep telling you about Inias?”
“Her,” Dean corrected, as they followed Amelia to the garage.
“Different?” Charlie asked, looking from Castiel to Dean, a smile growing.
Dean sighed, and then looked up at the stars. “You know what I was thinking?”
Charlie opened the door and helped Castiel to his feet. Before Castiel left, he turned to Dean and booped his nose once, smiling. And then Charlie was hauling Castiel out of the car, helping him up to his front door.
“Wait, you said enemy angels?”
“You tell me.”
“Let’s try it again,” Bobby said. “From the top.”
“I don’t think I ever told you guys,” Dean said, “but Cas and I hated each other for a long time.”
Dean laughed nervously as Gabriel manhandled him back to the couch.
Dean sighed, getting out, too, and walking beside Castiel up to the building. It was a business park filled with hundreds of offices. His therapist, Jody Mills, was on the third floor. They took the elevator. Dean’s hands were sweating by the time they made it there.
“No, I think I’m good for now. But if anything changes—”
Sam laughed, pulling Dean into a hug. “I missed you, Dean.”
Dean felt Castiel’s head fall on the crook of his arm and Dean opened his eyes to look at him.
“Hey, this is my copy of
“You better tell me,” Anna said, looking from Castiel to Dean. “I need to know if I should give Dean my protective sister speech. And also, I’d be really happy to know if my brother and my best friend are together.”
“Dean, you got something on your face,” Castiel said, reaching with a napkin in hand to wipe it away.
Dean smiled before he nearly tackled Sam to the ground with his hug. “Be good, Sammy.”
Castiel smiled. “No. I like it.”
“Hey, hey,” Dean said, a soothing hand on Castiel’s back. “Breathe. In and out. Just like me.” And then he made a point of taking deep breaths.
“College kids throw awesome parties,” Dean said, like it was a universally known fact. “I kinda made it a habit to crash them whenever I was looking for a hookup. But things with Aaron got a little serious. The guy was nice, you know? He was good to me. We dated for a couple of years.” Dean frowned. “We ended things when he wanted to start a family with me, and I told him I wasn’t ready.”
“There’s a Gabriel in my book,” Dean said. “He’s dead.”
“And the nerve, giving Ben money after six years of neglect,” Castiel continued.
Dean smirked. “The
“I love this night,” Castiel said, the wind hitting his face.
This was just another summer day, but Dean knew he would never forget it.
This trip had nothing to do with their possible—hopefully—upcoming romantic relationship. This was about them doing one big, crazy thing before starting college.
Dean beamed. Sam was the best brother and best man he could ever ask for. “Thanks, Sammy.”
“But I wanted to do it.” Dean looked up at him, smiling softly. “I’m gonna be an uncle, after all.”
Dean held onto her hand. Cold. Soft.
“How do you mean?” She tilted her head.
Dean should be mad. He should. But he wasn’t. Because Sam had been there for him all these years, through every amazing and terrible moment of his life. And Sam had just stood up for him, although it wasn’t necessary. But still. Dean took Sam in his arms and hugged him tight.
Dean gaped at him. Was Cas a mind reader? “Actually, yeah that’s pretty much what I had planned. Led Zeppelin IV is kind of my let’s-go-back-to-my-place album, and right around when
“Where is she now?”
Dean snorted. “See? Nobody likes that job.”
For a few minutes, nothing happened. Dean and Castiel looked out the window for any signs of gray wings flapping in the distance, but there was nothing. The blue sky looked as empty and ordinary as any other day. Part of Dean was relieved, though he knew no results were no better than good results.
Dean met Castiel’s gaze. “Hey. I’m okay. Just thinking about Ben.”
“Can we go swimming tomorrow?” Ben asked. “I wish Uncle Cas was here to swim with me. He was a lot of fun.”
“Dad, I learned how to swim!” Ben said, running up to Dean’s already open arms.
“Dean,” Castiel said, his voice urgent and full of need.
They’d recently been on a bad movie kick. Since it was one of their shared interests, their bad movie marathons had become their new tradition. Dean and Castiel just couldn’t get enough of the low budget, poorly scripted movies that never failed to crack them up so hard tears came out of their eyes.
Dean pulled Castiel down by the neck, and he kissed down his neck before he found the spot that made Castiel gasp and then nipped it, though gentler than Castiel had done to him. And then, he sucked on the skin there, earning himself a moan from Castiel that sent a shiver down Dean’s spine. As Dean continued sucking on Castiel’s neck, giving him a hickey like they were in high school, Castiel just buried his face in Dean’s neck, emitting soft sighs of pleasure.
Dean sat up in bed and scratched his beard. He’d grown a short beard lately. It gave him an interesting look. Made him appear more rugged.
It was Monday on finals week, and Dean had been restless in bed, so he decided to just get up and start his day. The kitchen clock read 6:43 a.m., so he made some coffee. Maybe it was the coffee smell—okay, it was definitely the coffee smell—that lured Mary and Sam into the kitchen a few minutes later. Sam yawned and rubbed his eyes, heading directly for a mug to fill up with coffee.
Professor Novak went around the room, offering the open bag to every student for them to pick their favorite chocolate. He stayed and chatted a bit with some of them, a friendly smile on his face. When he made it to Dean, he let out a long sigh before he offered the bag to him. “I’m not sure how I feel about giving chocolates to a Kerouac fan.”
Lucifer grinned. “You heard me right the first time. I happen to know that my dear brother has a contest in which the winner gets the prize of an angelic grace, so that would be your first step in the ordeal. Archangels are the only ones powerful enough to create angels out of ordinary humans.”
“I remember reading on your questionnaire that you’d recently lost your son,” Jody said, and Dean shouldn’t have been surprised that she’d gotten right into the meaty stuff so soon.
“I’ll have a black tea, if you have any,” Castiel said.
“Cool. I’m new here. Name’s Aaron.” Aaron took a bite of his sandwich. “How do you like working here?”
“Judging by the hickeys on his neck, I’d say things went
“I thought the kiss was supposed to be kind of simple,” Dean said.
Dean’s eyes went wide. “Fuck. I forgot about that. With everything that’s been going on in my head, I completely forgot to pick something up. I can’t believe I forgot.”
“No, don’t go,” Dean said, tightening his hold on him.
“Ah, that’s quite a change from Kansas, isn’t it?”
“Oh, yeah,” Dean said. “I can’t wait.”
Castiel frowned. “I’m sorry about your car, Dean.”
Castiel sighed, rubbing his eyes, which were puffy from all the crying. Groaning, he stood up from the bed and went into the kitchen. Dean followed him and he took out the leftovers, putting them in the microwave to reheat them. Meanwhile, Castiel leaned back against the kitchen counter, bursting into tears yet again.
“Oh, no, I can’t do that.” Charlie widened her eyes, stepping into the elevator. “If I talk Harry Potter, she’ll know my obsession is hardcore, and it’ll scare her away. I need something safer. But I just can’t figure out what other interests she has. She doesn’t talk much. She just sits there and does her job. Can you believe that? Who does that?”
“Breakfast,” Dean said. “Eat up. It’s getting cold.”
wouldn’t be honest - he wasn’t feeling particularly apologetic.
“About…” Dean was frowning at Castiel, and then his eyebrows went up, and his mouth formed an ‘o’. He turned back to her. “Wait,” he said. “You… know?”
“Two to me. I got yours, you missed mine.”
“Yes, of course,” Castiel said after too long a pause, stepping back to make space for her to come through. She walked into the room, and stopped a few steps in, looking around her.
It didn’t make sense. He was scared and he’d met Dean so little time ago and he couldn’t imagine that anything starting between them could possibly go anywhere – it wasn’t as though he planned to live in the forest forever, it wasn’t as though they could start anything long-term – but even though it didn’t make sense, Castiel wanted Dean’s lips. Complicatedly, emotionally, he wanted them.
was Cas?
He paused, letting the flavours mix in his mouth with his eyes narrowed. He had a fleck of chocolate milkshake just below his lower lip. Dean thought it might be enough to instantly unhinge him. He had to look away.
“Hey,” Dean said, “is everything…”
Dean opened his mouth to defend himself, and then realised every defence he could make was something that he couldn’t say in front of Castiel, and closed his mouth again.
“How do you know so much about –” Castiel began, but Dean cut him off.
“I just… I feel responsible,” Cas said seriously, and Dean shifted at the frankness in his voice. “I invited you to the auditions and didn’t give you any kind of warning about what might follow. I didn’t mean for this to result in you being chased around.”
“Yeah,” he said, with feeling. He tried to put it all into that word, into his face. Maybe then he wouldn’t have to actually say anything.
“The revenant?” he said.
Unbidden, two more tears dripped down his cheeks. Dean struggled to make his mouth a shape that could speak normally, struggled to hold his voice steady. He gave a curt nod that Sam couldn’t see.
“Sure do. Just a ragtag bunch we call family, anyway.”
“Sorry for just bursting in here and freaking you out,” Jody said, patting Dean’s knee. “Hey, hey - keep breathing slow.”
“I just wanted to thank you,” Castiel said. “For the class.”
“Oh… yeah, sure. Who?”
“It’s such a beautiful hut,” Dean said seriously. “Look at this timber. I almost missed this.”
“Damn. Shelve that plan, then.” Dean put down his burger. “Look, maybe I’m being naive, but hey… they’ll lose interest in me after the concert, right? And before then, well, I can deal. It’s okay. I knew I was gonna be in a Castiel video and I signed off on it.”
“It’ll be okay,” Claire said.
“I told you. I think I need a new look,” Dean said. He locked the Impala, and together they headed into the mall. Crappy pop music was blasting, and teens were running from store to store, laughing, while stressed-looking parents pushed strollers with crying toddlers inside. Dean groaned internally at the tackiness and noise, but headed towards the nearest place that looked as though it sold clothes. You got what you paid for when you decided to come to the mall on a Saturday afternoon.
He looked around.
“Nothing,” Cassie said, “that’s literally the problem. The FBI don’t hire people who look like you, do they? This is real life, not HBO.”
,” Castiel said, with a touch of asperity.
“She wasn’t real,” Castiel said. “I made her up. I did it spontaneously to get you to stop setting me up on dates with women from your work, and then it was just… I didn’t know how to stop lying. So I just kept doing it.”
And inside his mind, he scowled furiously.
wanted to join the club and take part in the school play, because it had been a Western, and he’d wanted to wear a serape.
“Exactly. Dean, this guy’s a pro.”
“I’m sorry I thought this wasn’t who you are,” Castiel said. “I’m sorry I just assumed… I just assumed everything. I’m sorry. I’m glad I get to see you. The real you.”
“I need to make a call,” Castiel said. “To my brother. And I need the number of the Maine Forestry Service. And I need… I don’t know. I’ll figure it out. You need to go back to the logging site. Buy me as much time as you can. Get as close as you can. Anything you can do. Cause as much of a scene as you need to get them to stop for as long as possible. I’ll be there.” He turned away and headed into his living room, and then ducked his head back out the door. “Also, yes. I do have something.”
“You know I’d never stop you two from seeing each other,” Mary said. “Your friendship is in no danger.”
“It’s just this way,” he said. His own apartments were lit in soft pastel blues, in contrast to the yellows and reds of the public apartments he kept for parties and functions. He led Dean down a corridor and into his own bedroom. Dean kept close behind. In his room, Castiel delved into one of the drawers in his dresser and pulled out a linen bag.
It was the kind of text that Castiel would ordinarily type out and then delete because it was too forthright, too emotional, too much for Dean – but this time, he just hit send before he could think about it. Worse than Dean being grossed out by Castiel openly having feelings was the idea of Dean not knowing that Castiel really did feel those things.
“Found you!” she said shyly. “We were wondering, is it OK to take pictures now? Your assistant was saying we could only get them at the meet and greet, at the concert, but we were thinking maybe we could take some without the mask on today -”
“How about
Putting his head on one side, Castiel watched Dean move towards him. Silent. Face pinkening with the suddenness of his effort. He was desperate, Castiel realised. Suddenly desperate not to let Castiel put himself in danger.
“It does sound pretty bad now that I hear it again.”
That kind of thing didn’t have to be said. Because obviously, him too. But what were they supposed to do about it? Buy each other flowers? Feed each other chocolates? God forbid – hold hands?
Charlie had disappeared back into her book, leaving Dean to meditate on Castiel a little longer.
“Are you from Austin?”
Dean looked at Castiel, but Castiel just shrugged before he followed Crowley. Dean followed Castiel.
“Who the hell is visiting me at this time?” Dean mumbled, accidentally dropping the remaining grapes from his bowl. “Shit.” He stepped over the grapes as he walked to the door. “I’m coming, hang on!”
Later, they went down to the hotel’s restaurant for breakfast, which was as delicious as it was expensive. Dean didn’t know how Sam could afford such a fancy hotel. Well, he
“Are you going to shove all my things in the garage, Dean?”
Castiel laughed again. “Knowing you, that wasn’t enough to satisfy your need for pie, was it?”
“So, what do you do for a living?” Castiel asked, breaking the silence between them.
Dean opened his gift, the one Castiel had brought him. It was a mixtape. An actual mixtape. Like the ones people made back in the day. Dean was speechless.
“Yeah, I decided it was for the best,” Castiel said. “Since we’ll be sharing a bed, it’s in your best interest that I don’t smell sweaty.”
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Do you want to come back to my place? I’d really like to be alone with you right now.”
Dean,
Castiel replaced his hand with his ring, and Claire giggled again. “You laugh because you always get what you want, you lovely, spoiled girl.”
Dean laughed, and he followed Amelia back inside the house. She handed him a towel and they went into separate bathrooms to change.
bisexual. Growing up I wanted nothing more than a kickass character who was also bi. So that’s what I wrote. I hope that answers your question.”
When they made it to the bowling alley, Ben rushed to pick and lane. Lisa and Amelia followed after him. Dean and Castiel exchanged a glance.
“You and Gabriel both live in Kansas?”
“Go away,” Dean said before pulling his pillow out from under him to cover up his face.
my boyfriend after all. I get to spoil you, don’t I?”
“Are you serious?” Dean asked, eyes widening. He turned to Anna, not bothering to hide his surprise. Anna was grinning at him, her hand so close to the shutter of her camera. She was dying to capture this moment, but she resisted. Dean looked at Bobby again. “Can I go check it out it?”
“Did you?” Jo looked at Dean. “Would you look at that?”
Ben finally looked up. “Is Dandy coming bowling with us?”
“We made it. We’re here. We’re going to be on the show. We’re just one step away.”
Dean narrowed his eyes. “You don’t have to go too?”
Castiel shrugged. “Nothing important. We were looking at the moon and remembering the nights we’d go out to the desert to look at the stars.”
“Yeah, but that’s me. The only man you’ve ever been with. I was starting to think I was the exception.”
Dean knew Sam was expecting a witty comeback from him, but Dean didn’t have one ready. Instead, he said, “Yeah, kinda.”
“If you don’t mind me asking, what kind of work do you do, Mrs. Winchester?” Castiel asked.
Sam smiled. “Dean, I’m really happy for you. I mean, you finally have your dream house. I know how hard you’ve worked for this. For all of this. You look really good. Happy. Stable. You even have cool neighbors.”
“Could we help her?” Castiel said. Dean turned to look him.
And outside, trees. Just trees.
He stared briefly at a picture of a dog. Then someone’s baked goods. Then someone else’s throwback picture to their time in Greece.
He was doing this for them. To try to make the place where they lived safe, make it make sense. And they weren’t grateful - no one down here even knew his name, as far as Dean knew. Only the Angel called him the Hunter, no one else. Even still, in obscurity and thankless and kind of hungry, Dean knew he had to do it.
Or maybe he wanted Dean to arrive after, so that he could be impressed by the difference Castiel had made to the house. That could work. Castiel thought he wouldn’t mind seeing Dean’s eyebrows go up, looking pleasantly surprised by what Castiel had managed to do – instead of silently incredulous about what he’d managed to do, in a very bad way, which was mostly what he’d seemed to be feeling the night before.
“Hmmm.” Dean stroked his chin, pretending to think it through, letting the tension between them ease. “Yeah, as long as we get to wear cool masks. Like Zorro.”
Castiel blinked at him, looking about as happy to see Dean as he usually did, which was - well, not very.
“It’s the cinnamon, I think,” Cas said solemnly. “Very good for the thought processes.”
“But how did you do it?” Sam asked again. “Get Jess to look that way?”
Dean moved, turning and putting his back to the wall, leaning against it beside Castiel.
She caught sight of the tower just as Dean did; walking out onto the Place du Trocadéro, a wide square with an elegant black-and-white floor, they found themselves among a bustling crowd of other tourists gathered to get their snaps and see the view. She and Dean paused, looking over towards the Eiffel Tower and the horizon beyond. The sky was already beginning to paint itself in delicate pinks and oranges, little breaths of softness after the hard and blazing blue of a cloudless day. The metal tower with its latticework made a striking silhouette.
Anna Celeste was wavering. He could see it.
“At least it’s Christmas,” Dean said. “It feels like it should be cold at Christmas.”
He stopped, and he frowned.
Castiel stared down at his phone.
“But I…”
Beyond the kitchen was the living room, which was more the worse for wear.
“But…” Castiel swallowed. “Listen… money isn’t an issue. Whatever it would take…” He could feel his cheeks starting to burn as he offered money, and money that wasn’t even his own. He knew Dean would pay without judging him, but it still felt wrong.
“I’m trying…” he says.
“You really think that’s what’s important to me?” Castiel demanded. “Really? You think I got fired from my job as a lawyer because I was just so
And Dean felt his throat stick at that, just briefly. So, that was why this guy Catullus had been so mad? Dean himself knew more than enough about people finding things out about him and seeing him as less of a man - which, in their mind, seemed to mean less of a person. If Cas had ever experienced any of that stuff too, no wonder he connected with Catullus’ anger - his face, now, was troubled, looking down at the ground. Dean fidgeted with the end of his pink feather boa.
“You’re what?” Charlie said, and her voice had gone quieter.
Now, with Castiel, he still had the chance for things to be okay. He just had to focus on the fact that Castiel wasn’t into him that way, and that it
Dean circled his thumbs over the keyboard on his screen, and then typed a reply.
“Have they started logging yet?” Castiel asked.
There was no answer.
was the Save the Date for Dean and Lisa’s wedding. Castiel went still, his hands curling into fists as he looked at it.
“... I’ll take that as a yes,” Castiel said.
There isn’t anything that Castiel can say in answer. No explanations he can give that will make sense outside his own mind. All he finds himself doing is looking at Dean – looking at him more openly than he has done in a long time, half tight-lipped and wanting the conversation to end, half hoping that Dean will finally piece it all together. He allows himself to stare, frankly and directly, pushing away the guilt and shame that push back at him and tell him to look down, step away, move back, leave. He stares like he once used to all the time, letting down the walls.
“You did?”
“I just,” Castiel says, “I just want to be able to stay.” It’s the only part of it that will come out of his mouth.
But there was a part of Castiel’s mind that couldn’t help shoving the memories from last night forward. They were blurry and skewed by the lime drinks, but Castiel could clearly see in his mind’s eye the moment when Dean had leaned over to him.
Dean took Cas’ proffered phone, bemused.
Dean himself… he knew he
“Well,” Dean said, “you kinda are.”
“Do you come here often?” asked Cas, and Dean ducked his head to hide the fact that the question had sent a quick hot wave of flushing happiness through him.
Slowly, Castiel’s eyes crept over to meet Dean’s. But Dean was staring at the floor, his jaw tight. Castiel looked past Dean to Sam, who was staring at his brother.
All of their conversation with Anna about Castiel’s music being good or bad had been cut; Dean wasn’t surprised - it was a little too near the bone for a light-hearted video like this one. Finally, it was Dean’s turn to sing.
“Oh…” The penny seemed to drop. “But – no. That wasn’t a date, those weren’t dates – it was just going to be another group night… like we always had, with Charlie and Billie and everyone?”
“I thought I noticed you reference something I said yesterday,” Castiel said, into the awkward silence. “That was why I thought you’d seen me.”
In his peripheral vision, he saw Donna reach out a hand for Jody’s arm, and squeeze it tightly, as though to comfort her. He looked up, and saw Jody’s lips were thin in the way they’d been when she’d had to tell Castiel and all the other children one year that there hadn’t been enough money for Father Christmas to come for everyone, so they were going to have to share presents.
“You’re not gonna post, are you?” Dean said.
“But won’t you get in trouble?” Why was he still arguing against doing something he wanted to do?
“You’re welcome,” Castiel said, and looked as though he were going to say something else, but then didn’t.
“I can’t believe this is happening,” Dean said. “I can’t believe…”
“Are you sure? Because I had to watch people screw him over in high school and I swear to God, Dean, if you hurt him over this… Wuxi Finger Hold. Not kidding.”
Shadows smouldered out of him. He could feel them leaking out of his fingertips, his eyes. He could feel every nerve in his body, every tiny root in the tree that they made under his skin, alive with a pain that could no longer be borne.
Castiel blinked back to the present. The attendant was looking at him, eyebrows raised.
“Was that alright?” Castiel murmured.
“Charlie?” Dean said, and tried the door handle, but it was locked. He raised his voice. “Charlie, it’s me. Let me the hell in, right now.”
The clock on his phone told him that it was noon. He’d slept a fair few hours, at least. And he was up early enough that he might be able to sleep tonight, too.
“I mean, seriously,” Dean was still saying. “How long have we been doing this, we know what the paps are like, we should’ve known not to just stand there looking like –”
“Oh,” he heard himself say. “Oh. Right.”
“Mm-mm. I’ll hold you up.”
“Dean, I – I called the realtors. There’s nothing… the company has the right to work on the land they’re logging.” Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand harder. “What they’re doing is legal.”
Everyone could see it. Except Castiel himself, who… must have thought Dean was in his league. At some point. When he’d said yes to a date.
Castiel nods mutely. Dean’s hand squeezes Castiel’s shoulder.
When Castiel blinked awake, he saw the spreading branches of trees. And beneath them, a pair of worried green eyes.
“Ah, c’mon. I know you got moves. What are you gonna give her?”
“Where are you going?” Dean demanded. On his other side, Lisa leaned around and offered Castiel a little wave and a smile, which Castiel did his best to return in kind.
“Did I really do that?” Dean said, looking dazed.
With his head on one side, he considered what he was seeing. A little border of salt, poured along the sill on the inside of his living room window.
One hand raised involuntarily to cover Dean’s mouth for a second. How had he missed these messages when they came in? Dean read back over them once again, even more carefully, and felt a second rush of hot static go through him.
“Right. Sorry.”
He cried. Quietly, alone, because he couldn’t have done it any other way. The pain was still there afterwards, but he felt better.
Dean looked at him. His expression was bright and hard and confused and hopeful, all thrown together. For a moment, they simply took each other in, in this new reality – all the possibilities it felt like they had. And then quite suddenly, the happiness in Castiel – the bursting in his chest, the painfully pleasant joy – demanded action, movement.
“I love you,” he heard Cas say.
“Uh…” Dean looked uncomfortable at being asked, but it was an eyeblink before he had his countenance back. “He’s not going to being any fun at parties, is he? Cracking a smile once in a while? Because I think we all might pass away from the shock.”
“Are you… alright?” Castiel asked cautiously, aware that he’d never asked Dean anything remotely like that. They were supposed to thoroughly dislike each other, after all. That was their reputation. Everyone knew that they didn’t get on.
“Hello,” he says. Dean takes in the hat, the t-shirt, the full gardening ensemble, with one sweeping gaze.
“Is it ready now?”
They stared at each other. Hands in hands, touching, Castiel bleeding. Dean didn’t let go.
“Remember when we went to that party in Amsterdam?” he said aloud.
“Come and get your… thing,” Castiel said. He’d had enough of talking about the Angels. It was bad enough with the Hunter when he struggled for answers, but in front of so many people, it just made his organisation look bad. He knew there had to be answers, good solid answers, to these kinds of questions; it was just that Castiel wasn’t a good enough Angel to know them, and it made the whole thing look stupid when someone took his limited understanding apart. Only one person at the party even knew that Castiel was an Angel and would expect better of him, but Castiel himself knew, and judged his own efforts to be shameful.
Dean chewed and swallowed.
He breathed out sharply, the microphone ringing - and this time, he
“What?”
“All your things are going to fit into that Porsche convertible of his?”
“Yeah,” Dean said, faintly. Dean offered her a smile that he hoped seemed sincere, but Castiel frowned in response to it.
Amelia chuckled. “Both of you are dorks.”
Fuck.
Castiel fell to his knees beside Dean, his lower lip trembling. He was fighting so hard to hold back his tears, but he eventually lost the fight. And he looked away from Dean with nothing to say.
Dean smiled, handing Castiel a cue stick. “Break up the pool balls by hitting the one white ball.”
“Uh, no,” Dean said, narrowing his eyes.
Dean wasn’t even in the mood to drink because of how nervous he felt. Stomach in knots, Dean stared at his plate. “This looks good.”
“We should probably finish the wine I ordered. It’s New Year’s Eve, after all.”
Sam laughed. “Dean told me she really loves classic cars. No wonder Dean enjoys her company so much.”
Dean lowered his head to meet his eyes. “He died in a house fire when I was four. My mom raised me and Sammy. She was incredible. She was my best friend.”
Trusted him enough not to hurt him.
“Dean, how could this happen? We parted ways ten minutes ago. Are you all right? Did she hurt you?” Castiel flashed a light from his phone on Dean’s face, and then all over his body.
“How’d they take it?”
at the bake sale this year. Dean couldn’t believe his eyes. He stared at Castiel’s display of fucking pies, and Dean nearly had an aneurism. Holy hell. Castiel really did that.
Castiel sipped his drink and leaned closer, so close that Dean got a whiff of his cologne. It made him want to bury his nose in Castiel’s neck. “We can go back to my place if you want.”
Dean left a safe distance between them. “I’m here to tell you the truth. I hope you still want to hear it, because there’s a big chance you won’t like it.”
.” Dean turned to Castiel, who gave him a soft smile.
“I never do.”
Castiel nodded. “I agree. Not sure why he’s being so pleasant all of a sudden.”
Dean threw his arms up in victory. “Awesome! Go back to your house and leave me alone. I’m going back to sleep.”
“I don’t think she’d like that, Charlie,” Castiel said.
Dean tried to think of a night when he wasn’t planning on having dinner with Castiel. He couldn’t remember setting anything up for Sunday. But going out drinking on a Sunday night just didn’t sound appealing. “I don’t know. My schedule’s pretty busy.”
“It seems that all you ever have time for is this stupid sitcom and not your own fucking show!” Bela yelled. It was loud enough to get the attention of everyone around them.
Once he reached the bottom of the stairs, Dean saw Sam sprawled on an old, dirty couch, caked in blood. Sam was unconscious, with his long brown hair sticking to his head from the sweat. There were bruises on his face as well, and one of his eyelids was purple and twice its size. Sam was shirtless, and one of his arms was wrapped up in gauze. There was gauze on the floor and what looked like an ointment to clean the wound. But nothing was as gruesome as his right leg, which was uncovered on the couch. It was impossibly bent to the side, clearly broken.
“Why are you crying, Lisa? What happened?” Dean studied her face, but she hadn’t met his gaze yet. She looked more embarrassed now than afraid. “Lisa, you said you needed to talk. So talk to me. What’s the matter?”
“Holy—” Dean said, but was cut off by the winged man’s sudden speech. The man who, by the way, was levitating—no, flying—above his merciless destruction.
“Don’t move,” someone said, a woman. She had a smooth British accent. The tip of what Dean assumed was a gun pressed against his back. “I’ll shoot if you scream.”
Cas took a second to admire Dean as well. Dean was wearing dark jeans, a Batman t-shirt, and a black leather jacket. “So do you. Half nerdy, half sexy. You’re exactly my type.”
“Ah, I see,” Castiel said. “You’re wondering if we should use the condoms. Well, if that’s the only thing holding you back, you don’t have anything to worry about. I’m clean, too. And you’re right, this conversation was long overdue.”
Dean gripped his hands onto Castiel’s hips, bucking his hips instinctively as his cock hardened and ached for friction. He was met with Castiel’s equally hard cock, which cued an imaginary chorus in Dean’s head as he continued arching his back to press their erections together.
“Yeah, I do. I kept it with me. I thought you might want it back.”
“Hey, don’t be rude. We’re a perfectly normal couple. We’re naming her Claire. Claire Amelia Novak.”
“You never bother me, Dean,” Amelia said, smiling. “Go have fun with Castiel.”
Dean threw back his head in laughter, followed again by a loud groan. “Ahh, I fucking hate you.”
“Oh.” Dean shifted, and suddenly the arm around Castiel’s shoulder was gone. He wasn’t sure why he felt so disappointed in the news. “Where will you work now? Do you have any leads for a new job?”
“Yes, and I was lucky to have met you, too.” Castiel didn’t know what he had done to deserve having two great loves in his life. But he would do everything to cherish Dean the same way he’d cherished Amelia.
“I mostly just added punctuations that you were missing, but nothing too big. I added a lot of comments whenever I felt really immersed in your writing. That’s why there’re so many smiley faces.”
“No, no, you don’t have to help me with this. It’s my mess. You just make yourself at home.”
Claire was asleep, and she looked like a living, breathing angel in her car seat. Dean had dressed her in one of the newborn outfits from the bag Castiel had brought with him; it was a white onesie with teddy bears on the feet. He’d also changed her diaper. Dean had asked Castiel if he wanted to take care of that, but it was like Castiel wasn’t really there. But Dean didn’t mind doing it, and he had a lot of experience changing diapers.
“Uh, no, sorry, Esther, but I have somewhere to be—somewhere to go.” Castiel searched his pants pockets, wishing the keys would just materialize there.
“Where have you been all day?” Dean asked.
Dean had been so distracted by his own fantasy that he hadn’t noticed that Castiel was already holding his hand until he kissed his knuckles. Dean smiled at him. The movie had already started, but Dean couldn’t take his eyes off of Castiel.
“I don’t know. I’m just asking. Are you happy at work? In life? Overall?”
“You think she’d do that?” Amelia asked, covering her mouth.
Castiel sat down beside Dean. “Ben, this is Claire. Claire, meet Ben.”
Dean ran into Charlie and Castiel bright and early at the cafeteria on set. It looked like Charlie was back to normal. She was smiling and eating what looked like a breakfast burrito. Dean wasn’t sure if mentioning the events of the previous night would be in good taste, but he was leaning towards no.
Castiel looked like he wanted to argue, but he couldn’t come up with a good enough reason. “Okay. Let’s do it.”
“Not when it’s this cold.”
You left before I could ask if you wanted to ride with me to my place.
When the door opened, Castiel looked confused, and a little surprised.
“You should bring them down to the coffee shop. Tell them their first coffee is on me.”
Castiel swallowed, eyes wide when he glanced at Dean again. It was impossible,
Castiel grimaced, leaning away. “Oh, don’t remind me. I’ve tried to edit in the car, but I can’t concentrate. I don’t get motion sickness, but it’s impossible to stay focused. I’ll get to it eventually. Just don’t tell my agent.”
“I’m sorry,” Lisa said, but she didn’t sound sorry. She was frustrated.
“Cas, I am so happy right now,” Dean said, unable to contain it. “All of this, I can’t believe I’m so lucky. How did this happen?”
Dean gave another thrust, this time making Castiel hiss. “Fuck, Cas. Just do it.”
Castiel smiled again. “Fantastic. I’ll get Dandy ready and meet you guys outside in five minutes.”
Sam nodded. “Yeah, of course. I’m glad to help out with something.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “It’s chocolate, Cas. What did you expect?”
