"Oh I'm sure you have," he started slowly walking towards them, "but I'm not just any other demon. Those won't work on me."
Cas nodded, "these books are all lore and these files are cases that the Men of Letters worked. They cataloged everything."
. It felt different coming from a complete stranger. Dean couldn't tell if it was better or worse than his father. Nah his father was definitely worse.
"Jesus Christ, Dean!" Sam got red as he pushed Dean's hands down. Eileen finds it hilarious and loved how flustered Sam is. She laughed and pointed at Sam's red face. They talk some more and then their food comes. The waiter turns out to be hard of hearing as well. He signs to Eileen after he put down the food. Eileen signed back and the waiter left.
"No, my parents died when I was a baby. I was raised by my grandma. I have cousins, but they're all really young. So what do you do for a living Dean?"
"That's great to hear, Crowley," Garth smiled then looked at Dean, "Dean, would you like to share why you decided to come back?"
"Sam cured him for being a demon, but his state of mind didn't return because of the Mark of Cain. They found a way to take the Mark off, but they never did it."
So they do. Dean eats like he's starving, which he literally is. He gets seconds and finishes both of his burgers before Cas or Charlie finish theirs.
A hand grabbed the hair on the back of his head. He felt someone's breath on his neck. They spoke right into his ear, "get out or I'll have someone drag you out."
Sam glanced back at Benny. Then he stood up and crossed his arms. "Dean, if you don't get up on your own, we'll carry you back home."
"How did he- I mean, helping me with a problem or two is one thing, but solving the extra credit problem, in what a couple minutes. That's insane. I never knew, I feel so bad, I mean I laughed at Dean when he tried to help but he's- he's a genius."
Cas noticed and stayed quiet. He knew Dean had something important he wanted to say and he wasn't going to rush him. Cas couldn't help the smile that crept on his face when he noticed that this rubber band was in fact the one Cas had given him on the day of the trial. Dean had kept it this whole time.
. He needed to go do something or he might start crying again. He wanted to get wasted. He really shouldn't get wasted. Dinking would be so nice right now. He was sober. A lotta good that was doing him at the moment. He was an alcoholic though. He went back and forth in his head. Feeling like shit the entire time.
The smile drops from Sam's face, "oh. Well, I'm retired. I guess I could help you with some lore but I don't go on hunts anymore."
Dean shook his head, "they just wanted my statement. Then I met Catherine and we talked. She's gonna be the one to press charges, but I'm gonna testify in court."
As he got closer to the house, he heard laughter. He instantly recognized Dean's laugh. He was about to smile, but then he frowned. There was another man laughing as well. It wasn't Sam's laugh, this was way too deep. If there was an emergency, why was Dean laughing?
"You know I can't Dean, if you don't want to talk about it fine. I'll give you some time, but let's get you home."
Charlie began exploring the machines to try and find out how they were getting power. Cas began skimming through the various books and files. After a couple of minutes, Charlie comes back into the main room.
Cas shuffled his feet, "well, yes. It's been a while since we talked and I wanted to make sure you were ok."
"I come from a very big family Dean. My father was rich, and he slept around. He brought all his kids together to live in one house, even though some of us couldn't stand each other. Then one day he left. He abandoned us all. We were all different ages and only half-siblings so naturally, chaos erupted."
The bouncer knew him and opened the door for him. It was still relatively early, so the place was quiet by club standards. There was still music and a couple groups of people huddled around.
Dean nodded, keeping his eyes closed. Cas loosened up on Dean's hand but before he could pull away, Dean squeezed tighter. So Cas stayed as he was. Holding Dean's hand.
Judge Micheal and the bailiff said some official things didn't make that much sense to Dean. He tuned it out and squeezed Cas's hand tighter.
"SON OF A BITCH!" John throws a punch that Dean manages to sidestep. But his father is ready this time. He grabs a hold of Dean's shoulder. Dean yelped in pain.
Dean smiled and looked away, "Yeah, how'd you-" his face went pale, "you're upset. It's not- it's not 'cause we're both guys I thought-"
He couldn't stop from shuddering as Crowley gently traced his fingers across Dean's back, shoulder to shoulder.
The woman came and stood beside the man in the doorway, "Is this place really locked down until you die?"
"Good I wish I knew," Sam whipped his face and cleared his throat, "Benny if this is too much, I mean with everything else..."
Dean read the problem. Tilted his head up like he was thinking for a moment, then turned the book back towards Sam.
"Good, they took a quiz. The worst part of teaching is grading though so not looking forward to that."
"Someone like you should be using intelligence to help the world. Instead, you're selfishly throwing your life away. You've been a mechanic, what, 20 years?" he shook his head, "throwing your life away."
"A London car, nice. Oh, would you excuse me?" He put his hand on her shoulder for a moment then walked around the group of girls. "Charlie!" he said throwing his arms out.
Finally, Sam tore his gaze away. His voice broke as he spoke, "You're really not going go to say anything Dean?"
Dean swallowed, "No, no Bobby. I was just.. working through some stuff after, you know, after the trial."
Dean sat down at one of the chairs at the kitchen table. He didn't say much as Benny cleaned the wound with a damp paper towel. Then he tapped a bandage on it.
, Castiel reminded himself. That was the company on the back of the man's jean jacket. That's who he would go complain to once he saw what ridiculous thing this man wrote on the board.
"What happened? Why so desperate?" Crowley slowly walked in a circle around him. He closed his eyes.
"Alright," Dean sat down next to Sam, "So every day Billy gets 75 cents from his mom, every 5 days his dad gives him $8, and every month his grandma gives him $25.50. How much money will Billy have after a year? Do you know where to start?"
Dean smiled and shook his head when he saw Charlie jump up at all the sound. He was about to walk over to her when a group of girls stopped him.
Dean looked down at his plate while chewing his food. When he finally swallowed he looked up at Sam, "Why?"
"Dean, that wasn't you. I don't care about any of that. I should have never stopped trying. I should-"
They walked around the building side by side. When the entrance came into view, Dean stuck his arm out in front of Cas. They stopped. There was a group of five men in front of the court. They had two signs saying 'free Carl Thompson'
Dean's eyes watered and he smiled, "Yeah. Yeah. That's him. I've- I've never seen him with a beard before ha, he's so old and- and he's all grown up."
"Look, Dean. I know it's hard ok, and it's going to keep being hard. So please just go, at least until the court case is over."
"The jury gets protection, but if witnesses get protection I'd have to throw my life away," Dean wasn't really talking to Cas, but Cas was still listening and trying to comfort Dean.
"Well I asked him what you were apologizing for, and he said you thought he was a homeless person, and you told him to get out of the building. But I know you would never treat a homeless person like that and then I asked him how you knew he could help me with math and he just shrugged. I don't know, he didn't want to talk about it."
When he was a couple of feet away, professor Haden's door opened. Out stepped an extremely frustrated Sam Winchester.
"Hello, um, I'm sorry what class of mine are you in?" Sam smiled and motioned for them to sit, "I don't recognize either of you."
Sam hung up the phone and shakily ran his hands across his face and hair. Eileen walked into the room and set a bowl of chips on the table. When she saw Sam, she sat down next to him and hugged him.
"You should've seen the look on her face, Sammy. And the guy wearing that jacket? He knew we were talking about him. When he walked by he tried to look cool and hot by-"
Cas wasted no time. He lunged at the demon who blocked his arm. He pushed Cas back just as Charlie dove in. She had her knife almost against the demon's throat. He was pushing back against her though. They were at that standstill for a moment. Then Cas stabbed the demon in the back with the angel blade. The demon yelled and let go of Charlie. She and Cas stepped back and watched in confusion. The demon didn't glow and die like the others. He grunted and reached around to his back. He grabbed the blade and pulled it out. He stretched his shoulders as his body healed.
Also ik that the beginning of this chapter was physically a little hard to read (and a false word count promise) but I'm not going to edit it because the format emphasizes Dean's feelings and thought process
Dean's eyes widen as he realized, he did in fact say that. "Shit, sorry Cas, I didn't mean to ruin our friendship." fuck fuck fuck fuck why did he say that god he looked so pathetic right now. He bit his lip hard. What would Cas say? Probably nothing good. Yell at him because he was only helping Dean with his problems out of pity and now he would have to deal with this too. He would lose his only friend and then he'd-
He entered a coughing fit that he never really gets out of. There were rocks pressing into his arms and abs, but he doesn't care.
"Go, run!" Cas called. He headed for the door, Charlie right behind him. The demon followed slowly behind them. When he left the room, alarms started going off.
"I assume now he was waiting for you on the bench right across from the board. I was going to Professor Haden's office when I saw him writing on the board. He was wearing his mechanic clothes, so I assumed he was graffitiing. I told him to stop, he told me to fuck off and he left the building. When I looked at the board, Dean had solved it. Proof and everything."
Sam nodded, now more confused than ever. Cas entered Professor Haden's office as Sam left the building. Dean had texted Sam that someone called with car trouble and he wouldn't be able to pick him up that day. Sam didn't mind, their apartment was close to the school anyways. When he got home he dropped on the couch and turned the tv on. He needed a break from math. His phone beeped, it was a message from Dean.
He should probably eat something for lunch, but his stomach was in knots. What he really wanted was to drink. To forget.
"I had a bad dream and couldn't fall back asleep. I'm fine. Now why are you awake and- what are you wearing?"
Dean grabbed Cas's hand and pulled him on the dance floor. The DJ was playing mostly EDM. Surprisingly, Dean enjoyed it. He jumped up and down beside Cas.
"If it weren't for the flashbacks, I wouldn't believe me either. That's why I have to go to court. Put that son of a bitch in jail. I won't let what happened to me happen to Catherine."
The ride back to the school parking lot was silent. The bad kind of silent. Dean's face was stone cold expressionless.
"Of course," Dean opened his arms and the young girl rushed into them. She looked around Sam's age, definitely still in college. Dean could never imagine something like this happening to Sam. Dean felt tears come to his eyes. He's rubbing her back and she started to cry harder.
. Right. He looked down and took the rubber band off his wrist. He stretched it a few times and weaved it around, but he couldn't get into it. He just held it with two hands and started at it. After a moment he closed his eyes and put it back on his wrist.
Cas parked his car and went inside. There was no one in the small waiting room so he decided to make his way into the garage. He saw the old man, Bobby Singer, working in the open hood of a car.
Soon he was sitting in the courtroom next to Cas, unable to sit still. He wasn't going to be up right away. He knew that. But the ceremonial court stuff seemed to last forever. He used the rubber band and made it into a star. Then he just stretched the band back and forth.
When he turned onto Dean's street he frowned. He could see a motorcycle in front of Dean's car. He didn't recall either of the brothers owning one.
Dean talked about how he's always been into cars. Vintage ones especially. Cas told Dean about always wanting to help people and after getting a math degree, teaching was the most obvious option to him. This inevitably led to why Cas was fired from his last teaching position.
"We worked together and I guess we did get close. I thought we were just friends but she thought we were dating and just taking things slow."
"Yes I assume, he was there and he told me that Dean was in the junkyard. I went and tried to talk to Dean. We talked and he told me he never went to college and, I still can't believe I said this, but I told Dean I wanted him to do more math and that if he didn't, he would be wasting his head."
Dean pulled his shirt over his head then threw it aside. He took a few anxious steps towards the other man, "please I'll do anything. Anything. I need something. Please, Crowley. I need- I need something. I'll do anything."
"Yeah he could, but he wouldn't and I don't want him to." He walked past Sam but he just started walking next to him.
"O-ok," Sam could tell Dean wasn't really smiling, but he didn't know why. They went to the bathroom and brushed their teeth. Sam looked over at his brother. He was moving the toothbrush up and down, but it was like he was moving in slow motion.
Dean was breathing heavily, he was trying to look through the glove box but the tears in his eyes made it difficult to see.
"You'll be defending him right?" another said stepping in front of the two men forcing them to stop.
Dean keeps his cigarette lit for as long as he can, but it inevitably goes out. He thinks about lighting up another. He still has one in his pocket that he saved. He didn't want to lie to Sam. It was just... a contingency plan. He decides against it and goes inside.
The man looked between Dean and a still furiously glaring Cas and nodded, "sure, ok." The man walked away and Dean rubbed his face with his hands. He turned back to Cas with his eyes glued to the ground. Cas opened his mouth to say something.
"I'm fine now. Just bad dreams," he couldn't stop the smile on his face when he thought about Cas, "I really am good though."
Although it was a phone call, Dean could feel Sam's smile, "yeah, there's someone I want you to meet."
"You're not the only one to like classic rock Dean. Although I do prefer Def Leopard over Led Zeppelin." Cas pulls the car out.
ALSO, thanks to literally all of you, especially those who leave comments, I'm honestly writing this story because of you. And for those few that have commented multiple times, I see you and I literally scream from joy to see your comment. So thanks for reading! I hope you enjoy going more in-depth in this AU!
When things calmed down, Dean slapped Sam's back, "you got yourself a good one Sammy, don't go screwing it up."
Gina stood up and walked over to the stand. "So Dean," she began, "tell me where you were that night."
"Don't worry, you can do it. So let's break it down. First, we know that there are 365 days in a year, and every day he gets 75 cents from his mom. So write down 365 times .75. Then he gets $8 every five days. Now we have to see how many 5 day segments are in a year. Any guess on how to do that?"
"Oh not on purpose, no. You see the only way for you to get out of here is to stop the lockdown. The only way to stop the lockdown is to A. get me back in that dungeon, which is never going to happen, or B. kill me. So if you don't want to starve to death I suggest you get going."
The cuffs dissolved into molten metal and the shaking stopped. The man smiled and pulled his arms out of the ropes, one arm at a time.
"Hold on brother, we gotta clean that cut on your back and you got scrapes on your stomach and hands," Benny gestured at Dean.
"There's not many people that I trust enough to talk to about my problems, like at all. So when I started opening up to you... I just felt such a strong connection and I'm not very good with feelings and I wanted to make sure I liked you as a person and not just someone I could dump my shit on and I was having fun but when I said that," he scoffed, "it brought up questions that I couldn't answer yet and-"
Sam wiped tears off his face and tried to forget how empty his brother looked. How he wouldn't get off the ground. How he was so desperate to go numb he was willing to pimp himself off to Crowley. What the hell happened? Dean and Cas were supposed to get together. How could-
"Well I thought I could handle it and I, well I did handle it. I called Cas, didn't I? I didn't end up doing anything I regretted!"
"I've tried but he won't talk to me. Last time he went to you for help. So do you think you could, maybe, talk to him?"
. Would a hero let himself be pushed against the wall? Would a hero let himself be touched like that? Again?
He felt calm again, but he was wide awake. He looked at the clock. 6:30 AM. God he barely slept. But he wasn't going back to bed. He was biting his nail. He couldn't just sit around for another three hours. He needed to move. There wasn't anything to do. That didn't matter. He threw on some jeans and his leather jacket and just started walking.
"Listen," Benny put his hands up, "I know you want to straighten everything out, but Dean ain't ready to listen. He barely let us treat his wound before he collapsed into his bed."
He almost didn't recognize Profesor Novak. He was young enough that Sam assumed he was a student. The way he was stumbling around, he was definitely drunk. He felt required to help him. He wouldn't exactly call him and Profesor Novak friends, but he and Dean definitely were. Also, he was super drunk and it wasn't even late. Something had definitely happened. Something Dean didn't tell him about. Dean seemed happy this morning. Like really happy. He would've sworn that he'd just gotten together with someone. He thought it was with Castiel specifically. But Castiel was devastated to the point of breaking his sobriety. Something wasn't right.
"Well, a friend of mine saw him drinking in the bathroom. He said he could smell it from far away. That's how strong the alc was."
Dean was driving to work in his baby. He was tired and in a groggy mood. He stopped at a stoplight and glanced to his right. Sitting on the bus stop bench was Crowley. He had a nasty cut on his cheek and a black eye to go with it. Dean smiled at Crowley's bruised face. He didn't know why, but he had a strange suspicion that Ao3 user Winter_Wolf101 was the one that punched him. Crowley was downright miserable. Dean turned on the radio. It was one of Dean's favorite Dennis DeYoung songs. He turned the volume up and started singing along. He was happy for the rest of his drive and even happier when Bobby let him play his music at work.
"Quit it Sam, it was his idea. This place, it was- how do I describe it- it was a sober bar. No bar, really. Like there was no alcohol at all."
Dean's gaze shoots up at the hunters. His voice was shaking, "was that real? Did that really happen?"
Cas rolled his eyes but began searching the room with Charlie. Dean was gone for a while, but the alarm stayed on. They look through drawers and boxes, finding nothing. Until a curious Charlie started checking out the books.
"Oh?" the demon looked down. He put his hand on his heart and looked at Charlie with mocked thankfulness, "thanks for reminding me."
"Bad, I mean, he said he'd consider doing something for extra credit, but didn't tell me what it was or when I could do it. So not looking too good."
Dean pursed his lips, "well Professor Haden can't help you, and staring at the problem for another 10 minutes won't magically make you understand so why not let me take a crack at it?"
"I was with Lisa and we sitting on the bench outside school. She's telling me about how she needs this new leather jacket that just hit the store. Then a guy wearing that exact jacket walks right in front of us."
The next few days Dean tries to do better. To feel better. He shows up for work, even finishes fixing up a vintage car ahead of schedule. But it takes so much energy to do things. Much more energy than they should. Cas said it would be better in time. How much time? No really how much time? He'd kinda left Cas on a bad note, but Dean didn't like the way the conversation was going. He wasn't ready for that yet. Cas hasn't reached out to him yet either so he might be upset at him. Dean should apologize. He needed to apologize. He texts Cas.
"I believe you Professor, and I agree. I mean Dean's never really been into academics. When we in high school," Sam sighed, "I mean I told you how our dad sucked."
"Yes, your brother's mind is quite unique. I was curious, and I felt bad for judging him so harshly. So I went to Singer's auto the next day. He wasn't there but an old man-"
"Y-yes." Dean didn't know the exact emotion behind his Dad's gaze, but it was scarily similar to greed. John fought the urge to smile.
"Well uh," Dean sighed, "I invited him over because I wanted to apologize to him, you know, in person. Then he took me to this club and we-"
This wasn't his Dean. It couldn't be. When Sam had looked into Dean's eyes, he saw a stranger looking back at him.
"I had just arrived and when I asked for my favorite drink, Makers Mark, the bartender told me they were all out. So I left to go to a different bar."
Cas does what Charlie says and they wait. Charlie closes the warded box and faces away from the door.
Cas sighed and put his phone down. It was hard not to be disappointed, but it really did sound like an emergency. He went about his day, grading quizzes, and receiving no news from Dean.
He thought yelling at Dean would make him feel better, but he still felt like shit. It probably wasn't emotional. Just physical. Just because of the hangover.
. Not he most certainly did not. Not when he cheats in less than 24 hours after they agreed to date.
"Well,"  he jammed his finger against Sam's chest a couple of times, "maybe you should ask him. Goodbye Sam."
"Um I- it was-" Sam took a settling breath, "I brought I'm outside to talk about Cas. I saw him earlier stumbling around drunk out of his mind. He's an alcoholic. He was sober for like five months so something terrible must've happened. Dean left to check on him right away."
"No, I don't think so. Why would you come here then? No, you're desperate because I bet that my brother disabled the override switch when he left. He couldn't risk me using it to escape. You're not even men of letters. You have no idea how this place works. You're trapped and helpless and now you've come crawling to a demon for help."
"Good. I'm glad you understand." He down the rest of his coffee then left. No doubt to go make up for the hour of sobriety he just had.
"Let me repay the favor, Dean. Tell me what's wrong, and don't say nothing because your hands are shaking even as you smoke."
"Is taking classes hard? Sorry, I don't mean to be offensive but this school isn't for the hard of hearing so like how does class work?"
He fell to his knees. Once again he found himself crying over Dean Winchester. This time there was no doubt about it. It wasn't just his self-hatred. He had lost one of the best things that had ever happened to him. All because he thought it was too good to be true. So he made up something to make Dean the bad guy.
It took him a minute to realize that the slamming wasn't all in his head, someone was knocking on his door. He shuffled over and opened it. As soon as he saw those green eyes he slammed the door.
He hit snooze again. He couldn't believe Dean liked him back. He and Dean were so different. Dean was a strong, hands-on, confident kind of guy, and Castiel was, well himself. Shy, nerdy, really into bees. Well, Dean didn't know about his obsession yet. He wouldn't leave Cas just because of that. Cas has put up with Dean's car obsession so he better not. The more he thinks about it, he and Dean are alike. Sure on the outside Dean's all protect Sam, joke, cars, but on the inside, the side he barely lets anyone see, the side he let Cas see, he's kind, gentle, and loving. He only hopes Dean would care for him as much as he cares for Sam. More importantly, let Cas care for him as much as Dean cares for Sam. BEEP BEEP BEEP
Even Sam was surprised. Dean threw his head back in laughter. It was a great to laugh after everything that's happened this week.
He'd want him to talk about it. Talking about it is why he feels like shit. He was going to have to tell Sam, he'd find out either way. Thinking about telling Sam everything made it worse, he picked up the pace. That poor girl.
Big announcement everyone! I know I said I was going to focus on school and not write that much this week, well I lied. I actually wrote a lot and I am a few chapters ahead. From now on I will update on a schedule. I will try to do two a week, Mondays and Fridays. However, I do not want writing to turn into a chore/become stressful so I may not stick to this (or I could just forget to upload too lol)
Dean was getting hurt. Dad was hurting Dean. Dad was drunk. He couldn't control himself. Dean wanted Sam to hide so Dad couldn't hurt him too.
"I left it in that room," Dean scratched the back of his neck, "I don't want to look at it anymore."
Dean's eye widened, "wait no- I didn't mean. I mean we're here together, but we're not together. I just- sorry. Not interested."
Along the way, a couple of people nudged him with their feet or tapped him on the shoulder. He didn't react to them. They saw he was alive so they soon moved on. One persistent set of hands started pushing him. He got rolled over to his back. He didn't mind. Well, the rocks started digging into his back. He felt a sharp pain in his shoulder, but that didn't matter. He didn't even care enough to open his eyes. He felt his shoulder hit something hard. He was against the wall of the club. The hands left and he was alone again.
Hospital? He needed to go to the hospital? He tried to move, show this guy he was fine. His muscles were not cooperating.
The first person to comment how many times I wrote spaghetti and meatballs will get written into the next chapter. (I didn't actually say it that much, but while I was writing it, it felt like a lot lol)
Benny continued, "an' Dean was willing to fuck him for drugs! But he was thrown out. And you know what Dean did next?! Nothing. That's right. He laid down on the ground, bleeding, for hours because he had no will left in him. Someone- not Dean- finally called Sam. We went to pick him up and he still wouldn't move. We had to carry him to the fucking car!"
"I need-" Dean was starting to hyperventilate, "I need, Cas." Dean reached his hand over towards Cas while the other garbed aimlessly at his chest.
When they get to the car, Charlie drives instead of Cas. Dean announces he's going to get some shut-eye in the back seat and they set off. Cas looks up Sam of the university website. It says he has open office hours from 7-9 pm. Which is perfect because they should get there around 8:45.
Dean took a few deep breaths with their help. Then spoke again, "the things I said, the things I did to my brother..."
"Well, you know, it's just shapes. And you can put them together and take them apart, just like cars."
"Whore," he added then slammed the door. He didn't bother to see Dean's reaction. He went right back to his bed. He curled up and tried to sleep but found himself more awake than before. The rage probably helped the alcohol wade off quicker.
"Here," Dean took the lighter from his back pocket and handed it to Sam. He was fully intending to keep it in case he needed to smoke some more, but he could see his brother like this.
Dean's only five minutes late, but he knows Sam's going to complain. The hostess lets him in and gestures to the left. Dean follows his hand and sees Sam. He's sitting next to a girl. He walked over with a smile on his face.
"I was..." he closed his eyes, "I was at Crowley's. I think something was laced. Then I- the bathroom... the floor, I-I don't, I don't-"
There are no triggering topics in this chapter. I will add tags and put trigger warnings when triggering topics come up.
"Yeah, what'd you think happened? He slept with someone? What the- I thought you two were together?"
Sam pocketed the cigarette box and sat down next to Dean. Something had happened to him to make him act this way, but he knew his brother wouldn't talk about it. Sam needed to get Dean to think about something else, at least until he finished smoking, then they would have to talk about it.
"Sammy, you don't have to apologize," Dean smiled at his brother, "I'm the one that needs to apologize. The things I said, the things I did."
Somehow he made it back home. He collapsed onto his couch and let his tears really flow. His tears were messy and his nose started running. His couch was getting messy. He didn't care. He just tried. He forced himself to breathe. His face felt super hot. It was probably from running but the tears didn't help.
"They called to tell me that although they never saw you roughhousing in school, you're probably getting into a lot of fights outside of school. I told them you had beef with some private school kid that lives up the street. That you two fight a lot. Just normal conflicts people your age have."
"Actually I want to apologize. When I saw you writing on the whiteboard I assumed the worst and that was wrong of me. I'm sorry."
A little tease about the boys' past, Dean's trauma, John's dickness. I'm not sure when a scene will come up about their past. Comment if you want more of Dean's trauma or if you want more Deancas. I'm making this story up as I go so I will definitely take reader's input. Thanks for reading! Comments make me smile for the whole day!
The door opened and the closet filled with light. The left side of Dean's face was red along with his eyes.
"You want us to believe that you, someone who had to be checked in to an inpatient rehab center. Went to a bar alone, and then left without drinking or smoking anything?"
"But I've never told you that Dean actually took custody of me. He got a job and was working throughout high school. Dean wanted to drop out so he could get a full-time job sooner, but our social worker, Ellen, said the courts would be more in our favor if Dean graduated. So he stayed. He went to school then right to work, so he never had time for homework."
Cas could tell this one hurt. Dean took a step back. A twisted sense of satisfaction encouraged Cas to keep going.
"So far," Benny was looking off into the distance, "that's another reason I wanted to come here. Need someone who understands. I hope that it's not too much pressure."
Cas pulled up to a big stack of crushed cars. There were many more like it all around. From what he could see on the outside, there was a pocket of space in the middle, almost like a circle.  That's where Dean must be.
Benny was silent for most of Cas's ramble, but his anger was too much by the end. His muscles unfroze and he moved without thinking. He took one big step forward, pulled his arm back, and then slammed his fist across Cas's face.
Sam looked up and greeted him, "Hi Dean. So uh, this is my girlfriend, Eileen Leahy. Eileen this is Dean."
As soon as Sam left Cas took out his phone. He stared at the blinking blue line not sure what to say. He's interrupted as an alarm starts going off on his phone. 🚨 class 🚨 shows up on the screen. That's right, Cas has a class to teach in 20 minutes. If he got Dean to open up, then he'd have to leave him out to dry while he taught. He could never do that to Dean and he can't cancel his class. It hits him. He'd smiled to himself as he texts Dean.
Dean cuts him off with another kiss. His hands find their way to the back of Cas's neck. He feels Cas's hands move up and down his back. He eagerly pulls Cas closer and runs his hand through Cas's hair.
"No that's exactly what you meant. You know a car is essential to everyone's lives, and I fix them, I save people's lives. What do you do, huh? Teach math to stuck up pricks who'll probably never use any of the crap you teach them."
Cas stopped walking and looked at Sam. He squinted for a moment, "I guess he hasn't talked to you since last night."
He was on campus, but he didn't know where he was. He was lost. What building was this? He turned around aimlessly in circles. Trying to get his bearings. The spinning made things worse.
Also, would you rather longer updates or more frequent updates? Because I want to publish everything I've written, but then there'll be a long stall in between updates.
Dean opened his eyes and all the members of the jury were back. The foreman of the jury remained standing.
When desert came Dean happily ate his so-called fruit as Sam and Eileen shared the milkshake. It was corny but Dean thought it was nice seeing the two of them act all cute together. When they're finished eating Dean insists on paying the bill. They go outside and Eileen and Dean hug. He gives them some space and Sam and Eileen have a quick kiss. Eileen gets in her car and Dean drives Sam home.
"Yeah, it's a nice place. Mostly for young addicts. People that want someplace to party without the pressure of drinks or drugs."
. If he was tipsy, then he wouldn't have to think about his feelings. He could just go out there and have fun with Cas. It was decided.
"Please raise your right hand. Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?" The bailiff asked.
The files talk about a demon named Crowley who apparently was the king of hell. He was the one who brought Dean, human Dean, to meet Cain. That's when Dean got the mark, but not when he turned into a demon.
No, he didn't care about being sober. Not really. Stopping his racing mind was the only thing that mattered.
"Open this door!" Benny was ready to kick it down if necessary. He didn't have to because a few seconds later he heard the lock clicking.
Dean covered his face with his hands to hide his watering eyes. His voice was small, "you really think talking about it will help?"
He recognized the voice but couldn't place it anywhere. The man gave him a quick shake but Dean refused to move.
"No?" Dean put his hands on his hips, "well that makes me sad. I suppose you don't know where the First Blade is then."
After minutes of intense pencil scribbling and calculator clicking, Sam let out a frustrated, "damn it." He put his pencil down and rubbed his face in his hands.
"But you seemed so excited before! You're going into high school now Dean, you're so smart and old."
"Yeah, well I can blast through the door, but I'm not leaving without my blade. So if you find it... we can make a deal."
Cas stood up and sat next to Dean on the couch. Dean was breathing heavy and trying to hold back his sobs.
"So when you said you were heading out early, what you meant was you went to Eileen's place and," he raised his eyebrows.
"God, I love you," he gave her a quick kiss, "thanks for understanding!" He yells as he runs out of the room. Eileen's apartment was right on the edge of campus so it was only a quick 5-minute walk to Castiel's office. He froze for a second in front of the office door, he wasn't really sure what he was going to say. Then he knocked.
"You were the one that ended the deal when you attacked-" Dean started coughing, "what the- cough- what are you doing?"
When they got out the front door Dean stopped walking. Cas came up beside him and saw what was going on. Apparently, Carl's friends were really riled because more news stations were broadcasting in front of the courthouse.
Sam had a later class that night so Dean made dinner. He decided to make what he knew was one of Sam's favorites, even if he didn't admit to it, spaghetti and meatballs.
Cas finally sits up in bed and stretches. He wanted to keep lying in bed. Basking in the half-conscious state between sleeping and think of Dean. But he couldn't. He was still a professor and he had tests to grade. He made himself a bowl of cereal and sat down on his back porch. It was nice out, though the wind made it a tad chilly. He watched the bees, already busy at work. He checks his phone but there are no messages from Dean. They were supposed to talk today.
but I had stopped feeling bad. It was a murky grey for a while, for a long time, but I stopped drinking. Slowly, things got good and it will for you too."
Dean got home at 4. He debated whether he should be prepared to make Cas dinner. Sam was spending the night at Eileen's. Dean was just planning on having whatever leftover food scraps he could find in the fridge. He could never serve that to a guest. It would be fine. It was too early for dinner anyway. Cas wouldn't stay that long, would he? Dean really only wanted to apologize. That would be quick right? I mean, it could've been a call or text, but it felt more genuine in person. After everything Cas has done for him, it's what he deserved.
Bobby patted Dean on the shoulder and ushered him off to work. Dean went into the shop and started with a couple of basic oil changes. While he was doing things with his hands, he found it easier to think. He reflected on what Cas had said. About his family. About life. About things getting better. Dean couldn't say he really believed any of it, but he liked working on cars. He shouldn't have stopped going to work. Something about cars... there's just always a fix. Even though he's been a mechanic for his entire life. He never got tired of it.
Eileen chuckled. Dean glanced quickly at her then back to Sam. "Yeah, I don't know what the beginning was but you called me a dumbass and that's not cool bro," he took a bite of his burger, "not cool."
Dean looked up, face hardened, and started walking forward. Cas was close behind him. While one man was talking to the reporter, the rest of the group noticed Dean and Cas's approach.
Hesitantly, Cas took his flask of holy water out of his pocket. He flicked some on to the man. The man closed his eyes but didn't burn at the holy water.
The next room they enter looks like all the other storage rooms. Cas is about to move on when Charlie stops him.
"Relax I'm just-" he took a deep breath, "I'm just going to ask him to explain himself. I know Dean wouldn't want anything violent."
"Yeah, everyone is pretty good at sticking to the rules. The group mentality is to keep everyone sober."
The group clapped and offered congratulations. Cas thanked them all then look right at Dean, who was staring at him. Dean gave a little smile and Cas couldn't help but smile back.
People file into the circle of chairs set up in the middle. That's when Dean spots him. Cas has his bright blue eyes staring at Dean. After a moment Dean looked away and found an open seat next to an unfortunately familiar man named Crowley.
As he passed the house, he glanced over. He couldn't see anyone inside, but there were definitely two men laughing in there. Why had Dean lied to him? Who was this guy?
Benny pondered Cas's question for a moment before answering, "He deserves to know the truth behind your actions. You'll get to talk to him one way or another."
He downed three Advil and made his way back to his bed. He had a pounding headache that was not going away. He would go get some more to drink, except he was too tired to go anywhere. The part of his mind that was sober told him that he wouldn't be able to drive anyways. He was cranky and couldn't wait for the unconsciousness of sleep to take him over.
"Dean and I don't need some shrink. I'm fine." With that Dean pocketed the flask and left the bathroom. He shook his shoulders and looked around for Cas. He was over in a quieter corner talking to two guys. When Cas spots Dean, he waves him over.
He was in the kitchen making lunch. Talking to Sam about his day. His father was passed out on the couch.
"So nice for you to join us, you're right on time," Garth turned to face the majority of the group, "alright everyone let's sit down now."
"Well, it's a long story, I don't really want to go into detail, but I have to go to court tomorrow. I'm not in trouble I'm just," he took a shaky breath, "I'm testifying on a case."
tw: breaking sobriety, just smoking, nothing major. I will update tags and put warnings when triggering topics come up
. Dean walked faster. It's colder than he thought it would be. Probably because it was so early. He flipped his collar up and shoved his hands in his pockets. He shuddered as Alistair's face flashes in front of him again. His dad started screaming in his head. STOP BITCHIN ABOUT YOUR PROBLEMS BOY. His throat felt tight. Alistair's cheek laughter, "Dean, Dean, Dean. I told you you'd always be mine."
"Hey, Sam. Didn't realize you'd be home for dinner. No biggie though we have enough," Dean smiled at Sam.
"Hello Sam, I was surprised to see your name on the server. Is everything alright?" Cas motioned for Sam to sit in the chair on the other side of his desk.
"Well," Cas was just standing there awkwardly, "I was... curious. That was an extremely difficult problem and you solved it in only a couple of minutes. I guess I just want to know more about you, where'd you go to school?"
Why had Cas gotten his hopes up? Cas was just some math professor. Why would Dean actually like him? Cas ran faster to try and get rid of his thoughts. His breath became ridged. He couldn't tell if it was because he was crying or because he was sprinting.
He liked to run without music. Yes, most people thought he was strange, but it was calming to him. He could hear his own thoughts or the birds or other sounds of nature.
Dean shrugged, "I just been thinking about how much Al-" he sighed, "how much he's affective my life. He's not even in jail. He's gone on living his life and I'm... I'm still not over it. And that's bull shit. I just want to move on, man."
"Yes, and I love my brother and everything he did for me, but I just never. I don't know, I never thought he was smart enough or cared enough to go to college, but," Sam shook his head.
Sam got home just as the meatballs were done. Sam stopped in the entrance of the kitchen. Dean looked at his brother and saw a little smile tug at the corner of Sam's lips.
Dean chuckled, "Not to tell you that you wasted all your money, but I never went to college. I'm actually a mechanic."
The man held on to Dean but looked out from the ally. Sure enough, there were four police officers there with their guns out. Dean took the man's distraction as an opportunity. Dean's mind was frozen, but his body wasn't. He kneed the guy in the gut and shoved him to the ground. He leaned over the guy and started punching him in the face, repeatedly. In the back of his mind, he heard the officers yelling, but he kept going. He didn't fight when he felt two people pull him off. The rapist's face was bloody and he deserved it. He smiled as the man was handcuffed and put in the back of the first police car. He saw the police officer's mouth moving but he couldn't hear anything over the ringing in his ears. The police walked him over to the car and put him in the back. He wasn't handcuffed but he didn't fight. The ringing finally subsided when they pulled into the police station. They escorted him to an interrogation room where they left him alone with just one officer that was on the scene with him.
He wandered towards the middle and saw Dean underneath an old car. He's on his back on a creeper seat. There was a radio nearby that was blasting classic rock. Apparently not that loud, because Dean heard someone approach him.
"You sure you don't want to stay with Eileen?" Dean said thinking about how he was going to meet up with Cas at some point.
"Well you head in the courtroom that um yeah you heard that and after well," Dean coughed, "my dad was pissed. He'd hired a lawyer but... and he yelled. Said I wasted money said I made it up- and I-" Tears were falling down Dean's face.
Dean finally took his hands and eyes off Cas and looked at Charlie, "no his can count for both of you uh..."
He found himself walking down the road. He didn't know where he was going, but at least he was away from Cas's house. Oh God,
Sam nodded as his shoulders dropped their tension. Sam went back to his room and fell asleep. The house was quiet once again. Dean didn't fall back asleep.
He thought about confronting Dean as he made his way back to the three guys. Dean's head flies back in laughter as Jesse tells a joke. No, he wouldn't bring it up. Not in public anyway. Surprisingly, the conversation is no longer about cars. Dean is getting along great with Jesse and Ceaser. They talk for a while longer, then they all head to the dancefloor. The music is blasting but it's awesome. Jesse and Ceaser pair up and dance against each other for a couple songs, but thankfully things don't seem awkward between him and Dean. Cas can't remember the last time he'd had this much fun. He was living in the music and letting loose. Dean was too, which made Cas smile. Cas dances with his eyes closed, but when he opens them, Dean is staring at him.
He was being lifted up. He tried to help the big person carrying him but his legs fell out from under him. WALK he told his legs. His legs did not walk.
"No, he's been clean for the past few weeks, but he's been acting different right? That's why you called?"
"A rubber band. I need a rubber band. Turn around," Dean clenched his eyes close, "I need to go back."
Dean sat up and whipped his face with his hands. He took a few breaths as Sam sat down on the edge of the bed.
Sam was doing his math homework on the kitchen counter. Dean entered the room and looked at Sam expectantly.
Thanks for reading! :) Your comments make me smile until it hurts and that's what keeps me motivated to write!
"I saw 'Singer's auto' on the back of your jacket yesterday. Then today I went to the garage and Bobby told me you'd be here."
." The voice sounded far away. Where was he? He felt a hand on his back. It was rubbing small circles. He was leaning over. The hand was on his back. He was crying.
Dean slapped away the finger that was still against his chest, "I did it all for Sam. To provide for him. To give him a better life!"
"Yeah, I went there once to drop something off," he turned around and stopped to look at Sam. Sam stopped too, only a few feet away.
Cas entered the dungeon with trepidation. He knew the demon wasn't there, but he wasn't sure what to expect. There were tons of files on the table. Hopefully, some of them would explain the unkillable demon, the Mark of Cain, and the First Blade.
"I care, Dean, and I know you do too." Confusion was quickly added to Sam's anger when he noticed dry blood under Dean's nose and on his knuckles.
Dean's lips trembled. Crowley's grip on Dean's chin tightened as he bent down and whispered into Dean's ear, "come back when you have money."
"There's other ways to have fun than drinking Dean," Cas smiled wide, "I want to show you something."
"No, please, no." Dean kept muttering to himself. He couldn't breathe. Couldn't see. Couldn't fight back.
. He heard all of the AA leaders say. Well, fuck them. If he drank until he blacked out at least he wouldn't have to think about him. Dean. His Dean. Not his. Not anymore. Dean's name was the only thing on his mind last night and he loved it. Now he- he couldn't even think about that. He placed the handle on the counter.
Dean looked Cas in the eyes and saw genuine concern. He willed his body to relax, "no we just got here. Let's go dance!"
Then dinner was quiet. Sam wanted to talk to Dean about Cas right away, but he couldn't bring it up with Benny around.
"It's so damn important to me, Cas. I wanna do it to help Catherine. I won't let- Nobody should ever- We have to win this case."
They walked up to the bar and both got a sprite. Then someone tapped Cas on the shoulder. When Dean saw Cas turn, he turned around too.
"Yeah, that's actually why I called you," Dean stretched the rubber band in his hand, "I was on my way to this dealer I know. I told Sam I was going for a walk to clear my head but he saw right through it. He made me leave all my money at home. I was still gonna go. I knew he would still give me some acid if I- if I did stuff. Stuff I didn't want to do. So thank you, for stopping me from going down that road again."
The old man gave him a small smile. "He's in the junkyard a few miles away." He gave Cas the address and sent him on his way.
Ceaser and Dean start talking about different motors and Cas can't follow. He looks over Dean's shoulder and sees a familiar face. It's Ao3 user RavenWingSeraph. She waves for him to come over so he excuses himself from the group.
The class stared back at him. Some were feverishly writing this down. Others were simply sitting there, letting the information sink in. His eyes scanned the class and found a familiar face in the last row. Charlie was sleeping in the back corner, drooling on her notebook.
He didn't realize it, but he started to sing to the Van Halen song blasting on the radio. Bobby watched Dean and smiled, he hadn't sung in a long time.
"Yeah meant to text, my bad," he looked at Benny, "Benny, Dean told me what happened, I'm so sorry. I was at my girlfriend's house and then I had class..."
He doesn't care about anything. He brought his shirt up to his face and cried into it. He was vaguely aware of the people around him. Some were concerned, others laughed. Dean didn't care. They weren't talking about him. He wasn't really there. It was just his body that was laying there. He was just watching it happen.
"Well before the trial, Dean reached out to Professor Novak because he didn't want to stress me out. So..."
"No, no, Sammy," Dean put his hands out and waved them, "don't give me the answer you think I want to hear. Tell me the truth."
Dean shrugged, "I changed my mind. Now that I'm older I gotta make grown-up decisions. Like choosing work over a silly party."
He drives Dean back to his house. Cas parks the car and gets out with Dean. It seems cliche, but he walks Dean to his door.
"Um, some salmon. Dean are you alright?" Cas sat up straighter, Dean was talking slow and sounded upset.
Benny took his helmet off and double-checked google maps. Yup, this was the place. He parked the bike and set his helmet on the handlebars.
9-year-old Sam backs away from the closed door. Dean had told him to hide in the closet when he heard the car pull up.
Cas wonders what the meeting will be like. He looks back at Dean, who is passed out in the back seat.
He twisted the knob slowly, careful not to make a sound. He peered in but saw no one. He quietly scampered inside. He pressed his back against the wall and steadied his beating heart. He heard a cough from the kitchen. He peeked around the wall into the living room but saw no one. He carefully made his way through the living room and had his back against the wall that leads to the kitchen. He took one last quiet breath, then went through the doorframe knife ready. The man in their hastily stood and reached for his own knife in his back pocket. Dean pulled back then froze.
Dean laughed, "oh god, you found Sammy's research. He tried that already and it just made me immune to holy water and devil's traps."
Dean smiled at his little brother, "no Sammy, I never wanted to go to college and I don't regret taking care of you."
Sam sat down, "Yeah actually, things are getting better. I got my analytical geometry grade up, but it wasn't Professor Haden who helped me. It was Dean."
"Sammy go to your room. Now!" his voice was quiet but urgent. Their father wasn't even upstairs yet and Dean could smell the alcohol. Their father was yelling.
"Ever since... the day this happened, I knew I would have to go to court and-" Dean held his breath to stop a sob from coming out. When he continued his voice was cracked, "and I've been getting flashbacks. To when I was younger. When I had to testify in a similar case. Except I was the plaintiff. And the case was a lot worse. And throughout the hearing, I was trapped in my own head. I just kept replaying the night over and over. I had been constantly crying for weeks before because of it. But when it was finally time to get on the stand, I was emotionless. It was like I wasn't even there. The lawyers asked questions and I answered and the next thing I know the jury had their verdict." Dean put the phone down. He couldn't even hold it anymore, his hands were shaking.
Sam bit his lip, "yeah that's not good. Dean has a... let's just say complicated past with that phrase."
Dean felt a buzz in the back of his head. He was pretty sure he knew what Sam had found, but he didn't want to say it if it was wrong, "What was it?"
"It's ok, take your time," she stood up and walked over to the bubbler in the corner of the room. She grabbed a wad of paper towels and got a few wet. She brought them back to the table and offered them to Dean.
The girl looked up at him, her voice sounded weird to Dean. "It's nice to meet you Dean. I'm deaf." She sighed deaf as she spoke.
Then he heard it. He was being called to the stand. He could feel everyone's eyes piercing through him as he approached the court.
. Damn those green eyes. Dean. The photo caption said his name was Dean. He was a mechanic at Bobby Singer's auto shop. This was Sam Winchester's brother. Cas decided to go to the shop the next morning.
The smile dropped from his face, "yeah I know I shoulda called, but I wasn't really sure what I was going to do."
That phrase just kept repeating itself over and over in his head. So he stayed. He stood still. He didn't let his voice waver. Didn't let his body show how fucked up his mind felt.
Dean left and began searching through each room. He could feel the blade's presence somewhere close, but nothing exact. Hours pass and he narrows it down to one room. He searches and searches but it's not there.
Cas was doing exactly what Dean needed. Squeezing his hand made him feel more connected. Reminded him he was physically in the courtroom. This courtroom, for Catherine's case against Carl. He didn't know how much time was passing, he just kept his eyes closed and focused on his breathing. In 1 out 2 in 3 out 4 in 5 out 6 in 7 out 8 in 9 out 10 in 1 out 2 in 3 out 4 in 5
"Cas, the jury they- we lost the case," he took a deep breath in, "they didn't believe me." Dean locked eyes with Cas, "no one believed me."
But this way he would be able to talk about it, that'll make Sammy happy, right. It was too late he was already inside. He bought a pack and a new lighter. As soon as he's outside his lighting one up. It makes him feel good. He can feel the smoke in his lungs. Maybe that was a bad thing but he didn't care. He stayed in the front of the store as he finished his first one. He lights up a second and starts walking home. The police station was on the opposite side of the town, and in his panic, he started walking in the other direction. It would be a long walk home, but Dean didn't mind. Smoking kept his mind off things as he walked but his hands were still shaking. He wasn't afraid to walk alone at night, otherwise he would never be able to leave his house and he couldn't live like that. Besides he knew the streets well enough to walk himself home when he was drunk. He finished his first cigarette.
The First Blade is the only thing that can kill them. So Dean got the mark and the blade in order to kill Abadon. But the Mark isn't just a mark, it made Dean act aggressively. Then Dean died. At the hands of an Angel.
Cas hadn't been in a liquor store in so long. The cashier definitely thought he was insane. He kept walking around. He couldn't decide what to get.
"All set," Benny patted his shoulder. Dean stood and attempted to leave. Sam stuck out his arm. He was really crying now. The brothers locked eyes for a solid minute. Dean did nothing.
Something was wrong with Dean. Something was very wrong. But Sam had no idea what it was. He tried asking Dean, but was shut down instantly. It wasn't like Dean was staying out all night getting drunk. In fact, he was staying away from drugs. Dean just... wasn't doing anything.  He made meals every once in a while, but he never seemed to enjoy them. He just picked at his food. Whenever they did talk, it was always about Sam. When Sam asked Dean about his day, Dean said it was normal, just like any other day, uneventful, and then change the topic of the conversation.
Dean tried to pay attention, but everyone's story blended together. He didn't really see the point in listening to other people's struggles.
Winter_Wolf101 I know you specifically requested against it, but there's gonna be some rough misunderstandings coming up :)
