“Indeed. The police tried to look for her, but obviously they were not successful. My parents gave up hope of ever finding her, and to cope, they erased all memory of her. No pictures on the walls, no toys on the floor, nothing. I was young enough that over time I forgot about her. Mycroft has known about her all these years.” Sherlock’s lips curled into a sneer. “And he never told me.”
so that they could finally get on with the rest of their lives.
“Sorry we were out a bit longer than expected,” John said. “I hope Rosie’s been good for you.”
Desperate to work on the case, Sherlock had turned up at Scotland Yard the next day sober. Lestrade, true to his word, let Sherlock in. It was the beginning of their partnership (though Lestrade would probably hesitate before using that term; Sherlock would too) that suffered many setbacks as Sherlock struggled to get clean. In the end, it was only with Lestrade’s unwavering strength that Sherlock could really shed his junkie persona and get clean.
“I noticed the two of you around the store,” the woman continued, completely oblivious to Sherlock’s internal breakdown. “You make such a lovely pair.”
Of course, that explanation didn’t quite fit the lingering stares John fixed on him whenever Sherlock cradled Rosie to his chest, or the gentle touches John would plant on his shoulder or hand. But again, he couldn’t analyze those too closely. Not if he wanted to preserve what little fragments of his heart that had remained unbroken.
Sherlock looked at him in surprise. “No, I can’t. I have to stay here and help you.”
Lestrade was quiet for a long moment. Then he said, “It’s about bloody time you’ve realized it.”
<><><>
Bit by bit, John was learning more and more about the mystery that was Sherlock Holmes. He learned that Sherlock used to want to be a pirate, though he changed his mind when he was ten and became interested in being a detective. He learned that the students at Sherlock’s primary school had mocked him every day, and that some of the boys would beat him up. He learned that Sherlock had never fancied a girl, and that he didn’t want to.
John kept looking at his hand, tracking its movements along Rosie’s back. He never looked for more than a few seconds, but it was frequent enough that Sherlock knew it meant something.
“You’ll be good for Aunt Molly?” John was asking Rosie. She was being remarkably calm about the whole situation. In the aftermath of Mary’s death, she had spent many nights with friends while John took the time to grieve. She had never stayed with Sherlock though.
John was dizzy. He’d been so focused on keeping up with the rapid stream of words that he didn’t realize Sherlock had stopped until almost a minute had passed. The dark-haired boy stared at him defiantly, waiting for him to respond. His peculiar eyes narrowed ever so slightly the longer it took John to speak.
They’re working a case together, and if Sherlock concentrates he can almost pretend it’s like the old days. Days where they ran around London until their legs screeched with pain, where they felt like it was them against the rest of the world. Days that would end with both of them going back to Baker Street.
It was too much. It was all too much. John could feel the tight ball in his chest tensing even more, to the point of it being painful. With each word he said, he could feel himself inching closer and closer to an explosion.
John shifted Rosie in his arm and grimaced. Sherlock took a step forward, then stopped. “I think if anyone needs protection right now,” John said, trying to hide his discomfort and failing, “it’s you. She’s your sister.”
“Pure, unequivocal fact,” Sherlock replied. Much like with Faith (no, not Faith, he’d hallucinated her,
<><><>
Lestrade didn’t respond, just took a sip from his own cup. Sherlock knew him well enough to know his words were well-received.
Sherlock had said he would only be a few minutes, so when a half hour had gone by and Sherlock still hadn’t come downstairs, John started to worry. A side-effect of having one’s best friend be on the brink of death numerous times was constantly being anxious when they weren’t in sight. After ensuring Rosie was secure in her playpen, John went upstairs to the guest bedroom.
They reminded him of another memory, just as strong as the one he was currently in. His wedding, the reception. The dance floor. Sherlock just gave one last toast – one last
“And that’s the problem!” He couldn’t stop his voice from raising a bit, and he immediately looked to the baby monitor to make sure he didn’t disturb Rosie. Satisfied she was still sleeping, he returned his focus to Molly, whose eyebrows had furrowed.
E stood for Eurus. Eurus Holmes. The woman he’d been texting (been cheating with), the woman who was his therapist, the woman who shot him… was his best friend’s sister.
“Sherlock? What have I done with him?”
John’s lips twitched. “What was it you just said about repeating things?”
“Look at you,” Lestrade said, amused. “Sherlock Holmes, admitting to being sentimental. You’ve changed.”
“I can feed her,” Sherlock offered after a few minutes of silence. John shook his head, offering him a quick smile.
Hearing him actually say it out loud was like a jolt of electricity. John felt like an idiot – and a terrible friend – for not realizing it. His previous anger and determination to make Sherlock see reason had dissipated the moment he caught up with the conversation, and now he was just desperate to fit together all the puzzle pieces that made up Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock’s heart was racing.
It was all too much. Sherlock closed his eyes, his breath becoming uneven. Before he could stop himself, he took a hand from his pocket and grasped John’s. A small sense of calm immediately spread through him just from the simple contact.
The rest of their morning passed peacefully, with John reading the paper and Sherlock feeding Rosie. After breakfast, Sherlock did the dishes while John played with Rosie in the sitting room. Sherlock could hear their laughter over the sound of the running water, and it brought a smile to his face. They sounded so happy. It meant the world to him.
A cold feeling grasped Sherlock. She had a fever. She was
All except one, that is.
“Of course I bloody talked to him. I spent four hours at his flat because
“Ready?” he asked softly. John nodded, and Sherlock transferred Rosie into John’s arms. His chest got tight as he watched John close his eyes and bury his nose in Rosie’s hair.
In short, he welcomed her into the flat like she was his own.
Lestrade nodded slowly. “Okay… Okay, yeah. I can see that.”
“Has she done something?”
Sherlock had to admit the view really was beautiful.
"No no, that was – that was good.”
, John!” The suddenness of his shout startled John. He was shaking again and John didn’t like it. “I am absolutely certain he has no interest in men because he married a woman, he’s only dated women, and every time people insinuate he and I are a couple, he insists he is completely straight.”
Feebly, Sherlock places his hand over John’s. “It’s okay, John.” He manages a smile. “After all I’ve done to avoid death… maybe it’s time I accept it.”
John paused in the doorway and turned. Mycroft’s expression was as blank as ever, but there was a hint of emotion in his eyes.
“Sorry about that,” John said as he reentered the house. “This was the soonest she could pick Rosie up. Pretty perfect timing though, right?”
Sherlock glanced over into the kitchen. From his vantage point on the sitting room floor, he had a good view of John. He sat at the table, reading something on his laptop. Or at least, he was pretending to read. Sherlock knew him well enough to know he hadn’t taken in a single word.
Sherlock was certain he had gone from pink to red now. His eyes widened, both caught off guard and so,
“Hey,” said Sherlock. “That wasn’t dreadful. It was – good.”
Just another thing to add to the extensive list of reasons why Sherlock didn’t want to go home.
defended me like you did that night.”
“Whoa, hey.” John sat up straighter on the couch. “It wasn’t your fault, I’m sure. We both know how Sherlock can get when he’s on a case. We don’t call him a madman for nothing. I know you did your best.”
When the gun goes off, the
In turn, John told Sherlock more about his dad. He told him about what made him want to be a doctor. He told him about juggling school, rugby, and working to keep his family moving. He told him everything there was to know about John Watson, and with every new anecdote, John expected Sherlock to drop him and find someone far more interesting.
“Where are you going?”
Sherlock’s silence said it all.
together and you didn’t say anything!”
Sherlock’s lips quirked into a small, self-deprecating smile. “That’s still true. But so is the fact that I’m gay.”
“Why I’m afraid to be her father.” He looked up at Sherlock, and Sherlock’s chest ached at the sadness in his blue eyes. “It all goes back to him.”
John looked from Sherlock, with his face so hopeful, to Rosie, who was so inexplicably upset that John ached with the need to make things better. He sighed and stood up, hating how his body practically creaked.
John seemed startled by his question. “No. I just meant that you clearly don’t like nature, so maybe you’re not accustomed to being around it. That’s all.”
Sherlock bounced Rosie up and down lightly. She kept looking toward the stairs. “That should be simple enough. We do that all the time here.”
“But…” Lestrade said slowly. John’s heart rose. “I can tell you that if you were honest with him, and told him how you feel, you might be rewarded.”
Sherlock scoffed and closed his menu with a snap. “You sound like a therapist. And a bad one at that.”
John hadn’t meant to get this serious tonight, but like everything else about this beautiful night, it feels right. It’s something he needs to say, something Sherlock needs to hear.
Sherlock bit his lip. He knew John was right, but he was still unwilling to leave them behind, especially since he only had a few more days with them. He had wanted to soak up every minute. With the way John was looking at him, though, he didn’t really have a choice.
John couldn’t believe he had done that.
“Sherlock,” John murmured. “It’s okay.”
“Mm, fair,” John conceded, though he was smiling in a way that made Sherlock’s stomach flip, and wasn’t that just bloody stupid? “But you’re up there.”
“We should go to the park,” said Sherlock, turning back to John after ensuring Rosie was still several feet away from the stairs. “Get some fresh air, or whatever it is people get when they participate in physical activities.”
“I don’t think it’s any of your business.” His tone was snappier than he’d intended, and he realized too late that his walls had jumped right back up. He was back to deflecting and hiding. And he couldn’t stop looking toward his phone.
It was just so
“I can see that,” John replied, suddenly soft. “I know exactly why you want to run. But, Sherlock, that’s exactly why you have to
I had planned to have this up much sooner, but alas. Still, I hope you all enjoy!
Sherlock started to pull him up by his arm, then stopped. Slowly, almost achingly so, his hand slid down John’s arm to his hand, where his long fingers intertwined with John’s. John couldn’t breathe. With a slight tug, Sherlock helped John stand.
John ached to tell him the truth, to stop the pain he was experiencing, but he forced himself to stay strong. He had plans. He couldn’t ruin them, not when they were so close to completion.
There was silence on the other end as Molly processed it. John waited patiently, taking deep breaths in order to steady himself.
He sat there for a few more minutes, until he could hear Rosie calling for him downstairs. With a heavy sigh, he set the shirt down and stood. Then he picked the shirt back up and folded it. He folded the pants too and placed them by the pillow. That way, Sherlock would find them easily and could change into them right away when he got home, as he often loved to do.
But today there is a gold band on John’s finger that reminds Sherlock it’s not like those days.
Sherlock tried to banish the idea from his mind, but it had already taken hold, and once you give an idea a home, you can’t kill it. There was a chance John Watson liked him, and it made Sherlock breathless.
“John…” Sherlock wished he could reach out and touch him, but that wasn’t something he was allowed, and Rosie would still be in the way even if it was.
“You could’ve been my brother-in-law.” It could’ve been meant as a joke, and in any other situation it probably would work as one, but in this moment, it fell flat and hard in between them. Like a brick. Or a body.
John chuckled. “The Queen herself couldn’t make me go.” He looked away from his daughter and focused on Sherlock, who was surprised at how he was still standing. John’s eyes were warm and bright, and his lips were curled into the little grin that drove Sherlock absolutely mad.
“Ah, yes,” Sherlock said. “It died. A tragedy, really, but couldn’t be helped.” He forced a smile onto his face and took a few more steps into the room. It only made his awkward walk more pronounced. “I appreciate your concern, but right now I rather think I just need some sleep. So good night and –”
Sliding out of bed, he crept to the doorway and peered out. The hallway was dark, and, as far as he could tell, there were no lights on downstairs. He strained his ears for further noises. This time, he caught some shuffling.
Sherlock opened his mouth, then closed it. He couldn’t recall any time he had actually
John snorted. “No one else would tolerate
“The minute you hear from him, I want to be notified,” John said. “I’m tired of not knowing a single thing.”
“Sometimes I wonder,” John said slowly, “if even if you hadn’t… if I still would have married Mary.”
Something was wrong with John.
about this whole situation. It should be jarring, out of place for Sherlock to care for Penny so late at night, and John should be bored watching his friend walk back and forth across the sitting room. But instead, it feels perfect. Like this is what they are meant to do, for the rest of their lives. Sherlock and John and Penny. An odd, magnificent little family.
John thought.
He had thought that the surprises were over, but he was wrong. John came back into the room with a small plate in his hands. On that plate was a cupcake, and on the cupcake was a single candle.
John’s chest aches. There is something so domestic, so
“With your mouth? I give her seven years.”
“I suppose I’m looking forward to some things about being home,” Sherlock said with a practiced shrug, pulling out a pan for eggs. “My bed, for example. The prospect of a new experiment.”
Sherlock’s phone rang.
Sherlock sighed. “When I was three, she was kidnapped. We were at the beach one day, my parents were distracted, Mycroft and I were occupied, and Eurus was… gone. Vanished into thin air.”
When John spoke again, his voice was softer. “Was he your best friend?”
“You sound like a self-help book.”
“Isn’t it? I’m the reason she’s –”
John shoved him playfully. “I meant more than one sentence.”
John’s face twisted up with pain and horror. His mouth hung open, and his eyes widened. The lines on his face became more pronounced. He shook his head.
Sherlock looked over at him, his eyes sweeping over John. He had nice posture, his back straight like he’d been trained to sit properly. His sandy hair stood up in little spikes here and there, a result of him constantly messing with it. (And a bit of product, Sherlock noted) His eyes were facing forward, though Sherlock knew he was aware of Sherlock watching him.
“Give me a moment to get settled,” he said, shuffling into the kitchen. He could hear Rosie fluttering around the gifts, trying to decide which one to open first. Her quiet mutterings to herself drew a little smile from him, though his heart was still heavy. It got heavier when he opened the cabinet to see the army mug sitting next to his usual one. He reached past it and pulled out Rosie’s Elsa mug along with his own and set about making hot cocoa and coffee.
“Get yourself shot,” John gets out. He presses harder, and Sherlock grunts in pain, but John pays no mind.
“Sure.” The two men started walking again, and they made it to the next block before they realized they were still holding hands.
“I’m here,” Sherlock said, and John could’ve cried with relief. “I came as soon as I heard.”
“I’ve seen the worst people this world has to offer,” he said, his eyes burning holes into John’s head. “Sadists, psychopaths,
Standing in the doorway, he took a deep breath. Squared his shoulders. Reminded himself he was a solider.
Sherlock forced himself to laugh. “She must be amongst the few.”
Sherlock found himself nodding, his veins already thrumming with excitement. “I’ll be back in an hour.”
When they pulled apart, John pressed his forehead to Sherlock’s.
“Take off your shirt and start talking,” he ordered. His Captain Watson voice slid in a bit, and he saw Sherlock’s spine straighten before he complied. It made him grin a little.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock replied, setting his bag on the bed. “I doubt I’ll be sleeping much anyway.”
For a few minutes, the only sound in the room was their breathing and the fluttering of the pages as Sherlock flipped them. He wasn’t reading at this point, but keeping up with appearances was easier than dealing with questions.
“Yes, of course,” is all he said, not looking up from his book. “Rosamund must always come first.”
He wanted what he couldn’t have.
Sherlock smiled sadly. “Nothing can truly part us, John. Not after everything.”
“Of course,” Sherlock said. “Anytime.”
“Impossible not to,” Sherlock replied, and John’s smile widened. “I’ll be back by Rosamund’s bedtime.”
Lestrade turned up at his house later that night. John wasn’t as surprised as he should have been.
“I cannot believe you didn’t tell me about this sooner,” Sherlock said, going through the file again. “This is at least an eight, nearing a nine. We had
“Not until she’s thirteen. At least.”
“It’s about bloody time.” The monitor makes a thudding noise that, in the silent flat, sounds like a hundred pound weight hit the floor as John drops it. Crossing the room in two strides, he brings his head down and crushes his lips to Sherlock’s. His fingers knot themselves in Sherlock’s curls, and John almost cries because he’s wanted to do that for so long. Sherlock’s mouth parts in a breathy gasp, his eyes momentarily widening in surprise before they drift shut.
“Here it is,” said Sherlock. He had his violin case in his hands, having finally located it amongst the familiar clutter. “I don’t know how much it will help, but it could do some good…” He trailed off when he noticed John looked faintly overwhelmed. “John?”
<><><>
“John,” Sherlock said softly. “Please.”
“But I shouldn’t have wanted it,” John rasped. “I had a wife. And Rosie had just been born. I should’ve been here.”
“I wasn’t expecting you to get here so early,” John said, finally emerging from the building. Sherlock slowly turned his head and looked up at him. The sun made his hair shine, and he was smiling at him. Sherlock’s mouth went dry.
feels the same way.”
“Anything for you and Rosie,” Sherlock replied. John’s smile grew.
So he’ll invite John over for a cuppa. It’ll be nice, having him there.
He wasn’t sure what that meant. He had faced some of the scariest things the world had to offer – war, psychopaths, being shot, fatherhood – and the thing that frightened him the most at that moment was losing his best friend.
“You’re here now.” She snuggled close, her arms wound around his neck. “Don’t leave me ever again.”
“Yeah, looks like she’s got a bit of a fever. Doesn’t feel too bad though. Probably just a cold.”
“Why not?”
“To be continued,” John murmurs. Sherlock draws a hand up his back, and he shivers with pleasure.
It was a good thing Sherlock would be gone for an hour or so. John didn’t know what he would do when he saw him again, or what he would say. What
The crook of his left elbow twinged. Sherlock gritted his teeth and suppressed the urge to rub it.
Sherlock straightened and walked back outside. John watched him go before looking down at his daughter.
Once the dishes were finished, Sherlock joined them in the other room, and that was when their whole day was upended. He was watching John wave the stuffed dog in front of Rosie when the doorbell rang. Both men stiffened and looked at each other.
He flings the door to his bedroom open and starts downstairs. He doesn’t bother with the lights, partially due to his panic, but mostly because he knows his way around this flat blindfolded. Halfway down, he hears voices coming from the sitting room. Whoever it is, they are talking too quietly for John to make out anything.
Sherlock blinks. For once, the genius brain, the powerhouse, has slowed to a stop.
Sherlock’s lips are soft, and John can’t resist parting them with a gentle nudge from his tongue. Sherlock makes a little whimpering noise that John wants to hear on repeat for an eternity. The taste of him fills John with a heady feeling he hasn’t experienced in a very long time. He could spend the rest of his life kissing this man.
“You told me you needed to be with Rosie tonight,” said Lestrade. He turned to face John, arms crossed. John felt a bit like a little boy being chastised by his father. The thought of his father made his stomach turn, and he immediately crossed to the kitchen to put his glass in the sink. Two drinks were enough for tonight.
Sherlock automatically tensed. “He did when I was really young. We were – close, for a time. And then he grew up and turned into a prick.”
That was another thing that had been troubling him. How difficult it had become to say that, even in his head. There was no doubt that Sherlock was his closest mate, but it had started to feel insufficient.
Sherlock closed his mouth. Stared at John. “A… relationship?”
“He does, but –”
“That’s the thing,” said Mycroft. “My people have… lost track of her.”
“Tomorrow.” Sherlock hesitated, then kissed John once more. John felt a thrill rush through him, absurdly pleased that Sherlock had initiated it. That this was something they could do now and would do for the rest of their lives.
Molly made a small noise of surprise. John blinked.
When he once again did not hear a reply, he went downstairs, his feet pounding each step with a ferocity that only a terrified parent could achieve. Perhaps they were just cuddling on the couch and they’d dozed off. It was a possibility.
“I don’t know what to do,” Sherlock whispered. Lestrade shifted in his chair, his body language conveying his willingness to listen. Sherlock looked down at his tea, no longer steaming. “I’ve tried to wait for him to let me back in, I’ve followed Mary’s advice, I’ve let him blame me for whatever he wants to blame me for…” There was a lump growing in his throat, one that seemed to always be on the verge of choking him these days. “I don’t know what else to do. I went to a therapist, for God’s sake. John is a puzzle I can’t solve.”
Since he was sitting on John’s right, he was spared the smack on the arm he was sure he would have gotten otherwise. Instead all he got was a glare that was tinged with amusement.
“I don’t… don’t think I can.”
John was so calm, and his voice was soothing the tension out of Sherlock’s body. Rosie had quieted somewhat, though she still sniffed and whined whenever she coughed. Sherlock’s heart ached to see her looking so pitiful. He rubbed her back as though he could take her sickness away.
“Everything you don’t like or want to do.” John raised an eyebrow, challenging him. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock groaned. “Now that’s just not fair.” He was quiet for a moment before he spoke again. “His name was Victor. We lived close to each other.”
“Where is he?” John demanded, cutting off Mycroft before he could finish opening his mouth. “Where the hell is Sherlock?”
"No.”
“Tonight, then,” he said. Sherlock nodded and handed the file back to Lestrade, who pretended like he didn’t hear everything they had just said.
“What are you doing here?” John asked. Sherlock looked to Molly, who appeared apologetic.
“Oh, she was no problem at all,” Molly replied. “She’s napping now.”
Stepping back out into the hallway, Sherlock paused to listen for sounds of John waking up. A silent house greeted him, telling him John was still fast asleep.
“So,” John finally said, then almost seemed to wince at the abruptness. “Last night.”
The always-simmering rage inside of John threatened to rise up and overtake him, and it took every ounce of his strength to push it down. These days, he was constantly a hair’s breadth away from snapping. He was tired of feeling angry all the time, but the burning hot emotion refused to leave. It scared him every day.
“I love you,” he whispered. “No matter what, I’ll always be there for you. Always.”
Of all the things that could have gone wrong (and John considered many possibilities for that), he certainly hadn’t anticipated Mycroft Holmes calling and whisking Sherlock away to deal with their blasted long-lost sister. The whole situation gave John a headache.
He wanted John. He wanted John and the softness of his jumpers and the smell of his aftershave and the warmth of his skin and the firmness of his body and the beauty of his smile and the brightness of his eyes. He wanted all of it. He wanted the John he hadn’t seen in so long.
“Do you want me to go?” The words could’ve come out timid, but they were remarkably strong, despite the burning in his eyes. He didn’t look away from John, so he saw the way John flinched before looking at him.
It’s never happened before. Sherlock has never thought he would ever feel this passionately about another human being, yet here he is, finding himself choked up with emotion just at the sight of John’s smile.
John was quite pleased to hear Sherlock hadn’t even hesitated in returning to him, and even happier to hear him call his house home, but there was one thing he had to be certain of before he could fully relax.
“Now,” Mycroft said. “A car is outside.”
“I only meant,” Sherlock said, focusing on the squirming girl in his arms, “that when she’s this small, I worry that every little thing could harm her in some disastrous way. What if she hits her head on the coffee table while crawling and gets a head wound? What if she puts something in her mouth that chokes her?” He wiped Rosie’s nose again. “What if this cold gets worse and she becomes truly sick?”
Rosie giggled and turned her face into John’s shoulder. Sherlock was aware of Molly congratulating John on the removal of his sling, but he ignored it in favor of figuring out
“He still walked away,” he said, his feet tracing Sherlock’s path from the night before. “In the end. He was disgusted with me, I know it.”
“Make a wish,” John murmured. Sherlock didn’t even have to think about what he wanted.
, things would be on the road to recovery. He and John would have a much needed talk, and then they would focus on repairing the fragile bond between them. By the end of the day, they’d have sunken into their easy and familiar banter and the pains of the past would be temporarily put in the rearview mirror.
Molly reemerged from Rosie’s room a few minutes later. She looked at his full plate and shot him a disapproving look as she reheated it in the microwave.
John stares at him, and Sherlock forces himself to keep his eyes open because he wants John to be the last thing he sees.
Nausea swirled up in him. His left hand curled around the edge of his chair, gripping it so tightly he was surprised he didn’t break it.
“I might have wanted coffee too, you know,” Sherlock said petulantly.
“Sounds like there’s a story there.”
Almost against his will, John’s fingers tightened over Sherlock’s. He could have sworn he heard Sherlock gasp, but it was nearly drowned out by the rain.
Thanks for reading! Hope you liked it!
John laughed. Sherlock felt pleased with himself. “I’m surprised you didn’t dress up as a pirate every Halloween.”
Sherlock didn’t give him an answer, instead simply leaning forward and capturing John’s mouth once more. John made a surprised noise that quickly morphed into a sigh as he parted his lips and let Sherlock explore his mouth.
John had been berating himself for it ever since he said it. He could be good with words when he was typing them out on a keyboard, but when it came to saying them aloud, he struggled.
“It’s not really my place to say,” Lestrade admitted. “I don’t want to betray his trust.”
John tugged on his sling strap. “It’s always been something I wondered. Ever since my wedding day.”
Sherlock’s shoulders sagged. His brother might have been smarter than him, but he still knew Mycroft better than anyone. Despite everything, he believed him then. And even if he hadn’t, the memory of John in a hospital bed was too fresh to ignore. He had to protect him.
The rest of the day passed as planned. Rosie came downstairs looking a bit better, if not as happy as before. The two of them got dressed and welcomed Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Greg, and Sherlock’s parents over for Christmas dinner. Mycroft joined as well, and it was a testament of how depressed Sherlock was that he didn’t argue with his brother once. Everyone tried their best to cheer Sherlock and Rosie up, but as the night went on their attempts petered out. They left around eight, each person squeezing Sherlock’s arm and kissing Rosie’s head. Mycroft was the last to go, giving Sherlock a solemn once-over before descending the stairs and taking his leave.
The lights in the waiting room seemed far too bright. Sherlock swallowed hard. “I’ll – I’ll just get the car then,” he choked out. He didn’t even wait to see if John was following as he fled the office.
“Christ, it’s really that bad?” John looked horrified.
Sherlock felt just as helpless as John looked. “Maybe it’s something about the daytime?”
“Oh,” John says. He turns the baby monitor over in his hands. “I see.”
Greg’s response was so sure that Molly felt a renewed sense of confidence. “Then we’ll knock some sense into them. They’re perfect together, and all they have to do is see it.”
The teens in John’s group filed out, skirting Sherlock and moving off down different paths. Sherlock watched them all go, learning everything there was to know about them.
“You’re doing the right thing, brother mine,” said Mycroft. “And it’s not as though you’ll never see them again.”
“Sod him,” Sherlock replied, breathless for no reason at all. “Go on. Please.”
Lestrade’s eyes widened briefly before he composed himself. He gave a curt nod, the corner of his mouth pushing up.
“A man.”
Sherlock felt like he had far too much power in his hands. Rosie was dozing in his arms, so the room was even quieter than it had been before. It was powerful in an unexpected way.
Sherlock flopped onto his back. He was beginning to regret staying at John’s house.
“He truly is lucky to have you,” he said. John blinked and looked away. His chest felt tight.
say, but the only think that came from his mouth was a meek “Oh.”
“That’s what a godfather is for,” John said. “Mostly. You would be her guardian if I… you know.”
"It's not like we’re never going to see each other again,” Sherlock said. “I’m going to come to London was often as I can.”
It had been such an uneventful, simple night, and yet Sherlock couldn’t think of a recent moment where he had felt that content. It was almost like the nights he and John used to share at Baker Street, nights spent with takeout and crap telly. Nights where Sherlock wished he could tuck his feet underneath John’s thighs, or lay his head on his chest to hear his heartbeat….
John couldn’t stand it anymore. He yanked Sherlock forward and kissed him with all the energy he could muster. Sherlock didn’t hesitate to kiss back, his free hand finding John’s neck and curling itself around it. It was sloppy because of exhaustion and desperation, but it was wonderful. Sherlock’s lips were soft and warm, and John wanted to drown in them.
When she reached the end, she settled on the floor amongst the torn wrapping paper and gifts and stared at the door. Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows and looked to the door as well.
Rosie tugged on one of Sherlock’s unruly curls, and he absentmindedly batted her hand away. “I’ve been with you for nearly every moment of every day for three weeks. You don’t have a something.”
Sherlock looked startled. “For what?”
“You haven’t ruined anything,” John insists. He can already feel the fizzy happiness returning. “We can go slower if that would make you feel better.”
interesting.
The game continued for another minute before Rosie lost interest and darted away again. John was thankful, because his knees were beginning to demand he get up. He started to rise, but lost his balance. What’s worse, he lost his balance on his right side. The image of him landing on his hurt shoulder flashed in his mind, and he threw out his left arm in a desperate attempt to stop it from happening.
“I don’t have a sister, John.”
Sherlock starts to move his arm, and John worries he’s pushed too far once again. But then he feels Sherlock’s arm settle over his shoulders, and he thinks he could get used to nights like this. Sherlock’s voice is soft and clogged with emotion when he speaks.
“You arsehole,” John whispers. “You tell me this now? After all the years I’ve spent wondering, you choose now?”
Hidden away from John.
couldn’t look at Sherlock. They were nearly at the park, so he simply sped up a bit and hurried across the street. The green lawn stretched out before him, and he let out a small sigh of relief. The focus would be put on Rosie, and this conversation could be averted.
“Yeah,” said Lestrade. “To save John. I know.”
“I know.”
“I can see that,” John replied. He looked Sherlock over quickly, resolutely ignoring the way Rosie was playing with Sherlock’s scarf. “Did you actually buy anything?”
John took a fortifying breath and turned around. Sherlock set a small bowl of cereal down on Rosie’s tray and met his gaze. There was no judgement or anger or even fear in his eyes. There was only determination and hope.
“Then where is he?”
“After I jumped,” Sherlock said. John flinched, and Sherlock immediately took another step forward. “I’m sorry.”
The mere thought was like an arrow in his chest.
“Because I’m not an idiot,” Lestrade said. “Contrary to what you may think.” He paused. “And Mrs. Hudson told me.”
“Sherlock? Upset with you? That doesn’t seem possible.”
“She’s asleep,” said John, quietly. Sherlock blinked, then looked down. Rosie slept against him, her face peaceful and perfect.
“Da!” Rosie squealed, squirming so energetically in Sherlock’s arms that he nearly dropped her. He rose from his chair and carried her to John.
“What?”
They gave her as many bottles as they could without going overboard in order to keep her hydrated. If she started crying, Sherlock would pace with her in his arms and rub her back soothingly. He carried a pack of tissues in his pocket in case her nose ran, something John seemed to find endearing.
“If you’d told me when we first met that you would be this good with a baby,” John said instead, his eyes facing forward now, “I would’ve died from laughing so hard.”
“Sherlock,” said Lestrade. “You’ve had only John to talk to for the past week, which may be heaven for you, but can’t be good for your emotions.”
Far too quickly, John pulled away. At some point during the kiss, Sherlock’s eyes had fallen shut, and he dazedly opened them to see John watching him with a worried and hopeful gaze.
“Thank you, but I better be going,” she said. “If you ever need any more help, you know where to find me.”
John’s eyes shone, and he smiled, And Sherlock could finally say that the new emotion he had been noticing in John’s features was
Sherlock looked ahead and saw that they had indeed reached the lake. A small group of campers splashed each other in the shallows, and a few girls were tanning on the shore. The sun was high in the sky, making the lake surface glitter. It was kind of beautiful, if Sherlock was forced to admit it.
“You think you deserve to feel the pain.” Molly watched him steadily as she patted Rosie’s back. “You want to hurt.”
John shook his head, as if clearing it. “Sorry. I just still can’t believe… well, I can’t believe how accommodating you’re being.”
Feeling a bit bolder, he moved further in. He made it past the first two beds before answering. “I’m John. My friend Greg said he was worried about you.”
John patted his knee, and Sherlock managed to not flinch away. He watched as John stood up and set down a plate on Sherlock’s nightstand. It held four slices of toast and an apple. Sherlock’s stomach growled.
“I’ll pass, thanks.” John stepped aside and watched as Lestrade strode into the house. He noted the tenseness in his back, the clenching of his fist. The signs of anger were all there. With a jerk of his wrist, he downed the last of his drink and shut the door behind him.
"I took my first hit when I was thirteen,” he said, focusing on the water before him. “I’d read something online about how cocaine can make a person think more clearly, and I was in the middle of a difficult case. I wanted to prove to everyone that I could actually solve it, but I’d hit a dead end. I was desperate. So, I found a dealer willing to give me some stuff – not an easy task, let me tell you – and I injected it straight into my arm. I solved the case the next day.”
Sherlock fixed him with a slightly irritated look. “They wanted to eliminate her from our family. It was the only way they could live with themselves. They couldn’t just bring her up casually like she’d gone off to university. She was taken from us.”
It always does. So real that waking up feels like a dream. Or perhaps a nightmare. He can’t quite decide.
“What sort of plans could you have?” Lestrade challenged. “I’m sure John could survive without you for an hour or two.”
This meant, on principle, that they must live in the moment, and that was precisely what Sherlock was trying to do. For someone with a brain that worked like his did, that could be difficult at times, but he was truly trying. He told himself that if he remained present at all times and avoided getting lost in his head, he could store all these precious memories of John and Rosie away for when John was fully healed and he would have to return to Baker Street.
“Right.” Greg raised an eyebrow. “But you don’t have a problem.”
“Sure, John.”
Rosie’s baby monitor was sitting on the kitchen table, and John could hear her snuffling through it. Now would be the perfect time for her to wake up crying, demanding her father’s attention, but he had feeling this was going to be a full night of sleep for her. Traitor.
When Sherlock looked at John again, he saw that John had averted his eyes.
“And to think,” John said. “I called you a machine just an hour before.”
“Did it hurt to say that?”
The days passed. John continued to heal. Rosie continued to grow. Sherlock continued to drift between being happier than he’d been in a while and becoming overwhelmed with heartbreak.
“When I was away. After I jumped.”
“Can I ask what her thing is?” Greg tucked a couple books into his cubby and eyed John cautiously. John was proud of himself for not automatically tensing.
“I’ve got one,” John said, continuing the game they had been playing for nearly an hour now. “Best holiday memory.”
“What were your chores?” He leaned against the doorframe as Sherlock tucked the end of a sheet underneath the mattress. Seeing him do it made a contented warmth settle in his stomach. It was so domestic.
Sherlock’s lips parted ever so slightly. “John.”
“But there is,” John insisted. Sherlock stared at him blankly. John rolled his eyes. “She likes the sound of your voice, Sherlock. It soothes her.”
“Second cabinet on the left,” John said. Sherlock glanced at him before putting the beans in the proper cabinet. He returned to the bags and pulled out a loaf of bread. This time, he looked up at John, a silent question in his eyes.
“Could you please try not to look so surprised every time I suggest something? It got old the first time.”
That next morning, Sherlock accompanied John and Rosie to the doctor’s office and waited while the doctor checked over John’s shoulder one last time. There was no doubt that John would be cleared, but he still found himself hoping that maybe, just
he thinks.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, apparently recovering from his worry. “I know what you were trying to say, but you were taking too long to say it, and we’ve already been interrupted so many times.”
“I think,” Sherlock said, “you just insulted your daughter.” He maneuvered the spoon carefully and guided a particularly problematic clump of applesauce into Rosie’s mouth. It had gotten stuck on her lower lip.
His skin felt hot the way it did whenever he found himself in a terrifying situation. “He told you that?”
“I don’t see how. The only thing this place will do is make me die from boredom. Or idiocy. Both are strong possibilities.”
John reached over and grabbed a square bandage from the kit. It was a bit awkward, putting it on Sherlock with one hand, but he managed it, careful not to touch too much of his skin again. He pressed the edges lightly with his fingertips, ensuring it would stay on.
John glared at him, wishing he could throw something at the man. “You’re not helping.”
In reality, it was a tiny step to cross the threshold, but in John’s mind it held a far greater significance. They hadn’t kissed, hadn’t said anything outright, but they had reached the point of no return. Having Sherlock Holmes in his bedroom, even if it was only to sleep, was a major turning point.
John couldn’t believe it. Sherlock was actually
“What is it?” Sherlock asked through gritted teeth. John rubbed his thumb over the back of Sherlock’s hand, and he relaxed ever so slightly.
Sherlock shrugs, the movement slow and deliberate so as to not wake Penny. “You could always go back to bed.”
“Sherlock?” he asked. They were sitting in front of the telly, Rosie slowly nodding off on Sherlock’s lap. Sherlock had initially tried to avoid holding her, but John gave him a look and stuck her in his arms.
“Maybe now I just won’t say it at all.”
The right side of his dress shirt was stained with blood. Only years of seeing far more gruesome sights stopped John from reacting. He set the kit on the table and sat in the chair next to Sherlock.
“My God…” Molly whispered when he was finished. She looked horrified. “And you don’t know what he’ll be doing?”
Sherlock made dinner that night. And it was… surprisingly good.
“You too?” Lestrade asked, looking genuinely surprised. John couldn’t blame him, considering how often he’d insisted he wasn’t gay. According to Sherlock, he did it all the time.
“What happened?” It was the only sentence John could form in that moment, because he was too worried to say anything else.
He didn’t respond to John, which only made him more upset. He sat down heavily onto the coffee table, staring at Rosie, who finally appeared to be picking up on the high emotions flying through the room.
“The answer is no, isn’t it?” John said, and though he tried valiantly to hide his disappointment, Sherlock could sense it. John’s words sent a frisson of panic through him, a feeling of already having messed up before things had properly begun.
<><><>
Sherlock had always suspected this, but he never voiced it. Part of the reason for it was he didn’t want to ruin John’s happiness any more than he already had. He also didn’t want to give John the opportunity to kick him out of his life.
“Dada!” She tugged on the leg of his jeans. He bent down and scooped her up, feeling yet another rush of gratitude that he could finally do so again. He closed his eyes and pressed his nose to her hair.
The hurt look that crossed Lestrade’s face almost made Sherlock feel bad. As much as he pretended he didn’t, he really did care about Lestrade. Without him, Sherlock truly believed he would’ve taken some terribly drastic actions to end his boredom. Lestrade helped him get clean, and he gave Sherlock cases to occupy his always-racing mind. Loathe as he was to admit it, Sherlock owed Lestrade an awful lot.
her godfather, after all.”
He wasn’t sure how much time had passed since Sherlock spoke, but he was brought back to the present by the gentle touch of a hand on top of his. He opened his eyes and looked up into Sherlock’s wide ones. John still found it hard to breathe.
Lestrade’s eyebrows furrowed, and he put his cup down. Sherlock could see the stirrings of a question in his eyes. His first instinct was to avoid it, but he was so tired that he just let it come.
He couldn’t make himself speak louder than a whisper. “Tell me you’re happy.”
This almost felt worse than when Sherlock was dead.
“No.” Sherlock bit his lip. “I meant – you would be comfortable with me staying here after what I told you last week?” He felt vulnerable and he hated it. He hadn’t felt that way about his sexuality since he was a teenager, and now it had happened twice in a week. It was terrifying.
He looked up into Sherlock’s eyes and saw the moment when he accepted his fate. With a nod toward the kitchen, John turned and went upstairs, where he fetched the first aid kit from under his bathroom sink. When he returned downstairs, Sherlock had taken his coat off and was sitting in one of the kitchen chairs.
“Can you blame him?” Sherlock gritted his teeth together. “You went on quite the bender.”
Greg leaned forward in his chair. “Then why don’t you?”
“It also doesn’t change the fact that loving someone –
He trailed off here, for John had come downstairs. There was a trace of amusement in John’s eyes, and it made Sherlock frown.
Once in the doorway, he pauses and looks back. Sherlock is already sitting at the table, pretending to look focused on the papers in front of him. But John can see that his eyes don’t have that sharpness that indicates he’s concentrating, and his whole body is looser than normal.
“You know when I finally worked it out?” asked John, his lips quirking a little despite the brightness still present in his gaze. When Sherlock shook his head, he continued, “It was I think three weeks ago. After you went on that case with Lestrade and came back with a knife wound in your side.”
“I could’ve met you at your cabin,” John said. “If it would’ve been easier.”
“It’s – that’s – it’s okay,” he stuttered. “I’m okay. Really.”
“Yeah?” John shoved his emotions down as best he could and raised his eyebrows at Sherlock. “All good?”
They hurt so much, and at least thirty-seven percent of the pain was due to the tears clinging to John’s eyelashes.
“Then you didn’t cheat on Mary. You were just talking to someone else. That someone just happened to be a woman. You did nothing wrong.”
Sherlock nodded approvingly. Molly watched as John looked at him with the softest eyes she’d ever seen. It was amazing what a little communication could do for them. She had to wonder what sort of things could have been avoided if they had just
Something hard and cold settled into John’s chest. On top of everything, he was a hypocrite now. Lovely.
Lestrade nodded approvingly. “Good man. I know it’s hard, but you two will work it out. You always do.”
“No,” he admitted. “I don’t.”
The leftover shepherd’s pie got scooped into containers and tucked away in the fridge. Plates and wine glasses were put into the dishwasher, and the dish he had placed the pie in was left to soak in the sink. For more things to do, he blew out the candles and put them away. He swept the floor and straightened the chairs and wiped down the counters. Then he took the dishes out of the dishwasher and cleaned them all by hand.
It was the lamest rationale ever, but it shut Sherlock up. He went back to his book, and John went back to his internal debate over whether or not he was head over heels for the genius lying beside him.
The truth was, he missed Sherlock more than he’d ever missed anyone. It was like when Sherlock had jumped off Bart’s, only worse because he knew Sherlock was still alive and would let him into 221B if he asked. But he couldn’t bring himself to do it.
“I just thought she’d like to be with her family,” John murmurs.
“For the love of –” John cut himself off, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. He clenched his left hand into a fist before releasing and flexing it. “I hurt you, Sherlock. I punched you, and knocked you down, and – and you were defenseless, you were
“I know that tone,” said Lestrade, and he almost sounded giddy. “There’s something you’re not telling me.”
with someone – would do wonders for you.”
Sherlock couldn’t breathe. Why couldn’t he breathe? This boy, this
“I know you want him home,” he murmured. “I do too. More than anything. But I don’t think he’s coming today.”
“What makes you say that?” Sherlock finally asked, unable to resist it.
“I swear,” he said, looking down at a runny-nosed Rosie. “I do not know what goes on inside his head.”
Sherlock’s eyes flicked over John’s face. John desperately felt the urge to take a deep breath, but he suppressed it.
Of all the thoughts that could jump into John’s head, the first was rather silly:
“Sherlock.”
“For the last time,” Sherlock said, “I do not have
John’s lips parted in sympathy. Sherlock hated himself more.
This bit of information was surprising and intriguing all at once. John licked his lips.
“You have,” Lestrade conceded. “It just doesn’t seem fair that you have to put up with all this pain.”
Sherlock slammed his book shut and stood up. The book was tossed onto John’s distressingly empty chair as he stalked into the kitchen. He reached for the kettle to prepare tea, but stopped when he saw how badly his hand was shaking.
A shiver ran down Sherlock’s spine. He glared at John. “Don’t be obnoxious about it.”
It was all wrong. There should be a second person in the kitchen with him, bumping into him and pinching his arse playfully. There should be someone who would wrap his arms around him and nuzzle his ear. Someone who would playfully chastise Rosie for shaking her presents before watching her open each one with serious interest.
That voice. John knew that voice so well. It haunted his dreams, heated his skin, and lifted his spirits. It both broke his heart and mended it. That voice would never speak and not get some kind of reaction from him.
Realization crashed over John, and his whole body tensed like a taut violin string. His Adam’s apple bobbed up and down several times. He tried to pull his hand away, but Sherlock held on.
“Honestly, last night was perfect,” he said finally, recalling everything that came before the dreaded phone call. “I definitely caught him by surprise, which was what I wanted, and he seemed to love it. We talked about all sorts of things. It was… it was how it used to be. No awkwardness, no sadness.” He held Rosie closer to his chest. “He looked so happy. And beautiful. And he
Quick reminder: I'm American, so apologies for any mistakes when it comes to the names for things. I researched as best as I could.
“I… might… have…” John said. “It just – it slipped out. It was an accident.”
John’s fingers were twisted into a fist now. Sherlock swallowed. “You’ve never talked about him before.”
And then he’d met Sherlock’s parents, and he’d gotten confused. They were so down-to-earth, so…
Sherlock resumes his pacing, and John simply watches. The soft lamplight casts a glow over Sherlock that makes him look angelic. John would laugh at the thought if he doesn’t secretly think Sherlock is his personal angel.
He was already flagging down a cab before he realized the nurse wouldn’t be able to relay his message.
“We fit well together,” he said. “No one else would tolerate me as a flatmate.”
“Couldn’t let you… get hurt,” Sherlock mumbles. John stills for a moment before increasing the pressure on Sherlock’s wound.
“No,” John whined. “I’m sorry. Keep going, please.”
This was exactly what he wanted to avoid: getting too comfortable. He knew it would be a temporary situation, and yet he still let himself imagine he had a place in the Watson household. He got caught up in the fantasy, and now he would be extra devastated tomorrow when he returned to 221B.
For the first time in several weeks, Sherlock allowed himself to look in the mirror.
John blinked. “Brilliant. I don’t suppose you have your violin?”
“It’s fine,” rasped John. He cleared his throat and forced his left hand to unclench. When he spoke again, his voice was thankfully more even. “I couldn’t. I just couldn’t bear to be here with all your things, and your memory…” He closed his eyes, the old feelings sliding over him like a thick coat. “This was your home,” he whispered. “This was where Sherlock Holmes lived and breathed, and he wasn’t living and breathing in it anymore, and I just
“I shouldn’t have – done that,” John admits. “I should’ve asked you if it was alright. I’m sorry I didn’t.”
John wrenched his hand away from Sherlock’s and wiped his eyes. “It’s not bloody
“I like the sound of that,” he said. “And I want to talk about it. In detail. But tomorrow.”
“Oh. John.” Sherlock seemed to be both sad and guilty. His shoulders were hunched. He set the boxer briefs down in the bag. “It came to my attention that my presence here is a… security risk.”
“I didn’t know how had a dog.”
John was watching him with an expression that seemed to be a mix of longing and faint sadness. It made Sherlock’s heart beat harder, and he had to look away.
Greg stared at him in dismay. “Haven’t you been listening? I’ve
from above had Rosie burrowing under Sherlock’s arm.
Rosie stared back at him, uncomprehending. Her spoon hovered right in front of her mouth, held in place by Sherlock. There was a clump of mashed carrots on it, something Molly had promised was her favorite.
It felt so
“I’m watching Rosie tonight,” she said. She took Rosie from John after John had kissed her head. “Have you got her things ready?”
But John apparently wasn’t so happy, and he found himself another human with whom to form a connection.
At this, Sherlock noticed John seemed rather unconvinced, which made him frown. John hadn’t said anything self-deprecating in a few days, but that didn’t mean he’d stopped thinking them.
Sherlock looked offended. “Five? I beg to differ.”
John smiled, and Sherlock realized he couldn’t wait for the rest of the night.
“Because I’m tired of not knowing. Just tell me, Sherlock. Please.”
“That’s when you figured it out? Really?” Remarkably, John’s voice was steady, but Sherlock knew John would never, ever feel comfortable talking about that day.
Less than a minute in, and he was already plotting his escape.
“So what’s your full name?”
It took a great deal of effort to open his eyes, but he succeeded in prying them open just a smidge. The lights were turned down for him, but it still felt too bright. He grumbled in discomfort as his eyes slid shut again. Off to his right, he heard the groaning of a chair being pulled forward.
he mentally chanted.
Only now the moment was here, and he was still grappling for words. Then Sherlock spoke, throwing John completely.
“Because it’s what you deserve,” John said simply. “And I wanted – no, needed to do this. Just trust me.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but still thought through his answer. “I suppose it wasn’t that bad. I didn’t get on well with the other children –” John choked back a laugh at that, and Sherlock glared at him. “- So I spent a lot of time by myself.”
John started smiling. “Come on. Surely you can think of a better word for it.”
“Oh. Alright.”
Their eyes stay locked on each other’s, neither wavering for a second. John’s mouth is dry when he speaks next.
“I will stop talking about this.”
John hadn’t been in contact once, and Sherlock couldn’t say he was surprised. Even if it had only been three days since he last saw him – since his biggest secret had been exposed – he doubted he was going to be hearing from John any time soon. There was even a chance he wouldn’t ever speak to John ever again, but that was a thought he only had during the darkest hours of night, when he was curled up in his bed listening to the familiar creaking of the flat. It was unlikely John would seriously never speak to him again, but he was still worried.
Somewhere in the depths of the flat, his mobile rang. He contemplated not answering before realizing it could be John. The odds of that were incredibly low, but his heart still lifted hopefully, and he left his bedroom in search of the mobile.
John stepped the rest of the way into the cabin, letting the door thud shut behind him. “Are you Sherlock?”
He isn’t delusional enough to think Penny being there hasn’t disrupted Sherlock’s life exponentially. He can’t leave experiments or toxic materials out in the open. He can’t play the violin in the middle of the night. He certainly can’t shoot at the walls whenever he gets bored. The life Sherlock once lived is gone, and John had expected him to make much more of a fuss.
John did not seem convinced in the slightest, but he managed a tremulous smile. Sherlock offered one in return.
This time, he let the silence stretch out between them for a little bit. He suspected Sherlock needed the time to gather his feelings, and he didn’t want to push him too quickly. The question he wanted to ask, though, burned his throat, until finally he said it.
“May I ask you something?” Sherlock asked, looking surprisingly timid. John nodded warily. He could still hear Rosie downstairs, now babbling to Mrs. Hudson.
John frowned, that divot between his brows growing. “I rather thought,” he said slowly, “it was going to a relationship. Between you and I.”
“Rosie?”
Despite it being rather bright outside, the interior of the cabin was gloomy. There was an overhead light that could be switched on during nighttime, but it had been left off. Clothes were strewn across the floor, and John could spot a pair of pants dangling off a bedpost. All beds were empty, though unmade.
Without thinking, John’s feet led him to the doorway. Sherlock’s things were still strewn around the room, proof that he (sort of) lived there. The bed was unmade. His clothes hung in the closet, most likely in some kind of order that made sense only to Sherlock. There was a half-empty glass of water on the nightstand, right beside a thick medical book he’d snagged from John’s shelf. One night, when Rosie had been particularly fussy, Sherlock had read it aloud to her until she fell asleep. John had been both amused and besotted, though he hadn’t really known about the besotted part.
There was something in his voice that made John pause. A terse note, a slight unevenness.
“Understand what?”
“Sorry,” he muttered, and stood from his chair. He took the cup and brought it to the fridge, where he pulled out the apple juice. As he refilled it, he could hear Rosie babbling. She still didn’t know many words besides “dada,” but she liked making noises. John could barely understand her, but Sherlock would always listen seriously as though he did. John wouldn’t be surprised if he actually could.
“Good, because I prefer Sherlock,” John said, shoving his hands into his pockets. Sherlock could see his pinkie finger through a hole in it. “It’s more unique. Shows how special you are.”
“So, I realized something last night…”
Sherlock laughed, a wet, shaky thing. Unable to resist it any longer, he crushed his lips to John’s, nearly sobbing. John’s response was to wrap his free arm around Sherlock’s waist and drag him closer.
"That’s not possible.”
Sherlock was still watching him with a baffled expression. He’d drawn his knees to his chest, and John suddenly realized that he was quite scrawny. The thickness of the blankets had initially made John think he was bigger, but Sherlock was thin.
Greg rearranged his position so he was sitting cross-legged, facing John. “I should be asking you that one. The camp director pulled me aside on my way back here and said Sherlock has requested to switch group sessions to one-on-one sessions. With
with people, John.”
Something was clearly up. He just didn’t know what.
Thanks for reading!! Xoxo
“There was a bit more to it,” he replied.
“Well?”
“Seriously?”
“I have been called many names over the years,” Sherlock said. “No one has
“You still could’ve burned the pasta. I’ve definitely done that before.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You’ve always had a flair for the dramatic.”
Sherlock looked at him. “How do you know that?”
“We need to call an ambulance,” John says. He fumbles around in his pocket in search of his mobile while keeping one hand on Sherlock. Sherlock lets out a weak laugh.
“She’s different.”
“I was two when she was born,” he said. “According to Mycroft, I adored her.” He made a face. “As much as someone as young as I could. I must’ve been fascinated with her.”
<><><>
The teasing glint in John’s eyes was extinguished, and Sherlock missed it immediately.
“You’re up,” Sherlock said, rather unnecessarily. John nodded and drifted toward Rosie, dropping a kiss on his daughter’s head.
Sherlock took off his coat and laid it on top of the drawers. Moving his bag to the side, he got to work on making the bed. John’s eyes widened in surprise. Sherlock slowed his movements when he noticed.
“Why are we even discussing this? He knows and he ran and now he’ll never come back here. He’ll never want to see me again. I’ve lost him.” The admission fractured his already battered heart further. He’d done so much to keep John with him, and in the end he’d failed.  The most important thing in his life… ruined.
Sherlock settled Rosie in her highchair and started preparing breakfast for everyone. Rosie ate mashed bananas, and he got the kettle going for him and John. As he poked around in the fridge for ingredients, he clicked his tongue.
He’d always had nightmares, but the subject of them had changed over the years. Recently they often were about Mary’s death, but the past few nights had featured Sherlock, curled up on the floor of the morgue, bloody and broken. John had put them there, and he woke up gasping every time, filled to the brim with remorse.
John trusted him to the point of placing his daughter’s well-being in his hands. Sherlock felt lightheaded, his heart both full and strangely empty. He didn’t understand the latter until he remembered he couldn’t bear to raise Rosie without John by his side.
Sherlock deflated. “Well, no. It’s at Baker Street.”
“Ah.” John hesitated before asking his next question. “Got any advice for me?”
If it kept that madman in his life, John would do anything.
Rosie had just blinked at him, but somehow that was all the confirmation he needed.
He rolled his eyes as he walked back over to her. “I have done it before, you know. Need I remind you that I live alone? Mrs. Hudson refuses to do my dishes now.”
This was certainly not how the night was supposed to go, but Sherlock wasn’t surprised it took a wrong turn. Nothing in his life had ever worked out the way it was supposed to, not when it came to the person he loved most.
But first and foremost, John had to know.
Less than twelve hours left.
about having it.” Sherlock was sitting on the couch while John was on the floor with Rosie, and he was more than a little peeved about it.
On any other day, Sherlock would have been so pleased to hear his brother admit he needed him, but now he wanted to throttle him. “What do you need me for? You’re the British Government, you have people who can take care of this. Have them assist you.”
holding Rosie. She fit in his arms, and his eyes had shone brighter than they had in a while, and John had certainly noticed the little kiss he’d pressed to Rosie’s head. It made his heart sing, and he longed to ask Sherlock to stay. It would’ve been nice, having a night with him and Rosie. It was something he’d dreamt about in the past. However, he couldn’t bring himself to do it. The guilt was a lump in his throat that stoppered any words he wanted to say. He didn’t know where to begin, and, frankly, he was afraid to figure it out. He was afraid of ruining everything and losing one of the most important people in his life.
“What?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “That woman needs to learn when to keep her mouth shut.”
Rosie sniffled and looked up at him. Her eyes knocked the breath from Sherlock’s lungs. They were so familiar.
“Quite right.”
“You were my last hope.”
“So,” said John. “You’re telling me you have no idea where Sherlock is, and that you haven’t heard from him in a longer span of time than normal. Is that right? Am I getting that right?”
Sherlock can faintly hear the shooter running away, but he doesn’t care. John is safe and fine, and that’s all that matters.
“That’s only the beginning, mate,” he said, relieved at how calm it came out.
Shaking his head, more to clear it than anything else, he took the eggs off the burner and set them aside. He pivoted to face John, who was watching him with a cautious, but unflinching expression.
“You do your own dishes now? The world truly is ending.”
“You’re taking this awfully well.”
“Not this type. Last time I checked, you don’t listen to the radio.”
There were so many feelings whizzing around inside of Sherlock. He couldn’t keep them all straight, and it was making him dizzy, but he was positive of one thing: They all
Sherlock obeys, because when has he ever not done what John asks him to? “Love…” he says, the word slurring slightly.
John looked away. He still remembered how Sherlock said Harry hated him. He couldn’t really blame her. Because of him, she couldn’t spend one last summer with her friends before university. After their dad died, she’d always yelled at John for trying to replace him. It wasn’t that John wanted to be her dad, but there were things he had to do to keep the family afloat. And in some cases, that included making sure she didn’t find her demise at the end of a bottle.
“I can’t help tomorrow,” she said. “I’m sorry, but I have work.”
Sherlock’s eyes left his and went to the sling. “Mycroft has lost track of my sister, which means she could be anywhere. It seems likely that she will be coming for me, and when she does she will not hesitate to harm anyone she deems a threat. That would include you, as we’ve seen.”
Happy.
“Then I guess I don’t either. Could you explain it to me again?”
“I love you.”
“Since the second she was placed into my arms,” John said, “I’ve been terrified. I know exactly what this world is capable of, and I’m scared of my daughter knowing too. She’s too innocent for all that.”
Sherlock raises an eyebrow. “I think she’ll sleep through the night now. You can bring her back upstairs, if you’d like.”
Being a single parent was tough. John had only been one for a month and a half, but he already knew how much of a challenge it was.
Only an hour later, John wished he had accepted. The house was too quiet, despite the television being on. Rosie’s favorite program was on, and though John hated to deposit her in front of the screen, he indulged her from time to time. Whenever it was on, she would sit and watch, hardly making a sound. It was both scary and a blessed relief.
“What is it, darling?”
he has designated himself to tend to her when she wakes up in the middle of the night so John can sleep.
“I know what you’re doing.” As she spoke, she set the now-empty bottle into the sink and adjusted Rosie so she could burp her.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, though his cheeks held a reddish tint. “I was precocious.”
“Wait… You mean you’re…”
“You said I mean a great deal to you,” Sherlock said. “You’re the same for me.”
<><><>
John knew this is what it meant to be a parent, and he wouldn’t trade his Rosie for anything, but it was moments like this where he wouldn’t mind passing her off to someone for an hour or two. His head was pounding and his shoulder was acting up. The only thing that sounded good right now was a nap.
He needed to think of what to do next. He was in love with Sherlock and Sherlock was in love with him, so it would make sense for them to start a relationship. The mere thought made John’s stomach flip. Then he and Rosie could move into Baker Street, and they could become a proper family. Rosie would take his old room upstairs, and he would stay in Sherlock’s room. They could wake up every morning in each other’s arms, exchange casual touches while making breakfast, Rosie would call Sherlock Papa…
Sherlock looked wary. He was staring at John like he was a newly discovered animal. John was beginning to wonder if, in a way, he was.
Lestrade didn’t seem surprised or put-off by this response at all. “Probably not. I just thought I’d understand the situation better if I knew. But you don’t have to tell me.”
John felt as though he had been punched. Sherlock seemed unfamiliar to him, and he couldn’t tell if it was because of the new information flooding his brain or Sherlock’s gaunt appearance that still made him want to cry every time he saw him.
“I know,” said Sherlock now, his voice softening. “Just – not now. I can’t now.”
“But why?”
He hated how complicated everything had become. He still didn’t know how to fix it, but he had to start somewhere.
John let the silence between them stretch out before he spoke again. “I just want to know about one thing.”
Because he hadn’t just revealed his sexuality to John. He revealed so much more, and based on the way John was struggling to maintain eye contact, he could tell John was thinking about it too.
She let out a shriek as she opened her kid’s chemistry set and looked up at him with wide eyes. With John’s eyes. Sherlock still got breathless at the sight.
“Bastard,” he mumbled, staring at those godforsaken initials. It didn’t have any real heat to it, but he was still irritated at having one of the worst scares of his life.
<><><>
“A neighbor heard the gunshot.” Sherlock looked down. “You were in surgery for five hours.”
Even over the sounds of the park, he heard Sherlock’s small inhale of surprise.
John’s shoulder ached. He moved further into the room. “But… no. That’s ridiculous. You’ll be left alone.”
John swallows, steels himself. “On the tarmac. The day you were supposed to leave for Eastern Europe. I know there was something else you wanted to say to me. What was it?”
He wanted to fling himself into John’s arms and never let go, to press his face to his neck and breathe him in, to kiss him senseless. Instead, he tapped Rosie’s shoulder. She lifted her head and looked at him. He wiped away a few stray tears.
he chastised himself again.
Sherlock wondered. It simultaneously annoyed him and made his stomach drop.
“You know, Sherlock,” John said. “You don’t have to hide things from me, I’m here to support you, to be your confidant. You can tell me anything.”
“I’m sorry, my girl,” he said. “It’s going to be a while before I can hold you again.” He looked at his sling disdainfully.
That would be his first move, he decided. He would ask Greg for advice. First thing tomorrow, when Sherlock would be preoccupied with Rosie.
“Sure,” Sherlock said. He put his coat on and was about to reach for his scarf before he realized John was already holding it out for him. Their fingers brushed when he took it. He blushed and looked away, knotting it around his neck.
Molly gave him a look. He stared back. Then he sighed, relenting. “I don’t need it.”
ago. Have you really been thinking about it this whole time?”
and looked into his
he thought.
Sherlock waited to be repulsed by that idea, but the feeling never came. In fact, it almost sounded… nice. Like it was something he would feel better after doing. The realization horrified him.
When she pulled back, John was beaming. “Thanks. Really. I couldn’t have done it without you.”
“You were shot,” Sherlock replied once he’d set the water back down. “By your therapist.”
What would he have seen if he hadn’t looked away?
Molly’s eyes widened, and John remembered that all she really knew about Eurus was that she shot him. “Is he –”
He could end this. He could finally be free of her.
“What happened to her?” John inched forward. His right shoulder ached.
Sherlock almost seemed to be studying him, gauging his seriousness. John didn’t look away. He didn’t breathe either.
The tears he hadn’t dealt with in the past few days returned with a vengeance, burning his eyes and making him want to break. He was aware of Sherlock shuffling closer, and while his first instinct was to move away, he pushed through it and let himself move towards Sherlock. Sherlock’s hand came to rest on his left arm, and John’s knees almost buckled.
John inched forward and took Sherlock’s left hand in his right.
“Possibly,” conceded John. “But no one who would have put in as much effort as you have.”
“He’s alive,” stated Mycroft, and just like that John could breathe. It was like the air started circulating again, and a tiny part of him – the part that had started to doubt Sherlock’s continued existence on this planet – relaxed. He allowed himself a few moments to let the relief sink in before he pressed on.
Sherlock thought.
“I know that nothing I can say will ever be enough to make up for what I did. But I know I need to try. You deserve better.”
times before, romantic entanglement, while fulfilling for other people-”
“John,” he said, and though he had every intention of continuing, he fell silent right after saying it. John still looked horribly upset, and he knew he needed to fix it somehow. After grappling with his thoughts for another moment, Sherlock finally just said, “I don’t blame you. And I – I forgive you.”
The words were out before he could stop them. “No, he wouldn’t.”
John shrugged. “She made me happy, yeah, but it wasn’t a complete happiness. It’s hard to explain.”
<><><>
The next crack of thunder seemed to shake the windows in their panes. Rosie, apparently having lost her sense of comfort, began crying anew. Simultaneously, John and Sherlock shushed her. They both looked at each other, their eyes meeting at the same moment.
<><><>
“John?” prompted Lestrade.
He stayed sitting at the foot of the bed, yawning with increasing frequency, until Sherlock stepped out of the bathroom. He had put his pajamas on, and his curls were damp. His feet were bare, and his skin was pink from the hot water. He still looked anxious.
His first indicator that things were not going to go well came when his arm began to cramp. He brushed it off for as long as he could, since he’d endured far worse pain in the past (his right shoulder currently being proof of that). Eventually, however, it became too much to ignore, and he accepted that he needed to come up with a new plan.
“It’s not a big deal. Just go give Rosie her bath. I’ll join you when I can.”
And then John emerged from the office with two open arms and no sling.
Just hearing Sherlock call his daughter an angel sends a surge of happiness through John. “Except for the part where she wakes up at 2:30 every morning.”
He listened to her breaths even out, and then he carried her to her room. Carefully tucking her into her cot, he paused for a moment and watched her sleep. He marveled at how small she was, even at now eight months old. She didn’t know the horrors of the world, didn’t know pain beyond the occasional head bump or scratch. It would be impossible to shield her from it forever, but he could do his best to prepare her for it.
They spent the rest of the day playing with Rosie and ignoring Sherlock’s impending departure. As the hours ticked by, Sherlock noticed John was getting increasingly anxious, almost similar to the way he had seemed the day before when he asked Sherlock to stay. He nearly asked him what was wrong, but every time he was about to, John would smile at him, and Sherlock would think maybe he was imagining it.
John couldn’t help but wonder what they would look like with happiness.
Greg eyed him for a moment more before turning to the boy on Sherlock’s right. Sherlock slouched in his chair and pressed his right hand against the inside of his left elbow.
He couldn’t pinpoint what it was that woke him, only that he was awake when he shouldn’t be. He blinked groggily, getting his bearings. The house was silent. Rosie wasn’t crying. His phone wasn’t ringing.
John’s sling was dark blue and made of polyester. Sherlock hated the sight of it. It was another reminder that he’d been hurt, that he had nearly died. Sherlock tried not to think about it, because too much thought devoted to the subject of John dying only fueled his nightmares, and he didn’t need to contribute to those.
Sherlock smiled and turned his face further into John’s chest. Normally, he would loathe this kind of emotional reaction since it felt like something a schoolgirl would do. But here, right now, after everything, it felt justified, and he was going to let himself enjoy it.
Carrying and holding Rosie with one arm wasn’t a challenge, but doing just about everything else was. He couldn’t change her diaper, couldn’t feed her a bottle, and certainly couldn’t give her the bath she needed.
A knock on the front door startled Sherlock out of his swirling thoughts. He turned to see John answering it, Rosie still in his arms.
“It’s complicated,” he said. “And I’ll explain. But first, I need to see my daughter.”
“If it gets the two of you idiots to stop destroying yourselves, then yeah, I am.”
He was in love with Sherlock. Completely, totally, head-over-heels
“Why?” Sherlock’s eyes were shrewd. John forced himself not to look away.
Sherlock moved his foot this way and that, watching the tiny waves he created. “No. My family lives in Sussex.”
He was aware of Sherlock looking at him, but he kept his eyes forward, refusing to see what was in those damn eyes. When Sherlock finally spoke, he said the last thing John expected to hear.
, but never in that way.” He swallows. “Never with someone who means as much to me as you do.”
Once Rosie had finally eaten her fill, Sherlock started on breakfast for him and John. Taking a seat at the kitchen table, John began to read the newspaper. Occasionally he mentioned something Sherlock might find interesting, but for the most part he was quiet.
“Papa! Papa, wake up! It’s Christmas!”
“I would tell you to give me more credit,” Sherlock said, wiping Rosie’s nose and willing his heartbeat to return to normal, “but even I know that’s a fair assessment.”
Outside the walls of the flat, he can make out the faints sounds of London. Cabs maneuvering the dark streets, drunk people stumbling home. If he concentrates hard enough, the creaking of floorboards would reach his ears. Still, no Penny.
Turning his back on the empty space, he planted his feet firmly on the floor and listened. The house was quiet. Far too quiet for one that had a seven-month-old living there.
for me.”
“If this is going to work,” he ventured, “we’re going to need to be open with each other. That’s the way I see it. No more hiding, no more secrets. We’re doing it together, or not at all.”
“What about her?”
John sat on the bed. Sherlock’s pajamas had been tossed amongst the blankets. Biting his lip, John picked up his gray shirt and brought it to his chest. He lowered his head so his nose was pressed into the fabric and inhaled. That indefinable scent that was Sherlock’s still clung to it. His eyes watered.
For a moment, neither of them speak. Then the quiet becomes too unbearable for John, and he says the first thing that comes to mind.
Now the air had been knocked from his lungs. Sherlock hadn’t anticipated that answer, and it left him dazed and thrilled, like he’d been electrocuted. He was certain he was gaping at John, though he couldn’t be arsed to care.
At least, he thought so.
No one had ever offered to listen to him. For a second, Sherlock honestly wondered if there was a second meaning to John’s words that he was missing.
He hung up soon after that and was left with an empty house. With his left hand now free, he could very well reach up above the stove and grab the bottle that was hiding behind the cabinet door.
Sherlock looked away from John only to make sure Rosie hadn’t crawled too far away. He was sitting on the floor, cross-legged, and was supposed to be playing with her, but she was far more interested in testing her boundaries. Her latest fixation was the stairs, and it was Sherlock’s job to make sure she didn’t attempt to climb them.
John thought.
A second ago, John looked incredibly fond, but now he looked concerned. That in turn made Sherlock concerned, and he quickly ran through solutions for how to fix it. All things considered, this talk had been going well up to this point; Sherlock desperately didn’t want to be the one to ruin it.
He’s been dreaming of this for so long that he can hardly figure out how he’s supposed to actually respond to it. Of course, most the scenarios he devised in his head involved a post-case adrenaline high, or a near-death incident. They didn’t include a far too quiet flat and a baby monitor clutched in his sweaty hand.
John rolled his eyes. “I just don’t know what you mean.”
“Shall I get the car?” he asked instead. John opened his eyes, and Sherlock could have sworn there was a hint of wistfulness in them.
Thanks for reading! Hope you liked it. <3
"Sorry?”
John inhaled shakily and nodded. He stepped forward and raised himself up on his toes. Sherlock nearly collapsed when John pressed the sweetest of kisses on his cheek.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “Please. You’re normal. You keep up with the bills, buy milk, clean up the place when necessary. You’re the ideal flatmate.”
“Look,” Sherlock said. “I understand that you don’t want to eat right now. I rarely have a desire to eat myself. But you have to.”
When Lestrade showed up the next day, Sherlock only felt numb.
John’s voice was soft and almost hesitant when he spoke. “After all these years, we’ve never once celebrated your birthday. And I know that this year was… less than pleasant. I just thought that maybe…” He rubbed the back of his neck, looking uncertain now. “I thought maybe we could celebrate tonight.”
“Huh. That’s… that’s good to know. Shame we’ve wasted… all this time.”
He heaved himself up and went into the kitchen. He hadn’t had a proper appetite in days, but as a doctor, he couldn’t just let himself stop eating. He might be depressed, but he had to keep moving for his sake and for Rosie’s.
It took John all of one minute after stepping into 221B to realize what a colossally bad idea going there was.
“You didn’t get to say it,” Sherlock said, lingering on the threshold. “Before. What you wanted to say.”
Upstairs, John could hear the bathtub draining itself and Sherlock’s deep voice rumbling. He thought he could burst with all the emotions he had inside.
“That’s
Sherlock’s eyes had landed on John right as he said it, and John has never been prouder.
“Well, you don’t know it either.”
“I don’t use it
John exhales harshly, shaking his head. “No. No, this can’t happen.” He looks at Sherlock, and in the dying light of the day he can see tears in John’s eyes.
“I don’t know what this means,” John said, reaching out to touch Rosie’s hand. “I don’t know what to do about it. But it – it was something else I needed you to know.”
Twenty minutes later, he had a steaming plate of spaghetti in front of him. Rosie was to his left, tucked into her high chair, and Sherlock was across from him. He only had his own plate because John had insisted that he eat too. His portion was smaller than John’s, but John took the victory anyway.
The idea that John was so torn up over
Something in that sentence made John halt his steps, causing Sherlock to move in front of him before coming to a stop himself. He forced himself to turn around and face John, who was looking at him with a wide-eyed expression that conveyed both sadness and compassion.
John looked over at him in shock. “What?”
“I was seven,” Sherlock replied curtly. “It’s in the past, and we’re moving on from that, aren’t we?”
John frowned. “But what if –”
“Three weeks.” He looked to his daughter. “Don’t know how I’m going to manage this one during that time.”
Sherlock smiled a little. “The unfortunate side effect of tracking my deranged sister across the country, putting an end to it all, and coming straight back home after.”
“John?” Sherlock’s voice, normally strong and confident, is small and tentative. It makes John ache. Sherlock shouldn’t sound like that, ever. It’s wrong.
John laughed and shoved at Sherlock. “You git,” he said between chuckles, but Sherlock heard the true meaning beneath.
John opened his mouth to object, to tell Sherlock how wrong he was, but Sherlock cut him off before he could get even a syllable out.
Around the time he started formulating this new plan, he became very aware of a growing squishiness on his lap, right under Rosie’s bum. He groaned and looked at his daughter.
“It’s a fact of life, Sherlock,” John said, joining the two of them on the couch, cup of tea in hand. “She’s going to get sick a lot.”
The thought of his mattress and warm blankets seems appealing, but not much as staying downstairs with Sherlock and Penny.
“You can’t even look at me,” he said. John’s jaw tightened. “You invited me over because the people you wanted weren’t available, and now that I am here you can’t stand the sight of me. I repel you. You just can’t admit it to my face.”
John looked down at Rosie. She sat beside him, her eyes glued to the glowing screen in front of them.
“You can do that here,” John pleaded. He hadn’t realized how close he’d gotten, but now he and Sherlock were practically toe to toe. “You know you can. You’re brilliant like that.”
“What makes you say that?” John said, steadfastly refusing to explore that line of thought. It was becoming harder and harder to ignore, but now wasn’t the time to let himself reflect on it.
The lump that was Sherlock made a scoffing noise. “He’s not worried. He’s irritated. There’s a difference. A rather big one too.”
John Watson is an anomaly. He’s a person who looks utterly ordinary on the outside, but is the most fascinating person Sherlock has ever met. Sherlock thinks he could spend hundreds of years studying John and would still be confused about who he is. And while that’s an odd sensation for Sherlock, he knows why he feels this way.
he thought, his gaze traveling over the still-healing cut on Sherlock’s face. He would never be able to say enough apologies to make up for that, but damn if he didn’t want to spend the rest of his life trying.
“That’s understandable,” John said gently. “He was young.”
<><><>
“Why?”
“Fine,” Sherlock answered. “Molly is watching her now.”
Everyone in the circle looked at Sherlock. He spoke in a bored tone.
It was just
However, there was absolutely no doubt in his mind that he completely loathed whoever was calling him at that very moment.
“Want to go on a little trip?”
He swore Lestrade’s gaze became tinged with pity, which made him bristle.
Despite the fact that his sling was off and he no longer required any assistance, Molly was over nearly every day, with Lestrade stopping by whenever he was free. Normally, John would’ve been annoyed by their coddling, but he knew it was necessary. He was trying to be a good father to Rosie, but sometimes his anxiety overtook him, and he required a moment alone. If they were around, he could step away without feeling too much guilt over leaving his daughter.
Lestrade and Molly would call from time to time to check in. Mrs. Hudson called every day. While their words were once comforting, they now grated on John’s nerves. He had to actively work to keep himself from snapping at them, especially Mrs. Hudson. He knew they meant well, and that they were just as worried as he was, but he was tired of false optimism and promises. He just wanted his detective back.
“What’s wrong, little one?” he whispers. “What’s making you cry?”
He reached the bottom of the staircase and whirled around the corner, gun held out. He planted himself and prepared to face down the women who caused him so much pain.
6:53… 6:54…
“Yes, it is,” John said with such certainty that Sherlock wondered if he was still talking about Rosie. John coughed. “Would you just keep talking to her?”
John’s reply made his chest warm. “Thank you. I appreciate it.”
John’s hand stilled, and he looked up at Sherlock. It was rare that his irritated comments got an apology out of Sherlock, especially when they pertained to how he behaved during a case. What was more, he could tell the apology was sincere. He was actually rather touched.
John looked around at the sitting room. At the stains and holes and general mess. At his chair, sitting opposite its companion.
There is only one voice. That much he’s certain of. He can overtake one man. He’s done it before. He just needs to maintain the element of surprise. He continues to inch down the stairs, taking care to avoid the particularly creaky steps. Skirting the landing by keeping close to the wall, he peers down. The door to the sitting room is cracked open, warm light spilling out.
he scolded himself. Things were getting better. No use ruining them.
this idea instead of just
It was a shame that it had taken them so long, but she supposed it was also better late than never.
Sherlock met his eyes. The air between them suddenly felt too thick. A weird sensation was coiling in John’s gut, making his skin tingle. It became hard to breathe. It was too much, so John looked away, towards Sherlock’s torso.
Molly smiled sadly at that. “If he promised you, then he’ll do everything in his power to follow through. He loves you that much.”
“Yes yes, alright,” he muttered. “No need to rub it in.”
protect you,” huffed Sherlock. “You’re alive now because of it.”
feels that way. John knows his daughter is the most perfect child to have ever been conceived, beautiful beyond all measure, so on and so forth. But he is her father. Of course he would think that way.
The candles.
“Sherlock?” Molly called. “You coming?”
But slowly and surely, John felt something else grow. He pictured it as a ball of light in his chest, right beside his heart. It first formed when he’d held Sherlock’s hand on the dock. He’d expected a bit of resistance, or maybe Sherlock shying away from even the slightest touch. But instead, Sherlock had
He wasn’t even upset to learn that Sherlock had deceived him into thinking Irene – the Woman – was dead. At this point, it was just another disappointment, another tiny, piercing lie to add to the pile of other piercing lies that had accumulated over the years. Lies told by Sherlock, by Mary. By John himself.
Not an absurd amount of time, but long enough that John was jittery again. Based on what Mycroft had told him, Sherlock was now about five days late for checking in. Considering Sherlock’s intellect, this was not good. Not good at all. He should have been able to work out the puzzle by then and head to the next spot. He should have made contact. John should have heard something.
years
“I’ll tell Greg you’re not feeling well,” John said. He gave Sherlock a sad smile and left the cabin, taking some of the room’s brightness with him. Sherlock stared at the door for a long time after, nibbling on a piece of toast.
John smiled. “That’s adorable. Any chance you’ve still got it?”
“Figured it out, have you?” asked Sherlock, his voice low. “Are you quite pleased with yourself? I should hope you are. As you know, your happiness is very important to me.”
His wedding day was a memory he often returned to, but not because it brought him utter joy. It was because it fueled his confused feelings. Mary had looked beautiful that day and they were supposedly in love, but all John could remember was Sherlock as he gave his best man speech. Sherlock as he said such
“She shot you,” Sherlock reminded him, like he could forget. “Regardless of whatever happened to her as a child, she nearly killed you. She clearly does not care about her family, because if she did, she wouldn’t have harmed you.”
“You’re being social,” John said, not at all put-out by Sherlock’s tone. “It’s nice to see.”
Sherlock smiled a little. “I wouldn’t expect any less. Let’s go home.”
He was almost going to say it didn’t matter, or it was personal, so he didn’t want to tell her. But then he realized that maybe it was good that she knew. Maybe then she wouldn’t think him better than he was.
Immense relief crashed through him when John’s concern finally melted away and was replaced by that sweet fondness again. “That’s okay. I’ll help you.”
"Don’t sell yourself short, Sherlock. A lot of this was possible because of you. You’re fantastic, beautiful, brilliant, and so incredibly strong. I always knew you could beat this if you set your mind to it. You can make the impossible possible.”
He just wasn’t ready for that.
“Hey,” said Lestrade, awkwardly looking around the flat. “Hope it’s okay, but John asked me to take his shift. Said he needed to be with Rosie today.”
John shifted in his chair. Molly was alternating between looking at him and looking at Rosie, who was now on the verge of falling asleep in her arms.
Rosie looked up at him, and now John’s eyes were shining with tears. Sherlock’s throat got tight.
him to.
John pulled back, but only enough so that he could see Sherlock’s face. Now that he was taking the time to study him, John noticed that his hair was greasy, and there were brushes of dirt on his cheeks. No bruises though, thankfully, and his eyes shone brighter than they ever had. Unable to resist himself, John cupped his jaw and rubbed his thumb over Sherlock’s lower lip. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered in response.
“Not really,” John answered. “We’re close in age, but that didn’t make a difference. We just had different interests. We looked out for each other though.”
“I think you’re gorgeous,” John said, his voice so quiet Sherlock almost couldn’t hear it over the gentle lapping of the lake. “Simply stunning.”
John clenched and unclenched his jaw. “His bloody sister happened.”
He imagined John shaking his head. “That’s not healthy. And you
“Of course a man.”
Sherlock’s initials there didn’t even seem out of place.
what made John Watson so special, but he ached to find out.
John swallowed and gave a nod. “Right. And, you know, other things. But Rosie, yeah.” He glared at his sling. “Though she’s been doing well lately in terms of sleeping through the night.”
~~~~~~
“What happened?” she asked immediately. “Did it not go well? Did Sherlock…”
“Was that – should I have not done that?” John asked. Sherlock shook his head.
There was someone inside his house.
“Only because you did the same,” Sherlock replied. He stood, cradling a now-sleeping Rosie to his chest. He then said, with an obviously forced casual air, “Shall I come back down after?”
This wasn’t how it was supposed to go. This wasn’t what he had expected. It didn’t make him happy, though. It made him feel worse.
Sherlock waited for John to press him more, but was relieved when he didn’t. So relieved that he allowed himself to tell John another vital part of his childhood.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock said dismissively. “It wasn’t that hard.”
I also don't have any medical knowledge, so I apologize for any error or questionable tidbits.
"I had my first drink when I was twelve. Nicked it from my dad. He’d just – well, he’d just died, and I thought, ‘He won’t be needing them anymore…’”
This meant he had to wait a few more days for his sling to come off, but that was fine (Excruciating, but fine). It would give him the time he needed to prepare what he wanted to say.
It took a few moments for John’s brain to catch up with his eyes, and when it did, he dropped the gun on the ground, clicking the safety on as he did so. He crossed the room in three steps and threw his arms around Sherlock.
“I thought the Watsons had security,” Sherlock said, keeping his fear out of his voice as best as he could. “You have people watching. If she tries to come here, it won’t work.”
“Have a good night, Sherlock,” she said, her eyes sparkling for some strange reason. Sherlock managed a bemused nod to her and a wave to Rosie, and then they were gone.
John frowned. “How do you not know?”
John straightened and glared at him. “I know that, thanks, but she’s not responding to that either.”
“No matter what happens with him,” he continued, “I’ll still be here for you. I’m not leaving you. I promise.”
John looked at him. Sherlock wasn’t looking back, but at the kitchen table, which looked startlingly empty without its usual clutter. Mycroft’s people had disposed of everything harmful in the flat, something John was begrudgingly and immensely grateful for.
“If I recall, I was the one who suggested this. That would imply I want to do it.”
“I just have one more question,” he said, his voice almost a whisper. He stood still in the middle of the sitting room, feeling surprisingly calm at the center of his roiling emotions. The eye of the storm.
Sherlock thought. He shrugged.
“So, has there been anything new with Miss Rosie?”
Molly giggled and said something else, but Sherlock stopped listening at that point. He wasn’t sure what to make of Molly’s reaction to John saying the two of them were going out, so he chose to ignore it for the time being. He went back to his room to fetch his phone and then went downstairs.
“Is all that for here?”
A few hours later, after Rosie had napped and Sherlock had settled in, John broached the topic of dinner. Sherlock immediately rose from his place on the couch and went into the kitchen. John followed after making sure Rosie was happily playing with her stuffed dog.
“What happened to him? Victor?”
Sherlock’s eyes shine, and John can’t tell if it’s the lamplight or something else. He pries one of his hands from John’s and tentatively touches his cheek. John leans into it, comforted by its warmth.
“I don’t just mean for this.”
“Tomorrow we’ll go our separate ways,” John said, turning Sherlock’s hand over. “We don’t ever have to see each other again if we don’t want to. So I might as well tell you, since it’s already come out a bit, that I fancy you, Sherlock. Really and truly fancy you.”
“Christ,” John muttered.
“Wait. Your sister,” he murmured, his eyes fighting to keep open. His thoughts were flying away from him, making it hard to concentrate. Sherlock frowned in confusion.
“Then perhaps you shouldn’t get too preoccupied with the future,” Sherlock retorted. Now John was the one who rolled his eyes.
“I don’t follow,” John said. Sherlock shook the horrible feelings the memories brought back and plowed on with a sort of clinical detachment.
“I’m fine,” he repeated, this time gentler. “Mycroft has told me the flat is perfectly safe, and no one is getting in unless I invite them.”
“Then why do you have to go?” John knew he sounded desperate, but he was panicking. He thought he and Sherlock had more time to continue whatever they were doing. He was
John snorted. “You playing mediator now?”
Lestrade chuckled. “What are the odds.” He sobered then, looking at Sherlock carefully. “And you’re happy with this situation? Really?”
The morning after, John got out of bed early after hours of tossing and turning and went straight to Molly’s. She opened her door with a bright smile, clearly expecting one back. When she saw John’s tired eyes and sagging shoulders, her smile disappeared.
“No, of course you wouldn’t,” John said. “Because you’re an idiot who still thinks being alone is the best course of action. It’s not. I really thought you had learned that by now.”
seeing John wince when he jostled his shoulder too hard and knowing he couldn’t wrap him up in his arms and comfort him. It was
“Alright, fine,” grumbled Sherlock. “I won’t say anymore.” He’d already known she didn’t understand, of course, but he hated seeing her in distress.
“What’s going on?”
“Still.”
“People tend to think,” John said slowly, “that I’m just another poor sod who stumbles through school, gets drunk on the weekends, and has every girl begging me to shag them.”
doing better. The way he looked almost made Sherlock feel like he had stepped back in time. It was simply unacceptable.
John continued on past the next two beds. That wasn’t a dismissal. “Well, either way, he wants to know you’re taken care of.”
? No way. That can’t possibly be a real name.”
“For God’s sake,” Sherlock groaned. John pulled out his phone and frowned.
Sherlock swallowed. He untangled his hands and let John slip his fingers between Sherlock’s. John squeezed, a soft pump of pressure. He never looked away from Sherlock.
Mycroft sighed deeply and sat up straighter. He clasped his hands together and rested them on the desk. “There is no need to resort to violence,” he said. “Though I can’t guarantee you’ll like what I have to say.”
"You’re staring at me.”
“I’m a coward,” John said, looking Lestrade straight in the eye. “I know I am. I blamed him for Mary’s death when it wasn’t his fault, and I ran when he confided in me. I could’ve gone to see him today, but I didn’t because I was afraid of what I’d say. I don’t trust myself around him anymore.”
“No,” said John, his voice firm. “Just listen to me. Over three years ago, you were in trouble. Moriarty, remember him?”
“Go to sleep, John,” Sherlock said soothingly. “It’s going to be okay.”
Rosie beamed and kissed John’s cheek. John kissed hers back as well as Sherlock’s.
“She didn’t give you any trouble, then?”
John turned bright red and looked away. “No I’m not.”
That one word, so simple and yet it had the power to undo him. John sniffed and poked an old burn on the carpet with his foot. He could recall exactly how that came to be. It involved Sherlock and a blowtorch. And a very angry Mrs. Hudson afterwards.
The fact that Sherlock himself was plenty old enough to do the same and once had ample opportunity to do so was not lost on him, but he chose not to dwell on it. He certainly did not need another reminder that he didn’t know his best friend as well as he thought he did.
“Because John,” the man in question said from behind Sherlock, “was too busy worrying about Rosie’s mad godfather.”
A slight look of embarrassment crossed Sherlock’s face, and he looked away from John. “I don’t have anything else on right now, so I thought I might as well stay.”
“Yep. Harry took after him in that sense. She claimed she wouldn’t, but… well.”
Sherlock’s bag was on the bed, half-filled with his clothes and toiletries. The man himself stood before it, in the middle of folding a pair of boxer briefs. John’s cheeks flushed momentarily before he reminded himself of what was going on.
The last word fell heavily between them. Sherlock sucked in another breath. John blinked harshly, suddenly aware of the tears gathering in his eyes.
He fumbled his way through making coffee before sitting down at the table. He knew he should eat breakfast, but there was barely anything to eat, and he wasn’t hungry. Coffee would have to sustain him for now.
“So you talked to him.”
a voice that sounded suspiciously like his brother sounded in his mind. Sherlock looked away from the father and daughter pair, even as he ached to wrap his arms around the both of them.
<><><>
John sighed and moved to pinch the bridge of his nose, then scowled when he remembered that his free hand really wasn’t free, but trapped in a sling. Another grievance to add to the long list.
Sherlock shrugged and set the kettle on the stovetop. After ensuring it was on, he took the spoon from John and bent down to Rosie’s level.
Molly softened, her eyes shining with sympathy. John averted his gaze and pursed his lips.
A tiny cry pierced the night. Sherlock was upright in seconds and out his door in a few more. A distraction was just what he needed, and Rosie was going to provide it.
“Redbeard?” he asked, once he was certain he’d been quiet for too long. Sherlock didn’t seem to notice, apparently caught up in his task of draping a comforter over the bed.
“Oh really?”
After John left, Sherlock didn’t continue packing. He sat on the bed and stared at his bag, aching to take everything out of it. Him leaving was always inevitable, but not so soon. The plan was for him to stay until John got the sling removed. Then he would return to Baker Street and mourn all he had lost. But he thought he had more time to prepare.
“You didn’t have to get me anything,” he said. “Dinner was suitable thanks enough.”
"Amazing?” Sherlock repeated.
And yet, he was the most beautiful thing John had ever seen.
John opened his mouth to speak, but shut it the second he heard Rosie wailing from downstairs. He’d left her in her playpen, believing he would only be gone for a moment while he got Sherlock settled. Instead, he’d been up there for nearly ten minutes.
For the rest of camp, Sherlock and John were practically inseparable. They spent every minute they could together, hiking through the woods, swimming in the lake, or just hanging out in Sherlock’s cabin. Sometimes Sherlock conducted experiments and John sat by and watched. One afternoon, they took a canoe out onto the lake, and Sherlock tried to see if he could spot any fish. He leaned so far forward that he fell out of the canoe. Once John had stopped panicking, he laughed the rest of the day.
*nervously posts chapter after over a year of silence*
“I know, love,” he said, grazing his lips over her hair. “I can assure you that he feels the same way. And if he could be here right now, he would be.”
The expressions on everyone’s faces had shifted from curious to dumbfounded. Sherlock would’ve laughed if he didn’t hate every single one of them.
“I know,” Sherlock replied. “But tomorrow, I think.”
“That’s because I just invited her,” John said. He was struggling to put his jacket on. Without thinking, Sherlock moved forward and helped tug the garment over John’s good arm. Molly smiled.
“I mean it, John,” he was saying. “It’s worth a shot.”
“It’s nothing bad,” he promised. “I was just thinking more about your childhood. Because of earlier.”
“All better now,” murmured John. Rosie slung her arms around John’s neck and burrowed close.
“Just…” John gazed at the bullet-ridden wall. “So many memories.”
Though this case was
a pointed voice asked him.
John shook his head. “Thanks, but I’m okay. Honestly, I think we’re all set. You can go home if you’d like.”
“We still need to talk,” said John. “About – all this. And how it’s going to work. But I don’t want you to think it’s just going away before we reach that point. I could see you panicking.”
He tried to say he loved him one last time, but was asleep before he could open his mouth.
“Our sister. We’ve found her location, and…” Mycroft let out a reluctant sigh. “I need your assistance.”
But what a dream it is. Surely a single second, one little dip into it wouldn’t be too bad…
John actually did laugh that time. “Do I look like a proper bisexual?”
Sherlock had always loved seeing him like this.
“I can mind her for a bit while you go get your things. We shouldn’t run into any trouble.” John flicked his gaze over to him. “Provided you’re up for it too.”
he thought, leaning close to the candle.
John forced himself to relax and gave Greg an easy smile. “’s alright. People are bound to find out soon enough.” It wasn’t a terribly big camp, after all. And there were only a handful of counselors.
But it was hard not to romanticize every little thing when he was still floating on the high of last night.
Sherlock’s lips quirked up in that way John loved so much. “I’ve found myself discovering the error of my ways. I think it’s because of my doctor.”
“I wouldn’t,” said Sherlock. “Not about this. Not now.”
“Brilliant,” John murmured. Sherlock’s lips curved up briefly, though they slammed back down in displeasure when John started to clean the wound. “Go on.”
“Nothing.”
It also meant Sherlock’s perfect life was coming to an end.
It was only when he was fully upright that John realized how close they were. If he moved even the tiniest bit forward, he would be pressed to Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock’s verdigris eyes watched him intently, and John almost felt entranced by them. They were dizzying.
<><><>
John pursed his lips. “I changed my mind. Not very brilliant.”
"Have you ever used cocaine when you’re not on a case?”
That didn’t change the fact that he currently had a very big problem. His daughter needed to be taken care of, and he only had one working arm, thanks to Sherlock’s long lost psycho sister. The mere thought of Sherlock (even if it was by way of his sister) made John’s stomach twist, and he couldn’t tell if it was a pleasant sensation or not. There used to be a time when it was, but things had changed and fractured between them. He still felt immense guilt, and it hadn’t been helped at all by seeing Sherlock the day he came home from the hospital.
It was irrational for John to get angry, but he could feel fury bubbling in the pit of his stomach. This boy was capable of something so awe-inspiring, and people called him
“Good morning, Rosie.”
"Sherlock,” John said, his voice soft. It made Sherlock shiver, and not because of his symptoms. “I know it’s hard for you to admit, but you are. It’s okay. It won’t make you weak, or anything.”
“What connection?” spat Sherlock. “We played a game. A game I won because her ridiculous feelings got in the way.”
It faded seconds later when he took in the minute details. His skin was too pale, and he was standing unevenly, like he was supporting most of his weight on his left side. His right arm was pressed tightly to his side, and there was a grimace on his face.
. He’d missed her terribly, and he hadn’t gotten the chance to see her last night.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked over him, taking everything in as they always did. It was immediately apparent why he was there, and it made Sherlock’s stomach turn with a mixture of excitement and apprehension.
John thought. He bounced Rosie while he tried to figure out the best way to start the conversation. He’d had hours to do so, but nothing came to him. Eventually he just gave up and prayed that when the moment came, he’d know what to say.
dammit, not his actual room) and headed downstairs. He had gotten up with Rosie over an hour ago, and when John joined them not long after, he insisted on taking over for a bit so Sherlock could shower and get dressed. That just meant that Sherlock could hear John talking to Rosie as he descended the staircase.
Sherlock was still grinning at him. It felt normal, like the old days. John clung to it like the drowning man he was.
The woman on the bus. Her face rushed up to the forefront of his mind, and his heart gave the same tiny thrill it always did when he received a text from her. It wasn’t the kind of thrill that came from love or even infatuation, but the thrill that was associated with danger and illicit activities and the feeling of being alive.
This wasn’t the first time someone had drawn attention to his name, but it was definitely the first time it was done with genuine curiosity. For some reason, it touched Sherlock.
“You remember our sister, yes?”
“Oh,” he said, turning to John, who looked up. “Just thought I’d tell you that you were right. About my sister.”
"So you could quit right now?”
The sky was a pale gray, with the sun trying valiantly to poke through the cloud cover. Mothers watched over their children as they played in the grass, and dog owners kept an eye on their pups as they bounded around. Everyone was taking advantage of the unseasonably warm day, and John had to admit he was happy to be amongst them. He hadn’t been out in public since he’d been shot. He missed the fresh air.
Sherlock’s eyes got big, and John thought that might not have been the best way to phrase it. But it was true, so…
“I do,” Sherlock said, taking the moment to compose himself. He cleared his throat and straightened his shoulders. “As we established before, I am an excellent flatmate.”
“Good morning to you too,” Lestrade said. “You sound pleasant today.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, slightly strangled.
John suspected that last bit was false, but he wasn’t going to push it. Twisting his body, he reached out with his left hand and placed it over Sherlock’s hand. His fingers were tense under John’s, and surprisingly warm. John felt a little thrill go up his spine.
“She does,” Sherlock reiterated. “You’re exactly what she needs.”
It was easier when he claimed to not have a heart. It was easier not getting attached. He could go on with his life and not be bothered by sentiment. That’s what he would be like now if a sandy-haired, blue-eyed army doctor hadn’t walked into life and ruined everything.
Sherlock was busy Googling different parenting sites for advice. “I believe it depends on the child. There can’t just be a set age where children are supposed to be problematic.”
John folded up his letter and tucked it into an envelope. “If withdrawals are starting, he’s going to need someone to support him.” Just last year, John had tried to get Harry off the bottle by getting rid of every drop of alcohol in their house, and then sequestering her in her room. It wasn’t a well-thought-out plan, and was actually quite harsh. But if there was one thing he’d learned, it was that a person suffering withdrawals shouldn’t do it alone.
there, she
John laughed humorlessly. “Are you serious? She’s got a brilliant mind, she’s gorgeous, she loves playing games. She’s perfect for you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John took a step forward, and it took all of Sherlock’s restraint not to step back. Despite them being outside, the air around them felt quiet and undisturbed, like they were the only ones on that street.
John groaned and rubbed his face. “Christ, this is bloody ridiculous. Why is this so difficult? We were fine last night.”
“What?” said Sherlock in greeting. Behind him, John snorted.
“Your father helped,” he said, those eyes compelling him to tell her everything. “Just him being nearby helped. That was right after… well, your mum hurt me a bit, and he stayed with me to make sure I was okay. The nightmares weren’t so bad then.” He paused, the memories clogging his throat. “And then he left.”
John thought.
“Serbia,” Sherlock said. His head was held high, his gaze straight ahead. He kept the detached tone, though it was wavering. “I was held captive there. For a time.”
John nodded and smiled at him. “I would love it if you did.”
“So?” Greg asked instead of a greeting. “How are they?”
eat your food. You’re making your father very upset.”
Sherlock scowled. “Bastard.”
Sherlock took the phone away from his ear. “I don’t
“Can’t you see,” he said, his voice shaking only slightly, “that I am doing this to protect you and Rosie?”
John laughed, his shoulders relaxing. “And I’m sure you’ll nitpick everything I do.”
Sherlock looked up at him. At twenty-two, Mycroft’s appearance gave the impression he was much older than he was. Sherlock took pleasure in teasing him about it.
“It’s nothing to be concerned about, Watson,” he informed her. “That noise you hear is just a byproduct of the lighting. When lightning strikes –”
The moment Harry’s time was up, Greg put his focus back on Sherlock. Sherlock stared back readily.
but he didn’t want to ruin the happy mood they had going with something that John might not be ready to fully consider. It was something they could discuss later, after John was completely healed. Instead, he just served John his breakfast and said, “I appreciate you telling me. It makes me very happy.”
This chapter is for everyone who has stuck around for this long. I adore and appreciate each and every one of you, and I thank you from the bottom of my heart! <3
“Couldn’t… couldn’t risk you not feeling… the same way.”
In a way, Sherlock is glad he never told John, because if his response had been the latter, Sherlock would’ve been lost. Lost without his blogger, his heart.
“No, Watson. We do not choke people with their scarfs.” He paused, contemplating. “Unless that person is a criminal or an idiot. Then it’s acceptable.”
Sherlock felt quite out of his depth here. Emotional conversations were hardly his strong suit, and this particular one felt like the most important conversation of his life. He didn’t want to say the wrong thing.
“You know I’m right,” repeated Mycroft. When he spoke next, Sherlock was surprised to hear he almost sounded genuinely remorseful. “Believe me when I say that I would not ask you if this was not of the utmost importance.”
Sherlock’s eyes were distant. All the light and easy banter between them at dissipated in the wake of the conversation. He spoke slowly and carefully.
Morning dawned slowly, and with the kind of peacefulness that comes after a long, hard week. For Sherlock, it had been more than one hard week, but despite all the traveling he’d done (not to mention all the puzzles and verbal sparring with his deranged sister, plus the constant threat on his life), he felt perfectly well-rested when he woke up that morning.
He would have thought the previous night was a dream if he hadn’t woken up beside John. For so long, he had dreamt of a moment where John would look into his eyes and say those three words, and for so long he had thought it wasn’t possible. Leaving right before John was able to say it two weeks ago, on their special night after John had gotten the sling off, was the hardest thing Sherlock had ever done. He couldn’t lie and say he wasn’t terrified that he’d lied about coming back, that he knew full well there was an excellent chance he wouldn’t be returning to John and Rosie.
“I’m also sorry for how I acted last night,” said Sherlock. “You confided in me, and I didn’t react fairly. Clearly this is something that has been giving you a great deal of stress, and I brushed it off without talking it through like you might have wanted. For that, I am sorry.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said. “I’m honored. Truly.”
“Four?” he choked out, then coughed to put his voice back to normal. John looked at him curiously. He added, “I didn’t realize it was so soon.” He thought he had at least five days left.
Sherlock wasn’t going to give Rosie a kiss – a small attempt at self-preservation – but then Rosie fixed her big eyes on him and he was lost. Ignoring the pang in his chest, he walked over and bent down to brush his lips over her head.
“What makes you think he’ll respond to you?”
cares about you. She’s concerned.”
The case takes a turn, and they find themselves on the wrong end of a gun. Sherlock could run through all the explanations in his head to pinpoint exactly where he went wrong, but he doesn’t because all he can think is
“Right, because you needed help with Watson,” he replied coolly. “Molly and Lestrade were unavailable, I presume.”
He should have seen this coming. When he’d asked Rosie what she wanted for Christmas, the first thing out of her mouth was her father. He’d been gone on assignment for three months now, and she was eagerly anticipating his return, despite not really knowing when that would be.
“That’s not the point. You asked why people say you’re a good person, and I gave you an example.” John took a deep breath and looked up. Sherlock’s expression was open, hopeful, and pleading all at once. It knocked the air from John’s lungs. “I hadn’t had a friend in so long, and then you came along and became the very best one a person could have. You don’t have to prove to me right now that you’re a good man because I already
“There’s a lot you don’t know about me.”
But then his mind flashed back to the candles, and he wondered if he was being given something instead.
Sherlock stared at the wall. Downstairs, he could hear Rosie’s delighted squeals and John’s warm laugh. He knew without looking that his things were scattered around the room as though he lived there, as though it was his real bedroom. John had even given him a key to the house.
“I observed. That’s all.”
Her cries began to subside, but they hadn’t stopped completely. Sherlock glanced to the door to make sure John hadn’t been woken. He couldn’t hear or see anything, so he took it as a good thing. Starting to pace the nursery, he spoke to her quietly, hoping he could get her to drop off again.
“Taking care of her,” he replied, looking from Rosie to Molly. “While John is in hospital. It’s the least I can do.”
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow, and John looked away.
Sherlock shrugged. There was something looser about him now, something resigned. “I thought you knew. And even if you didn’t, it was never relevant.”
Sherlock nearly said.
, he wouldn’t be.
“Yes you will.”
“No. No, don’t ever say that. You didn’t deserve – absolutely not.” John looked so hurt. “Sherlock. You can’t really believe you… please tell me you don’t.”
Relieved, and strangely happy. Maybe it was Sherlock’s presence, but he had felt safe sharing all that with him, safe in a way he had never felt with any therapist in his life. And with Sherlock’s hand in his, he was happy. Having Sherlock beside him made everything easier.
Rosie was sitting up in her cot when Sherlock walked in. At the sight of him, Rosie ceased crying almost immediately, and her blue eyes widened.
Sherlock blinked. “That’s my favorite meal.”
John’s eyes burned, and he pressed his face to Sherlock’s neck like he could fuse them into one person. Sherlock had a faint, unpleasant odor to him, but John didn’t mind. He could be covered in sewage and John would still clutch him just as he was now.
“What did you mean then?”
John nodded. “If you’re willing to tell me.” He licked his lips. “It just feels weird, knowing you for so long and yet not knowing much about you.”
Sherlock doesn’t respond. He can’t respond. Not anymore.
John's smile returned immediately, and he set off down the path leading to the lake. Sherlock got up and hurried after him. Within a few steps they were walking in sync, their arms occasionally hitting each other.
Really, it was a normal dinner spread. It wasn’t unlike some of the dinners they had shared over the past three weeks, with one exception.
“That’s awful,” John murmured. Sherlock merely nodded and pushed his shirt off. It fell behind him, trapped between the back of the chair and his body. There was a bloody gash marring his pale skin, though it thankfully wasn’t too long, just an inch at the most. John took a gauze pad from the kit and carried it over to the sink, where he turned the tap on and got the gauze wet. He returned to Sherlock’s side after turning the water back off.
But most of all, he was worried. Just the day before he had gotten rid of the sling, but a scar remained on his shoulder, a scar that would always remind him of what Eurus had done to him. Based on what little he knew, she was even more ruthless than Mycroft, and quite possibly smarter than both her brothers combined. Now Sherlock was off to face her, and there was a chance he wouldn’t return.
“Why do you care?” Sherlock asked. He’d meant to have it come out viciously, like an insult. Caring wasn’t an advantage. John should know that, especially if he was to become a doctor. Instead, however, it came out meekly. Pitifully. Sherlock hated himself for it.
“Wait,” said John. He leaned forward and set his glass down on the coffee table. “Before I forget again, I have something for you.” Sherlock was disappointed when he stood up and left the room.
John finally turned to face him. Sherlock twined his hands together, willing their shakiness to subside. His stomach felt just as knotted as they were. The words coming from his mouth felt foreign in nature, but not unwelcome.
Sherlock’s back was covered in scars. White lines crisscrossing the skin, forming a horrific, sickening piece of art.
Normally, he’d just pace his bedroom before setting her back in her cot. Tonight, however, he walks back downstairs. Sherlock must’ve heard them coming down, because he’s standing by the time they reach the sitting room.
The exchange – almost their final one – is never far from John’s mind. He has replayed it countless times, turned it over and over in his head like an old television program.
“But it’s because it’s been so long that they’ll finally get there,” Greg insisted. “They can see how much time they’ve wasted.”
John glanced at him, then looked away. “I guess I needed to catch up on some sleep.”
It started in the morning, with Rosie refusing to eat breakfast much as she had before. This time, however, no amount of cajoling and bargaining on John and Sherlock’s part could convince her otherwise. They had argued with her for over an hour before it became apparent that the little girl was not going to budge.
Somehow, Sherlock found this endearing. “Let’s go to the lake then.”
“When do you need me?” he asked. John’s face slackened with disappointment.
John eyed him doubtfully. His voice was thick because of the crying. “Good? What was good about that?”
“What are we eating?”
<><><>
care about other people. Because you remind me of my sister. Because you’re brilliant.” John shook his head. “I don’t really know why. All I know is that I do. And you may not be able to accept that, and that’s okay. Just know that I do.”
"It’s only for seven weeks.”
“How could I have known? I mean, aside from that first night, the only things I had to go off of for you and romance were Irene and Janine.”
“I know. I could tell. But you didn’t, and I’m proud of you because of it.”
"He won’t accept help,” Greg said. “He’s too proud.”
John shrugged. “I was intrigued. I know nothing about your childhood, Sherlock. I’m curious.”
“It’s your past too,” he said, which was true, even if it didn’t fully explain why he wanted to know. “I’m just trying to understand and learn more about you.”
It was all Sherlock in his mind. Every momentous occasion in his life recently could be tied back to Sherlock, even if it was indirectly. He was almost always thinking about him, and he couldn’t imagine a life without him.
John’s smile grew. “An experiment at six?”
The rational part of John’s brain knew this was true and most likely the reason Sherlock walked out. But the other part, the part that seemed to take pleasure in tearing him down, told a different story.
Within minutes, the sitting room was covered in wrapping paper. Sherlock realized far too late that he should have gotten a trash bag out beforehand. That was something John would have remembered if he had been there.
“Oh, but I am,” Sherlock declared. “For I have an idea.”
“I love you so much,” he murmured, stroking her little back. She was still small enough that she could lie on his chest, and he wanted to enjoy it for as long as he could. “I hope I’m doing an okay job.”
. He had always been his harshest critic.
John shook his head. “I took some a while ago.”
John lifted Sherlock’s hand to his mouth and kissed his knuckles. Sherlock forgot how to breathe.
“That’s not true.”
Dinner was, as expected, amazing. Sherlock’s favorite shepherd’s pie would always be his mother’s, but John did very well. For once, John didn’t need to goad him into having multiple servings.
He finally broke.
Sherlock looked away. He snatched up his mug and strode into the kitchen, leaving John to stare at his back.
John at 221B. Sherlock coming out to him. John realizing Sherlock was in love with him. Sherlock leaving the room and John leaving the flat. John avoiding seeing him the next day.
The fact that this was happening the day after John reached the conclusion that he just might have feelings for Sherlock did not help things at all. He suspected it was the main reason why he was so jittery and anxious. It would be incredibly poor timing if he decided he was in love with Sherlock just as something dreadful happened to him.
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to look confused. “But, I’ve said I love you. That should indicate what I want.”
“Look, I’m happy for you,” said Lestrade sincerely. “He’s good for you, and you’re good for him.”
Lestrade snorted. “You’re quite the social butterfly, aren’t you? Meet me at the Yard at one. If you back out, I’m calling John on you.”
“First,” Sherlock said, “you clearly know quite a bit. Second…” He frowned. “How did you know I wanted to be a pirate?”
"No.”
tell me about this?”
Sherlock set the pan on the stovetop and turned to face John. There was something in John’s eyes that confused Sherlock, and he was afraid to classify it. If he did and he was wrong, he would end up just as he always did: heartbroken and disappointed.
He wasn’t sure if he imagined it, but it was as though the lump moved in on itself. “Who wants to know?”
“I know,” he said. “I didn’t give him the opportunity to write out a list. But really, I would have been foolish to pass up this chance to do the shopping. I told him I would last night.” He frowned as he wove his way around a display of canned fruits. “Though I am seriously regretting it.”
he thought, his mental voice finally his own instead of Mycroft’s.
“Why not?” Molly set his plate back in front of him. “He’s itching to help you. He asked me to be put on the schedule for watching Rosie while you were in the hospital. He’d come right now if you asked him to.”
Sherlock’s mind had caught on “guilty,” but he pushed it aside for the present moment. He couldn’t reconcile his actions with John’s words. “But, if I hadn’t –”
He didn’t know what was wrong with him. Things had been going well with them lately. There were no more emotional outbursts, no secrets. To be honest, it was like as it had once been at Baker Street, only there was now a baby. And yet, John still found himself over-analyzing everything he said and did.
John blinked and realized his eyes were damp. He wanted all of it so badly, but he was getting ahead of himself. Everything was still so new, and he had to think it through before he started anything. For all he knew, Sherlock had given up on him and moved on. Considering it broke his heart, but it was a possibility.
“I have an idea,” Sherlock said.
“You didn’t wake me.”
“I have done everything I can to protect Sherlock from her,” said Mycroft. “He can handle it. In case you’ve forgotten, he spent two years on a dangerous mission and lived to tell the tale. He will be fine.”
Greg dropped down onto his bed, the springs screeching in protest. “Yes, but it’s the
John let out a chuckle that held no humor. “Of course not, because I never told you.”
He stopped himself before he could say it, but Sherlock swore he knew what the end of that sentence was supposed to be.
After what felt like years, thanks to the woman’s constant smile as she watched Rosie, he finished paying and gathered all the bags in his arms. He managed a terse nod toward the woman before fleeing the store.
Really sorry for the delay in posting this. There's an explanation at the end of the chapter if you're curious! I promise the next one will be up sooner.
“Go take care of your daughter.” Sherlock offers him a little smile and steps away. John watches him go, wanting desperately to pull him close again. Instead, he picks the baby monitor up and makes for the door.
That simple act was what spurred Sherlock into cleaning the rest of himself up. He showered once Lestrade left and washed his hair. The next day, instead of wearing his dressing gown and pajamas around the flat, he’d put on one of his usual suits and button-down shirts. He even wore shoes despite not actually leaving the place. He just needed to feel clean again. To feel like an actual functioning person.
Molly’s voice was gentle, and it made John want to yell. “I’m sure it’s not as bad as you think it is. What do you think you’ve done to him to make him upset right now?”
“There’s nothing going on,” Sherlock said, refusing to look at him. Instead, his eyes flicked over the menu. Nothing sounded appealing.
Sherlock was in the process of cooking eggs for the two of them when his phone rang. Digging it out of his trouser pocket with his free hand, he checked the screen.
“John,” Molly said softly. “You need to talk to him.”
Sherlock found his voice. “I wasn’t panicking, I don’t
Sherlock’s lips parted. “I never stopped.”
“How are you feeling?” John asked. The question made Sherlock instinctively scowl, though he answered as politely as he could.
Pink spots appeared on Sherlock’s cheeks, and he ducked his head. John didn’t take his eyes off him, silently willing him to agree.
<><><>
His offer almost made Sherlock halt in his tracks. Most of the time, people were telling him to say
you’re not.”
“Did you have a fight last night?”
A glimmer of a smile started on Sherlock’s face before it disappeared. He drew the blankets back up to his chin, his hands trembling.
“What have we been doing?”
“Would complete you,” John said, “as a human being.”
“Did you really not know you had a sister?”
It wasn’t until they moved into the sitting room and got Rosie set up with her toys that John finally seemed ready to talk. Sherlock wasn’t surprised – John needed food in the morning before he could properly approach anything that might require heavy emotions or serious brainpower. Sherlock used to find it exhausting. In this instance, it was a comforting. It gave Sherlock time to compose himself.
“Welcome back,” she said with a smile. John grinned at her, and even Sherlock gave her a wave. He’d never done such a thing before.
“Why are you asking me this now?” Sherlock doesn’t betray anything. His words are focused, his face clean of any emotion. “It’s been months.”
Worry crept up Sherlock’s spine as he took in each detail. This couldn’t be good. John hadn’t been like this in at least a week. He had been
“Not the point.” John moved until he was close enough to smell Sherlock’s scent – sweat and blood, a combination he was not a fan of – and dipped his head to try and assess the damage. “Tell me what happened.”
John’s smile widened. Looking at John for too long made Sherlock feel like he was going to jump out of his own skin, so he averted his eyes. “My turn then? Let me see…”
“Yes, for this very reason.”
have been the greatest part.”
He registered that he was lying in a bed, and that his right shoulder hurt. He registered that his throat was dry, and his eyelids were incredibly heavy, and his mind was swimming. For any other person, this would be a terrifying situation, and they would probably have a hard time understanding what was going on, but this wasn’t the first time he had been shot, so things came to him much easier.
He took his scarf out of his pocket and offered it to her. She squealed in delight and took it from him. Within seconds, it was in her mouth.
“Well, both.” John shrugged. “Maybe that explains why she is the way she is.”
Yes, Eurus does exist in this, but she won't be a big part of it. This fic is about the boys and their healing. It remains to be seen if she'll play a bigger role later on, but for now she's just off to the side.
Days passed. John tried not to pay attention to the amount. Then it became a week, and he could hardly think past the constant panic that pervaded his thoughts. He hadn’t heard a word from Mycroft since that night, and he couldn’t tell if that was a good or bad sign. It certainly didn’t help his nerves. He felt like he was a second away from fracturing and falling apart.
“What?”
Sherlock scowled. “I’m not going through withdrawals.”
Sherlock was watching him closely, as if checking to see if he was sincere. Then he nodded and turned his attention to the white bags clustered on the table. He reached into one and pulled out two cans of beans. Spinning on his heels, he approached the cabinets, halting about a foot away. John couldn’t see his face, but he was certain he could picture the look of slight befuddlement that Sherlock was probably wearing.
you.”
Sherlock’s eyes – his enigmatic, gorgeous eyes – flutter around the room. John’s heart is one pulse away from bursting from his chest. The flat is deathly silent, its own little bubble separate from the ambient hum of the city.
“But then why have Molly watch Rosie?” pressed Sherlock. “Why do all this?” He gestured to the table, hoping he wasn’t putting too much emphasis on the candles. “I don’t need that much thanks.”
“I could take longer if you wanted me to.” While the coffee finished brewing, he went back to his bedroom to retrieve his dressing gown. The empty bed just made him frown again.
“But was that all? The texting?”
“John…” he says. He puts all his strength into squeezing John’s hand. John clutches back and shushes him.
of her car and forced him to look at me. He only stuck around after that because there was the chance we were going to incarcerate an incredibly dangerous man, not because he missed me. Furthermore, yesterday, when he was here for his
His gun is still in his room. He could go grab it, but that would leave the risk of whoever is in the sitting room getting away. And if they are the ones with his daughter, he can’t let that happen.
“Of course, how would you know? You’re far too young to start tracking his eating habits.”
“For leaving,” he said. “After you came out.”
“Tea?” John asked, pulling Sherlock from his spiraling panic. Sherlock nodded and pulled the kettle off the stovetop. His back ramrod straight, he grabbed John’s favorite mug and made his tea just as he liked it.
He didn’t know where all this sentiment was coming from, but he didn’t quite mind. After everything he’d put Sherlock through, he thought his friend could use some kind words.
“Da,” Rosie said. John smiled warmly.
The sirens are closer now, but so is Sherlock. He’s so close. John is crying harder now. It pains Sherlock more than the bullet in his abdomen.
“If you’re okay with it,” Sherlock said, giving him one last out. John handed the stuffed dog back to Rosie.
“I never would have guessed.”
Her tone was so matter-of-fact that Sherlock’s heart shattered. “Daddy.”
“You’ve been here for a week,” said John. “That’s a decent amount of time, don’t you think?”
he thought. He had to protect Rosie. His mind scrambled to come up with a plan. There was no way to get her out of the house without going downstairs, and he didn’t know where Eurus was.
Sherlock pressed his lips together and hung up. Anything else Mycroft needed to tell him could be said in person. The room was silent, only it wasn’t peaceful anymore.
“Just look at you,” he murmured once she crashed into his body. He angled himself so she hit his left side, and he brought his arm up to hold her. “Soon you’ll be walking all over this city without my help. I won’t be able to keep up with you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No!” Sherlock said, his voice coming out louder than intended. Lowering it carefully, he repeated, “No. That is not my answer.”
“Please don’t!” Rosie chirped, still managing to be polite despite her clear desire not to be. She was raised well, though that wasn’t a lesson Sherlock had taught her.
“Oh,” was all he could say.
“Your sister,” repeated John, his words a bit slurred. “Eur-Eurus. She shot me.”
“Oh. That’s – that’s okay.” He shouldn’t have expected her to be at his beck and call. “I can ask Greg to come over.”
Sherlock’s arms came up around John’s smaller frame and pressed him to his chest. John felt Sherlock’s nose brushing his hair, and he nearly buckled over at the sheer
"What else?” John leaned forward, not wanting to miss a single word. Sherlock’s wariness seemed to lessen slightly, though he still looked dumbfounded. “How’d you know I want to be a doctor?”
“Daddy! Papa!” Rosie cried, wiggling in John’s arm. “Don’t forget me!”
He didn’t know what possessed him to ask, but the need to ask it was very much there. It was probably what fueled him to start the conversation about The Woman. It was
“Thank you. That was kind of you,” John says, far too late to be casual. “Though I’ve rather mucked it up now, haven’t I?”
Sorry about the little delay for this one, I hope to get the next one up sooner (but as usual, I make no promises).
“No,” Mycroft said, catching Sherlock by surprise. “I don’t believe that is what her plan is.”
“I don’t think you’ll do that.”
“No,” Sherlock replied without a second thought. “I was too young for that. I was just happy to have a friend.” He looked away to the window. “I didn’t think I wanted one, but I suppose that every child does, deep down. No matter what they say.”
John was trying so hard to be mad, but instead he was just impossibly happy. He still smacked Sherlock’s chest with his free hand.
In hindsight, he understood why Sherlock left so early. It was very likely that he didn’t want to face John after the awkwardness they’d experienced the night before. It wasn’t every day your best friend admitted to having a quasi-affair with the sister you’d forgotten you had. It was bound to put a strain on things.
Sherlock set his mug down on the tiny table beside his chair and stood up. He swayed a bit as he did, his hand reaching out to steady himself on the armrest. John’s heart clenched at the sight.
Sherlock looked away and coughed. “Yes, well, I’m sure you would have found someone to help.”
“You’re doing a real good job of convincing him of it. Blaming him for your wife’s death, keeping him out of your life, avoiding him at all costs. Well done, really. The man tells you he loves you and you leave without another word.”
“She shot you, John.” That got another sound from Molly. “We have no guarantee that she won’t try to finish the job. Until she’s caught, you must be protected.”
“John? Sherlock? You home?”
John’s lips quirked into a humorless smirk, like he wasn’t at all shocked that Sherlock knew this. He probably wasn’t. “Seventeen. Liver failure.”
he’s the only person you’ve been talking to – and no, Rosie doesn’t count – you can’t share your true feelings on the matter.” He sat back in his chair and crossed his arms. “Tell me I’m wrong.”
But instead, Sherlock took it all in stride. John only had to ask him once to get rid of the body parts in the kitchen cabinets. The next time he walked into the kitchen, he found it sanitized and restocked with food. Sherlock compiled a list of songs that Penny seemed to like and would play some throughout the day depending on her mood. He never complained about her crying, never scowled at her, and never made any snide comments about her drooling.
“After everything I’ve done to you…” John said hoarsely, surreptitiously rubbing his eyes. “How can you –”
“You bloody git,” rasped John, holding him tighter. “You had me so scared.”
“Sherlock,” John said in warning. “Don’t be rude.”
John sighed and stared at his coffee. He couldn’t even drink it while being on the phone. It just wasn’t fair.
It came out a bit more bitter than he’d intended, and John winced. He averted his gaze again, and something broke inside of Sherlock.
“Well, yes,” Sherlock replied, “but in the future she won’t be as… fragile.”
it. For the first time in months he hadn’t been waking up every morning to a crippling depression. Rosie seemed happier too, and John was finally feeling more comfortable with being her father. He was afraid that any change would disrupt it all. And what about his relationship with Sherlock? They had only just gotten back to the level of comfort they used to have with each other back at Baker Street. What would happen if he left?
“I’m fine,” he said. He didn’t even have to put much effort into the lie, because it didn’t feel like a lie anymore. Perhaps it wasn’t. His hands’ shaking had finally lessened, and the cravings he’d felt in the early days of his detox had gone away. “I just want to help. I
“Yeah?”
“Rosamund,” Sherlock said. “She’s – I think she’s sick.”
to have a sort-of-affair with? The odds of that happening were impossibly slim, but in the hours since John telling him about it, Sherlock had envisioned it happening no less than nineteen times. His brain moved too fast for him to keep up sometimes.
Sherlock looked at him, and John was aware of how close they were. It was just like the park all over again. He felt himself grow breathless. Under his hand, Sherlock’s fingers began to relax.
solve crimes. I can solve them without it. It just helps me solve them
“Bad dreams aren’t fun. I sometimes get them too. They keep me up at night, and sometimes I cry like you do. Don’t tell anyone.”
“No, I mean – yes, I will, but I’ll deal with it.” John stared at him, waiting. “So?”
“I have nothing to say to her.”
“She’s not the only one you’ve been failing.”
“I love you too,” he whispered. “I love you, Sherlock Holmes. I’m sorry I didn’t realize it sooner.”
He hadn’t been there since the day Sherlock came out to him and confessed his feelings, and the realization hit him like a bullet. The sitting room already held so many memories that clogged his throat, but to have that one be the most recent… it was a lot to handle.
“A promise is a promise,” John murmured. “You better keep it.”
Feeling his cheeks grow warm, John ducked his head.
John stopped breathing. His chest felt tight. It was almost like the feeling from moments before, only it was far more unpleasant now.
Sherlock’s brows were furrowed, and his gaze was even sharper than before. It took all of John’s willpower not to look away.
Sherlock thought.
“It’s… complicated,” he said. When did he become the biggest cliché in the world?
Sherlock swallowed. “Not this, love.”
He listened as the feet stormed down the stairs, skipping the last few steps and landing with a louder thud. A moment later, there was a high-pitched gasp from the sitting room, and he allowed himself a small smile. Then the footsteps started coming closer, zooming down the hall. He closed his eyes only to open them a second later when the bedroom door flew open.
“Then that means…” John said slowly.
It could have something to do with the chest beneath his cheek, with the arms wound around his body, with the soft breath that stirred his hair.
That only made John laugh harder. “Wow. That’s fantastic.” He chuckled to himself for another minute before looking back over at Sherlock. “So can I call you Will?”
