John gave himself a few quick strokes, and then reached for Sherlock's pale hand, plucking it from his face, "Are you alright down there?"
He made his way with purpose toward the bathroom, adjusting the heavy duvet over his shoulder, which he snuggled to himself childishly as the chill of the flat permeated his pale skin. He paused for all of a second before grabbing the handle of the unlocked bathroom, opening the door, and closing his grey-green eyes briefly at the steam that drenched him almost immediately.
. Sherlock thought, irritated. He was still intent on going to the loo and locking it, taking the time to pluck up his courage before coming back out in what were suddenly ridiculously small briefs. What had he been thinking when he bought them?
John blinked, rewound that and repeated Sherlock's words. "The human papilloma virus? You mean he's not...you just... Jesus, Sherlock, you can't just say something like that to someone..." John chuckled.
There were just too many of them. Distantly, John could hear shouting and wondered what the few other people who'd been in the park were doing - if anyone had called the police yet.
"Yes, I know you forbade me from looking at pornography and gleaning ideas from it, but where else am I to get my information?" Sherlock raged. "You've apparently decided I'm too delicate to be taught anything substantial. Sometimes I think you like knowing that I'm an idiot."
Sherlock's eyes dilated. He hadn't realized John had noticed him secreting Molly's lube into his belongings but now he was glad for it. He then flicked his gaze tellingly to the open curtains, where a watery midday light filtered through. "...Right now?"
Shaun, though, pressed forward, either not caring or choosing to ignore John's grunted protest, opening John's mouth with his tongue and pushing John's come into his mouth. His hand, forceful and implacable at the back of John's head, kept him from pulling away, forced him to take it.
John clenched his jaw, rubbing the feeling back into his arm and hissing through the pins and needles that followed, "Yeah, why? - You have your own bed! Why are you here?"
“Right, so. Your good deed for the day is done. Karma dictates that I give you a blowjob now,” John said calmly.
“……John? Why are you trying to infect my cut?” The detective asked slowly, a distinct grimace on his face.
John had never wanted to punch someone in the face so much as he did Jason in that moment. He reeled himself in, though. It wasn't the thing to go punching one's co-workers while still at work.
The third was a natural rush of concern, as he stepped backwards, whilst eyeing the damage Shaun had sustained. "...You…you should be able to set that yourself."
"You're a naturally impatient person, Sherlock. You like quick results and instant responses." John murmured. "You're...efficient."
He shuddered, self-hatred warring with fear until he finally got himself under control. He scrubbed at his face, squaring his jaw, refusing to give in to weaker emotions again. The sound of the door opening barely registered. He was sure it was one of the nurses, checking on him.
"How does it feel?" John asked, nosing at Sherlock's throat. Sherlock’s pulse leaped at the contact. "...Is it driving you mad?"
John strangled out a tortured whine and tried to shove himself against Sherlock for some relief, for any kind of friction, his damp, forcible hips causing the knackered mattress to squeak loudly.
Sherlock reached for the dish on the bedside table, munching on another chunk of pineapple. Between juicy mouthfuls, he managed a few words. "Anyone else of interest?"
"That way," John gestured, walking quickly to keep up with Sherlock's long strides as he set off for the fresh produce section. "There's
"I really don't want to argue about this right now," replied John, just as exhausted, before pinching the bridge of his nose.
John slumped, sighing. "What the hell were you thinking? Going off on your own? To a place like that? Getting yourself captured and-" He broke off, breathing deep, angry breaths. "And you didn't tell me where you were going. Did I really mean so little to you?"
to hear you swear," he said, slipping the tip of his third finger inside Sherlock, scissoring and pulsing painstakingly with the first two, his fingertips now wrinkled with the tight, damp heat inside.
It wasn't until midday, when he still hadn't heard from Sherlock, that John started to feel a bit worried. Just a bit. He phoned Lestrade, who hadn't heard from Sherlock in days. And Molly fretted when she told John Sherlock hadn't been at Bart's either.
Greg spluttered on his pint, blowing froth up his nose before he set the drink aside and tried not to dissolve into a coughing fit.
"But..." Sherlock huffed irritably, and poked his finger distractedly into the bulk of the cheesecake, eyeing his fingerprint plastering itself into the sweet cream cheese. "But what if he
"Is it loaded?" Shaun asked, on all fours on a sand-dusted canvas, his short dark hair scraping audibly against the sharp plastic. He bit back a breathless laugh as John bit down hard on his backside, kneading his fingers just a little
John slumped forward, spent after coming, and snorted out a short giggle. "Can't believe we just did that. In this fucking place. Where royalty visited." He giggled again, high-pitched, and Sherlock joined in, his deeper bass rumbling in the dark.
“Yes,” Sherlock said with a smile, taking it and then handing it back out again with a cheeky expression as he closed his laptop, put it aside, and shifted around to face him, also holding out a leather-bound journal with John’s initials engraved on it. “Here.”
"Bedroom." John repeated firmly, pulling at Sherlock's hand. He thought the taller man would resist him, refuse to come along…but finally Sherlock sighed and stood, meekly following behind John down the hall to his bedroom. John closed the door behind them and turned to Sherlock. He hadn't had a chance to close the curtains in this room and sunlight spilled through the window, dappling everything in rich tones and giving John a beguiling view of the wet stain on the front of Sherlock's trousers.
John slammed the door behind him, rammed the feeble lock home, and abruptly burst into silent tears. He raked his right hand through his hair before smearing it across his eyes and swallowed down his anxiety and anguish. He sniffed, stifling himself and trying to keep from going to pieces.
Sherlock's gloriously deep voice mumbled back to him, there was a very faint rustle of bedsheets, and then the detective continued. "Tell me you love me."
"I'm fine, no need to bloody check on me," he muttered shakily, still staring out of the sun-drenched window with bleary eyes. "I've not offed myself yet."
John needed sex. Lots and lots of sex. If he wasn't having it, then he was thinking of it, and John's thinking of sex led to him wanking...and wanking led him to wanting sex. It was a cycle, one Sherlock had observed the entire time he and John had been flatmates. John had always been in the pursuit of women he wanted to sleep with.
His peripheral vision was perfectly capable, however, of catching Shaun's gluttonous stare, and he decided not to hold back the little gasp that
"Um...yes. Yes, that's perfectly..." Sherlock trailed off as John, taking him at his word, eased the fabric away from his body, pushing it down his thighs and revealing his erection, flushed and springing up once free of the confines of the fabric.
"John, hold my hands please," Sherlock beseeched, his spidery white fingers grasping for John's. "Could you have sex with me without your hands?" he chuckled, his dark curls troubling a gorgeous pale brow.
..." John moaned, bucking into Sherlock's body reflexively, his body fighting against his desire to keep this slow and gentle. John managed to gain control of himself with another shudder and leaned down to mouth against Sherlock's neck as he moved his hips in a ceaseless, steady rhythm, rocking into Sherlock again and again.
He stroked at Sherlock’s clothed cock, breath shuddering against Sherlock's cheek. John’s cock was trapped between them, rock hard, and Sherlock could feel him restraining his hips which jerked forward minutely before he stopped them, groaning. Sherlock took two huge breaths, tensing all over, whimpering as his orgasm loomed closer and closer- and then it crashed over him. His cock jerked beneath John's hand, semen spurting out and coating the inside of his bottoms, soaking into the material and onto John's hand, a thick, wet heat and refreshing pleasure that made Sherlock groan as if he were dying.
The doctor immediately went into panic mode at seeing his flatmate's distress; his pained expression and the urgency in his wheezy voice.
. What the guy had done with his hands… What could he do with his mouth, John wondered, before blushing and realising that he was actually, seriously entertaining the notion.
?" John croaked, massaging his throat as he stared at Sherlock. "Inadequate?" He closed his eyes, fighting for control, and Sherlock felt a frisson of worry blaze up his spine.
"Sherlock...sweetheart, are you alright?" John asked worriedly, firmly rubbing Sherlock's aching shoulders and biceps, hoping he hadn't been too rough with his love. He'd thought Sherlock had been enjoying it, but maybe he shouldn't have left him tied up so long-
"Now I…what?" John nipped on his own bottom lip with a devilish grin. The smaller man rummaged inelegantly, and hypnotically, at his own crotch, grunting faintly as his palm nudged against his swollen cock.
things,” Sherlock said with a wide grin, smoothing one hand up John’s back as he nuzzled down John’s neck.
“Oh. Well then. Good.” Sherlock cleared his throat and sat up straighter, but he cast a sidelong and still semi-suspicious eye at the smaller man nevertheless.
looking at his phone, frowning at it as he scrolled, and despite John's best efforts, Sherlock's cock was growing softer and softer in his mouth.
"I need to speak to John Watson." Sherlock replied. He could hear his voice shaking but couldn't be bothered to care. He needed John.
"How does it feel, Sherlock?" John asked, his voice hushed in the dark gloom of their sitting room. "Do you like this?" John's voice made Sherlock's stomach flip and flop, and, embarrassingly, he felt a bead of moisture well from the tip of his cock.
John flushed, suddenly aware of the warm, sticky come on his hand, his cock still a little hard and plumped from the attention he'd lavished on it. And Sherlock's eyes, raking down his body, of course saw everything. John straightened his spine, cleared his throat, and turned to rinse his hand under the shower. He wasn’t going to be made to be embarrassed over having a wank. "That's not how it is. You were asleep."
"It's….it's….Sherlock…olive oil, kitchen...we don't have any lube, I've run out," John suddenly uttered, swallowing awkwardly, giving in and halting Sherlock's amateurish, slightly painful ministrations.
Shaun made a gesture of his head that was a bizarre amalgam of a swift, enthusiastic nod, and a shake of trepidation. A faint whimper caused John to pulse painfully inside the younger man. Biting back a curse, he adjusted his grip on the gun, sliding it further into Shaun's mouth. He blinked the sweat from his eyes, thrusting forcefully into the body in front of him.
"...Mm. Take me home," Sherlock murmured, half to John, and half to himself in an attempt at a bolstering, reassuring tone.
"Good one," John smirked, stroking through Sherlock's crisp curls with slightly tremble-y fingertips. "I tell you what, if this year carries on like this..."
"Did I catch you at an inopportune moment? I could come back?" the detective broke in smoothly, knowing full well she wouldn't turn him away.
"Suck." He ordered, thrusting into him faster, and the resulting wail was undeniably one of arousal, despite the underlying pain that seemed to taint it. Shaun flailed, one hand grabbing John's hair and frantically tugging at the short strands. John eased up his grip, allowing him a desperate gasp of air before cutting him off again. Shaun sucked fervently on the gun, bobbing his head and deep-throating the gun's barrel as if the hard shaft in his mouth was a sensitive, angry cock.
Sherlock huffed and proceeded to the next aisle, frowning in confusion at the potatoes, carrots, parsnips, and cabbages. He turned to John. "Well, where are they?"
Sherlock was outside the flat a little later with a semi-heavy overnight bag, smoking his third cigarette whilst waiting for his brother to turn up with a predictably over-priced car. Inhaling the grim fumes of his fag with true gusto and undisguised pleasure, Sherlock eyed the black BMW rolling down the quiet street.
, Sherlock thought warmly as he reclined back on the sofa. He smirked and opened his mouth to tease John about his declaration, but the doctor got there first, glaring at him fondly with the addition of a stern, pointed finger.
"Sherl? Was that...um...I didn't mean to...you know...freak you out..." he muttered, voice steadily growing weaker and more self-conscious.
Shaun stiffened, stilling his lazy movements at his cock. He pulled away from John, staring down at him incredulously-
"...Are you expecting something in return now?"  John smirked, sliding under the heavy covers with a gratified sigh. "Because I will get you something," he promised, rolling to face the middle of the bed.
"You've gone overboard on the tellicherry pepper. Quality condiments should really be used in smaller quantities."
“You should carry on." John said, nodding towards the mug and the rest of the unopened cookies. Sherlock proceeded to break the crisp little biscuits, increasingly excited and rummaging through sharp crumbs and grease-stained paper, his eyes alight as they took in the words of each and every scrap.
"Sod that." John hissed, careful to keep his voice lowered so Chaucer wouldn't hear. No doubt he had his ear pressed to the door, hoping to get some vicarious thrill. John realised, belatedly, that this could actually manifest in twofold results. Raising his voice, he demanded. "Open your fucking trousers."
Tenderness was going to do nothing for this kid – stark, no-nonsense instructions would. John eased back and levelled his gun, picking off a few insurgents with a couple of fatal squeezes of his finger.
John made to rise, a sudden gust of cold air taking the place where his body had been warm against the detective. Sherlock stopped him with a stutter, tugging him back down as well as he could. "N-no! Don't go. Please."
…oh, yes. I...yes. Yes. If - if that's what you...what you want. I mean, I can...I can certainly oblige..."
Sherlock was rutting against him, sleepily but with obvious purpose, his erection poking John in the back and little desperate grunts huffing into John's neck. Sherlock's fingers clutched at John's T-shirt, twisting the fabric and pulling John closer, whines starting to build up in his throat. Used to this scenario by now, John eased himself away, before turning over and pecking the sleeping detective lightly on the tip of his nose, using his hands to gently shake him into a modicum of bleary consciousness.
"I intend to." Sherlock sighed pleasurably, idly wondering if he could get John to fuck him later. He still felt sore and very sated but the idea held appeal- his tender muscles aching and pulling as John used him. "Must you go?" Sherlock asked, whining, hoping to get John to stay.
"Okay, I think you're going to last alright. For me to take you. One more finger, honey." John was teasing his ring finger against Sherlock's damp, hot entrance, when he stilled at his own words. "
Sherlock wanted to remain pressed against John, so comfortable, but his bladder was protesting and so he rolled away reluctantly, staggering to the loo.
"Sherlock!" John recovered first, face red both in second-hand embarrassment for Molly and oxygen deprivation.
"Stop!" He jerked Sherlock's hand away and, in a fit of panic, propelled himself up the bed and out of Sherlock's reach. Sherlock's fingers slid out of John's body and John immediately collapsed on the bed. "Fuck." He sighed, gazing blearily down at Sherlock. Sherlock looked like a parody of a naughty child awaiting punishment, and then flashed an irresistible grin, his eyes laser-like as he surreptitiously dragged a few fingers between John's cheeks, prodding possessively at the hot, soft pucker there.
Sherlock dutifully clamped his thighs together, crossing his ankles, mimicking John's earlier actions. He bit his bottom lip, feeling exposed. "Is this alright?"
Sherlock didn't say anything, content to wait John out, and after a few minutes, during which they moved up a few places in the line, John sighed again.
"-and Johnson still owes me money from that card game. You all remember, right?" One of them crowed and there were yells of assent and laughter all around the table.
They both jumped as the voices abruptly sounded closer, accompanied by animalistic, drunken laughs and yells:
"I haven't even - haven't even tried this myself." Sherlock admitted with nervous laughter, gritting his teeth and trying to unclench the muscles that would soon be breached.
John didn't deign to answer, just sequestered himself back in the barren hospital bed, and stoically refused to let himself burst into tears.
"I'd need to prepare you first, of course...if that's alright with you," Sherlock purred. “Can we get a bit...further away from…you know, real people," he chuckled adorably, nodding down the street. "I like it in the dark," he added in a guttural groan.
.' Surely that was a regular article in the women's magazines she seemed adamant on purchasing (and collecting. The earliest ones he'd seen in the huge stack in her front room, dated 2008, had exactly the same front cover headlines as all the subsequent ones.) Being able to please the potential father of your future offspring seemed to be a recurring feature.
John chuckled and Sherlock's eyes darted between each of John's, trying to figure out if he were being laughed at or not. He should have known John wouldn't laugh at him, though. "Got to admit it's a good thing you asked, Sherlock." John admitted, face split wide by a happy smile. "I was already planning on spending the rest of my life with you and have been trying to think of ways to make you want the same and make sure you never get bored of me."
Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath, feeling the beat of rejection like an anvil blow- before his mind leapt into gear, running through the conversation he'd just had with John. It wasn't a rejection. Not really. He now understood why John wanted to slow their sexual progression and
"If you can't bring yourself to have full sex with me after a month in this relationship, then you never will. Don't talk to me about 'time,' John. We've already wasted far too much of our lives without each other."
Sherlock treated John to his wonderful crinkly grin, and then promptly undid his trousers, pushed down his black briefs, and braced himself face-first against the cubicle wall, purring with deep and beautiful laughter.
John himself had been awake for a while, the lilo too uncomfortable for him to sleep very well. Not hearing any signs of life from outside their room, though, he hadn't wanted to get up and inadvertently wake Molly...so he'd stayed put on the lilo, and just...
John’s disappointment was compounded by the fact that his ever-observant, ever-oblivious flatmate hadn’t noticed it. “You’re a prick,” he said flatly.
"Is there a problem between you and John, dear? I've heard some awful bickering between the two of you lately. All that thumping around."
“No, I don’t really use it much – It’s been a while, as I said,” Sherlock mumbled and scowled sourly as he snatched at it to look himself. He opened it and eyed the contents, then sniffed it, before tasting a bit of it.
"Jesus," muttered John, taking a deep breath as he put his drink on the bar. He turned on his stool, blinking dumbly as he took in the image of Sherlock standing there, arms behind his back, face slightly scrunched up as he observed Greg with those sharp eyes.
Sherlock swallowed against the uncomfortable lump in his throat and rose from the sofa, following John through the flat and stopping behind him in the hallway.
"Yes." John breathed, sounding sincere, nipping at Sherlock's jaw as he pawed at his back, his arse, hands greedy and possessive. Sherlock's hips stuttered and he tensed, ready to come.
John looked distraught, staring at Sherlock in disbelief. The detective flicked him a re-assuring, bright gaze, and his secret deeply-crinkled smile, before squeezing John's hand tenderly.
Sherlock groaned melodramatically, ruffling his hair roughly. "Oh, Hudders. Let's just hope it doesn't all end like it did with you."
Irritated by the acknowledgement of his flatmate’s damp, pretty features, John sulked in the direction of his blog, sullenly mute. Sherlock tried again.
"Sociopath my arse," John teased him, gently pulling back and smearing tears from his face, taking a large, gusty breath.
"I mean...it won't be the same as...just now. It's too intense...well..." Sherlock muttered, voice lowering and darkening. "You know how it went last time."
Sherlock averted his eyes from the sight, his cheekbones reddening sharply, as if some invisible phantom had abruptly slapped him twice across the face. He attempted his
“You are a terrible man, John,” Sherlock murmured, closing his eyes and swallowing a few times, calming himself as best he could.
The burst of pride was short lived as Sherlock flinched as a raucous group passed them. "I'm not a prize stallion."
"Sherlock!" He growled warningly. "I know my own size, thank you very much!" At two pairs of raised eyebrows questioning him, he quickly corrected himself. "I mean...the size I wear."
"I think it's becoming a permanent fixture," John answered, smirking humourlessly. "Sorry to drag you out like this. I need a normal person to talk to. Well...you know what I mean."
"What for?" John murmured nearly sub-sonically, adjusting his position to suck suggestively at the long, stunning neck.
Sherlock's striking features betrayed an honest, extreme anxiety before he consciously schooled them into a visage of apparent confidence. A confidence he didn't feel- not at all- and he couldn't hide the thick swallow of anticipation he experienced as he spread John's legs. The sight was undeniably suggestive and erotic, and Sherlock closed his eyes, leaning down and suckling gently on the soft skin of John's inner thighs. John made a noise of contentment, throwing his head back and closing his own eyes, relishing the sucking kisses as they got progressively higher. His cock twitched as he heard the eloquent click of a cap being opened and the soft, obscene sound of lube being squirted into a palm.
There were a few minutes of pleasant quiet, the London-tasting breeze cooling the room with intermittent gusts, the TV humming away.
John was gnawing upon his thumb knuckle before he had even registered that he'd put it in his mouth. With a breathless sort of groan, he shook his head, "You have
"...Okay," Sherlock cracked his knuckles awkwardly before taking the firm, delectable weight of John's thighs, and spreading them, nudging his weeping shaft towards its goal. John forced himself to relax at the first brush of Sherlock's cock against him and when he pushed inside, he took a deep breath and sighed it out, forcing his muscles to relax all over. The head of Sherlock's cock popped past the first ring of his muscles and Sherlock jolted as if he'd been shot, fingers digging into John's thighs.
Sherlock groaned as John pulled away, slumping in his chair as John straightened and picked up the invitation again, seemingly not as affected as Sherlock. "Well. We've got some work to do before we go to this."
The detective sat up on the sofa, coughing suddenly on a sharp intake of breath. He squirmed a bit as he pulled his legs up underneath himself and turned to face his flatmate. “What do I have to do to get your penis inside me?”
"What do you want, Sherlock?" John asked, voice low and muffled against Sherlock's skin. "What do you want me to do to you, you gorgeous man?"
He heard Sherlock shift on the bed, obviously mulling things over and dissecting everything John had just said, trying no doubt to find hidden meanings in every sentence.
Sherlock could barely wait. He was practically vibrating in nervous excitement. He wanted John's semen on his face, he'd decided, and had announced it to John over breakfast that morning.
"Shaun...please just relax a bit, I need to pull out. Brace yourself," John added, with a humoured but mostly concerned mumble.
He extended one hand carefully to John's hair and ruffled it with the tenderest of touches, categorizing the texture and length of the silky strands in his fingers. He smiled as John unconsciously sighed in relaxation and made a sleepy, redundant move to get closer to Sherlock.
Sherlock cried out at the sight and shut his eyes, hands clenching on John's hips, desperately trying to stop his climax from crashing over him.
..." He kissed John's slackened mouth, peppering kisses all over it and licking his lips as he drew away.
With a quick, sinuous move that John had never experienced before, Sherlock suddenly had his legs over John's shoulders, and was offering a baritone litany of anguished begging below him.
"Is it working?" John asked playfully, spearing another forkful of food. He paused with it nudging his lips, smearing a tiny amount of sauce there. "And do you think we need it?"
"Nothing's wrong, nothing's wrong...God." John's hips did a strange, shivery grind against the bed. "It's great. Just...go slow, Sherlock."
Sherlock made a rather adorable, drunken-eyed assertion that they were both indeed naked, and took a deep breath. The resultant olfactory proof of John's previous, copious pleasure, made him almost woozy. "I...yes...okay, I can...yes." He muttered, thighs shaking beneath John. He then added, out of the blue, "…I can taste you in the air. Your semen. Your…cock. It’s beautiful.”
tell me," John laughed, coughing slightly. He groaned as he rolled to face his partner, and planted his other hand loosely upon Sherlock's.
"...Um..." the brunette let out, uncertain whether he was more baffled by the behaviour of his current company, or by his own erroneous assumptions ."...I'll just have...um...whatever John's having.
“Same to you,” Sherlock said. He moved to stand several inches from John, not quite touching him, and looked at him in intense scrutiny.
Sherlock skidded his left foot forward as he caught himself, standing up straight with a sigh as the slamming of the door echoed behind him. He felt flustered, the majority of the heat on his face centred on the perfect imprint of a small hand against his cheekbone. For such a small woman, Sherlock was surprised at the amount of force behind such an incredulous blow.
come so soon. He wanted to enjoy his first experience with oral sex, savour the build-up, not have it over with in a scant few seconds.
"No, ta." Sherlock mumbled, snuggling onto the lilo, breathing in the smell of John, and swallowing thickly as he heard the bedroom door close behind John, feeling crushed and unworthy.
The angle was a bit wrong to stroke Sherlock off properly but Sherlock didn't seem to mind. John's hand was wrapped around his cock and that was good enough for him. He heaved his hips forward, fucking himself on John's cock while dragging his own cock through the circle of John's hand, breaths panted and labored as he tried to do both at once, nearly incoherent with pleasure.
"You would know if you had been here, John." Sherlock muttered petulantly, eyes dropping to watch John undress himself with undisguised lust. "Hurry up with that and come get me off."
She bravely found her voice after only a few blistering seconds of devastated silence. "...I don't understand. Why wouldn't someone...I mean you're so..." Sherlock frowned at her, puzzled. She ended her sentence rather lamely, looking supremely awkward. "...Pretty."
"It was the first thing he...went for. I tried to joke about it. But..." There was a thick, audible swallow, and Sherlock's chafed wrists and hands tightened upon John's, as they hugged his chest.
Mrs. Turner's next door were certainly getting an earful, he thought sardonically, with a twist of smug satisfaction.
"I'm only human," John shrugged, kneading them firmly, smoothing his palms up and around them, squeezing spontaneously. "The most
The detective placed John's phone against his eager cock, licking his cupid's bow lips once more and getting ready to multitask in order to suffer an orgasm via his lovers' mobile. Ideally, he would insert it, but he suspected that drenching John's phone in silicone-based lubricant and then trying to shove it up his arse would probably be construed as a bit not good.
He jammed his cock inside John, panicking, and John moaned again, high in his throat, a gorgeous sound that made Sherlock echo it right back.
"Oh, fuck...Sherlock..." He heaved out a grunt, teeth gritted, and eyes closed, and shuddered. Damp, eager hips pumped against the delicious receptacle that was Sherlock's sweat-heated, tight thighs. "Close...tell me..." John managed to utter, on the absolute edge of ecstasy.
John coughed wetly, ignoring the hand and gasping. "You fucking git." He wheezed, streaming eyes glaring at Sherlock in the dark. He coughed again, spit and semen running down his chin as Sherlock stared at him helplessly.
When John woke the next morning, he had already reached down to palm his morning erection…before he remembered his rash promise to Sherlock the day before.
"No, I'm not." Sherlock hissed, anger and pain lacing his voice and turning it venomous. "I know I'm not and you don't have to
Sherlock gasped at the unexpectedly pleasurable lightning bolt of feeling the action elicited. It speared its way through his abdomen and ricocheted back to settle, throbbing and hot, in his testicles. Sherlock's cock bounced in his fingers, blood pumping hotly through it, and he bit his lip to keep any more rogue noises in.
"I'm very aroused." Sherlock admitted out of the blue, swallowing thickly and flexing his hips unconsciously, almost rubbing his testicles on John's forehead.
Sherlock snorted. "Yours wasn't exactly wonderful either, John. Why do you think I started making you eat so much pineapple?"
"...Yeah, just...slower." John murmured, eyes hazy as he rested his head back on the worn blanket, trusting Shaun to take care of him. He closed his eyes at the too-full, almost-too-much sensation of Shaun thrusting into him. He panted through his nose, feeling light-headed, as Shaun moaned, gripping John tighter and speeding up his thrusts.
"Your feet are cold." He muttered and John promptly stuck them between Sherlock's calves. He laughed, holding on to Sherlock as he bucked and hissed, churning the sheets like a restless sea as he tried to get the icy digits away from his sleep-warmed body.
He didn't kiss, didn't touch the man apart from his cheek to Sherlock's. It was the briefest of contact before John was moving out of the pub, but the doctor couldn't just leave. Despite it all, Sherlock was still his whatever-they-were, and he didn't want the man thinking it was over.
"Well then. Now." He nodded and gave John a tentative smile, eyes skittering to the tent in John's boxers and then quickly away.
He gentled his motions, wanting to make this good for Sherlock, not only to tear an orgasm out of him - as delightful as that sounded. He tongued at the slit in Sherlock's cock, tasting salt and musk, and Sherlock sobbed, his legs spreading wider, offering himself to John like a tempting buffet of carnal sin.
"I could have ordered a mushroom omelette from room service and gotten Vitamin D." Sherlock grumbled, dragging his feet. He was unhappy. Hot. Sweaty. John's passion for the outdoors was a rare strike against him.
“Shut up,” Sherlock rumbled with a curled smile, pushing his mouth to John’s chin and then helping him to slump onto his side, peering through his mussed curly fringe.
"If that's what you want." John said, breaking into his scattered thoughts. "It's fine, Sherlock. Whatever you want…it's fine. If you don't like this as much as you think you will...tell me. I won't be disappointed. We can do something else."
"Fuck...please...” John managed, "Are you...are you all right?" He asked, praying that Sherlock was, that he would start moving soon.
John frowned, not sure the detective should be laughing over what he'd just revealed about his former co-worker. "That he's got something- been infected at some point..."
"Take a wild guess." John grunted back, skilfully working his hand over Sherlock's soft shaft. Chuckling softly, he hoped the fucker on the other side of the door realised now that they'd constructed their booths too well. No gaps under, or over, the walls. A completely sealed and now locked room.
"S'fine." John gave him what he hoped was a confident grin but it felt more like a pained grimace. "You ok?"
John's face softened and he cupped Sherlock's face in his hands, turning him this way and that as he inspected him. "Come on. We need to get you out of here. You need medical attention."
"You're gorgeous." John teased, tweaking one of his curls. "But after today's stakeout I think we both need a shower." He kissed Sherlock quickly before trotting down the hall to start the shower so it'd be warm.
John gave Sherlock a dumbfounded look before his eyes narrowed, his face splitting into a delighted grin. "You never posted that picture. You just said you did to make me fuck you." He shook his head in disbelief. "You utter cock."
John paused, but ultimately fetched the biro, childishly twisting off the top and pulling out the ink tube, re-attaching the nib. Going back to the bedroom, he tossed the empty pen onto Sherlock's laptop with a loud clack, happy with his immature and peeving actions despite everything.
As Sherlock reached the point of no return, his hands fell from their slippery, respective positions, and grabbed John's hips once more. He yelled indiscriminately, a delicious amalgamation of deep-toned, forceful roars, interspersed with short, higher-pitched yelps of ecstasy.
"Fine. I thought...I really enjoyed what you did earlier- when you used your hand and your...mouth." John's eyes strayed to the object in question and, for the first time since his disastrous blunder in the sitting room, Sherlock felt faint stirrings of interest again. "I thought you might...do it again?"
"I'm stunned that you even know what a spork is," John giggled charmingly. "And I'm happy to ‘spork’ you, but you know that practically, it's best the other way around? Because...you know..."
They lay chastely, side by side, on John’s bed, breathing peacefully of the grimy, sun-burned air that pushed weakly through a wide-open window.
"Fuck, yes." John muttered nonsensically, stripping off Sherlock's trousers and thumbing down the waistband of his pants so he could reach and grasp Sherlock's prick. Twitching at the touch, Sherlock took a small step back from his doctor, making no effort to cover himself up. Instead, he soberly removed his shoes, socks, trousers, and every strip of fabric barricading him from John.
,' Sherlock uttered unconsciously, stunned at finally- after countless fantasies- being in this position…then jolted when John laughed gently.
"It's just...I'd like one," Sherlock uttered in a seemingly random non-sequitur, causing John to turn and frown questioningly at him, just as Sherlock averted his eyes self-consciously, his strong, white knuckles clenching distractedly.
Sherlock didn't understand why John suddenly snorted, his stunned face melting into amusement. His hand came up to cover his mouth but not before Sherlock saw the huge grin plastered on his face and he came to a startling and unpleasant realization:
John, though, wouldn't help him and Sherlock sobbed in indescribable frustration as he felt a particularly violent nip of teeth just under his ear, a few breathy exclamations, and then the unmistakable liquid heat of John coming inside him, groaning. John canted his hips back and forth, milking his orgasm for as much as he could inside Sherlock's body, shuddering with the raw heat of his climax.
, that was. John smiled at the sight of Sherlock sprawled on his back like a pale starfish on the bed, mouth parted slightly and emitting the tiniest of snores as he slept. The room was barely illuminated by a weak, watery yellow light from outside which penetrated the net curtains. The sun had yet to rise and the air held a breathless hush as the entire world seemed to wait for the first rays of sunshine.
Sherlock awkwardly pulled away, averting his eyes, realizing he'd said something entirely not good. "...Sorry...if...um...," he murmured, truly lost for words. "I was...well...I thought…"
"God, that...That's..." Sherlock winced a little as John's hands ghosted past a certain sensitive part of his anatomy. "Where do you want to come?" He asked abruptly, before feeling John pause with obvious curiosity.
There were a few beats of stunned silence before the cupboard door was yanked open and Mrs. Hudson bent over to glare inside. "Sherlock Holmes, get out of my cupboard this instant! I know for a fact Rufus Shinra's not a real person - he's a character in a video game. Now get out here now and explain what this is all about!"
"Oh," John wheezed, his chest rising and falling with a rate that might be seen as a medical emergency by a casual observer. "...Oh...you...
The door and its lock were incredibly flimsy at best and nobody ever actually bothered to try and sequester themselves alone in the shower room. His heart jumped with worry when he realised that his second question was,
"No. Thank god. If the Met can't get even simple murder right, I shudder to think of the future of our city." Sherlock pinched the fabric of the curtains between his thumb and forefinger before drawing away, wiping his fingers distastefully on his trousers. "This room is terrible. John. I don't know what was wrong with the last hotel I suggested. If you inspected this room with a black light it would light up like a Christmas tree with semen stains."
"Sssh. It's alright. We'll talk about it later, okay?" Sherlock nodded and John smiled crookedly at him. "My beautiful boy." He gently kissed Sherlock's lips, hand palming his hip. He softly took the hem of the detective’s hospital gown, and raised it under the sheets, lightly fingering the fine hair on his upper thigh.
"Fuck...fuck!" John managed, quivering violently as he rode out his aftershocks. Half of his mind was feasting itself on the delicious chemicals of his orgasm, half was dizzily constructing an apology for Sherlock.
“Play safe and try and keep the noise down, I’m going to take a nap. I’ll bring the stuff round later,” she said with a wink, before making her way downstairs, closing the door behind her.
“Good,” John replied calmly, before abruptly untying his dressing-gown and shedding it noiselessly onto the dusty floor. Sherlock’s grey-green eyes flicked down immediately to his doctor’s bare body, and he didn’t bother with the propriety that dictated that he should flick his gaze back up to John’s face, and at least
"Still at it?" John asked coolly from the doorway, raising an eyebrow at Sherlock's dark scowl. "My answer is still no. But go ahead, give the walls a pounding."
“…Aren’t I on the bottom now?” Sherlock asked in confusion, pushing his fingers through John’s hair in a constant petting and caressing that altered from lustfully clawing to tenderly stroking.
"John...you're so..." Sherlock's deep, grating voice caught and he let out another indulgent sigh, hips definitely pumping slightly now.
"Wrong?" Sherlock hissed, thrusting his hips into John's hand. "I'm surprised you didn't attempt to copulate with her right there in front of everyone."
John nodded goodbye to Greg just as the man started to urge Sherlock into a stool. The doctor looked over at his partner before stepping forward, towards the door. It was almost a physical force that stopped him, turned him around, and brought his face into the crook of the detective's neck.
"No, you're not fucking going anywhere." Greg hissed, enabling the door locks. John turned to glare at him. "Look, I know the two of you are...together now. Or shagging or whatever the hell the two of you are to each other. But Sherlock wouldn't like you coddling him. He can do this sting. He doesn't need your sodding hovering over him like he's an infant." He clenched his jaw. "So just...settle down."
Also, John isn't exactly fantasizing about his ex while he's with Sherlock. Maybe we didn't make that clear. We were trying to set up this chapter as a flashback so... Enjoy :D
"Ok. That's fine." John's voice was brisk and matter-of-fact, his taking-care-of-people voice, and Sherlock let himself relax at the familiar sound and slump back onto the bed, making a disgusted face as the damp sheets clung to his back and legs. "Sherlock...I'm going to change the bed before we sleep. There are enough body fluids on there to fill a pint glass. Try and take the sheets off, okay? I'll be back in a sec."
Sherlock, hypnotised by John's lack of self-consciousness, his open acceptance and delight in his own body's responses, started gently moving his fingertip inside John, marking out the letters of his own name in soft, sweet shapes over John's sensitive spot. In a tiny but substantial sense, Sherlock was marking him as his own. John shuddered, hips bouncing in time to Sherlock's clandestine ministrations, head falling back as he gasped for air.
"All that- what you said, why we should get married- that's all great. And yes, you're right. But...the real reason I want to marry you...is because I can't ever see myself being apart from you. I don't want to ever be apart from you. I'm...I love you...and that means that I want to spend the rest of my life with you. Until we're old and grey and senile. And that means I want to marry you and make it official."
"Sherl...tell me if it hurts," he managed, physically trembling with both an animalistic need to fuck Sherlock into the acid-scarred mattress, and the necessity to restrain himself until Sherlock was ready.
Even the brief, repeated little kisses on his fingertips, and the inside of his elbows, were curiously satisfying and made his heart swell in a way he didn't really understand.
Sherlock paused, still facing the door, and then took a deep breath, “Good,” he whispered, pulling out his phone and placing it down on the bedside table with a brief glance. “Ten seconds until midnight.”
Sherlock frowned, shaking himself out of his daze. "Of course I said John. Who else would I have said? John's in the process of taking my virginity- well, has been in the process, depends on how one defines 'virginity'-" Sherlock shook his head, not wanting to debate technicalities. "And I need lubricant so he can continue the job tonight. Why?"
John rolled his eyes, checking to make sure Shaun was ok, but did as he was told, falling silent while Shaun rode on the waves of endorphins and adrenaline.
"It's okay." John whispered in a deep, velvety tone which Sherlock hadn't heard before- and he thought he'd catalogued every single nuance, tone, and timbre of his doctor's voice.
John was gaping like a landed fish, his brows creased deeply, and his eyes confused. The shiver he suffered at the cold night breezes molesting him were almost an afterthought, as he stared at his lover, who was propositioning his bastard of an ex.
"Oh, I'm not saying it wasn't hard." John canted his hips forward, rubbing his straining erection against Sherlock's stomach. "But if you were the prize...it was worth the torment."
The next thing John knew, it was morning, and the intermittent tapping that, in his dream, had been hailstones against a car window as a T-rex stalked closer to his hiding place, slowly revealed itself to be the sound of rapid fingertips racing over a keyboard.
"Sher...Sher," John wheezed, his expression one of indescribable pain as he twitched and jolted almost shockingly through the end of his climax. "Fuck." He sighed, smiling dreamily. "That was incredible."
"All your things will be ruined if you don't move them downstairs, John." She said. "You can put them in Sherlock's room until we get the roof fixed."
Shaun spluttered, the grin slipping from his face and he took a step back from Sherlock, eyeing him as if he were crazy. "Wh-what? I- I thought you wanted a three some-"
"I'm not comfortable with this. How does that sound? Does that compute? And stop with the cryptic rubbish, I'm not in the mood."
"Asking how badly I suffered seems..." Sherlock swallowed once more, his tongue fiddling subconsciously with his wobbly molar. "…Bit redundant. Do you still love me?" came the frank, abrupt query.
Sherlock stared, uncomprehendingly, at the message for almost a full minute. His body was paralyzed in terror, eyes wide, heart rate kicking up.
– but you just…” He touched his mouth with his fingertips, still stunned and apparently unable to form coherent thoughts or sentences.
They hadn't even crossed the glorious and well-appointed front gates of the stately home, and already the doctor felt out-of-place and awkward. John’s eyes glanced about as they began to make their way along the long gravel path, bordered by generous, well-trimmed gardens.
"Sexy." He palmed the front of Sherlock's silk briefs without asking- of course, why would he ask a rentboy for permission to touch him?- making Sherlock jump and flex his hips away from the intrusion. The man's eyes darkened in unmistakable anger.
"Look, John, do you think...um..." he trailed off rather feebly, beginning to pick at the glitter itching on his wrists with apparent idleness.
' voice. "I keep my things clean, John. I always wash the after using them." Saying those words to John made his cheeks flame further, especially when John glanced at him, quirking an eyebrow.
John's heart broke a little more. "All right, love. Let's...why don't we start with a shower? You've still got glitter all over you." He smiled, indicating the tarty body glitter Sherlock had put on earlier. He also smelled like the man's cologne and he wanted to wash that away before he made love to Sherlock.
"He does. He's practically undressing you with his eyes- not that he needs to, does he? He's already seen you naked." And that was the rub. Chaucer, a fucking idiot with a posh accent and a mincing walk, had seen Sherlock naked, multiple times, and John...hadn't.
John's languid, ebbing pleasure from his orgasm, was rapidly translating into a faint but vicious panic as he cradled an equally shagged-out, scarily-silent Sherlock in his arms. Looking down at saturated black curls on a practically-immobile head, he spoke hesitantly.
Sherlock opened his mouth, and then promptly closed it, looking briefly surprised by his own lack of verbosity on the matter. When he did speak a few seconds later, he was frowning, and his free hand was gesticulating sharply as he struggled to elucidate.
"This might hurt." John warned him simply, pushing Shaun down onto his knees. "Nearly out of lube, and there's only so much cooking oil I can nick from the kitchens before they get suspicious," he giggled sweetly.
, Sherlock's mind unhelpfully furnished and he frowned, trying to form a coherent plan. "…Well...I quite liked having your mouth...on me." he whispered in the dark, his earlier bravado evaporating.
it from the storeroom. No one was using it. It very likely would have got binned if I hadn't rescued it."
“Agreed,” Sherlock mumbled, nose pressed into the junction between neck and shoulder. He kissed John there affectionately, rubbing his hand between John’s shoulder blades, and then pulled away to slither into the centre of the bed, resting on his back with a beaming, suggestive grin.
He was cold, gooseflesh breaking out on his skin and leaving him shivering. He wished he were back at the flat, bundled under blankets which were familiar and not the rough, scratchy sheets.
John shifted onto his knees, toy clutched in his hand, chest suddenly tight in sympathy for his suffering love. He didn't regret teasing Sherlock. He'd had a point which had needed proving. He'd done it, though. The point had been made. John had let Sherlock know he was angry and John felt, biting his lips as he gazed wickedly at Sherlock's long-denied cock, he'd punished him enough.
He could see Sherlock's excitement ramping up exponentially by the fact that he was only getting hints of what he was actually doing under the covers. The imagination was one of the greatest sexual tools, after all.
"N-no! I want it! Don't be ridiculous." He wrapped himself around John, laying his head on his chest and sagging against him. "Tell me.”
John himself had woken up hard, but he was almost done in by Sherlock's awkward words - as was often the case before they made love, the brunette articulated a blend of well-spoken pronouncements and a shaky, aroused wordlessness. John loved reducing his usually loquacious genius to that.
John smiled, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's body, and felt the taller man sag against him. "It's fine...well...I mean, no, it's not
They hadn't spoken to each other since the argument- Sherlock stalking around the flat with an angry expression and John silently fuming that Sherlock thought all he wanted him for was sex. Well. He was determined to win this argument, John thought savagely, jerking his hand away from his cock. He wasn’t going to let Sherlock have the satisfaction of seeing him fail and inevitably gloat about it.
John didn't know. He couldn't tell if he was ready yet or not but he moaned and Shaun took that as a sign he was, jerking his fingers out and slicking his cock up quickly.
Sherlock shifted on the bed, rustling the covers, though he didn’t move back or away, “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he replied with a small, unnaturally confused snort.
"I'm looking." John crooned against Sherlock's neck, his breath hot against Sherlock's skin, and Sherlock groaned, hips thrusting up against John. "I'm looking at you, Sherlock, and god- the things I want to do with you. To you. You make me want to suck your cock and make you scream. Fuck you against any available surface until you're incoherent and just
"One of the...one of the bloody fortune cookies," John uttered, scrubbing a hand across his forehead in anxiety, his face devastated.
John's ears felt as if they were ringing, his heart thudding in his chest, and he wasn't even aware that he was gripping Sherlock's hips hard enough to leave bruises behind. "You didn't."
Sherlock hummed and John could just imagine him, head cocked to the side, eyes squinted as he counted out the bills speculatively.
Sherlock, who didn't drink very often but had, due to nerves, consumed a few glasses of wine, was a little tipsy. He cleared his throat and gave John a smile. "
John accidentally sank into velvety wet heat another inch as he adjusted himself to scoot under Sherlock's body and do his best to begin to stroke him off, his movements erratic but enthusiastic. Trying to regulate his breathing, he frowned against consuming pleasure, his exhales sounding out in sharp, high-pitched gasps.
...you beautiful...thing," John whispered, overwhelmed, sweat stinging his eyes and his own muscles shivering from exertion. He pulled out gently, then managed to crawl to lie beside Sherlock, feeling totally shattered.
Sherlock hummed with his own laugh and rubbed between his shoulder blades again, “Good. I thought you might. – Had hoped you might, I should say,” he murmured and slowly rested his cheek against John’s head.
John bit his lip, playfully shoving Sherlock onto the bed where he bounced, comical in contrasts to his solemn question.
That was all John needed. He brushed Sherlock's hand away and, jacking himself, clumsily crawled up the bed to Sherlock's head, positioning his cock over his curls, cursing. Sherlock watched John's luscious, swollen prick bob and bounce above his face, hypnotised.
Feeling daring, Sherlock opened his mouth and pressed a kiss against the very tip of John's erection, swirling his tongue over the slit, tasting the combined flavours of olive oil and pre-come. He was rewarded with a rough hand suddenly gripping his dark curls, and a throaty sigh of pleasure that pushed him disturbingly close to his own climax. He gave a stuttered little cry, breath gusting over John's cock, hand still working over it-
John's slightly cold, wet finger circled around Sherlock's tightly furled hole, gentle and sure, not yet penetrating but letting Sherlock get used to the feeling.
"You manipulated her to get what you wanted. I know that sums up your attitude to everybody, Sherlock, but it is, in actual fact, a bit not good to flirt with someone else in front of your partner." John, his face blank, slid down his underwear, kicked it away, and settled back on the comfortable mattress with a satisfied sigh, putting his hands behind his head. Sherlock's throat bobbed as he swallowed, his eyes arrested by the sight in front of him, and he crawled onto the bed hesitantly, unsure if John was teasing him or honestly angry over what he'd done.
something I’d hear when people talk about male genitalia. Not heard one be called ‘lovely’ before.” He laughed and his stomach muscles tensed attractively, erection bobbing. “Yours is really quite nice too.”
"Is there anything else you would like me to do for you? Something...you might have done before?" Sherlock asked, his mind on full deduction mode, his eyes cold, his body unresponsive.
He groaned and pushed away from his microscope for a second, detecting a distinct chill on his clavicle and biceps and shrugging his loose silk dressing-gown over his shoulders once more, wrapping the cloth tightly around him before hunching back over his experiment.
"Make it sound like what?" John asked, rubbing Sherlock's cock through his trousers, his fingers dipping down further to tease at his balls through the thin fabric. When Sherlock's thighs began to tremble, flexing to either side of John, he began undoing Sherlock's belt and flies, pulling the fabric from Sherlock's hips.
"Use the...use the buckle." Shaun rasped and felt John draw back in surprise. He wanted to roll his eyes.
John was gutted and he couldn't choke down his groan of disappointment when Sherlock's stunning body was once again hidden from view. "Sherlock...please, let me see. We can..." he cleared his throat. "We can do it together."
"Sherlock-" He raised his head out of Sherlock's reach and the man began pressing awkward, closed mouth kisses along John's neck, inhaling great lungfuls of air as he did so as if he were trying to breathe John in. "Sherlock...we should do this...on a bed...n-not on the kitchen floor." John protested, his voice wobbling when Sherlock's tongue snaked out and gave the barest of licks against his Adam's apple.
A minute later, John entered the front room to see Sherlock crouched over the cat, calmly and easily nicking away at the rough fabric of the collar with a scalpel until it fell away, showing an oozy, sore necklace of skin.
"God...gonna come from this? Huh?" John panted, wincing when Shaun's fingers tightened on his hair painfully. He let him take the barest of shaky inhales before choking him again, Shaun's body tightened all over, muscles locking. John's own orgasm wasn't far off and he wanted Shaun to come first. John smirked smugly when Shaun forced his hand to tighten even further around his throat, a pressure that would make him black out in a matter of minutes if John kept it up. A sharp nod and a violent, wordless screech of desperation encouraged the older man to pump with wild abandon, a slippery, delightfully-disgusting wet rhythm orchestrating in the sandy tent.
Sherlock hated being confused, and his frustration was borne out in both of his hands’ frantic gesture at his head, scrunching his curls, his voice higher-pitched as he shrugged dramatically. "Then what? I don't understand!"
"I've thought about it before." John admitted. "Decorating that lovely, elegant throat of yours with red and purple bruises. They'd be so stark...visible...you wouldn't be able to hide them. You wouldn't want to hide them." Sherlock heard John draw in a shaky breath, then. "Want me to show you?"
Sherlock's face contorted in irritation as a delicious, happily apricot coloured London morning sun exposed itself beyond the slightly-grimy kitchen window, showering the flat with intense light. Sherlock blinked against the glare, trying to understand, his face a grim, frustrated portrait, clearly showing an inexpressible anguish over the whole situation.
"Come on," John said, taking Sherlock's hand and attempting to pull him away, further down the road. "Let's grab a coffee before we go in- come back a little later-"
wanted to…run my fingers through it – So many shades of blond, most bleached by the sun. Golden and silvery and flaxen.” His breath hitched as more of his groin was uncovered, and he swallowed, lifting his hips to let John pull his underwear the rest of the way off, freeing and revealing all of him. His growing erection sprang free with a soft pat of skin against skin, the rosy, gleaming tip leaving a slight smear of pre-ejaculate.
A thready sigh of resignation was the only outward sign of John's crushing disappointment. He turned and left them to it, not having been noticed.
A lazy, drawn-out hum answered him. "Yes, John." Sherlock sounded either drunk or almost on the brink of sleep. John smiled affectionately, wishing he were there to see Sherlock all boneless, debauched, and post-coital. Sherlock always got lazy after he came and John enjoyed snuggling with his detective during those times.
"...Coming," Sherlock warned with bared teeth, burying his head, with its beautiful mass of sable curls, against John's jaw.
John took a step back into the sitting room, voice carefully moderated but dripping with anger. "So you deliberately embarrassed me in front of my parents…because I have a
Sherlock optimistically pushed another two fingers at his entrance, wincing a bit before they too were engulfed, and he exhaled loudly at the pressure, struggling to keep his body from rejecting the intrusion, closing his eyes as he imagined the stiff cock that would soon be replacing them.
Sherlock jerked, yelping, legs kicking as he tried (unsuccessfully) to get away. He'd thought he was seconds away from being fucked by a deliciously angry Captain Watson- he hadn't imagined he'd be subjected to...this.
His body felt as if it weren't his own. Even more so since, a few days ago, the staff had decided he would be able to walk himself to the loo and back. When his leg had gone out from under him, suddenly and unexpectedly, John had been shocked. After the battery of tests, trying to determine the cause of his limp, it was found out...nothing. Psychosomatic. John sighed. Great.
The duvet that was damp and stained, crumpled in an ungainly heap on the floor, and John decided he couldn't be bothered to change it. Not tonight. Instead, he stretched to reach the top of the wardrobe where a thick, fluffy, scarlet blanket which Mrs. Hudson had given them last Christmas resided. He chucked it onto the bed unceremoniously and, chucking himself right after it, promptly snuggled beneath it with a happy sigh.
Sherlock nodded invisibly with relief at being given clear instructions, and replaced his slick, slightly-trembly hands upon John’s buttocks, rising to kneel above his doctor, and lean his weight repeatedly and firmly upon his palms, pushing deeply, penetratively, into the muscles of John’s backside in an impressively authentic Thai massage, avoiding putting pressure directly upon his spine.
"Could you...uh...put your fingers just..." John went quiet, flushed through embarrassment as well as exertion, and took Sherlock's languid hand, guiding it down and encouraging him to grip his backside as he began rapidly stroking himself with delicious liquid noises. He prodded the wet tip of his cock hopefully against the smooth, sticky skin of the detective's belly.
,” John replied with a strangled laugh in the darkness, attempting humour and sounding as mortified as he felt.
His quelling look surprised John. He saw the unease flicker across his otherwise happy, open face- and felt rather guilty at dampening John's good mood...then his arse twinged as the cab rounded a corner, and Sherlock stopped feeling guilty.
"I'm fine." He repeated, even though Sherlock could see he wasn't and, as soon as they were inside, John went straight to the sitting area, lowering himself down in a chair with a stifled, pained groan. Sherlock followed him like a loyal dog, kneeling beside him and resting one hand on John's knee. Uncertainly, he uttered.
Replacing them with shaking fingers, Sherlock flicked the switch again but the vibrator lay useless in his hands.
?! Wait......fine. 'Joking.' Got it. You're an awful bastard," John said, not without fondness, as he purposely wriggled and groaned and sighed in discomfort. "I'm going to snore all night and knee you in the dick," he informed him calmly, before flicking off the lamp and briefly seeing silver-blue stars dancing in front of him in the dark.
"Thank you. Really," John said again, clearing his throat and fidgeting with his fingers until he realised how audible the sound was. Skin against skin. Feeling anxious, he spoke as quietly as he could. "Can I just...um..." he trailed off wordlessly, but scooted his hand in the direction of Sherlock's chest, instantly finding his strong, thumping heartbeat, and sighing in shaky relief.
Sherlock's arse rippled around him, hot and slick and John felt his orgasm rising up sharply, way too soon. But there was nothing he could do to stop it. He gasped, gave a handful more thrusts, and sank as deep into Sherlock as he could, his testicles mashed against Sherlock's arse as he came.
"But since there will be gratuitous practice in the near future, I'm certain I can exceed the last performance and truly satisfy any and all of John's needs. I'm aware you already own three pairs of earplugs and you might need to be using them sooner rather than later - keep them to hand. John can be quite vocal." Sherlock smiled sweetly, giving his landlady another tight, impromptu hug. Mrs. Hudson decided not to bother to ask how her tenant knew how many pairs of earplugs she had, but relented with another warm embrace.
to know why I phoned?...I did say, 'life or death.'...or is that less important than your idiot colleagues conjuring little pictures in their heads of you being fucked by a man?"
"Let me clean you up first, sweetheart," John murmured soothingly, raising his voice enough to be heard over the furious rainfall battering the bedroom window.
"Worth a shot." John shrugged, smiling, and Sherlock suddenly realized they were too far away from each other. He leaned over the table and pulled John into a desperate kiss.
Sherlock didn't even bother to hide his disappointment, a small huff of irritation leaving him quietly. He sat up against the cheap, wobbly headboard, and glanced around for his shirt and trousers.
"No..it was...fine," he said, body jittery as it came down from his orgasm and John's teasing. "As long as you enjoyed it," The detective heaved, his pale chest punishing itself with gasping breaths, the milk-white skin covering his troubled lungs jewelled with warm sweat.
"Enjoy it, Sherlock," John smirked, kneeling on the bed and giving the brunette a quick, but hard and wet kiss. He pulled back and got dressed with alacrity.
He lubed his cock up quickly, before lining up and plunging inside in one quick thrust. He seized Shaun's throat, squeezing to compress his trachea, and the brunette gasped airlessly, putting up a token struggle just to feel how fruitless it was. John gripped him, hauling Shaun up close to his chest. He fumbled for a split second- Shaun shuddered- then pressed the barrel of the gun once again between Shaun's lips.
benefit. I may not even like pineapple." Sherlock gave John his sweetest, most manipulative, crinkly grin, his eyes bright and charming.
to do with my cock, ok?" John snapped. It was 5:42 am, he'd had a bad dream, he was sleepy and soaked and not in the mood. "Our roof has a leak."
Sherlock thoughtfully watched John buck and twist, his face contorted, teeth gritted. The well-worn mattress complained loudly with each forceful jerk of his hips into the receptacle that was Sherlock's heated, large, curled fist. He knew he wouldn't be able to get anything worthwhile out of John any more. Not at the moment. He'd teased his doctor too much to get any worthwhile information from him.
Finally, once he was sure John was asleep, his breaths once again even and deep, Sherlock huffed in abject relief. He began furiously moving his hand over his cock, desperately needing to come. His hips twitched up into his hand and he grunted as softly as he could as he felt the first, faint stirrings of his orgasm looming.
Filled with trepidation, gearing himself up for an epic fight that would probably make Mrs. Turner's married ones stare at he and Sherlock in wide-eyed disbelief the next time they happened to run into each other, John mounted the stairs.
John moaned around Sherlock's cock, slicking two fingers with the residual lube he could feel around Sherlock's arse before pressing two fingers down to the knuckle inside of him. He moaned again, because Sherlock was so open it would be so easy to just slide himself in there. John took Sherlock deeper into his mouth to the point where he nearly gagged, bringing his head back up and lavishing the tip with his tongue.
"Get fucking dressed, you amazing shag, you delightfully mad genius, so I can go home and sleep in a proper bed."
"Oh. Oh well...I- I guess it was n-normal. Nothing...extraordinary." Molly stuttered and John, never one to deny Sherlock, pressed a pad and pen into his hand.
shouldn't be enjoying this. John couldn't even pretend it was a woman in front of him, despite having his eyes closed, as deep, masculine groans echoed around the slick tiles. The prick in his hand, hot and heavy, pulsed, got even harder against his palm-
"W-..um...where do you want me?" Sherlock asked, the pink flush on his sharp cheekbones spreading down his pale throat and decorating his lean clavicles. John's gaze flicked behind Sherlock.
"God..." The screen depicted the curly-haired man licking his lips, clearly trying to clean up the white mess decorating his face. There were a few more pictures, him staring at the camera while the other man had taken multiple photos of his debasement.
"Hmm? Her? No, just being polite." John said off-handedly, his attention already focused on trying to decide between a few different cereals. "Which one, Sherl? And not to experiment on - to eat." He held up two boxes that Sherlock didn't care anything about. He tried to sneak a glance at John's crotch to see if he were aroused by his contact with the woman.
"Buy an electric blanket." Sherlock replied sourly, closing his eyes and willing himself to go to sleep and stop concentrating on the pulsing need between his legs. This wasn't like him.
It felt odd. Strange. But Shaun's choked breaths and hand at the back of his head guided John through it. He was glad of the condom when Shaun ejaculated. He didn't think he wanted to taste Shaun's come.
"I'll make it up to you," Sherlock promised, before seizing his partner's hand once more and tugging him towards the waiting cab.
Huffing with an unfurling grin, Sherlock flirtatiously turned his head aside, nuzzling at John’s cheek before going back for a kiss and submitting to John’s insistent actions, letting out a low and wet sigh. He pulled John in with his winding arms and held him with a tight, uncontrollable quiver, and John basked in their combined heat and the touch of naked skin. Sherlock’s penis throbbed again, leaking and rigid, and he nudged it up with wild tips of his hips.
," John whispered, his own heart palpitating painfully in reaction to his lover's obvious, repressed distress. He swallowed thickly and then seized Sherlock's beautiful, full lips in a hard, breathless kiss, clutching his dense, damp curls fiercely and tugging possessively, a tiny, burning sigh permeating Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock gratefully let himself be kissed, melting into the embrace and relishing the contact of John's lips on his own, which he'd had precious little of that evening. When John finally pulled away, Sherlock rushed to fill the silence.
"Just all right?" Sherlock asked archly, cocking his head to the side and rubbing himself against John's softened cock.
Sherlock made a moue of discontent- hating everything John had just listed off- but not wanting to argue further with him. He made to get up…but froze when John dropped the cheap towel carelessly to the floor and began sorting through their messily-packed cases for something to wear. Not finding what he was looking for, he crouched to dig through the bags better- naked and tanned and damp…feral, like something out of a caveman documentary.
Indulgently, John knelt up and tentatively spread his hand over Sherlock's bare chest, relishing the inexplicably soft skin and fine hair there. Sherlock's skin was hot, smooth, and while Sherlock slept on, oblivious, John made his own personal investigation of the scars on his detective's sternum and pectorals. He used his fingertips as sensors, transferring physical knowledge of keloid bumps and damaged streaks of skin, to his expert mind, sensing every injury Sherlock had sustained.
He didn't bother to hide his grin at seeing a young Irish man he recognised immediately. Shaun had trained with John at Bart's and didn't notice John enter the room. He was turned away from John, head lowered under the lukewarm water, one strong hand propped against the mildewed wall.
very much." Sherlock muttered mockingly and felt John's hand tighten warningly on his knee. Sherlock almost brushed John's hand away- he wasn't a child who needed scolding- but…it felt rather nice. The warmth and pressure of John's hand through his trousers was surprisingly pleasant and he wasn't about to cut off his nose to spite his face.
John cocked his head to the side. "Is that what this is all about?" He'd known that he wouldn't be able to hide his upcoming job interview from Sherlock…but he'd tried. Hard. Because John had known what would happen when Sherlock found out - Sherlock whining that John didn't need a job, that Sherlock needed him there with him, why did he have to get a job, no they didn't need money, eating was overrated, etc.
Sherlock, though, had no words to answer John with. He shook his head, hands coming up to grip at John's arms as if to stop him from moving away, wanting to pull him closer and never let go. He didn't understand how John thought
The car slid to a stop beside him, and the driver sprung from the front, bobbing his cap and taking Sherlock's bag without saying a word. Sherlock didn't wait for him to open the door for him but climbed into the back of the car, eyeing his brother.
"You prefer not to waste time on redundant pursuits." John offered, his eyebrows raising, feigning indifference but showing his hand by the telling, excited pulse at his tethered wrists and the quick flicker of his sharp tongue pushing against his thin top lip. Sherlock smiled, a slow, devious stretch of his lips, and he moved closer, suspending himself above John on his hands and knees.
Sherlock sighed delicately through the deep, penetrating throbs of his climax, and nuzzled aggressively against John with little sighs and wordless moans.
"You're a terrible liar, John." He said, fist still working slowly over John's shaft. John inhaled, body tensing, as his orgasm loomed, so close he could almost taste it-
!" John reached up and pulled Sherlock closer, tangling his hands in Sherlock's curls and mashing their lips together. The move almost bent him in half and John could feel his muscles protesting but the angle allowed Sherlock to go deeper, harder, faster, and he couldn't be arsed to care. He'd worry about it fucking
It didn't help that John, as he got dressed and followed Sherlock downstairs and into the cab, was relaxed and loose-limbed. Sherlock  couldn't stop envy rising inside his chest.
The detective pulled in a deep, dehydrated inhale tasting of the lazy heat and furious frenetic buzz of early-evening in Baker Street, before moving his talented hands back upward to knead skilfully up and around John’s shoulder blades, his trapezius muscles, and his upper arms.
!" John's angry shout was loud enough that Sherlock didn't think he could pretend not to hear it. He turned, affecting a look of surprise, to find John red-faced and irritated at the bottom of the stairs. There were suitcases tucked under each arm, two more dangling from each hand, and another three by his feet. "Are you going to help me or just stand there, you berk?" John asked, his voice muffled by the rain but since Sherlock was staring right at him he couldn't ignore him.
"Wait for what?" John asked, straightening and moving towards Sherlock, his fingers picking open the buttons of his shirt as he walked.
"Y-yes, John." Sherlock whispered back, hips easing themselves up from the bed just slightly, letting John know how aroused he was.
Sherlock's little, breathless declarations became more audible, and whilst John didn't exactly resent them, he now didn't know what he should be trying to stop first - the intense verbal pronouncements, or the heavy backside that was grinding against his clothed crotch.
"...It...it doesn't matter," John responded, his face wincing in an awkward half-smile, half-grimace, his dark eyes betraying the truth of an apparent deep feeling of unsettled disappointment.
Okay, something that occurred to me, and I want to see if anyone else noticed it/agrees, or whether I’m just sad and seeing everything through powerful slash goggles XD
Violently shaking with a series of wanton thrusts, Sherlock shifted with a low, fervent grunt, and the next push of his mouth to John’s neck was followed by a sucking bite. Abruptly possessive and eager, he bruised and marked John as they slipped dangerously on the edge of the creaking bed, and John became instantly aware of the hard, hot, twitching shape of Sherlock’s erection as it was dragged up his hip.
Sherlock wisely chose not to comment, pushing the correct floor and plunging them into silence. The burden on his chest, which had descended over him when John had got stabbed, was getting worse. The soundlessness between them was oppressive. John nudged his right hand towards Sherlock's and squeezed one of his fingers briefly, like a toddler grounding itself to its mother.
"You haven't climaxed yet," Sherlock noted, his pants still around his thighs, semen dribbled around his cock, looking flushed and debauched. John had never seen him look sexier.
"Jesus." John breathed, looking torn…before shaking his head. "No - I mean, yes. Ok, Christ yes. But…but just wait...I've something planned for next week. Ok?"
There was a faint noise from Sherlock that John, even without seeing his lover's face, knew constituted a giggle - even with his mouth full.
." He gestured at his stiff shoulder where he'd been stabbed. "Remember? You stuck around even when I couldn't do everything like usual. So no, I'm not leaving. Just get that thought out of your head. "
Squinting, he snuggled as best he could into the hospital covers, eyeing the cold white bedside table, the harsh, bare hospital walls, and the conspicuous lack of John, which was fogging his dizzy eyesight more than anything else.
After a few cursory questions for the staff, which seemed to John and Lestrade to be random and irrelevant, Sherlock swept into the crime scene. He had trouble concentrating on the body that laid on the therapy table, though, keeping one eye on John all the while. Observing the way he laughed with Lestrade at the periphery of the room, making plans with him for later in the week- pub, blah blah blah. Normal...but Sherlock was suddenly on edge. Would John try and have it off with Lestrade? If he weren’t supplied with ample, vigorous, pleasing sex at home on a regular basis…would John seek it from the next likely source? Someone he worked with?
Sherlock rushed into the living room, obediently sinking into his armchair and watched as John stalked towards him, looking like a wicked but short avenging angel. He straddled Sherlock with a grunt, legs bracketing to each side of Sherlock's own, and palmed himself through his jeans. He groaned, eyes falling shut, and every coherent thought evaporated from Sherlock's mind as John squirmed on his lap, grinding his erection against Sherlock’s.
John left the still fuzzy-visioned detective splayed like a starfish on the bed in order to stroll to the bathroom, quickly clean himself up, and dampen a few flannels for Sherlock.
"Sherl, what if I can't," he panted, licking warm sweat from his top lip, beginning to ride Sherlock as hard as he could, teeth gritted, stomach muscles screaming with effort, and a juicy, visceral slap of flesh sounding every half-second.
"Yes." Sherlock said, sliding off the bed and pulling on a robe. "I thought...you might like a cup of tea."
"I think we need a new rule." John said, smiling ruefully at Sherlock. "You are not allowed to watch porn."
, he decided, drawing himself up and shaking away the bad memories. He wouldn't think of that. Not right now. Now, he was safe. He was with John. John who loved him. John who was taking care of him with infinite tenderness, smiling up at him rather wickedly as he did so.
"Think it's ove-" He cut off with a scream and the whine of a bullet followed by the meaty sound of it embedding itself in human flesh. Blood flowed freely from the wound and John hurried to staunch it, not wanting to see the kid bleed out on his watch.
Sherlock struggled through another deep inhale, before enunciating in his beautiful, rumbling, now-wrecked baritone, "I...need to come, John. Or I'm going to die."
!" Mrs. Watson cried, holding out her hands and pulling John into a crushing, motherly hug. She was a short woman, plump, with curly blonde hair shot with grey. Nicely done make-up concealed her age but her lips were thin, just like John's. And, also just like John's, seemed to always be smiling.
"So...who is she? It might help me, you know...figure out what's wrong," she added hastily, fiddling with her sleeves.
Still, his phone calls were going unanswered, and his texts were getting no responses. He was trying not to seem paranoid and naggy, but this was Sherlock. Whereas a normal person might feasibly lose track of time, they certainly wouldn't end up on top of a London bus, gripping the edge like Spiderman, oyster card clenched between imperfect teeth (that had definitely been a memorable occasion). John wouldn't put anything past his reckless lover.
Sherlock’s own cock pulsed irritably, demanding attention, especially when it was very aware that the eye-to-dick image that was being delivered, was of a very ripe, soft, dark receptacle that it would be criminal to ignore.
"What?" Sherlock's eyes snapped open in surprise and he watched as John palmed his bare thighs, not seeming to notice the unmanly lack of hair.
John's footsteps paused for interminable seconds, then started again, this time in the direction of the sofa. Sherlock's heart rate kicked up and every hair on his body seemed attuned to John like a lightning rod.
John stirred again, turning onto his back and throwing his head back, revealing the strained line of his neck. Sherlock choked, gasped, unable to stop himself, not when he was so close- he couldn't stop-
Sherlock spilled between them, warm wetness spreading across John's hand. Behind him, the heart monitor had picked up speed, beeping erratically, and John knew in a few seconds a nurse was sure to come in and check on the patient. He didn't stop stroking Sherlock, wringing the rest of the orgasm out of him as he bucked against him.
"Sh..fuck..." John grasped Sherlock's thighs, pressing them even closer together, sandwiching his cock hotly between them, and starting thrusting again, the pulse jumping erratically at the side of his throat. He groaned faintly, a few tiny beads of sweat decorating his brow, and he slowed his thrusts once more, relishing the tight heat of Sherlock's clenched thighs. "Oh, god...Sh..So good...tight...like I'm..." John babbled breathlessly.
"Would you be placing the stitches?" He cocked his head teasingly to the side. John shook his head, not willing to hurt Shaun that much, unable to believe Shaun would want him to.
, aware of John's eyes watching him acutely. His long fingers scraped noisily on the well-worn leather of the sofa, before he realized the action would signify and betray his desperation. Sherlock gulped hard, his long, delectable throat bobbing. He stilled his hands but couldn't help a few struggled, wheezy breaths leaving his lungs as John gave a twisting pull at his cock, the movement making his skin break out in goosebumps.
John chuckled, and went back to his tea, calling enigmatically over his shoulder. “Did you manage to delete it?”
Bending his legs up as he spread them further, Sherlock adjusted himself and cradled John’s head and neck, “Mm?” he hummed.
!" John cursed and suddenly the fingers in Sherlock's curls were yanking his head back as thick ropes of come spurted from John's cock, narrowly missing Sherlock's face. Sherlock stared at the opaque pools of semen collecting on John's skin, grinning, triumphant. He winced as John continued to yank at his hair, though, hips bucking and head thrown back as he rode the waves of his climax. Just as the grip became too painful and Sherlock opened his mouth to protest, the fingers relaxed, and John blinked open dazed eyes, breathing out an apology.
He started slightly when the brunette pulled away, breathing heavily. Twisting his head round awkwardly, he sae Sherlock gripping himself tight, jaw clenched determinedly, eyes distant as he fought to ground himself and postpone his threatening climax.
“Not that I’ve been aware of, no – You merely turn over and embrace me. Perhaps murmur a little but it’s incoherent and muffled by my hair most of the time,” Sherlock told him, blatantly enjoying the touches by the way he inched closer and pressed his forehead to John’s neck, tickling him with silky, warm ringlets.
John suddenly shifted on the bed, body moving restlessly beneath the sheets, and Sherlock went instantly still.
"John, could you...maybe...take something off?" Sherlock managed, closing his eyes in a brief attempt at attaining sensible thought whilst being unfairly attacked by physiological desire.
"Sherlock- you're not-" John grasped his hips, preventing him from impaling himself down on his cock. "I don't even have anything on my dick yet."
"Oh." Sherlock huffed, closing his eyes, unable to look because if he looked he would imagine and if he imagined... He whimpered, fisting his hand even more tightly in the sheets, trying to ignore his pulsing erection.
"I would just enjoy it," John shrugged, speaking frankly, in the dim light. “Do you..." His face contorted anxiously, brow furrowing. "Sorry...forget it...if you don't want it."
"…Not...exactly." She said, glancing between John and the phone. "You..uh..have a call. It's your...boyfriend?"
"Sherlock...is it happening?" John asked his partner deliriously after briefly pausing his oral ministrations, his dark blue eyes dilated, teeth gnawing on his bottom lip in joyful anticipation.
“Yes…yes,” Sherlock replied and extended both arms backward to grip John, clawing at the skin there and leaving lines of pale red in his wake. “
, as he pumped harder into his lover, eyes bright and gleeful as John began to buck. His arm ached with effort but he managed to speed up even more, laughing with heady intoxication. All thoughts of going back to celibacy or that this was all a bad idea were banished forever from Sherlock's mind. He was
The idea of a shower, even one with barely any water pressure and tepid water, made him almost ache with want and he hurriedly shucked off the rest of his clothing. It'd been a long day. Over ten soldiers had been brought in with heat stroke, dehydration (drinking too much clandestine alcohol and not enough water), and one with an injury he'd blushingly refused to disclose, instead waiting until John closed the thin curtains around them before dropping his trousers and turning around.
In a flurry of movement, John bit Sherlock's pale neck and groped him hard through his trousers, not surprised to find a more-than-eager penis straining fruitlessly against extortionate fabric.
"Oh, Sherlock. That's not nice. Not the way to start a brand new, shiny year. If you don't cheer up and come out, I'm coming in there."
“Yes!” Sherlock answered happily, seemingly relieved. “Yes. And it can be just like before and I won’t have lost my mind.”
John took the hand which subconsciously eased into his, once Sherlock had finished eating and was sipping his tea, taking a breather from his monologue.
"Oh, well....that's...that's very nice, isn't it?" Mrs. Hudson tried to muffle her giggles as she looked from Sherlock, who beamed at the praise, to John who looked fit to murder his lover, whether he'd come the hardest in his life or not.
Sherlock watched John leave in stunned disbelief for all of three seconds before his mind caught up with what John had said. He leapt from the couch and wobbled, on shaky, unsteady legs, after his doctor.
The detective tried to regain his composure as subtly and elegantly as he could. He stoically stared out across the grey Thames, as he sat tall on an age-soft bench near Tower Bridge. They were in a curious little nook right beside the main thoroughfare, that was shrouded with thick, dark foliage, and whose only real attraction was a lofty Victorian lamppost. People buzzed past them with non-stop, chaotic regularity, but they had remained unmolested. They had long since found that they seemed to attract far less attention when they weren’t actively trying to avoid it.
"Yeah, you just go ahead, I'll wait out here. Not my kind of place." He explained, letting go of Sherlock's hand.
"I know. It's just...more the idea..." John muttered, still walking, his legs pumping and Sherlock strode along behind, wondering where they were going and what John had in mind. He staggered through a few brambles and soggy, bare areas of mud as John led him purposefully towards an unwelcoming looking thicket of vegetation in the distance. A group of kids were playing frisbee nearby the little copse, their parents overseeing the proceedings and cooing congratulations loudly with every toss.
“You’re talking like you hate him.” She had things to do and places to be, but it wasn’t often that Sherlock felt the need to vent himself of intense emotions like this, usually in the most cantankerous and dramatic way possible. He unfailingly went to a lot of effort to construct an ‘accidental’ situation whereby his landlady might be around for him to talk at. She knew he barely listened to what she actually said to him, but he seemed to need somebody else’s sentences to bounce his own thoughts off of as he processed them audibly.
He had no choice but to rest a lot of his weight upon Sherlock's lithe, healing back, which was radiating incredible amounts of heat. Calf muscles straining as his feet sought purchase on the bed, John started fucking him erratically.
"God, Sherlock," he muttered, staring up at the predatory-looking brunette in the sticky grey gloom, anticipation weighing hot and heavy within his body. Sherlock's eyes snapped to John's face and he took in the hopeful, aroused expression on his new lover's face. With deliberation, Sherlock placed his hand on the center of John's chest and dragged it down to his hips. John sighed, arching, and his cock pulsed again.
"So...in with two?" John asked, his arm jerking at the tickling sensation of Sherlock's fingers, and his scar giving a ghostly sort of throb as the damaged nerves at the junction of his shoulder tried to figure out if he was feeling pleasure or pain.
in listening to anything that was being said. Mrs. Watson, though nice and pleasant, wasn't a woman who had a lot of anything to say. Nothing that would hold Sherlock's interest, anyway. She bored them all with talk of her friends, John's old school friends and what they were doing, and an unnecessarily detailed account of Mr. Watson's last doctor's appointment where (unsurprisingly) nothing had turned out to be wrong with him.
"Come on." John encouraged, wrapping his hand around Sherlock's and moving their fists over the aching flesh. "Come on, Sherlock. I want to see you come, love."
Mycroft was about to expound his directions, when Sherlock's phone beeped, and the detective's face flinched with the briefest, yet telling pang of nervousness. Mycroft smirked, watching smugly as his little brother blushed and thumbed through the message that was undoubtedly from John.
." John hissed, finally spinning around and giving Shaun an angry glare. "I saw you earlier. All right? You and Wilkins? And then you come to me and...what? Want me to toss you off? Go find Wilkins and get him to."
"It’s fair, love. I’m still going without sex and I'm still proving a point. But just because I’m going without…doesn’t mean you have to." John's hand moved another inch closer to Sherlock's cock, a spurt of pre-come weeping from the tip. Sherlock very quickly made up his mind.
"John. Help me. Fill it up." Sherlock took up another armful before noting John's incredulous face. He sighed. "I don't understand why you're looking so…put out.
ninja, John! Like...a cartoon...like those...tortoises...") disappeared downstairs, John allowed himself to grin in the dark, hugging his pillow to himself. He chuckled and reached between his legs, his own cock hard from listening to Sherlock's impromptu wank session.Still grinning, he began jacking himself hurriedly, breathing heavily.
Sherlock giggled, happy and relieved in his own way. His sudden and relentless seizure of John's hair was marred slightly by the fact that there wasn't quite enough of it to get a very good grip on, but it was enough for him to drag John down for a disgusting, delicious snog. John yelped, struggling to get away, and when he finally managed it, his own face was smeared with semen. He could taste it in his mouth, the smell cloying and musky in his nose.
!" Sherlock's body spasmed as his orgasm crested suddenly, more powerful than he'd expected after being held back for so long. He muffled his shout against his hand, his throat burning with the effort of holding back, though a couple of sharp, loud whimpers forced themselves from him. Actual tears prickled his eyes at the overwhelming sensation as he emptied himself into John's mouth. It was unbearable.
Though John was extremely tempted to see how far he could push this extraordinary sensitivity, John managed to pull back, resting his digits instead on Sherlock's lean hip, "Has it...been a while?" he asked carefully, voice kept at a low and soothing pitch.
John let out a few telling, gusty exhales before leaning down to kiss Sherlock briefly. "I still need to go slow, sweetheart."
Sherlock arched his back, breathing turning unsteady. "But that's not...that's not...what I want..." His fingernails, where he was holding himself open for John, tightened, going white. "Please...want you inside me..."
Clothed in John’s favourite purple shirt and trousers, resplendent in his sharp shoes, and soft, newly-manoeuvred dark curls, Sherlock settled himself with envious regality at the table. John sat across from him. Illuminated by candlelight, and Sherlock kept being distracted from eating by watching the way John's eyes twinkled in the light, the way the strands of grey in his hair glinted. John's weathered face was notably flushed, and he kept his gaze down as he munched his Pad Thai hungrily, a beansprout hanging delectably from his thin bottom lip before he sucked it up with a wonderfully dirty-sounding slurp.
He lost himself for a few moments, still grasping the sheet, imagining all the different things he could do the next day to make his shoulders hurt and remind him, over and over, of all the debauched things he and John had done.
"Maybe not." Sherlock grinned, sliding his foot beneath the table until it encountered John's leg. John narrowed his eyes as Sherlock toed off his shoe and inched his socked foot up, up, up John's leg. John couldn't help giggling, his face creasing in honest amusement as he tried to maintain his sultry composure while Sherlock’s toes kneaded at his thigh.
"…I can't see," Sherlock uttered rather pathetically, hands gripping at John's shoulders to anchor himself.
Sherlock could hardly take his eyes from John, who lay beside him, reeking of sex, and exertion, and glorious pleasure. His doctor's ashen hair was wet, mangled, his dark blue eyes were dilated, and deliriously happy. John panted beside him, and the image dislodged the mental screenshot of Machu Picchu in his Mind Palace, as the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.
As the last of his orgasm faded, Sherlock, quietly panting, stared at John in dread, knowing he'd been too loud. He waited for his new boyfriend to wake up and discover him there- on his arse on the floor, his hand still wrapped stickily around his cock, his crotch covered in come.
John sighed, reluctantly allowing himself to smirk. "Ha ha, Sherlock. Even you wouldn't go that far. I've got to work…we'll fight later," he promised.
"I think you've got what I need. How about...a blow job? And then I want to fuck you into that bed until you're screaming. Sound good to you, slut?"
"I asked you to deduce her, for my entertainment. Tell you what...I'll have a go first, and then you can do yours. If I'm wrong, you can go ahead with whatever you were planning in that pretty head when you started dragging me off to the servant's quarters," John said sternly, before his face crinkled into a loving, clownish grin.
Sherlock gasped, mindlessly bucking his hips forward, driving his cock into John in one hard slide. He groaned, tortured, at the rare feeling of the tight, wet heat of John's body clasped around him and Sherlock instantly set up a harsh, pounding rhythm, thoughtlessly rutting, hard and fast, into that slick hotness. Little shuddering cries slipped from his mouth as white, hot arousal surged in his body, climbing higher and higher.
"Ung...Sherlock...oh Jesus..." John gasped, rocking his hips up to meet Sherlock's perky arse before biting back a moan. Sherlock continued to whisper in his ear, sweet nothings that made his heart flutter and groin clench. "Oh my fucking
He couldn't even concentrate on what John was saying, what he was asking him. All Sherlock could concentrate on was the slow, agonizing slide of John's hand and his elusive orgasm.
John cocked his head to the side. "And why would I do that, Sherlock?" He scooted closer to Sherlock on the bed. "Did you mean what you sent earlier then?"
Sherlock wasn't one to be squeamish but the feeling of the dead weight of his would-be murderer upon him made him antsy. He bucked, squirming his body to make him move, breaths labored and panted from exertion. All around him bodies fell in a spray of bullets.
John's mouth fell open, groaning quietly in disbelief as his eyes met those of the last man he had been with, the man who had taught him, wordlessly, exactly what the meaning of a dysfunctional relationship was.
"Sherlock?" John sounded worried and Sherlock didn't want John to be worried. But it was nice to hear concern for his well-being given voice.
"Amazing." John whispered, raising his head as his hands spanned Sherlock's waist, dragging his warm palms down to his hips, scraping his fingernails against his skin. "You're so pale-"
It had a small percentage (33%) calculated next to it, as he didn't believe it would be entirely successful. With John's libido highlighted at the top, Sherlock determined that the doctor would engage in sexual contact, but without penetration.
John was pacing himself admirably, even as he was clearly experiencing rapidly-increasing sensations of pleasure. His long eyelashes dusted his cheeks as his eyes closed, a furrow of concentration intensely marking his forehead. "Oh," John began to enunciate shakily, hips bucking harder, but slower, wanting to draw this out. "Sh...Sh...oh...god."
John, feeling small under Jason's glare, had to very consciously resist pulling his hand away reflexively.
John wasn't one to give up easily, and he was insistent where he could be. There was enough saliva in his mouth to let drip down onto his index finger, liberally coating it and he nudged the slick digit against Sherlock's hole, slipping it inside to the first knuckle.
Sherlock pulled John's hand to his lips, gifting his knuckles with a ferocious kiss, replicating his doctor's earlier actions. "...This is going to be...perfect."
John capitulated, an expression forming his face into a delightful amalgam of annoyance and reluctant puzzlement.
"Would you…kiss me? A bit?" Sherlock asked abruptly, his pale eyes flicking down to John's thin lips.
Now, with John repeatedly burying his tongue into Sherlock's arse, mimicking what his cock usually did to great effect, flicking the agile muscle teasingly around the sensitive rim of Sherlock's hole before diving back in, Sherlock was happily shouting himself hoarse, fully aware that he was rapidly losing control of his body and his reactions.
"I'm not a cripple." He uttered suddenly, before blinking self-consciously, his eyes focussed stubbornly on the smoke-stained ceiling. Sherlock paused.
There was a long, swollen pause from John as he chewed hard on the inside of his mouth and his hands clenched. He glared up at Shaun and the other man rolled his eyes.
, painfully. Sherlock's weight was unpredictably and unbelievably heavy on top of him and John would have reprimanded him, or at least given a gasp of disbelief, if Sherlock hadn't been trying to snog him senseless with very little skill but a lot of enthusiasm.
"We need to get to the crime scene. Now that we've wasted so much time," Sherlock snapped, thumbing through his phone and letting Lestrade know that he and John would be on their way. He glanced back at John who was still sprawled inelegantly on the bed, looking shagged-out and happy. Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "Hurry. Put your clothes on. We leave in another minute."
“Don’t talk rubbish John, that would mean wiping you out completely. You may be the worst thing that’s ever happened to me, but you’re still the best thing too.”
Sherlock listened as the water turned off and the sounds of John towelling himself off were heard. Sherlock allowed his mind to wander just a bit, still standing in front of the door clutching his rose. His eyes were only
He tapped contemplative, anxious fingers against his slim phone, reading over the message once more.
He pondered the various terms Shaun and his boyfriend used between them, complete with giggly emoticons and capitalized "LOL's" Some of them Sherlock had never even heard of-
With a snort, Sherlock moved to sit away and to the side of John, emitting heat and the heady scent of musk, “This could have gone better,” he mumbled with an amused undertone.
Shaun smirked, snorting. "Thought not. Is he still perfect?" He leaned closer to John, breath ghosting along his neck. "Bet he can't make you come like I could. Nowhere close."
"Apart from the rather obvious stereotypical signs- your use of hair product, the turn of your collar, that particular brand of shoe, your stance, and the rather obvious way you stare at one's face and then their crotch- you are clearly agitated by John's presence, and deeply irritated and jealous of mine."
John beamed and scooted closer, strong arms encompassing Sherlock. One scooped under his torso and nudged against the slightly-lumpy mattress, the other clasped possessively around his shoulders.
"I'll take that as a favourable response," he chuckled, hugging the overwhelmed detective to himself.
"Listen, John...what I did today...I want to apologize for." Sherlock murmured, avoiding John's eyes as he spoke.
"Hmmm....my cock? I never give you that. You would be so lucky." Shaun joked and John smiled tightly in response, knowing Shaun wasn't going to take him seriously. He sighed inwardly and turned away.
"Damn poofter." Samuel said gleefully, grabbing the phone from Luke and staring at the screen. He flicked to the next photo which showed a blonde-haired man grinning at the camera, his hand gripped around his cock and holding it to show the camera.
“…Like this?” John winced, glancing out at the woefully inadequate car park outside his window, overflowing with badly-parked vehicles. He didn’t think he could pull off an urban Rapunzel scene.
John nodded, eyes going half-lidded with growing pleasure, his hips bucking into Sherlock's grip. "Yes...your hair. I want to- Please?"
John was quite frankly still dumbstruck by Sherlock's protective actions, and in the next few seconds, he felt a surge of three powerful, competing emotions. One was utter thrill at the detective's blank-faced physical defence of his own honour. The second was the burning, buzzing, illicit euphoria that his subconscious churned out in anticipation of taking Sherlock at his word, and to his bed, very soon.
There was one half-way through that made a slightly-choked up Sherlock laugh, and wave the paper in question in John’s face. " 'After All This You're Bloody Well Doing The Washing Up,' …Should have really kept that til last. Not that I would do it anyway.”
putting the hat on. Not again,” Sherlock told him and lifted his part of the cracker to not so subtly smell the burning, like he’d done at Christmas.
"What do you mean?" Shaun tried to sound interested. He nonchalantly rubbed at his cock, trying to get it up again and hopefully distract John from this stupid talk. They still had almost an hour. Plenty of time for another shag.
"…Had to…get something you'd like…in case you said yes. It took a while," Sherlock mumbled, the words barely audible. "Wanted to ask on our anniversary...but…"
Sherlock’s mouth quirked and he crouched down in front of him, one of his hands resting on John’s knee with a bloom of heat, “Six seconds…” he breathed.
"I'm telling you now," Sherlock spat, a little more forcefully than he'd intended. "You know how it was before. Give me a minute?" he asked breathlessly, trying to tamp down the climax that had surfaced from nowhere, when John had used his tongue on him.
"I've owned various toys since I was a teenager." Sherlock said, opening his eyes to watch John caress and fondle his toy with undisguised lust. "It's always been...difficult- almost impossible- for me to reach orgasm on my own. I quickly realized I needed either the aid of someone else or, since I detest most people, the aid of a toy. I've had multiple ones throughout the years…but I bought that one months ago, shortly before we started having sex, because I thought it would help me...acclimatize myself to being penetrated regularly."
Sherlock, though, took his arm and towed him forward, propelling him into a world of power and money. John could practically
Raising his hands slowly, he temporarily plonked a few antique hardbacks on top of the bowl for added security.
John flinched in pleasure at the alien sensation, but retained enough wherewithal to ready himself when the reactive synchrony of Sherlock’s muscles told John that he was pulling back. He tested his flatmate with an insistent extra smooch and found no resistance at all, though there was a split second of indecision on the detective’s part. Sherlock’s hands remained by his sides and his body was tense, but he was slowly relaxing, the longer that John suckled indulgently on his closed, sun-warmed lips and hummed encouraging little sounds.
John lunged upward, tugging Sherlock tightly to his chest, and quickly reversed their positions, flinging Sherlock onto his back. His cock slipped out and he cursed, jamming it back in and hooking Sherlock's legs over his arms, starting a flurry of hard, almost violent thrusts into Sherlock's prone body, teeth gritted from the effort.
It was a bittersweet sort of anniversary for Sherlock, their one-month of exclusivity. The sun was shining brightly, though the temperature was still crisply cold, they had a few small cases on the go, and things couldn't really have been any better for the detective.
She'd hoped- when Sherlock had rang earlier and asked for a place for him and John to sleep for a few days- that something might
"Greedy. Not until after you've taken all I can give you." John moved back, pouring the near-empty lube from his fatigues on his fingers generously. "Such a slut."
“Maybe…just my name, that’s okay,” Sherlock chuckled nervously, birthing awkward little crinkles on his high, pale cheekbones.
Sherlock hummed, the sound throaty and deep and resonating, “Good,” he all but purred. “I’ll take that as an open invitation and happy permission to climb into bed with you more than ever.”
"Sherlock!" John's entire body jolted in shock and he bolted upright, trying to pull his legs together but with Sherlock still sitting between them he couldn't.
"Yes." Sherlock said slowly, not understanding the sudden, inexplicable shift in John's mood. He'd been expecting John to use him for his pleasure and...had been very turned on by the idea. He'd expected John to come down his throat- as he'd seen done in pornography- and afterward, he'd cuddle Sherlock and that would be the end of their row.
"Oh, John," Sherlock leaned closer, clenching his fingers in the duvet to keep himself from touching. John didn't bother to mask the sloppy, gulping sounds that accompanied a real blow-job, and Sherlock stared even more fervently, his expression bordering on wild, and his body reacting in a very enthusiastic, revealing way.
He distantly heard the familiar bang of the front door, and couldn’t be bothered to hide his cigarette. Besides, he doubted very much that the open window was doing anything at all to dissipate the bittersweet tang of smoke in the room.
Sherlock nodded jerkily, “I want you,” he said, though quickly corrected himself with a clearing of his throat. “This. I…want this. Yes. Please.” He was quivering, virtually overwhelmed with it all, and the quivering only subsided, only stopped, when he took a particularly deep, calming breath in through his nose, and held it for a few moments before letting it out again.
Sherlock shook his head. "N...no. It does." He licked his lips, shuddering. "Feels...amazing...Can I...move now? A bit?"
Sherlock shrugged, wrapping his hand back around John's slickened length. "Rarely. Last night was the first time I had felt the urge to do so in...six months."
"Are you close?" John's voice sounded in his ear, sending reflexive shivers racing down his spine. "Are you about to come for me, Sherlock?"
"You only just realised that?" Sherlock laughed softly, spreading his hands on John's clothed thighs, kneading the denim subconsciously.
Sherlock moaned. "I'm...I'm in you," he gasped, hips jerking slightly. "I'm inside of you and it feels...
? Why?” Sherlock asked, though he was barely paying much attention. His face was slackening and tightening with quickening ripples of pleasure while he writhed his hands to grip and twist the bed covers between and under his fingers. The blush of arousal had now travelled down his body. It splattered his entire chest, half of his stomach, his pelvis, and the inside of his thighs in a rich adorable pink.
John choked back a laugh, almost gagging on his own pineapple at the sight of Sherlock's stunned, wide-eyed reaction.
a disembodied voice asked acidly in Sherlock's head, in one of the larger rooms of his Mind Palace that unfortunately led to vast echoes and auditory repeats, in a totally unhelpful, unwanted input. He felt himself flagging further.
“…I might……I might need to,” Sherlock admitted quietly, his high cheekbones starkly and swiftly staining a nervous, rosy blush.
," Sherlock babbled, head thrown back, jaw clenched, looking indescribably blissful. John had to fight hard to maintain his composure.
fault." Sherlock shouted back. "If you hadn't...if we hadn't..." He couldn't say the words, already blushing over the memory and his erection from the remembrance starting to tent the front of his bottoms. "You distracted me." he finished lamely.
John's eyes followed Sherlock's gaze and he gave him a smile. "If you want. We can close the curtains."
"Sherlock...if you don't want to do this, it's fine.” John said, taking pity on him. Honestly, he didn’t want to push him too hard. Fun was fun but not at Sherlock’s expense. “And if you do want to do it, it's nothing to be scared of. After the first time, it always gets easier," John parted his legs further, extending his right arm in invitation for a kiss.
"I just had the best sex ever," he whispered loudly to their pet, then giggled at the happy absurdity of it. He stretched luxuriously in the balmy, still air of the flat, before mussing his own sweat-damp and ruined hair, cringing a little.
Shaun laughed, uncertainly patting John on the back and pulling away from his enthusiastic embrace. "Fighting a war. Not like they give day passes to get away."
Sherlock let out a forceful, irritable breath, then spoke into his mobile once more in a grating baritone. Sweat was still wrinkling the tips of his long fingers and his dark curls were soaked against his pale forehead. "John. I am aware we are going to fight later when you get back. Perhaps even physically. I look forward to it, as long as you end up de-stressing yourself. But there is one single thing that I would like you to give me, if you can."
-" John shouted which Sherlock immediately obeyed, pistoning his hand faster and rotating his wrist a bit, searching...
John felt his mouth go dry, blinking a few times before leaning forward. He ran a stripe with the flat of his tongue over Sherlock's cock, humming at the salty taste clinging to the throbbing muscle before suckling at the head. He couldn't believe the amount of pre-come Sherlock had produced - the man must have really been chasing his orgasm. He heard Sherlock gasp and before he could take another breath, John reached up with his hand and ran his thumb over Sherlock's quivering hole, letting his lips curl around his cock and take him a little deeper into his mouth.
"Perhaps you were the wrong person to..." Sherlock lingered on the words, still watching the smaller woman practically squirm under his presence.
Seething, John pivoted sharply and marched, spine rigid and shoulders squared, back to the employee break room.
John immediately pulled away, turned off the toy and gently removed it (to the shuddery, breathless gasp of his partner), and set it aside. He leaned up to untie Sherlock from the bonds he'd ensnared him with, gently lowering his arms to the bed, wincing when Sherlock moaned in pain at the change in position.
“……I can see that,” the doctor responded with a knowing smirk, extending one hand to gently grope the brunette’s unmistakably, impressively tented underwear.
Sherlock emitted a throttled, harsh noise that John didn’t think he’d ever heard before. The detective’s strong thighs reflexively tightened around John’s head, before easing back.
John determinedly restrained a shiver at the still too-rough, haphazard treatment of his shaft. "You...didn't have an erection at all?...Or you had them and just ignored them?" His hands flinched tellingly with the temptation to pull Sherlock's large, enthusiastic fingers away from his cock.
"T-turn away." John mumbled and when Shaun didn't hear him over the feeble hiss of water- or just chose not to obey- John forcefully grabbed his muscular hip and pushed him against the wall. Shaun gasped, making no attempt at resistance, and John pressed against Shaun, his chest flush against Shaun's smooth back.
"You left the break room on your own, intent on retuning to your office to- to pack but were called into a meeting with the director minutes later. Less than five minutes later actually." Sherlock said in a breathless rush, trying to fuck himself in John's fist in short, aborted thrusts. "You were fired- the reasons you gave for your behaviour brushed aside and Jason only received a slap on the wrist."
Sherlock winced at another violent and deafening peal of thunder just as the clouds burst open and rain began drenching London in an absolute fury of a downpour.
Sherlock glanced down at where John touched him for a moment, adjusting his stance, and he then lifted his arms and pulled John in for the hug John had forgone, looking away as he did so and soothingly, if a bit clumsily, he then rubbed between John’s shoulder blades. He was toasty warm and smelt of chemicals, honey, and his own musky and natural scent, and it was instantly calming. Heart wrenchingly so.
“We won’t know until you start fingering me,” John said bluntly, and they both laughed sweetly, breathily.
"You don't have to beg, Sherl." John said, doing as Sherlock had asked and tossing the trousers and pants to the side, turning to eye Sherlock's erection, bobbing in front of him. "You don't have to beg me for anything. Whatever you want, I'll give it to you." John promised, stroking Sherlock's cock, gliding along the length of it, rubbing his thumb across the head, moaning breathlessly when it grew harder in his hand.
John, gratified by the telling fact that Sherlock chose not to talk -the detective would outlive God trying to have the last word- caught the pained grimace and slid the toy gently from Sherlock's body, smiling in sympathy at the appalled noise of protest Sherlock made.
"You...I think you used them for some experiment. The one with the feet and the...the electrocution." John listened to Sherlock's increasingly panting breaths, visualizing his boyfriend wanking on the other end of the line, and felt himself twitch in his trousers. He'd only got off half an hour ago but listening to his boyfriend, desperate to come on the other end of the phone... "Wait. What do you mean my phone's not enough?"
Still, closing the curtains was a must. Near-darkness would make things considerably easier. There was no way he'd be able to do this in any kind of functional light intensity.
"This may soon become a bit of a faff." Sherlock announced quiet baritone that his doctor could tell was delightfully tainted with a grin, and John hummed in agreement, already calculating the logistics of what else they could do. Sherlock pulled away.
"I'm sorry...I know..." John looked away for a few seconds, dark eyes unfocussing as he tried to ground himself, whist mentally constructing an excuse that Sherlock would neither laugh at, nor be horrified by. He thumbed the tight, warm muscle of Sherlock's bicep before replying.
Slapping gently at John’s shoulder with a friendly sort of touch, Sherlock then cupped the side of John’s face with what felt like immeasurable, intimate affection, and stepped back, “Get in then. I might as well try and sleep too.”
"Lubricant?" Molly repeated nonsensically, through numb lips. She could feel the warmth of Sherlock's hand through her top, on her shoulder heavy and strong. She resisted the urge to lean into the touch and tried to get her brain to focus. "You'll need…lubricant?"
“…No, I don’t,” Sherlock admitted. “People kiss all the time. They don’t go around touching each other’s genitals. Nobody gives a ‘good morning’ handjob.”
"With what?" asked John, his heart ramming against his ribs as he tried to understand what was wrong. "Let me in, has something happened? Why are you sweating?"
John propped himself up, with a slightly ungainly wobble and kissed Sherlock's bare shoulder. He kissed the small burn scar that the detective wore, in the same location as his own, and spoke quietly. "Whatever you do...whatever you want to do...I want you to come inside me."
John didn't answer, his tongue aching with how far inside Sherlock he had jammed it. He reached around and grasped Sherlock's cock, stroking him once, twice, before pulling him sharply into one of the strongest orgasms of his life.
John visibly flinched at the words, swallowing thickly. Guilt knotted in his stomach and it was becoming a far too familiar feeling as the days ticked by. It only made his anxiety worse about full penetration. "So you want to end it, then?"
The doctor had just finished cleaning his teeth when Sherlock’s croaky, strained voice sounded from the living room.
John snorted. "I was pointing her out because I thought...thought we could have a laugh over it. That's all. I wasn't...interested. "
John sat back, groaning as he felt the slickness covering his hand, the ache in his knees making itself apparent. "So you're trying assault now?" he asked, his voice still unsteady.
He was expecting Sherlock to take control - or to lose it - gasp and start grinding against him until he came, wide eyed and red-faced. He wouldn't be disappointed. He loved driving Sherlock mad so much so that he lost that chilly demeanor.
"Well, that's done with." John announced and Sherlock carefully scooted over to make room for John to sit beside him on the bed. John's fingers immediately fell into his curls, stroking over Sherlock's scalp. "You all right?"
John followed him as he continued to look at the rest of the shop's storage and Sherlock let him. He was being quiet, unobtrusive-
It seemed the sort of thing he would know about himself. He'd always had mates, been comfortable around guys...but he'd never thought about sleeping with them.
"A friend. We were close, both trainee doctors. I suppose...he was my boyfriend for a bit, but it didn't even really register until after we broke up, you know what I mean?" John asked, before realising with dread that no, Sherlock
"What do you want to remember?" John asked curiously, raising up so he could press kisses along Sherlock's jaw, small, licking kisses along the column of his neck, and take his earlobe between his teeth, biting carefully so as to elicit only the smallest of shudders.
A week after Sherlock's mind-shattering double orgasm (the memory of which he had deliberately and carefully stored in a specific chamber of his mind palace that was decorated in a fleshy, suggestive pink and had a cheeky 'Adults Only' sign on the door) the detective flinched awake, suddenly and on instinct, at 6am on the dot. The sky outside, peeked at through the thick but askew bedroom curtains, was a very pale, delicate misty grey.
Sherlock jerked and frowned at John. "What was that for? Why did you kick me?" He asked childishly, ignoring the wide-eyed, warning look John gave him and giving Molly his best innocent look. "I thought Molly would want to know and store up our stories for masturbation material later."
He wanted to ask, was indeed desperate for it, but the sounds of Sherlock's saliva-soaked, beautifully-unattractive groans caused him to relent briefly, in order for his lover to recover.
Sherlock wasn’t really wired to suffer nudity-related embarrassment, so he just sat up and took stock of himself, after tiredly folding the oatmeal jumper and re-housing it under his pillows. If nothing else, he had discovered some fairly interesting facts regarding repeated onanism and corresponding semen output.
He huffed as he juggled the shopping bags and his keys, getting through the first door but then stumbling in the entry way. He swore under his breath before trudging up the stairs, hoping that Sherlock would like the brand of wine he'd picked up. He wasn't one for fancy wines, so he just hoped that Sherlock would give him the benefit of the doubt.
His cheeks flushing despite his attempted nonchalance, Sherlock swanned to the kitchen table and sat, plucking up the newspaper and opening it without a word, covering his face so John wouldn't notice his blush and suspect anything was amiss. John could be annoyingly astute at the most inopportune times.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and spoke again. "Maybe you forgot my earlier threat, mangled as your memory is, by youthful excessive drug use and adult over-consumption of alcohol. I'm going to make an addendum. After I've castrated you, I'm going to make
Sherlock's response, a sharp, wordless exclamation of pleasure, was distorted as Sherlock's elegant head rolled away from the phone, and he pushed one more finger inside himself. After a few seconds, John heard a crackly gasp and a breathless reply.
"Sherlock..." John uttered, shaking his head. "I don't want any more trouble." He knew if they went over and talked to Jason it would only end in a fight. Jason, from the way he was looking, was still furious over what had happened and would no doubt say cruel, hurtful things to Sherlock. What he said would make John angry, but John was afraid anything Jason said would hurt Sherlock, would wound the soft, vulnerable heart Sherlock always claimed he didn't have but frequently wore on his sleeve.
Sherlock had been planning to change into his pyjamas, before he remembered that he had managed to ruin the only three pyjama bottoms he owned. Well...
Sherlock, curled into a tight ball on the sofa in his PJs, heard the front door open barely half an hour later. He was surprised John was back so soon. He'd expected his boyfriend- flatmate? were they even together now?- to stay at the pub with Greg, drinking and joking and probably making fun of him behind his back.
"Ease up, John." Billingsly said, holding out a placating hand. "Just calm - calm down. We're all here to have fun - and Shaun? Get the fuck away from him. He already told you he didn't want you around."
John paused, suddenly feeling a bit embarrassed. "I...uh...I don't think I'm going to be able to...again, Sherlock. Not tonight, at any rate. It's not that I don't want to." He hurried to add, exhaling gustily as he glanced down at Sherlock, gripping his knees where they dug into his sides possessively. "But...I'm not exactly young anymore." John smiled. "But we will do it like real people. Normally. Just not tonight."
Sherlock had made a garbled reply, snatched back his card, and trotted from the store, vowing never to shop there again.
“Uh. Give…give me a moment…” he whispered, unable to control the small tremors raking through his limbs as he clenched his eyes shut.
But...what if Shaun did the same to any of the other guys? Had he tried it with them? None of the other soldiers had ever mentioned it, ever given the slightest hint that they knew that Shaun was...was that way. For all John knew, Shuan was the camp slut, the sweetheart of the regiment, and John himself been the latest in a long line of guys Shaun had fucked. He wondered if they all had a name for themselves, like an exclusive club or something. The thought depressed him.
Sherlock’s face flushed in an instant and he glanced briefly at the window with a blink, “I…hadn’t realised there even
To be honest, he was inflamed with a troubling uncertainty and a smouldering and rapidly-rising anger. Why was John talking so candidly and callously about someone's desire to abstain from sex? Especially when John himself was very experienced, and yet refused to go further with
"Unless you don't want to." John hurried to add, pulling away guiltily, unable to quash the feeling of rejection which showed plainly on his face. "It's fine...we can just go to sleep-"
John snagged one of the limp, under-stuffed pillows from behind his head and shoved it under his backside, wiggling his hips salaciously as he settled himself comfortably on the feeble cushion. "Where do you want me?" He asked, grinning, knowing Sherlock was at a loss and, knowing it was bad, rather enjoying watching his boyfriend blush and stutter. God, he loved him.
Sherlock's angular face crinkled in a frown, and he cleared his throat, speaking against John's forehead, cherishing the tickle of familiar skin against his lips. "You're confusing me, John."
"You're still being a good boy? Just mine?" John asked, sipping with a faint grimace at his tasteless stew.
John translated that accurately as a 'No,' and got up to go the bathroom, pausing in the doorway. "Now are you going to give me some time to watch Bargain Hunt?" he grinned playfully.
John was silent behind him and Sherlock wondered if he should tell John the whole of it. The way the man's hand had fondled him as he leered and talked about eating his genitals. He shuddered in revulsion. "Sherlock?" John asked, worried. "You ok? Should I call a nurse?"
"Why won't I like it?" John cocked his head to the side, gazing up at Sherlock and the visual- John on his knees in front of him, waiting to give him a blow job- made Sherlock's cock go embarrassing hard. At that angle, it was impossible to miss and John's eyes darkened, his tongue coming out to tease at his lower lip.
As soon as John felt his lover pushing him gently but firmly behind him, he knew trouble was coming.
client, remember, and he'll have lots of arrogant, well-paying friends for us to make contact with. So." John finished. "We're going. Think of it as a business venture."
John's faint huff of excited breath didn't go unnoticed as he swallowed and adjusted his hips awkwardly on the cheap mattress. "Prove it." He challenged, his dilated blue eyes glittering faintly in the grey dawn light. Sherlock chuckled.
had already thought John and Sherlock were together but she'd dismissed it all. Rumours. Lies. Slanderous gossip. John was straight and Sherlock was...Sherlock.
"I don't care if you're injured- well, I care...but not in the way you're thinking. And if you don't heal from this..." Sherlock ghosted his hand along John's hip. "I'll still be with you."
Before Sherlock could spit vitriol at him like a six foot cobra, John unexpectedly sneezed, and instead of rounding on him, the detective reactively uttered, “Bless you.”
“You really are being frightfully predictable,” he replied, not as quietly as John had murmured. Turning to the open window, he closed his pale eyes briefly at the heady rush of cool summery air, blustering in his face and tasting of London.
Sherlock stared up at John, surprised, angry, and more than a bit turned on at being so thoroughly outmanoeuvred by the ex-army doctor. He jerked at his wrists, testing the bonds, and moaned in pleasure when they held. Of course they held- John had been the one to tie the knot. And in classic John-style: not too tight, nothing to cause Sherlock pain, but just enough to hold him firmly. Sherlock knew, from previous experience, that he wouldn't be able to escape until John released him.
"John..." Sherlock breathed, taking another inch on the bed closer to John, flushed all the way down his chest, nipples hard and standing erect. "What...what else?"
The bathroom door immediately opened and Sherlock emerged, looking both hopeful and surprised. "You do?" His eyes raked down John's body and a tiny line formed between his eyebrows. "I thought twice in one day would've been your limit, John. A man of your years typically has a slower refractory period…but it seems I've misjudged."
Sherlock grinned back, baring his teeth. "Yes, I am." John glanced between the two of them, each posturing, before signalling for a drink.
Sherlock watched John worry his left thumbnail against his left forefinger, enough to cause a little pink rift on the calloused skin, a tiny trough of obvious emotional panic.
"No..." Shaun had a new boyfriend, Robert, and the two of them were very graphic in their chats. Sherlock opened the picture of his penis Shaun had sent Robert, scrutinizing it carefully. It was childish and puerile but Sherlock couldn't help the curl of satisfaction that his cock was thicker than Shaun's.
Sherlock managed a disdainful sigh as he flicked his bloodshot gaze away, but he was losing the ability to ignore the agony of his trussed, raw wrists and ankles where they were bound with tough leather, the sting of his scraped knees on a grimy concrete basement floor, the desperate pain of being
"Just kiss me. Talk to me. I want to know about you." John murmured, kissing him with exhausted, but totally-enthralled enthusiasm, gnawing on his lips. Shaun rolled his eyes where John couldn't see and heaved a sigh which he hoped the other man would interpret at exhaustion and not aggravation.
ring,” Sherlock said, flexing with John’s ministrations while he lifted his hand with the plastic ring, fiddling with it briefly, turning it around and around on his finger.
John narrowly avoided squeezing them hard as his fist tightened reflexively. He reined his anger in just in time, and gritted out more words as he stroked Sherlock's velvety shaft. "And...this?"
John halted abruptly, swallowing his anger like a bitter bolus. If Sherlock were here, he would stride up to Jason and effortlessly deduce a handful of embarrassing and/or devastating personal facts, and leave him a mortified, speechless wreck. John's own mind, however, apparently refused to comprehend much more than the obvious option of shutting the little prick up – marching back into the staff room, knocking him to the ground and kicking his teeth in.
"I suppose it's too much to ask that you hold my hand on the way to the sticky, beer-stained, eight-year-old, wobbly, Tunbridge Wells-bought table," Sherlock muttered in John's ear, barely audible as a table of men dressed in rugby shirts started singing a loud, very vulgar song.
"No. No that was...great. Loved that." He smiled and Sherlock, after a second, preened under the praise. John's previous antagonism dissipated quickly, and was replaced by a faint but persistent nervousness. It began to wane as Sherlock lavished a hot, wet, eager mouth upon his cock. He was unable to prevent the first, lascivious groan escaping his lips.
John settled on the mattress and ran his hand soothingly over Sherlock's violently twitching thighs as he thumbed through his phone. "It's Melanie. Wants to meet up after what happened today. You know who she is?"
"Are you...angry?" Sherlock asked, already knowing the answer and feeling very small and stupid. John sighed.
Sherlock took a deep breath before enunciating, as he held his mobile in treacherously wet fingers. "I need to speak to John Watson. Matter of life and death. I'm his boyfriend." He heard the receptionist take a scandalized breath.
"Snogging, it sounds like." Lestrade said grimly, pressing his earpiece more firmly into his ear, trying to get a better feed.
"Oh my god." John weakly uttered, taking in the mess in front of him, turning his head at the sound of Mrs. Hudson's call asking if everything were all right, that she'd heard a crash.
Sherlock followed him quietly, appearing quite contemplative. As he lingered in the doorway of the bathroom, he took a halting breath, and then paused. John gave him a querying look.
John stretched as best he could with Sherlock bundled up against him, joints popping, before shucking off his bedraggled pyjama bottoms, wiping himself off and then passing them to Sherlock.
He slowly moved the barrel of the gun in and out of Shaun's mouth, teasing him with it, withdrawing it completely and watching his tongue snake out and lick the end. John's cock strained, swollen and aching, inside the constraints of his coarse uniform. It gave a massive throb when Shaun narrowed the tip of his tongue like a lizard and prodded it against the hollow metal barrel filthily. He grinned, before murmuring dramatically.
John glared good-naturedly back, adoring the sheen on his pale skin, the wilted mess of his dark hair. He promptly started pounding into him noisily, his damp hips slapping deliciously against that plump arse, his own breath ragged and shallow. He was lost now. Lost to Sherlock, to everything about him, about what they were doing. Why had it taken them this long?
Her small pink tongue protruded between lips set in an impossibly innocent-looking face. Molly set up a quick, no-nonsense massage between her legs.
"Of course I still love you." John sighed, sinking down into the one chair beside the bed. "That doesn't mean that I'm not seriously, incredibly
with his straining erection, Sherlock whimpered. "John…We can't!" He whispered beseechingly, breathlessly, tensing when he heard a group of Japanese tourists walk past the thicket not thirty feet away and a couple of gleeful screeches from the group of kids.
John's breathing hissed out, fingers carding through Sherlock's curls, directing his head into a slow bob over his erection.
"Mm. Mm-hm." Sherlock nodded, palpably nervous. "That's...that'd...be...good." he murmured, closing his eyes as John commandeered his mouth with thin, eager lips.
Bouncing forward with a hitching gasp, Sherlock clenched his toes, submissively swaying without resistance, hands clawing and clasping until his knuckles turned white, “Oh…
John raised his eyebrows a little, absolutely not inclined to argue with his lover. He circled Sherlock's prostate one more time, then pulled out. No sooner had he done so, than Sherlock rolled onto his front and pushed himself onto his hands and knees. John stared open-mouthed as Sherlock, after a second's thought, placed one scarred, anchoring hand against the headboard in anticipation of getting fucked hard. John stripped himself completely in record time.
"I do that to everyone, all the time, and you know it. You don't laugh, though. You usually scold me and tell me to be nicer. Please don't pretend, John. I know why you're laughing."
"'Fiancé.' Amazing," John laughed happily to himself. He leant down, pausing with an intense gleam in his eye, before he dared to suck slightly on the turgid, bittersweet head of Sherlock's penis.
The tsunami of anxiety he'd been trying to repress swamped Sherlock as he shivered unexpectedly and pulled away from John with the smallest, apologetic but rather aborted pat on his knee. He settled himself on the lilo beside the bed.
Sherlock, the bastard, son-of-a-bitch, sulky, fucker, beautiful, irresistible lover in question, lay supine on the sofa, completely nude, his head tipped back, curls a dark, drenched halo around his head, framing his flushed cheeks and red, bitten lips. The detective's skin was practically covered in a thick, unclean sheen of sweat. Sherlock sighed shakily before his eyes fluttered open, taking in the sight of John standing in the doorway, frozen at the sight of him.
He stroked Sherlock's cock reverently, not trying to get him hard but realizing he needed the comforting touch. He dipped down further and fondled his sac, carefully rolling his testicles in his hand and feeling Sherlock shake minutely against him. It was only after long minutes of this that John felt the change in Sherlock's body. The growing rigidity. Sherlock canted his hips forward, the movement almost totally obscured by the blanket. John nearly didn't feel it at all.
"Please?" John asked, a competing thrill of amusement and admiration in his dark-blue eyes. "Tell me more. You're doing well so far," he rewarded, reaching down and giving Sherlock a few languid, strong strokes.
Sherlock glanced in concern at John's bare chest. "You're, um...very..." He caught John's brief grin, and quickly stripped his own dressing gown and t-shirt, getting trapped in his sleeves in his hurry, and breathing hard in faint panic and awkwardness at being on a stage which was currently for John's judgemental eyes only. The t-shirt dropped, without drama, from Sherlock's wrists to their unclean floor, leaving him uncomfortable…bare. He nervously tried sealing their lips together again, a pointless effort at distraction- but John pressed him back against the wall, holding Sherlock at arm's length, eyes raking over the newly revealed chest and abdomen.
"Fuck, yes, Sherlock." John grit out through clenched teeth, taking a chance on what he thought Sherlock would want to hear. "Come on..
"I know what it's like to be a virgin, Sherl. My memory is actually functional considering my age." He chuckled weakly, but the humour didn't reach his eyes, and his impish smile was absent. "You're going to be a bit...rubbish your first time. Not just you. Everyone is always rubbish their first time. All this shit you see about the first time being perfect and magical and everyone came and no one was embarrassed is just that...shit. You're going to make mistakes and you're...you're going to be oblivious about things but guess what? You're going to get better at it."
"Do you want to remember how we first made love- and don't argue with me, Sherlock, that's exactly what we did-...the first time, here in this bed? How you shook and came for me before I was even inside you?" John asked, nibbling at Sherlock's throat. "Do you want to remember how beautiful I thought you were? How I couldn't believe that you wanted me? That it took you almost thirty minutes to convince me?"
He was still touching himself ponderously, unhurriedly, when Sherlock scuffed his way, yawning mightily, back into the sun-drenched, cool room. The detective turned a lazy head adorned with an impressively dense mess of black curls towards his partner, and stopped in his tracks, staring openly.
John shivered as he came down from his incomparable high, and lay down beside the Irishman, kissing him tenderly and stroking his heaving chest. "You all right?"
"Christ." John breathed, snatching the bottle of lube from Sherlock's unresponsive fingers and drizzling a large amount over his fingers. "Get me ready. I need you to fuck me."
"First, we're not having marital problems Sherlock. We're not married, and alright, things might be a little rocky but it's not that bad. And second - we weren't being serious. Do you honestly think there's something going on between us? Me and Greg? Putting your personal feelings aside, use your logic."
"Oh. Ok. Right." John nodded. "That's…that's good to know." He smiled at Sherlock, his face creasing with warmth. Sherlock smiled back at him before shifting on the sofa, letting go of John and extravagantly spreading himself in his well-worn grey T-shirt, silk pyjama bottoms and dressing gown, on the leather. He gave John what he felt was a 'come hither' look…but John only chuckled, blushing, and moved away.
John immediately drew back, "I won't, if you don't want me to. I could just take your shirt off for now?" He illustrated his suggestion by resting his smaller hand upon the nearly-smooth skin of Sherlock's exposed right pectoral. The splatter and bang of countless fireworks outside painted fleeting rainbow mosaics all over his chest.
"If it's something you obviously love..." Sherlock murmured, sighing. "I want you to enjoy yourself...with me."
"Well. That's nice, isn't it, dear?" Debbie, an older nurse with a kind, weathered face said mildly, smiling at John.
"But seriously, John" Jason said, not looking at all serious, his lips twitching in a vindictive smile. "
Sherlock huffed with his own laugh in response and readjusted his arm over John, tickling the pads of his fingers up John’s spine, bringing an entire cascading rush of tingles with the touch while he brought one leg up, slipping it a little between John’s knees, “How very kind of you,” he murmured good-humouredly.
. That sounded dishonest. He would just...obscure the truth. Keep some of it hidden. A bit. For a few days, until he could finish the case and come back to tell John all about it. There. That wasn't so bad, was it?
Sherlock refused to be soothed. He leaned over John on his hands and gave him a penetrating stare. "I believe it matters a great deal to you, ergo it holds an even greater importance for me. Please...bluntness, I have learned, can be a very useful tool. Tell me. Do you want to be legally bound with me?"
"...Yes!" Sherlock suddenly exclaimed, rather loudly, sounding very pleased with himself. "I saw this in a porn!"
"So you'd," Sherlock started, clearing his throat as if choked with unexpected lust. "You'd like to make love to John? While I...watched?"
"...Ten...years..." Sherlock whispered, gripping tightly yet exhaustedly to John's arms as John rode out the rest of his orgasm. Sherlock pulled away the tie blindfolding him and opened his eyes languidly. "Oh...
"Alright then, off the record," Greg challenged. "No-one to hear you except the bartender and my own withered ego. Be one of your hot nurses, who have equally shitty pay and hours. Tell me what you find attractive about me."
you?” Sherlock asked him with a frown. “It’s not even midnight…” The joke fell flat and Sherlock didn’t laugh or smile at it, his frown deepening.
"Please, John." Sherlock crooned, pasting on his best innocent expression when John's eyes opened, glazed and slitted in pleasure. "Please, will you come on my face?"
“I have to stay in practise, John. I don’t want to get rusty. Why is it that you have no problem with me breaking into buildings or passing myself off as a policeman, but you get pissy when I steal a couple of muffins? They’re not exactly valuable.”
Sherlock grinned wolfishly, leant down to lap up the tempting hot droplet, and then gritted his teeth as he pulled back, re-adjusted his wet hands underneath John’s hips, and began to pound into his doctor as violently as he could, the headboard banging deafeningly against the wall, mattress screeching. With a feral growl of effort, Sherlock increased his pace, the sharp smack of wet skin on skin maddeningly glorious and deafening.
"Shouldn't I be?" John took the computer from Sherlock and scrolled through the entries. "I don't much care for all of London knowing what I look like when you suck my...Where's the picture?"
"Somewhere you liked with..." Sherlock cleared his throat. "...Somewhere you like. Wherever you like."
John took a few seconds to ostensibly ponder, his clownish grin soon showing. "Either you had the dull woman who was a scary secret nymphomaniac and who spouted a lot of creepy, rehearsed porn stuff, or you had the bitch who doesn't know a good thing when she sees it."
"I'm doing it now, with you." John replied, giving his stokes a little twist at the end, swirling over the head of Sherlock's prick, using the wetness to his advantage. "Christ...you're like a broken faucet."
John honestly had to think for a few seconds about what Sherlock was talking about before it hit him. Then, his eye widened and his cock, which had been mostly soft and lax, twitched. "Oh. I thought you said you didn't-"
Sherlock's face dropped into a disbelieving visage which would have been funny if it weren't for the gravity of the situation. John knew him so well- always did…and he was losing him- wasn't he?
- John to say his name, to prove him wrong that he wasn't thinking of Shaun. Surely...please...he wasn't.
John removed his finger from Sherlock's arse, giving him a stern look when Sherlock raised his head, annoyed. "No, Sherlock. I'm not hurting you."
John's eyes widened in shock at the raw pain in Sherlock's voice…and then immediately wondered at his surprise. By now, Sherlock had proved himself time and again to be as human, as fragile, as vulnerable to pain as anybody else. John hooked his arm around Sherlock's shoulders and hid his face in the warm, baby-soft skin between his collar and his ear. "It's ok. I'm fine now." He soothed and Sherlock snorted.
true," John uttered in a broken growl, licking his lips and pressing up against Sherlock, inhaling the other man's gasp of surprise before commandeering his mouth in a tight kiss.
"Amazing." John's voice came from the vicinity of his chest and he guided Sherlock into an easy, rocking rhythm, bringing their cocks together again and again. "What else?"
John's fists tightened and clenched at his sides, nails digging reassuringly into his palms until he exhaled, pushing out as much of the raising irritableness as he could. Glaring daggers at Sherlock, he called back to him as he made his way to the living room again. "What are you writing?"
“Are we…” Sherlock gestured inelegantly and then cleared his throat a second time. “Previously, did you…were you
"What?" Sherlock snapped and before he could go any further, John rose up on tiptoe and claimed a vicious, hard, quick kiss. He pulled back with a smack of lips.
John frowned, blinking, trying to make his fuzzy brain function. He couldn't have dreamed up all that had happened...He'd not made the whole thing up. That just...he hadn't.
Shooing away his threateningly-negative ponderings, Sherlock licked his lips and shuffled a little closer to his doctor, nuzzling him with his nose like an affectionate cat. "John," he whispered, smiling with inordinate pleasure when John's closed eyes flickered in unconscious recognition.
Sherlock froze and made a garbled sort of hitching groan, unable to fully control his hips as they bucked against John, hard and willing, “Don’t say that,” he said with a husky laugh, turning to draw his nose up John’s cheek to breathe against his jawline.
“…You really think it’s lovely?” Sherlock seemed abruptly and immensely flattered by what John had said and he smiled at him. “Not
"Then. Yes...I really want to." Sherlock admitted, anticipation and excitement thrumming through him. "What...what do you need me to do?"
Shaun frowned. "How the fuck should I know? Since I've been deployed or since I've started shagging you?" He shrugged. "Nine? Ten? Maybe fifteen. What does it matter?"
That's what it was, John thought bitterly as he shoved his cock into Shaun's tight hole, listening to the man beneath him moan in bliss. Just fucking. Raw, passionate fucking to be sure, but just scratching an itch. Getting satisfaction. He choked Shaun sometimes- at Shaun's behest- astounded that a little asphyxiation turned the Irishman into an absolute firecracker. Loud and shameless and completely, utterly gorgeous.
They easily found John's parents in the crowded restaurant- they were the ones who stood up and waved at them, beaming, heedless to the stares they were attracting.
"I've never had someone do this to me before...I...I sort of...like it." Sherlock hesitated before swinging forward and pecking John on the cheek. "Thank you for the romantic gesture."
Pulling back, John licked around his mouth with a curious expression on his face. Swallowing, he met Sherlock’s glazed eyes briefly, and finally removed his own underwear, throwing it to the hardwood floor.
Sherlock nodded, wondering why John was bothering to ask. Of course he could. But John smiled again and dipped his head, mouth open and sucking gently at Sherlock's collarbone. His tongue was a quick dart of wetness, there and gone, which only added to the slow, burning tease.
"I'm inside you." He whispered, awed, eyes wide and admiring. John whimpered faintly, teeth biting down on his bottom lip hard. His hands stuttered over the floor, before raking across his own thighs, and he huffed out a few sharp breaths. Distantly, he reminded himself that Sherlock would benefit from some gentle instruction.
." Sherlock gritted his teeth, spitting the words out. "I know you're laughing about it so you can just
"Oh...Christ," the detective muttered, always stunned by the power of his personal device despite having used it multitudes of times. He forced it deeper inside himself, nudging it tentatively against his prostate. Gyrating on the stripped bed, Sherlock juddered and gritted his teeth. "John,
John's gaze flicked over to the open window through which a steady breeze gusted pleasantly, the early morning sky outside brightly mango-coloured, spilling bright light throughout the flat. "What for?"
John stripped on the periphery of the communal barracks shower room, brazenly shedding his clothes and neatly folding them so they wouldn't touch the ground. The soldiers' shower room smelled like piss and looked even worse. They were more likely to get even dirtier attempting their ablutions (or, worse, catch cholera), but there weren't other choices for getting clean and John was sticky and exhausted. He just wanted the soothing sensation of cool water on his dehydrated, sunburnt skin.
"...Now this is interesting," John laughed, relenting and drumming his fingerprints over a high, firm cheekbone.
"I already texted Mrs. Hudson when you were faffing around with the pineapple. She's happy to keep half of them in her freezer." Sherlock cleared his throat, fidgeting, before taking John's hand and, without a word, led him to their bedroom. John, bemused, allowed himself to be towed down the hall, watching as Sherlock gnawed nervously upon his bottom lip, ran a frantic hand through his black curls.
Luke exploded with a giddy, loud giggle, holding his stomach as if to try and contain his mad laughter. "
"Not laughing at you." John panted quietly, glancing around, making sure they were still alone and the movement drove a spike of white hot arousal through Sherlock's core. He arched, muffling his choked, high-pitched cry, as he came, semen spattering down onto the front of his trousers in thick globs. John grinned in pure delight at seeing his partner writhe and gasp, jaw clenched, eyes squeezed tight, hands scrabbling through leaf litter in desperation. He swooped down, engulfing Sherlock's cock in his mouth, cleaning him with firm sucks.
"Sherlock." John coaxed, tugging gently at the sheet. "Love, I've seen you naked before, you know. Just last night in fact."
John's head snapped back in brief surprise...before his face relaxed and he grinned. "Oh, Sherlock. You want me aroused and angry, don’t you? Really…
The ride to the museum where the exhibit was being held was silent but filled with excited tension. Sherlock was so wound up and eager he couldn't sit still. He absently drummed his fingers on the side of his seat as if urging the cab faster. He shot John happy smiles and fidgeted, twisting around in his seat to look at the passing city as if he were a tourist. John captured Sherlock's drumming fingers with his own and gave him a patient smile but didn't reprimand him or tell him to calm down. Ever since they'd heard that Gunther von Hagens was coming to London, it'd been all Sherlock could talk about. John knew more about von Hagens and his techniques and his exhibits than anyone else, just from listening to Sherlock rhapsodize about him.
John coughed out a laugh, but it fell flat as he realised that he was absolutely fucking aching. "Are - are you going to use your mouth?" he asked, realising that Sherlock was starting to get a little more clarity in those bright eyes.
"Never heard it called that before," Greg guffawed tipsily. "And don't let anyone tell you there's such a thing as 'too big." He collapsed into further cackles.
Worrying his bottom lip with his teeth, he risked a few jerky thrusts into his fist. He took a deep breath and fumbled for the lubricant bottle and toy on the mattress beside him, taking some comfort in the reliable weight of the respective plastic and rubber in his hand.
!" John groaned as he spilled inside the condom, grinding his hips in long, agonising movements deep inside the other man's body. Slowly, he became aware of Shaun shaking, breaths still sobbing out in agonized wheezes beneath him, and John's heart dropped into his stomach.
Sherlock hissed at the sensitivity, becoming aware, in the afterglow, of sticks digging into his back, dirt gritting beneath his fingernails, and his cock, sticky with semen, being efficiently cleaned. Finally, he could take no more and frantically patted John on the head to encourage him to pull off. John obeyed, with a smug smirk, and Sherlock slumped against the ground in relief. Boneless and exhausted from his draining orgasm, he slowly, and awkwardly, pulled up his underwear and trousers, zipping up with shaky fingers, shivering with little aftershocks.
Sherlock licked his cupid’s-bow lips and blew out a long exhale that made the curls on his forehead briefly dance up into the now sex-scented warm air. He eyed the clinical wipes and tissues on John’s desk. All things considered, there were worse places to be soaked in lukewarm bodily fluids than a doctor’s surgery.
"No...It's...please..." John could feel his throat closing up, panic swamping him as he tried to understand that it had been a dream. A useless, idiotic dream. "It's not...It was real. I know it-"
Sherlock thought quickly. "On my face. My shirt." These were the two most obvious choices. Easily recognized. Everyone would know, when they got back to the table, what the stains were.
“I didn’t force you to stay here,” Sherlock sighed through his nose sharply and gestured with one hand. “Lestrade invited you out. You should have gone. Give me some peace. Perhaps you would have gotten ‘lucky’ with one of the pathetic women there? There are a lot of them. And you
? Her hands came up to clutch at the counter behind her for support as she balanced on very wobbly knees.
“Are you high?” He moved closer, predictably adopting the all-too-frequent ‘I’m going to manhandle you because I’m a doctor and you’ve done something stupid to hurt yourself again’ pose.
Sherlock hesitated, wanting to ask John why, because it was something he was still having trouble figuring out. It seemed important, like something he needed to examine further. The missing clue in a difficult case which would bring everything together but it kept evading him, slipping through his fingers.
Sherlock released a sharp, visibly-restrained exhale, his body flushing hot with arousal at John's words. "I want that. Want you to ride me...weigh me down." He said, his long fingers caressing John's throat. Traversing his nape knowledgably, Sherlock carded his fingers through John's fine, ash-brown hair in a shaky amalgam of gratitude and a wordless request for more. John leaned into the touch, closing his eyes.
John would probably get angry, but it wasn't the first clock Sherlock had destroyed- in one way or another- and so he wasn't very concerned. He flipped over in the bed, pulling the covers tighter around his body, glaring against the offending chill.
He heard John's breathing hitch, then stutter out in a weak exhale, his fingers scrabbling at the plug and pulling it- slowly- from Sherlock's body, making Sherlock feel every single bit of it as it popped out. He shuddered, feeling flayed open, waiting on what John would do next.
"Yeah...yeah." John murmured distractedly, initiating another kiss hopefully but with a breathy giggle Shaun pulled away.
time." Sherlock started to defend himself, but John laughed and snogged him, effectively silencing him.
John smiled as he settled back atop him. "Ok. What is it you want? Anything, Sherlock. I'll give it to you."
"...Sherlock...do you want me to - make you feel good? Or just touch you?" His caress was still light, gentle.
"What is it?" John reached out, hand warm and a bit damp on Sherlock's arm. Sherlock jerked away from the soothing caress. "Sorry." John murmured, brow lowered. "Mm... why don't I suck you off, love? Hmm? We don't have to do this. Maybe something else?"
With every press, Sherlock shakily returned it with a rolling, taut rutting of his own, and made a low sound of avid approval each time. He seemed both boneless and tensed with desire, and began to knead, stroke, caress and grope at John’s arms, shoulders, back and sides, seeking out every inch of his torso with friskily scratching fingertips. John had never seen Sherlock look so wild, so zealous, desperate and lost to sensation before, and he only seemed to get more overwhelmed and ravenous for more.
"Fuck, Sherlock…Let’s…take this to the bedroom. Need to...lie down." He admitted, grimacing as if the admission were something shameful. Sherlock sprang up from his crouch, giving John's cock a lingering stroke. "After you." He murmured and John, feeling a bit like a tit with his cock hanging out of the fly of his jeans, hobbled down the hall, Sherlock hot on his heels.
"No more time." John said tersely, getting up and jerking the covers off Sherlock, pulling a brief, pained face as his left shoulder panged. "I'm sick to death of this bloody room. Get up and showered. We're leaving. "
He could hear John cursing beneath him and Sherlock realized- with a sick twist in his gut- that he was probably hurting him, that he hadn't given him time to adjust. Shaking, with an embarrassing herculean effort, Sherlock managed to gain control of himself and stop his animalistic thrusting. He paused with his cock buried deep inside John, his entire body shaking with need.
“Don’t force me to ruin my plans for you John. I want to try and use as much of you as I can before I actually give in and have to kill you.” The detective pouted, and then pouted harder when John playfully bumped him with his shoulder.
John squared his shoulders and turned his key in the lock, moaning softly in gratitude when he was embraced with warmth the moment he stepped out of the icy cold and into the toasty foyer. He paused to listen, but no sounds could be heard from upstairs.
"Good." John replied breathlessly. "Great. Fucking fantastic." His hips moved in smooth, measured thrusts, rubbing his cock slowly against Sherlock. His mouth fell open in a soundless moan, head falling back as his pace effortlessly picked up.
"I'll never mention them- any of it- again." John vowed, giving Sherlock a reassuring squeeze and they relaxed into silence, the steady downpour of rain outside a perfect lullaby calling them to sleep after such strenuous activity.
He couldn't contain himself and rolled atop John, bracing himself with rather shaky arms, to lean down and steal kisses from John's smiling lips, nipping at the thin bits of flesh. John hummed in enthusiasm, hands skating up Sherlock's sides and eliciting shivers.
“Well…good for you,” the doctor said quietly, frowning into his flushes, and clearing his throat as silently as he could. Sherlock could
John's giddy giggles were silenced with an impromptu kiss, and large hands fondling his face. "Let's go," Sherlock said authoritatively, taking John's left hand and fumbling with his other to open the closet door. Still chuckling headily, they dashed out, only to bump headfirst into a short female maid, who looked adorably stunned at the two breathless men vacating the broom cupboard.
Sherlock ignored John and his questions and casually went to the armchair, sweeping up John's laptop and wandering to the sofa with it, laying down and tapping thoughtfully, his sharp eyes intent on the screen as he tried to decipher the password. "I really don't know why you bother with a password anymore, John," He said airily, pink tongue against his top lip as he worked through the possibilities.
two weeks before he had to worry about John finding another job. He liked John being there at the flat with him, humming under his breath, making Sherlock tea and toast, cursing at the telly, puttering around cleaning up Sherlock's messes, and shagging Sherlock any time the mood struck.
"It's a sex thing. It's when you wake up next to someone in the morning, usually someone you were drunk when you shagged, and skulk out before they wake up, wearing the same clothes as the night before. It's not particularly pleasant."
, what do we do?" John murmured to Sherlock in despair. "Please tell me you know a builder who owes you a favour."
John looked over his shoulder to where Sherlock was still standing in front of the loo door, the withered rose in his hand seemingly forgotten, and quirked an expressive brow. Sherlock's long fingers visibly twitched and a slightly-drunken expression clouded his pale, grey-green eyes.
Gasping in ecstasy, Sherlock turned his head, noticeably desperate for a kiss, though unwilling to ask for it, “We should…but we might not,” he whispered, sounding breathless and bewildered as he pushed up into John’s hand, and then back against his erection.
"No-one else," John re-iterated, his voice breaking slightly as he neared orgasm. "Because...no-one else can fuck you...like you need." Shaun felt John's cock pulse in his arse and the flood of hot semen inside him, feeling like a claiming. He reached down and jerked at himself, wincing from the sensitivity, a few watery drops of come dripping down.
Sherlock approached the shower door with a dangerously blank expression. "John." There was a depth of bitterness in the timbre of his voice. Pulling open the shower door, he glared down at his doctor. "I see I come second to a furtive handjob in the shower."
Sherlock was dumbfounded, but extended one hand very slowly, as if he was a game warden attempting to placate and aid a wounded, dangerous animal, making sure to keep in sight and make no sudden moves.
John ran his tongue over his teeth as he fiendishly gave a few hard thrusts with the live toy against the brunette's prostate, feeling a vicious thrill as Sherlock emitted a series of high-pitched, inhuman noises, his succulent cupid's-bow decorated with a hot bead of exhausted perspiration.
John had a feeling this was coming. Clearing his throat, he raised his free hand and stroked Sherlock's brutally-sharp cheekbone, a fascination and indulgence that he could never get enough of.
"It means, if people didn't already want to pin you down and shag you through the floor, they would if they knew about
The sullen nurse was about to reply, when John spoke up again, "What happened to the kid? The kid who was...who was shot?"
Rubbing his eyes, John groaned and peered up at the brunette, whose curls were in delightful disarray, spiralling in crazy, endearing formations. He smiled in approval- Sherlock looked sexy with bed head. Very sexy.
Sherlock kept scrolling down the chat, a heavy feeling settling in his chest the more he read, when a certain exchange caught his eye.
Now that Sherlock had cut him off from sex, and by extension wanking...it only stood to reason he would be on the prowl. If John was going to try it on with someone else, Sherlock wanted to be there to see it. Well...he didn’t want to be there of course, and he didn’t want to see it at all- the pain of John finding someone else to have giggly, rough sex with was too painful to contemplate-…but he wanted to be proved right.
Forty-five minutes later, Sherlock scowled up at the weak, feather-grey dawn that was beginning to bleed into the watery, tremulous sky as he exited the taxi, huffing irritably. The disgruntled sound was drowned out by the continuous, furious downpour, a deluge that was only barely seasonal.
not a waste,” Sherlock said sardonically with a monotone voice and glanced at the ring in overdramatic disgust. He swirled the whiskey around in his glass and then knocked it back after a faint grumble. “
"Did my hair start this?" Sherlock asked, visibly calming as he gave his delightful, honest grin, melting into the caresses like a spoilt lap cat. John laughed, scrubbing his hand through the shortened locks before releasing them.
"Così bello," Sherlock uttered inadvertently, before pausing and meeting John's eyes with obvious worry.
! J- John- T-turn it oo-off!" Sherlock moaned, voice high-pitched as the toy rode mercilessly against his now highly-sensitive prostate.
“Something’s on fire, and it wasn’t me,” Sherlock announced distantly as he exited the bathroom in his damp tan dressing-gown, distractedly towelling off his soaked, black curls.
you worried?" Sherlock mumbled in his deepest baritone, exhibiting his most winning, innocent grin at the same time, just as he lay back on the bed, sighing dreamily, extravagantly, and exaggeratedly.
Sherlock admirably pulled back the grin that was threatening to break on his porcelain face. "Just looking for damp and leaks. Structural anomalies in the walls. Can't be sure everything's straight in that room," he announced poker-faced, before murmuring to a flustered John. "Run, sweetheart."
