“Your scent is fuckable too, Cas,” Dean said, his sentences getting more and more ridiculous the more his rut took over, making it hard to think. “Getting-fucked-able,” he corrected himself.
“Jesus,” Dean whispered, tears in his eyes again, for a different reason this time. “I’m such an idiot.”
Dean wasn't sure if he was breathing or not, but he nodded, and at the first touch of Cas's hand on him, Dean's cock jumped again and the towel fell and bunched at the root of it, revealing him before Cas's eyes. Cas didn't touch his cock, however, instead loosening the towel and pulling the ends to each side, exposing all of Dean completely.
Dean appreciated Eileen's attempt to help, however, but it really only made the situation worse when Bobby's next question was: "Uncle Cas, are you in love with Dean?"
Cas raises his eyes. “I know.” He doesn’t promise that he won’t. Dean knows he’ll never get that promise, so he’ll take what he
Dean didn't know how he would have replied if they hadn't been interrupted right then by the sound of Eileen and Sam pulling into the driveway, and he couldn't tell if he was relieved or disappointed that he didn't get to find out how the rest of their interaction would have played out. It
"Yes, you forgot something in here," Cas called back, and Dean went back, wondering what he'd forgotten to bring. He was met in the doorway by Cas, and… oh, Cas wasn't holding anything for Dean to bring back out with him, or even letting Dean past him into the kitchen. But he was standing close to Dean, and getting closer, a happy smile on his face as he tilted his face to the side as he came closer still. Dean's heart started beating like crazy, and his eyelashes fluttered like he was in a damn Disney movie while his body decided it would be a great idea to lean closer to Cas. He was happy no one was in the dining room at the moment to see, because he was pretty sure Cas was going to— That they were about to have their first—
Cas points to the tungsten ring Dean was admiring earlier. “That one, maybe. Which one do you prefer?”
Cas hears Sam recite something in Latin to whoever it is he’s speaking to.
Cas twists the blankets with restless hands while he waits. As minutes pass, his thoughts become more oppressive, and finally the longing for Dean brings him to his feet and out of the room. He hears voices that he follows until he finds the two men. Sam is talking to someone on the phone, and Dean is pacing the floor.
“Yes,” Cas agreed breathlessly. “Yes, come on. Fuck me. And…”
humans, Dean was pretty sure of that.
It happens out of the blue – at least for Dean – but he has a pleasant beer buzz going on and he’s never been one to turn down a kiss, so he only needs a moment to process what’s going on before he kisses back. It’s different, feeling stubble against his skin and strong hands on his waist and jaw, but it’s surprisingly, undeniably
Dean felt a blush coming on, but Cas began to chuckle, laugh lines appearing at the corners of his eyes, and Dean couldn't help but release a relieved laugh of his own.
. What he said was, “This. Us. I can’t pretend anymore. I can't…” His voice broke, putting an end to a sentence he hadn’t known how to finish anyway.
"Too much?" Cas asks, as if reading Dean's mind.
He knows he’s right when Sam suggests that Dean get Cas to bed and goes off to sleep in his own bedroom.
“God,” Dean moaned as he slid out and pushed inside again. “Fuck, this is…”
Cas turned around and saw what Dean had chosen to wear for the parade, and he couldn’t help but smile. “Your old bi pride shirt? You don’t think it’s a couple of sizes too small?”
“I didn’t take a photo.”
"Whatever," Dean shrugged, knowing Cas would see right through him if he tried to lie. "Just don't tell anyone."
"How was that?" Cas asks, although Dean knows he can tell – he just wants to hear it.
Sam took in the scene in front of him – Dean and Cas with identical blushes, desperately trying to keep the kids from climbing on top of them – and his mouth fell open.
The grown-ups waited to open their gifts until after the kids had opened all of theirs and were playing with them on the floor. Dean and Sam no longer followed their tradition of crappy gas station presents, now that Sam was married to Eileen and Dean was… well. Things had only started happening between him and Cas the last few days, but they'd been giving presents and receiving presents together for years now. Dean wondered just when they'd started acting like they were married, and smiled at the thought that maybe they'd kinda-sorta been a couple for ages already, and they just didn't know.
But then... it travels across to the other side of Dean’s neck. The motion brings Matthew’s face closer to Dean, and
There are certain things he enjoys more than others, like the time that Rhonda made him try on her pink, satiny panties or when she used to leave teeth marks in soft flesh, or the time Lisa was in a playful mood and put a blindfold on him and called him a good boy afterwards. But it wasn’t him doing those things, and he was certainly not the one in control, like he thinks maybe he should be. Like he thinks other guys would want.
"Kids, I think that's enough," Sam interrupted, clearly worried that the kids were taking this too far (even though he was grinning), but Cas was already leaning in. He, too, was aiming for the cheek, however.
“See, Dean here thinks he’s good at hiding how he feels, but I know he loves you, Angel.”
"Fine, whatever. You win." He rolled his eyes for show anyway, but the joyous smile on Cas's face made his defeat feel more like a victory and warmed his heart almost as much as Cas pulling him to his feet and gently brushing the snow off his face did. The careful hands on his face made Dean feel off-balance – even though he should be used to Cas's lack of personal space by now – and he had to keep himself from swaying even closer to Cas. Conscious of the kids watching them, he pulled away as he wiped the last bit of snow off himself. "Come on, guys. Let's go get sandwiches and hot chocolate."
“Shall I get another room?”
telling me what to do and, um. Maybe… Maybe hurting me a bit.”
Cas stopped his careful descent down the stairs, eyes fixed on Dean, nostrils flaring. His senses were set to overdrive right now, Dean knew from experience, and Cas must be smelling the Alpha pheromones emanating from Dean. Dean recognised the hungry look in his eyes – knew he’d looked exactly like that many times before during his most desperate heats, smelling even the barest, lingering scent of Cas in his room – and he backed away, excusing himself.
Dean laughed despite himself; his emotions seemed to be doing some kind of weird ping-pong back and forth, and he was suddenly overwhelmed with happiness that they'd finally gotten here. That Cas wanted this to happen again. That he'd probably get to spend every night from now on – and some days – like this, in Cas's embrace. "Yeah. I think we can manage that."
Cas let him continue for a while as they kissed, but then he moved Dean's hand out of the way and took them both in hand. Dean gasped at the feeling of both of them sliding in and out of Cas's fist together, his fingers tight around them. There were other things he wanted to try with Cas, eventually, but right now he didn't need more than this. There'd be more than enough time for more in the future – maybe even before Sam and Eileen came back tonight, if Cas was interested.
“...Dean. Dean?
“Only you can decide if you want to have sex with her, Dean… but I would not mind watching if you do.”
The second one feels, if possible, better than the first, the sting enhanced by the burning feeling in his skin from the needle already underneath it. Dean's breath stutters, and he's already beginning to wonder whether this may become his new favourite thing for Cas to do to him.
Dean looked up at the lights again. They were awe-inspiring, and at times they seemed to shoot down closer to Earth. Somehow, looking at them, he could easily understand how people had imagined they could come down to pluck someone off the surface and take them away.  "Good thing I have my very own angel to protect me, then." Dean wasn't sure he'd meant to say that, and his heart beat just a little faster at his own words, Cas standing so close beside him.
"Dean." Cas looked spellbound, his eyes fixed on Dean as he walked over to him and sat down on the side of the bed. He reached out, a hand almost touching the skin of Dean's belly when he paused, eyes meeting Dean's again. "May I?"
Cas doesn’t know if he can believe that it’s true; thinks back to all the prayers Dean directed at him in Purgatory, all the prayers he ignored. A few of them were just like this one: just
“Honestly?” Dean feels bad about what he’s about to say, but he’s not going to lie. “I just kinda went with it.” He knows Cas well enough to recognise the signs that the angel wants to bolt, so he grabs his wrist. “But, Cas… it was nice. I wouldn’t mind doing that again, any time you want.”
“Hey, sunshine.” Dean sat down on the edge of the bed in his childhood farmhouse bedroom and ran a hand through his boyfriend’s hair. A smile tugged at his mouth – and his heart, watching Cas blink blearily up at him. “You done sleeping off dinner yet?”
It's hard. It usually doesn't take much for Dean to go into subspace when they're doing something he loves; when Cas manipulates his body expertly and praises him on how good he's being. He knows he can trust Cas fully – trusts him with his life – so he never has to worry about letting go. And very often, he
He closes his eyes and prays, again. Not to Cas this time.
And Dean wants to ask what he means, but he realizes when he sees the sadness that tinges the edges of Cas’s smile. “You… didn’t know I died? Didn’t you hear my prayers?”
"No. I wondered, sometimes. But I never knew. Thank you for not dodging the kids' questions."
“I’m okay.”
Cas's hand came up to cup Dean's cheek, and when he spoke, they were close enough that their lips brushed together, just barely. "You forgot this."
When it’s all over, Dean is too dazed to remember who came first and who came last – only that they all did, with a vague awareness that maybe his eyes met Cas’s when he came, but he’s not going to dwell on that. If it did happen, it was purely by coincidence.
“‘Cause I like the reminder that I’m yours.” It’s the answer Dean knows Cas hopes to hear, but he wouldn’t be saying it if it wasn’t the truth. Just like he knows Cas belongs to him. He reaches back to run a hand through Cas’s hair, to pull him closer, and it stretches the skin on his chest, but he ignores the stinging of the needles in favour of the sound of Cas’s breath speeding up, the feeling of Cas’s hips slamming faster against him.
does; he’ll float so far away that when it's time to come back, Cas has to place gentle hands on his face and ask him to until the words finally register with Dean and his senses begin to come back to him again.
Dean couldn't help but look up at the mistletoe every now and then, thinking about what it might be like to catch Cas under the mistletoe and kiss him, or maybe more realistically, to just give him a peck on the cheek like Cas had done to him (because Dean was kind of a coward that way). But Cas was never underneath it, so it didn't matter anyway.
"Oh." Cas chuckled, but this time his laugh fell more on the side of slightly awkward than amused. "I meant… stability. A normal life." A slight shrug, and then quieter, "Whether that involves me or not."
“The truth.”
"Don't be silly, Sam," Cas monotoned as he put the boy on his shoulders. "Dean and I are going to keep lifting them until they're 18, at least." Dean couldn't help but grin; maybe he was getting a bit sentimental, but it never failed to make him smile, the way Cas was with the kids and the way he seemed so secure in his place in this family.
Cas closes his eyes and shakes his head slowly, and when he opens them again, they have darkened. “You have a funny way of showing it.”
It's obvious even before Dean reaches for the belt that Cas is getting hard already. Dean feels the urge to avert his eyes, but – they're a bit beyond that now. His fingers tremble as he fumbles with the buckle, but that's just because Alicia reaches into his boxers and closes her hand around his dick. "Fuck," he breathes, eyes fluttering shut as he finally unfastens the belt. He can feel how his tugging is causing Cas to sway into his space, and he keeps his eyes closed until the belt is fully open and Cas is back in his own space again.
“You can, Dean,” Cas says, putting a hand on Dean’s neck and pulling him up for a quick kiss. “I’ll make sure you can accommodate us both. Do you want to?”
“Dean,” Sam interrupted, still not meeting his brother’s eyes, which was just as well, because Dean refused to meet his. “Just… let him borrow one.”
Cas’s next touch is reverent, a gentle grip on Dean’s hip – gloves gone now – and then Dean feels the tell-tale breath against his backside before Cas’s hands move to spread him open. Dean expects the wet touch that follows, but it still doesn’t fail to draw a sharp breath out of him.
“Hey.” Dean nudged Cas gently. “They adore you. No one blames you for needing some rest. You’re not used to spending New Year’s with some twenty-odd friends and family members.”
, all slow and intense, intoxicating his senses further. He doesn’t even care that he’s in a bar, kissing a dude – or at least someone who appears like a dude to everyone else – or that Sam might return from the bathroom and see them.
Dean hated that face Sam was making right now. The “patiently waiting for my brother to get his head out of his ass” face. Dean refused to rise to the bait, however, and finally Sam gave up on trying to get through to him without words. “Come on, Dean. Me, an alpha, helping Cas? I don’t know the first thing about going through heat. Besides, I think maybe he could use…” Sam looked down at his feet as he shifted his weight, arms crossed in front of him, “…one of your toys.”
~~~~~~~~~~
“Oh?” Cas smiles. “What did you say yes to, then?” he goads, but neither of them have even said the word “marry” yet, and Dean isn’t going to be the first to break. Instead he pulls Cas even closer, public location be damned, and places a soft kiss on his fiancé’s lips, the sounds of the mall fading away in the background as Cas wraps his arms around Dean and they let themselves get lost in each other for a moment.
He thinks about it the next time they’re at the local bar, but… vacation is over, and Sam and Eileen are
“I see,” Cas breathes when they break the kiss. Dean wishes they could keep going, but they can’t risk it – can’t risk not paying attention to their surroundings.
Once inside, they decided to use the shower in turns to get warmed up, and Cas insisted that Dean go first. When Dean came out of the shower, however, warm again and with a towel around his waist, he realised he didn't know what to do now; what Cas might want to do after his shower.
The time when his own confession slips out, it’s “Cas, I hope you can hear me.”
"I believe you're the pervert," Cas murmured with a smile. "You're the one who apparently wants to feel my erect penis."
“Don’t worry,” she assures him as she comes up behind him to lay her hands on his exposed hipbones. “I can appreciate a man undressing his friend. Go on.”
The sound of keys in the front door pulled Dean from his thoughts, and he realised he'd never taken his eyes away from Cas, who still wore the same smile.
Dean reached for the remote, opened the TV guide and made a happy noise when he saw that a rerun of Dr. Sexy was on. He was about to go to that channel when Cas grabbed the remote out of his hand. "We're not watching Dr. Sexy, Dean."
"And is that something you want? What Sam and Eileen have?"
Cas didn’t even get to open the box before he had his answer, eager and unequivocal, and with a brand new ring on Dean’s finger they kissed until there were no more insecurities and doubts between them.
Dean wasn't sure he'd heard correctly. "Sorry, what?"
kissing Cas, which is something he never even knew he longed for, but that the absolute joy it fills him with proves that he did.
"Charlie, Bobby, don't you think you're getting too big for that stuff?" Sam had a big smile on his face as he spoke and signed the words at the same time. It distracted Bobby enough that he didn't expect it when Cas suddenly picked him up and hoisted him up over his head, drawing sudden peals of laughter from the child.
Cas understand Dean’s hesitation, after his coma. “I’m not asking for sex,” he says. Then he adds, “Not tonight,” because he is looking forward to getting to know Dean’s body again – some other day. Soon. “I just want to feel the warmth of my husband’s body against me.”
So had Dean. He let his teeth sink into flesh, drawing a keening sound from Cas’s throat, long and drawn-out and unlike anything that had ever been produced by those vocal cords while Dean had been in control of them. Whether it was the mating bite or Cas’s cry that did it, Dean didn’t know, but he felt himself growing nearer to orgasm. His knot seemed to have stopped swelling, or at least it was stuck in there now, tugging at Cas’s entrance every time Dean pulled back to thrust and drawing another delirious moan out of him.
Cas is alive. Alive, and back from Purgatory.
He knocked.
Dean chokes on air. So much for that never happening. But… no, Cas doesn’t understand what he’s saying. What it means. He can’t. “Cas, that’s not—” he forces out, trying to keep his voice even. “This isn’t the kind of ring you just buy as a gift for someone. People give each other these rings when they get married. They, uh, they symbolise—”
He didn't mean to turn their next kiss more heated, but he did it anyway – or maybe it was Cas who did. Their tongues met and before long, heat started gathering in Dean's gut, and what had started as a soft, mellow make-out session soon became something more, both of them growing needy. Dean had felt this way about Cas for too long; he didn't want to hold back anymore. A desperate moan tumbled out from his lips, and Cas's hips dipped down – involuntarily, perhaps, like Dean's own hips pushing up against him in response.
Dean followed, and tried not to grin when Sam asked them if they'd seen the northern lights and Cas pretended he hadn't had anything to do with them. Apparently, they were going to keep it between the two of them that Cas had created them just for Dean.
Eventually his body started giving into the exhaustion from the last few months of hunting, now that he could allow himself a good night's sleep without worrying about anything, and he yawned.
Dean’s phone rang, and he didn’t even have to look at it to know who was calling. “Sammy.
Cas wishes he could remember how to read his husband. “Or are you not tired yet?”
ago, and here he was in an on-its-way-to-becoming-a-relationship with Cas. And yeah, they'd kinda done something sexual together already, but that had almost been more of an accident than anything. Not that it had been insignificant; far from it, it was just that he hadn't had to think about it, he had just done it. That had made it easier.
Up until now, everything he’s learned after waking up has felt like he’s gained something: a name, a husband, a home. Now he realises that isn’t true. Instead, he’s lost the life he used to have – a life he hopes he can rebuild with Dean.
Sam ran over to Dean, poker at the ready in case the ghost returned. With nothing else to fight the poltergeist with, however, there was no point in staying in the house longer than they had to, and they ran out of the house just as the poltergeist made a chair come flying at them.
“Like being given orders or being praised,” Cas nods, as if that is in any way, shape or form an acceptable thing to bring up.
Cas has asked him that before, multiple times. Dean’s answer is always the same as it is now: “I don’t know.” He’s never managed it – he’s not exactly a teenager anymore – but he always tries as hard as he can, and he’s gotten pretty close a few times, with the cane. He enjoys trying, for Cas, and he knows that’s all Cas expects of him – that he’s never disappointed in Dean for not being able to.
He watched Dean’s cheeks turn red, although he couldn’t fathom why, and then Dean rubbed a hand over the back of his neck. “So disappointed, you mean?” Head bent, he gave a self-conscious sort of chuckle and dropped his hand again. “I, uh… I might have hoped your flag meant you were into dudes one way or another, and that I might be able to ask you out.”
When Dean fell asleep that night, it was with a full belly, a full heart and Cas's arms around him.
Dean shook his head. He didn’t want to know how Sam knew about his toys, but it was evident that there was no use denying he had them. “It’s not sanitary,” he mumbled, before realising how stupid that was – Cas was literally in Dean’s body. It wouldn’t be any different from him using the toys. “Fine, I’ll go,” he huffed, stalking off without letting Sam get another word in.
heat? Sets off… Cas, I’ve never seen you in rut.”
"Very good," Alicia purrs close to Dean's ear. "Now his pants." Dean hesitates, but when his eyes and Cas's meet, Cas nods, giving him permission.
Cas wonders if this is what it feels like to be high, when Dean sucks a mark onto his neck, because he can think of no other way to describe this feeling. “Dean,” he keens, uncaring of what he sounds like. He hears Benny chuckle, but a glance at the vampire reveals that it’s not meant in an unkind way.
Cas holds up two shopping bags. “Almost. I only have one gift left to buy.” He glances past Dean’s shoulder, and then pushes into it – softly, but with no regard for personal space as Dean turns to the side to accommodate him, which still leaves precious little room between them. “Wedding rings?” Dean expects Cas to look confused, maybe, but his face doesn’t give anything away when he looks at Dean.
"You're doing this, aren't you?" Dean asked. "Cas, your grace…"
"You sure? 'Cause you see, now
“Holy shit,” he agrees, and Benny laughs.
"You do too much for me," Dean says, turning around so he can meet Cas's eyes as well as give Cas access to the needles.
Dean supposed it was, but that didn't change the way this conversation had his heart thumping just a little bit faster than normal. He was never going to dismiss any of the children's questions or give them bullshit answers just because he wasn't entirely comfortable, however.
“Trust me, they don’t,” Dean assured him with a kiss to the top of his head. “Now come on, or they’ll never forgive you for not making it to the bonfire by midnight.”
Dean seems to take pity on him; he reaches toward Cas’s face, as if he wants to cup his cheek again, but something’s stopping him. “Don’t be,” he says, hand hovering indecisively between them. “It’s not your fault your head’s been messed with.”
"Come on, dude." Dean blushed under Cas's gaze. "Say something. It's okay if you don't want to, I'll just sell the house, but—"
“You’re always in your room.” It looked like it pained Cas to have to produce sentences longer than three words. Dean could relate; his body had needs that it would much rather prioritise over speaking. “And I’m in mine. Your scent, Dean, it always affects me. It's…”
When he returns with the towel and enters the shower room, Cas is already standing underneath the spray. He's facing the wall, water running down his back and over the curve of his ass, clinging to his legs in rivulets that coalesce at his feet and disappear down the drain. It's the first time Dean has seen him like this, no trench coat or suit or
him to tell her no. “I mean.” He clears his throat. “What, uh. What do
Once, Cas even puts a hand around Dean’s neck and squeezes, but it’s gentle enough that Dean wonders if Cas just wants to see his reaction, to see if he’ll fight it. He probably couldn’t if he tried, and his eyes flutter closed as he relaxes into it. Cas releases his grip, and Dean automatically sways forward, seeking the touch again before he can catch himself. Afterwards, he wonders what the hell just happened, but he comes harder that night than he has in a long time.
It turned out there was time for both a round two
They did, in fact, make snow angels, but that only lasted until Cas decided to roll over into Dean's angel, tucking himself against Dean's side. "I'm not particularly fond of angels," he said by way of explanation. "I much prefer you."
The added pressure of Benny’s cock as it slides in next to Cas’s feels good, but the most arousing part of it all is Dean – the drawn-out, keening sound he produces as he’s slowly being filled up, fuller than he’s ever been before.
"Yes. I am."
"Yes." Cas smiled. "It has come to symbolise many positive things. It feels especially fitting to me that one of the things it symbolises is… love, in all its forms."
“He’s being very… forward,” Eileen says, turning back around, and that really tells Dean all he needs to know.
“This is nice,” Cas said softly, accepting a cup of warm eggnog from Mary with a nod of thanks. “Can we celebrate New Year’s with your family next year as well?”
Dean shakes himself out of it and wonders how long Cas has been trying to talk to him. “Hm?”
As happy as it made Dean to hear Cas express a wish to stay in bed longer together – as much as he wanted to – he also couldn't wait to show him the house. "I have something to show you. A surprise."
"Can Uncle Dean and Uncle Cas read us a book?" Charlie asked.
Cas looks at Dean quizzically when he steps into the shower immediately adjacent to his and turns on the water. Dean flushes hot and it's wholly unrelated to water temperature, but he lets Cas look. Reaches for the bodywash between them and begins cleaning Empty off his skin. He's never been more happy to see something disappear down the drain.
Dean did know; it wasn't the first time Cas had said it, but it was the first time Dean knew exactly what he meant by it, and the words brought him closer to the edge. He had only said those words once, himself – to Cassie – and he'd gained a greater understanding of what love was since then. What it meant to love someone so much you'd be willing to sacrifice your own life for them. So when he gasped "Love you too" close to Cas's ear now, it meant so much more than it ever had back then. It meant damn near everything.
It’s hard to answer the question when he’s never been conscious of this desire before, but he has to try. He desperately wants Cas to be pleased with him, and that’s a foreign and familiar thought all at once. It’s never been at the forefront of Dean’s mind like this before, at least, all-consuming. “I like the thought of… of someone else being in charge of me.” His face feels hot, and he wonders if Cas can feel that heat against his skin. “Of someone – of
“About what?”
It doesn’t take him long to realize that what he thought was freedom is… claustrophobic. Every road is the same, none of them anywhere closer to or further from a destination than any other. It’s like walking up an escalator going down, at a standstill even as he keeps moving because he never
“So… no regrets?” He had to ask. “You didn’t do any of it just because of the heat?”
He dared to look up at Sam again, and was instantly reminded of Mom – the way she'd looked at Dean sometimes when he was a kid, when she'd been extra proud of him. The exact same expression was on Sam's face right now: a sappy little grin and eyes that were a little shinier than normal. Dean wondered what Sam could read from his own expression.
It was far from the first time Dean had been naked in the company of someone else, but he'd never before
Dean turned around, worried. "What's wrong?"
a part of that community. It wasn't like he hadn't known he wasn't straight, but he'd never considered that it meant he was part of a group. That there were people out there who had struggled with the same things he had, and that he was allowed to identify himself with them. He'd always felt that the pride flag was for all those other people, not for him, but now – especially knowing Cas had had a part in creating rainbows to begin with— "As
Cas. In his own body. They were no longer tied – not now that Dean had his own, knot-less penis again – but he was still inside Cas, and he pulled out with a blush and rolled to the side. Alphas typically didn’t typically relish the idea of having anything (or anyone) inside them. “Sorry,” he mumbled, his voice wrecked from all the moaning Cas had been doing.
“Very well. Hands and knees.”
"Uh, sweetie, you can't come up here right now," he said to the girl, trying to maneuver Charlie out of the bed without the blankets slipping too far down while Cas was doing the same thing with Bobby on his side.
Dean had never imagined he'd be coming out like this, but… maybe it wasn't so bad. The kids were just curious; they didn't have it in them to be judgmental. Neither did Sam, for that matter. Still, Dean needed a deep breath while he prepared himself mentally. His eyes met Sam's, and there was an intensity in the way Sam looked at him that suggested the long pause had made it obvious by now that the answer might not be yes. Either that, or Sam had known all along.
Holy shit.
As if Benny can sense what Cas is thinking, however, he continues, “And I think Dean would be mighty pleased if you joined in, Angel. Three ain’t a crowd.”
“May I ask…” Cas held Dean’s gaze for a moment before his eyes flickered to the floor. “Never mind. You’ve made up your mind. It’s not my place to…”
But the fact that Cas knew Dean found Dr. Sexy… well, sexy, raised another question. "I, uh. I asked Sam if he'd known all along. It didn't even occur to me to ask you. You did know, didn't you?"
“For you, Dean?” Cas pulls away only to reach for Dean’s hands and tug him further inside – maybe to the double bed in the corner, or maybe just into the comfort of his new home. “Always.”
“Nothing,” Dean says truthfully, because that surely can’t be incriminating. No acceptance of the suggestion, no encouragement. He hasn’t done anything wrong.
, and it never failed to fill Dean with warmth when he entered it. Especially when it was decorated for Christmas, like now, the lights and garlands and figurines bringing Dean a sense of joy and wonder that he couldn't ever remember getting from Christmas as a child. Of course, the smell of Eileen's home cooking didn't hurt, either.
“You’re amazing,” Cas says once Dean has come down from the high of his orgasm, thrusting slowly up into him. Dean makes a soft noise at the words; he himself can’t even tell whether it’s meant as dissent or reluctant acceptance, but it makes Cas repeat the sentiment: “You are, Dean. You’re the most incredible human being I have ever met.” His voice is beginning to tremble with arousal now that he’s made Dean come and is finally letting himself pay attention to his own pleasure.
The bad thing about Sam and Eileen living all the way up in Vermont was that it was usually hard to find the time to visit unless there happened to be a hunt in the area, or Dean manned up enough to get his ass on a plane, like he had this time. The good thing about them living in Vermont was… well. This. The children had insisted on dragging him and Cas out to the backyard for a snowball fight, and they were now all playing in the snow, bundled up in warm winter jackets, hats, scarves and ski pants.
"Good night, Dean."
Cas, not what’s between your legs. Besides, y'know, I’ve got my trusty right hand, and there’s always toys to switch things up.” He immediately looked horrified at what had come out of his mouth. “Shit, sorry, is that inappropriate to say to you? Do you not want to hear about–”
Bobby giggled at Dean's new "Santa beard" and stood up to touch it, and almost immediately he, too, was hit by a snowball.
There’s a fierce blush on Dean’s face. Cas should save him from any further embarrassment and just go, but then Benny speaks. “He called out the wrong name.” He says it so easily, with a hint of a smile. Cas is almost sure Benny must be joking, but… Dean doesn’t deny it, he just looks away, anywhere but at Cas. “Not the first time it’s happened,” Benny shrugs. “He missed you an awful lot in Purgatory.”
Cas’s smile holds a hint of uncertainty as he looks down at Dean’s hand and squeezes. “I’m asking if you want me to give you a wedding ring, Dean. I’m not so unaware of human traditions that I don’t know what that means.”
“Well, what are you waiting for, ya idjit?” Bobby said to John, nodding his head in the direction of the box, and John shook his head and went to pick it up. Dean had forgotten how to breathe, and considering how perfectly still Cas was beside him, he probably had, too.
Cas’s heart skipped a beat, causing him to simultaneously trip over his feet, and Dean steadied him, looking exactly as flustered as Cas felt.
“Okay, that’s it,” Dean growls, more from embarrassment than anger. “Conversation over.” He turns the music up again, and thankfully Cas seems content to drop the issue, humming along to the song as if everything is normal. And when Cas still hasn’t mentioned it again when they go to bed in a new motel that night, Dean thinks maybe it can be.
“Maybe you should.”
“What?” That couldn’t be right. “No. No, I… I don’t smell like fuckable apple pie.”
“Oh, Dean. I’m sorry.” Cas’s voice was thick with emotion. “I didn’t know you would be so against it.”
"So," Dean said when they broke apart. "Snow angels?"
Dean is still wearing his t-shirt; Cas find the lack of skin-to-skin contact disappointing, and he picks at the hem, lifting it away from Dean’s skin. “Could you take this off?”
“I know,” Cas says now, a hint of smugness in his voice, and Dean would tell him off for being a smart-ass if he wasn’t too preoccupied with the building pleasure inside him. Then Cas murmurs, “I love you too,” and bites into Dean’s neck below his ear, and Dean lets out an embarrassing, breathy moan.
Relief washes over Cas; there couldn’t be an easier way to restore his memories than this. Just one quick kiss, and he’ll be able to remember it all again. Remember
“I..,” Dean glances softly at Benny. “I love Benny, too.” When he looks back at Cas, his gaze is still soft but has the barest hint of defiance in it, as if he’s daring Cas to have a problem with it.
Finding Cas is like a balm for Dean’s tired mind, even if it hurts to know that Cas ran away. At least now he knows that Cas is unharmed. That no matter what happens from now on, Dean will always know where Cas is and whether he’s in danger or not.
He didn't have to pull Cas off him; Cas was already moving, getting to his feet and offering Dean a hand up. "We should go inside." Cas was shivering, too, so he'd clearly used up too much of his juice to do anything about it.
"You, uh." Dean covered Cas's hand with his own, feeling daring. "You too. You know that, right?"
The nurse looks at a screen next to Cas’s bed, and then at him. “I’m glad you’re with us. Your husband has been worried sick.”
, which, I mean, technically you aren't one, but Matthew definitely is, and you've got man bits anyway, and – I mean, not that I'm interested in Matthew, 'cause I'm, I’m definitely not, but I had
Dean knows already that this area is particularly sensitive to pain from when Cas has used the flogger on him here; he hasn't even considered letting Cas use the cane on his inner thighs yet. Even the pinch of Dean's skin between Cas's fingers feels more sensitive here, and Dean is trembling when Cas asks him if he's ready, but he still nods, and then there's a sharp pleasure-pain as the thin needle pierces the delicate skin. When it exits, Cas lets go of the skin and produces a small cork – similar to a wine cork, but much smaller – from somewhere, and presses the end of the needle into it.
Cas remembers the comfort of Dean’s hand against his cheek at the hospital. He can’t wait to have more of that; to embrace his husband the way he’s been longing to do, despite not really remembering him. “I will if you come to bed with me.”
“Don’t,” Cas growls, and Dean’s heart begins a slow descent, like it’s a roller coaster at the top of a hill, preparing for the unavoidable, unforgiving plunge. “Don’t you dare use my emotions against me.”
They don’t talk about it during the walk back to the motel, which isn’t far away. Dean is making sure to keep at least a few inches between them as they walk, but he can’t help but glance at Cas every now and then to make sure things didn’t get weird between them. He can’t stand the thought of losing over a decade of friendship over… whatever the hell it was that just happened. Whatever the hell it was Dean just did, staring at his friend when that wasn’t what they had agreed on at all. Cas seems perfectly fine, however, meeting Dean’s gaze with ease; Dean would even say there’s an almost secretive smile on his face that Dean could swear wasn’t there before, and it’s… good to see. This was what Dean wanted to achieve that time he took Cas to a brothel, and he’s happy to see that he’s been able to do that for him (although, he has to remind himself, that smile is really Alicia’s doing, not his).
"I love you," Cas moaned when Dean put a hand of his own around Cas's. "You knew that already, but I do."
“Do it,” Cas urged. “I want it. For years, I’ve wanted…”
It hurts, but Dean bears it; bears it for Cas’s sake, bears it because he deserves this. Bears it because it’s his last damn chance of keeping Cas from leaving again.
That seemed to pique Cas's curiosity; his lips stopped in their path on their way back to Dean's mouth again. "What is it?"
When Dean wakes up in the morning, it’s to a cold bed and an unfamiliar ache in his body that he can’t quite remember the reason for – until he does, and his heart shatters into a million pieces.
“I am,” Dean blurts, before he realises how stupid that sounds. “I mean, my thoughts are all… jumbled right now.” He knows what it sounds like Cas is asking, but it seems impossible that Cas is asking him that. Yet his heart hasn’t received that memo, beating a wild rhythm against his ribcage. “I need to hear you say it before I can say yes.” He realises too late that he’s given away his answer already, but as humiliating as it is, at least it takes away the uncertainty that was written in Cas’s face, replacing it with crinkles around his eyes and a joyous smile.
As many times as Dean has imagined them naked and flush against each other, this is not how he thought it would go. But this, it’s… better. It’s perfect. “I love you,” he murmurs into the crook of Cas’s neck, and Cas shivers. “I love you,” he whispers once more against Cas’s jaw – and then a final, third time against his lips before Cas claims Dean’s in a kiss.
“What?” Dean looked at him with what appeared to be genuine surprise, as if he couldn’t fathom why Cas would think that. “What are you talking about? Of course you do.”
"Maybe I do." Cas squeezed his hand. It was enough to assuage the worst of Dean's worries that maybe he'd been wrong about the signals Cas had been sending him, but it did nothing to calm his beating heart. He squeezed back, however, and although there was no chance that sleep would come for quite a while yet, he closed his eyes as he made himself more comfortable, inching a tiny bit closer to Cas.
"Good boy," Alicia croons when Dean pulls down Cas’s zipper. The praise makes him shiver, and he accidentally brushes against Cas's dick with his knuckles. He blushes when he hears the quiet breath it pushes out of Cas.
, however. He debates asking Cas exactly why he wants Dean to watch, but quickly decides against it. Down that road lies… well, Dean isn’t sure what, exactly, and he isn’t about to find out.
symbol."
“If you want it to be.” Dean’s shrug was anything but nonchalant.
“Doesnt mat–?” Dean breaks off, scandalised. “Of course it matters. The whole point of watching is… y’know, getting turned on. You need to find at least one of the people involved attractive.”
"Who would have thought it would be the kids who'd finally get it out of me?" Dean asked, finally growing more comfortable with the topic. Cas was so non-judgmental – wasn't even straight
Sometimes Dean forgot how old Cas was. He couldn't wrap his head around it, Cas being around when Earth was created. Cas, his best friend who didn't quite understand social cues. Cas, who loved Netflix and small animals and cheeseburgers. Cas, whom Dean would do anything in the world for – and who had done anything and everything he could for Dean. He was older than the Earth itself, and had been more powerful than anything Dean could ever imagine. Even with reduced powers, he was… so much more than any human. So much more than Dean. It made him feel small.
The mug was really only a replacement for one that Dean had broken in the first place, so it wasn't much of a Christmas gift. The old one had been Cas's favourite because of how the lip of the mug felt, and while Dean hadn't been able to find the exact same mug, he'd found out which company had produced it, and they had several other mugs with the same shape. He'd picked one that had a drawing of a bee and said "Queen Bee" – he'd thought it was funny at the time, especially considering the time Cas had been covered in bees as well as the fact that Cas wasn't really a dude – but now he worried that maybe it was too flippant, and he could feel his hands sweating as Cas opened it. Even though it was just
They had to weave their way through the guests, earning whistles and catcalls on the way, but Dean was too giddy to let any embarrassment wipe the smile off his face.
"I was thinking I wanted to watch Love Actually. I've heard that it's a very good Christmas movie."
“That’s right, Dean. You’re so good for us,” Benny praises, and Dean pulls off Cas, blushing. He’s not comfortable with receiving praise, Cas knows, but he also knows Dean hasn’t received enough of it in his life. And for once, Dean doesn’t argue against it; his eyes just flutter closed as if there’s some part of him that enjoys it, that craves it.
"Keep talking, Dean."
Dean's cock is bobbing up and down, alternately straining up in search of friction and dipping down into the small pool of precum beneath it. "Look at you," Cas says, and the awe in his voice reveals that he's not unaffected by what they're doing; by the sight of the needles in Dean and the evidence of his arousal. "You're gorgeous like this. So good for me, Dean. Just three more now. Stay with me, and I'll give you what you want."
“Well, that comes in handy.” Dean covers Cas’s mouth with his own again, while his hands take advantage of Cas’s nakedness, running all across his chest, his back, his sides – and then finally where Cas wants them the most. The moan that spills out of him breaks their kiss, and then Benny is turning Dean’s head to the side and claiming his mouth.
The guy agreed, but he refused to go in with Dean and Sam. Dean didn't know if he should expect rotting floorboards that they might fall through, but when they opened the door and went inside, it looked… fine. Good, even. It seemed newer – or at least more recently renovated – than Dean had expected. There was no reason that he could see that the guy would have to sell the house cheap.
Cas shook his head weakly a few more times before he finally bowed it in acquiescence. “You’ll have to show me. I’ve never…”
Dean knew why he and Sam had had to come up with an excuse for leaving the house earlier in the day, namely a certain poltergeist (which had now been ganked) and a certain deed (that had now been signed). What he didn't understand was why Eileen and Sam had made up an excuse to send him and Cas off to the store now; it wasn't as if they were running out of food, toilet paper or anything else essential, and Sam had been looking pretty shifty-eyed when he'd asked them if they could take his car and go. Besides, it was kinda messing up Dean's plan to show Cas the house right away.
Cas headed toward the bedroom – and stopped in the doorway. On the bed was his ace flag, yes, but Dean’s bi flag was there as well, the two forming a diagonal cross, and on the wooden stick on each of them was… something shiny. Something metal?
“Hello, Dean.” The familiar words make Dean want to laugh and cry and wrap his arms around him. He does none of those things, however, because Cas continues, “So soon?”
Dean never needs much preparation these days, not with how often he has Cas or a toy inside him and how he's learned to relax his muscles, so Cas doesn’t make him wait. One finger quickly turns to two, twisting and turning for a few moments to make sure Dean’s ready before they’re withdrawn, and then Cas pulls at Dean’s waist. Dean goes willingly up onto just his knees, hovering over Cas’s lap where Cas positions his cock at Dean’s entrance. When he’s lined up, Dean sinks down, slowly, while Cas wraps his arms around Dean’s waist. Cas kisses his neck once he’s seated and murmurs praise in his ear, making Dean blush. It’s not a rare occurrence, but Dean doesn't think he'll ever get used to it – especially when there’s not much pain to distract him from the words – and so he tries to focus on the feeling of the needles again as he starts to move.
Dean had read something about that somewhere. Some people who cheated would act more affectionate toward their partners, to avoid suspicion. Dean wanted to believe this wasn’t about that, but the painful knot in his stomach told him otherwise, and every night he’d end up turning away from Cas. He ignored the way it only made Cas hold him even tighter.
“Come on,” Dean says when they part, and pulls Cas into the jewelry store by his hand. “Let’s get us some rings.”
Dean exhales a soft laugh through his nose, his mouth quirked. “Okay, look, I’m sorry, but you couldn’t be more wrong. Friendship is what all the best relationships are built on. And…” He sucks in a slow breath at the memory of their spectacular kiss. Takes in Cas’s handsome face, his eyes and his jawline that he’s never taken much notice of before, but now that he’s aware that Cas is in love with him, now that the idea of something more between them has been planted in his mind… “I have a pretty good feeling that the rest is going to develop in time. Honeymoon phase and all.”
The first five or so times Cas asked for permission to rim him, Dean said no, imagining that it would be gross and awful for Cas. In the end, however, he gave in, curious about the sensation, and he’s since realised that Cas wasn’t curious about it because of the act itself, but because he wanted to see Dean’s reactions to it. And boy, does he react. Nothing – apart from the cane (and, apparently, needles) can get him as hard as fast, and the dual sensation he’s experiencing now of the needles beneath his skin and Cas’s tongue working him open, is making him go crazy.
“Dean,” he said, his voice coming out with a fine tremor – he’d imagined this moment probably hundreds of times, but it turned out he still wasn’t prepared enough to keep his cool. “Dean, are those…?”
Despite the frequent Skype conversations that had taken place lately, there was still a lot to be updated on, like Charlie and Bobby's eager stories about things they'd been doing at school or with their friends. Stuff that involved teachers and children Dean and Cas didn't know, but it was important to the kids, so they loved hearing about it anyway. Dean was unable to follow everyone's signing – he knew some ASL by now, but not nearly as much as all the other people around the table – but as always, the conversation was both signed and spoken so both Dean and Eileen could easily follow what was being said.
Dean shrugs in response. It’s obvious that those were the rings he was looking at; he was standing right in front of them, so he can’t deny it. “Yeah, I mean… I was just looking. ’S not like I’m ever gonna have one, but, y'know…” He closes his mouth belatedly, shoulders hunching forward as he looks away.
He laughs breathlessly when their lips part. “That was unexpected.”
the apple pie, and Cas just gave me the most–”
“Dean.”
Which meant that naturally, he'd forgotten to pay attention to the sounds outside the room, and apparently Cas had too, because the door was pushed wide open and they sprang apart, clutching the blankets to their bodies as the kids came in. Of course. It was fucking
"Bobby, you traitor. You're on my—" Dean didn't get to finish the sentence before he had a mouthful of snow, generously put there by Cas. He spat it out and tried to flip Cas over onto his back, but he wouldn't budge. That was what it was like to wrestle an angel, Dean supposed. A cheating, no-good angel who used his (greatly diminished, but still no match for a human) powers for evil.
Dean knows, before the door opens. It’s still good to see him, though – to see him greet Dean with a warm smile on his face.
Dean feels strangely reverent when his stained clothes are finally lying in a heap on the floor and he's walking up to Cas. Undressed, bared. Stripped of everything but himself.
made rainbows?"
Dean fumbled with the key under Cas's curious gaze, and wondered if Cas suspected something. After all, why would Dean have the key to a random home in semirural Vermont? He held the door open for Cas, gesturing for him to go in first. Into their – hopefully – new home.
Dean hardly manages to catch his breath with the water running down their faces, but he can’t bring himself to care. He’ll happily drown in Cas.
Cas’s questions and Dean’s own compulsion to answer them truthfully make Dean feel vulnerable, stripped naked. He’s the only one who’s voicing his desires here, and while Cas’s body may speak of some of his own, there’s only so much bodily urges can tell Dean. They don’t tell him whether Cas wants the same thing between them that Dean does. “No,” he says, and then amends, “Maybe before. I don’t want anyone else now. Just you.” He squeezes his eyes closed. Only half an hour ago, he would have never believed he was anywhere near ready to tell Cas, and it feels scary to do so now.
“Look at me.” Cas tips Dean’s chin up with a finger. Dean doesn’t want to do it, but even so he finds some kind of pleasure in doing as Cas says, reluctantly meeting his eyes. “What do you want, Dean?”
Cas touched him back, gentle hands on Dean's hips as Cas pulled him close and hooked his chin over Dean's shoulder. "We could. Or maybe you would prefer a rematch of the snowball fight? Just the two of us?"
Cas regarded the plant in his hand for a moment. “We don’t have to, no. But…” He hesitated for a moment before he met Dean’s eyes. “If you wanted to, I wouldn’t object."
Dean wasn't good at taking compliments; he usually argued against them, but he wasn't going to be ungrateful to Cas. Because hearing Cas say those words… even while part of Dean wanted to disagree with them, there was another part of him that held on to Cas's voice uttering those sentiments, wanted to keep those words with him forever.
Cas hums thoughtfully. "I don't know if that's hygienic. We don't want to risk infection," he says levelly as he inserts a needle, and Dean's high enough on his own mind, on the hormones and chemicals his own body is producing, that he doesn't recognise it as teasing – Cas is an angel, surely hygiene shouldn't matter – and the word
Cas stood up and walked over to the door in silence. He paused at the door for a long while and then finally turned to look back at Dean. “Dean,” he said, his voice pained, and a faint hope fluttered in Dean’s chest; maybe he’d at least get something more out of Cas than the reaction he’d gotten. Maybe their relationship had been worth more to him than just an
"And if it wasn't for you specifically, all the grass and trees and shit would be colourless? So the Christmas tree in the living room…?"
"'M goin' under," he breathes. "Talk to me."
Dean wondered if Cas was fishing or just genuinely curious, and he met his eyes again. "I mean, I used to want those things, but not anymore. I've got you and Sam's family. That's enough." He carefully tried not to think about the fact that he was practically equating Cas to a wife, here, and whether or not Cas might pick up on that. "What about you?" Again, he tried to fake nonchalance, and again, it was probably unsuccessful.
“I’m yours, Cas. Only yours. Always.”
Cas wondered if it had been a mistake to decide to join the Pride parade. He wasn’t sure he even really belonged; his ace flag was the only one he could see amidst a sea of rainbow flags, bi flags, trans flags and other flags he didn’t recognise.
“But you’re not
Presents weren't the most important part of Christmas for Dean, but this was a pretty awesome and personal one, and it made Dean slightly nervous about Cas opening the gift from him: A Buffy box set (because he knew Cas loved watching the reruns despite his bitching about inaccurate portrayals of monsters) and a mug.
"Was it as magical as you imagined as a child?"
express them to the person they're directed at in one day. Especially if Cas doesn't return them. At least then Dean is safely hidden away from the disaster while it happens.
“I never got the chance to say it back, but I’m saying it now, ‘cause you deserve to hear it. I don’t know how long I’ve been in love with you, Cas, but I know it’s been a long time. I should’ve said it years ago, while we were both alive, but… I’m here now if you want me. Forever, so…” Dean drags a hand over the back of his neck and shifts his weight from one foot to the other. He’s still not nervous; not really. It’s just habits following him from one world to the next. If he’s honest, saying the truth out loud for the first time feels good – especially when Cas looks at him with wonder in his eyes.
"Hey, um," he said as Cas was about to make his way to the bathroom. "Afterwards, what do you want to—I mean, should I get dressed, or…?" He trailed off, fighting a blush.
there.
Jack doesn’t answer, and maybe it’s part of the whole
For a while, Dean thought he’d be happy here; he really did. It’s a new and improved Heaven, after all. He’s free to do what he wants, what he always enjoyed in life: driving on an endless highway, thrumming his fingers on the wheel to Jimmy Page’s riffs blaring from the speakers. There’s no speed limit, no alcohol limit, no case. Just him and Baby and the open road.
Cas pulled away, eyes big and worried until he caught sight of Dean’s smirk. “You’re mean,“ he grumbled.
"Here!" Sam said, appearing in the doorway.
“This is nice. Do you think you have room for one more person here?”
Until he remembered that he still hadn't gotten Cas back for the snowball fight.
delusional."
“I think… I want you to put it on my finger,” Cas said, a happy laugh making its way out his throat as he felt tears well up in his eyes, and with a reaction much like Cas’s, Dean slid the ring off the wooden stick and onto Cas’s waiting finger with shaking hands.
Cas looked genuinely curious, and Dean would have smiled to himself if they’d been talking about something else. Only Cas could be so clueless.
"You're both fine with that?" Cas's voice is deeper than Dean has ever heard it, and it sends a shiver down his spine that has him thrusting up into Alicia.
“As discipline?” Cas murmurs, and Dean has to think about it, because he hasn’t yet familiarised himself with these wants. And oh, he likes the thought of Cas punishing him.
Dean's head whipped to the side; sometimes, Cas could still sneak up on him as silently as when he'd still had his wings.
"Did you know?" He mumbled it into Sam's shoulder, and felt the soft chuckle in response.
“But… Bobby said you helped Jack with the, uh. Heaven refurbishing.”
Dean stops getting arrested so much eventually, but then there’s Cas instead of those cops. Cas, who sometimes gets angry when Dean does something reckless (like endanger his own life, mostly) and slams him into a wall, bristling with anger. Dean’s fully aware that Cas could obliterate him if he decided to, but it does nothing to subdue the situation in his pants; if anything, he thinks maybe the thought makes him even harder. That might just be because of the slight crush he has on the angel, however.
He prays every now and then – if what he does can even be called a prayer, but Cas has always treated it as such. “Cas, got your ears on?” he’ll start with, or even “Cas, you bastard.”
Everyone had been fed and their glasses filled – more than once, which contributed to the high spirits – and now everyone was catching up with people they hadn’t seen in a long time or getting to know people they’d never met. Dean had gone the rounds, talking to everyone and hugging his loved ones. Jo, Ellen and Charlie had gotten the longest hugs of them all; he’d tried the same with Bobby, but had hugged the wrong one and been called an idjit for it.
"You're the one who has showed me everything that has ever mattered to me, Dean. The time I have known you may be short compared to the rest of my existence, but it doesn't feel that way. It feels like this – the time I have spent in your presence – is the only time I have truly lived. The rest of my existence pales in comparison."
It’s not until they’re in the car that Cas learns his husband’s name, when Sam says it: Dean. Cas likes the name; likes having something to call him in his mind now. “Dean,” he says, trying out how the name feels on his tongue.
By the time Sam was standing in the living room, everyone in the house knew that Dean and Cas had slept together in the same bed last night.
"Sammy! You out there?" he called. He hoped Sam was. It would be humiliating to have him come in here and see them like this, sure, but at least it would be better than this.
“Right.” Dean ignores the look Cas is giving him, although seeing it out of the corner of his eye makes him break out into a sweat for some reason he can't pinpoint. “Good. Okay, she told us to get comfortable, so...” He begins shrugging off his flannel and very carefully does not look to see what Cas might be taking off. When he’s down to his pants and underwear – both of which he’s planning on keeping on until Alicia comes back – he chances a look at Cas, who has taken a seat in a recliner in a reading nook close to the bed. He is still fully dressed, even wearing his damn trenchcoat.
And maybe Cas felt the same way Dean did about those compliments, because he only hummed in response, but a faint smile tugged on his lips as he looked at their hands on Dean's thigh.
scent.”
, and oh, wasn't that something?), not quite ready to stop talking to Cas yet. "Thanks for showing me the aurora tonight, Cas. That was really something."
It was obvious that Dean did
The Bunker had been decked, not only with holly, but with garlands, wreaths, decorations and mistletoe. A year ago, Dean wouldn’t have thought he would be alive by now – much less that Naomi would have brought back everyone he and Sam and their chosen family had lost as a result of the hunting life, as a thank you for sending God into the Empty. Turned out, a bunch of previously deceased people as well as Dean’s miraculously never-deceased friends made for one hell of a Christmas celebration.
The blush hadn't receded from Cas's face, but he covered up his embarrassment with a smug expression. "Oh, really?"
"Weirder than when you were doing it a moment ago?" Cas asks, head cocked to one side.
Dean considers lying once more, but... there’s no reason he can’t tell Cas what just happened, is there? If he refuses to tell Cas, then that would imply Dean had a Reaction to it – which he didn’t. He certainly hasn’t been imagining the very scenario the waitress proposed.
Despite how casually the words were said, the implied promise in them made Dean's breath catch. "Yeah," he said, emotion bleeding through in the word. "Every goddamn day, Cas." Then he was pulled into a long, slow kiss that that lasted several minutes. Eventually, however, he pulled away reluctantly.
"Relax,” Cas says, rubbing a comforting thumb over the skin beneath it. “If you can manage to stay with me until I've placed the last needle, we might be able to work something out."
This time, it was Dean who responded with, “Oh,” and then his face fell a little. “Yeah, uh. Cool.”
“Dean.” Cas interrupted Dean’s rambling, and Dean finally made himself look at Cas, who was looking right back at him with big eyes, a mix of disbelief and expectancy on his face. “If you’re talking about what I think you’re talking about, you better not make me wait for it,” he warned. “You can’t just say those things and then not –” He drew in a deep breath as if he didn’t dare to continue the sentence lest he be mistaken.
but he doesn’t want to go under. He wants to feel every moment of this, so he forces himself to focus his thoughts, to answer Cas when he asks if Dean's all right. To stay here with Cas and the sharp, delicious pain he elicits every time he inserts a new needle, every time he tugs or twists the ones that are already inside.
“Are you able to make it out of there?”
Cas moaned when Dean closed his hand around his cock. He'd never done this before, not to anyone but himself, but he enjoyed the way Cas reacted; the way he pushed himself into Dean's grip and tightened his fingers around Dean's arm.
"Dean," Cas laughed all of a sudden, his voice warm and his eyes full of mirth. "Relax. Poltergeist?" He shook his head. "Never mind, you can tell me later. But Dean…" He squeezed Dean's hands gently, even though they were clammy and almost slipping in his grasp. "Nothing would make me happier than moving here with you."
“Love being marked by you,” Dean gasps. “No matter how.” The words have an effect on Cas, making his breath stutter, and then he speeds up, hands on Dean’s hips, pulling in sync with his own thrusts.
The snow crunched underneath their feet as they stepped out of the taxi that had taken them from the airport. Dean breathed in deeply, the Vermont winter air cold and fresh from the snowflakes flurrying around in it, and he took in the sight of the familiar house in front of them, a warm glow coming from inside. Beside him, Cas's hair had already begun to collect flecks of white, and as the car started driving away, they walked up the stairs to the porch. The front door was decorated with branches of spruce adorned with lights and a red bow tying them together.
“No.” Dean hangs his head. “Sorry. I didn’t mean—” He’s unable to continue when a lubed finger – Cas must have used his grace, because the lube should still be in the bedside drawer – pushes inside him and makes him gasp.
Cas’s breath hitched, his hand covering his mouth – and the next moment Ash was heard calling out, “Happy New Year!” from somewhere nearby, announcing the stroke of midnight; he’d clearly wandered off somewhere, unaware of what was going on. Dean couldn’t help but laugh, and then Cas cracked up. And then everyone else started, too.
"Hey, Cas," he says, his voice ever so slightly strained. "If you want to touch yourself, y'know, that's cool."
"About your crush on Dr. Sexy?" Cas teased again, making Dean huff an embarrassed laugh. "I did," he continued, more serious now and definitely not talking about Dr. Sexy anymore. He still said it in a way that let Dean know it wasn't a big deal to him, however. "I knew. I hoped you'd be comfortable enough to tell me sometime. To tell all of us." He laid a hand just above Dean's knee and squeezed. Dean knew it was just a show of support, and yeah, it was comforting, but Dean also had to push down the warm feeling he got that had nothing to do with the comfort of it, and more to do with the fact that his crush on Cas was way bigger than his crush on Dr. Sexy.
"Like a baby," Dean answered truthfully, because he knew she wasn't trying to make fun of him.
“’M not Cas,” Dean said, clapping his hands together and giving Sam a shit-eating grin. “We found a way to break the curse. We just had to go full American Pie.”
“Cas,” he said, the tremor from before even more evident in his voice now, but the wonder in Cas’s eyes gave him the courage he needed to continue. “I wasn’t planning to do this quite like this. But… I guess it’s kinda fitting that it’s happening in front of my family, ‘cause… Cas, it would mean the world to me if you would be my family, too.”
They stood like that, hugging, for a long time, and Dean felt tears prickle in his eyes even as he wondered how the cross-examination of Cas might be going down
It's somewhat of an epiphany when he realises he can just… tell Cas it's fine if he wants to do just that. Like he said earlier, it's not like Cas is purely an observer; Dean can interact with him if he wants.
, makes him anticipate what's to come.
“Here, son.” John handed the box back to Dean and squeezed his shoulder, giving him a secretive smile.
Dean felt utterly unable to move or speak for a moment – until Cas’s face began to fall. "No, hey. I, uh.” He grabbed Cas’s hand to keep him from turning away, and the mistletoe fell to the floor. “I – I do. Want to. Even without the greenery.”
Dean doesn’t know if he walks for hours or days or even weeks; seconds blur into minutes blur into hours in this place. He doesn’t need to eat, doesn’t need to sleep, he just walks and keeps walking. It reminds him of another afterlife, another journey through a forest, only then he knew what he was trying to accomplish. It’s less clear now, but the thumps in his chest still sound the same.
“Yeah.” Dean looked over to where Jack was sitting with his mother, still looking awestruck at having her there. Dean knew he had no claim on any kinship to the kid, especially after what had gone down when he’d lost his soul, but his heart still sank as he watched them. “Guess we’re not dads anymore now that she’s back, huh?” And then his heart plunged further as he realised something. “I mean, unless you…” Dean didn’t want to say it, didn’t want to entertain the possibility, but Cas and Kelly had had some kind of connection. Hell, she had told Jack that Cas was his father. “Unless you and Kelly…” He looked down, wishing he still had a glass in his hand that he could pretend to be studying instead of his feet.
And when Cas whispers praise into his ear later that night, in the afterglow of their first lovemaking, Dean wraps Cas's arm tighter around himself, feeling safe and warm and assured that from now on, they won’t need any partners but each other.
weird, watching Cas's chest be revealed underneath his fingers, one button at a time. Not necessarily a bad weird, however. A strangely exhilarating weird. He attributes it to knowing that Alicia finds it arousing, and not at all to Cas's steady gaze on him. Because that would be even weirder.
Cas, it seemed, had no trouble with baring his flesh, easily discarding the towel before he lay down next to Dean and kissed him, slow and intoxicating. Dean skimmed his fingertips over Cas's side when the kiss ended, and smiled at the goosebumps it drew from Cas.
"Yeah," Dean agreed, tired for the moment, but not too tired to start looking forward to the next time already. He checked his watch. "Round two before Sam and Eileen come back? We have two more hours, and I wanna try giving you a blowjob."
"Not alone. But yes. I had an affinity for humans, and wanted to give them something beautiful."
Eileen laughed, and then the playful look on her face turned into a soft smile. "So… is there anything going on between you two?"
When she leaves, Castiel expects that they’ll wait for the doctor to arrive; instead, his husband asks if he’s okay to stand, okay to walk. Puts a tan trench coat over Cas’s hospital gown and tells him they need to leave. Cas trusts him, and together they walk out of the room, an arm slung around Cas’s waist supporting him even though it’s not really needed.
"You like 'chick flicks', Dean." He didn't use air quotes anymore, but Dean could still hear them in his speech.
“Okay.” He swallows. “Yeah, okay. Guess we better give Cas some privacy.” His own words sit wrong with him, somehow, but he can’t figure out why. Instead of dwelling on it, he turns away from the sight of Cas and the man and tries to steer the conversation onto something else – which turns out to be surprisingly easy, as Sam and Eileen don’t seem half as disturbed to find out that Cas is into dudes as him.
Dean woke up again on Christmas morning with Cas's body molded against his back, skin touching skin and their feet tangled together. He smiled and pushed back against Cas's body while tugging Cas's arm more firmly around him, which caused Cas to stir, nosing against Dean's hair and embracing him sleepily for a moment before suddenly going rigid and pushing himself away.
Eileen turns around just as Sam says, “Dude, is he… flirting with Cas?” Which is exactly what Dean is hoping to find the answer to. Although the hand that has now made its way onto Cas’s thigh really answers that question for him, he supposes, and… Cas isn’t rebuffing his advances. In fact, Cas is smiling and maybe even leaning a bit toward the guy, and since when is Cas into men??
There was little time to reflect on how this was his first time doing this before Cas reached back and pulled his hips down. Dean was only too happy to oblige, finally sinking into the feverishly warm body beneath him.
Specifically, it begins with a proposition from a cocktail waitress while Cas is in the bathroom. She introduces herself to Dean as Alicia, and she is totally his type: brunette, hot and her hips don't lie. Any other time, he’d say yes in a heartbeat. However, this roadtrip is his and Cas’s well-deserved vacation after saving the world for the n-th and final time (while Sam and Eileen are off on their own trip to Paris), so Dean isn’t going to leave Cas all to himself, and he declines, explaining that he can’t leave his friend. What he doesn’t expect is Alicia’s response.
Like the place where he found Cas in Purgatory the first time, apart from the green foliage on the surrounding trees.
Sam and Eileen's house was an old, but renovated, farmhouse that she had inherited seven years ago now from a great-uncle she hadn't even known about. It had come at an opportune time for her and Sam, just as they had been ready to retire from hunting and settle down together. Dean had always liked the house. It felt like a proper home. More so than the bunker – not that Dean didn't feel at home there, but… the reality was that it was still a bunker: a concrete block that also served as their headquarters. This, however… this was a
Sam denied it vehemently, saying it was all lies, but Bobby piped up with a "But Daddy, you still have a bump on your head from when you went to get the other boxes," which shut Sam up and gave Dean something to laugh about.
Cas’s arrival brings Dean to a stop, and he meets Cas’s eyes with a worried look. “We’re trying to fix it,” he says. “We’re trying to fix you.”
“If you asked me to go out on a date with you…?” He prompted, feeling breathless, hoping Dean’s next words wouldn’t be a question about whether he’d be willing to have sex anyway.
Once again, Cas reached back – for Dean’s head this time, pulling him down so Cas could turn his head to the side and scent him. Dean scented him back, riding the high from the pheromones Cas was emitting as he let his entire body sink down against the one beneath him and began to fuck him in earnest.
“It’s, uh.” Sam eyes their interwoven fingers. “True love’s kiss.”
Dean shook his head. "Nah. I remember seeing pictures of it as a kid, though. It seemed so distant from all the crap we were dealing with, y'know? It seemed kinda… I dunno, magical, or something." He shrugged, kinda embarrassed at the admission, but hell, if anyone was allowed to think something was "magical", it was children. Not that Dean had ever really had the opportunity to be a child.
Cas moaned, voice broken and husky and
His movements make the needles in his thighs burn, the skin stretching as he raises himself up and then jiggling as he bounces in Cas’s lap; he’s not as fit as he used to be, a few extra pounds of fat cushioning certain areas here and there, but Cas never tires of telling Dean how much he loves his body, so Dean’s not as self-conscious about it anymore. And right now, that extra bit of padding is adding to the sensation, so he can’t really complain.
Sam was a great hugger. Dean would deny it until his dying day, but there were few things that were more comforting than being enveloped in those giant arms. Especially right now, and he wrapped his own arms around his brother's back and held on. He'd told Sam – finally – and Sam was okay with it. Was happy Dean had said it.
"You're doing so well, Dean. Can you take more?" Cas asks, and Dean nods. He doesn't even care where; Cas could probably suggest piercing his nipples or his dick right now, and he wouldn't even hesitate.
Dean exhaled a quiet "holy shit" in wonder. When he met Cas's gaze, Cas looked as awestruck as Dean felt, except he was looking at Dean, not the spectacular light show in the sky.
“I’m still sorry.” Cas catches Dean’s hand with his own. He pulls it closer and places a kiss in the middle of Dean’s palm. “I wish I could remember our marriage.”
It turned out the guy hadn't been quite truthful when he'd said
The fact that Cas was inside Dean’s own body, that the voice was Dean’s own, didn’t seem to matter one bit to Dean’s (well, Cas’s) dick. “Yeah.” His voice came out hoarse, and he cleared his throat. “This, right?” He held out the dildo he’d brought.
“Dean, what…?” Sam says, and Dean doesn’t answer, because he doesn’t know what the hell he’s doing either. “Is this another gay thing?” Sam calls after him as they’re leaving. Dean’s answer is a middle finger in the air. He’ll deal with Sam and his questions later, probably by pretending he can’t hear them.
Dean despairs; Cas is right, of course. How the fuck does he fix this? He can’t. He can try, but he knows the way he’s treated Cas is unforgivable. Still, Cas remains where he is, looking at Dean as if he’s somehow still holding out hope that Dean has a good enough excuse, a good enough reason for his behavior. Dean wishes he did –
“Four parents? He said that?”
“She wants me to watch you have sex with her?” Cas finally asks, his tone perfectly neutral, and Dean curses him silently for being able to just… come out and
The kiss, when it finally happened, wasn’t perfect; their teeth clashed because they couldn’t keep from smiling, and their noses bumped when they tried again, too eager, but none of that mattered – not when they had all the time in the world to get it right. Besides, the third time turned out to be the charm anyway. And the fourth, and the fifth, and… well. Dean had completely lost count by the time they tucked themselves into bed – together, for the first time out of many to come.
The last words Sam and Eileen heard as they left the kids' room were from the book Dean had gotten them sometime last year: "That Sam-I-Am, that Sam-I-Am, I do not like that Sam-I-Am."
Cas feels slightly nauseous, and it’s a feeling he didn’t even know he could experience. Dean and Benny have a… a thing. Maybe even a relationship, and it’s all Cas’s fault. Benny was the one who was there for Dean when they were in Purgatory; Benny was the one Dean could turn to, the one he could trust.
"Stay with me, Dean," Cas says when Dean's eyes flutter closed as the second to last needle enters his skin. "You want me inside you, don't you?"
He hasn’t stepped foot in a jewelry store since the time he bought Lisa a bracelet, and he doesn’t enter the one he ends up in front of now, but he does look at the displays. On the left side of the entrance there are pendants and earrings, and on the right side are rings in all shapes and sizes. It’s the wedding rings that catch his eye, for some reason; it’s not that he’s in a situation where he needs to be looking at them, but… maybe that’s exactly why he does. Because they remind him of the life he used to want. What he could have had, if Dad hadn’t brought him and Sam up to be hunters.
Dean hasn’t said more than a single word since Cas arrived, and Cas can’t take it anymore; can’t take this silence from Dean while Benny is the one to tell him these things.
like they were on the same page, but it was hard to tell with Cas. The same guy who had called Sam an abomination without actually holding any ill will towards him could just as well tell Dean he liked him in what came off as a romantic way, without actually meaning it like that.
“Why not?” Sam’s brow furrowed as if the answer wasn’t obvious. As if Cas’s omega scent wasn’t so damn overpowering it was hard to think around him.
"Now you're both under the mistletoe!" Bobby said eagerly. "You have to kiss!"
“I love you,” Dean exhales. It slips out of him, sometimes, during a scene or during sex, when he’s not paying attention to what he’s saying. That was how he first told Cas he loved him, before he'd blurted out his safeword in panic – and then Cas had stopped what he'd been doing, embraced Dean and told him emphatically that he loved him back.
“You mean, was that a true love’s kiss?” Cas doesn’t want to keep Dean waiting for the answer longer than necessary, but he can’t help but take a moment to memorise the way Dean looks right now. His heart swells at the naked emotion on Dean’s face, a testament to just how much the answer matters to him. How much Cas means to him.
a thing that’s ever going to happen. “Uh, yeah. The same one.”
The kids were really asking the difficult questions today. They were probably gonna grow up to be lawyers, like their dad had tried to do, cross-examining the witness and all that. "Ah." Dean scratched his neck, trying to figure out how to navigate this conversation without disillusioning the children or revealing too much. "I… of course I love him, buddy. It's just… there are different kinds of love, y'know, not just the romantic type. I mean, I love you guys, too." He leaned down towards them and lowered his voice, pretending to whisper, "And I even love your big old oaf of a dad. But don't tell him I said that." The kids giggled, and Dean could only hope that that signalled the end of the conversation.
A breathless sigh of awe escaped Dean as his stomach flooded with warmth, and he swiped to the next picture. It was taken inside Baby, and once again Cas was in the foreground, Dean in the background, and Cas was holding up that same note. The next picture was much the same, as was the one after that and the one after that.
Well. Fair point – one Dean only grunted in response to before he changed the subject. "I wonder what the hell's wrong with this house since he's so desperate to get rid of it. Looks fine to me," he said as they looked into the upstairs bathroom. It had a large shower, a nice bathtub, and the grout between the tiles looked absolutely fine.
Dean and Eileen were in the kitchen, making dinner together when Sam and the kids came back home from a shopping trip, and Bobby eagerly held up a tiny, white bag for Dean to see.
he was into dudes now. And he knew Cas did, too, and the subject of their potential feelings for each other had been brought up by the kids. It would become the elephant in the room – at least for Dean (he didn't know how Cas felt about it) – if they didn't address what had happened somehow.
They’re both breathless when they part, but Dean can still see doubt in Cas’s eyes, and he needs to distract him from it. “Bedroom?” he asks, ignoring the tight knot of uncertainty in his stomach at the idea of having sex with someone with a male body for the first time, when they’re in a situation where they don’t have trust between them. Out of all the ways Dean has imagined this going down, this particular scenario was never one of them. But Cas nods, and Dean swallows down his hesitation and leads the way.
“I see,” Cas says in a way that – frighteningly – makes it seem like he does, in fact, see. Like he
Dean smiled at the kids' enthusiasm, and turned to Cas again. "Come on, let's go. I know you like hot chocolate just as much as the kids do."
It earns him a hard smack on his ass, and his cock approves, jerking upward.
The gift he got from Cas was a Blue Öyster Cult vinyl he didn't already have and a new robe; Dean's Dead Guy Robe was old and starting to come apart at the seams. He'd been planning on fixing it, but knowing their lives, he probably would never have gotten around to it. And he liked this one. It resembled the old one a bit, but it was a grey plaid and a bit softer.
Two of the more untraditional sets have a men’s ring that Dean could easily picture on his own finger – one is a white gold with a darker inlay in the middle, and the other is made of tungsten carbide and has a rope pattern going around it. He can’t decide which one he likes best.
Cas shrugs. He should have realised he ought to have said something. “I suppose it didn’t occur to me how important the past is to you. To me, there is no past. This is all there is – right here and now. I was just happy to be with you in the present.” It’s not a good excuse, but it’s the only one Cas has. “I’m sorry,” he repeats, feeling small.
Dean’s breath speeds up, and he nods. “Yeah. Shit. But…” He ducks his head. “I still wanna feel the, uh. Stretch.”
Benny adds another finger, which draws a whine out of Dean and seems to remind him what he was doing. And this time, his moans are even louder around Cas’s cock as he fucks himself back on Benny’s fingers, which soon become three. Cas feels his arousal build as he watches those three finger go in and out of Dean, and he has to use his grace to keep himself from coming in Dean’s mouth.
“Listen, Cas –” Dean says in a pained voice, but he’s interrupted by Sam, who’s finished talking on the phone.
That night, in bed, Dean gave Cas a good night kiss. There was a short, scary moment when he felt like maybe this still wasn't something he was allowed to do, like he'd imagined everything that had happened between them up until now, but then Cas melted against him and his worries vanished. He didn't notice falling asleep, but he slept soundly all through the night.
"Because I want to enjoy a nice evening alone in front of the TV with you, Dean." Dean's mind halted. That sounded awfully romantic, and he wondered if Cas knew that it came off that way. "I want to watch something nice, not a rerun of a bad TV show."
“Patience,” he said, despite having very little of it himself. He pulled his boxers off and straddled Cas’s ass, positioning himself against the slick opening. The dick in his hand – Cas’s – was thicker than his own, especially at the base, where Dean knew the knot would swell further once it was inside Cas.
Cas shook his head against Dean’s shirt. “But they’re such lovely people. I don’t want them to think I don’t like them.”
Hands trail over skin while they kiss, down, down, until they find hardening flesh. It’s rapturous and blissful and euphoric, and when they finally call out each other’s names, Dean feels well and truly cleansed of the Empty. In fact, he thinks he’ll probably never feel empty again.
Cas lets go of one of Dean’s wrists and slides his hand into Dean’s hair and tugs, making Dean’s scalp prickle and his eyes water, but it’s good. No, scratch that, it’s amazing.
Cas snorted. "You're full of yourself, Dean." His face softened, even as he shook his head. "But you're not wrong."
Dean tried to think of any other explanation. Anything else at all Cas could be doing except the one thing Dean could think of. The one thing he desperately didn’t want to be true. The one thing he had hoped, if it
“Don’t do it again,” Dean finally says, quietly so that he doesn’t wake Benny. “Don’t… leave. Even if you think you’re protecting me.”
For a moment, it all felt kinda scary – he'd lived with this secret for so long now that it was kind of intimidating to face them all without that mask he'd worn all his life – but then Sam shushed the kids while Eileen came forward to give Dean a big hug, and Dean tried to fight the tears that were welling up in his eyes. He had never known how emotional it would actually be to come out. He'd expected the main feeling to be nervousness, but along with it was also an overwhelming feeling of relief, catharsis and something he couldn't quite put his finger on that wasn't actually sadness – far from it – but still threatened to make him cry.
After Dean meets Benny, he’s able to get more sleep; they take turns resting and keeping watch, but he’s still always on edge. He wakes up whenever a creature attacks and Benny kills it, or whenever he hears a sound. Or when he has nightmares, which is pretty much always, his mind filling with images of Cas being ripped to shreds by monsters nightly.
There's no real need for the gloves or the alcohol swabs – not when Cas’s grace would do the trick, but Dean appreciates it anyway. It sets the scene, gets him in the right headspace. It's their first time doing this particular thing, and while he's not worried – it was his idea, after all, and they wouldn't be doing this if he wasn't certain he wanted it – he doesn't know what to expect. The touch of Cas's fingers, almost clinical apart from the comforting way his touch lingers slightly longer than it has to, makes Dean relax into the mattress beneath his back at the same time as it makes him
?” Dean asks. “You want me to watch you guys?”
Cas smiled, looking amused again. "Yes. They did."
Dean chuckles and shakes his head. “You absolute lunatic, Cas, asking me to marry you minutes after our first kiss.”
"Fuck. So good, Cas," Dean breathes. He wants to ask for another one, but he knows it's coming anyway. Besides, impatience never gets him anywhere with an angel who has literally lived for millennia, and he doesn't want to prolong the wait.
While they were drinking their hot chocolate, they also set about decorating the tree, which the kids had insisted stay undecorated until Dean and Cas arrived so they could take part in decorating it. Which really just meant sitting on the couch, getting the decorations out of the boxes and untangling Christmas lights and watching while the kids did most of the decorating, hanging baubles, popcorn garlands and other decorations – some of them made by the children – on the tree.
Dean could just barely make out Cas's gentle smile in the darkness.
He didn't notice until he heard Cas's deep, velvety "oh" and the way his eyes darkened when he looked at Dean, that his towel was tented – not fully quite yet, but enough that in a few moments, the loose flaps of the towel would give way and fall down, exposing him. Just the thought of it made his dick jump, considerably shortening the amount of time it would take before it happened.
Dean tried to get the remote back, but Cas held it out of his reach. "Come on, dude. You never have an opinion on what to watch. Why do you care now?"
Dean thinks he knows the answer, but he asks anyway: “What do you want it to be, then?”
And when they walked in the parade, Cas cheered like never before and held his flag extra high, his new ring glinting in the sunlight while he felt Dean’s pressed against the fingers of his other hand, a testament to what they meant to each other and a promise of a lifetime to come. Together.
Eileen stuck her head out of the kitchen when he was on his way back to the bedroom, and he changed directions. There was no need to be rude; he saw Cas every day, but he only saw Eileen a few times a year. Just because things hadn't started happening between them until now, that didn't mean he was going to ignore his host in favour of Cas. Especially not such a wonderful woman as Eileen. Dean sometimes wondered if Sam knew just how lucky he was. He probably did; he'd have to be blind not to.
That, at least, got Cas to crack a hint of a smile. “I did. They seem happy together.”
And waited.
"Yes," Cas said. "I hope you're not inclined to continue our activities right now, because I'm not sure I can after that."
“And what about you? You didn’t get any of your old angel pals back.”
“Yes.” Cas looked away quickly, and Dean knew he wasn’t imagining the guilt he saw in his face.
appreciate getting new ones. Dean and Sam had known what it was like to really appreciate getting new clothes – often from Bobby – and it wasn't because the clothes were so awesome.
"Hot chocolate!" Charlie shouted, throwing her hands in the air and running to the front door on other side of the house, where the broom for brushing snow off their clothes and boots was, her brother following close behind.
Sam and Cas’s arrival brought two shocks to Dean’s system: the first one was seeing Cas
get instead, pulling Cas in for a soft kiss. There may come a time when he’ll have his heart shattered into tiny pieces because Cas wants to protect him. Right now, right here, however, he can at least have this. It’ll have to be enough.
Upon waking up, there’s light. Bright light, white walls, and people close by. Two of them: a man and a woman. The woman is wearing scrubs – a nurse? – and the man a brown, worn leather jacket. He’s sitting in a chair next to the bed, eyes closed and head bent over clasped hands, elbows resting on the mattress. Praying, perhaps, or just lost in the worry that his knitted brows speak of.
"We're gonna hang it there," Charlie said excitedly, jumping up and down as she pointed up to the wide doorway between the kitchen and the dining room. There was a hook screwed into the frame, and a Christmas decoration with two silver bells was already hanging from it.
"You saying that you have a lot of love to give, Cas?" Saying the words out loud in the silence of the room made Dean's entire body flush with warmth all at once. It was like being on a roller coaster and hurtling down a vertical drop – exhilarating and scary at the same time.
Dean snorted. “Liar. But at least I don’t look like a twink anymore. Come on, go get your flag.”
“Look, I’m just gonna… go. Sam, make sure Cas gets to his room okay.” He turned on his heel and ran, not looking back. He didn’t even pay attention to where he was going, he just knew he needed to get away from Cas.
“Come here, you idiot.” Dean knows he’s wearing a stupid, sappy grin, but he doesn’t care. If there’s any kind of situation that calls for it, it’s this one. “That wasn’t what I said yes to.”
Dean shakes his head. His mind is filled with images of ways he might please Cas, things he’s imagined countless times before, but he doesn’t know if Cas wants any of that, so he can’t say it. “Nothing.” He knows from the look Cas gives him, however, that he can tell it’s a lie, and he feels compelled to give Cas at least part of the truth. “Nothing I can ask for.”
“You’re certain?”
Bobby's efforts didn't do much to deter the other team, and they'd gotten in a few more hits by the time Dean reached them. Charlie squealed as Dean grabbed a handful of snow and shoved it in Cas's face. He was about to do it again when Cas caught his wrist with one hand and used his other to gleefully shove snow down the back of Dean's neck.
Dean caught Cas's lips with his own, surprising him, but Cas quickly smiled into the kiss.
Both teams had gotten a few more facefuls of snow when Sam came out the back door to announce that there were would be sandwiches and hot chocolate inside in ten minutes. Dean let the snowball in his hand fly toward his little brother just as he saw Cas throw one as well. Sam yelped and twisted into a defensive stance, but he was still hit in the head and stomach simultaneously. He laughed and remained there a few moments longer for the sake of the children, letting them get in a few shots as well, but as soon as Dean left his fort and headed his way, he quickly brushed off as much snow as he could and slammed the door in Dean's face.
Dean laughs and pushes gently at Cas’s shoulder until he takes a step back and lets Dean follow him inside his cabin. It’s warm and cozy, and it feels like Cas – but it also feels like the kind of place where Dean could see himself settling down.
It didn't take long for the kids to wake up – nor Sam, when they began shouting with glee after running into the guest room to see if the beds were still as they had arranged them yesterday.
Cas gives him a strange look. “Are you all right, Dean?”
Dean pulls away, an uncertain expression on his face. “Wait, you do know that… that we…” He shakes his head and tries again. “What do you know about our relationship, Cas?”
“You can ask anything of me,” Cas says, and his hand tightens on Dean’s jaw, ensuring that Dean holds his gaze. It makes Dean think maybe he’s serious, and the possibility takes his breath away. “Ask me, Dean.” Cas’s voice makes it clear it’s not a request, and Dean has no choice but to answer. Or… he does, but he can’t make himself do anything but what Cas has told him to, even though it makes his heart beat like a hummingbird’s wings.
He doesn’t open his eyes right away, afraid of being met yet again with the sight of an empty forest. When he finally does, however, Jack is – not there, exactly. Not in the way Dean’s there, as close to physical as it’s possible to claim someone can be in Heaven. It’s more like… he’s been there all along, and Dean just didn’t see the shape of him in the trees, in the air, in the grass until now.
He has just laid eyes on a blue-eyed beauty when he feels a hand on his shoulder, and he turns around to find Cas there. “Well?” he asks, curious to find out if Cas has struck out or if the angel is getting lucky tonight.
Dean prayed to him – Cas
, something Cas didn’t even know if he’d ever get to experience with someone.
They still don’t talk about it as they get ready for bed, nor at breakfast the next morning. It’s not until they’re out on the interstate that Dean – for some godforsaken reason – decides to turn down the music and ask Cas what he thought about last night. It’s meant as an invitation to mutual appreciation of Alicia; as the kind of nudge-nudge conversation between guy friends after one of them got laid. In hindsight, Dean realises it wasn’t his best idea, considering… everything that happened. It’s a thought that has Baby swerving a little to the right.
If Cas noticed Dean's nervousness, he didn't show it. Instead, he walked over to where Dean was standing. Dean didn't realise he was standing underneath the mistletoe until all of a sudden Cas was close enough for Dean's breath to hitch in his chest, and then there were soft lips on his cheek.
“Cas, hey.”
Cas walked in, smiling at the sight of Dean blowing a loud raspberry on Charlie's cheek. She laughed and wriggled until Dean had to let her down on the floor again.
"So… if it wasn't for you guys, the world would be, what, black and white?"
“Would you say yes?”
Dean would have told Cas off for sassing him in a situation like this if it wasn’t for the fact that those words are exactly what he needs. He
Dean echoed incredulously. “Did you smell him? Come on, man, you’re an alpha, you have to know why I can’t be around him right now. Dude smells as delicious as a frickin’ apple pie.” After thinking back, recalling the scent, he added, “A really, really fuckable apple pie. I can’t believe you manage to be around him without going crazy.”
Cas’s teasing mood disappears and leaves behind a softness in his eyes. He reaches out to cradle Dean’s jaw, all tenderness and awe in the movement, and Dean finds himself leaning in – they both are – until they meet in the middle in a kiss. They may not be alive, but with Cas’s lips on his? Dean can’t really tell the difference anyway.
offer, despite the angry poltergeist in his house, and even after some haggling it took an offer of two thirds of Dean's money – which of course wasn't really his in the first place – to get the guy to agree to sell him the house. Dean hoped Cas had been serious about wanting to move to Vermont with him. This was a better deal than they'd get on a house ever again – maybe the only deal they'd ever be able to afford – and Dean really wanted that future with Cas; to live here in peace without having to worry about hunting.
Cas didn’t respond for a moment. His voice was quiet when he finally spoke again. “Do you mean the road trip?”
Dean bites his lip to keep a whimper from making its way out. He may be doing what Cas asks in order to please him, but that doesn’t make it less embarrassing that he gets off on this.
"I noticed that the sheets from your beds were still in the same place the kids put them yesterday. I would have thought you would have gone looking for them." She gave him a meaningful look.
"Um. Sweetie, Uncle Cas and I aren't… we're not… a couple." The words "Cas" and "couple" in the same sentence felt weird and foreign on his tongue.
“Can we talk?” Dean says it to Cas when he catches him in the war room, about to leave without saying goodbye. His voice comes out too soft, too vulnerable. Maybe that’s a good thing. He hasn’t offered Cas anything but anger for a while now. Anger caused by things that aren’t Cas’s fault; Dean knows that. It’s just too damn easy to want to pin the blame on someone, too easy to pin it on the one person who always forgives, always comes back. Or always did – until this time. Dean should never have taken Cas for granted, should never have assumed that he was some kind of immovable rock who could take all of Dean’s abuse willingly, meekly, and still remain by his side as a steady presence for him to lean on when he needed it. Cas didn’t deserve any of that, and Dean knows he was right to leave – but that doesn’t make it less painful.
, and Dean was filled with an immense pleasure at being able to do this to Cas. He began nosing along Cas’s neck, not realising what he was searching for – or even that he was searching for something at all – until he found the spot that had him instinctively baring his teeth against Cas’s skin.
Sam got up from where he was sitting and put a hand on the girl's shoulder. "Hey. Why don't you two go and ask him that yourselves?"
“Can I see?” he asked, not really wanting to.
"You know what? I wasn't going to get you back for the snowball fight, but now…" He shook his head, unable to completely suppress the smile that demanded to be let out. "I'll get you when you least expect it."
It took everything Dean had not to spit out the sip of hot chocolate he'd just taken, especially at the sound of a choked-off laugh from Sam. With great effort, he swallowed and placed his mug down carefully before looking the girl in the eyes, refusing to meet Sam's mirthful gaze.
“No.” Cas looked down. “They couldn’t be brought back; they’re all in the Empty. But Jack is here, at least. And Kelly.”
"Of course," Cas agrees easily with a kiss to the back of Dean's neck before he reaches for their supplies. "And then you'll let me take care of you for the rest of the evening."
“She wants to have sex with me,” Cas states bluntly. “And…” He hesitates, as if he’s not sure it’s the right thing to say. “I asked her if she would mind if you came along and watched. She seemed quite excited about the prospect.”
Cas’s cock jumps at the prospect of having Dean ride him. He wants that too, and he appreciates Benny’s consideration, but there’s no reason they can’t share. “He can take both of us.”
“Yes, I –” Cas freezes suddenly, and then looks at Dean intently. Warily. “Dean, why did you kiss me back?”
Sam pinched the bridge of his nose for a moment, and then he shook his head. “Congratulations on finally getting your heads out of your asses, I guess, but
recount in a fair amount of detail – for once in his life – is his feelings throughout it all.
The second shock hit him as soon as he came close enough to get a whiff of Cas’s scent, which was like a punch to the gut and had him physically curling in on himself. He had over a decade of experience trying to hide his reaction to Cas’s scent, but it smelled different now. Different, and just as intoxicating, but also about ten times stronger – likely due to the heat Cas was experiencing. Dean felt a stab of embarrassment; he’d never known how strongly heat pheromones smelled to Alphas. He’d always thought he usually managed to contain most of the smell to his room, but he knew now that the entire bunker must be steeped in his scent for a few days every month. Which made it all the more discouraging that Cas had never shown any indication that Dean’s scent affected him in any way.
Dean snorted softly. Thank God. If the reason for Cas freaking out about touching him wasn't any worse than that, then he didn't have anything to worry about. "Dude, it happens, don't worry about it. I'm not scared of your dick."
It’s not really a relief when Cas responds to his touch – not here, not when he doesn’t know they’ll both make it out alive. But it still feels good, and he allows himself to press his mouth to Cas’s, opening the angel’s lips up beneath his own, coaxing a pleased sound out of him as their tongues meet in a soft caress.
Sam looked to Dean and Cas. Cas, in turn, looked at Dean; whenever the kids asked if Dean and Cas could read them a book, what they meant was for one of them to sit on Dean's lap and one of them on Cas's lap while Dean read. Cas had never mastered the art of reading children's books with passion, and although he didn't mind reading for the kids if Dean or their parents were unavailable, he never took offense when the kids wanted Dean to read instead of him.
“My bed is big enough for all of us,” he says, which is how Dean ends up on it even though he’s just there to watch. He reclines against the pillows, shirtless, and pulls off his pants while Matthew and Cas undress each other, and God, it’s confusing to be so close to two guys who are about to fuck. For a moment he wonders if he’s even going to be able to get it up this time, and he leaves his underwear on in case he won’t, but it turns out that’s not going to be a problem when Matthew sticks his hand inside Cas’s boxers and gets him moaning.
“I’m sorry, Dean.” Cas can tell his voice sounds wrecked, but there’s little he can do to prevent it. “I thought… I thought you prayed to me. I heard…” He shakes his head. How can he explain it? He
Both of them were breathing heavily, but it was exhilarating and – despite the cold – fun to play around in the snow like this, and Dean didn't want to go inside quite yet even though the melted snow was soaking into his clothes, making him wet and cold. He could only imagine what it was like for Cas, but when he pulled at Cas's shoulder, Cas went willingly and met his lips in a kiss.
“You gonna be able to sleep?” Dean asks once Cas is slipping under the covers of their bed, wearing only a pair of boxers Dean found for him while he showered earlier.
“I know.” Cas leaned his forehead against Dean’s. “Bonfire. We need to go.”
Cas looked thoughtful and far calmer than Dean felt, and holding his gaze while waiting for his answer was nerve-racking, yet Dean couldn't look away even if he tried.
There was no conscious decision to start their slow thrusts against each other; if Dean were going to pick the perfect time and place for their first time, he wouldn't have picked here and now, but their bodies moved on instinct, craving stimulation as they held each other close. Cas groaned in Dean's ear, and the low sound went straight to Dean's cock. He reached for their underwear, grappling with the waistbands until Cas had lifted his hips away for a moment and then pulling them down to their thighs.
Dean can’t help but savour the words, even while he doesn’t know if he agrees with them, but he never knows how to respond to Cas’s praise, so instead he grinds down into Cas’s lap. “Come inside me,” he begs. “Please.”
It's something Cas always insists on after they've played, and even on the times Dean doesn't drop, he still appreciates it. Of course, it helps that Cas taking care of him mostly entails of them lying in bed together (once Cas has made Dean drink and eat something), Cas spooning him and whispering praise in his ear while Dean pretends to sleep. He's pretty sure Cas can tell, but as long as he doesn't call him out on it, Dean doesn't see any reason to stop.
The man’s eyes widen when he sees them, and he stands up. “Cas. You’re awake. How are you feeling?”
all sweaty and rumpled, looking feverish. He knew this was what he looked like during heats, but it was one thing to see it in the mirror and another entirely to see it from outside himself, without the brain fog his heats always brought with them.
“I… was kinda hoping we would be.” Dean’s heart fluttered in his chest, and the weight of the small box in his pocket made itself known. “Cas,” he said, softly, urgently. “I have something for you, something I’ve been wanting to give you all the time we’ve been here.” His voice carried a slight tremor, and he didn’t quite dare to look Cas in the eyes as he spoke. “I have it in my pocket, but I wasn’t really planning to give it to you with all these people around, and I don’t even know if you’ll want it at all. But I can wait if you want to, I can give it to you later –”
The woman – Donna – is experienced and ferocious, like Dean had expected, but what’s more is… Cas is equally intense in bed, lifting her with ease and fucking her against a wall or eating her out hungrily, and it has Dean wondering just what Cas and April got up to during their marriage while he was ‘Emmanuel’. It makes him feel just a tiny bit unwell for some reason – and a lot turned on.
“I love you.”
Dean shakes his head and takes one of Cas’s hands. “You could have died. You were planning on dying. For me. I don’t ever want you to do that again, Cas.”
At odds with Cas’s words – urging Dean not to go under – the last needle is another slow one that threatens to make him do just that, but with an effort to focus on what his reward will be, he manages not to let the pain drag him away from his senses.
"I woke up because you were gone."
“Okay.” Cas nods, watching Dean go. Somehow, he feels lost the moment Dean is out of the room and he’s left all alone. He should have realised sooner what a disappointment this would be to Dean: that Cas doesn’t remember him, doesn’t remember the life they’ve had together. Doesn’t remember the first time they held hands, their first kiss, the first time they gave their bodies to each other. Their wedding.
"Cas. Come with me." Dean took Cas's hand and opened the car door. "We'll come and get you guys afterwards, I just… need to show Cas first," he said to the rest of them.
“Yeah. I want you. Want both of you.” Dean leans in, lips parted, and Cas meets him halfway. It’s not chaste; there’s no possible way it could be, considering what Benny’s hand is doing to Dean under the blanket, drawing a needy moan from his lips against Cas’s.
Dean doesn’t know how, but he sees Jack do his little wave, hears him in his mind.
think I should say?”
Dean didn’t know what to say to that. What kind of response Cas wanted, if any. He cleared his throat and looked at their guests again, and a small group of people caught his eye. “Hey, speaking of multiple parents.” He nudged Cas with his elbow and nodded toward where Claire was sitting with Jody, Amelia and Jimmy – as well as Alex and Kaia. It was strange, seeing Cas and Jimmy in the same room, but not as strange as Dean would have thought; despite the physical similarity, there was no way Dean could ever mistake the two for each other. “They all seem to be getting along well.”
so far. They hadn't kissed; they hadn't admitted any feelings out loud. And yet… things were happening, weren't they? He was pretty sure they were. And he couldn't help the giddy jump his heart made at the thought of that.
Dean's eyes flickered away. Looking at the kids was easier – they didn't understand that what Dean was about to say was kind of a big deal for him. Even though, now that he was finally about to say it, it actually seemed easier than he'd ever thought it would be. "No," he said, finally, releasing all the air in his lungs as he beckoned both children over to him so he could hug them and tousle their hair, needing that bit of physical comfort. "No, not only."
Right. Dean hadn't mentioned that to him.
"Unless I'm completely delusional," he continued as they took their mugs and started heading out of the kitchen. "But… I'd like for something to be going on between us," he admitted, face going pink as he finally said that particular embarrassing fact out loud to someone for the first time. Someone who couldn't hear it, but still. It counted. She understood him. "And I'm starting to feel pretty sure I'm
"Who are you calling dirty?" Cas smiled, and this time there was just a hint of suggestiveness to it, Cas swiping his thumbs down just inside Dean's hipbones. He didn't cross the line of what Dean was comfortable with, however – not that he usually had any problem with suggestiveness, but he'd come out of the closet mere
When he thought about it, it had been stupid to assume that a being who’d had the ability to fly most of his life could ever truly settle down. Cas had always kept disappearing back when he still had his wings; it was probably only the lack of them that had kept him in one place for so long now. No wonder Cas was getting restless.
“I’ll never understand your obsession with having my seed inside of you,” Cas says, although his breathlessness lessens the effect of his words, not to mention the fact that Dean knows Cas loves filling Dean up just as much as Dean loves it. The times he’s plugged Dean up after coming inside him and made him wear the plug out in public speak for themselves.
Dean blinks. Freezes. Sucks in a deep breath and licks his lips.
angel Cas, best friend Cas – touching himself and by the deep, rumbling sound coming from his chest, so when Alicia moans “God, look at him” in Dean’s ear it’s a relief. He’s just following yet another order. “Look at how turned on he is by us,” she says, and Dean’s nothing if not obedient in bed, so he does. He looks at the pearl of precum that appears at the slit of Cas’s cock, looks at Cas’s hand stroking, squeezing a little each time it nears the head, looks at Cas’s eyes flicking between where Dean’s cock is sliding in and out of Alicia and, every so often, Dean’s own.
Dean has been rock hard and insanely turned on ever since Cas entered the room, and hearing those words out of Cas’s mouth is enough to make him do just that in no time at all, spilling over Cas’s fist and into his boxers with an embarrassing moan.
“I learned a few things, like the fact that I enjoy watching people have sex.”
"I do.” He squeezes Dean’s hand. “And it would make me very happy if you would share my bed and my life, tonight and every night for as long as we live.”
A distraught look passes across Cas’s face, and he shakes his head. “Dean, I can’t. I appreciate you trying to accommodate my wishes, but you shouldn’t. If you don’t love me, then…”
Dean goes very, very still in Cas’s arms. Then he chuckles awkwardly. “Ha. Good one, Cas.”
Cas nodded. “He has forgiven you, Dean. As have I. And… I have no intentions of ‘playing family’ with Kelly.”
It got a huffed laugh out of Cas, but he also nodded fervently. “Yes. Yes, it’s like… Like that.”
“Hm?”
what I want,” Dean insists, blushing. It’s what he’s always wanted with the people he’s slept with, but he has never been as conscious of it as he is now, with Cas’s firm hand on his jaw and his demand for answers. Nor has he ever wanted it as much, he thinks. “I want you to – to do whatever you want with me. If,” he falters, “if there’s anything you want at all.”
, Bobby’s voice echoes in his mind.
Someone bumped into his shoulder; clearly he was as invisible as he felt, and he muttered an apology – although it hadn’t been his fault – and pulled away, only to get a hand clapped onto the same shoulder instead.
Dean huffed a nervous laugh, glancing at Cas. It was one thing for a make-out session between them to turn hot and heavy, but having his brother and sister-in-law plan for them to have sex in their house was… a bit weird, although he actually kind of appreciated the thought; it wasn't as if they were likely to try again while the kids were in the house.
Dean didn't even have to think about it. "Yeah. Yeah, it was… magical." Not just because of the lights themselves, but because Cas had made them for him; because they'd that moment together, watching them.
Dean didn't know if the affection he saw in Cas's eyes – the one that was always there in their quiet moments together, like this – was the same affection that must be present in Dean's own gaze. But it was enough to keep him spellbound for a while, lulled by the quiet comfort of it in the near-darkness.
Cas has the focus of a surgeon, uncapping the skin marker and beginning to mark Dean's skin where the needles will enter and exit. Dean can tell from the dots that the needles will be inserted diagonally, six above each other on each side, and he can't help but try to imagine what it might feel like when Cas finally inserts the first one. He prefers sharp pain over dull; he likes the sting of a cane, of teeth, the impact of a rubber flogger when Cas wields it just so. He hopes – he thinks – he might enjoy the needles too.
Cas was back on him almost immediately, and Dean tried to stifle his moan at finally feeling Cas's hardness without anything separating them. The drag of their cocks against each other's bodies was partly slicked by sweat and the fluids they were leaking, and Cas took up it up a notch, pressing himself more firmly against Dean's abdomen and dragging his cock up slowly, drawing pleasure out of them both.
Knowing that he probably wouldn't be able to do that again, he grabbed a large handful of snow and decided to make this one count; he pulled at the waistband of Cas's pants and shoved the snow down there. It didn't go underneath Cas's boxers, but Dean still couldn't imagine that it would be anything resembling comfortable. And if Cas's reaction was anything to go by, it wasn't; he groaned and flailed for a moment, and then Dean was on his back before he knew it, his breath knocked out of him. Cas was on top of him with his eyes closed as if trying to will the cold away. Maybe he did try, but didn't have enough grace for it, or maybe he wanted to make this fair for Dean, who had no say over his body temperature.
“Hey,” he said softly, beginning to close the distance between them.
After their road trip is over, Dean finds himself assuming – with a strange sense of wistfulness – that their sexual adventures together are now over and done with, never to be spoken of again. After all, Sam usually joins them when they go out, and, well. It was just some vacation fun, he supposes, before everything goes back to the usual.
It’s a wonder that he even manages to get hard, let alone reach a pitiful orgasm with Cas’s hand on him, but maybe he’s just that pathetic in his longing for Cas, or maybe he’s some kind of masochist for emotional pain.
"So we can get to the cuddling – yes, I know."
Dean doesn't bother arguing or telling Cas to wipe the smirk off his face; instead, he just relaxes and lets Cas take care of him. So they can get to the cuddling.
They were on their way down the stairs to the ground floor when they realised what the problem with the house was, as Dean suddenly tumbled forward, pushed by a screeching poltergeist.
, like you’d be watching TV,” Dean explains. “Part of what’s hot about being watched is seeing that the person watching is enjoying themselves. It won’t look like you are if you’ve got all of
Dean puts his free hand on Cas’s neck and leans further into his space. “I kissed you back, didn’t I?”
Cas hummed in thought. “Kelly and I are family, in a way. We are both Jack’s parents – just like you and Sam.” Cas gave Dean a soft, encouraging smile, as if he knew this was something that was bothering Dean. Maybe he did. “Jack has expressed excitement over having four parents now.”
“Y'know, unless you want to… play family.”
Cas pins him with a look that has Dean wondering what images are playing in Cas’s mind. “I wasn’t talking about kissing, Dean.”
“Can you come for me, Dean?” Cas asks, and Dean chases the feeling of pleasure, focuses on the feeling of Cas inside him; the sharp, hot sting of the needles as Cas twists them; the lingering pain where Cas bit him, but still he’s only
family.
“I fucked the apple pie, Sammy.” Dean grinned and pointed to his new bite that he had put there himself. He’d have to get Cas to make one sometime.
Dean was about to head back to his fort when a snowball caught his ear, and he quickly realised he was out in the open. Deciding that the best defense was a good offense, he headed toward the other fort instead, shouting "Cover me!" to Bobby.
"I liked it too," Dean is quick to reassure Cas, although he probably doesn't have to. "But... yeah. Can we maybe take them out now?"
A hand touches his shoulder, and Dean turns around to see Cas standing there. “Oh, hey. You done too?”
“Dean.” If it wasn’t for how painful the word felt coming out, Cas wouldn’t have known he was the one who said it. He didn’t mean to, didn’t want to alert them to his presence, but it’s too late now, and Dean’s head whips toward where he’s standing.
"Fuck, yeah. Go for it," Alicia breathes, her gaze and Dean's both fastening on Cas as he pulls his underwear down underneath his balls. His cock is thick and flushed and glistening at the tip, and Cas releases a sinful moan when he finally has his hand around it.
"Guess I must have been good this year," he said, breaking apart.
“Okay,” Dean agreed breathlessly. “Yeah. Hang on, I’ll –” He fumbled with the box again, trying to get it out of his pocket, but it got caught in the lining. He pulled harder – and it flew out of his hand, into the snow right in front of his father and Uncle Bobby. Dean felt utterly paralysed as he watched them look at the object with curiosity, and then – oh god, then came the realisation, the raised eyebrows and the shared looks.
"You worry about us?" This was news to Dean. Sam and Eileen had always respected Cas and Dean's decision to keep hunting; they'd told them to be careful, but they'd never said they worried about them. Probably so Dean and Cas wouldn't feel bad about continuing hunting while Sam and Eileen settled down.
