He cracks an eye open when they hit gravel, still half a step too out of it to register what it means until the car glides to a stop. Cas puts Baby into park and turns off the engine, then unbuckles his seatbelt with a click loud enough to fill the whole car.
Caught off-guard, Dean’s stomach dropped to the damn wheel well. “Excuse me?” he said. “We’re really going there?”
like the sound of that. He balks, and it must show on his face, because Cas’s hand is suddenly on his arm, squeezing. “Would you give us a moment?” he asks, polite as ever. “This is a decision best made as a team.”
They try three more before they find one that makes Cas make a pleased sound in the back of his throat, eyes sinking closed as he relaxes into it. Dean props himself up on an elbow, looking down at him, at the way Cas’s lips part. He looks tired. This isn’t particularly surprising, considering dark circles under Cas’s eyes are one of the few constants Dean feels confident expecting in his life, but his chest aches all the same, wondering what he can do to make Cas rest better. Neither of them has ever had this much time stretched out in front of them to catch their bearings, before, and that has to help, doesn’t it? As much time as he can stomach and a nice bed to fall into at night?
With his bare hands, eh. One corner of Dean’s mouth lifts. “Hey, Cas,” he says. He sits up on his knees, leaning forward until he has both hands braced on the couch. “Ask me who I am.”
Lawrence to highway 80 to Lebanon to Fort Collins. Dean’s been making that kind of move his whole life. “Guess so.”
“In many versions of the myth,” Cas confirms. “And much beloved by Artemis. High praise, as she was, historically, a very choosy patron.”
“Nope. Learned that one the hard way.” And with that, Sam leads them all further into the bunker — further, in fact, than Dean usually has reason to venture. The room made up for Zippy is down a set of stairs next to the library, which Dean is pretty sure used to be the room they kept Crowley trussed up in the last time they were enemies enough to hold him hostage. It’s since been transformed into a passable day room, walls given thick padding, plush carpet installed on the floor. Two beanbag chairs in the corner have been torn at the seams, stuffing strewn about, but the television set across the room and the old-ass VCR under it are unbroken. So are the handful of little-kid toys tossed in a milk crate next to a stack of picture books.
It takes twenty minutes to get the air mattress set up for Sam, and ten of those minutes are spent trying to find a usable outlet. Dean gets a sinking feeling he’s going to have some serious rewiring ahead of him, but that’s a problem for another day, after they’ve had more than one afternoon to get settled. He leaves Sam and Cas to wrangle sheets onto the air mattress while he disappears into his room to make up his own bed.
“I just flew around the entirety of Mount Elbrus,” Cas announces, breathless and giddy. “Then I circled the Galapagos islands. There are so many fantastic animals there, Dean, you’d love it. The water is so warm.”
“I’m neither stupid nor a blind optimist.” Cas’s shoulders stiffen up even more, if it’s possible. “I just don’t want to make a home that doesn’t have a room for our son.”
“How’d you know to come find me?” Cas’s hand is warm and smooth, skin unmarred by the gun calluses that eat into Dean’s palms.
There’s more work to be done — the windows upstairs still leak cold air at night, and the garage needs organizing, hopefully before they have their hands full with Cas’s bees. They need groceries and weatherstripping and Dean isn’t so naive to assume that all of this God business is something Jack can just shrug off like it’s nothing. There will be nightmares, he has to assume, and other consequences he can’t imagine yet, even while nestled into this safe haven they’ve made.
Dean really wants to flip out and haul ass back to Kansas. Even a decade and change later, he can still see Sam’s mouth and neck smeared in demon blood, eyes all pupil and flooded with power; Ruby’s smirk coiling her mouth just before the church doors slammed shut, Dean helpless and slamming his fists against the wood until it splintered.
He gags, spits up bile, and shudders with his cheek pressed to the granite countertop. By the time he manages to rinse his mouth out with water and glance around with bleary eyes to locate Cas, the angel has vanished.
Cas smiles blindingly bright. Dean catches him up in his arms and drags him down into another kiss, one that he interrupts with a high, shocked moan when Cas’s thigh slides between his to give him something to arch against. Cas’s dick is hard in the hollow of Dean’s hip. His head swims.
Cas sighed. The soft exhale was directed back into his yogurt cup, and Dean immediately felt like an ass, but he didn’t know how to take it back or explain why this freaked him out so badly. Cas didn’t say anything else. Dean looked in the mirror again and felt queasy when he saw his least favorite expression of Cas’s, the pinched, closed-off one that meant he was dredging up all the resignation he could muster.
“Baby’s breath,” Cas tells him. “Gypsophila. I didn’t intend to grow it, nor the perennial sow thistle here.” His fingertips alight on the thin stems with a reverent touch. “I only meant to give my garden a jump start. It seems I overshot it.”
Cas doesn’t quite smile, but his eyes crinkle at the corners the way they always do when it looks like he’s just about to. “No, I’m alright,” he says. He touches Dean’s shoulder as he passes him to put the kettle on.
Dean laughs out loud, he can’t help it. “Hang on ten minutes, buddy,” he says. “I’ll come be your assistant, but I’m keeping my hair.”
“I took the liberty of healing your headache, too, while you slept,” Cas added. He was changing into his own pajamas now: a soft t-shirt acquired from Sam, his usual boxers, the strange and endearing addition of thick socks. Dean took a moment to ogle him a little and wasn’t even embarrassed when Cas caught him in the act.
Cas is quiet for another long moment. “The Empty felt a little like this sometimes,” he offers eventually. “Like floating.”
Sam flinched back, as always, when Cas materialized. Dean had only just stopped doing the same. Anything that could appear randomly whenever it pleased with the weight of that much power behind it wasn’t usually friendly, and it was difficult to unlearn the particular fear-reflex that had them reaching for their knives before they recognized the trench coat.
“You sure you’re gonna be okay?” Sam asks one last time. “It’s a werewolf, Elieen can handle it alone if you need me to stay.”
Dean taught Sam to swim too, when they were smaller, all of thirteen years old and holding his kid brother’s head above the waves. Cas is a better sport than Sam ever was, because he at least allows Dean to pull him deep enough that the lake makes possessive gestures against their parted lips without complaint, following like he’s always done, like it’s easy.
“What’re you gonna get?” Dean asks, thumbs drumming absently against the steering wheel. He’s been listening to a lot of the Black Keys recently,
“Not everything is your responsibility or your doing,” Cas sighs. He kicks Dean in the side with his heel. “You hauled a dead, burnt-out angel back to the realm of the living with your bare hands. You did fine.”
Can it be that easy? Is the act of Dean choosing him back just as strange and monstrous in its adoration, enough to tip the scale back from apocalyptic to holy?
“Ngh,” Dean said, rubbing his eyes. Cas sifted through his pajama drawer and came up with a pair of sweatpants and a tank top. “What time ‘s it?”
“Zippy barely changed at all during the last full moon,” Sam tells them quietly. “She got a little quicker to snap, a little less willing to let Lilah out of her sight. Other than that, they just chilled out and watched cartoons. I fed her extra, I guess. She even helped me with the dishes.”
Cas huffs an exasperated breath and crosses his arms over his chest. “I thought you liked the bunker.”
Dean glances over his shoulder at Cas, who’s elbow-deep in the guts of what’s hopefully going to look like a desk when he’s through. “We’re good,” he says.
“Ten in the morning, sleepyhead,” Sam tells him, and takes pity, pouring a cup for Dean that he pushes into his hands. “You really sacked out last night, huh?”
Cas had announced when questioned, eyes gone sweet and knowing as he tipped his head back to look at Dean.
Dean presses his face into Jack’s hair and squeezes his eyes shut so he can’t make panicky and damning eye contact with Cas. “If that’s what you saw, you weren’t looking too hard, kiddo,” he says roughly. “We missed you.”
“Okay,” Dean announces with false brightness, standing up again. “Let’s get this shit off you, yeah?”
“Down, please,” Lilah says politely, patting Cas’s arm. Cas, startled, eases her down onto her feet, where she wastes no time in running up to the werewolf on the floor.
Does he understand the implication of picking out a bed together, and what Jamie with a star must think?
“You like that, huh?” Dean asks, pointedly not looking at him as he pushes the cart of their stuff to the car. “You’re eating a lot more these days.”
Dean jerks his chin in the direction Sam left, just in time to watch him reappear out of a different door with a square tupperware in hand.
Cas rubbed his cheek against Dean’s shoulder blade, a gentle rasp of stubble against skin. “There is no scripture against this,” he said at last. “I remade you as you are because how you are is perfect. You required no improvement. And no,” he added, interrupting Dean before he could do more than open his mouth to protest. “I am not saying that you are without fault. But I couldn’t build you a body without a self-sacrificial instinct, could I?”
Dean wraps his leg around Cas’s hip, drawing him in. He licks his lips to distract from the way goosebumps have broken out down the backs of both arms. “...Yeah?”
“I’ll revive you, don’t trouble yourself,” Cas replied absently, already browsing the dairy aisle with mild interest. Dean narrowed his eyes and watched Cas study a cup of lemon yogurt with the same wrinkle of concentration between his eyebrows that he’d had when he’d sucked Dean off the night before.
“This is what you deserve.” Cas was starting to sound a little rough at the edges too, and there was a bead of sweat that trickled down his temple when Dean looked at him again. “As if I would ever withhold my adoration from you.”
If Cas minds the change in subject, he doesn’t let on. “I suppose you’ll want back what’s yours eventually,” he agrees.
The gathering clouds on Cas’s face clear as he begins to detail his garden plans out loud to Dean, green beans and tomatoes and carrots in little rows. He sketches out the shape of the planter beds with his hands, describes the sprinkler system, the native flowers to attract bees and other pollinators. His face lights up as he speaks. Dean doesn’t know why he was surprised Cas would want this.
Dean leaves when Cas starts describing how Milo and Tock are going to escape the Doldrums, wandering into the kitchen to grab a beer and join Sam at the table. “You get Claire and Alex down here yet?” he asks as he takes a swig. “Zippy should meet ‘em.”
He knows immediately which room would be for Cas. Two windows at the intersection of a corner sketch out the perfect place for a reading nook, and Dean is halfway through assembling a bookcase for him in his mind before Cas gets his attention again, nodding his head toward the other room. Dean can see the very tip of his thumb print scar peeking up above the collar of Cas’s shirt when Cas turns his head.
“I am doing this,” Cas says. He finally looks up and meets Dean’s eyes, cold steel behind china blue. “If I have to move it to the attic to make you comfortable, I will, but I would prefer not to.”
He seems pretty glad to see them, though, and grabs Dean to thump him on the back twice before he releases him again. Dean watches Cas accept the same treatment and shoot a faintly baffled expression at him over Sam’s shoulder.
“Say it,” Cas insisted. He held Dean’s hips still with a hand pressed on top, fingers splayed. “Say it to me.”
“I’m going to the library today,” Sam announced as he carried three plates to the table, a stack of toast, a second trip for salt and pepper and the newspaper, which had been folded down to the crossword. “I’m deputizing you and Cas to stock up on ammo and granola bars and shit.”
Cas sits back on his heels. The sun is just beginning to sink down toward the lake, casting warm orange light across the slice of Cas’s face Dean can see. “Would you like the mild answer, or the real one?”
“I’m gonna be radio silent for a bit,” Sam says. His voice sounds weird, his tone too even. “But I didn’t want you to worry.”
“Give it back, then, it’s wasted on you,” Dean says, sticking his hand back out. Cas takes another sip first, holding eye contact out of spite, and Dean wonders how many stubborn human gestures Cas has picked up from him and how many are an inevitable extension of his own intrinsic weirdness.
Cas arches a brow, reminding Dean to use words without needing to say a single one himself. “Ye...yes,” Dean says through his desert-dry mouth. He nods along with his attempted speech, trying to convey that he is
He looks back over his shoulder a few times as he walks the first half dozen blocks, hoping to see Baby turning the corner to come after him but she never appears.
Cas goes like putty in Dean’s hands when Dean turns him so they face each other and he stares into those hypnotic green eyes. The leather of Dean’s jacket is warm under his fingertips and only then does Cas realize he’s put his hand on Dean’s chest, fingers twitching to pull the man closer as Dean smiles at him.
Cas sighs and Dean can feel him shaking his head against the sensitive skin of his throat. “Azrael threatened you” He mumbles, tone resigned to give Dean what he wants even though he obviously would rather keep the information to himself.
His already wild hair is impossibly tangled, as if he’s been running his hands through it and tugging, and his eyes are wide with worry. Cas sucks in a ragged breath and pushes past Dean and into his house.
Cas arches a brow and folds his arms over his chest with a smirk. “I thought you were running late?”
Dean steps forward and wraps his arms around Cas’ waist, pressing himself against Cas’ back. “I’ll convert you yet.”
He steps closer and crouches down, leaning into Dean’s side as they stare into the enclosure. The sea lions are interesting, Cas will grant Dean that much, but they’ve never been his favorite.
Finally, the man plunges in roughly as deep as he’ll go and stills. Cas can feel him pulsing inside the condom and he takes a shuddering breath as he tries to calm down.
Dean huffs and turns away. He expects the others will follow and he takes his sword in hand. The pain in his shoulder is nearly blinding but that means little. He forges ahead until the forest thins around them and the outer buildings of the village can be seen through the thin branches.
Cas rolls his eyes and tugs Dean’s hand closer as he rotates their wrists so that Dean’s palm faces the ceiling. Cas takes his other hand and holds his palm a few inches over Dean’s as his bright eyes slide closed.
Castiel takes a quick step closer to Dean and tugs the hunter in by the edge of his open flannel. Dean goes with a huffed laugh, resting a hand on Cas’ hip. The hungry look in Castiel’s eyes demands a fervent kiss, but he places a chaste peck on Dean’s cheek instead. “I heard about a club that I have interest in taking you to if you are amenable” His voice is low and holds faint traces of danger that send sparks shooting up Dean’s spine.
He glares at his window yet again, cursing his completely mortal and completely independently wealthy neighbor.
Cas nods and turns around to open the door. He doesn’t trust his voice and he can’t bring himself to spare another glance as his small pile of belongings in the backseat.
Or at least a jail cell for public indecency if his dick doesn’t stop trying to perform tricks in his pants.
Dean sucks in a deep breath. “What should we do if I’m recognized when I’m with you? The barista at the coffee shop was one thing, she was easy, but it isn’t always like that. Sometimes I’m mobbed and I don’t mind, it’s part of what I signed up for, but I don’t want to drag you into that mess unless you’re okay with it.”
“Fuck,” Dean groans as he tugs on his hair and reaches for his phone despite the leaden feeling in his stomach. He isn’t surprised that Cas hasn’t responded yet again, but he feels irritation simmer in his gut, nonetheless.
“You’re doing so well, Dean. I’m so proud of you.” Cas grinds his clothed erection against Dean’s ass for emphasis and Dean preens under the attention, James nearly forgotten as Cas wraps his long fingers around Dean’s cock.
Even though it was days ago, the warmth of Dean’s arms wrapped around his shoulders still burns fresh in his mind along with the crisp and manly scent of Dean’s hair. It’s probably just Old Spice, but the smell is so
“Yes.” Cas nods. “It seems neither of us had a typical childhood,” Cas says, looking between Dean and Benny. “It was just me and my mom, but she wasn’t around much so I mostly took care of myself,” Cas mutters as he leans into Dean’s side.
Sam already has the cards half gathered by the time Dean has collected the rest of the pieces and Cas tucks everything neatly away while Bobby watches with a pleased quirk to his lips.
Cas huffs a laugh at the melodrama but his heart patters happily regardless. He never imagined he would have someone like Dean to call his own and he feels wholly inadequate that he’ll never be able to put into words what Dean means to him.
“You what?” Cas folds his arms over his chest and looks down his nose at his employee. A weaker Alpha would think less of Dean, simply for his biology and not give him a chance to explain.
Once he’s dressed, he straightens his spine and leaves his room, prepared to face whatever may come.
As it is, he’s just trying not to get sick all over his shoes. Still, he can’t help the bubble of excitement in his chest as he makes his way toward the club Meg had told him about.
“What about you? What was your childhood like?” Dean asks, stepping across the space to stand at Cas’ side.
He hurries to dry himself and slip into the jeans and green button down shirt Cas had left out for him. Dean had planned on changing into something homier, but since those clothes have been replaced by these on the hook just inside the shower room; Dean will readily assume that Cas wanted these specifically and he isn’t quite ready to push his luck…although a not so small part of him considers the idea.
Cas sucks in a breath, trying to determine how best to convey his small gratitude for Dean’s kindness. The bitter part of him wants to ignore Dean’s attempts at being civilized, but Castiel was raised to be better than that. He can’t force himself to be rude, not even when his rudeness could be justified. “Thank you,” he says in his native English, and Dean’s furrowed brow shows that he does not understand.
Cas turns his head to smile up at him and he pushes to his hands and knees. He kisses his way down Dean’s body, his soft and slightly chapped lips scratching ever so slightly at the tender skin of Dean’s belly.
A slow smile spreads across her features and her tears disappear almost instantly as she meets Dean’s gaze. “You will get what you deserve,” She says with malice in her eyes.
Dean opens his mouth to speak but no words come out. His eyes tell Cas that he would much prefer to leave with Cas than stay, but he is duty-bound to obey his father.
Dean huffs and shakes his head as Cas barks a laugh. “You are so not my type, Bal.” He squeezes Dean’s hand as Meg plops back into her chair and smiles at the two of them.
Cas doesn’t know when they get back to the hotel. He doesn’t know how he’s suddenly in bed with Dean wrapped tight around him, so much like he had when Felix had died in their dreams and they made that fateful journey back to Herculaneum.
When they pull apart, Cas reaches for the washcloth but Dean gently pries it from his fingers. He needs to do this, he needs to touch and feel for himself.
Rufus narrows his dark eyes at Dean, watching as he steps forward with his hand outstretched and a shaky smile on his face.
“Dean,” Cas chides, “you don’t need to worry.” He bottoms out quickly and tilts his chin toward the ceiling with a satisfied groan. “I’m loose enough.”
“Dean?” Cas questions, brows scrunching in confusion and Dean sighs and drops his chin to his chest.
Gabe quickly strides from the room as he whistles a jaunty tune that has Ezekiel letting out an amused huff.
Uriel steps forward, the dark-skinned Alpha shows no sign of fear, and that only makes Castiel more agitated. “Winchester, Sir. I told you before, this is no place for an omega and now he…”
Benny grips Dean’s elbow and rests his hand on the warm skin at the back of Dean’s uninjured shoulder to give him leverage and soon, Dean is sitting upright and leaning against the wall.
Dean returns in short order, rattling the pills around in the bottle. “How many?” He questions as he cracks open the mini-fridge to snag a bottle of water. His breath hitches when he catches sight of Castiel’s newly exposed skin and he snaps his jaw shut just as quickly as he narrows his eyes accusingly.
Cas licks his lips hungrily as he strips off with his underwear in one push. Dean props himself up on his elbows to watch as Castiel climbs onto the bed and settles between Dean’s splayed knees. “Do you still want to explore today's kink?” Castiel looks up Dean’s body and into his eyes, tone calm and serious.
He keeps his garage as clean as he can, but it’s still a garage. Various engine-related fluids come part and parcel to working on cars.
Dean frowns but nods and turns to sit next to where Castiel kneels. “Rest then, tomorrow we leave for Laugar. Home,” Dean says despite knowing Castiel won’t know his meaning.
The aforementioned plot bunny is a work I'm actually super excited about but I need to get a little further along in my writing before I will allow myself to post. Would anyone be interested in a Detective!Cas and Mobster!Dean AU?
“At a coffee shop,” Cas says before Dean can answer. If Dean wants to add on the full truth, he's welcome to but Cas suspects that saying a dating app is how they met might be a little personal.
“Be gone with you, Christian.” Jarl Samuel waves his hand dismissively and his tone sounds more bored than angry, but Cas has learned the man’s moods can swing with little warning.
They hand over their tickets and don their vests before collecting their blasters from the overly excited young woman guarding the entrance of the area. “Alright, everyone, listen up!” She shouts and the dozen or so people lined up to play fall silent and turn to her in unison. She quickly explains the rules and Cas’ stomach flutters as he listens, Dean’s shoulder warm against his.
“Cas,” Dean whispers, stepping closer to brush his thumb over the arch of Castiel’s cheek. “I want you to be my boyfriend. How’s that for ashamed?”
Dean nods, biting his lip as Cas pushes his jeans over his hips. Dean is forced to stand to get rid of them entirely and he takes the opportunity to shove his underwear down with them with a guarded smirk.
me if I let the wolves have you.” Dean’s hands skate up Cas sides and over his shoulder. “I like your hair better like this,” Dean says as he ruffles his fingers through Cas’ hair and works it into odd spikes before Cas can collect his wits and stop him.
Dean trembles as he fights with his muscles to stay where Cas puts him. To not push back onto that tantalizing cock teasing at his opening and impale himself.
Castiel doesn’t understand why the man insists on dragging him to some corner of the village every day simply so they can stare at each other until Dean inevitably walks away.
“You call your brother yet?” Bobby asks with an arched brow as the two of them settle into old rocking chairs on the back porch.
He watches Cas go, the way the shirt clings to his broad shoulders and barely moves around his trim but thick waist as he walks. The bulky sweater was hiding just how built Cas is and Dean can’t but appreciate the firm planes of muscle now nearly on display.
“Dean?” Cas asks softly. He’s almost ready to cross the space and tell Dean what he wants to hear just to wipe the hurt from his expression.
He steps around Dean and tilts his head as he regards the black-suited man. Even with Dean’s harsh words, the men are smiling at each other. “Hello, Crowley,” Cas finally decides to add to the stilted conversation with a shy wave. “What are you doing here?”
Cas quickly silences his phone and shoves the device into his pocket with a huff. “I told him that I don’t date, Meg! And he took me on a date. He kissed me!”
“Dean” Cas gasps, stripping his cock along with Dean’s as he works the man through his climax. A few short pumps are all it takes for Cas to add to the mess between them and he pushes Dean back with a sloppy kiss. “Oh, Dean” He shivers with the lingering excitement and Dean falls back with an exhausted laugh.
Cas stands rooted to the spot as Dean strips off his still damp shirt and climbs into bed. The sight of so much skin barely even registers as Cas watches Dean try and fail to get comfortable.
As soon as Michael is gone, Castiel deflates. He never imagined he would see his brother again, let alone have him promise to
It’s enough that Balthazar has already claimed the position of best man and is determined to plan a bachelor party that Hugh Hefner could have been proud of.
Cas squeezes Dean’s hand and nods. “We are. Since Meg…well, I couldn’t afford my apartment on my own.”
Cas can hear the question in his tone, but he doesn’t understand the words beyond ‘good’. Cas nods, nonetheless, assuming Benny is telling him to behave himself.
“Not really. Why?” Cas answers, mentally calculating when he knows Dean’s show is and how far of a drive it would be. He can’t see how they could make it work. Dean is going to be busy all weekend.
Which is good, he considers idly, because his mind is in no shape to pay close attention to the road when his gut churns anxiously about what state he’s going to find Cas in.
He blindly reaches for Cas’ cock and wraps his fingers around him to stoke in time with his thrusts. Dean’s hammering heart thuds in his ears when Cas thrusts up to meet him and keens at Dean’s calloused touch.
He nods before remembering that he needs to use words. “It is late,” he says, trying not to sound angry.
“It…it must have gotten in when I left the door open.” Cas slowly pushes to his feet and edges toward the patio door as his heart hammers wildly. “There’s a broom in the closet by the kitchen.” He points subtly without taking his eyes off the squirrel that should
Bobby rakes his assessing gaze over Dean from head to toe before giving a decisive nod. “Good. Ellen’s expectin you for supper. Don’t be late.”
Cas smiles up at Dean. “More than,” He says honestly. A warm feeling swells and threatens to spill out of his chest and he wants little more than to stoke those flames. He pushes upward and threads his fingers through Dean’s hair as he draws him into a tender kiss.
Cas chuckles and the little creases that form at the corners of his eyes have Dean grinning. “I thought you said that was an epic classic.” Cas holds his hands up and quirks his fingers as he speaks and Dean is sure that he couldn’t love this adorable dork any more than he already does.
.” The word even leaves a foul taste on his tongue despite the delightful saltiness his lips pick up from the faint sheen of sweat behind Dean’s ear.
Cas’ breath hitches as he nods and Dean helps pull the thin t-shirt over his head. His hands immediately find their place on Cas’ skin as soon as the shirt is flung across the room.
“Shhh, let me” Castiel coos, drawing Dean into a lazy kiss as his grace continues to work; preparing Dean for him.
In a blink, their clothes are gone and Dean’s dick perks up immediately when the air crackles with power. Cas stalks over to him, kneeing his way up Dean’s body to straddle his hips and Dean couldn’t stop the whimper that escapes him even if he wanted to.
Cas startles when Dean reaches to hold his elbow but he stills his panic and allows Dean’s touch when he reminds himself to be pliant and obey.
Dean’s brows scrunch and he swallows hard before he tilts his chin up. “I, understand, my life can be a bit much sometimes,” Dean says and his dejected tone has Cas’ heart stuttering.
“Hey!” Cas grouses when a bright flash nearly blinds him and he turns his glare on his brother as Dean squawks with indignation.
Cas yelps when Dean twists his wrist just so and squeezes the head of his cock just right. His skin is flushed with sweat beginning to bead across his brow but he smiles in triumph when he finally gains access to his goal.
Charlie huffs and shakes her head. “If anything, it’s good, dude. Means you aren’t some whacko who’s just interested in using Dean for his fame. My bud’s been burnt too many times by over-eager fans and other famous folks wanting to further their name. I don’t want to see it happen again.”
Once Cas finishes in the bathroom, he stops in the kitchen to see if Mary or John needs any help but he finds Bobby Singer instead.
Dean sits up on his elbows, immediately curious. “Yeah?” His dick twitches in his pants, already interested in whatever Cas might suggest.
“He’s going down.” She readies her blaster and signals Cas to cross the narrow hall and cover the other side.
He’s been wanting to wake up like this for nearly a decade. He had gotten a taste in Rome, but they were always up early to take in the sights before the crowds got too heavy. They didn’t have time to laze in bed like this.
“Cas,” Dean says as he holds out an expectant hand. “Hurt,” Dean says again when Cas only gives him a confused stare.
tracking glitter through his entire garage. It’s bad enough that his oil change bay is now wallpapered with the stuff.
“I uh…I don’t know?” Dean turns his head to meet Castiel’s gaze, honest uncertainty written across his features. This is something new for them, it comes as no surprise that neither of them knows how much Dean can take. “Maybe start with twenty?” He frowns as if trying to choose a movie instead of how many times he wants Cas to strike him.
“That was two weeks after you were born.” Rachel settles in the armchair next to Cas and points for him to turn the page.
“You’re not allowed to come for four hours, remember?” Cas says with a wicked smirk that Dean does not like one little bit.
He can’t help but smile down at the thin little blueish card and the stamped paper that declares him to be Castiel James Novak.
“I’m trying to study over here!” Sam calls bitterly from the couch across the room and Dean lifts his head just enough to fix his brother with an annoyed glare.
He laces his fingers with Cas’, their new rings pressing against each other as Dean leans forward to draw Cas into a languid kiss that has Balthazar hooting and hollering before being shushed by the smiling but confused docent.
Dean scowls at the words that leave his brother’s mouth, but he feels a tinge of jealousy and regret. If he had bothered to study with Sam, he would be able to speak with this Castiel. He quickly steps across the narrow space and wrenches his brother back with a growl. “He’s mine,” Dean says in their Norse language, making his intent toward the monk clear.
Not that he and Sam have ever talked extensively about it. Dean tends to clam up whenever their mom is brought up, especially after — but he’s not thinking about that either, he
They pack in a hurry. Dean doesn’t know how long they’re staying at the bunker, so he packs for a week, stuffing shirts and jeans and underwear in a duffel bag — the fact that he doesn’t have a go-bag ready to grab makes his stomach lurch as he retrieves his toothbrush, confronted all at once by the ways he’s softened. What would his father say, if he’d seen Dean this caught off-guard?
The second thing he notices is the dull buzz of his phone ringing on the coffee table. He has to twist around to grab it, squinting at the ID reader before his heart lurches in his chest.
Off in the distance, Jack and Sam are trying to convince a kite to catch the breeze with minimal success. Dean can’t hear what they’re yelling to each other from this far away, but it’s fun to watch Sam’s huge arms waving frantically, Jack jogging backwards with the string in hand. Eileen is sitting up against a huge tree with Lilah in her lap, showing her how to make a daisy chain — Zippy stalked off a few paces for a tree of her own a while ago, sweatshirt hood yanked up around her head despite the heat, watching all the goings-on from a distance over both bent knees.
And Dean could admit now, looking back, that he must’ve been objectively ridiculous to look at, all bundled up under his father’s huge leather jacket like its bulk would make him any bigger than he was underneath it. It had been too large at the shoulder and hung down his arms all the way to mid-hand, making him look even younger, all pissed-off scowl and cheek fat.
Now, straining against his bonds and choking on a moan, Dean couldn’t imagine not having this. Cas slung his shaking legs over his shoulders, rubbing his tongue insistently the way that drove Dean absolutely crazy, and reached a hand up to slip two fingers into Dean’s mouth for him to suck on.
Staggering down the hall to the bathroom isn’t the most dignified Dean has ever been in his life. The guy looking back at him in the mirror seems to agree, dark circles biting shadows under bloodshot eyes. “Now you match Cas,” he huffs to himself, poking one of the dark circles with the tip of a finger. Brushing his teeth makes it obvious that he’s only gonna nick his face to ribbons if he tries to shave now, with how bad his hands are shaking. Whatever. This is his lake house sabbatical, he can be scruffy if he wants.
Dean tries not to look at him as he disappears back inside the house, then tries to forgive himself for looking anyway, catching the flash of one bare ankle out of the corner of his eye, knob of bone a smooth curve up toward his calf right before the door clicks closed.
Cas is sitting so close. He doesn’t have to be. They’ve worn dips into the cheap couch cushions on either end of the sofa, but Cas is sitting in the middle now, cross-legged so that the toes of one foot escape the blanket and nudge up against Dean’s leg. Does Cas know what he’s doing? Does he notice the rasp of denim against the ball of his foot and realize that Dean can feel it too?
Cas drew back and breathed hard for a moment, lips wet and shining even in the darkness. His thumb kept stroking over Dean’s dick while he caught his breath, over and over, and Dean wanted to be embarrassed by how easy he was for it, but he couldn’t muster up the energy. His thighs trembled.
Dean retrieves the first aid box from the bathroom and several ice packs from the freezer, pointedly ignoring the way his heart has started to thud faster with nerves, like it’s trying to smack against his ribcage every other beat. He wraps the ice packs in a hand towel to offset the cold and bustles back to find Cas lying down on the sofa completely with his arm over his eyes.
He worries the inside of his cheek between his teeth. “I think I’ve come back from the dead too many times to figure there’s a cap on second chances,” he says slowly, forcing himself to choose each word with care so he doesn’t shove his whole foot in his mouth. “So you... you go on hoping. I’m hoping too.”
Cas, of course, relents first. “What’s your opinion about jam versus jelly?” he asks Lilah, shifting his hold to hitch her a little higher on his hip.
“Oh, I’m sorry.” The corner of Cas’s mouth curls. “Were you expecting actual healing? Where are you hurt?”
The sunshine glitters down like an act of God while they pile into the car, if Dean was the kind of guy to buy into a thing like that. That’s what Cas davens for in the mornings, isn’t it?
Cas kissed him again, and Dean had been expecting sharp, furious kisses like before, but Cas kissed him very gently, held him down with a hand to his sternum and sucked on his tongue, set careful teeth to his lower lip.
Dean came, sobbing, throwing his head back and wrapping his legs around Cas tight as Cas fucked him through it. His arms went limp, body loose and pliant, and he just watched through half-lidded eyes as Cas thrust into him once, twice, three times, then stilled with a startled breath. His orgasm seemed to take him by surprise.
“Think I can pass off a bag of m&ms as trail mix if I stick ‘em in a ziplock?” Dean asked, extending the olive branch.
When he glanced up again, Cas was standing in the doorway with the most exquisite expression on his face that Dean had ever seen. He leaned his shoulder against the door frame and looked at Dean like he was a treasure, the way people looked at fine art or a well-preserved classic car, illuminated halfway between love and awe.
Cas stomps out to the garden when they get home and Dean doesn’t stop him. There are dishes that need washing, bed linens to be changed; he gathers up his laundry and Cas’s too, swiping the hamper from his bedroom before he tramps down the stairs to the washer.
They’re still bickering when Sam comes down the hall with Cas’s bag in hand, a couple books tucked under his other arm. “You need anything else for the house?” he interrupts, which makes Zippy put her earbud back in and start ignoring them again.
Cas just tips his head back, looking up at the vast cacophony of stars that are just beginning to peek out through the darkness in pin pricks, so much more visible out here than they are on the road. It’s difficult to read Cas’s face, illuminated only by the spillover from the kitchen light and the pale gleam of the moon, and most of him is swallowed by shadow.
It hits him harder than usual when Sam wrinkles his nose and picks the bacon off his sandwich, though, and he wonders what it means, or if it even means anything at all. He’s happy to accept it when Sam puts it on his plate, anyway. Kosher or no.
“It was too much to hope you’d have forgotten about that, I suppose,” Cas sighs, but he stands and follows Dean back into the house anyway, just like Dean knew he would.
Dean watches, dumbfounded, as she stalks past all of them with Lilah still riding piggyback, claws folded carefully around her sister’s legs so that she won’t nick her. He lets go of his gun one finger at a time.
Cas is lining it up on the door frame at an angle, now, a door frame that Dean repainted himself in a pleasant shade of cream. He fumbles through the junk drawer in the kitchen and produces a hammer, offering it to Cas handle-first, and watches him tap four small nails through the corresponding holes at every corner of the mezuzah.
By the time he stumbles back inside the house, it’s half-past seven and he’s way too drunk for the sun to still be out. He’s gonna be nursing the hangover of the century in the morning if he doesn’t drink water now, so he heads to the kitchen and prays Cas is elsewhere.
He was still thinking about his stupid old-man pains when they drove back, wondering where they’d gone, and why it bothered him so much that they had. Cas handed him a water bottle from the backseat. Dean took it gratefully, downing half before he gave it over to Sam.
Sam’s hand falls back to his side with a quiet smack to his thigh. “Yeah, of course. You want PB&J triangles?”
Cas is outside again when Dean wakes up, perched on the deck in a thin t-shirt and some pajama shorts Dean sure as hell didn’t buy him. That’s an awful lot of thigh to be flashing at seven in the morning, but he guesses it’s already warm enough not to be chilly. Still. His pale skin with soft dark hair dusting down his shins fills Dean’s peripheral vision as he offers Cas a mug of coffee, loaded up with too much milk and sugar as always.
“Then don’t talk about it like that!” Dean makes a fist around the shoulder of Cas’s shirt, not sure if he wants to yank him in or shove him back. “Don’t say that shit!”
When he stands, Dean can see the complete anatomy of the box he’s made, sturdy and neat with a clean blue sheen. There’s paint on his jeans, on his arms. Robin’s egg blue in splatters. There was a time the only stains he had to deal with were from gun oil or blood.
Dean watched Cas. Cas seemed to be waiting for the car to be out of sight before he did anything, and Dean was starting to get actually freaked out again, like maybe Cas was going to tell him that Sam was doing bad demon shit again, or —
Cas is standing in the center of the living room, pushing the coffee table to the wall. The couch is up against the other wall already, the overstuffed armchair quick to follow. Once the middle of the room is clear, Cas straightens and rolls up his henley’s sleeves to the elbow.
“Not that kind of sulfur.” Cas’s eyes are smiling, even if the rest of his face is neutral. “Although, who knows. Perhaps demons are well-equipped to make gardens more acidic.”
“I found a guy who’ll sell us a starter hive,” Dean interrupts, face burning. “We have to pick it up this month, though, before it gets too cold out. And we should probably send away for thicker insulation for the supers before winter hits anyway, ‘cause I’ve been doing research, and... man, why are you looking at me like that?”
Dean can’t find a comfortable position in bed. It isn’t just the fact that the weather’s getting warmer and the bunker has terrible ventilation, but that really doesn’t help, leaving him sweaty and tangled in a top sheet with a frustrated arm slung across his eyes. What’s Cas up to? He’s an angel, he doesn’t sleep, although Dean took long enough puttering around the kitchen aimlessly after dinner for Cas to decide it was time to take himself to bed.
He’s struck by a memory of a program he’d caught a couple minutes of one time while channel flipping in a motel, a nature special about wildlife caught in an oil spill. Dean pours shampoo into his hand and thinks about those small sad pelicans covered in black gunk, and the care with which their rescuers cleaned them.
“You gonna start blaming yourself for shit that’s not your fault?” he grits out. The change in altitude as they make their way west has his ears popping uncomfortably. “Because I was pretty sure I had that patent on lock, pal.”
“Would you like me to take a turn driving?” Cas asks. He still sounds snippy, but worry seeps in as well.
marks are different.” Cas sucked another just beneath it, setting teeth against skin. Dean had to bite his tongue to keep from crying out. “Mine come from love.” Another, just beneath Dean’s ear.
That’s from his hand. Seared into Cas’s body to show where Dean had grasped him as he pulled him out of the Empty.
Sam scrambles up to get the bundle Dean shoved into the backseat before they left, and all Dean can do is clutch at Cas, wiping slime off his face with his sleeve cuff. Cas is crying, he realizes, tears making streaks down his filthy face — Dean has never seen him cry like this, maybe never seen anyone, dead silent and grasping with hands that dig half-moon fingernail imprints into Dean’s forearms.
“Yeah, well.” Dean directed his smile at the linoleum. What had he been so afraid of? “This one’s special.”
Dean looks over his shoulder to meet Cas’s worried gaze. He’s slightly sunburnt across his cheekbones and over the bridge of his nose, dirt smudged at the hinge of his jaw. Dean licks the pad of his thumb and reaches out to clean it. Cas lets him, turning his face to the side to give Dean enough room.
Does a middle-of-the-night phone call not count anymore? Dean grunts, neither agreeing or disagreeing. Their hands are still clasped lifeline to lifeline when they cross the state line forty minutes later.
He’d meant what he’d said to Cas earlier. This isn’t the first time he and Sam have toyed with the idea of getting a safe house somewhere. However, it’s the first time they’ve actually taken steps toward making it happen, and Dean’s not sure they ever would have gotten there without the excuse of giving Cas a nice spot to recuperate.
That honestly only made Dean feel worse, but Cas kept kissing him, pressing small, soft little kisses all across the backs of his shoulders like that might distract Dean from reality setting in. The worst part was that it worked. The unease in Dean’s belly fizzled out into a pleasant buzz of anticipation.
Sam blinks. “Uh. You know that thing where Victorian women got sent to the seaside to feel less crazy?”
Cas didn’t call him on it, though, which was nice of him, and stepped out of his pants with dignity. Dean shoved Cas’s underwear off next, and then it was his turn, although he didn’t focus too hard on the specifics of how it happened now that Cas was kissing him with purpose. Cas’s single-minded attention was overwhelming even on a good day, which today wasn’t. Dean all but panted into the kiss, clutching at Cas with both hands, letting Cas card fingers through his hair a little too rough.
“Yeah, sure,” he says instead, and pushes himself up to sitting. Wiping a hand down his face reminds him he needs to shave, which in turn reminds him what a fucking mess he must look like. “Go ahead. I’ll catch up with you.”
Dean turns back to the stove and holds his phone between shoulder and ear so he can stir the pot of stew he has simmering. “Growing pains,” he answers. “It’s fine. Just don’t ask me how expensive Cas’s mattress was.”
“Is this why you keep hurting yourself?” Cas spat out. “Because you think I’ll always put you back together when you’re done?”
“Are we in danger?” Cas asks. He doesn’t pull free from Dean’s hold, jogging to keep up with Dean’s long, pissed-off strides. “Dean, what’s happening?”
“Also, Cas ‘n me are together,” Dean added before he lost his nerve, crossing his arms tight over his chest when Sam’s eyes snapped up to look at him. “Just so you know.”
“You asked me to hurt you,” Cas snapped, steely. He didn’t move. He just stayed with his hips flush with the backs of Dean’s thighs. “Because you think you don’t
Dean has only started thinking of him as vulnerable recently. Even when Cas was human, Dean had other things on his mind to prevent that thought from swimming to the surface, and Cas has done little to dissuade him from his opinion that he’s invulnerable. At least until the very end, when Cas found one last way to sacrifice himself unforgivably.
Jade slides another shot across the bar in his direction and Dean takes it gratefully. This one burns going down, and Dean’s starting to wonder if he’s maybe overdoing it, stomach roiling as he swallows.
His brain finally calms down now that Cas is settled in the next room over. If he closes his eyes and concentrates hard, he can hear him moving about in the other bedroom, sheets whispering together when he slides into bed. Dean’s hand curls slightly where it’s resting on the mattress next to his head. He thumbs a crease on the corner of his pillowcase, thinking about Cas’s hair on his own pillow, and the fact that it’s so long these days he could coil a lock around a finger.
“There’s another here,” Cas says, twisting his torso around to face Dean with a quiet splash and a ripple, and tips his head to the side. There’s another hand print right where his neck meets his shoulder, the shape of the fingers splayed wide. It shines wetly under the bathroom fluorescents, and Dean
For a second, the gears turning in Dean’s head grind to a complete stop. Sam’s looking at him like he’s waiting for Dean to explode, Lilah is informing Cas how important it is to cut the sandwiches diagonally, and down the hall, a baby werewolf shrieks with hunger pangs.
Hell, maybe he’s tossing and turning as well. Dean wouldn’t blame him. It’s a tossing and turning kind of night, his box fan humming, reminding him of every shitty motel room he and Sam have ever slept in, and it puts him in that familiar restless state of mind.
“Just — y’know, a feeling!” Dean jabs at him with his elbow, but doesn’t fight back too hard when Sam dodges it by sliding all the way to the other end of the bench seat. “Gut instinct, Sammy.”
Cas’s hand curls around Dean’s elbow, sliding down until his thumb fits perfectly in the notch of Dean’s wrist. “I wouldn’t dream of it.”
He shows Sam pictures of Cas’s garden overflowing its bounds and spilling up toward the deck Dean rebuilt, the light fixture it took three tries to wire correctly, and one especially funny photo of Cas passed out on a blanket by the lake with his big sun hat over his face.
Cas’s thumb stroked the curve of Dean’s wrist under the dishwater. “Let’s finish the washing up. I’d like to go to bed.”
“Come home,” Cas begs, voice breaking. “Whatever it is you took, you can give it back. I’ll help you. You don’t have to keep it.”
“I’m sorry for your loss, Dean,” she corrects, and shows him a crooked smile that reminds Dean of Sam. “And welcome to the area. You liking it so far?”
“Save it, Cas.” Dean gulps the water in three swallows, then refills it. “What, you wanted to take an uber into town? Drive my ass home?”
Dean’s ears start ringing, faint at first, then growing louder. His mouth tastes like copper, and static makes the edges of his vision go fuzzy and vague.
The hair raises on the back of Dean’s neck, a prickle of unease slithering down his spine as he glances sideways at Cas. There’s a deceptively blank look on his face that Dean knows better than to trust.
“That was my mom’s favorite constellation.” He shifts his beer bottle to his other hand, fingers chilled. “Small fuckin’ world.”
it’s his hand, but the point is brought effectively home when he fits his palm to the shape that’s been burned into Cas’s skin and finds it a perfect match.
Grocery shopping is a little less fraught. Dean figures it’s a fifty-fifty shot if it’s because they’ve successfully grocery shopped together before or if it’s because it’s way less charged with connotations to pick out lunch meat than a mattress. Whatever the reason, Cas visibly relaxes by degrees under the overhead fluorescents, and Dean is more than ready to be in familiar territory.
He’s washing Cas’s hand, cleaning the webbing between his fingers, when he notices the mark on his elbow. “What the hell?” he mutters, pulling Cas’s arm out of the murky water so he can see the puffy red scar better — it blisters around the jut of his elbow in the shape of a hand print, and Dean’s stomach swoops when he realizes.
“It’s meant to remind you of the presence of God, which I choose to interpret as ‘holiness’.” Cas’s expression is very fond as he looks at him. “And it’s also a reminder that the house you’re entering is a Jewish home.”
“I did well, then?” Cas asks, smiling all small and sweet like he hasn’t just said the filthiest things Dean’s ever been told in his life.
It's Sam’s hoodie and Cas’s hand on his cheek, very gentle as he tucks the hood down so it doesn’t cover Dean’s mouth.
“Let’s see what we can find in the kitchen, hm?” Cas gives Dean a pointed look over Lilah’s head as he walks toward the kitchen, glancing at Sam, and then at Dean again with more emphasis.
Maybe designing a library, Dean decides as he sets the plate on the drying rack. His own Cas-variant of a Dean-cave, overstuffed armchairs and angled lamps. He’s bracing himself to find Cas lost in a sea of book boxes stolen from the bunker when he pushes the door open, only to discover that he could not have been further from the mark if he tried.
Cas, currently tying a hex bag cross-legged on the kitchen floor, glances up at him. “...Yes? Vegetables, primarily, although I have an interest in cultivating flowers as well.”
Dean’s head whips back around to the road, just in time to watch Cas straighten the car before he veers into the guard railing.
Cas’s expression is pure resignation, and Dean instantly feels like a tool, although he has no idea why. It’s not like he’s ever
Was that really it? The one and only time? That’s kind of a miserable thought, and it makes Dean scritch a hand over the back of his neck, uncomfortable.
The bottom of Dean’s stomach falls out. Cas knows the answer to that question, just as Dean does; there’s nothing he can say in response that won’t just incriminate him further, so he stares out at the road and clenches his jaw hard enough to make his teeth ache.
Dean gets the same funny shiver up his spine that he always gets when he remembers just how old Cas is: old enough to have been there watching when the first stone was laid down to begin building the original Temple in Jerusalem, old enough to have put his hand on the foundation before the walls were built.
Cas disappears to hunt down whatever odd things he wants, so Dean goes through the motions of checking off his list. Eggs, milk, ground beef for chili, cans of beans and corn and the weird strawberry applesauce Cas likes. A pack of oreos, just because. Potatoes and carrots for stew, and that means onions and garlic as well, Dean already plotting out the coming week’s meals, smiling as he tosses bread and peanut butter to his cart. Cas liked that when he was human, right? PB&J?
“Quiet.” Cas took Dean’s jaw in hand and turned it to the side with bloody fingertips, eyeing the handprint of bruises that were purpling around his throat. “Were you bitten?”
Dean repeats, and tugs again. Cas frowns, reluctantly allowing Dean to pull him away, the new jam jar clutched in his hand. Stupid strawberry lime jelly. Who puts strawberry and lime together, anyway?
The angel’s still at his back. Some things never change. Dean turns around and bites back a smile when he sees Cas, who’s wearing black swim trunks and, endearingly, a t-shirt.
He writhes where he’s pinned, skin cracked and blackening — Dean’s mouth agape in horror, rooted where he stands —
They pass the honey stall on the way to the car, so Dean stops short and brusquely purchases a large jar of wildflower honey so they at least get some of what they came for. Cas stares him down the whole time with judgemental eyes. He still follows Dean to the car all the same, stalking toward the passenger side and folding himself into his seat with pursed lips. Dean joins him, bracing himself for a tense ride back when he buckles his seatbelt and starts the car.
Cas pants in Dean’s ear like he’s the one getting fucked. His cock rubs against Dean’s belly as he moves, their dicks nudging together, which gives Dean a fantastic idea that has him reaching for the lube again where Cas discarded it. He takes both their dicks in hand as soon as he gets his palm wet, stroking them together while Cas’s wrist flexes so he can get the right angle to make Dean go cross-eyed.
“Are you serious?” Sam demands, smacking his own forehead as he surveys the damage. “Dude! This is the third time!”
“I made a plan after a big blowout fight with dad. Called Bobby and everything.” He makes himself look at his brother. “Chickened out, though. Couldn’t do it. Do you wish I had?”
Dean blinks. There’s a third smaller bedroom just to the right of the stairs, tucked alongside the half-bath, and Dean’s been idly considering a games room of sorts, stuffing a ping-pong table and a dart board inside just for kicks. But that’s not a concrete plan.
“Betelgeuse. Bellatrix. Rigel.” Cas sweeps a hand above his head, gesturing. “I was responsible for a great portion of the constellation Orion.”
He wonders how many times two people can bring each other back from the dead before they’re common-law married.
Dean listens to Sam hang up on him and lowers his phone, both wrists leaned up against the edge of the sink now. His heart is racing in his chest, and he still wants to rush outside and throw himself into his car to chase down his brother, Sam’s reassurances be damned.
He needs a drink, is what he needs. Cas keeps giving him disapproving looks in the grocery store when Dean aims their cart toward the liquor aisle, so all they’ve got in the house is beer and margarita mix, of all things. Not even tequila to put in it. Dean doesn’t want a liquorless lemonade, he wants to stop feeling insane, even though it’s barely three pm and he knows what face Cas will make at him when he tells him where he’s going.
“Dunno what else there is to say,” he says, scritching a hand over the back of his neck. “You know I never went for the whole God thing, and that was before I met him.”
“Gonna do your hair first, alright?” he says, keeping his voice soft as he starts to massage it into Cas’s scalp. The Empty’s residue looks thick as molasses, but it melts away pretty easy, sloughing off Cas’s head in filthy rivulets. Dean cups his hands under the running faucet and pours clean water over Cas’s head by the handful, repeating the process as many times as it takes to make his hair run clear. Then he grabs a washcloth and squirts soap into it, rubbing his hand against the cloth to make it foam before he begins applying it to Cas’s face.
How the wings all connect, he has no idea. There’s a whole mess of them at odd angles, huge and imposing, but Dean is no longer afraid. His gaze has locked on the figure at the center of the mass, writhing blue fire blooming around three animal heads — a lion, a falcon, and a ram all take turns staring down at him, suspended over several interlocking rings of golden eyes that spin as he watches.
“Can you at least gimme an idea of what’s goin’ on?” he asks at last. He listens to Sam release a held breath and feels like a piece of shit for holding him in suspense. “Throw me a bone, here, Sammy.”
“Come look at the bedrooms,” Cas says, grabbing Dean’s sleeve and tugging him up the stairs. That leaves Sam with Janet, but Dean figures they can catch up with them after the wave of dizziness has passed and he can check out the rooms Cas wants to show him.
“C’mon,” Dean says. He cradles the vulnerable nape of Jack’s neck. “We gotta call Sam, don’t you think? He’s gonna lose his shit when he hears you’re okay.”
Cas claws out of the Empty covered in black oil. He’s drenched in it, head to toe, gasping mouth showing brilliantly white teeth in contrast. His eyes are wild and unfocused, lashes sticky, and his hand clutches Dean’s forearm in a bruising grip. Dean’s hollering to Sam, he doesn’t know what he’s saying, but Sam is at his side in a second, grabbing Dean around the waist to dig his heels in and help pull him backward. Together, they drag Cas the rest of the way through the bubbling pothole of tar on the forest floor.
“I like this one,” Cas murmurs. He cracks an eye open just for the purpose of catching Dean’s gaze. He doesn’t smile, precisely, but his mouth softens like he wants to. It’s one of those expressions of his Dean’s only ever seen directed at him.
Cas eased off slowly. His tongue lathed cautious stripes, gentle as anything, until Dean gave an overstimulated shiver and he backed off. Not that he went too far. He just clambered onto the bed and pushed until Dean lay back and let himself be held.
So maybe Dean does the dishes a little extra hard in the evening, and maybe he stares a little too hard at the plates as he dries them through the blurry haze of his eyelashes. He needs to get over himself, is what he needs to do.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean muttered. It was much more embarrassing to hear ‘make love’ than ‘fuck’, and he felt himself flush even as he shifted his hips a little to try and get Cas to move his thumb.
“It isn’t technically your money,” Cas reminds him. “If you’re using the card you got from Charlie. Although, if it’s too much to spend on me...”
Cas has been praying to him ever since he came back from the dead, so Dean doesn’t know what his prayer might add to the equation. He holds it delicately in his mind, though, how good it would be if Jack were here, perched on the counter and laughing at something Dean says.
disbelief, his whole chest aching like a numb limb roused to pins and needles. Cas is alive. Cas is alive and breathing and trembling beneath the blankets, and Dean squeezes his eyes closed as he presses his face into Cas’s muddy hair.
Oh. Dean’s throat constricts, and for a second, he can’t say anything at all. Cas has a red mark on his cheek from where it was resting in his hand as he read. He brought a whole backpack of his things to the bunker, and he still somehow ended up wearing Dean’s sweatshirt.
By the time he’s back inside, Cas is nowhere to be found and he’s left the peanut butter out, dirty knife and plate in the sink. “Thought you were a social eater,” Dean muses to himself, eyes narrowed, then washes the dishes, because they’re there and he’s stalling. Across the house, he can hear furniture scraping against the new flooring as Cas moves shit around.
Cas licks a stray drop of aioli off his wrist and Dean has to look away, toes curling in his boots. Since when does the guy eat, anyway? He seems to be enjoying himself a normal amount — maybe more than normal, if that aioli-licking business keeps up — and Dean is struck by how
The bottom of Dean’s stomach falls out. “Hey!” he calls out, and marches over to Cas with his heart in his throat.
Dean thinks about a strong arm around his waist, and the safety that comes along with being under it, the many-eyed creature waiting for him sometimes in his dreams. Off-putting is a word for it, he guesses.
“This is more than enough for me, you ass,” Cas adds. He’s exasperated and fond, gaze softening as the frustration bleeds out of him. “I meant what I said before the Empty took me, although I’m sure you’d rather not hear it again.”
Maybe it isn’t the garden part that surprises him. Maybe it’s nothing more than the simple fact of him wanting.
Cas met his eyes, icy blue gone steel grey in the dim light, and then he was pushing forward to kiss him hard, lips demanding. That may very well have been what Dean had been pleading for, because he melted into it almost immediately. Cas licked into his mouth and Dean let him, even when the kisses turned rough and biting, even when Cas made a fist around a handful of his hair and yanked it hard enough to make his eyes water.
“Go to sleep,” Cas replies. His cheek presses against the space between Dean’s shoulder blades. “I have this watch.”
Is this happening? Something is happening. Dean’s throat clicks as he swallows, and he makes a sound that’s trying hard to be Cas’s name, but comes out a garbled whimper.
He slumped over onto Dean when he was done, breathing hard. They lay like that for a couple minutes, all tangled up with each other, and Dean focused on the weight of Cas's body on top of his own. His head was a mess.
Fair enough. Dean fiddles with his new ring, testing the tip of his tongue against his lower teeth. “Been on the road most of my life,” he says, and returns her shrug. “Harder than you’d think to slow down.”
“Once more, I think,” Cas tells him, turning his back to the lake so he can lean against the banister too. He pats it a couple times, thumbing a knot in the wood. “This is well made, Dean. Will you stain it?”
He hits the end call button and just looks at his phone for a long second. Sam did say to expect radio silence, but Dean didn’t take him
The reapers are the only somewhat neutral party that they’ve ever met. But if not Heaven, then what? If not Hell, then where? Dean can’t wrap his mind around a world where he doesn’t have to end up in one of two places when he finally bites the dust. How the fuck is he supposed to operate if he doesn’t know what’s going to happen after?
Okay, Dean kind of had that one coming. He sips his coffee again, which is probably too hot for drinking, but it’s either that or grimace at Cas outright, and he’s trying to do less of that. Out, huh. Out, for Cas, could mean any number of things. Maybe he drove into town. Maybe he sank down to the bottom of the lake and sulked with the catfish.
In a couple minutes, Cas will have a desk, and at some point before seven pm, the mattress store will deliver their purchase. Dean will serve Cas a plate of stew he won’t finish and make up his bed, and he’ll fold hospital corners with the sheets because that’s how his mother taught him. He’ll do these things because he has to, because he doesn’t know any other way to play his hand, and when he lays himself down to rest in the evening, he’ll put a palm to the wall between their rooms like he thinks that’ll
Dean doesn’t remember falling asleep on the couch. The movie’s been over for a while when he blinks awake, TV screen cycling through the DVD menu’s stills and settling a faint light across the whole living room in pale shades.
Cas made a thoughtful noise and took the plate out of Dean’s hand to set it down on the counter, sliding around behind him to put his hands on his hips and his mouth to the freckled nape of Dean’s neck. Cas’s wet hand soaked through his shirt, and Dean had to brace his hands on the counter, pressing back against the solidity of Cas’s body behind him.
Dean has to look away, taking a long, deep swig from his bottle to cover the way that makes him want to react. His soul, a sunflower. As freaking if.
Cas made a thoughtful noise. “Would you rather I hadn’t? I assumed you’d wish to keep them. They seemed a meaningful choice.”
Dean lets it be for the amount of time it takes him to lay down three more boards and for Cas to finish assembling another hex bag and a half. Then, because he’s a masochist or something, he nudges Cas’s knee with the wood handle of his hammer. “You pray to Jack a lot?”
That’s fair enough. Dean shifts a little in his seat, wondering what exactly it was that Cas’s superiors had told him in the first place. He doubts they’d painted a particularly flattering picture, but that’s hardly news.
The only ghosts here are the ones he brought with him. He knows this. They fill up too much space for other hauntings.
Cas’s hand strokes back until the warm weight of it is resting right on the crown of Dean’s head. His fingers sink into his hair. He’s so close that Dean can feel the faint trickle of grace shiver-slide down Cas’s leg to coil up around his ankle, fever-hot for a second against the back of Dean’s hand before the grace and the swelling retreat all at once.
Dean has watched a hundred ill-conceived grabs for power, over his lifetime as a hunter. He’s watched deals get struck, souls change hands, the throne of Hell and the altar of Heaven treated like a game of musical chairs. He’s seen people — good people — get suckered in by power and twisted up until they’re unrecognizable, no matter how good their intentions. He’s been that person himself, more than once, for all his protestations that he’s a normal guy who wants normal things. Never in his life has he seen someone willingly give it all up just like that, let alone step down from the top of the food chain and fall back to Earth with their head held high, no shame, no regrets.
Cas pages open one of the books Sam gave him, shoulders all hunched up toward his ears. He’s so much more expressive with his body than he used to be — or maybe it’s Dean who’s changed, taught himself to read what each minute twitch and shift of Cas’s posture means. He’s been stealing sideways glances at him for twelve years, is it any surprise he can see him better now that he’s allowed to look at him head-on?
He let Dean turn him around then, though. He let Dean whirl him right back around to face him even though Dean’s punch earlier that day had barely made him twitch. He wonders if Cas would let him pull that same shit now, if he dared to put a hand on his bicep. If he tried to make Cas meet his eye.
“Just trying to guess what brings you here in the middle of a Saturday,” Jade says, shrugging. She gestures around the room with an expressive hand. “You’re the most interesting thing happening right now.”
Dean was tired. That didn’t make him like the resignation in Cas’s voice any more, though, and he lay down with a prickly
Sam rolled his eyes, but he didn’t press. He did a lot of that, Dean had noticed, and more by the week, averting his gaze so that he wouldn’t notice whatever Cas and Dean were doing. Sam was good at keeping a respectful distance when people’s lives weren’t on the line.
This was the wrong thing to say. Cas slammed him back into the bricks and Dean gasped aloud, the pain he’d been battling off flaring up all at once. He grasped at Cas’s forearms, hanging on tight, stomach burning like he was getting clawed into all over again.
Dean had to bite the inside of his cheek to keep quiet, and wasn’t that a hell of a thing? Usually he could even jack off dead-silent, the loudest sound his pulse thundering in his ears. But Cas looked up at him shamelessly and rubbed the flat of his tongue just to the left of Dean’s dick, exactly how he liked it, and Dean could feel all these helpless little noises trying to fall out of his mouth despite himself.
“Cas, can you take Lilah to the kitchen? Make a couple sandwiches?” Sam asks. A silent communication occurs between them, Sam’s sleep-deprived desperation going to war with Cas’s narrowed eyes.
He’ll get the full story out of him later. Dean takes his time putting his tools away, after wiping down Baby’s dusty hood with a fresh rag, and decides to take her out for a real spin as soon as he can think of a reasonable excuse. Can’t let his best girl think he’s gone and forgotten her in the shuffle.
They spend a day and a half longer at the bunker, just to make sure Sam isn’t talking out of his ass when he says he’s got it handled. Dean doesn’t know what he’s expecting, even still; for an evil glint to appear in Zippy’s eye, maybe, for her to show her fangs outside of when she loses at Mario Kart.
Cas smacks his lips. “No,” he says thoughtfully. “I stand by it. The pH level is far too high for potatoes, I’ll need to get horticultural sulfur to balance it.”
“What an interesting name, Castiel,” Jam Guy says. Dean’s close enough to hear, now, over the rush of blood in his ears. “Were you named for the angel?”
Dean almost reaches out to take Cas’s hand and tangle their fingers together like he did in the car. He almost does a lot of things.
Blistering heat is the first thing he notices. The thick smell of smoke is quick to follow, the stench a familiar one, filling Dean’s nose and then his lungs. His throat catches and catches as he tries to swallow. Sparks are flickering up from the ground like lunatic fireflies — Cas’s garden is on fire, sunflowers turning to ash on their stalks, pointing their large swaying heads toward a house that could easily be mistaken for a pyre.
Dean rolls his eyes when Sam shoots Cas an approving nod. “Just trust me,” he insists. “This is the one.”
“So I found an IKEA not too far away,” he announces when he steps back into the kitchen, picking up his coffee cup to take a large gulp now that it’s cooled some. “Let’s get the shit for your bedroom and a quick grocery run in today, then we can make a real plan for fixing up the downstairs.”
“So,” Sam says, tone way too bright for this early in the morning. “Eileen texted, asking if I’d come back a little early and give her a hand with a werewolf. Figured you guys would be okay, now that you’re kinda set up...?” His eyes go back and forth between Dean and Cas. Dean wonders what the hell they both look like, tensed up as they are.
Building the deck takes a few weeks. A few pleasant weeks, in fact, the weather managing to thread the needle of being warm in the day and cool at night, daylight slowly creeping longer every day. Dean cuts and sands wood, then nails the boards into place. He draws up plans on graphing paper and discards them. He draws up plans and follows them to the letter. He draws up plans and swears, loudly and inventively, when he realizes how bad he fucked the math up. He takes trip after trip to the damned hardware store, and ends up paying the kid at the register to follow Baby back to the house with the wood in his pickup, so Dean can stop torturing his car by making her carry huge cedar planks out of her trunk.
The ball of his foot smacks Dean’s hip before he can turn, glancing off in a way that makes Dean nearly double over. He dodges the next kick only barely, twisting mid-stride so he can land a couple sharp jabs to Cas’s chest before backing off with a tight breath. This is the most alive he’s felt in weeks, which might be the point of this exercise, even with a foggy head straining to cut through the cloud of alcohol.
The last of Dean’s remaining brain cells sputter and fry. He used to think he’d have the upper hand, on the rare occasions he imagined him and Cas ever getting this far. He used to think about gently showing him the ropes. That is not what’s happening. Cas’s fingers are right — right there, and Dean isn’t sure what he’s consenting to, if Cas is planning on screwing him or taking him over, or. Or what.
Cas lays a hand on Dean’s arm. He’s saying something, probably Dean’s name, but he can’t hear anything over the sudden roar of his own blood in his ears. He brushes the hand off him, face twisting up, and finds himself striding for the stairs before he even realizes he’s told his legs to move, Zippy’s orange eyes tracking him all the way.
They’re fine. Of course they’re fine. He won’t be able to sleep again until he’s checked them all, though, so he swears under his breath as he stumbles down the hall to the unfurnished Cas-bedroom to check on the huge windows there.
“What the fuck,” Dean exclaims. He throws Cas’s arm around his neck and grips him close to his side, helps him hobble over to the couch. Cas all but collapses onto it with a grunt. “What happened?”
Sam is speaking quietly to Cas when Dean puts his foot on the top step. He can see into the living room from the landing, and he looks down at them where they’re both sitting on the edge of the air mattress, Sam’s hand on Cas’s forearm, Cas hunched over like he has a stomachache. The shapes of his shoulder blades stand out stark and obvious through his shirt with him bent over like he is, weirdly small all wrapped up in Dean’s clothes — his sleeves are rolled up to the elbow, exposing the pale vulnerability of the underside of his forearms.
There’s a twin sized bed pushed into one corner, made up with a colorful duvet and a carefully fluffed pillow. A small stack of photographs are pinned down to the bedside table by a snow globe that Dean bought at a gas station in Wyoming, and a teddy bear is perched right in front of the bed’s pillow, smiling serenely out at the room.
“And what’s with that shit about what shoulda been Michael’s, huh?” Dean demands. The sick flash of anger cutting through him is a relief, after the sticky-soft anxiety from earlier coiling up in his gut. “I thought we were past that, I don’t wanna be worshipped!”
“I don’t understand you,” he said, hands at Dean’s waist as he entered him with one long, slow roll of his hips. “You.
If it lasted longer than a few seconds, Dean thought he’d probably pass out. He could barely take it as it was.
"He doesn't need assistance?" Cas wets his lips with the tip of his tongue, which Dean is helpless to notice. "Care-taking two children is a full time job, and that's with human children."
Cas just kneels there with his back to Dean, saying nothing. There’s no more thunder, no more lightning, just the dead quiet of night and an uneasy whisper of wind that tugs at Dean’s sleep shirt and leaves gooseflesh in its wake. He’s seen Cas kneel enough times to be worried by anything that can bring him to his knees, and this is no exception, heart starting to race like his body thinks it’s gotta brace for a fight.
“A couple things before you guys come inside,” Sam says. He looks like shit, dark circles eating purple shadows all the way down to the cheekbone. “Remember what I said about redecorating?”
Dean stretches with a deeply sleepy noise and glances all around. In front of him, the lake house sits squat and proud in the dying light, sunset blooming open flowers all down the front in shades of pink and orange. He doesn’t know why he’s surprised to see those colors on Cas as well, dripping down the side of his throat facing the sun.
“Nothing too exciting. Perhaps local honey,” Cas muses. He braces his boot on the dashboard to tie it. “Or some fresh produce I don’t grow myself.”
Cas comes clattering out of the house eventually, dressed in jeans and his sturdy sneakers. It’s still jarring to see him not in his suit and trench coat, but Dean finds as he watches Cas get into the car that he misses the glimpse he got of that pale ankle.
Dean bows his head and thinks of Emma, thinks of Magda, thinks of the Frankenstein kid, thinks of Jack. There are probably more dead children in their wake that he's forgotten. “I almost ran away to Bobby’s,” he says. “With you. You were eleven, I was sixteen.”
It's a six and a half hour drive from Fort Collins back to Lebanon, the kind of drive Dean's used to, but it's different with Cas in the car. The afternoon melts into evening, slides into night, and Dean's always been a sucker for driving late in the day, the radio soft in the background.
He passes Dean and strides down the hall. Dean is still standing right where Sam left him when Cas reemerges from the kitchen with Lilah still on his hip, a plate in his free hand, Lilah holding one of the sandwich triangles in a death grip. She takes a huge bite.
Dean turned his head away as best he could with Cas’s grip on his neck, breaths gone shuddery and ragged. Cas just kept it up, fucking into him with increasing desperation.
“It isn’t cheating to offer help,” Cas says, as sweet and gentle as a bruise. “Sometimes small things need help to get started.”
“Lucky angel bastard won’t even feel it in his knees,” Dean mutters to himself as he rises from a crouch and hears his ankle pop.
Dean opens his eyes to find Cas crouched by the side of the bed, two fingertips stroking across Dean’s forehead until the whole broad flat of his palm cups the side of his face for just a moment. He takes his hand back as soon as Dean glances up to meet his eyes.
Dean is three days into redoing the downstairs flooring, sweaty and frustrated and overall ticked off, so he’s only half listening. “Yeah, sure,” he says distractedly, wiping his forehead with the back of his hand.
Cas rounds the corner armed with grape jelly and gummy bears and a deeply determined look on his face.
The three adults watch the children from the kitchen, elbow to elbow in the doorway, and Dean crosses his arms tightly over his chest.
“I am going to spend the evening putting up wards around the property while you and Sam rest,” Cas says, turning to Dean once more. “I think that will be the most productive use of my time.”
The squeeze of Cas’s hand to Dean’s thigh is unexpected but somehow inevitable too. Cas’s thumb smooths out a wrinkle of denim right at the bend of his knee. “I see it,” he promises in a murmur. “I see you.”
“Shit,” he said, and stumbled back a step. Cas caught his wrist before he tumbled, and Dean was dizzy enough that he didn’t fight it, just let himself get steered back toward the bed. “What about Sam?”
“Just tell me to fuck off if you want me to fuck off,” Dean snaps. “Don’t act like it’s for my benefit!”
Cas’s hair is starting to curl. It’s grown long enough now that soft locks lick at the underside of his jaw and fall out from where he tucks them behind his ears, light brown in streaks where the sun has started to bleach them. He’s tan, too, all of a sudden; or maybe Dean’s just slow on the uptake, glancing up out of the blue to find a stranger coming into the house with a sun-warmed armful of tomatoes from the backyard and a smile that crinkles at the corners of his eyes.
He hates Cas a little for the way understanding blooms across his face. “He would have told us if it was an emergency.”
“I know,” Dean says. He consciously unclenches his hands from around the steering wheel before they go white-knuckled. “I just got a feeling about this one.”
Cas is thoroughly engrossed. His half-empty plate sits abandoned on the table in front of him, his elbows on his knees, huddled under a thick blanket with his eyes glued to the screen. This isn’t a film that Dean’s seen before, outside of snatches of scenes caught while channel flipping in a motel room, but he can’t concentrate on it like Cas is. His mind is still caught on the last gasps of grace flickering like the end of a candle inside his best friend.
“Dean,” Cas said softly, cradling his face between his hands. “Don't you realize? You are always, always forgiven.”
“Do you know,” Cas says conversationally, “sometimes I don’t think even possessing you would bring us close enough together to satisfy me.”
Cas kissed his cheek, then the corner of his mouth. Now that the buzz of arousal had eased off a little, Dean could feel how restless Cas was at his side, the squirmy way Cas always got when he was turned on. “So beautiful,” Cas repeated, rougher. He was lying half on top of Dean now, close enough for Dean to wrap a hand around his dick, giving it a slow, firm stroke from base to wet tip.
- I personally have issues with jealousy in fiction, so if this is something that you're sensitive toward, fair warning that there's a small jealous temper tantrum thrown in this chapter - nothing is particularly intense, but I always like to warn just in case, since it isn't usually something present in my works.
The footsteps continue down the hall toward Cas’s room after a long hesitation. Dean tries not to be disappointed. He wipes a hand down his face, feeling the cool press of his ring drag against his cheek as he does. He looks at his hand afterward, holding it up above his head so the moonlight coming in from the window can glint off the gold. How did he end up here? Every step of the way seemed to make sense at the time, but now Dean’s a washed-up hunter living peacefully with a seraph while they wait together for the other shoe to drop; the apocalypse-that-wasn’t is breathing down their necks, and the jolt from that last missed step still hasn’t faded.
Cas isn’t interested in watching Dean struggle to reply, though, he’s leaning back in his seat with his eyes drifting closed. It takes a second for Dean to recognize the song that’s playing, but then —
It would be worth it just for the way Cas grunts when Dean’s fist connects with his solar plexus, a grin blooming across Dean’s face for a bright, feral moment. He swings forward to grapple Cas back, to try and shove him to the floor —
Still overdressed, though. Dean fumbled Cas’s shirt buttons open until Cas kissed him sweetly and took over, shouldering out of it with remarkable smoothness for a guy who’d been a self-confessed virgin until a week and a half ago. But Cas was a damn fast learner, Dean had begun to figure out, and he was almost impossible to embarrass, too. Bodies were still strange and new for him in general, how was learning the rules of sex any different from learning the rules of any other social interaction?
Guess that point got lost in the shuffle. Dean kisses the underside of Cas’s sharp jaw. “Mm. If you want it. I’ll fix you up a new ID.”
The brick wall was solid at Dean’s back, and he was grateful for it as he braced his hands on his knees. The cold night air was icy, but it felt good after sweating through that kind of fight, it cooled the sweat that was drying between his shoulder blades. He watched his panting breaths fog in front of his lips as Sam packed up the car again. Gun, salt, knife, holy water, spare ammo; there was something comforting about watching them all get put back into their rightful places.
Cas pushes his knee up, just barely pressing it into the cup of Dean’s hand. The words come out halfway between dazzled and thunderstruck when he says, “You never fail to surprise me, Dean Winchester.”
The whole thing isn’t as trashed as he’d first thought, but he’s still just one man on the job, so the task is daunting even after all the rotted boards have been torn up and discarded. He’s just finished counting out and marking with light pencil marks where to saw the planks of wood when Cas returns from the gardening store, armed to the teeth with seeds and fertilizer and other shit Dean doesn’t know how to name.
Cas rolled Dean onto his back and hovered over him, eyes more fierce than Dean had maybe ever seen them. They glowed with barely-suppressed grace, his agitation crackling like a live wire, lighting him up in sparks. “Are you listening to me?”
Jack offers him a tired, radiant smile. “I don’t know. Nobody knows except the reapers. Isn’t that wonderful?”
Cas nods and complies with some difficulty. Dean shakes two tylenol out of the bottle and grabs his own cup of water from earlier that’s sitting on the coffee table, watching Cas until he’s swallowed the pills.
Dean chews the inside of his cheek for a moment. “Swear to me right now whatever you’re doing won’t come back to bite us on the ass.”
Dean shook his head. It was all aches and pains, anyway, and he was used to those — he’d become well-acquainted with his bad knee that throbbed on the drive home after a long hunt, the repetitive stress that made his hands hurt especially at the knuckles, the weird click in his right ankle that hadn’t healed right from a sprain when he was twenty-five (thankfully not the one currently swelling in his boot, however). He’d noticed some of those aches and pains had begun to behave better than they’d used to, although he wasn’t sure exactly when the improvement had started; he had a sneaking suspicion it had something to do with how Cas had put him back together after Hell, like he’d noticed with his chest scars, but he didn’t want to poke at it too hard.
They’re nice ones, as hands go. Not that Dean spends a lot of time staring at other dudes’ mitts to compare. But they’re well-shaped, long-fingered and broad, fingernails neatly trimmed after having gotten dirt crusted under them a time too many. They’re smooth at the palm despite how many times Dean’s asked him to bleed for a spell.
Castiel’s eyes cleared, he stilled, and his bruised and bloody hands dropped slowly as he saw the young human was nearly unconscious, his eyes barely open, lids flickering. Gabriel was right. It was essential the boy remained conscious for this next part.
“Gabriel is smart and funny and a bit of an asshole, but I like him, Sam. And Castiel is…he’s got this…he’s got this *presence*, and he wants to do what’s right, and he’s funny, too, but in the driest, snarkiest way.”
“The werewolf was helping me, of course. At least, for a while, he was. He had no problem killing nasty human hunters, who were so indiscriminate that they murdered any supernatural they came across,” Raphael smirked.
Angels were few but they were powerful - physically, magically, financially, and politically. No one knew where they came from, but since they arrived over two hundred years ago, they had rearranged society and human laws to suit themselves. Dean knew some history – he knew that in the old days, convicts like him were sentenced to be locked up, not to do labor. Angels saw that as illogical and wasteful, and so the labor laws came into being. And they had the magic to make the whole thing work. After sentencing, Laborers were magically bound to their supervisors in the case of SL’s or assignees in the case of RL’s, by the Registrar, a city post always filled by an angel. The magic ensured that Laborers would not escape and must obey basic commands.
Castiel cleaned them with a thought, nodded to his brother as he left, then settled with Dean under the covers, holding him tight. They had not had the best start, it was certainly true, but now that Dean had chosen him, he would work every day to show him how much he was respected and valued, both his person and his service. He knew they still had much to discover about each other and work out, but he had no doubts they would do so. Dean was his now. And he was Dean’s.
“Castiel?” Gabriel asked, brow quirked up. He had one hand on Dean’s shoulder, the other firm against his back, and he, Dean, and the Registrar were looking at him.
Dean stood naked in front of them all, as was proper and necessary for the binding and marking to take. It wasn’t cold, but he shivered with nerves now that the wave of warm magic had receded. This was literally one of his worst nightmares – standing naked in front of a bunch of people. He kept his eyes on the Registrar, trying hard not to take notice of anything in his peripheral vision, and trying harder not to think about whether any family, friends, or neighbors were watching this happen to him now.
Dean huffs and shakes his head with a disbelieving smile. “I guess we know why Bobby always reminded you of Rufus,” he says softly as he bumps his shoulder against Cas’.
Right. And then Cas has to go and say something like that. Again. Damn him and his flowery speeches of devotion. Dean shudders but fixes Cas with a fierce scowl. “Right.” He rolls his eyes and Cas spins him against the wall.
They walk out of the coffee shop together and Cas waves a hurried goodbye as he all but runs to his car. He’s late. He’s going to be at least ten minutes late to his lecture and he’s
Dean tries his best not to huff and shake his head. The idea that Mary would deny Cas something so simple is absurd. “Of course.” He shrugs. “Let’s go talk to her.”
“She’s well, considering. I reckon she’s only got a few weeks left before I have a son,” Benny says with a broad smile.
Dean takes a deep breath and lets out a sigh. “Yeah, I can explain.” He waves absently at the mess surrounding him. “Well, actually, not really. One of my employees, well
All of those miserable emotions fizzled out the moment he stepped into that coffee shop and literally collided with the man of his dreams. Those bright blue eyes staring up at him with perfectly pink lips parted in a startled O had made Dean’s heart skip and stutter in ways he’s never felt before.
“Good boy.” Cas resumes his petting and soon, his touched become firmer and more directed. Cas takes his time kneading the tension from Dean’s shoulders and replacing each knot in his muscle with a gentle kiss followed by a bite that barely keeps Dean from falling asleep.
His cheeks flush crimson and he drops to his knees, not even caring that Dean managed to steal his swimsuit.
Cas nods once again. That is true, but for reasons Castiel would prefer not to discuss. His body finally feels healed from the injuries Alastair inflicted upon him and he would be glad to leave the incident unmentioned for the rest of time.
Dean takes his chance and nuzzles at Castiel’s knee. “I wasn’t good for you” He pouts, lowering his gaze deferentially.
They pass the short walk to the bedroom in silence, Cas content to let the lingering adrenaline seep from his system with Dean’s hand held tightly in his.
Dean and his guard make it into the woods unfollowed by Asmodeus’ followers. His uncle is likely already celebrating.
Cas is convinced that Balthazar isn’t as straight as he leads everyone to believe, but whatever. He’ll take the compliment. “I need a belt.” He looks down his body with a frown, noting how the shirt rests just right to show off a buckle.
Cas hums in consideration as he follows Dean into the kitchen. “Well, you’re no Dread Pirate Roberts either.”
Castiel huffs and scrunches his nose. “They forced me to watch Dean behead a man last night. Trust me, brother. I understand what savagery these heathens are capable of,” Cas says lowly, just loud enough for Sam to overhear as he glares at their surroundings.
“Ooh, good choice. This Dean of yours won’t be able to resist. Now, let me fix your hair.” Balthazar grins and almost dances in place with excitement. “It’s good to see you not looking like a disgruntled tax accountant.”
Cas feels his eyes water and he covers her hand with his on his cheek, refusing to let go. His entire body aches with the need to wrap her in his arms and never let go. He swallows hard and offers a single shaky nod. “Anything.”
Dean’s thoughts circle around Cas and the hurt look in his wide blue eyes when Dean told him to leave. Cas may not see it now, but he will. He just needs a little time and he’ll wisen up and fall back into Inias’ arms.
Cas hums his approval and nuzzles his nose at the base of Dean’s neck. The Angel’s body is a hot line behind and around Dean, holding him close and safe.
Dean preens with the praise, his own dopey grin spreading over his face as Cas scoots down his body to pick up where he had left off. Cas kisses his way down the insides of Dean’s thighs to his knees and calves, gently running his hands up and down Dean’s legs as he goes.
He doesn’t expect anything to happen, but the building tingle low in his belly has him hoping that maybe Dean wants him too. Sweet, beautiful, talented Dean. Cas longs to touch, to learn every inch of Dean’s body and map every freckle. “Now, let's get you to the shower.” Cas presses a chaste kiss to Dean’s cheek and turns toward Benny, noticing the faint blush coloring the man’s cheeks as he clears his throat.
he repeats. “You find any good hunts yet?” He changes the subject, knee bouncing under the table as he drags Sam’s book away from him.
Dean’s lips are hot on his, demanding and needy, and Cas is all too willing to follow Dean’s lead. His fingers drift to Dean’s hips as Dean’s fingertips brush over bare skin, his shirt being rucked up as Dean claims his mouth and backs him toward the bed. “Been thinking about you, about this,” Dean whispers, his voice nearly broken as his fingers brush the ridges of Cas’ ribs and his palms press flat against Cas’ skin. “Been wanting to get my hands on you all week.”
Cas falls into step with Charlie while the woman grumbles about this being exactly why those two hooligan needs to keep a lid on it and behave. He wants to ask, but quite frankly, Charlie in full manager mode scares him and he isn’t about to risk it.
“Not gonna last,” Dean whines before Cas reclaims his lips with the determination to push Dean over the edge.
Cas chuckles and pulls back to push his underwear over his hips and down until he can kick them off without moving from his place over Dean. His cock bobs free and Dean bites his lip as he watches, gaze fixated on Cas’ hard length even as Cas reaches for the condom. “You sure you’re ready?” Cas asks, drawing Dean’s attention.
Mick, of course, wouldn’t say what was real and what his people planted, but in the end none of that matters.
Finally, those blue eyes surrounded by that black mask open and lock with Dean’s. “Feel so good Dean” His voice is pure gravel, wrecked and needy. “Please, don’t stop”
“You can. I’ll be right here.” He steps into Castiel’s space and closes his hand around the phone. “Come on.” He takes the phone and gently tugs Cas toward the narrow hall. This will be more comfortable on the couch.
By the time he pulls up in front of Bobby and Ellen’s modest house just outside the city, Cas still hasn’t responded, and Dean tells himself that the man is probably just busy. Everything is
When Dean pulls back, he holds his hand out for Cas to take and Mary manages a smile that doesn’t reach her eyes.
“Look, I’ve spent too much time alone lately. Please, do me a favor and keep me company,” Dean says, batting his lashes in a mockery of seduction.
Dean lets him sit in silence for another moment, waiting but when Cas doesn’t continue, Dean rests his hand on Cas’ boxer clad thigh and squeezes gently. “Okay,” he says. His voice betrays his confusion and Cas sighs as he shakes his head.
“I’m sorry I ignored you, Dean. My intention was not to hurt you.” Cas squeezes his knee and pulls his hand back.
He can’t help the dopey smile that spreads over his features. “If you’ll be driving that beast of a car, then you can pick me up whether you win or not.”
Cas silences him with a tender kiss as he lifts himself onto his elbow. He cradles Dean’s jaw with his hand, thumb stroking his cheek lightly as he stares down into those perfectly green eyes. “I want you, Dean, I’ve wanted you since you stayed over that night. I was trying not to rush you, I didn’t want you to think…” Cas trails off and chews his lip as he shakes his head. “I didn’t want you to think I only like you because you’re famous.”
Cas huffs and shakes his head. “Lord forgive me for my honesty, but Marv has always been on the verge of untrustworthy.”
Sharp pleasure builds, spiraling upward and outward as his balls tighten. He can’t hold on much longer, not when Dean is watching him so closely, the fire burning deep in his green eyes finally sated even as he meets him thrust for thrust.
Maybe he should have just kept Cas to himself for a while longer, but when he mentioned that he was seeing someone, Ellen jumped on him like a mother hen.
Dean nods and sucks in a deep breath as he knees his way off the bed to strip off his boxers and slick his gorgeous cock before taking his place between Cas’ spread knees. “I want to see you.”
Suddenly, Castiel freezes, staring down at his bloodied hand before looking up into Dean’s narrowed and angry green eyes. “Wyvern,” Cas whispers, turning his wide stare back to the blade.
Bobby shakes Cas’ hand with a snort and shakes his head. “Call me Bobby. Don’t stand on none of that ‘sir’ nonsense.”
“Good to see you, Cassie.” Balthazar rests a heavy hand on Castiel’s shoulder and Cas spins to take in his brother’s somber expression.
think about the silver band tucked into the bottom of his suitcase that he did not intend to bring. If it clung to the bottom of the socks he shoved in the bag and accidentally fell in, that is no one’s business but his own and there is no need to move it.
Kinks explored: Wax play and telepathic bonds (at least as far as Dean praying to Cas is concerned).
“Dean,” Cas breathes against the tender skin of Dean’s throat, the slight bump of his mating gland right there, easily within reach and ripe for the taking. His heart hammers, wanting, needing, but he won’t take.
Dean swallows hard and shakes his head. “No. I’m good.” He isn’t nervous about the exhibit. He is far more terrified of the question he plans to ask than he is of facing Castiel’s mother for the first time in almost two thousand years.
Luckily, a fair bit of ink goes with it and he slumps in his chair with a sigh. He’s going to need all the luck he can get if spending more time with his assbutt of a brother is in their future.
“Cas,” Dean says, resting his hands on Cas’ upper arms to keep some distance between them. “What happened? You were fine and then Ellen complimented your game,” Dean says, trying to puzzle through the sudden guilt clouding Cas’ features.
Fresh panic begins to swell and Cas forces himself to take a deep breath when he notices Dean’s concerned frown.
It’s bad enough that Balthazar went out of his way to find Gabriel’s phone number and those two have grown to be thick as thieves.
“What about Mother? Did she come?” Castiel would be lying if he said he didn’t care what she thought. She may have stood by her husband’s side and left his will unquestioned, but she was always the one to comfort her sons and support them as much as she was able.
Dean arches a brow and waits for Cas to look at him. Food play is just kinda strange unless they’re talking about things like whipped cream and chocolate sauce. Dean could get behind licking either of those from Cas’ skin but that almost seems boring compared to the other items on the list. “Suspension?” is the one Dean feels compelled to ask about.
When Dean looks up, he licks his lips shyly and bites his lip. “Today’s the nineteenth. One of the kink options is public, right?” He waits for Cas to nod. “I want,” Dean starts but swallows thickly as he forces himself to meet Cas’ gaze. “I want to try that. If you can hide us. If...if you would be okay with that?”
“You can either wait in the green room or go back to the buffet room. Or you can join me?” Dean asks sheepishly, cheeks flushing crimson as he struggles to laugh at his own joke.
His fingers twitch with the desire to wipe the stray moisture away and Dean chastises himself for the wayward thought as he clings to his anger. His cheeks heat and nose flares as he sucks in a sharp breath and frowns.
“That okay?” Cas flops onto the bed next to Dean, breathing heavily as he carefully flexes his legs with a wince.
When Cas wakes, light is streaming through the crack between the curtains and the other side of the bed is cold. He rolls over with a groan and buries his face in Dean’s pillow, inhaling the faint scent of Dean’s shampoo that lingers of the soft cotton.
The next thing he knows, Cas is wrapping his arms around him in the small space, their slippery bodies pressed together from chests to knees. “I love you,” Cas whispers in his ear. “I don’t deserve you, I don’t deserve any of this, but I’m not letting go this time. I am so sorry I hurt you.”
Cas unbuckles his seatbelt and rolls his eyes at the glare Garth gives him in the rearview mirror as he scoots across the bench seat to plaster himself to Dean’s side. His hands roam, tugging Dean against him as he leans close to whisper in Dean’s ear. “I know one thing I want to do tonight, and it isn’t watching
to try being Cas’ submissive. Honestly, subbing probably wouldn’t be much different from what they’re already doing but there’s just something about formalizing it that has Dean’s stomach twisting in knots.
This was kind of a short one and the next chapter will be too. I'm getting so far behind that I'm trying to force myself to cut out a lot of the extra stuff that vaguely resembles a plot. We'll see how long I can manage that...
Gabriel shakes his head. “Dean is an idiot. He loves you, Cassie. That much is plain for anyone to see.”
Cas schools his features into a serious frown. “Don’t get used to it,” he says with a squinty glare.
Dean licks his lips and nods. “I’m not picky. Sometime, you’ll have to let me cook for you though. I made a great burger.”
Cas has told him about that asshole before and he would have loved to have seen Cas stand up in front of the class to correct him.
Finally, I've got this done and ready to post. I hope y'all enjoy. There is some NSFW material at the end, so take that as you will.
He freezes and his eyes blow wide when his fingers brush against Dean’s and he suddenly remembers himself. Dean gives him a puzzled glance but Cas looks away with a shy flush to his cheeks. He can’t bring himself to meet Dean’s gaze when he so carelessly sought out contact that is in no way appropriate.
“So get this” Sam strides into the library, open computer in hand, not bothering to comment on the disgruntled glare he receives for his interruption.
“No salad?” Dean finally decides to question as Cas is dishing out the pasta into the oversized bowls he selected and his stomach drops.
Dean surpasses a terrified shiver and shakes his head. “No. I mean, women in corsets are hot…but you’re you. It’s not the same”
“Barely,” Dean huffs and nods. “But sure, one more. Please,” Dean says, looking up to the server bashfully. If he tried to order in Italian, he’s sure the words would come out as Spanish instead.
Dean doesn’t even consider the option. His arms wrap around Castiel’s shoulders effortlessly and pull him close, swaying slightly in the wide space to music only they can hear. “Are you doing alright with this?” He whispers against the shell of Cas’ ear. “We can go whenever you’re ready.”
Inias huffs and spins back to his bread dough. “You have fallen under the devil’s spell,” He says lowly and Cas doesn’t bother to restrain his gasp.
Cas’ expression falls and Dean swears he can see disappointment flicker in his too blue gaze. “Next time, sure,” Cas forces a smile that neither of them believes.
“I get it, guys. Just, don’t. Okay?” Charlie shakes her head sadly with a frown and Cas turns his head just in time to see an intrepid reporter lowering her camera with a pinched brow.
He glances at Cas and gives a watery smile as he drops his hand from the wheel to tangle their fingers together and they stay that way until Dean cranks the wheel to pull into the museum parking lot.
Dean shrugs. “It’ll keep. If I keep looking at all this sparkly shit, I think my eyes are gonna cross.”
“Sorry to disappoint. It’s just me.” Dean shakes his head but his smile dims somewhat and Cas’ brow furrows as he tries to puzzle out what Dean means.
Dean winces but shakes his head vehemently. “Hell no, dude. I’m Bi myself. I ain’t gonna put up with working with someone who thinks like that. Singer Salvage and Repair does not condone or endorse homophobic bullshit.” Dean isn’t sure what convinces him to come out so easily to a perfect stranger. Maybe it’s the man’s ill-fitting, probably hand-knitted, rainbow sweater, or the frustration that is still making Dean’s eyes burn, or maybe it’s the way this man is staring like he can see straight through to Dean’s soul.
Cas nods, heart racing like Dean will somehow be able to read his mind and know of his almost blunder. “Just gotta get my bag. Turns out we have the same toiletry bag and the same type of toothbrush…I almost used yours,” Cas says with a self-deprecating awkward laugh as he internally winces. He hadn’t planned to just come out with it like that. “I didn’t though, I promise,” he tacks on for good measure.
Fear lurches in his stomach and his heart patters wildly when Dean’s fingers flex and seek to pull him ever closer. Cas pulls back with a jolt and covers his face with his hands in shame over the sudden panic that has his lungs nearly frozen with dread.
“Apologies, sir,” he mumbles in the general direction of the Jarl before lifting his chin high and meeting Dean’s gaze fully for the first time in days. “Benny needs you, Dean. Now,” Cas says, proud that his voice only wavers slightly in the face of Samuel’s cold glare.
He thunders down the stairs in his haste to escape the throat clogging stench and he bursts through the front door in near-record time. The San Francisco heat has long since settled in for the day but Cas still breathes deep lungfuls of the fresher air.
Cas nods again and sucks in a heavy breath. “Not ok,” Cas admits. He keeps his tone soft to indicate that he’s speaking of himself and not of Benny’s duties.
“Are you ok, Dean?” Cas whispers, suddenly not playing the doctor anymore as he stares deeply into Dean’s eyes. “We can stop if you’d like?”
Crowley chuckles as if Dean had given him a wonderful compliment and Cas can’t help but roll his eyes. He thinks he’s starting to get a grasp on the strange relationship between Dean and this particular paparazzo and it is nothing short of amusing.
Dean readily takes Castiel’s thumb into his mouth and swirls his tongue around the digit as his eyes slide closed.
Cas finally notices the crowd is dissipating, Dean must have called it quits, and he turns his gaze back to the direction Jessica disappeared in. “She read my book.”
Dean’s breath hitches when a flash of blue eyes a tinkling laugh comes to mind but they disappear before Dean can grasp them tighter. He swallows hard and flounders for a thought to grasp.
The stretch is a lot, a little more than he had anticipated but his insides burn with the desire for more. He’s so full and Cas is so hot inside him as he rolls his hips gently, testing the motion as his body adjusts to the intrusion. “Feels so good,” Dean mutters as he drops his head back, lips parted and eyes closed.
Joshua nodded and slid into the space, his head turned back toward Dean. There wasn’t a lot of extra space, but it was enough for him. No way Dean was going to fit. Dean gave the boy a little smile of approval. “Awesome, Josh. That’s perfect. Listen, I want you to stay here, okay?” He met the boy’s eyes and saw him nod.
“There, Pretty. It’s done. You did so well. I’m so proud of you, thank you. You were so good for me, such a good bitch for me. You took my cock so well.” Gabriel murmured praise and slowly stroked Dean’s hair.
He looked back at Gabriel, abruptly realizing where this whole explanation was going. Gabriel was about to fuck him too.
Dean believed him. He believed Cas would help him do whatever he chose to do, now that he was free. This moment was an inflection point in Dean’s life, and what he chose now would either send him back to the life he had always known, maybe with a little bit extra knowledge and life experience, he acknowledged to himself with an internal smirk, or it would take him into a new life – a life with Cas, a life of service, of submission. Of love.
Dean blinked, and then swallowed. “Yeah, please” he managed to get out, just loud enough, he judged. Fuck. It was happening right the fuck now.
“Hell, yeah!” Gabriel replied, walking into the living room and flopping on the armchair, limbs sprawled everywhere, sucking on a lollipop he’d snapped into existence.
There was quiet for a few moments as one hunter looked off into the distance, one tapped their fingers, a couple squinted their eyes. After a few moments, the dark-haired woman started to speak.
Dean had expected to become an SL and spend his five years doing hard labor somewhere, but he had known that becoming an RL had been a possibility, especially after his trial. He had been convicted of involuntary manslaughter in the death of a werewolf hunter named Silas Browne. Browne had worked alone, but in the past, he had been known to work with the Novak Brothers, a small, elite angel hunter group. Dean had noticed the two well-dressed, dangerous-looking men that sat in the front row of the court during his trial. One was on the short side, with a thin, sharpish face that nonetheless was pleasant. The other was tall and well-built, handsome and…arresting, really. They weren’t there every day, and they seemed to appear and disappear at random, but they were definitely noticeable. Dean had asked his state-appointed lawyer, and she said they were the Novaks themselves – Castiel and Gabriel. Angels. He knew that couldn’t be good.
Dean sneaked a look at Castiel, but he couldn’t read his face – well, he never could, so that wasn’t that much of a change, unlike that…hug…? That hug was a huge fucking change. He felt a little lost.  But it wasn’t actually a bad thing.  “How is Joshua?” he asked.
Castiel didn’t reply, his steady look answering for him. Castiel Novak didn’t appear tall, but it was only because his muscular build disguised it. It was only as he approached the magistrate that his true height became apparent. His body was solid, and he radiated a commanding, unyielding presence. His clothes were expensive and obviously well-made. He wore dark slacks and a button-down white shirt with a slim black belt and black dress shoes. His hair was short and dark, his face broad and handsome, his lips full, and his eyes cool and strikingly blue – and now they turned to pierce the older human functionary.
“Dean made me take off, and he waited for them. That was it. The next thing I know, he was calling me from jail.” Sam slumped, looking down. He hadn’t wanted to leave his brother, but when Dean wanted to, he could totally pull off the big brother voice and make Sam do what he told him to.
The records were delivered to the court and Dean was officially declared innocent and free, with apologies all around. Castiel had corralled his brother Gabriel and taken Dean to the Magistrate immediately thereafter to get the bonds released. He would not waste a single second when pursuing the goals of Dean’s freedom and happiness.
Dean was off balance and ashamed. He had spent his whole life being trained by his father to be a strong, aggressive, dominant hunter of evil, and here he was standing in front of the whole community, being presented as a bitch. Everyone here knew he had taken these angels’ cocks up his ass. Everyone here knew that he was going to keep taking cock every day for the next five years, and there was absolutely nothing he could do about it.
Dean smiled. It seems they had successfully navigated his coming out as bisexual and blew right past to the details. Sam was all about the details. Love for his brother and his analytical mind washed through him. “Hey, Sam.”
Joshua blinked, caught between the fun he was just having with a laughing Dean and the grim man that faced him now.
“I met their brothers, and maybe we’re not gonna be besties, but at least their youngest is a cool kid, you’d like him, Sam. And they have this woman, Charlie, working for them – she’s smart as hell, she’s like a tech genius – she kinda saved my life, and she’s helping to find out what happened with the trial and all that.”
Finally, Gabriel pushed deep and came with a long, drawn-out groan, his semen spurting rhythmically into Dean, hot and slippery. Gabriel rested on top of him for several minutes, his breathing and heart slowing down, then he gently pulled away, not far, just enough to shift his weight off of the young man. His belly warmed a bit with pleasure as he saw traces of his come marking Dean, spilling out of him.
“On your feet!” Dean shouts, gesturing for them to rise. His gut churns with turmoil and acid burns in the back of his throat. He agrees with his brother on the matter of forced servitude. Some men and women commit crimes that have them deserving the shackles of being held in thrall, but these men are innocent as far as Dean knows.
keys to his apartment, but he’s afraid to rush their relationship into something they might not be ready for. Or, that Dean might not be ready for because Cas can think of nothing he would love more than to come home to find that Dean has let himself into his apartment.
Castiel doubles down and snaps his hips hard enough to push Dean up the bed with a strained grunt. He clenches down on the feeling brewing low in his gut, the delicious release building easily within reach as soon as he takes care of his fiancé.
“Yes, Dean.” Cas grins. “We have to clean it before we can eat it. But first, you need to hold it still go I can make sure it's legal.” He knows full well this one is legal, it might be a foot over the minimum but he isn’t going to tell that to Dean.
Cas can’t help the flicker of doubt at their words, but the light from it dims each time someone repeats the words. They can’t all be lying. And what would they have to gain from it? Cas doesn’t know them from Adam and he shouldn’t mean anything to them.
Cas giggles at seemingly nothing and sways in his seat with a gummy smile. The sound is divine to his ears, but Dean belatedly realizes he probably should have cut Cas off sooner.
Kinks explored: Praise...I know, shocking since I seem to be writing nothing but fluff with these two. Also, a glimpse of flirty Dean and jealous Cas.
“Is that blood?” Dean swallows hard. The renewed pounding of his heart tells him that he already knows the answer, but he refuses to believe it until he hears the words from Castiel’s mouth.
Dean’s attention snaps to where Cas has come to sit on the edge of the bed. “Cas, what...what happened? You were captured and then, I don’t understand?” Dean rambles, memories of that day trickling back to him. “How long has it been?”
“Father made it clear he only has three sons and I no longer care what any of you say about my sexuality. Unless you have something of merit to say, we’re done here.” Castiel scowls and shakes his head, the lingering resentment from his teenage years resurfacing like barely any time has passed at all.
When he’s far enough away from the stream, he lets out a heavy breath and turns off the path to lean against a tree. The soft scent of pine fills his nose as he breathes and birds chirp happily in the distance.
Cas either doesn’t get the memo or elects to ignore it, because he’s touching Dean’s hip next, squeezing. “How should I say it, then?”
“Is this what you want?” he asked, pad of thumb stroking through the neat thatch of hair between Dean’s legs and pressing down gently on Dean’s clit. “Do you want me to leave you in agony while I make love to you?”
“Yep. Can I get another?” Dean asks, sliding her his glass. Complicated doesn’t even start to cover it.
It was suddenly very important to be on the other side of the grocery store. “I’m getting — uh, snacks,” Dean said, beating a hasty retreat before Cas could question him doubling back.
“Well, shit,” he sighs. He adds it to his mental list of things to fix. In the meantime, he layers blankets on his bed and takes an extra thick one out to Sam.
— And two enormous wings shudder into existence behind him, rippling like a mirage. Dean flinches back, squinting into the display as Cas flexes them once, twice, beating them hard enough to shake up a wind that bows his flowers. Jack lets go of his hand.
There was a time Dean hadn’t believed in second chances at all, let alone whatever the hell number they’re on at this point, their fourth or fifth or tenth, God help them. Even still, there’s a not-insignificant part of him that wants to reply with something sharp and cynical that would only make Cas’s face shutter further with a wince.
Dean’s knees ache from crouching, and his stomach churns. “It’s not cheating, putting your grace in the ground?”
Cas comes back late at night. Dean snaps out of a restless doze when he hears the door open and shut, locks clicking into place behind him like a promise. The stairs creak as he ascends them, footfalls soft enough that Dean knows it’s on purpose, trying not to rouse him.
Dean thinks, but manages to catch it before it tumbles out of his mouth. Score one for Winchester. Usually he just says the dumb shit before he can think twice. What would he know about Cas’s self-control, anyway? There isn’t another creature on planet Earth with his patience.
He comes to a halt in front of a stall where a woman’s selling metal jewelry she’s hammered by hand. He runs fingertips over a burnished copper bangle, remembering the ring he used to wear, the stupid beaded bracelets. When did he stop wearing them? Sometime between deaths, maybe, after he’d given up on collecting tchotchkes on the road to replace the things he lost.
Cas, who’s learned by now that Dean means it when he says to give him space, nods and stands. “You know where I’ll be,” he says, and touches Dean’s ankle just briefly before he leaves. Even through the covers, Dean feels it all the way down to the bone.
“Come inside,” he says. He kicks out a foot, getting dirt on Cas’s boot when he nudges him. “Gotta get breakfast before we go swimming.”
He slips out of the room and down the stairs as quietly as he can, avoiding the step he noticed creaking on his way up earlier. He sneaks past Sam, who’s slack-jawed and snoring faintly, long limbs flung out in an ungainly sprawl the same way he’s always slept since he was a child.
“Is it over?” Cas inquired. He sounded worn out, and Dean wondered how much of his daily allotment of energy was spent making sure Dean and Sam both didn’t eat shit and die. “I no longer sense an unearthly presence in the immediate vicinity.”
“Yes.” Cas looks at him with his brow creased, eyes deep and complicated and no longer melting in their sockets, thank fuck. “Is that a dream you’ve had before?”
“I told you I’d give you what you deserve,” Cas interrupted, raising his lips from Dean’s belly. His eyes flashed. “Not what you want.”
“How’d you know I had a headache, anyway?” Dean asked, eyeing the stripe of skin at Cas’s waistline before he tugged his shirt down over it.
Dean was hobbling by the time they made it inside, which was super annoying, if only because Cas followed him around with narrowed eyes and his mouth a thin, unhappy line. He kept beaming
“Cas,” Dean rasped, clutching at the tie around his wrists, just for something to hang onto. Tension coiled up tight and white-hot in his gut. “God,
The lead Sam had researched at the library turned out to be a promising one, so they packed their shit up to leave in the morning. Sam sat at the dinner table and made huge, jaw-cracking yawns until Dean thwapped him with a rolled-up dish towel and told him to go to bed.
“Oh, shit,” Dean groans, sinking into his bedroom’s door frame as Cas devotes his attention to his neck again. He’s going to leave marks, red and purple bruises in the shape of his mouth. Dean is so hard that his zipper and fly press into his dick. “Cas...” he sighs, just for the pleasure of saying Cas’s name, the godless name Dean gave him.
“Fuck,” Sam says with feeling. “We can argue about it later, okay? I gotta give her something to tide her over.”
Dean locks the garage door behind himself to at least make a gesture toward keeping the surprise a secret. Cas is standing in the kitchen picking the price sticker off a green glass cylinder about the size of his thumb.
Dean can still feel Cas’s back against his front in the lake if he thinks about it, Cas’s head leaning back on his shoulder to tell him he should have been left in the Empty.
Back at the bunker, Dean runs Cas a bath. He half expects to be shoved out of the bathroom so Cas can handle it himself, but he isn’t, so he doesn’t leave. Cas stands in the middle of the room staring vacantly in front of himself while Dean turns on the tap, drizzles soap into the water to make suds while the tub fills, shooting little cautious glances toward Cas out of the corners of his eyes.
Dean kisses him fiercely while he hooks fingers in Cas’s belt loops to tug him the rest of the way up the stairs. If they pause to reassess one more time, he’ll lose it. Walking backward down the hall is easy, easy — Dean knows every square inch of this house, he
"Eileen and Jody are coming back soon," Dean says, feeling selfish and small and yes, goddamn it, homesick. "Cas. You wanna go home?"
For now, the afternoon spills out at Dean’s feet in a taffee-string of possibility, stretching without snapping. Cas is alive in his arms. He has his
He can’t talk about it, fine, but he’s always been better at acting, anyway. He’ll figure out what he can do, and then he’ll just — he’ll do it. He will. Easy as that.
It isn’t until he’s almost asleep that Dean realizes he hasn’t called the house in Colorado ‘the safe house’ like Sam just did nearly since they bought it. It keeps him up for a while, turning the thought over and over in his mind, trying to make it spark.
Dean knew Cas’s touch wouldn’t stick any more handprint scars on him, here aboveground. That didn’t mean he
Dean can’t wrap his head around a werewolf washing dishes on the full moon. Or a teenager, for that matter. “So this one’s tame for now,” he says. “What about when she grows up, huh? This’s gonna break bad, Sam, it always does.”
The lake house is in Fort Collins Colorado and it is in a complete state of disrepair. The front deck has rotted away into almost nothing, just a rickety set of steps up to a yellow door with peeling paint. Dean puts his hand on the decaying banister and feels the way the late afternoon sun has soaked inside and warmed it to the touch, rubbing his thumb against a knot in the wood.
Castiel was looking into Dean’s eyes again, and it was both nerve-wracking and comforting at the same time. Dean swallowed, then looked down and took a sip of tea, just for something to do.
The hookups were…well, sex was good, as always, but they didn’t really satisfy him fully or for long. He knew he needed some kind of change, but he hadn’t had a clue what that might look like. He sure as hell hadn’t expected that change to come like this.
Castiel nodded. Now that he was no longer blinded by his pain and anger, he knew she was right. Now they just had to find a way to make it right. And maybe find out who had really murdered his friend.
Michael lifted his chin in acknowledgement of Gabriel, glanced at Dean for a moment, then left to find Castiel.
Gabriel came up behind him and between the two of them they helped him pull his clothes off, then settle back down on his knees for Cas. Gabriel remained behind him, naked and hard himself. Dean felt gentle hands pull his buttocks apart and a lubed finger entered him, getting him ready for a cock.
Sam hummed a little but didn’t speak. He knew better than to interrupt a Dean that was actually talking.
After Gabriel had healed Dean enough to stabilize him, Castiel had carried him up to his room. Dean would not return to that bare closet again. Gabriel followed, a silent, supportive presence. Castiel had silently stripped and gently washed the battered man and laid him gently in his bed. Both the angels had expended so much energy they needed to conserve what they could for another healing – hopefully the next day, if all went as it should.
Castiel sat in the other chair, giving Dean plenty of room, and looked at him, face unreadable as it nearly always was. Finally he blinked and cocked his head slightly, maintaining his gaze on Dean.
It was Gabriel, of course, who broke the silence. “How ya feeling, Deano?” His usual smirk played over his face, but his eyes were warm and concerned.
The work – well, that was easy. Taking care of a house, cooking and cleaning – he’d been doing that for his own small family for years. Ironically, his life now was probably easier than it had been with his family. His mother had died as a result of a demon attack when he was about four, shortly after Sammy had been born, so he didn’t really have a lot of memories of her – maybe impressions might be a better word. After that, his father had jumped into the hunter lifestyle and dragged him and Sammy around the country from one hunt to the next for years. They had grown up on the road with no real constants other than each other. Dean had to take care of his brother and learn to hunt. School had been at the bottom of the priority list, and he had done the legal minimum before he dropped out to help his dad full time.
“Did you find out what the hell those guys were after? I mean, there’s no way they coulda thought they’d get away with kidnapping an angel kid?” Dean asked Gabriel.
They stepped out for a few minutes to call Joshua, reassuring themselves that he was well and hearing what had happened from him. Now they sat in chairs pulled near the bed. Castiel felt as if he had been stunned into physical, mental, and emotional immobility. He had to find a way through this…a path to follow, solid footing in a world suddenly gone askew. Everything he had thought and felt about Dean was wrong. He had known that the instant his grace had touched Dean, and he had allowed himself to See him as he truly was. Dean was…an amazing work of art, woven from strands of love, strength, will, intelligence, humor, humility, and a fierce need to protect and care for others. He was human, so of course he had flaws as any being does, but nothing marred the brilliance of his soul.
“Take my cock in your mouth and hold it there, Dean. No, don’t worry about swallowing, let yourself drool, it’ll make it better for both of us,” Cas commanded gently, holding Dean’s head with his hands. He moved back a bit and sat, guiding Dean until his upper body was virtually laying in his lap, one arm going around Cas’s hip, the other occupied again, gripping his the part of his cock not covered by Dean’s mouth. This left him presenting his ass for Gabriel, and he obediently moved his legs apart, making room for him as the angel moved closer. The fingers disappeared, and Gabriel’s cock pushed in, hot and blunt and big, filling him, pushing him wide. Dean groaned around his mouthful of cock at the stretch and the pleasure of it all. He felt the heat and spark of Castiel’s attention as he sucked his cock, and it warmed him from the inside out.
The magistrate pursed his lips. It wasn’t usual, but it was legal. He looked at the thoroughly beaten and defeated young man lying under Novak, his asshole stretched wide around the thick cock that speared into him, and he nodded. “Witnessed. His paperwork will be amended to reflect his new status. I’ll send a copy over to you within 24 hours. Please make sure to have him marked appropriately as soon as possible. Is there anything else we can do for you, Mr. Novak?”
“Unfortunately for me, the hunter turned out to be not John Winchester, but the two young ones. Also unfortunately, the police arrived much too soon.”
“Hey, Dad,” Dean said into the phone, trying for nonchalance and missing by a mile. During the meeting with Charlie, they had determined that their first step would be to connect Charlie with John so she could get the raw data straight from the source. Only there was no way John would talk to Charlie – a Novak employee – without good reason. Castiel had insisted Dean make the call in private, not that Dean fought him on that, and so Dean found himself perched uncomfortably on Castiel’s bed, phone in hand.
He looked at Castiel again. “How did you find out, anyway? And, really Castiel, why do you even care? You have a pretty human to play with out of the whole fiasco. Keep enjoying yourself, and let me take care of the boring business management details, as I always do.”
And on top of all that…Dean kept thinking of when Castiel had shown him how much stronger, tougher, and more skilled he was than Dean and then mounted him and fucked him…and side number one of his brain wanted Castiel to fuck him again. How wrong was that?! Dean was kinda disgusted with his brain and his body too, for that matter. Then again, he didn’t really want to feel only pain and disgust for the next five years either. It was a dilemma he couldn’t see his way out of.
Dean jerked his head as he jolted awake and groaned at the resulting surge of pain. He blearily looked around, trying to figure out where he was and what was happening. His gaze snapped forward as he remembered fighting and then…nothing. He blinked a couple times, trying to steady his blurry sight and take stock. His head ached, and his arms…. He looked up. His wrists were tied together and to a…pull up bar? It looked like one of those portable ones, and it was wedged into the doorway between the living room and the kitchen. Dean got his feet under him, easing the strain on his arms, but a few quick jerks proved he wasn’t going anywhere soon. He faced the living room, and the three men he had seen briefly on the monitor. They were all three fairly average height and build, although the one on the left was a bit soft with a severe crew cut, so Dean immediately dubbed him Curly. That meant Moe was the leader in the center, and Larry the lighter-haired one on the right. Grim faced, they did not appear a friendly bunch.
Dean heard more wood smashing downstairs, muted now, and too soon, he heard the door to Castiel’s room smash open, close and violent. He tried to keep his heartrate and breathing slow, trying to hear what was going on, trying to anticipate. He felt the closet door open more than anything, some weird sense of space and air where there had been none. Movement near him, then a hard impact fell on his thigh where he lay curled protectively.
Nearly a week passed. Castiel started going out for longer and longer periods as they all waited for something to happen. Dean’s initial restlessness had slowly subsided. When Castiel did work at home, Dean generally stayed close, mostly reading a novel that he found on one of his wanderings around the house. They exchanged a few words here and there, but nothing serious, nothing that came anywhere near the topic Dean was sure they both had front and center in their minds.
Shifting into a squat next to the young man, he quickly and efficiently stripped off his jacket, shirt, and t-shirt, tossing them to the side. Pulling out his knife from the scabbard at his waist, he sliced the laces on the young man’s boots, tugged them off, and tossed them as well, along with his socks. Finally, he stripped off the young man’s jeans and underwear, leaving him naked and bloody on the concrete floor. He turned the young man onto his belly and then reached down with both hands and unbuckled his own belt. He unbuttoned and unzipped his pants and shoved his underwear down, freeing his hugely erect cock, giving it a slow stroke as he did so. Demonstrating his strength and superiority over the young human had stoked his need to totally prove his dominance in this most basic of ways.
With that, Cas lifted his hand and brought the flat of it down on Dean’s waiting ass, gently at first, then a bit harder, then a little bit harder still. He watched Dean’s reaction closely, seeing him squirm and then relax into it. He felt Dean relax at the same time he felt his hard cock against his thigh. His own cock wasted no time hardening again. Spanking Dean was irresistible. When he judged they’d both had enough, he helped a gasping Dean lay face down on the bed and gently lifted his hips, propping a pillow under them. Nudging his legs wide, Cas spread Dean’s buttocks and pushed inside with one slow, deliberate thrust.
“Look, we don’t want to hurt a human, but we will if we have to. Just tell us where he is, and we’ll take him and leave.” It was Curly this time, trying for reason maybe.
He had just been sentenced to five years’ labor for his crime. Normally, a convict owed his labor to the state. State Laborers lived in camps if they worked in the fields or in dormitories if they worked in the cities. SL’s could be assigned to anything the government needed them for – normally agriculture, city services such as picking up garbage or landscaping, or other manual labor, but sometimes even office work was assigned.  It was variable according to the needs of the city and the skills of the laborer.
“Yes, indeed, Boss. It’s crap, by the way.” She had dropped her easy smile to meet Castiel’s eyes, reinforcing her words.
Almost before that thought appeared, he growled out, “Joshua, where’s the best hiding spot in the house?” Dean had to hope that Joshua knew the house well enough to offer a good option.
His hand went to rest on Dean’s bloody forehead, and he finally allowed his grace to unfurl and reach toward the human. Dean’s eyes had been closed tightly against the pain as they held and moved him. Now they opened and met Castiel’s.
Leaving that for a moment, Gabriel gently withdrew from Dean’s body, then picked up the plug that waited next to the bed, already well-lubed. He separated Dean’s buttocks and slowly pressed the plug home, ensuring his come would stay where it belonged, and Dean would continue to be reminded of his submission to Gabriel. Dean sighed, his body loose and relaxed. He was already used to this, even if his mind stumbled regularly.
Dean had been in contact with his family, but John was halfway across the country, still trying to track hunter deaths and working intermittently, and Sam was in school, so he hadn’t been able to see either one yet. One family member had made it to the court though – Bobby Singer. Seeing the two of them hug briefly, desperately, gruffly, had made Castiel happy. He resolved to do everything he could to help Dean stay close to his family, however it was made. Bobby had asked if Dean wanted to come stay with him. Dean had looked at Castiel for a minute, then answered, “Not right now. Maybe later.” Tentative warmth spread throughout Castiel. He hadn’t been sure, but now he knew that Dean was going to give him a chance to convince him to stay. It was up to him to make the most of it. And he would.
Trying to maintain iron control of his fear, Castiel took a deep breath and approached Dean. He hadn’t been able to really look at the man for days. He had been so confused about what he thought and felt about this human that he hadn’t known what to do. He had wanted to figure it out before he proceeded, and he kind of got stuck doing nothing. Now he was here, facing a bloody and beaten Dean yet again. This time, he felt no triumph, no pleasure in his pain – he only felt an ugly sickness in his belly.
This time there was complete silence for a bit, then Castiel asked, “Please explain again, Charlie. Step by step.” His face hadn’t changed expression, with the exception of a slight tightening around his eyes. He didn’t doubt Charlie, but he had to have all the information before he went to accuse his brother of murder - the murder of a friend.
Charlie perched on the edge of an armchair and nervously said, “Hi guys, how’s everyone doing?” Charlie, normally not one to hesitate, was clearly stalling.
Gabriel looked toward Castiel, cocking his head and raising his eyebrows. “Yeah, tell him what comes next, Castiel.”
“Yes, Pretty. Those are the names of your superiors. I’m going to fuck you now. I’m going to claim you as my bitch, just like my brother claimed you. All you have to do is relax and take it, Pretty. Just relax and let it happen. I don’t want to hurt you.” As Gabriel talked, he moved until he was between Dean’s legs, nudging them further apart. Dean’s breathing quickened, but he didn’t resist.
“Why, Raphael?” Castiel stood in front of Raphael’s desk. He was alone. His brothers had wanted to come in with him, but this was his firm. This was his responsibility. Gabriel waited at home with Dean, and the others waited in his own office.
In the days after the binding, Gabriel showed Dean what was expected of him – cooking and cleaning for the most part. The Novaks had a large household made up of not only Castiel and Gabriel, but also their currently absent brothers Michael, Luke, and Ramiel. The five of them together were the elite hunter group known as the Novak Brothers. Castiel had started the group with Gabriel’s assistance, years ago, after he had emerged from the insular angel community and learned the trade from Silas.  They had pulled the others into their group after their initial success had led to bigger and tougher jobs, along with the corresponding money, reputation, and power.  Another brother, Raphael, served as their business manager. Their last remaining sibling, Joshua, remained behind in the angel community as he was still a youth.
As the phone rang once, twice, three times, Dean closed his eyes and tried to figure out if it would be better if Sam didn’t answer or if he did. Talking to his dad was easy – short, fact-based, and direct was how that had to go. His dad didn’t do anything else. No difficult questions like how was he doing or how had they treated him. Dad didn’t do anything but hard. Sam, on the other hand. Well, Sam was gonna have a lot of questions, Dean knew, and he hadn’t the slightest idea what he was gonna tell him, other than the bare-bones report Dad had received. Sam wasn’t going to be satisfied with that, oh no, that much Dean was sure of.
Dean’s belly jumped at the praise, and his cock started to plump up a little bit more. He liked knowing he was giving Cas pleasure, even if he didn’t know what the hell he was doing.
One thing that had become clear to him was that Gabriel was strongly implying that Dean was filling the role of the submissive for both of the angels, but he also seemed to be saying that while Gabriel enjoyed himself (obviously), Castiel might have…. Dean didn’t even know how to finish that sentence. Castiel might have enjoyed himself more? Might have been more attracted to Dean than he wanted to be? Might have been more satisfied than he wanted to be? He just didn’t know quite what Gabriel was going for there.
Gabriel laughed. Yes, his brother was almost at the breaking point. “I know you’ve been watching him. He does everything he’s supposed to, and he takes my cock so sweetly every night. He loves it, but he hasn’t come from it, yet. I want you to give that to him, Castiel. And his mouth, Brother. That’s yours to take first, too.”
He exploded out of the clothing, driving into the man that had just swung his foot through a mound of clothes and found a surprise. The man didn’t even have a chance to yell out before Dean was on him, reaching for his neck. Dean knew he had to keep him quiet if he was to have any chance here at all. Using all his strength, Dean pulled the man into a chokehold, holding tight against his slowly weakening struggles. Dean breathed out silently, working out his next move, when a powerful blow jolted his head. His limbs lost strength immediately, and he felt the man revive and shove away from him as his senses dimmed, and everything went black.
“That’s a good bitch, Dean, take it, take Gabriel’s cock where it belongs, deep inside you, filling you, showing you what you are. You’re his bitch, Dean, just as you are mine. My beautiful bitch.” Castiel breathed to Dean, his cock swelling impossibly hard .
Dean felt the angel take a slow breath, then he stated loud and clear, “This human, named Dean Winchester, was given to me as one of the two heirs of Silas Browne, as Unrestricted Labor for the period of five years, in partial restitution. I claim this human, named Dean Winchester, as my bitch, bound to submit to my dominance in all ways. In token of this, I have demonstrated my dominance with my body.”
Dean smirked at his thought, but the leader, the one Dean had attempted to choke earlier, did not appreciate it, and he threw a hard punch into Dean’s belly. Dean grunted at the impact. He just knew this was not gonna be good.
Dean swallowed, and met Cas’ electric blue eyes. He finally smiled, and allowed the happiness and excitement that exploded within him after he made his decision to appear on his face.
“So, you know, since you left, Dad has been going off on his own hunts a lot. Or sending me off on my own hunts.” Dean stopped, waiting for he didn’t know what – acknowledgement maybe.
Gabriel reached out and laid his hands on Dean’s chest and belly, feeling for his energies. He blinked and looked up at Castiel. “I’m going to need your help, Castiel. He’s…” he looked at Dean then back at his brother. “Keep him here while I mend his body.”
A few days later, John pulled into Bobby’s yard. He climbed out of the car slowly, his body aching from being on the road for the past couple of weeks. He knocked on the door, and when Bobby opened it, he nodded silently. Bobby let him in and led him to the kitchen table. Pouring coffee for them both, Bobby slammed the mugs down and slumped down in a chair across from him. Bobby’s face was tight and drawn with fatigue. “Whaddaya got?”
Castiel had many partners over his lifetime, but none who fully matched him, none who fit into him and into whom he fit. Dean fit. He knew that in that first instance, and it was…like nothing he had ever felt or even imagined before. He wanted to see him well, healthy and strong. He wanted to see him standing before him, his eyes sparkling with intelligence and humor, ready to match Castiel in everything he did. He wanted to see him on his knees before him, eyes raised and glowing with love and gentle acceptance and need to serve. He wanted to see him on his back, legs spread wide for Castiel, eyes soft and welcoming. He knew it was possible…had been possible. Their energies would not have fit so well if it was not. He also feared he had a long path filled with potential pitfalls and traps to pick his way through in order to get there. And it was all his own fault. He had no one else to blame. Gabriel had told him, but he had been so sure he was right about Dean. Castiel swallowed drily and took a deep breath. One thing at a time, that was all he could do. Wait for Dean to wake. Take care of him. Help Gabriel heal him further tomorrow, once their strength had returned. See him strong and well again. And talk to him.
He’s being nice by not mentioning the uneven spots, but hey, Dean’s pleased enough with himself to accept the praise. “Probably,” he answers. He puts his forearms down on the railing, stretching out the sore kink in his back from all the bending over. “Light cherry stain looked okay in the store. I’m gonna take a day off, though, this shit took ages.”
“I am aware.” Cas’s eyes flickered down to the red blooming through Dean’s grey shirt before back up to his eyes. Normally this would be the point at which Cas would heal him, two fingers pressed gently to his forehead until his skin was wiped clean once more. But Cas’s hands stayed by his sides, and Dean wondered if this was the part where he was supposed to start worrying.
Dean wouldn’t have been surprised if the windows started rattling in their frames the way they had when Cas had tried to talk to him the first time. He swallowed hard, helpless, and couldn’t answer; Cas’s eyes flashed again, gone green as a thunderstorm in hurricane season.
“You were calling my name,” Cas tells him. At Dean’s alarmed expression, he sighs and reaches forward with his free hand to touch fingertips to the center of Dean’s chest. “In here. Your soul cried out to me, so I responded in kind.”
“That’s maybe the worst possible way you could say that,” Sam says, wrinkling his nose. “Call if you’re in trouble, okay?”
Dean splutters, mouth opening and closing, because what the hell! You can’t just say that to a person!
Dean had to look away, eyes flickering to the side. What could he say? Better him than anyone else, but he doubted Cas would accept that as an answer.
“I have explicitly disobeyed the first instruction, which is to find an assistant,” Cas tells him. “I’m working under the assumption that the small cartoon man with no hair in the diagram is meant to represent me.”
Jesus, the hive. Dean’s gonna have to call back the dude with the apiary and arrange for a pickup before it’s too late into the summer, or the guy won’t want to sell.
Dean fished around in his pocket and then tossed the keys underhand to his brother. Sam caught them easily and crossed around to the driver’s side of the car, but he hesitated before he got in. The look on his face clearly said
gesture that Cas is quick to rise to his feet and obey. The smooth way he sweeps up the little girl and perches her on his hip is a far cry from the man who once wasn’t sure what rocking a baby might accomplish.
Can they? Dean isn’t so sure. He’s still got images from the storm last night flashing through his head, Cas’s cry ringing in his ears in an echo that pangs.
Cas tended to soften a little, at home. The fact that he hadn’t yet was just as frightening as it was promising.
Not that Cas is on his arm, strictly speaking. He’s actually several paces ahead, eyes bright with real enjoyment as he flits from vendor to vendor. Dean hangs back to watch him. The weather’s warm, so Cas is dressed in a t-shirt and actual fucking cargo shorts — Dean hadn’t had the heart to tell him how dorky he looks when they were clothes shopping, not with Cas so enamored of all the pockets.
Once they’re at the mattress store, Dean decides that he’s going to have a good time on purpose. All they gotta do is lie down on beds and compare their softness — this is one of those classic getting-a-new-place rituals that’s actually kind of fun, and Dean grins at Cas as he falls backwards onto a plush king-sized monstrosity that has controls at the head to make it prop itself up mechanically.
Cas didn’t let up, though. Overwhelmed, overstimulated, muscles of his thighs jumping, Dean writhed under Cas’s mouth, eyes stinging. Every time he looked down, Cas was looking back up at him, gaze hot and searching. Dean didn’t know what he was looking for, so he didn’t know how to hide it.
Cas’s eyes widened. His grip on Dean’s neck loosened, but he left it there, lying flat over his throat. “Is that was this is?” His fingertips traced carefully over the hickeys, so gentle after the harsh way he’d sucked them into Dean’s skin. “You think you deserve this?”
Dean opens and closes his mouth a couple times. There’s a sour taste on his tongue, and he starts to worry maybe the throwing up thing wasn’t a one off, gut clenching ominously.
Sam’s mouth was tight, twisted into a little frown. Dean resolved to tell him a stupid joke to try and smooth out the crease between his eyebrows, just as soon as he felt like he could talk without wheezing.
too strong. Dean drinks it anyway. Cas is outside working on the garden, he can see him through the window, although something has to be wrong, ‘cause all the grass is back.
Everything’s fine. Dean feels like an idiot. He used to pull this shit with Lisa, too, and hates himself a little for feeling the same pang of guilt in his stomach that’s always there when he remembers them. He hates himself a little for even remembering them at all.
“Winchester,” Cas repeats. He steps around the bee box, hand trailing reluctantly off the lid as he walks toward Dean. “Am I a Winchester?”
“Whatever.” Dean rolls his eyes. “Get going before the high horse you rode in on gallops off without you.”
Cas seemed to take this as an acceptable answer, and wrapped his arms around Dean tight. “Close your eyes and hold on,” he said, and Dean had a moment to squeeze his eyes shut and clutch Cas’s lapels before the world was splintering out from beneath them like a shattered window. They were in their bedroom in the bunker when Dean cautiously opened his eyes again, the floor reluctantly solid beneath his feet.
Dean looks at Jack, and Jack looks back at him. The kid isn’t hugging him like he hugged Cas. Who can blame him, after everything? Dean can count on one hand the number of times he hugged his own father, and none in his memory were ever initiated by him. Getting tucked up under John Winchester’s arm had always been a rare and blissful experience, leading Dean to associate the smell of whiskey, leather and cigarettes with an intrinsic safety that hurt him to have. It always made him want to cling too hard, waiting to get pushed away with a gruff
“I’m perfectly fine.” Cas’s tone is clipped, with a note of warning. “You needn’t trouble yourself.”
Dean freezes. Shame, white-hot and familiar, coils up in his belly and makes his face color. “Uh,” he says. “I’m not, uh.”
That gives Dean pause, because he’s pretty sure angels just don’t have the capability. Then again, what he doesn’t know about angels could fill a library, and Cas is a whole category unto himself, anyway. Maybe he picked it up from when he was briefly human. Maybe he’s spent enough time watching Dean snore in motel rooms to learn a trick or two.
That satisfaction ebbs as soon as he takes a step back and surveys his work as a whole. It’s not — bad, exactly — but it’s clumsy, made by an inexperienced carpenter. He hopes it won’t fall over once it’s outside. It stands up alright in the garage.
Cas has died enough times now that there’s a ritual for it, a well-beaten path in Dean’s head. First comes the jolt of pain, an icy and familiar knife through the ribs; then the panic, garrote-sharp and blistering; and then the numbness sets in, spreading over him like blood through a white shirt.
“The Phantom Tollbooth?” Dean drums his fingertips against the wheel. “Yeah, Sam liked that one when he was a kid.”
This is what Dean knows: Cas is in love with him, somehow, and means it enough to have said it twice. He’s stuck around this time longer than he ever has before, grieving and gardening and letting his hair grow out with his eyes fixed on a Heaven that doesn’t want to let him in anymore. He sometimes looks at Dean like he’s salvation, still, after all the times Dean’s fucked him over — even when wrestling him to the floor, his eyes and hands were warmed with a reverence that Dean can’t stomach.
He used to be a creature that could scoop up atoms to make stars. Dean looks at him, surrounded by his fledgling garden, and wonders if
Zippy swoops her sister up into her arms and stands on two spindly legs, immediately slinging Lilah up onto her back as she takes a defensive stance. Lilah winds her arms around Zippy’s neck and nuzzles in like cuddling a fully-shifted werewolf is
Mary nods as tears leak from her eyes. “But you couldn’t trust me to tell me about something that horrible. Honey, I’m so sorry.”
“I think we should discuss formalizing our natural tendencies” Cas settles into a chair and stares at Dean as if they’re simply discussing the weather.
Dean gives him a sad smile and shakes his head before turning away to climb back into his bed. “I’m fine, Cas. Sleep.”
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean gasps as Cas slides forward, inch by inch. His thighs tremble in Cas’ hands and tension is clear in his tight smile.
Cas rolls his eyes as he tosses his phone onto his bed and pads over to his closet. “I’m just smiling.” So what if he’s smiling?
Dean can’t help but laugh. “With Bobby and Ellen, it ain’t about that. They care because they care, not because they think you can give them something.”
Dean nods and lifts his hips when Cas urges him to. “Anything you want,” Dean mutters and lets himself relax against the bed.
Dean nods, shifting his hips in invitation. “Please, Cas” He croaks, voice rough and trembling. “Please” He wants to come so badly and Cas has drawn him so close to tipping over the edge that tears begin to form in the corners of his eyes.
He may as well be a puppet to Dean’s ministrations, but he goes easily when Dean climbs in beside him and draws Cas to his broad chest.
“I’ll have the double cheeseburger, no tomato, and a side salad,” Cas says and Dean turns to glare his betrayal. “Oh, and just a Coke to drink, please.” Cas shrugs when he notices Dean’s scandalized expression. “What? I like salad.”
He spent enough time at the shooting range with his father growing up that he knows the butt of a gun when he feels one.
to get ready for bed, that you can get me all riled up without consequence?” Cas arches a demanding brow and has to bite his tongue to keep from cracking a smile at the way Dean backs away.
Cas huffs and shakes his head with a smile. Anyone else and Cas would kick them through the door without mercy.
Cas nearly cries when he learns that Michael named his son James and that everyone calls him C.J. even though the C belongs to his middle name.
Cas grumbles something into his arms and finally deflates, letting Dean carefully massage away the knots littering Cas’s shoulders.
Luckily, he finds a parking spot quickly and his class is still waiting when he finally makes it inside. Fifteen minutes late.
Sam had told him the penalty for the crime committed against him was death. But Castiel isn’t naïve enough to think any of these heathens care about him. Dean only cares because he thinks of Cas as a damaged piece of property.
Dean nods, suddenly feeling shy in addition to terrified. “Sam took off. Gonna go hang with Jody and the girls for a few days” He sits, rigid as he leans against the headboard behind him.
Dean’s soft footsteps approach and Castiel cannot bring himself to meet the man’s gaze. “Cas?” Dean asks in a tone that makes his concern obvious.
“Hey, uh, you wanna come back to my apartment and keep this party going?” He asks, nervousness coiling inside him until Sam deflates with a softening smile as he nods vigorously.
Castiel was too weak to reveal the iron band tucked in his pocket. He was too weak throw the claiming mark away and he is even weaker still for refusing to wear it once again.
Suddenly, holding back has lost its appeal. With Dean warm and sleepy in his arms, their easy domesticity with nothing else expected, this is perfect and something Cas intends to hold on to for a long as Dean will have him.
“Will you submit to me?” Castiel questions, tracing light fingertips over Dean’s bare ribcage. Dean shivers at the lighter than expected touch and mutters an affirmation of his submission. Cas brings an open palm down of the swell of his ass with a loud crack. Dean jolts but quickly steadies himself, crying out in surprise.
Dean steps across the room and into Castiel’s space, leaving barely an inch between them. Dean's fingertips skate over the edge of Cas’ robe, barely touching his bare chest beneath. “How about
He hears Virgil’s name as well as Metatron and Asmodeus. The sound of his brother’s names being lumped in with someone like Asmodeus has Cas’ blood heating and his hands clench at his sides as he watches Benny’s expression morph from amusement into outrage.
They were never allowed ice-cream inside Baby, a rule Dean still keeps to this day for obvious reasons, but Dean cherishes those memories even if so many others of his dad are ones he’d rather not think about.
Dean’s palms sweat against Baby’s steering wheel and his toe taps in the footwell. Cas gives him an unimpressed look for his fidgeting, but the forty-minute drive from Lawrence to Overland Park has never felt so long.
“Cas,” Dean says, his name drawn out like a warning and Cas steadfastly ignores him. He won’t give Dean the satisfaction.
Dean shakes his head and wipes at his eyes again, sniffing back the emotion threatening to block his nose. “Why would he? Cas, I’ve been a mess since before he left,” Dean trails off and shakes his head, the familiar pit opening low in his stomach once again as he remembers Sam’s shouted words and reddened cheeks the last time they saw each other. “He has every reason to hate me.”
The couch shifts when Dean flops back and tips his chin toward the ceiling before turning his face toward Cas. “I haven’t laughed like that in years,” he says through a sloppy grin.
“This is Castiel,” Sam introduces as he nudges the terrified looking man forward. He has Cas come to a stop at Dean’s side, only a few paces in front of Samuel. “Kneel,” Sam whispers into Castiel’s ear and Cas jumps, looking to Sam with a startled expression but the stern look in Sam’s eye has him complying wordlessly.
“Cas” Dean nearly whines, reaching for his Angel in the same breath. Cas goes to him with a light chuckle. “I wanna make you scream, Cas” Dean whispers with purpose, demanding Castiel’s compliance with his wishes. He shoves the coat from Castiel’s shoulders and Cas helps him undo the buttons of his dress shirt and loosen his tie.
Jessica nods and turns to walk away, still wiping her eyes and Cas watches after her, stunned that his little book that was more of a ranting manifesto meant anything to anyone.
I will warn on this one for most of the chapter being very akin to torture and borderline rape fantasy. It's all pretend, planned out and entirely consensual, and I think I made that clear...BUT if you're sensitive then consider yourself warned.
“Yeah, Cas. I’ve died a lot. But you didn’t meet me until after. You rebuilt me, man, that’s way deeper than them.” Dean’s stomach flutters as he remembers his time in hell, choosing to focus on the blinding ball of energy that swooped up his soul as he screamed and fought to escape, assuming this was some new torment Alastair had dreamed up.
Dean shakes his head and swallows hard when Cas rises from his crouch and laces their fingers together to tug Dean along to the next display.
Dean’s cock twitches in appreciation and he quickly shrugs out of his flannel and folds the shirt just like Cas prefers. His t-shirt goes next, folded just as nicely, and then his shucks his jeans and underwear down in one quick motion. He’d already ditched his boots and socks when Cas had first locked the door behind them, so once his clothes are gone, he tries his best to stand patiently and wait for Cas’ next direction.
For now, his friendship with Dean has become the bright spot in his life and he’s grateful for what he has. He has enough, and what he has is precious. He isn’t going to squander the time he has chasing some fantasy life that he has no hope of attaining.
“I think we’re gonna go hang out at the Roadhouse, see you at home?” Dean asks, looking to his Dad sheepishly.
Dean huffs and ignores Castiel’s protest. “Cas,” He says warningly as he holds out his hand. His tone contains a lilt that has Cas tilting his head curiously. The way the corners of Dean’s mouth twitch upward has Cas shaking his head as he tries to summon his anger and fails.
Dean’s heart immediately jumps to conclusions and his lungs refuse to admit air until he knows. “Is Cas alright?” He slides out of the bed, already hunting for some clothes to throw on despite it being almost two in the morning.
That still doesn’t change the way his fingers twitch next to his thighs as he struggles to not rub them together and crack his knuckles simply to have something to keep them occupied.
“Wine?” He asks, a little taken aback. He knows that Italy is the land of wine, some of the best in the world, but he wasn’t expecting it in a cocktail.
“I can never let them meet,” Cas mutters aloud as his eyes widen in horror at the thought. Between the two, he and Dean would never be allowed to live in peace.
Cas nods and goes as directed, seeing what Dean is asking him. He sinks to his knees in the pile of furs and begins to arrange them to his liking as an excuse to not look at Dean.
Cas hurriedly digs his phone out of his pocket and unlocks the screen with hope building in his chest.
The question is innocent enough but Cas’s stomach still twists as he’s drawn back to his brother for the fourth time today. “I don’t know.” He shakes his head. “I, uh, cut contact with everyone when I moved out here. He probably thinks I’m dead.” Cas pulls in a shaky breath and bites his lip. Disappearing has seemed like such a good idea, his only option, but looking back, he sees his foolishness.
Cas is barely the same man that he was in the beginning. His fear and anger have disappeared, replaced by the steel that Dean recognized all along, buried so deep that Cas hadn’t known it was there.
Bobby huffs and shakes his head. “Watch who you’re callin old, boy.” He reaches out to lightly punch Dean’s shoulder and Dean staggers backward with a wounded look. “Pleased to meet you, Cas. Hope this idgit don’t scare ya off,” Bobby says as he holds out a hand to Castiel and gestures toward Dean with a jerk of his chin.
With the new slaves to manage, they have their work cut out for them and there is no room for insubordination.
