! It’s not just Dean that’s in danger, it’s
‘His soul?’
Balthazar stopped at the top of the stairs and slowly turned to give Gabriel the most withering gaze he could muster. ‘Yes. That’s
While Dean had vanished to the bathroom, Castiel quickly called for room service, ordering a few choices for breakfast. He then scanned through the movies that the hotel offered until he found what he was looking for. He grinned sheepishly as Dean reentered the room. ‘I uh… Here,’ he said, playing the movie. ‘If room service gets here before I’m done, just sign for it and give them this.’ He handed Dean some cash and turned to grab a change of clothes from the bedroom.
Gabriel gasped and watched, transfixed, as Sam pulled his hand toward his mouth. He didn’t breath, afraid he would startle Sam. A soft moan escaped his lips as Sam slowly licked his finger. He had to get up and move around the table as Sam pulled him closer. His breath came in short rasps as Sam pulled him onto his lap. His voice waivered as he tried to speak. ‘S-Sam…?’
The angel shifted his gaze from Dean's eyes to the proffered hand. The human gesture had been explained to him once before. He had seen it performed. But…no one had ever offered to shake
Castiel hugged himself and looked around the restroom uncertainly. He was different. This 'tradition' probably didn't apply to him like it did his brother. He was surprised the cuff even had any effect on him at all. 'I don't really
‘Hmm… Excrement? Sludge? Fish guts?’ Castiel rattled off, his mind already running wild with the possibilities. ‘I’ve been dowsed in chum before. I think I can handle whatever it is.’
Anna nodded. ‘The whole reason I dropped off the grid,’ she replied. ‘He wanted me to join Lucifer. He didn’t like my answer.’
‘So be careful,’ Sam finished. He wrapped his arm around Gabriel and kissed the side of his head. ‘I think I’ll manage.’
A knock sounded on Castiel’s door, and a lower angel entered the room. The angel didn’t look up as he addressed Lucifer. ‘Sir… We…we’ve lost track of them,’ he said quietly. He cringed away as Lucifer slowly turned to face him.
’ he whined lowly.
I could handle. It was having to learn another language I couldn’t take. I could barely understand you.’
Dean perked up as his brother groaned. He pulled on Castiel’s tie again. ‘Then be distracting,’ he said huskily. Or, at least, he tried. It came out as more of a slur.
‘I don’t want to come off as offensive, but…do you know where you’re going?’ Castiel asked.
‘C’mon, now,’ Dean said, tipping up Castiel’s chin. ‘We could just get you some brass knuckles. Or a roll of quarters?’
,’ Sam muttered under his breath. ‘Okay, so you obviously get clothes… Have you been
‘How?’ Karen asked. Her wings sagged at the thought of Castiel and Gabriel losing their mother so young.
Gabriel laughed loudly and had to cling to Sam for support. ‘That…is the best one ever!’
‘No, it takes a lot to hurt me,’ Dean replied. He forced a smile as he met Castiel’s eyes. ‘It’s nothing.’
Castiel smirked and sipped at his wine.
Dean pulled the car into Pamela's driveway. 'Trust me, Pam. You don't wanna know the things I've done.'
Dean stood and held out his hand to Castiel. ‘We should probably head inside.’
‘My father is here,’ Castiel replied.
‘What?! Are you okay?’ Balthazar asked, getting up from the table. He made his way over to Castiel and forced him to turn around. He saw the blood-stained tear and gasped.
Balthazar set the tank down and shrugged. ‘Well, I
Sam jumped back and aimed his gun at the cloud of dust.
‘Nothing’s
‘Yes, it is! I feel like I’m constantly being watched and judged and…and… I’m just cornered! I need time to be alone and not be…here,’ Castiel replied. He shrugged as he turned around. ‘You were right. I need time to relax. I need a break.’
‘I’ll be fine. There’s no demons around, and I can make it to the store quicker than you.’
Castiel glared at the computer screen. He wanted nothing to do with Gabriel’s show.
‘Only if my brother says I can’t stay with him.’
Balthazar slowly nodded. ‘You know them, huh?’
'C'mon, Cas,' Dean coaxed. 'Karen makes the best waffles.'
Seraphiel was stretched out on his back, exposing his pale stomach to Castiel. His wings were spread out, framing him and what he had to offer. His tail curled and flicked excitedly as he held Castiel’s stare.
Sam nodded, smiling to himself. ‘
No, he had to tell Gabriel. He needed to reveal himself if he expected their relationship to go any further. He couldn’t keep making up excuses to avoid taking showers with the other man or why he would go out of his way to avoid the rain. Maybe he could ease his way into the subject first.
‘You’d probably take it better if the creature you were looking for wasn’t someone you knew,’ Sam said.
Dean stared as Sam drew up a new circle. ‘Fuck. That looks like one of the museum pieces. I’m so fucking stupid.’
‘There are…wards against
‘Well, I’m sure there’s money in stock footage,’ Benny said.
An absolute rage boiled up within Castiel, and he seethed. Lucifer lifted an amused brow at him, and that was enough to break the dam. The loneliness, the despair, the uselessness, and the hatred he had been feeling since he had first met Lucifer was let out in a dark wave of energy that quickly pulsed out from Castiel with an anguished scream.
far away. He glanced over his shoulder at Balthazar, whose back was still facing him. ‘We never hurt anyone,’ he said quietly as he silently edged to the railing and placed a leg over it. He balanced and griped the railing tightly as he brought his other leg over, keeping an eye on Balthazar. It would take Balthazar a while to find the keys, and there was no way he’d attempt to swim after Castiel. When Balthazar began speaking, he didn’t listen as he lowered himself down to drop soundlessly into the water.
Sam ran up and carefully walked around the frozen ghost. 'Wow! That's...amazing!' he said, looking from the ghost to Gabriel.
!’ Charlie said sharply. ‘Gilda has never firebombed or sabotaged anything, so quit accusing her!’
Gabriel blushed and shrugged indifferently. ‘That’s uh…part of the reason,’ he admitted. ‘And I’m really antsy and wanna burn off some energy, and other than the rainbow dolphin dick, it seemed like a good idea.’
He could sublet his apartment for while he was away, or he could even find a nice bit of property somewhere by a lake. Charlie’s girlfriend was bound to know of some decent locations.
The pair of angels quickly joined Dean and Sam at one of the booths. As Castiel slid in next to Dean, he noticed that he wasn't receiving stares anymore. He looked curiously over to Dean.
him? He thought they were friends! Did Gilda know?
Gabriel practically skipped back to his apartment after his date with Sam. It had been perfect. A nice dinner at the small Italian restaurant, followed up by the latest indy film. All he could remember about the film was that there was a guy, a girl, maybe a tree at some point… Sam was sitting next to him and their arms were touching the entire time. That, he remembered.
Castiel laughed as Dean leaned over and kissed him. ‘
‘No, you’re not,’ Gabriel scoffed.
‘I suppose,’ Castiel replied with a sigh. He let his eyes fall shut as he felt Dean’s hands trail over his sides and down his legs. He reopened his eyes and stared at the ceiling as fingers began rubbing and lightly pinching his toes. He propped himself onto his elbows and gave Dean a curious stare.
time in the Caribbean…’
Balthazar had his back to the railing as he stood next to Castiel. ‘Cas?’ He waited until the other man turned to face him with a look of apprehension and uncertainty. ‘Do you promise not to swim off?’ he asked with a slight smile.
Castiel stared at Dean in shock. He was being proposed to. He was being proposed to by a
.-.-.-.-.
Gabriel huffed, his wings puffing out. 'I can take of myself, you know! It's been me an' C—I was doing just fine on my own.'
Dean cried out and blinked rapidly. As far as he could tell, the impact didn’t break his jaw. It certainly hurt like a bitch, but at least he’d still be able to eat a nice burger later. God, he was so hungry. His face scrunched in pain as a hand grasped his jaw and forced him to look up.
‘For your information, Gabriel, Mr. Coffee answered the door,’ Balthazar explained. ‘Naked, I might add…’
male here!’ Dean snapped as he crossed his arms and pulled his fin from Castiel’s grip.
with a
Castiel smiled softly and tilted his head. He pressed his lips against Dean’s. ‘And I’ll be with you until the end and after.’
As they dug up the shallow grave, they kept throwing glances to the frozen ghost, expecting her to break free at any moment. Gabriel had shuffled to the opposite corner, wanting as little to do with the ghost's demise as possible. He cringed as the ghost's essence burned away from the world.
Shaking his head, Lucifer lovingly ran his hand through Castiel’s hair. ‘No, you won’t. I forbid you from speaking about this encounter to anyone. You will not be able to write it down nor type it out. You will not be able to send any little telepathic messages. No drawings. Nothing. No one will know of this. Am I understood?’
Dean’s heart sunk as he stared down the blade.
Crowley leaned away from Castiel. ‘I signed a nondisclosure agreement,’ he said defensively.
supposed to be the promiscuous one! He’s… Ugh. Y’know what? Maybe
to get where I am! …Was. Where I was… I was respected. I was…I was… Fuck. I was nobody.’
shrinking in size, leaving spots of human skin showing through. He fell onto his side and writhed as his fins seemed to melt away. He clenched his eyes shut and groaned when he felt the tip of his tail begin to split.
‘You are aware that’s the only reason he likes you, right? Humans
Crowley looked back up at Bobby. He blinked, flashing dark red eyes at the Hunter. He grinned at the sudden intake of air. Another blink, and his eyes looked normal once more. ‘Did you really think we wouldn’t learn to hide?’ he asked. ‘First thing you learn as a demon. Don’t get it or can’t control it? Well, that’s natural selection.’
to cook the most god-awful pot pie, but I didn’t know anything about cooking!’
! And not just one. Oh, no. There were
Dean glared at him. 'Some angel you are. You burned out that poor woman's eyes.' He really had no place to be criticizing Castiel, and he knew it. He had done far worse.
Charlie jogged to the edge of the dock and smiled at the two men. ‘Did you ask Alfie if you could take that?’ she asked.
‘A new spell… You mean for Castiel’s demon side?’
Gabriel leered up at Sam. ‘That’s a good idea. How’s about you join me? I scrub your back, you scrub mine? Maybe a few other things…?’
He looked back to see Sam’s worried expression. ‘I gotta burn off some of this shit before I actually
‘He still tries to maintain contact with Gabriel,’ Crowley said in irritation. ‘Even Lucifer is trying to recruit him. And now that Castiel’s existence is known…’ He trailed off, shaking his head.
Gabriel’s eyes widened at the possibilities. ‘Oh.’ He quickly shook his head, pulling his thoughts from the gutter. Sam wasn’t a shiny, new sex toy. He wasn’t anything right now. Right now, he was complicated.
‘Anna and Balthazar don’t know,’ Castiel said as he folded his jacket. He looked over as Dean slowly reached for it. With a sigh, he handed it over and tried not smile as Dean quickly pulled it on.
‘Yes. Glitter. Of course. Sorry. My mind was wandering,’ Castiel replied. He smiled reassuringly at Dean’s worried expression. ‘Nothing bad. Just my ruined image.’
‘That explains why he climbs over me in the middle of the night,’ Dean said. ‘Has to be on the right side of the bed.’
‘What are we talking about?’ Dean asked uncertainly.
Sam shook his head dismissively. ‘I thought it’d be the best way. Seemed to match your big personality.’
‘We are live with Jo Harvell and her Lower Angel, Ash, at the famous Roadhouse,’ spoke the woman holding the microphone on the TV.
‘This is more than itching!’ he groaned. He soon found that a little of the odd pain faded when he pressed his fins flat against his tail. He breathed out slowly as he looked at his tail. He could feel his bones fusing together and tail growing shorter, and his scales
Crowley raised a brow and looked around the table. ‘It’s the supply closet closest next to my office.’
Gabriel took a calming breath and reached out to his brother. ‘Basement. Panic room.’
A soft knock interrupted him, and he slouched forward, hanging his head. ‘Come in,’ he called, not meaning it. He gasped as he was pulled from his chair and wrapped in a tight hug. Gold hair filled his vision, and the scent of hair gel and chocolate filled his nose. ‘G-Gabriel?!’
‘I’ll be back later,’ he said quietly. ‘Don’t do anything stupid!’ He flinched as a few drops of water hit his back. He turned around and glared sharply at his brother, who was floating just next to the pier.
Gabriel growled in annoyance as Sam took his time. He was about to cup his hands together and tell Sam to just pour the peroxide in when he looked up to see the light blush on Sam’s cheeks and the determined stare. He blinked rapidly as he finally registered just how gentle Sam was being. He glanced at Charlie and nodded his head to the door.
.-.-.-.-.
'Huh?'
Lucifer laughed softly and approached Castiel. He rested his hand on Castiel’s right shoulder. ‘Yes. Just like that.’
‘Just a little longer,’ Castiel mumbled. ‘Can you… Never mind, I’ll… No… This isn’t working!’ He let go of Dean’s tail in frustration and sat on the edge of the tub. ‘This would be a lot easier at home.’
Gabriel whined as Sam gave him a gentle push down the hallway. ‘This is gonna sound pathetic, but… I really like you. You’re hot, smart,
'No. Look, just help me make dinner.'
‘If…if this had happened a week ago…I would have said “let’s pack up and go”,’ he quietly replied.
Meg giggled from her spot on the stairs. ‘I told him he should show an interest in what you like. Ask questions,’ she added.
Dean leaned forward so that his lips brushed against Jimmy’s ear. ‘Prague, Rome, Venice, Vienna, Dublin, Chicago, Berlin, Pisa… Need I go on?’ He grinned as Jimmy shivered.
! He caught what Dean was hoping to catch.
.-.-.-.-.
Jimmy’s eyes darted around, looking for a way out.
Castiel whipped his tie off as he narrowly missed another punch to the stomach. He breathed heavily as he backed away from Anna and tossed his tie to the ground. Anna gave him an impressed smirk, and he shied away.
‘Against my better judgment, I vouched for Crowley,’ Dean said as he looked at the door. ‘Why did you…?’
‘He’s still mad at me,’ Castiel said, barely above a whisper. ‘I shouldn’t have come. I can leave in the morning.’
‘Yeah, but what about Dean?’ Gabriel let out a frustrated growl. He frowned as Sam made soft clicks beside him. ‘That is so weird.’
‘What? The bright colors? That’s straight up nature,’ Charlie replied. ‘Better for attracting a mate, and it helps with keeping track of the rest of the colony.’
Dean shrugged as he softly rubbed Castiel’s ankle. ‘Never got that far, I guess,’ he said. Well, he had gotten pretty far, but his kind went in a different order. Kissing was for mates. ‘But…I’d like to try it out. With you.’
Lucifer sighed as he shook his head. ‘That’s how it starts. That’s how they got Michael. Lured him in with their youngest. She was young, sweet, beautiful… A soul that shone with such light and love…’ He trailed off, looking away. ‘I warned him, but he insisted that he had to protect such a beautiful soul.’
‘C-Cas?’ Dean’s voice wavered as he spoke. He searched Castiel’s eyes, feeling a small bit of relief as they began to dim.
Bits of dialogue are taken from episodes and used throughout this. This mostly follows the show with the exception of Dean being an angel.
Anna sat and began eating.
Crowley sighed. ‘I already have Anna and Meg fixing all the wards he’s taken down,’ he said, shaking his head. ‘It’s random, too. I think Lucifer’s testing the extent of his power over him. If he really wanted Castiel
‘And they never
we ever did? I stand to lose just as much as you do,’ Crowley said angrily.
, and yet he does not display the same violent tendencies.’
Gabriel awoke, wrapped in the warm comfort of strong arms. He hummed happily as Sam kissed the top of his head.
‘Oh. Very well. We’ll find him something presentable. Something blue?’ Lucifer said as he tapped his pen against his chin. ‘Yes. Blue. Get him dried out and fitted. If he can sit still long enough, he can have a whole photoshoot. Whatever makes him happy.’
to end up being dissected or as someone’s
‘It’s fine,’ Balthazar replied before taking a swig of his drink. ‘You just lost any creative input is all.’
'Knock it off,' Gabriel growled.
of them. She took a calming breath and stared at the unfortunate potato.
Dean finally looked at Castiel. 'So, not accepted back into the fold?'
‘What if we threw money at you?’ Dean asked as he struggled with his socks. He was getting better at dressing and undressing standing up, but his balance was still iffy.
Dean twisted the cufflink between his fingers. ‘Don’t like their own being messed with, huh?’ Dean commented. He could just imagine what sort of punishment he would receive for calling out Jimmy. ‘Do you…do you think I’m a target?’
It was getting away.
‘Castiel…what do you need it for?’ Crowley asked.
Castiel sighed as he stared down at Gabriel. He looked up when a gasp came from the open doorway and blinked at the gun pointed at his head.
Sam smiled as he removed his arms from the table. ‘Better?’
Dean breathed in slowly, thinking. ‘Yes.’
Sam pulled Dean to the floor just as the ghost flew overhead. 'Have you figured it out yet?' Sam asked.
He returned to the stern and bounced his palms on the railing. ‘Okay… Okay… I can do this. It’s just like diving, but you hold your breath. And you gotta kick. Remember, kick towards the light. Shoes. Lose the shoes,’ he mumbled as he kicked his shoes off. ‘You naturally float. It’ll be okay.’ He whined pathetically as he had a few false starts.
Gabriel quickly straightened. So that was the problem. He gave Castiel a quick once over. No wings showing, no stray feathers. Good. He relaxed. There was still some time to prepare Castiel for Karen's reaction. He hoped his brother wouldn't end up sulking in dark corners for weeks on end like last time.
—human-looking mermaids—were impossible. Castiel had all but made a slideshow, convincing Gabriel about the fact four years ago. When Charlie had read the sixteen-page letter (complete with three diagrams and five photographs), she had laughed her head off, admitting that
Castiel looked down at the floor, blushing. ‘
‘I have a few, but I’m charging you full price.’
control it.’ He gasped and flinched away as Lucifer gently stroked his hair.
‘Even though I could make it back to land, it would be an inconvenient trip,’ Castiel replied. He grimaced at Balthazar’s sour expression. ‘No. I mean, yes. I’ll stay.’
A couple years passed and Sam and Dean slowly found themselves being pulled into another family. Bobby Singer was a good Hunter. Knew what he was doing. And he had a High Angel. Karen was the sweetest woman Sam and Dean had ever met. Her wings were the purest of white. And she made the best pies. Every time Sam and Dean felt that they were about to outstay their welcome, she would come out of the kitchen, a steaming pie in each hand. It wasn't until much later that they realized she was trying to keep them there. Letting them know they were a part of the family and would never be unwelcome.
Dean awoke to a warm weight being pressed along his side. He was reminded of his childhood. When he and Sam were much younger, Sam would often crawl into bed with him in the middle of the night. Dean looked over, half expecting to see Sam curled up next to him. Instead, he saw a shock of dark brown hair poking out from under a black wing.
noise,’ he said. He shrugged as he grabbed Sam’s hand. ‘C’mon, Sam! I’ve got some free time. We should go for a walk! Maybe find a secluded thicket or something.’
‘Oh… What about different angles? Wouldn’t that be uh…helpful?’
make me do,’ he said, gaining a little confidence with his knowledge.
‘How—wait. Them?
think?! Just—put Jody on the phone!’ Castiel spared a glance at Sam before turning away dismissively.
‘No, there isn’t.’ Castiel frowned as Dean winced. ‘You’re hurting yourself.’
‘Just show him a porno,’ Benny said as he moved about the boat. He opened a storage compartment and pulled out the bag where he kept an extra set of clothes for Dean. ‘You’re in jeans today,’ he said, tossing the bag to Dean. ‘If you’re gonna keep this up, you need to bring some clothes back. I can’t drop you off naked.’
Castiel pulled his knees to his chest and hugged them tight. ‘Do Bobby and Karen hate me?’
‘Uh-huh… Sounds like a winner,’ Crowley replied.
Dean pulled at his wrists again and let out a strangled cry as one of his nipples was relentlessly attacked. ‘Oh, fuck!! Yes, God! Cas, please!’ He squirmed and bucked, but Castiel held him in place. ‘Please, Castiel, please. I wanna touch you. Lemme touch you!’ he begged.
He walked up to Dean and held up the DVD case. ‘Dean, what is an Evil Dead?’
why you flaked out on New Year’s?’ Gabriel asked, narrowing his eyes. He looked from Castiel to the gaudy jacket he held. He licked his lips and smiled as an idea struck him. ‘This is great! Can you do an episode in drag? Can you put
specialize in?’ Sam asked.
‘We haven’t even finished the initial ritual because I fucked it up! And it does
‘That Dean in there?’ Gabriel asked, poking his head into the room. ‘You’re lucky! I talked Cas outta inviting you to his little
‘Innocent.’
going?’ Gabriel asked. He glanced up and caught Sam’s worried gaze.
‘What?’
Lucifer narrowed his eyes at Castiel. The younger angel’s eyes glowed brightly, and he exuded a great amount of power, but Lucifer didn’t move. ‘That depends, Castiel. You may be a halfbreed, but you display more angelic qualities than demonic. For now, the plan is to let you live. When all is said and done, you will be allowed to return to your brother.’
.-.-.-.-.
Dean snorted and rolled his eyes. 'We're staying at a motel.'
‘You’re not coming back?’ Anna asked as she headed back to the table and sat down.
Castiel reached up with his left hand and gasped when Lucifer grabbed his wrist tightly. ‘L-let go!’
Gabriel gasped, and he slowly looked over his shoulder.  He blushed brightly and pushed his pant leg back down. ‘N-nothing!’ He hopped off the bed and stumbled as he turned to face Sam. ‘My stuff. You took my stuff!’ he shouted accusingly, pointing at Sam.
‘You want some advice?’ Benny asked, and Dean nodded. ‘Drop it.’
‘Faster,’ Gabriel urged. ‘I’m going through a ward, and I can’t keep this up forever!’
He pushed himself up and groaned as pain shot through his ribs.
!’ Sam hissed, pointing back at the hotel.
Castiel nodded. Later was safe. Later could be years. He looked at his phone. All of the old texts had been deleted. It was just as well. He was about to put it away when the screen flashed with a new message.
‘Wait, so who the hell did he blow to get the license?’ Charlie asked.
When Gabriel refused to answer, Sam spoke up. ‘Castiel can smite monsters with no problem.’
Castiel could feel his cheeks burning. ‘Yes, you were very helpful.’
Castiel pulled his wings in tight at the sudden attention. ‘I…I don’t know,’ he replied helplessly. He felt a pang of hurt come from Dean. He ducked his head and pulled at his sleeve. ‘I’m sorry…’
‘Then where were you off to in such a hurry?’ Gabriel asked, poking the door with his gun.
‘Vas te faire enculer!’
I don’t speak French. If it’s wrong, blame Google Translate.
‘Depends on the culture,’ Castiel replied breathlessly.
Castiel took Dean’s hand in his and scooted out from his hiding place. He brought one of his wings forward and guided Dean’s hand through the feathers. ‘You just…make them look nice,’ he said softly and quickly let go of Dean’s hand. He turned so his back was to Dean and spread his wings slightly. ‘I’m sure you’ll do a good a good job.’ He tried to control his breathing as he waited.
Dean looked over at Charlie. ‘
‘Yesss…,’ Castiel moaned.
After a minute had passed, Castiel pulled away, tapping at Dean’s shoulder. He gasped for air when Dean brought them back to the surface, and he blinked away the lightheaded feeling he had. He glanced to the side and saw Charlie lightly skimming her hands along the water’s surface, blushing and avoiding looking in their direction.
Gabriel paused with one leg in his pants. ‘He’s…well…not evil-evil, but don’t trust him, okay? Cas gets weird around him. Like…like they’re plotting something,’ he tried to explain. ‘I’ve met Jody a couple times, and
!’ Gabriel wailed miserably.
Sam leaned back in his chair and stared at Gabriel. He watched as Gabriel fidgeted under his gaze, straightening his placemat and utensils.  His mind supplied an image of Gabriel constantly replacing drinks onto coasters and shaking a finger at him. Until Sam grabbed his hand and wrapped his mouth around the accusing finger.
likes what I have in mind. You, especially. I’m sure.’
,’ Gabriel replied. ‘Besides, you guys are doing interviews. You don’t need me, and you don’t need the boat. We’ve got plenty of time for exterior shots and whatnot.’
‘See you then. Kisses.’
Castiel pressed against the wall as his body moved into the kitchen against his will. ‘Please leave,’ he begged.
Gabriel ran his hand though his hair looking around the room in discomfort. ‘I have to talk to Bal…’
Dean entered the room, soon followed by Sam. ‘So, uh… I’m stuck,’ he said. ‘I know what I’m
Lucifer smiled widely and nodded. ‘Very true. But…I will need you leave your Hunter. I have a car waiting just outside the front gate.’
Crowley grinned. ‘Gabriel’s mother didn’t agree with how the boy’s real father wanted to raise him, so she took her kid and came to work for me,’ he said. A more sincere smile formed as he recalled how he would receive reports with feathers stapled to them. ‘She was a horrible secretary.’
Gabriel stumbled and tried to catch the vase, failing miserably as he hit the ground and the vase shattered.
Dean nodded and leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. ‘But… But Crowley said that the mermaid he met was rude,’ he said quietly. ‘He didn’t say anything about them being dead. So…they could still be alive. And if that’s the case, then… Then what?’
‘Only when you drink enough,’ Jody admitted. ‘It’s cute.
'Advice?' Dean asked.
? Well, he wouldn’t mind having that human he had met earlier, but he didn’t think humans could give each other away.
‘Yeah. It’s pretty cool,’ Dean said before turning his attention back to Castiel’s foot. Sure, he had had himself to explore, but it just wasn’t the same as having someone else to compare to.
Castiel nodded. ‘So…you won’t be jealous?’
'We need to talk, Dean,' said Castiel. 'Alone.'
‘What? No! I mean, thanks, but… I’m good,’ Gabriel replied, quickly shaking his head. ‘I’m sure these nice people don’t run around, trying to stab each other.’
'Dean! I'm sorry!' The words were out before Sam could stop them.
Demons, on the other hand, had no wings. They were able to sift through the air as a thick, black cloud of smoke, and their eyes were fully colored. White, black, red, or gold.
‘Song?’ Sam repeated helplessly.
to his short ass!' Dean scoffed. 'I mean, look at you two! You're like a circus act.'
Sam poked Charlie’s arm and grinned. ‘
‘Please, Dean.’
Karen sighed as she shook her head. ‘We wouldn’t make him leave, and you know that.’ She rolled some breadcrumbs between her fingers, thinking. ‘If you don’t mind my asking…how did it not work? You said you were feeling each other’s thoughts, but…that couldn’t be what was wrong.’
‘I…I love you,’ Sam quietly admitted as he leaned back.
‘Castiel…’ Dean hummed in appreciation. ‘That’s pretty.’
Castiel cringed and slowly stood. ‘What had to be done,’ Castiel replied. ‘He won’t listen otherwise.’
Bobby was right. Five months had passed, and Dean had seen neither hide nor hair of the mysterious Jimmy. And he had definitely been looking. He had set up surveillance equipment around whichever building he happened to be holed up in. He constantly checked the local CCTV footage for any trace of the man. Nothing.
There was a collective groan around the table.
about him. Karen?’
He reloaded his gun and clenched his eyes shut. Bullets flew over his head, and he took a few quick breaths. He breathed out slowly, rested his weight on his unharmed leg, and pushed himself over the table during a lull in the gunfire. He took aim and frowned at the sight before him.
Gabriel jumped off Sam's lap and stomped up to Dean. His wings were fully extended, framing him. It would have been a more intimidating sight had he not been so short. 'You stay the hell away from my brother!' he yelled, jabbing Dean in the chest. He winced as a sharp pang traveled up his arm.
Everything else forgotten, Dean dropped the gun and ran to Castiel’s side. ‘Cas!’
‘Dean is in pain,’ Castiel explained.
Anna snorted, pulling everyone’s attention to herself. ‘He can barely perform simple tasks. I’m surprised he can even summon clean clothes!’
He turned Gabriel back over and began removing his shoes. As he removed the first shoe, a small blade shot out from the toe, startling him. He turned the shoe over in his hand, giving it a disbelieving stare. He wondered if the other one had a phone in it. He tossed it aside and carefully removed the second before pulling Gabriel’s pants off.
‘Hey, it’s okay. We’ll be there tomorrow,’ Sam said soothingly. ‘Just hang tight, okay?’
‘Well, Castiel, that was…impressive,’ Crowley said, patting dirt off his suit.
'Why would I be mad?' He wasn't mad, per se, just... Well, maybe annoyed. Irritated. If he was mad, he was mad at himself. Wrong place, wrong time. His lead on the Trickster had led him nowhere, and here was Sam, lounging about their motel room with an Archangel.
‘If you say “different,” I’ll give you a black eye,’ Castiel promised. He pulled away from Dean and crossed his arms. ‘I don’t care how much the cuff will punish me. I’ll do it.’
Castiel shook his head as he walked down the hallway. ‘One thing at a time,’ he replied.
Castiel stared in dismay at the jagged plastic coated in his blood. He blinked as his brows furrowed. He recognized it as being part of the battery cover to some sort of electronic device. He took it, fully intending on letting Gabriel believe they had broken something irreplaceable. ‘Shit.’
He reached the hotel and took a few deep breaths before opening the front door. He quickly ducked down the hallway, thankful that the lobby was vacant. He just needed to get to the safety of his room and sort out his thoughts. Figure out what he should do. He paused outside of Sam’s room, but hurried on his way, shaking his head. He rounded the corner and bumped into someone as they were coming down the stairs.
Bobby sighed as he took of his ball cap and scratched his head. ‘All of us, I guess. Cas say’s he can keep his wings white for about an hour if he doesn’t have to do anythin’ else,’ he replied. ‘Keep answers short and questions to a minimum. Let them see that the cuff can be made from more than silver. And that it can be ring,’ he said as he lifted Karen’s hand and kissed her knuckles, just above her binding ring.
Dean let out a quiet laugh. ‘Yeah… I didn’t find out until the other day. It just…hit me. Looking at his wings…I just… It was like looking at some…dark angel or something, and it just clicked. So, I was able to fix the cuff.’
Balthazar shook his finger at Dean. ‘You’re
‘Won’t say a word,’ Balthazar said quietly as he walked past Gabriel. He brushed against Castiel and couldn’t help taking a deep breath, catching a whiff of the lingering scent of Castiel’s soap. Four years, and he still used the same soap.
,’ he said. ‘Which reminds me… I brought your dress. And a selection of a few others.’
‘Check out the security, anything not listed on the blueprints… Yeah, Sammy, I know how to scope out a place,’ Dean replied in annoyance. ‘You don’t need to remind me every single fucking time.’
‘Most people actually say it,’ Balthazar replied cheekily.
He hadn’t moved since he’d been left alone, too afraid of using any more energy than was required to keep his body from dying. Footsteps echoed through the basement, and Dean wondered if Sam was coming back to yell at him. He certainly deserved it.
Sam and Dean looked at each other.
In the morning, they were on their way to Spain. They would be meeting up with one of their own. Dean flipped through the images and information on his phone. He grinned as he recognized the other agent.
The next stop was the liquor store. As Dean parked his Impala, he turned to face Castiel with an uncertain look. ‘Uh… Are you old enough to drink? Sorry, I never really thought to ask before.’
‘Not an oyster,’ Sam said in amusement. ‘I never dwelled on how it works… I’d say ask your brother.’ He leaned over the edge of the tub and touched Gabriel’s cheek. ‘Everything’s gonna be okay,’ he promised.
‘Pretty big scratch,’ Balthazar pointed out.
Dean nodded.
‘I didn’t get him fired,’ Gabriel said. ‘He’s taking time off to be here. He’s gonna quit on his own. I know him, and he just needs a push in the right direction.
was taking a shower!
And then she kissed him. It was nice, but Dean couldn't block out the emptiness she radiated. He gave her a stuttered apology and headed back to the others.
‘Stuff,’ Dean happily replied. ‘Trust me. It works wonders. I’d have a lot more scars than this,’ he said, motioning to his legs.
He shot up and slammed his hands on the table. ‘That fucking bitch!
Balthazar snorted. ‘I didn’t know I was playing against a pair of hustlers,’ he said. ‘Well, Crowley I’d expect it from, but you? And
‘Yes! Oh, my, God! You’re worse than Balthazar!’ Gabriel shouted. ‘At least
Anna raised her brows in surprise. ‘Really?’
Castiel was loving the time he spent with Dean. There was just one problem. He wanted to share his favorite movies with Dean. They had been having their dates for a little over a week, and they had yet to even look at the horror genre.
. I don’t wanna see you pull ‘em out again. That’s weird.’
‘You sure? You don’t mind?’ Castiel asked, his mind calming at the prospect of friendly numbers. Numbers didn’t involve confusing marriage rituals.
I do? When I first learned of Castiel’s existence, I was appalled. I thought of him as an abomination. Something that needed to be killed.’ He raised his hand to silence Bobby. ‘But, the more Balthazar told me about him… He has shown so much compassion and understanding when those around him fear him and hate him. By all rights, Castiel should be a monster, but he’s not. He was raised by a
Dean had only been vaguely aware of his surroundings, but everything came crashing back with a loud crack. ‘You’re an
‘Jimmy.’ Ms. Skrims’ eyes took in Jimmy and drifted over to Dean. ‘I can’t help but notice that neither of you are wearing wedding rings.’
‘We’ll have to do it again,’ Castiel moaned as he adjusted his scuba tank.
Dean frowned. A proper smiting without breaking a sweat? Smiting even the lowest ghost could take out an angel for at least a few days. If Castiel was capable of that, then why did he let Dean bind him?
‘So it’s not just revenge for the humans taking your brother,’ Castiel said, slowly spreading his wings. ‘I can’t believe I felt sorry for you. So what do you intend to do with
‘Ma’am, does this have anything to do with what’s going on with binding cuffs?’ the reporter asked.
Dean nodded and was about to ask what ‘room service’ was when music began playing. He looked at the television and was completely distracted from the world around him. The title showed on the screen, and he immediately regretted not learning to read.
me!’ Castiel cried out, gesturing at Dean and his long tail. ‘How could you do this to me?! I thought we were
‘How is getting him fired “for the best”?’ Samandriel asked as he sat down.
‘Cas? You okay? What’s wrong?’ Sam reached out to Castiel as he moved toward the angel.
'Motel?'
had Fallen. To remember everything. To feel his Grace slowly corrupt. To be reminded every time he caught sight of his wings out of the corner of his eye.
Dean’s smile widened as he stared at Castiel. ‘For a moment, I thought you’d completely forgotten about me!’
Sam shook his head. ‘I’m gonna have nightmares for the rest of my life.’
And that’s what Castiel kept going back to. ‘I don’t have to be,’ Dean said quietly.
Gabriel’s eyes darted away and he sucked on his lower lip. ‘I-I… Sorry,’ he mumbled dejectedly.
‘There’s nothing to talk about. I know what this is about. Gabriel gave me warning.’
Sam glowered up at Dean. ‘Did you get it?’ he asked.
‘Let him groom your wings,’ she whispered into his ear. ‘That’s your fantasy, right? Do it. He’ll
‘Actually, I think they’re creatures of habit,’ he said. ‘They tend to stick to the same places.’ It was true of his species. Mermaids weren’t exactly open to change, and preferred to stay put.
Dean frowned as Castiel tensed in his arms. ‘And that would be bad because…?’
asked,’ Dean pointed out.
‘I was thinking of a scene of you in a really tight Speedo… Maybe holding a harpoon,’ Crowley said, tapping his chin in thought.
Sam grimaced and subconsciously rubbed one leg with the other.
‘Right… Wait. Filming? You’re not with that show that’s lookin’ for the sea monster, are you?’
‘Sea what?’
Castiel refused to look at Dean. He could feel the fear and apprehension wafting from the human. He fidgeted with the cuff on his wrist.
Gabriel glanced up at Castiel. His bother…ever the scientist. He wondered if there was checklist involved. ‘Controlled setting, huh?’
‘Oh, my costume!’ Castiel happily replied.
time!’ Balthazar shot back with a good-natured grin.
Castiel crossed his arms and glared at Charlie. ‘I’m not speaking to that…that assbutt… But I might be willing to speak with you.’
Gabriel was fanning himself with Samandriel’s notebook as he sat on a bench, looking out at the lagoon. It had started drizzling again, and Charlie had to leave due to her ‘condition.’ He knew it was bullshit. She didn’t have a skin condition. She just didn’t want her hair to frizz. The last time he had called her out on it, he had ended up with large bruise on his arm and glue in his hair product. He whined when Samandriel reclaimed the notebook.
Sam quickly stood and pulled Gabriel into a hug. ‘It’s okay,’ he said. ‘I was just curious. I’d never replace you.’
Castiel took the photo again. If it
‘I killed Sam! How can you still love me?!’
'Huh. Never heard of 'im,' Bobby replied, not bothering to look up.
Castiel nodded and rubbed at his neck in embarrassment. ‘You were right. I snapped.’
‘Here…’ Sam took Gabriel’s hand in his own and wiped it off with a wash cloth. ‘It’s something that can help heal small cuts and uh…make pearls.’
,’ Charlie said wistfully.
‘Any idea why?’
‘Mmm… More whiskey…’
one, was a whole other story.
‘Cassie!’
‘Who said I had to stay here?’ Dean asked. ‘Got nothin’ tyin’ me down. Sam’s here, but I can always visit. Benny said I’d be good at a whole lot of things, so job’s not a problem.’
!’ Castiel wailed as he hugged himself. ‘Everything is going
Castiel looked back at Balthazar, searching his eyes for an answer. ‘Why does it matter to you?’
'What? Figured what out?' Dean asked as Sam helped him up.
Castiel quickly stepped into the hall, forcing Dean to step back. He shut the door behind him. ‘I-it’s a mess in there. You shouldn’t have to be subjected to that kind of trauma.’
‘I’m sorry!’ he sobbed. He sank to the floor, shaking.
Castiel hugged himself and stared at the ground in frustration. Of course he wasn’t okay. He was being picked on by the people that came closest to being his friends, and Lucifer had practically enslaved him. He could deal with Meg and Balthazar—he was used to them. But Lucifer…that was a whole other matter. ‘No!’ he snapped.
Crowley sighed as he shook his head. Maybe he
‘There is a five minute window every hour when the wards against you, specifically, are lowered,’ Crowley explained. ‘Really. I would have thought you’d have figured that out by now. Castiel knows the rotation. How did you think the two of you managed to get by without being detected?’
Dean had originally started kissing Jimmy because he could hear someone approaching, but, now, with Jimmy’s hand in his hair and Jimmy’s tongue lightly stroking his lips… He ground his hips against Jimmy’s and nipped at the other spy’s tongue. ‘What’s your name?’ he asked as he placed kisses along Jimmy’s jaw.
Castiel took a deep breath. ‘In a way.’
‘Someone should keep an eye on Dean. In my experience, he’s impatient,’ Castiel said, earning an agreeing grunt from Bobby. ‘He may not be able to fly or use his power, but…I still would not trust him being left alone.’
Anna seemed unaffected as she shook her head in dismay. ‘Castiel…’
Sam let out laugh. ‘They train you on how to act?’
When the angel finally left—which only left him with more questions—he made his plans to get back into the game. If he was back, and apparently not on God's immediate shit list, he should check on Sam.
The two men groaned and ducked their heads in embarrassment. Their first few run-ins with Jody had been interesting, to say the least. It was how Crowley found out he had a bondage kink and a thing for being thrown against police cars and frisked.
Castiel gasped at the contact and looked up at Dean's face. There was such a strong sense of possessiveness and a need to protect coming from Dean. Right then, he felt like he could deal with anything.
‘Item?’
‘I—’ Castiel’s voice cut out and he couldn’t form the words he wanted to say. It couldn’t have been real. There was no way. ‘I…I had a bad dream. I’m sorry,’ he said with a slight smile, looking away. ‘I shouldn’t have woken you for something so trivial.’
‘Then whoever’s
'With each pass, Gabriel's been getting little...“pings” from the ghost,' Sam explained.
‘But there
‘This is getting stupid,’ Dean muttered as they finally reached the fifth floor. They were so close, but still so far away. At the rate they were going, it would be at least another hour until they reached Castiel. He looked around, and as Sam and Gabriel were distracted with a demon, he snuck off down one of the side passages.
‘They’ll be tryin’ to get him to join as well,’ Bobby said.
be fine once you stop manipulating
Castiel groaned and looked over his shoulder at Dean. ‘It wasn’t my idea,’ he insisted as he opened the door and stepped inside. ‘I needed somewhere else to stay, and this is…what I was set up with.’
‘Do you really think your cabana boy’s brother is serious? Besides, I’m only going to apologize. The rest is up to Castiel,’ Balthazar said, giving Gabriel a winning smile.
Dean swam in tight circles around Benny’s boat. He had already gotten himself caught in the net twice, much to Benny’s annoyance. But he couldn’t help it. He just couldn’t think straight. Castiel was getting closer to Balthazar.
‘Oh, my God… You’re… What else aren’t you telling me?’
Crowley downed the rest of his drink. ‘So! Tell me about this new beau of yours.’
I have to do it,' he said.
‘Male. Dirty blond. Yellow tail with dark green fins. In his twenties, I believe,’ Crowley replied.
‘Well, I’ve seen the purple one a few times around the island,’ Sam said. ‘The yellow one…I’ve only seen here.’
‘But it’s…ugh.’ Gabriel made a face and turned to look out over the lagoon. Across the way, he could make out the bungalows of the higher end resorts. He stared longingly as the crew slowly sifted past him. He jumped when a hand landed on his shoulder and looked up to see Balthazar’s grinning face.
Dean looked away, grimacing. ‘He’s rubbed it raw, and he hasn’t even noticed,’ he muttered.
‘So he’s outta commission until then?’ Bobby asked. He huffed at Castiel's short nod. ‘Shit… We got a call from Ellen while you were down there. Looks like it’s just you ‘n’ me, Sam.’ He glanced at Castiel, measuring him up. ‘Unless you wanna lend a hand?’
Castiel looked up from his happy waffle. 'In what capacity?'
‘I’m fine,’ Castiel insisted, not letting on that he was enjoying Balthazar’s concern. ‘Wouldn’t be the first scratch I’ve gotten.’
‘Dean?!’
,’ Castiel said as he entered the room. ‘If I’m stuck here, then we’re calling it a serpent.  I would actually prefer “unclassified species,” but I believe that conversation went nowhere last time.’
‘Please let go.’
But, no. He had promised Mary. He had promised his
'I feel something in that direction,' Castiel said as he pointed.
Dean looked up. ‘I…I wouldn’t mind
Dean smiled at Castiel and leaned back. ‘All right. Then you’re…good, but untrained.’
Sam stared back at Gabriel as his mind switched tracks. ‘Uh… N'est-ce pas un peu tôt pour ça?’
something I’ll regret.’
knew somethin’ was up. Those doppelgangers were
Castiel stared then looked around the room. 'Where?'
fault you can’t follow directions.’
‘I don’t see how that’s my problem,’ Crowley said, adjusting his cuffs.
Gabriel tentatively reached out. He held his breath as his fingers brushed against the scales of Sam’s tail. He ran them down and along where the scales gave way to the skin of the tailfin.
‘Cas…are you okay?’ Dean asked.
‘What happened?’ Sam asked, turning down the hall toward to the dimly lit lobby.
Meg stood and approached Castiel. She reached up and ruffled his hair. ‘C’mon, don’t be like that.’ She leaned in despite the glare she received from Dean. ‘Why don’t you just jump him?’ she asked quietly.
Voulez-vous [...]?: Would you sleep with me tonight?
‘Why’d she leave?’ Bobby asked after a moment of silence. ‘Crowley said she didn’t approve of how you were raising Gabriel.’
‘I’d ask Cas, but he’s kinda mad at me,’ Gabriel replied. He hopped over to the desk and propped his foot up. He gestured along the length of his leg with a proud smile. ‘Trust me, Sammy, lots of perks with dating me. Flexibility’s only the tip of the iceberg!’
‘Not yet… He’s been drinkin’ demon blood, and it’s getting worse. I think… I think he’s addicted,’ Dean said quietly.
‘I know,’ Crowley replied, directing his attention back to the fight.
Balthazar spluttered. ‘W-what?! No! He’s
‘So everyone is going to see the real you,’ Crowley said in a bored tone. ‘A pugnacious, horny bastard.’
Crowley glared at the trio before turning to face Anna and Michael. ‘I guess that leaves us three together. This should prove interesting.’
I was replaced.’
‘And has apparently already seen this movie,’ Dean added.
Some dialogue lifted from S4E3. And some skimming highlights of the Witnesses.
‘Because Dean Winchester can be very convincing,’ Michael replied.
Dean shook his head. ‘No, I can’t! We have a Hunt to go on in the morning!’
‘How old were you?’ Bobby asked.
Sam shook his head. ‘I don’t think he’d do that. He hates humans. He wouldn’t give us something even more powerful to bind angels with.’
Sam sighed and let himself get pulled along.
Dean stared at him a good while before choosing to ignore him in favor of Bobby. Once he was certain of Bobby's wellbeing, he turned his attention on Castiel.
Crowley flushed bright red as he spluttered indignantly. ‘I am very well-spoken, and a simple drink will not—’
‘Or did you just wanna distract me long enough so we’d miss dinner,’ Sam said with a sly grin.
Gabriel’s smile fell, and he looked up at Sam. ‘He’s joking, right?’
‘Dean and I have…spoken on the matter and have reached an agreement.’
‘I’ve been mad at you for years. Guess it’s about time I’m finally happy for you.’
'Do you know where the Trickster is?' Sam asked. 'Where is it?'
Castiel smiled down at Dean. ‘I don’t mind,’ he said softly then rested his head on Dean’s chest. ‘But this is good, too.’ He closed his eyes and listened to Dean’s heartbeat. He smiled to himself as Dean’s arms wrapped around him. Briefly, he wondered how Dean felt about long distance relationships. As he watched the movie from his position cuddled against Dean, he played out a fantasy in his head where he would get to go on research expeditions then come home to Dean and Muffin. He drifted off to sleep, feeling more satisfied than he had for quite some time.
Castiel coughed as he looked away, blushing brightly. ‘I uh… I used to be a drag queen?’
‘Hey. I have a sensitive nose,’ Dean said defensively. ‘You smell good. As yourself. I can still make it out, but, right now, you smell too…sweet.’ He didn’t mention that he was confident that he could outswim a shark.
Dean’s stomach dropped as Balthazar pulled Castiel closer for a deep kiss. ‘I-I guess your uh…date…went well?’
.-.-.-.-.
‘Whatever this goes to,’ Gabriel replied, holding a broken piece of plastic in front of Castiel’s face.
to say
Behind Anna, Karen gasped at the sight of a heavier set lower angel bleeding out on the floor. His dark skin had been burned away in spots, the pale yellow feathers of his wings were singed black, and one of his eyes had been burned out.
‘See? Good things are already coming out of this,’ Gabriel said, smiling.
Gabriel tossed the phone to Dean. He smirked at Castiel's bowed head. He had never seen anyone blush so hard.
Crowley nodded. ‘That may be, but if Michael knows where to find him, then it will force Lucifer into making a move. If we’re lucky, he’s not really ready to make that move,’ he explained. ‘The more unprepared his is, the better it is for us.’
‘First retaliatory death,’ Crowley said as he picked up his glass. ‘It’s something that should be celebrated. So, we celebrated.’
‘What?! No! It’s not a good idea,’ Gabriel argued. ‘You can’t…you can’t fix him. And don’t go thinking you’re the only one he’s dated that’s found out and thinks they can tough it out and fix him.’
‘Er… Human food is okay?’ Dean replied uncertainly. He moved so that he was back in front of Castiel’s knees and looking up at him in concern. He chirped lightly and smiled when Castiel offered him a watery smile.
Dean smiled gratefully at Castiel before heading for the computer.
Castiel blushed brightly. ‘I—I don’t know how…’
Dean smiled bitterly as he lifted the end of his tail out of the water and spread his fin. ‘Too bad I’m the wrong color, huh?’
‘Yeah, I learned, but that’s not words,’ Dean said.
He didn’t normally remember his dreams, and, even then, his dreams consisted of tactical movements, assassinations…not people. He was waking up more and more often in a sweat and with a throbbing erection. It was irritating to say the least.
Sam stared down at Dean. ‘Uh…yeah… Whatever you say, Dean,’ he said as he straightened Dean’s blanket. He looked over when the door opened and a short, blond doctor walked in. He frowned at the lollipop sticking out of the doctor’s mouth. He glanced down at the nametag.
‘At least I didn’t sprout a tail or wings or…something weird,’ Gabriel said, gesturing at Sam’s tail.
‘I have complete faith in you,’ Castiel said, Lucifer’s warning ringing through his mind.
Sam laughed and scooted closer to Gabriel. He bent forward and kissed the back of Gabriel’s neck. He kissed his way down between the three pairs of golden wings, rubbing his hand along Gabriel’s sides, and lightly teasing his ass.
‘We weren’t…’ Castiel’s mind caught up with what Balthazar had just said. He was in the clear. No one knew. Dean’s secret was still safe. ‘I’m sorry. I completely forgot.’
night.’
Castiel’s head shot up. ‘It was vocal?’ he asked, surprised.
‘Pouvons-nous regarder?’ another shouted.
‘Look, I got an amazing deal on the room. It’s off season, so it’s no problem. Don’t think about it too hard.’
It only made Dean angrier. 'Yeah? Thanks for that,' he replied as his hand tightened around the knife he had hidden behind his back. He stabbed Castiel, hoping at least a little pain would get through. Castiel didn't even blink, and Dean's heart sank. He was Seraphiel. He used to be the highest ranking of the Seraphim. He used to be beautiful and loved. Now, he was no match for the low ranking soldier that stood before him.
‘And I wanted to see the tattoo,’ she said as she stepped closer and bent down to get a better look. ‘Your sex tape doesn’t do you justice.’
‘And that’s…?’ Sam prompted.
Gabriel almost laughed. Who could he say anything to? Who would
‘Don’t look so—‘ Gabriel’s eyes shifted down to the familiar messy hair of his brother. ‘Cas?!’ Gabriel looked from Castiel to Dean.
He sighed happily as he rested his head on Sam’s chest, enjoying the feeling of fingers stroking his hair. ‘Do you need me to set you an alarm?’ he asked drowsily.
Benny looked from Dean to the pizza box he had scrounged up for the merman. ‘I’m sure you’ll find out straight away.’
‘And me?’ Balthazar asked.
‘That wasn’t culture shock, that was just meeting my mother,’ Crowley said before downing the rest of his glass. ‘We all suffer witchy-shock-syndrome around her.’
Castiel’s heart was beating wildly. He couldn’t focus. Everything was closing in on him and growing dim. The lights in the kitchen shattered, and he bolted.
Gabriel shook his head and tucked his phone away. He had kept calling his brother, trying to ascertain Castiel’s mental state. So much for rescuing Castiel from misery. He glanced up as Karen entered the dining room, carrying tray full of drinks. ‘Oh, God, thank you!’
Dean scooted over to the bag and peeked inside. He smiled widely as he pulled out several shirts, shorts, and pants. He looked at each item in awe. He marveled at how humans could create something so intricately woven. After several minutes, he looked up at Benny. ‘So…how do I wear them?’
one? Oh, I can’t wait!’ he said, his voice dripping in sarcasm.
. Your legs are...short. Stumpy. You don’t have any colors to show that you’re a good mate,’ Dean explained. ‘You get to
‘Okay. I have no idea who that is, but congratulations on winning!’ Dean said and kissed Castiel’s cheek.
Castiel and cocked his head to the side. ‘Really? Just like that?’ he laughed. ‘Never.’
‘You two know each other?’ Gabriel asked, looking between Sam and Charlie. When he looked back at Sam, he gave the taller man a wary gaze. ‘You’re not a crazy tree hugger, are you?’
‘I didn’t ask,’ Dean said as he went back to fixing the engine.
Gabriel frowned. ‘Yeah, but in a month. Why now? And be honest!’
Gabriel sighed as he rolled onto his side. ‘I should probably talk to him…’
Dean looked at Sam in surprise. 'Uh...okay. What for?'
Castiel crawled up to give Dean a quick kiss. ‘Lose the shoes,’ he said before rolling off.
Anna stared at the plate uncertainly.
‘Like I said… More to do. And…it always feels better when someone else is doing it,’ Sam replied.
Castiel looked at the floor before meeting Dean's eyes. 'The kind that cares about his family?'
‘He can’t,’ Balthazar replied. ‘His boat’s here.’
tell anyone about
Bobby grunted as he hefted a few of the bags into Sam’s open arms. ‘You’d think we were booked full with how much those people eat,’ he grumbled. ‘At least that Alfie kid is on top of everything.’
Sam quirked a brow in suspicion.
Castiel watched with a soft smile as the two mermaids swam around each other, splashing water about with their tails and fins. They clicked and whistled back and forth, and Castiel tilted his head as he listened. Now that he was listening carefully, he could hear the subtle differences between them and the typical dolphin sounds he was familiar with. The sounds died down, and the pair remained underwater. He licked his lips before swimming out to where he had last seen them.
‘Yeah, but only on myths and legends,’ Gabriel replied. ‘I’m an expert in my field.’ He paused and looked up at Sam. ‘And it
Balthazar choked and stared at Castiel in shock. ‘You were arrested?!’
.-.-.-.-.
‘That damned cat of yours won’t get off the counter!’ Crowley said immediately. ‘And he’s whining at me! I have never met such a demanding beast!’
‘Very,’ Sam admitted.
‘No. I know what they’re like, and they would
‘Uh…you okay?’ Charlie asked. She nudged Gabriel with the toe of her shoe, drawing out a groan. ‘He’ll live,’ she said to Sam, who was leaning over the desk to assess the damage.
‘The cuff falls off if the connection’s not strong enough,’ Karen explained as she turned back to the pile of breadcrumbs.
Castiel nodded as he fiddled with the scales around his neck. ‘We’re hopeless.’
Dean hoped his confusion didn’t show as he watched Crowley and Jody share a kiss. He glanced at Castiel and found no indication of anything strange having been said. None of his TV shows had prepared him for the oddity that was humanity. As outrageous as the television characters were, he was finding real humans to be even moreso—they were just more subtle about it, and it was sometimes hard for him to keep up.
Sam shook his head and laughed before reaching up to pull Gabriel back down.
Gabriel grimaced and nodded.
Sam thinned his lips and wracked his brain. He had thought he had managed to keep up with pop culture well enough, but maybe he should have brushed up on the past as well. The only thing he came up with was the phrase ‘death to disco,’ but from Gabriel’s declaration, he didn’t think that would go over too well. ‘I…don’t think I’ve ever heard any disco,’ he eventually said, hoping it was a safe reply.
‘But I would think that you’d all have a more camouflaged look,’ Castiel said as he lined his tape measure up with one of the longer spines at the base of Charlie’s back. ‘It makes more sense. How else would you be able to sustain multiple populations and never be seen?’
Dean bit his lip and sent Castiel a silent apology. He was relieved when he received a warm reply.
room!’
That brought his thoughts to Charlie. He didn’t know much about Charlie’s background aside from what was listed on her resume. Under ‘Skills and Talents’, she had listed ‘mermaid.’ Sam and Charlie were childhood friends. And just
‘Huh? Stronger? Stronger than what?’ Dean asked, turning to fully face Castiel. He leaned back in his chair as he set down the unfinished cuff.
Dean suddenly uncurled his tail and stretched out his fins. He made a distressed whine, followed by a series of low clicks as he hugged his tail to himself.
Castiel groaned as he received another email from Gabriel. He wasn’t even finished with the most recent! He saved a draft and opened the new message, simply labeled as ‘Important!’
Dean held his breath and stared at the back of Castiel’s head, uncertain of what to say. As far as he was concerned, he thought of Castiel as his mate—with or without the ritual. But…it was still something that he had been looking forward to. ‘It’s not a big deal,’ he said.
‘It would seem so.’
.-.-.-.-.
Dean leaned against the door frame, crossing his arms over his chest. ‘And what do you want with my brother?’
‘So can you,’ Balthazar pointed out, turning away. ‘This may be a minor setback, but I haven’t given up.’
? Hah!’
‘No, but…’ Castiel sighed and dropped the phone to his side. How could he phrase ‘you made my ex break up with me’ without sounding like a petulant teenager? He raised the phone back to his ear. ‘Just…don’t talk to the film crew. Okay? If they ask questions about us, don’t answer.’
Gabriel grinned as he massaged the edges of the opening. Without looking, he could almost fool himself into thinking that he was about to finger a woman. His knuckles brushed against what he assumed was Sam’s cock, and he swallowed, keeping his eyes locked onto Sam’s. He dipped his fingers into the wet warmth of Sam, and he held his breath as Sam’s eyes shut and he clicked his appreciation.
'Maybe he went to Chevyland,' Dean suggested.
‘My recovery time is not cheating.’ Castiel pointed the gun at Gabriel and tilted his head. ‘I
.-.-.-.-.
…if you got it,’ he replied, barely above a whisper.
set.’
Castiel didn’t have to be coaxed into Dean’s bed that night, and Dean didn’t have to be reminded that sleep was required for him to function properly. Dean spooned against Castiel, having to loop and arm under a wing to get comfortable.
it.’ She backed away and gave Castiel a wink before walking off.
Anna stood quickly, her chair screeching loudly on the floor. ‘W-what?! I wasn’t suggesting—‘
reason I’ve got you locked up? Hm?’ Dean leaned closer. ‘I like you powerless. I like being the one in charge. I may not be able to command the armies of Heaven anymore, but I sure as Hell can push a few humans around. That’s why I need you off the demon blood, Sammy. I don’t do well with competition.’
Balthazar scooped Castiel up and grinned at Dean as Castiel giggled. ‘Don’t mind us.’
Benny tried to look away, but couldn’t. As Dean’s tail shrank, it began to resemble human legs. Soon, every last scale had faded, and Dean was left panting, hugging his new legs as tightly as possible. Carefully, Benny touched Dean’s shoulder, causing him to jump. ‘Hey… It’s okay… Just me.’
‘How do
Dean frowned as Castiel’s eyes suddenly went cold. ‘Cas?’
Castiel’s breaths came quickly as he hugged himself. Through his distraction, he didn’t even fight the cuff’s pull. ‘They know! They know about me, and they’re gonna come after me.’
‘Giraffe?’ Castiel said, shooting Dean a confused look.
'I'm sorry?'
compared to when I ate the last of his ice cream. Oh. Word of advice: Don’t get between him and his sugar. He has to explicitly offer it to you.’
Castiel shrugged and looked away. ‘It’s…obvious in retrospect,’ he admitted. ‘I feel a little stupid for not suspecting something sooner.’
'Well, if we get in, kill it, and get out, then there won't be any camping,' Dean said. 'So, there's your incentive to do a good job.'
‘I didn’t—Cas! Tell him what happened!’ Dean said as he stood.
‘Will you still be here?’ Dean asked with a shaky voice, not taking his eyes off the syringe.
,’ Dean replied.
‘You want me to join you?’
‘Well, it couldn’t’ve been a full sprint. I have you clocked at…uh… I have food,’ Gabriel trailed off, pointing to the small kitchenette. He grabbed a large paper bag from the counter and pulled out several boxes. ‘Have a seat!’
‘Someone that has to clarify coffee or
that is.’
instead of my fins,’ Dean said as he dropped heavily onto a chair and propped his elbows onto the kitchen table. ‘He’s not scared off by my scars. He actually
Sam let out a relieved laugh. ‘That doesn’t change the fact that there are people coming that want to find you.’
‘Well, he’s still…normal…ish,’ she replied.
Castiel pulled himself up and climbed the ladder. He looked over his shoulder when he reached the top. It looked like Balthazar still hadn’t found the keys. ‘Thank you,’ he said as he climbed over the railing and onto the deck.
.-.-.-.-.
human.’
'Who were you protecting?'
Dean emerged about an hour later. He shoved the cuff into his pocket and set about looking for Castiel. He decided to start with Gabriel. He found the shorter angel sitting in the study on the couch with Sam. ‘Where’s Cas?’
‘Yes, well… If I were to go about claiming that mermaids were real, then
‘Not exactly,’Castiel replied. ‘Dean is here to see his brother.’ He looked at Dean to find him staring around the lobby in unmasked awe and curiosity. ‘Dean?’
‘Uh, Gabriel?’ Castiel asked, patting Gabriel’s back.
Searaphiel had been forced to retain his human form in Hell—only his wings showing as a reminder of what he truly was. Not once did Alastair cut into Seraphiel's wings. Seraphiel wished he would. He wished his torturer would rip them clean out, remove the reminder of how far he'd fallen and how he could never make up for it. The attentions he bore under the thing that wore his brother’s face eventually broke him. He'd already fallen so far. What was wrong with going a little further? He gave in and took up the knife. The praise he received may not have been anything like what the real Alastair would have given, but it was a soothing balm nonetheless.
‘You’re just jealous,’ Gabriel said smugly.
‘Gabriel can get us into the mixed apartments,’ Crowley replied. ‘That would be the best way for us to get inside. From there, we can access the main building’s basement and dismantle the wards to the first floor’s east side. The western half is protected by warding on the second floor.’
Dean looked down, confirming that it was, in fact, a TV. 'Yes, it is.'
They stayed like that until Dean's phone rang. Dean jumped and pulled his phone out, reading Sam's name on the small screen. He cleared his throat and plastered a big smile on his face before answering. 'Sammy! Hey, I was just on my way.'
Gabriel nodded. It was probably true. He was prepared to find a sea monster. Not find out that his boyfriend was a merman. ‘So, what now?’
‘We need stuff that looks like you would actually find a sea monster here,’ Balthazar explained. ‘Good example: Loch Ness Monster equals lots of castles.’
okay with it…’
Dean's breath caught when he heard Castiel emit a throaty moan. He tried, but he just couldn't get himself to stop petting. Every time he brought his hand down, Castiel would make a new noise. Soft moans, light gasps, and needy whines. The sounds were going straight to Dean's groin.
‘Oh. Well… It’s nice to see Muffin happy,’ Castiel replied. ‘And not tearing up someone’s arm…’
'Hey! Why's
‘You hurt
‘Ending? Wait. I don’t wanna know. No. Yes, I do. What ending?’
‘For us, uh, me, it’s just wrapping our tails together and kissing,’ Dean said. ‘It’s a sign of trust, I guess. Shows that your mate’s not gonna drown you.’
‘Excuse you! I’m not some common deviant!’ Crowley sputtered.
‘I see,’ Michael said as understanding dawned on him. ‘It would be expected that  in an area where there is a concentrated mix of creatures…you would have just as much, if not more, security than their place of work. They wouldn’t even try beyond the first failure.’
When they reached ground zero, Dean could feel the trace of an angel's Grace, but nothing to indicate it was actually there. Not a good sign.
‘Thanks, but no thanks,’ Dean replied. ‘I can’t believe you think your sons are only worth one lousy gun!’
Castiel could hold his breath for about three to four times longer than Gabriel, and enough time had passed that Castiel would have to have come up for air. There was no way that Sam could hold his breath much longer.
Crowley shook his head. ‘I would never… Not with… Ugh.’
‘Oh…sorry,’ Castiel murmured. ‘I thought…’
Dean leaned down and kissed Castiel deeply, slowly threading his fingers through Castiel’s hair. He pulled away, and Castiel tried to follow. ‘Don’t forget,’ he said jokingly.
Sam smiled and leaned back down to press a light kiss to Gabriel’s lips. ‘Then that’s what I’ll do.’
‘I only do it because I love you.’
Gabriel eyed the candy before snatching it away. 'A Scooby Snack. Thanks,' he said. He was aiming for sarcasm, but his voice had other plans. Plans Gabriel was perfectly fine going along with.
‘All of you shut up,’ Anna said. ‘I wanna get this done sometime today.’
Michael looked down and sighed. ‘In the beginning, I was…much more intense about my beliefs. I should have been more focused on being a father, but when he began showing signs of just how powerful he was…all I saw was a potential ally.’
Anna huffed in irritation. ‘You didn’t make Castiel stay,’ she argued.
‘No problem, stranger. Name’s Benny.’ Benny offered his hand to Castiel.
.-.-.-.-.
(See the end of the chapter for
Gabriel chewed on his lip as he looked away. He trusted Sam with his life, but could he trust him with the fate of his species? He let out a shaky breath as he lost the battle with Sam’s question. ‘All those little extra symbols that you think are just decoration? That’s it. It makes it so only the Campbell line can change things… It’s tied to the Witch’s bloodline. Only you and Dean can change the spell and have it work. If you take it out…’
Dean shrugged and gave Sam a sheepish grin. ‘That’s what he said.’
Sam watched as the angel's right hand rummaged through the bag. He snapped out of his trance, quickly reached into his pocket, and slapped the binding cuff on the angel's wrist.
Castiel bit his lip and cautiously raised his eyes to meet Dean’s. He was aware of Sam shifting behind, settling Gabriel into the chair. He stared silently at Dean, not knowing what to say. He had never been in this sort of situation before.
Sam sighed and looked away. ‘Look, I’m flattered. Really. But…we barely know each other. Just…hold off on that thought until…until we know more about each other,’ he said. It wasn’t that he wasn’t willing to run off with the shorter man—when his mate had joined his colony, they had chosen to stay together within three days.
Balthazar pulled his hand back as if burned. ‘Not it.’
‘My human name! Dean,’ he declared. He pushed off the pier and dipped below the surface, reappearing to Sam’s right. ‘I like it! What’s yours?’
‘Hey. Our language is
‘That never stopped you before,’ Castiel growled back, splashing water at Crowley. He was disappointed that he didn’t have anything to throw at the other man.
‘God, I wanna paint your freckles,’ Castiel muttered before dipping in to kiss Dean’s cheek. ‘Your eyes.’ He placed a kiss next to Dean's eye. ‘Your neck,’ he whispered then licked the length of Dean’s neck, drawing out a soft moan. He giggled as he pulled back. ‘And your lips.’ He nipped and sucked at Dean’s lips before settling back, staring at Dean’s chest in silence.
‘Did you… Did you sleep with him?’
Gabriel’s breath caught and he opened his mouth to return the sentiment, but his stressed mind took over. ‘You say that now… Just wait ‘til you try to teach me how to swim. Cas didn’t speak to me for a week.’ He thinned his lips and looked down at his lap. ‘Sorry. I mean… I love you, too. I think. I did before, and I’m pretty sure I still do.’
, is it?’ He turned his attention to Sam. ‘What do you say, Sasquatch? Trade in your angel for a knife that can kill demons?’
‘It’s not complicated enough?’ Dean asked as he stroked Castiel’s hair.
'Well, what did he want? Did he say anything about Anna?'
‘I ran,’ Sam replied.
Castiel’s eyes flicked to Dean before he relaxed into Dean’s side. He was having fun. Dean seemed to enjoy his cluelessness, pointing things out, making idle comments on the actors. Every time Castiel said that he had never seen whatever movie Dean mentioned, Dean would first be completely baffled, then excited. Their next date was already planned. They would watch the original Star Wars trilogy and have Chinese.
‘Why didn’t I…argh!’ Sam pulled at his hair as he paced back and forth.
‘Sam… Sam Winchester.’
Sam looked to the bed, and Dean followed his gaze. Gabriel sat up and waved happily.
.-.-.-.-.
.-.-.-.-.
Castiel bit his lip as he cast his eyes about the room. ‘I have to go.’ He reached the door and turned back when Balthazar cleared his throat. He stared curiously at the man smiling at him.
Gabriel huffed. 'He'll do fine,' he grudgingly admitted.
supposed to keep track of how things worked? He paused before entering the lobby, taking a few slow breaths. He stepped into the lobby and smiled brightly at Sam.
Castiel bowed his head and bit his lip. ‘I…I’m sorry.’
Castiel pulled his gaze from his reflection and directed it at his brother. 'I just don't understand
Lucifer smiled softly at Castiel. ‘I’m sure he told you that. But he’s already meddled with the spell. It’s in his blood to do so. The Campbell’s have always been modifying the spell.’
It was over, even if Uriel didn't want it to be. Castiel held Uriel back from attacking Dean, and Dean let out an exhausted sigh after the two angels left. He didn't know what to think. He was torn between being happy for Anna and wanting to scream. She got her Grace back. She would be able to go home. Dean, on the other hand, was stuck on Earth. Stuck on Earth and called upon for some holy mission no one wanted to tell him about.
Dean gave Sam a doubtful stare. ‘Well, it’s nice that
Dean wanted to feel more of what Castiel had to offer. And he wanted to feel it all over, but fins and scales were nowhere near as sensitive as skin. He was about to pull the rest of his tail from the water when he was forcefully pushed off the pier.
Charlie nodded. ‘
Sam and Bobby quickly entered the room to find the young blonde Hunter’s awkward smile plastered across the television.
‘Heya, Clarence.’
And that was his current situation. Castiel was back to crying, going on about one thing or another. As much as Dean had tried to keep up, Castiel’s thoughts kept bouncing back and forth with seemingly no connection.
Castiel shrugged in response. ‘I am a little offended that you never told me that we made a sex tape.’
Ms. Skrims held her hand out to the confused man. ‘Your husband is quite the dancer. I’m sorry I kept him from you for so long.’
‘Course. Like she never got laid,’ Ash said with a slight leer.
‘So we’ll just need you to stand on the X over there,’ Samandriel said, pointing at a paper with a large, black X that lay on the ground, a small rock keeping it in place. ‘Start with who you are, and just tell me what you saw. Try not to look at the camera, and don’t be worried about making mistakes. Take your time, and try to be as detailed as possible. Charlie will set you up with a mic.’
About fifteen minutes had passed when a shadow passed over Castiel. He glanced up, expecting to find a shark. Instead, he saw a green tail with a violet fin dart out of sight behind a reef. He barely managed to keep hold of the camera in his shock.
‘Yes,’ Castiel replied breathlessly.
‘That’s the
‘Yes, and
‘I’m not that bad. I’m not as argumentative anymore,’ Castiel said.
'“Specialize”...,' Dean repeated.
,’ Crowley said as he stared down at the blueprints spread across the kitchen table. He tapped on the center of one blueprint after the lines finished wavering. ‘There is supposed to be a supply closet here.’
Castiel searched Dean's eyes, looking for any clues he might find. He was beginning to wish he had shown more interest in humans, learned their mannerisms. Humans were such physical and tonal creatures, and Seraphiel seemed to have completely adapted. Castiel was in over his head. 'I don't understand,' he admitted.
‘No angel would let
Gabriel brightened up considerably.
It wasn’t until he was in the tub and enjoying the distraction of the burning, stretching itch of bones shifting and scales growing that he realized he had been holding his breath. He slowly released his held breath and leaned back, wincing as a spine caught the faucet as he tried to find a comfortable position.
‘Yeah,’ Dean confirmed with a smile. ‘You were actin’ pretty suspicious.
Castiel blushed deeply and tore his eyes from the screen. He had trouble keeping them away, and he could feel Dean’s amusement.
Castiel stared blearily at the bathroom wall. The shower was still running, and he was still tucked between the toilet and tub. None of it had been real. All the progress he and Dean had made… Dean thoroughly molesting his wings… Well, the mess in his trousers was real enough. He groaned in frustration and let his head drop back against the wall, momentarily enjoying the pain. He was back to square one.
‘Through the link?’ Balthazar asked distractedly.
Gabriel fumbled with the CD case as he picked up his suitcase. What was he supposed to do? Should he give the disc to Castiel? Should he even
Dean held the door open for Pamela. On the way to Bobby's, he explained how they had found Anna, about her knowing the blood magic, about how wrong and empty she felt. As they reached the door to the basement, Pamela placed a hand on Dean's shoulder. When he looked at her questioningly, she put a finger to her lips and gave him a smirk. He let out a short laugh and shook his head.
?’ Karen asked, staring at Dean.
Dean nodded, not quite trusting Anna. ‘Okay.’
Sam leaned back and looked to where he thought Charlie was, only to find her missing. ‘Uh…I uh… I don’t…know,’ he said. Sure, he thought the TV host was attractive, but he probably shouldn’t push his luck. Not when said TV host happened to work on a show about mythical creatures. He held up the box of gauze. ‘We should probably finish patching you up…’
‘Yeah, uh…’ Gabriel wracked his mind. What had Castiel said about the photo? ‘So it’s supposed to be some sort of mysterious sea monster, right? Well, those uh…scales? Yeah, there’s scales and the tailfin is uh…like a uh…a mammal. So uh…someone obviously didn’t do their research.’ He laughed as he plucked the photograph from Sam’s hand and looked for somewhere to stash it.
weird and embarrassing, then Castiel would correct him.
Castiel scoffed and shook his head. ‘He worries about me enough as it is. He thinks I’m fragile and incapable of taking care of myself.’
Dean jumped in surprise. ‘Um… It’s not important.’
.-.-.-.-.
Dean's irritation flared. 'I know
Castiel laughed softly before leaning in and placing a kiss on Dean’s cheek. ‘No,’ he replied. ‘I think you’re a very thoughtful fish, and I probably don’t deserve you. Now, let’s see if we can fix this.’
When Dean was forced to leave for a bathroom break, Castiel slipped in and poked around the computer. He wondered just what Anna had done. He stared at the screen helplessly. He couldn’t change it back. He didn’t know how. There had been angelic tampering. He could feel it. For the past three days, he took every chance he had to study the computer and figure out how to reverse Anna’s work. Even if it would be better if Dean never fixed the cuff, it wasn’t fair. Dean deserved a chance. He sighed as he heard Dean returning.
‘Nah, it’s all good,’ Dean said as he hugged and kissed Castiel. ‘More ‘n happy to be here for ya’.’
Gabriel placed his hands in his lap and stared at them. He was trying to
Gabriel stared at his drink as Anna berated Samandriel. He couldn’t voice his opinion, but having conflicting stories would discredit the sea serpent’s existence and serve to protect it for a while. As for the production’s creature artist…the kid had a
Gabriel crossed his arms over his chest with a huff. ‘Do I at least get a plaque?’
Sam laughed and shook his head. ‘You’re hopeless.’
Anna frowned as she tried to fight her way through the drunken haze clouding her thoughts. She decided it was an insult. ‘Hey… At least I didn’t let the kinkiest lay of my life slip outta my fingers ‘cuz I was too stupid to talk to him!’
once I’ve outlived my usefulness?’
'No,' Gabriel said with a careful tone, '
Anna glanced quickly around the table. Eyes were darting back and forth between her and Crowley. They were expecting him to lash out at her. She breathed in steadily and directed her attention to Crowley. She had tried to voice her concerns before, but had been blown off and ignored. Maybe, since her employer was currently trapped, she would finally be heard.
Lucifer glared at Michael in annoyance. Michael was right, but there had to be another way to have the best of both worlds.
'How long do you think she'll stay like that?' Dean asked, inspecting the ghost from every possible angle.
Gabriel scratched his head as he looked back at Castiel giggling helplessly in Dean’s arms. ‘I don’t know who I’m supposed to threaten…’
,’ he quietly replied. He winced as the fan above him shook from his voice.
Castiel huffed and stared at his plate. ‘I hadn’t noticed,’ he grudgingly admitted.
Dean rested his elbows on his knees and stared at Castiel. The angel stared back miserably. ‘So, what do we do?’ he asked.
‘I do hope we won’t be fighting with these wards up,’ Michael said.
Sam looked away in annoyance. ‘I think that’s exactly what happened. Shit. Dammit. We can’t take our time anymore.’ He looked down at Gabriel, studying the short angel. ‘Do you think you can get to the others and have them meet up here?’ he asked.
Anna made to follow, but Karen stood in her way. Karen gave Anna an even stare and handed her a plate of food.
,’ Dean griped as he settled on the ocean floor. He wriggled on his back in frustration. ‘
Castiel blushed and looked away. He wanted to. He wanted to sleep, wrapped tightly in Dean’s arms. To let Dean hold him and whisper away any doubts he had. He swallowed as Dean approached him. ‘I…’
‘I’m…for the middle of the ocean, myself,’ Dean said quietly. He couldn’t help the blush that surfaced as Jody’s grin widened. ‘Er… Not that it matters.’
Castiel smiled and nodded. ‘Dean is so pure and brave, and he likes me.’
you?’ she purred in response.
The man looked up at Dean, clearly alarmed.
‘Well, I’m seeing
to be killed if it came down to it. Sorry we couldn’t tell you.’
‘Gabriel?’
Castiel made a small noise as he kicked his legs. He went up and over the reef, but found nothing on the other side. Only more small fish flitting away. He sighed as he looked around. He was about to give up on searching the area when he noticed a spot of color resting on the sandy bottom of the ocean. He aimed the camera and zoomed in. The creature’s tailfin was spread wide and slowly lifting and settling.
‘Well, why doesn’t she just…go on land? She should get legs after she dries off,’ Dean said, waving the piece of bacon at the screen. He stopped breathing when he realized what he had just said. ‘I mean… Well…’
‘Yeah…nevermind… I get it,’ he said, looking away. He moved his arm, but couldn’t help glancing back up at Castiel. Tentatively, he reached forward again and let his hand hover just above Castiel’s cheek. He breathed in sharply as Castiel gently took his hand and pressed it against his skin. ‘Castiel… Cas…’
'Hey! Hey, Sam! Sammy?' Gabriel jogged to keep up. 'Are you listening?'
He opened the door to find Castiel asleep on the couch with the television on. He made no effort to be quiet as he entered the apartment and turned off the TV.
‘So I know what I’m getting into,’ Dean replied as if his intentions were obvious.
‘She’s being overly friendly with you,’ Castiel replied.
Crowley regarded Dean for a moment before speaking. ‘There has never been a demon-angel hybrid. There have been rumors that Lucifer and his followers were attempting to breed one, but with no luck.’
Castiel slowly sat up and stared at the door. He wanted to ask Gabriel for advice, but he knew his brother would only answer with extremes. Either jump Dean or castrate him. And judging by his brother's earlier reaction, castration or murder were the more likely suggestions.
‘Ca…Castiel.’
Castiel had a soft smile on his lips as he watched Dean slowly map out every inch of his skin. He was beginning to understand Dean’s earlier frustration over his own exploration of Dean’s tail. Especially while there was a hand ghosting up his inner thigh with no intention of delivering any form of sexual pleasure. Even the way Dean went about removing Castiel’s clothing was methodical.
‘My name’s Castiel.’
Gabriel scratched his head and looked around. He noticed the overstuffed suitcase in the corner of the room. ‘Did you come down with that, or did you actually take the time to go and get it?’ he asked, pointing.
‘No… I mean... Based on your tails, I would have assumed that
Castiel sighed and nodded. ‘All right… I won’t force him to speak to you, but… Go soak in your tub, and I’ll talk to Gabriel,’ he said.
Dean gave a small smile and leaned down. He kissed Castiel lightly.
‘I’m right here,’ Dean said softly. He hissed as the tingling in his tail turned into the familiar dull itch that preceded the short burst of strange pain that accompanied the shifting of his bones.
Ellen strode up to her daughter with a sour expression on her face. ‘Them idiot Winchesters is what’s wrong,’ she snapped.
Jody snorted into her drink and gave Crowley a side long glance. ‘I think you have that confused with an Irish lilt. What
‘Well…yeah. I don’t have legs. Er, normally,’ Dean replied. ‘And yours are different by just a little. Tails are completely different. Color, pattern, shape. You’re more…uh…different, but not as noticeable?’
There was nothing. No divine retribution from Heaven. No word from Heaven of what to do with him. It was slow, but Heaven abandoned the old routes of communication. At first, Seraphiel had thought it was a sign. They would finally do something to stop him. He found the new lines, and with them, a change in Enochian. The words were new, but the message was the same. The same prayers. The same guidance to give aid. Nothing about his deeds. Nothing about tracking him down and stopping him.
.-.-.-.-.
‘You’re coming here? You’re staying…
‘On what?’
Castiel was having a wonderful dream. It probably had something to do with Gabriel insisting that he loom over Dean and wait for the Hunter to wake up. After about an hour, sleep had finally caught up to him. He'd had plenty of wet dreams before, but this one felt a little more real than the others. Someone was stroking his wings. Not just grooming them, but full on stroking. Fingers were running through his feathers, lightly displacing them, seeking out every last erogenous zone.
He reached the middle of the natural pool and looked down, trying to get a clue of where they had gone. He could see Charlie’s tail trailing along in a small circle on the floor, but he couldn’t see Dean. ‘Dean?’ he called out. He yelped as his butt was pinched.
‘Then what is
Dean’s brows furrowed in confusion. ‘Sorry? For what?’
Gabriel scoffed as he rested his chin on his hand. Someone was going to have to warn Dean, and it looked like it would be him. He was still reeling from being in the ocean and finding out about Sam.
Bobby slowly approached Dean. ‘Sam’s at another lull…’
Dean looked over his shoulder to find Castiel hovering just behind the doorframe. ‘Hey, Cas…’
‘What. Did. You. Want. To. Talk. About?’ Dean ground out.
‘I’m gonna get you outta here,’ Dean promised.
Dean gave a stiff nod.
'I'll loan you the book,' Sam replied before digging into his salad.
‘Mmm… I can go about two minutes…average is a minute,’ Castiel replied. He made no fuss as Dean guided him onto his knees, still hopeful, but not expecting any relief anytime soon.
Gabriel moved to stand in front of Sam and rested his head against the other’s chest. He sighed as Sam began rubbing soothing circles on his back. ‘This sucks.’
‘Well, I know where the hotel is, so I can drop you on their front porch. How’s that sound?’ Benny said as he headed to the helm.
’ he bitterly replied.
the one that’s asking for clarification. I’ve never been on the receiving end. And you just
‘Did you really think I wouldn’t disconnect the fuckin’ pain meds?’ Dean asked.
Dean had made his way up to the double doors and had just managed to pick the lock when Sam and Gabriel joined him inside. 'So, Bobby said you should be able to tell us where this ghost's bones are,' he said to Gabriel. And that was all Bobby had said. He had given Dean an address and that was about it. No information on the ghost. Nothing helpful.
‘It’s safe.’
slow,’ Anna retorted before attacking.
‘Well, they
As Castiel left the small hotel, his thoughts drifted between Balthazar and Dean. He didn’t know how he felt about his ex anymore. He had grown used to avoiding him and being given the cold shoulder. He loved that they were speaking again, and that he knew
Dean ran over the information. There was a movie of Castiel getting off. To get it back, Castiel would have to date someone else at the same time. If Castiel got it back, then he might be allowed to see it. But…there was a chance that Castiel would choose the other person. He didn’t understand the problem. ‘Why would I have a problem with that?’ he asked.
Dean pushed away from the pier. ‘Nah, I’m good. I found a nice little cave that way,’ he said as he pointed north. ‘Got some great views of humans. They’re so…weird looking.’ He eyes drifted to Sam’s legs. ‘Those, uh…toes are freaky.’
Castiel’s eyes narrowed. He looked over the mystery angel. Three pairs of white wings, light hair, blue eyes, and a serene smile. ‘Who are you?’ he asked.
‘Oh. Yeah. That’s kinda a touchy subject to bring up,’ Gabriel said. ‘Well…if he’s not gonna help you out, then I can help. It’s my fault you’re over there, anyway.’ He offered a small smile and felt a little better when Castiel nodded and thanked him. ‘Just don’t do anything to get blacklisted. I had to travel for about three years under a different name.’
‘I don’t blame ya’. Cas has a
Sam looked between Dean and Castiel, and his brows came together. Just how long did Castiel know about Dean? Dean had been acting suspiciously the previous day. Starting with when the pair returned to the hotel and took over his room… ‘What were you two doing in my room?’ he asked suspiciously.
‘To be honest, I don’t think his crush is going anywhere serious,’ Sam replied. He frowned as he heard his name being called. ‘In here!’
And with that, Sam and Dean were off. Once they reached the town and began asking questions, rumors of an angel being in the area surfaced. Dean was ecstatic. This was going to be his chance.
‘I agree with Dean,’ Gabriel said. ‘I don’t…I don’t want them having any sort of excuse to take Cas away.’
'You like TV?' Dean asked, dumbfounded. 'Never heard of a radio, but you “like TV.”' He shook his head as they entered the living room. 'Well, there it is,' he said as he pointed to the old CRT television in the corner.
‘Why not?’
Balthazar flinched as another shout drifted up from below. Apparently, being loud ran in the family. As much as Castiel tried to be quiet, Balthazar had firsthand experience at how loud he could get when in the throes of passion. He looked over to see Samandriel happily reading a book.
‘You’ve already got a job lined up?’ Castiel asked as he raised his head to stare at Dean. He felt some of his stress ease. ‘But you’ve been human, er…on land… Whatever. You’ve integrated rather quickly.’
carrying this one,’ Castiel said, readjusting his hold on the bag he carried.
As a last resort, he decided.
Sam nodded as he stocked the fridge. ‘Yeah, I just…don’t know how he’d take it…’
'I thought you said he was a bad guy?' Bobby stood up and looked over Sam's shoulder.
Dean frowned uncertainly. ‘
coming. I seriously think he’s psychic or something,’ Gabriel replied in distaste. ‘He gave me my plaque.’
learned.
Castiel sighed happily as he leaned into Dean’s touch. He was pulled back to reality as he felt confusion flitting along the cuff’s connection. ‘What’s wrong?’
'Because God commanded it,' replied Castiel. 'Because we have work for you.'
‘You hit a submarine? What happened?’ Castiel asked.
Dean huffed and relented. He turned and caught Castiel’s gaze. Smiling brightly, he made his way over. ‘Morning! What’s everyone lookin’ at?’
‘Uh…’ Samandriel flipped through his planner. ‘Well, we have the boat for the whole time we’re here, so…whenever’s good for you.’
‘We can’t,’ Castiel moaned as Dean reached around to stroke the undersides of his wings.
Castiel stared at the ground as he stiffly nodded.
‘It’s okay,’ Sam insisted. ‘Bobby’s safe. Karen, too. They’ll keep our secret better than we can.’
'Wow! Thanks, Cas,' Dean said, taking the steaming mug from Castiel. He took a sip. It had the perfect amount of cream and sugar.
Sam looked down at Gabriel with a smirk. ‘We checked the camera,’ he said.
‘Go away!’ Gabriel shouted back. A few moments later, he heard the engine start and felt the movement of the boat.
‘Don’t worry. I’ll keep you in check. It’s not like you’re preserving his innocence by not making a move,’ Anna said, her voice starting to fade as the pair made their way down the hall. ‘You can tell he wants it bad.’
‘Fine. Plants, fish, and a special ingredient,’ Dean replied.
Dean’s eyes widened, and his chest tightened. A part of him feared that Castiel was about to reject him. He didn’t think he could handle that. He was used to the flippant dismissal his own kind would normally give. Not tears and halted words.
Dean shook his head and smiled. ‘No Nicorette, no patch, no nothin’.’
Out of the group, Balthazar was the most talkative, refusing to let them eat in silence. He kept the conversation light and mostly focused on complimenting Karen’s ability to cook.
.-.-.-.-.
Dean switched to stroking the wings, giving Gabriel a shit eating grin in response. He paused when he felt a hand tightly grip his thigh. He looked at Castiel curiously.
‘Thought I heard someone lingering around the corner,’ Sam said as he looked up from the pile of paperwork he had spread out in front of him.
‘What can I say? I’m adaptable! Sam say’s I’d make a good hustler,’ Dean said proudly.
‘Was a bit of a flake?’ Bobby supplied.
Dean stared up at Castiel and frowned. ‘What’s wrong with your wings?’ he asked in confusion. He closed his eyes with a groan. ‘Fuck. Am I still dead?’
shirts,’ Gabriel said. ‘A nice, clean,
‘What’s the special ingredient? Is it something illegal?’ Castiel asked suspiciously.
.-.-.-.-.
For the first time since entering the bathroom, Gabriel’s eyes went up to meet Sam’s. His breath caught at the half-smile. ‘W-what was that sound for?’
‘Hey, Bobby—’
fault they recorded their little tryst in the middle of their documentary,’ Balthazar said defensively. ‘They’re lucky
smell delicious. He dug into the pie and was already half done when Sam and Dean entered the kitchen.
‘The signs are all there. At least it doesn’t last long once he breaks. He just gets violent,’ Gabriel replied. ‘Sorry if your brother ends up with a black eye.’
!’ Castiel cried out as he spun to face Lucifer. ‘You have plenty of demons and monsters under your command. Why permit the angels to live, but not the demons or monsters?! What makes
The corner of Dean’s mouth turned down in disgust. And he thought
‘Then why do I need to
Sam stood and rushed to Dean’s side the moment they entered the room. ‘Dean! Are you okay? Are you…’
‘Yeah…?’ Dean replied distractedly.
nice,’ Balthazar complimented. ‘And it only took your first try to get that look of pure hate.’
Dean flinched. 'Come again?'
He resurfaced, fully prepared to fight, and found Sam glaring down at him. ‘What?!’
‘You liar,’ Dean bit out, relaxing.
‘Trixie?’ Sam asked weakly.
'What's wrong?' Sam asked.
‘It doesn’t have to be wrong,’ Castiel replied as he loosened his wings. He offered Dean an uncertain smile. ‘I’m just a little different. There’s nothing wrong with that, right?’
‘I thought the dog died…,’ Sam said.
‘Hey!’
He found Castiel just where Gabriel said he’d be. He pushed Sam’s shirts out of the way and crouched in front of Castiel. ‘Why are you hiding in here?’ he asked.
‘Only mermaids are out of my league,’ Dean said bitterly. He pulled the shirt on over his t-shirt and grinned, holding out his arms. ‘I saw this style on a TV show. How’s it look?’
Castiel held Dean in place, staring into his eyes. He tried to read what was there, comparing the look to every human reaction he could remember. He settled on hope and fear. Castiel brought his wings possessively around Dean and pressed their lips together. It held none of the passion from their first kiss, but sweet reassurance. When Castiel pulled back, he gave Dean a small smile, still an unfamiliar expression for him. 'I can take care of myself, Dean,' he said. 'And, if I Fall, I know you will catch me.'
Gabriel rolled his eyes before pushing away from the table. He hopped onto the tabletop and spread his legs as he gave Sam a lewd smile. 'Now, then. Where were we?'
Jimmy tilted his head minutely and gave Dean an apologetic frown.
Castiel bit his lip and made a show of fingering the silver cuff he wore. He didn’t want to say anything, but he was willing to embarrass himself for the sake of making it appear that he was properly bound to Dean. ‘I…asked for advice on…flirting,’ he quietly replied. He looked up at Dean pleadingly. ‘Can we discuss this later?’
The three Hunters at the table looked around in confusion as the angels and demons went about eating as if nothing had happened. Even Karen was calmly slicing more meatloaf.
‘Yeah, but I’m not gonna go on your show to talk about it. It stays between us,’ Sam said quickly.
! Did…did he find out about the arrests? I can’t remember! He’s going to tell Mother…’ He stared ahead as his shoulders began to shake, and he broke out into a renewed fit of sobs.
‘Long history together?’ Dean asked as he pulled Castiel back down.
Dean nodded. ‘I’ve had plenty of flings,’ he said. ‘Doesn’t mean you won’t find the right mate er…partner.’
Dean softly stroked Castiel’s hair as the angel collapsed against him, gasping for air. When Castiel had recovered, Dean spoke. ‘So. Grooming, huh?’
‘Are you
The thought made him angry. Angry at himself for being so useless. Angry at Lucifer for placing a binding spell on him. Angry at the angel that currently had him hoisted up by his ankle. He glared up at Anna, not noticing the surprised look on her face.
Charlie huffed and tightened her grip on her bag as she pushed past everyone in the hall and stomped up the stairs. She poked her head back around the corner and smiled at Sam. ‘We’ll catch up later, okay?’
Gabriel nodded and cracked open the door. ‘Hey, Bal… Uh…just you?’
True, he did have a habit of throwing himself so far into his work that he had lost sight of everything else. It was why all his relationships went downhill. It was the reason Balthazar hated him. You could only forget about a date and run off on expeditions at the last second so many times. Fifteen, in Balthazar’s case. It was the trip to the Caribbean that was the last straw. ‘Look, I’m doing fine. If you really need my help, then I can…I can set up a little area in my apartment to make recordings. Would that work?’
Gabriel sighed and snapped his fingers, returning control of the television to Dean.
‘I’m asking you to leave with me,’ Gabriel said, biting his lip.
Castiel began to shake and the lights flickered.
Benny walked past the pair and pulled out a stack of pictures from on top of the helm. He held out a picture of a dolphin. ‘This one.’
Dean nodded to himself, thinking. ‘Hey! Do you think she’ll wanna go for swim? I mean, since you don’t want to… It’s kinda lonely in here.’
Angel Corp want with him?
this new cuff.’
‘Yeah. She’s the youngest. You know them?’
on you?!’ A disbelieving laugh escaped his lips at Balthazar’s nod. ‘With Crowley. Crowley-Crowley? Shark expert Crowley?’
to rest.’
Sam took the knife when Gabriel gave him an encouraging nudge.
‘Is something wrong?’ Anna asked. ‘Is there anything I can do to help?’
That night in bed and wrapped securely in Dean’s arms, Castiel’s heart raced. Tomorrow he would essentially be getting married. Were there supposed to be witnesses? Would Muffin qualify as a witness? What if he did something wrong? Would Dean hate him? Was he supposed to give Dean something to signify their relationship?
involve sex!’ Castiel said. ‘It’s…um…’ He looked to Dean and licked his lips. ‘I’m not quite sure what it involves, actually. Kissing underwater or something.’
‘Everything’s gonna be fine,’ Castiel murmured into Dean’s shoulder as he kissed his way across Dean’s back.
Gabriel nodded solemnly as he followed the brothers down the new set of stairs. Once in the cellar, he looked around. He tried to feel where the ghost was originating from, but was having no luck. He shook his head in defeat. 'We'll have to wait for another pass.'
is enjoying it.’
Michael faced Anna and narrowed his eyes. ‘Uriel? That
‘Lucifer’s forces knew she was Michael’s main squeeze, so they targeted her,’ he replied. ‘We have the offices and a few buildings full of apartments, each warded against specific creatures. They caught her when she left the main building… They tortured her and killed her.’ He sighed as he shook his head. ‘I was too late. Lucifer’s not a demon, so…at least the torture was minimal.’
Gabriel snorted as he pushed off the frame and sauntered forward. ‘And my telling you wasn’t enough?’
‘Did you see it?’ Castiel asked distractedly, running his fingers over the scales. They were like nothing he’d ever seen.
wanna do this?’
Gabriel laughed as he sat next to Castiel. ‘Sure, you didn’t. Cas, I
‘I never knew that was… All those times I was grounded…’ Gabriel trailed off in thought. ‘And that’s how he got out all the times
‘I thought you were supposed to be mad at me?’
Sam wordlessly handed the bag of gummy worms to Gabriel. Dean was going to kill him.
fine. He was about to head in Dean’s direction when he felt a flicker of emotion through the cuff’s connection. He stiffened and began breathing heavily. His father really was on top of things, sending
'Guess so.'
The merman nodded, clearly proud of himself. ‘TV,’ he replied. ‘Have you ever seen
of wings… That’s the worst thing an angel can do to themselves, and Castiel’s wings are…well. Either way, you both attract the wrong sort of attention.’
‘Except me,’ Dean grumbled.
‘Special… No! I don’t… Never mind. In my storage unit, there is a box marked “Halloween.” In that box is my Ariel costume. Bring it,’ Castiel said as he stripped down. He worried as only silence met him.
Dean smiled, and Castiel blushed lightly, causing Dean’s smile to grow. ‘We’ll have to go swimming together sometime.’
He couldn't stop himself from sticking his free hand down his boxers and giving his hardening member a light squeeze. He really, really shouldn't be doing this. He gripped at Castiel's wing a little harder as he held back a moan.
‘You are so lucky! It looks like he realized pretty quickly that you weren’t food,’ Castiel said as he leaned in to get a closer look, dislodging Muffin from his lap. ‘This could have been a lot worse…’
Castiel blushed as he recalled how happily he had moaned for more, and Balthazar had willingly obliged. He could feel his blush grow deeper as he passed a tree he remembered being pushed up against. As he continued on his way, he wondered why he hadn’t brought Balthazar to his bungalow. And then he remembered Dean’s face from earlier and knew exactly why.
Dean laughed, and Castiel’s heart melted. ‘So, are we still on for tonight?’
‘Not invited,’ Balthazar confirmed.
Gabriel ignored Castiel in favor of watching Sam. He could swim just fine. Fine enough. He could go up and down with scuba gear, and that’s what mattered. ‘Hey! No! Come back!’ He whined as something caught Sam’s attention, making the tall man rush toward the old pier.
Without Seraphiel blocking him, Castiel could judge the other angel’s true size, and he was…small. Smaller than any other angel he had met. Small, swift, and deadly. He finally understood how one angel could have caused so much damage.
‘Y’got it?’
‘Wouldn’t have been as satisfying,’ she distractedly replied. ‘There’s a couple news vans out there…’
Gabriel stared at Sam as he remembered how they had gotten on this line of thought. ‘You sure about that? As of two hours ago, I have that room all to myself. No prying eyes… No interruptions… Just you and me getting to know each other better.’
‘We’ve been invited to dinner. Free dinner. From Crowley,’ Gabriel said in slow uncertainty.
‘It’s no problem. Trust me, it’s cheaper if I take a look at it here.’ Dean moved his hand forward slightly and gave Castiel a reassuring smile. ‘What’s the worst that can happen? I can’t fix it, and it gets towed. C’mon.’
‘Oh, right! Sorry!’ Dean said in a rush, taking Castiel’s hand in his. ‘Here, let’s get you a new one of those… I keep getting distracted trying out new spells…’
‘Yeah, about that...’
'Hey, guys,' Gabriel cut in with a yawn. 'Can we discuss all this in the morning? Over food? Y'know?
Castiel bit his lip as he waited for Dean. ‘I need somewhere to hide,’ he said. ‘And not the panic room.’
He heard another eruption of laughter and decided it was time to face Jody’s interrogation. He sighed as his eyes drifted over his glittery bedhead. Unless he took a shower, there was no hope for it. At least his face was clean. He turned away from the mirror and opened the door.
‘Doesn’t seem like a spell gone wrong,’ Dean pointed out. ‘Just some bad luck and bad communication skills.’
‘Everyone is worried about you,’ Balthazar said. ‘You’re drinking—’
.-.-.-.-.
‘Well…Prague’s when I first…saw him, then I noticed him in Rome,’ Dean replied. ‘At first, I thought it was just a coincidence, but then I saw him in Madrid right after.’
‘No, it’s…’ Gabriel listed his hand, revealing the CD. ‘This isn’t what you think it is.’
Dean’s stomach clenched in apprehension. ‘Does it have anything to do with the whole smiting thing?’ he asked.
Castiel stared, open-mouthed, as fins fused into the shrinking tail and scales shrank to reveal human skin. After the transformation, he was staring at Dean’s very familiar backside. He lightly touched Dean’s shoulder and smiled as Dean turned to face him. ‘That was amazing! What happens to all of your bones? Can I get an x-ray?’ he asked as he began running his hands over Dean’s thigh.
His heart raced at the implications. A true cross between a mammal and a fish. It was the discovery of a lifetime! What would they name it? What species was it related to? He needed to speak to Dean and find out just what it looked like. Was the ferry still running?
‘Hello, Father,’ Castiel greeted.
it was about me,’ Gabriel said as he narrowed his eyes. ‘Whatever. I can’t…deal with you on top of all this right now. One thing at a time. Just…go stave off Cas’s meltdown while I enjoy my own,’ he said before opening the door and entering Sam’s room.
Gabriel frowned at Crowley and his eyes narrowed. ‘The fucking cake.’
‘Well,
‘How’d you meet them?’ Charlie asked as she leaned on the tall desk.
Dean blushed lightly and shoved the ex-Walkman back in his pocket. 'I worked with what I had!' he said defensively.
‘If you hug any tighter, I’m gonna die. Again.’
Dean nodded before vanishing.
Crowley let his arm drop with a shrug. ‘Lots of people work for me.’
Castiel blushed. He returned Dean’s smile. ‘I…I like the sound of that…’
‘This is so fucked up!’ Dean growled into his hands.
?’ Sam said as he watched Gabriel.
‘I’m not gonna eat a fuckin’ demon, Bobby,’ Dean said, facing Bobby. ‘But I need some sorta vice right now. I’m getting chips, pie, beer, pretzels, dip, and some cookie dough.’
'And it's working,' Gabriel said. 'There's definitely a ghost in there.'
‘I fought it! I shouldn’t have fought it!’ Castiel cried as he shook his head. He allowed Dean to pull his wings aside. He sniffed as fingers lightly ran through his hair.
‘Well, he has a lot on his plate right now,’ Balthazar explained. ‘Cassie’s not used to stress. Used to be, the TV would break, and he’d go ballistic.’
‘I’ve had worse,’ Castiel said with a shrug. ‘I thought it was supposed to be special.’
Gabriel crossed his arms as he sat back, feathers bristled as he kept readjusting his wings in embarrassment. ‘Cas did it, too,’ he said grudgingly.
Above Dean, Castiel stilled.
Castiel leaned heavily against Dean and sighed. ‘No. Sorry. This is...a lot to take in. I don’t regret jumping you that night.’
Sam’s eyes flicked between Dean and the group of people on the other side of the room. He lowered his voice before speaking again. ‘Dean, please… Just
The past year had been weird for Sam and Dean. Especially for Dean. Castiel had never left his side during his recovery. But the moment Dean was given the all clear, Castiel had vanished for a week. At first, Dean thought that he had been dumped. Then the news reports and rumors came in. The organization that had captured and tortured him had been uprooted and hunted down. The effort had been so well-coordinated that Dean had no doubt in his mind that Castiel and the other ‘angels’ had been planning it since his hospitalization.
‘You gave me my in!’ Gabriel replied, grinning wildly. ‘This is perfect! We get to go back to the original plan! Sure, we don’t have our corpse, but I’m sure you’ve got connections that can hook us up with some cool pics.’
Sam smiled as he leaned over the side of the tub. His fins spread, framing him, and his smile widened at the slight intake of breath from Gabriel. He closed his eyes and sighed happily as Gabriel’s lips pressed softly against his own.
‘Please tell me the rooms don’t look like this,’ Gabriel whispered.
‘But speaking of special, I
Ash shrugged, his wings going with the movement. ‘I was kinda diggin’ my bond. Me ‘n’ Jo had a real groove goin’ on. Like I told her ‘n’ Ellen: I need a new cuff. I’ve studied the spells on it, and all I can come up with is that the Witch’s bloodline is responsible. No other explanation.’
‘You’re setting yourself up for heartbreak, Cas,’ Balthazar warned. ‘What’s gonna happen when we leave?’
'You're gonna make me sprain an ankle, Sammy!' he whined, flitting his wings.
Castiel shied away as Lucifer stroked his hair. It was true. Lucifer had been nothing but kind to him. Treated him well, spoke kindly to him… Castiel had to keep reminding himself that Lucifer had ordered him to kill Sam. As much as he wanted to leave and return to Dean, he didn’t think he’d be able to face the Hunter. Not after what he’d done. He shivered as Lucifer’s hand settled over the binding cuff on his wrist.
Charlie shrugged helplessly. ‘It’s a living.’
‘What’s not working right?’ Sam asked as he entered the room.
Castiel closed his eyes as he enjoyed the sensations he was feeling. ‘Gabriel had already shot me twice since last night… I feel that I am justified.’
Castiel’s lips parted, and he wasn’t able to stop the small moan that escaped. ‘I…I have been given permission to…fraternize,’ he said, barely above a whisper. His mind momentarily panicked when Dean drew back. Was that all that Dean had wanted? The potential taboo? But that couldn’t be right. Not from what Dean had just said. His thoughts came to a grinding halt at the wicked grin Dean was giving him.
Sam began gathering up the dirty dishes, but stopped as Bobby took them from him and nodded his head to the door leading to the lobby. He turned and found Gabriel lingering in the half-open doorway. He smiled as Gabriel gave him an embarrassed smile and a shrug.
‘You’re not unnatural,’ Dean quickly stated. ‘So, don’t say it. You’re just different.’
Castiel blushed and buried his face in his hands, nodding. His wings flicked out and bristled in anticipation.
‘Oh!’ One thought, and he was naked from the waist up. He looked over his shoulder and gave a cheeky grin when Dean gasped. ‘Is that better?’
Dean dropped beneath the water as soft laughter filled his ears. Castiel was inviting Balthazar to fight for his affections. He was encouraging him! He gave a distressed cry as he swam as fast as he could toward the open ocean.
‘C-Cas…?’ Gabriel took a step forward, his eyes darted back and forth between Sam and Castiel.
‘I know.’
Dean said his goodbye to Sam and turned to Castiel. 'So, uh... I gotta go get my brother,' he said. 'Will you be alright?'
Castiel choked out a sob as he lost the fight against the command. He felt his power surge through his arm and into Dean. But…there was no scream.
Castiel threw himself face-first onto Dean’s bed. He lay still for a moment before screaming into the sheets, kicking and flapping his wings angrily.
‘Sorta,’ Dean admitted, giving Castiel a small grin. ‘Not used to getting there from this way.’
? Unless he saw
.-.-.-.-.
Karen gave Dean a smile and a shrug. ‘You didn’t know.
Dean smiled at Castiel, the term completely lost on him. ‘That sounds fun. How did it go?’ he asked, trying to get more information without actually having to ask.
Castiel blushed brightly. He had an extra syringe. Would he be able to overpower Gabriel?
‘So where’s Cas’s room?’ Dean asked, staring at the blueprints.
'May I see my brother now?' Castiel politely asked, breaking the silence.
‘Jody, Sam. Sam, Jody,’ Gabriel said, waving his hand between the two. ‘Sam is Dean’s younger brother.’ He licked his lips, wondering if any further explanation was needed. ‘He, uh…works at the hotel I’m staying at.’
‘Live a normal life,’ he explained. ‘Could you walk away? Settle down somewhere; start a family?’
‘And flexible,’ Samandriel added, tilting his head to the side.
‘Don’t be. Just learn to control it,’ Crowley said. He shifted his attention to Dean, cocking his head to the side. ‘You weren’t very surprised… Did you know about this?’
Dean cringed as he heard footsteps quickly approaching from the alley. ‘Shit!’ He hurried to the next alleyway and ran down it. He cautiously peeked around the corner.  The new street was not empty, but there weren’t enough people for him to lose his pursuers. He kept an open eye as he walked out of the alley. He began heading in the direction of his rendezvous point, hoping his luck would hold out. A quick glance behind filled him with relief. No one was following him. He grinned to himself as he looked forward.
.-.-.-.-.
‘Sam’s making margaritas. They’re really good. Never woulda thought someone like
‘I do
Castiel gave Benny a small smile. ‘There’s enough,’ he admitted. ‘Just don’t tell my brother that. I want him swimming in the guilt of getting me fired.’
Dean pushed himself up in confusion. ‘What the hell just happened?!’
‘Dean, I’m right here,’ Sam pointed out.
‘I’d be dead the moment I touched Cas,’ Meg said, crossing her arms, trying to ignore Anna’s smug aura.
Dean sighed. That wasn’t much to go on. ‘That’s a pretty common color combo,’ he said, expressing his disappointment. He and Sam had a younger half-brother that fit that description. About a quarter of his home colony had tails in yellow and green.
‘Distracted by what?’ Gabriel asked as they entered the dining room.
Gabriel let his arms drop. ‘But…but
I understood,’ he explained.
‘Don’t hold your breath,’ Gabriel said with a roll of his eyes.
Castiel shrugged and looked down.
‘Iconic.’
‘My contract—’
Sam’s fins strained against the sides of the tub as Gabriel’s fingers traced his scales. He suppressed a gasp as the fingers made their way to his secondary fins. He tightened his grip on the shower head and closed his eyes. He didn’t want to make any sudden movements or noises to scare Gabriel off, and it got harder the more those fingers teased his fin.
.-.-.-.-.
Sam nodded in sympathy. ‘Yeah, it took me a while to get it, too. But I’m pretty good at computers, now.’
‘Have you ever been the interviewee?’ Sam asked as he let Gabriel led him out of the hotel.
‘Gabriel?’
Dean rolled his eyes. ‘Of course you are.’
a Hunter. You may have been born an angel, but that doesn’t mean you were born to fight.’
‘Well, I’m sure I’ll say more dumb things as we get to know each other.’
want to,’ Dean said. He didn’t ask. He wanted Castiel to decide without being forced by the cuff.
Sam and Dean stared at each other. They had heard of the Campbells, and how they were hunted down until one branch of the family remained. One final push from a small army of demons and monsters, and none remained. There were rumors that one survived, but everyone had thought it was just a story to tell children. That no matter what, one of the brave Campbells was still out there, fighting to protect humanity. Apparently, there were still a couple Campbells running around, fighting monsters.
Castiel nodded. ‘We’ve found a possible solution.’
‘There’s no point…’
Castiel rubbed his back and hissed, pulling his hand away. ‘It’s still in there.’
‘No… Uh… Where we’re from, we’re used to…dating multiple people at the same time,’ Sam carefully replied as he stepped off the ladder. ‘He would actually think it was weird if Castiel
‘Upbringing,’ Sam replied.
He held his breath and he lightly touched the soft, black feathers. He waited to see if Castiel would awaken. When he was certain that he was in the clear, he gently ran his fingers through the feathers. He almost jumped when the wing he was caressing stretched out. He continued to gently run his hand along the length of the wing once it settled back down.
The young man grinned. 'Gimme some sugar, baby,' he said gruffly.
wear tacky makeup,’ Castiel insisted, giving Balthazar a half-hearted glare.
‘Only if
‘So diving with sharks would not be a good date idea,’ Castiel said, careful to keep the disappointment from his voice. Only fellow researchers would join him in the shark cage. It was a fact that he had grown used to. Not even Balthazar would join him.
,’ Sam said with a laugh. ‘You’re here for a while. There’ll be plenty of time.’
‘We were just finishing up,’ Jody said over the sounds of rustling fabric and clasps.
Dean picked up a piece of bacon and sniffed at it. ‘So far, so good,’ he replied. ‘But uh… How do they breathe? Or are they just not showing that part?’
Gabriel bit his lip and looked up at Sam. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see that Dean was also looking at him in interest. ‘The Campbell family was hunted down,’ he replied with difficulty. He didn’t want Sam to know. Sam was happier not knowing his family history. ‘Everyone thinks it was ‘cuz they were good at their job, but it…it…’
‘It’s…a video dildo? I don’t know!’ Gabriel wailed miserably. ‘Apparently Crowley has one of his wife. Only reason
hallway, in
Gabriel nodded along as he watched Sam strip down. The way the sun hit Sam’s body, showing off every curve and dip, every muscle… Every change in skin tone. He hadn’t noticed the odd tan lines that ran the length of Sam’s legs before. Sam went to the back of the boat and stepped onto the seat, and Gabriel frowned as he realized what Sam had in mind. ‘Wait. Skinny dipping? In the
‘Why the fuck are
‘And you’re still
‘So how’d you find out?’ Gabriel asked, propping himself onto his elbows.
‘Poseidon,’ Lucifer lightly interrupted.
‘I figured “colony” was as good as any,’ Sam replied. ‘Or tribe? I dunno…’
‘Huh?’
Castiel stiffened as he sucked in a breath.
something out there,’ Gabriel groaned as he trudged onto dock. He pushed his hair back and crossed his arms, frowning at the camera.
Castiel shrugged. The nervousness was drifting back, turning his stomach. What was going to happen when he got home? Would he ever get home? He didn’t have a proper job anymore. He would probably end up losing the apartment. The royalties from his stock photos and film wouldn’t be enough to cover it. He would have to find somewhere cheaper if he was going to support himself and Dean. Muffin wouldn’t be happy—he didn’t like change.
‘Do you want me to take them out?’
‘Uh…actually…yeah,’ Sam reluctantly admitted. ‘On the receipt, he wrote down that I should talk to you.’
‘Yeah, I’ll let him know,’ Dean replied with a shrug. Balthazar’s hand had yet to leave Castiel’s shoulder, and Dean’s eyes were glued to it in dismay. He should have known that Castiel would have gone back to his old mate. He was back to being the fun fling. The one others went to when they wanted to have some cheap fun before settling down. He didn’t even get a chance to
A chipper-sounding ring erupted, and Castiel gave an irritated sigh. He stood up and made his way to the bedroom where his phone lay on the bed. He picked it up and wandered back into the living room, staring at the name of the caller. He glanced at Dean and back at his phone. Biting his lip, he answered it. ‘Yes, Balthazar?’
He managed to shove Dean out the door and slammed it shut before turning to face his brother. ‘This is so fucked up!’ he moaned as he moved to sit on the bed. ‘I don’t care if you don’t believe me, but they’re fish! Awful, rotten, lying, fish that lure unsuspecting men to their doom! Just like sirens! They’re evil sirens bent on ruining my sanity!’
job right, I wouldn’t have to improvise,’ Dean snipped back.
. Not what I try to be. It’s relaxing to not…
‘I want to believe him, but…’
Castiel’s eyes went wide and his cheeks turned bright red just before he slammed the door.
time,’ Gabriel said with a small huff. He closed his eyes and drifted to sleep with Sam’s fingers still gently lacing through his hair.
Castiel grimaced and shook his head. ‘Please, Gabriel. Just leave it.’
‘Don’t compare
‘Then get it under control,’ Crowley replied without missing a beat. He snapped his fingers at the young woman still leaning against the front door. ‘Meg, be dear and bring in the case.’
angel, but I can't have one. Is that it?'
‘What if I don’t
Castiel looked at the floor and took a deep breath. Without looking up, he fully entered the kitchen. He flinched at the shattering crash that came from Karen's direction.
?’ Dean asked, his frustration showing. ‘I’ve been trying, and nothing looks like it would work.’
Dean had smiled charmingly and offered his hand as he asked her to dance. Having to hold Ms. Skrims so close made Dean wished he never had to smell anything ever again. At least it made his job of planting the bug easier. He reached up and touched one of her earrings, saying how lovely they were and how well they framed her face. The small bug stuck to the earring and Dean smiled to himself.
him. ‘How…?’
The room was very plain compared to Crowley’s, but still just as lavish with its bay window and large flatscreen mounted on the wall. A quick sweep of the room, and Dean found Castiel sitting on the edge of his bed, shaking and hugging himself.
was awesome on hunts. She was great at tracking, and she could hold her own in a fight. Why were Gabriel and Castiel so...useless? Sure, Gabriel was powerful, but he used his gifts for goofing off. And Castiel was definitely educated on everything you needed to know for hunting, but, apparently, the angel had absolutely no real world experience.
‘Marine biologist looking at the discovery of a lifetime?’ Charlie finished. She nodded in understanding before looking up at Sam. ‘You
‘All my Halloween costumes have been water related. Shark…shark attack victim…jellyfish… I uh… I went as Ariel during college. Won a contest,’ Castiel replied. He rolled the beer bottle between his hands as he waited for Dean’s reaction.
‘I’m a light sleeper,’ Sam replied. ‘Comes with being…me.’
Gabriel resorted to tracking down Dean for answers. He found Dean bent over the engine of the Impala. ‘De-ean!’ he whined as approached.
Castiel shoved the phone in his pocket. He sent a silent 'thank you' to Gabriel.
‘At present…protection.’
Sam rolled his eyes with a huff. ‘Maybe if you did your job right, I wouldn’t have to remind you.’
‘Turn around, dammit!’ Dean shouted in frustration. His breath caught as the man did turn around, a soft smile on his face as he handed a small pastry to the young girl he had helped.
bad,’ Sam pointed out, ‘with how sheltered he is.’
‘I’m trusted!’ Gabriel said with a triumphant shout, raising his arms. ‘Wait. Hey, I’m not your employee!’
‘I came to get you,’ Gabriel replied.
‘You stayed up all night watching cartoons?’ Sam asked.
Sam had to know if they were really dealing with Seraphiel. If they were, then he wanted to be prepared for the worst. Later that night, he called Ruby and met up with her just outside Bobby's property.
Castiel dropped his pillow and jumped at Lucifer. The moment his fingers brushed Lucifer’s chest, a crippling pain shot up his left arm. He crumpled to the floor, cringing and screaming. He sobbed as the pain eased, feeling Lucifer softly stroking his wing. He folded his wings as tight as he could and tried to push himself away from Lucifer.
‘And that worked out just peachy, didn’t it?!’ Dean spat.
Dean stared back, his hand raised to knock on the door. ‘Uh…’ His gaze drifted down and rested on the manikin gripped tightly in Castiel’s arms. ‘Morning…’
‘I know,’ Crowley said distractedly. ‘You’ve always been good at testing new security. All I have to do is tell you not to do something.’
‘Um, hi,’ Jo said with a small wave.
Castiel spun around, seething. ‘I would appreciate it if you did not stare at me without my permission.’
Gabriel let out a sob as pain ran down his spine. He could feel the blood dripping down his chin, and his vision was blurring. If he could fight it just a little longer, maybe he would pass out from the pain. A hand guided his chin so that he faced Sam. He saw moving lips, but couldn’t hear what was being said. But he did feel another jolt from the cuff. He clamped his eyes shut, and trembled in Sam’s hold. He opened his mouth to beg the Hunter to stop, but what came out was far from a plea.
‘Oh, my God,’ Castiel muttered as he buried his face in his hands in embarrassment. ‘You didn’t have to tell them.’
This chapter has a mention of past non-con of the consent-revoked variety. The only real detail about it is in the paragraph after ‘He suppressed a shudder as Alastair's laugh echoed through the memory.’
send Gabriel, either. However we do this, we can’t let Castiel know.’
‘Okay, so it never came up, but… Five years, Cas.
!’ Gabriel waggled his brows suggestively. ‘What other wonders does this magical land hold? Could it possibly be the new home for a…
the one that fucked up your wing! You…you
Dean pouted in disappointment. ‘What, was she an office drone?’
was empty of any fish. Maybe he could get some fish that Dean liked to eat. ‘I’ll have to stock the fish tank. Are feeder fish okay, or do you need something more substantial?’ he asked quietly.
Some dialogue lifted from S4E19.
Lucifer smirked without looking up. ‘Made you la—ow.’ He rubbed his shoulder and looked up in time to see Michael’s back disappear behind the door separating their offices. ‘Does this mean you’re speaking to me again? Or was this just business?’ He huffed dejectedly when he was met with silence.
‘She dies. She loses the prince to some other woman,’ Castiel explained. ‘She’s given a chance to save herself by killing him, but she doesn’t. Instead, she throws herself into the sea and becomes a spirit.’
‘And not everyone will take the change too well,’ Sam added.
Gabriel quickly dragged Castiel from the room, leaving Sam and Dean alone.
Dean nodded in agreement as he looked out the window. He regretted not getting his kissing buddy’s phone number. Not that it mattered. He and Sam would be out of the country by nightfall.
‘Why did you let them do this to you?’ Castiel whispered. ‘You could have escaped. Fought them off…’
Sam laughed in relief as he relaxed. Of all the things Gabriel could have said… ‘It’s been three years since I was last in the ocean,’ he replied, shaking his head. ‘I don’t need it.’
‘The other night, I wasn’t hiking up and down mountains!’ Gabriel sank to the ground as he caught his breath. ‘And it wasn’t this humid, either…’ He pulled at his shirt and made a disgusted face as the fabric clung to his chest. ‘God, I’m so sweaty.’
‘I-I was really high at the time,’ Castiel stuttered. ‘I don’t get high anymore! I can’t. They do drug testing where I…used to…work… And it’s not like—’
‘Yeah, and you sleep the whole night,’ Dean said. He ran his hands along Castiel’s hips and thighs. ‘At first, I thought you were dead, but you were still breathing.’
After four more takes, one where a gust of wind blew Gabriel’s hair into his face, Charlie deemed them ready to move on to the next scene.
Sam laughed. ‘I have
‘Uh…last time I was in a dive bar, it got a little…stabby,’ he explained.
Dean didn't know what he should say. He was a Hunter. It was what Hunters did. Hunt monsters, catch and bind an angel. He looked to Sam for some sort of clue.
He caught the quiet, distressed click that slipped from Dean and quickly reached down to cup Dean’s face in his hands. ‘No, no, no! Nothing bad! I just… I need to talk about this!
The corner of Dean’s mouth quirked up slightly. ‘So, watcha doin’?’
Sam sat at the small table and propped his elbows on the table. He smirked at the indignant grunt that came from behind him. ‘Something wrong?’ he asked innocently.
Charlie rubbed Gabriel’s back and shushed him. ‘He’ll get over it,’ she assured him. ‘He just needs to let off some steam.’
‘Any word from Cas?’ Balthazar asked as he took a seat next to Gabriel.
‘Fine,’ Castiel replied distractedly. ‘I wish I had access to an x-ray machine…’ He walked past his brother and stopped in front of the dining room door.
?’ said Crowley’s partially muffled voice.
sanity, baby brother... Please switch tactics,' was his mental reply. Aloud, he said, 'We're getting those cinnamon frosting things, right?'
Dean closed his eyes and let the tears fall as he took what little comfort he could from the small contact. It was probably for the best. He was so tired. Tired of everything. Tired of the lies. Tired of the pain. Tired of his shitty life. He just wished he could have had a last meal. ‘Please,’ he whispered. ‘At least… before…before you… One kiss?’
Sam crossed his arms on the table and leaned forward.
happening. But everyone else seemed so interested in knowing how and why Dean was suddenly back.
But…with his track record, he couldn’t really afford to have flings. Or any sort of a real relationship. They always ended up being spies themselves, kidnapped, or worse, killed. His last girlfriend had ended up in the witness protection program.
‘Er…local bar?’ Gabriel looked back at Sam and forced a smile. ‘It’s not an insult. It’s just…what they’re called? Cas goes to ‘em all the time. He didn’t even bat an eye when the guy came at him with a knife!’
‘I have the same reaction with
‘Do they expect the glitter-covered shells, too?’ Castiel asked. He watched in amusement as Sam blushed. Apparently, Sam knew his collection was not expected of a male human. He turned his gaze to Charlie and watched as she pointedly stared at the shirt she held, and he just what sort of things she collected. An arm wrapped around him, and his thoughts drifted to the inevitable collection he would be forced to put up with. Maybe he could guide Dean to collect more tasteful items.
‘Then sleep on the couch!’
Gabriel winced. ‘Sorry. But you had a
‘Of course not. I’m very careful about who knows about what I did in college,’ Castiel replied.
‘We understand,’ Bobby answered.
Castiel pulled himself up and looked over to his phone resting on the nightstand.
‘How can you just brush it off like that?!’ Dean demanded.
Benny sighed as he tossed a small rock overboard and moved to the aft end of his boat. He sat back against the railing, crossing his arms. ‘Think of it as Dean’s version of a dozen roses.’
When Charlie reached the lobby, she was a little surprised to see Sam sitting behind the front desk, bent over a map and making marks with a Sharpie. She smiled awkwardly as she approached him. She cleared her throat and Sam looked up. ‘Hey,’ she said, waving her hand.
Castiel caught himself on the edge and turned to look over his shoulder. Just near his feet was the tail he had been chasing. He stumbled forward as he followed it up, taking in every detail. The same scales that adorned his necklace…fins that had the texture of a marine mammal. The fins that ran the length of tail were like the stretched skin of a bat’s wings. He was staring at an impossibility. A beautiful, amazing impossibility.
Gabriel grinned as he hopped onto Sam’s bed to pull his pants off. ‘Stop worrying about them!’ he whined as he tossed his clothing into the corner.
Castiel stared at the floor. ‘I…I got drunk,’ he quietly admitted.
Crowley crossed his arms, smirking at Dean. ‘Mommy dearest was a Campbell. Mary Campbell, daughter of Samuel and Deanna Campbell.’
Crowley shrugged in response. ‘He only ever went to the kitchen.’
?! Dean, you are playing with fire here!’ Sam quickly strode to his window and shut it then drew the curtains before facing Dean.
found him. An older woman of around fifty, but she looked at least sixty—probably from sampling the goods, Dean thought to himself. She reeked of a floral perfume and wore heavy makeup. Dean noted how it looked like she had bleached her hair that morning.
Castiel stared at the floor. Gabriel had really covered for him. Gabriel was risking his relationship with Sam by doing so. He would have to figure out something special to do for Gabriel later. He smiled up at Dean. ‘Yes,’ he said. ‘I’ll see you tonight.’
helped! It wasn’t
‘Just…just release me and be done with it,’ Castiel mumbled, not bothering to look at Dean.
Castiel nodded and pulled Dean’s arm over his shoulder as he helped Dean to stand. ‘Very well. But after, you
Gabriel yawned as he watched Anna carefully arrange the branches of trees. She would wrap a bit of string to a branch then tug it into position before tying the other end off. As much as he had argued against altering the scenery, he had to admit that the small clearing looked even better. Light poured in from above where Anna had cleared a makeshift spotlight, and the branches she was currently working on framed a small waterfall in the background.
Castiel nodded and looked down. ‘I didn’t mean to lead you on,’ he whispered. ‘I didn’t really think anything…
A quiet coughing caught their attention, and Gabriel whined softly as Sam pulled away. They looked over to see Charlie smirking at them.
‘What do I do?’ Dean whispered when Charlie came up to his side.
‘Don’t tell
Gabriel pulled Sam back down. ‘Yeah. Which is why I can’t just ignore it. Takes effort to throw ‘em that far and have ‘em be safe.’
. And Gabriel's...well,
Crowley’s mouth snapped shut, and he paled at letting the admission slip. There it was. His freedom. Slipping away into the void.
‘Well, you do have the dress for it,’ Dean said with a cheeky grin. ‘My pretty princess,’ he said with a laugh as he hugged Castiel close and kissed his neck.
‘He did that under orders,’ Crowley pointed out.
Uriel opened his one good eye. ‘Anna. So, you
‘Lie down,’ Dean said as he stood. ‘I’ll get you some aspirin.’
Gabriel snapped his wings shut, but they remained puffed up. He seethed as the cuff sent reminding tingles up his arm. Oh, how he wanted to hurt Dean and save his little brother.
'Then you should get along great. Y'know, ebony and ivory, perfect harmony, and all that crap?'
'No,' Sam growled.
Gabriel and Castiel sat across from each other at the kitchen table. Gabriel looked completely frustrated, and Castiel was sporting a bewildered stare. His eyes flicked back and forth between Gabriel and Dean.
‘I can get the rest of the warding,’ Meg said, stepping up.
, not what’s going on around you. It’s
Jimmy bit off a moan and gripped Dean tighter. ‘I… Please, don’t worry about it,’ he said softly, letting Dean guide him across the dance floor. He had been trained for physical torture, but not
‘This is not necessary, Gabriel,’ Castiel said from behind the door.
‘If you’re implying I raped my wife, then you are sorely mistaken,’ Crowley ground out. ‘She came to me because she had heard angels could work for my law firm and be protected from Hunters. She had a small child to raise on her own. She couldn’t afford to be bound to a Hunter.’
Dean turned around, tossing the chalk onto a nearby dresser. He dusted off his hands and grinned at Castiel. ‘That should keep out any demons or angels,’ he said.
‘Considerin’ you made it home all right? No,’ Bobby replied. ‘They’re not known for going after operatives.’
‘For me to stay with you,’ Dean said uncertainly. ‘Is that…still okay?’
this?!’ Castiel screamed after Lucifer commented on his small battle with a vampire. He hugged himself as he backed away from Lucifer.
belongs to Castiel. Only shiny thing I wanna wear is my badge.’
‘Does this annoy you?’ Sam asked sweetly.
‘Few…’ Sam stared Castiel as he tried to process what was being said.
Dean glared up Gabriel. ‘
'Next to the sink, dear,' Karen sweetly replied, not taking her eyes off of Gabriel. Karen eventually shifted her gaze to Sam. 'You take good care of him,' she said in a warning tone.
‘Not to be a douche that quotes songs, but uh, Cas? Shut up and kiss me.’
… He’s just…a lot of shit has happened lately, and he’s reached the tipping point,’ Gabriel explained. ‘When he finally snaps, just ride it out, and be ready to duck. He packs a mean punch.’
‘That was
‘He teased me with his tail while I was filming—we’ll have to destroy the film,’ Castiel said. ‘I thought he was your sea serpent… When I had to go up for the spare tank, he…he left a barracuda on my equipment…’
Crowley looked between the two and shook his head as he directed his attention back to the blueprints. ‘As I was saying… There are several backdoors and unguarded entrances. Once we get in, there are more than enough hidden passages to safely navigate the building,’ he explained, pointing out several doorways.
Lemme know if there's any glaring plot holes. I was already using the wrong name for one established character, so there's a good chance I screwed something else up, too.
Crowley frowned at his empty glass before looking to his wife. ‘What language?’
‘So they can’t just barge in.’
Castiel slouched, giving his brother a disbelieving frown. 'Her wings are so
‘Well, I’m sure our little Cassie sees it that way. Right, Castiel?’
Castiel smiled in amusement. ‘Probably the bath scene.’
‘He had a bit of a god complex for about half a year. Then he set fire to the fourth floor because he didn’t like the color of the curtains. The building was mostly evacuated for about two years,’ Crowley said. ‘It was not a good time. My profits were cut by about ten percent.’
Castiel looked back down. ‘No. But I can feel it.’
Light torture.
‘What? Don’t understand what?’ Dean asked.
Castiel shifted uncomfortably. ‘
‘Yeah. Helps you make a good fist… Give a harder punch. And, depending on who you talk to, might be a little on this side of cheating,’ Dean replied.
? You can kill me off in the end,' he offered.
‘Don’t you think he would have noticed that the walls are thicker than normal?’ Bobby asked.
Castiel took Dean’s hand off the mouse and held it. ‘You need sleep,’ he insisted. ‘You can continue your search in the morning.’
‘Woah! You okay?’ Dean said as Castiel ran into his chest.
is doing.’
‘Then you have to
A collective groan drifted through the small film crew.
give us more footage to work with. Our artist’ll have more options for our monster’s look.’
‘Promise me,’ Gabriel whispered. ‘Promise me you’ll keep the bloodspell in it and destroy your notes.’ He stared pleadingly at Sam.
‘Goodbye.’
‘I can find somewhere else to stay,’ Castiel suggested. ‘I think Crowley knows someone at the Four Seasons. I could get a room over there, and you could just call whenever you need me.’
Dean looked from the kitten to Castiel.
Crowley wordlessly left the room and returned with the demon-killing knife. He advanced on Lucifer, his eyes glowing red, and his face that of pure rage. He paused when Michael’s hand came into his field of vision, held out and waiting. He blinked a few times before his eyes return to a human look. He looked away, eyes catching on Castiel. Distracted by what he saw, he held out the hilt for Michael.
Castiel smirked as he pushed Dean back down. ‘A favor from Gabriel,’ he replied.
.-.-.-.-.
‘Er…a uh…editing position doesn’t make up for uh…’ Gabriel coughed and looked away.
strange. ‘I collect them?’
Castiel sighed and stared at the ceiling. ‘I can call back later,’ he offered.
Castiel reluctantly looked up. ‘I…I would…’ He swallowed and bit his lip. ‘I would like to stay with Dean. If he…if everyone understands what it means…the threat…then…yes. I want to stay.’
Sam cringed, trying to block out the noise. ‘Is it Dean?’
. And how was Castiel supposed to perform his drunken tirades when he was sleeping with proof of a mythological creature’s existence? As he thought about it, mermaids still didn’t make sense. If he were drunk, he would probably just angrily go off on how impossible they were. Charlie could easily edit the footage to remove anything that might slip.
‘Crowley has worked very hard at keeping the world from knowing that he’s a simple Scotsman,’ Castiel explained, earning a glare from the man in question.
'I dunno if I could read that. I mean, it just wouldn't be right without John Wayne,' said Gabriel.
Castiel shook his head. ‘There’s no point. You’re filming interviews, and I’m not needed for that, and I…’ He quickly looked between Balthazar and Dean. ‘I uh…need some time alone to…figure things out.’
‘I told y—‘
Castiel shook his head and sat on the floor in front of Dean. ‘No… No, it’s fine. More than fine! It’s just… Muffin doesn’t like people. For the most part.’ He reached over and scratched behind Muffin’s ears, earning a pleased meow. He smiled softly as Muffin left Dean’s lap and settled in his. He looked up to find Dean staring at him intensely, a warm smile on his lips.
Castiel blushed deeply and ducked his head as he entered the dining room. Both Balthazar and Meg were giving him identical grins. He pulled his wings in tight when Meg held up a dust bin and shook it. The sound of broken glass filled the room and Balthazar’s grin widened. ‘S-shut up!’ Castiel shouted, turning to leave the room.
do you propose to break it to him without causing a meltdown?’
Dean moaned softly as his hips rose of their own accord to brush against Castiel. He shivered at the sensation. He was so much more
'No,' Castiel replied. He shifted his attention to Gabriel. 'Father wants us to return home.'
in his room, then they’ll fucking
‘The link demands more than just obedience in order to work,’ Karen patiently explained. ‘You have to
‘So…no prior warning?’
Sam sat down at the picnic table and leaned his head on his hand. He wanted to take Gabriel up on his offer. He
Dean smiled tentatively. ‘Yeah. So, uh…this gay sex thing sounds like it works the same as us? Just…everything’s on the outside.’
Castiel smiled and pecked Dean’s lips. ‘It’s okay. I’ve got plenty of experience. I’ll show you.’ He pressed forward again, blindly aiming for Dean’s mouth. He caught the side and kissed his way to the front, nipping and sucking. He gently bit down on Dean’s lower lip and tugged on it. He giggled when Dean pushed him down and joined in the kiss.
look a lot better compared to yesterday. And the mussed hair certainly helped. He barely suppressed the low whistle forming. He coughed and cleared his throat in an attempt to cover the soft click that had escaped. ‘Hey, there, Cas. Feeling better?’
‘Is something wrong?’ Castiel asked, setting his luggage and cat carrier next to Gabriel. He looked back at the small boat that was being unloaded by the rest of the small TV crew. His eyes met Balthazar’s and he quickly looked away. Balthazar was being civil, very cold and standoffish.
‘Uh… Well, I… I can’t say,’ Gabriel said uncomfortably. ‘They’re getting along really well. Like…really, really well. Almost like old times. But I don’t think you’re out of the game!’
! Everyone’s a goddamned mermaid, and I’m the last to find out!’ He tossed the jacket at Castiel’s face and huffed as he crossed his arms.
Dean glared at her. ‘No!’ He shouted before leaving to find Castiel. He felt like he was on the verge of making a breakthrough. He should have written everything down.
‘Pouvons-nous vous rejoindre?’ one of the women hollered back.
Dean looked over as movement caught his eye, and his smile grew wider. Crowley had been right—it looked like all Castiel really needed was a good night’s sleep. Castiel
Castiel gently pried Dean’s fingers from his tie. He gave a light kiss to the bandaged fingers as he stared into Dean’s eyes and smiled softly.
, I’m Captain Coyote. I got to dance around with all the other critters. Then I took photos of the cast in compromising positions.’
Gabriel nodded. ‘I’m trying. I thought I could get past the weirdness of it, but uh… I keep getting these flashes of this story Cas told about that guy and the dolphin, and…well,’ he trailed off as he sat back on his heels.
‘Heya, Daddy-o!’ Gabriel added, poking his head out from behind Dean. ‘For the record, I had nothing to do with this! For once.’
Castiel’s wings flared out as he struggled to pull his arm away. ‘Let me go!’ he screamed as Lucifer began chanting. His wrist felt like it was on fire. He let out a sob as the burning twisted deep into his skin and to the bone. Finally, Lucifer released him, and he hugged his wrist close. He quickly backed away and tried to examine what Lucifer had done. His wrist was bleeding profusely from what looked like a spell similar to the binding cuff.
Jimmy cocked his head to the side in confusion as Dean begged him repeatedly. He reached out and carefully cupped Dean’s cheek. ‘Everything will fine,’ he promised. ‘It’s over now.’
, so you sleep on the floor?’ Sam said, smiling. ‘Shouldn’t you be making
Sam lightly touched Gabriel’s shoulder and smiled when the shorter man looked up at him. ‘It’s fine. And for the record, Gabe
Gabriel looked around frantically. ‘N-no,’ he whispered. He reached out to Castiel, pleading for him to stay. ‘W-what’s the point of leaving? Sam and Dean are the last of the Campbells…and Cas is a halfbreed…,’ he winced as Castiel flinched at the word, ‘so…what’s the point?’
Gabriel’s legs were covered in tape and holsters. From what little skin that showed, Sam could tell the other agent must have waxed his legs. Piece by piece, Sam removed knives, guns, bullets, darts, small needles, a
Sam rolled his eyes before hefting Gabriel off of the window sill and into his arms. ‘Dean might know something that would work,’ he suggested. ‘If he was able to make the cuff work for Cas, then…maybe he came across something that would lessen he effects on a normal angel.’
Dean giggled and tugged Castiel closer. ‘What, a date or flirting?’
Castiel pointed to the tail. ‘They did their research this time. I’ll give them that. That’s a very convincing scar from a shark bite, but they’re trying to mix mammal and fish. The tail fin is horizontal. It’s…a nice picture? Very convincing. I’m sure it’ll look great on your show.’
Dean raised his brow at Sam and nodded his head in Gabriel’s direction.
‘No! What are you—?! Stop looking at my stuff! Oh, my God! Stop smelling the bed!  Well, what do
‘Not being productive,’ Castiel replied in a clipped tone. ‘Now go. Before I change my mind.’
‘And fuckin’ cool! You should do that more often! I think you broke her arm!’ Gabriel said, grinning manically.
‘If you’re still alive, I’m gonna fucking kill you! Over and over!’ he shouted as he finally threw himself over the edge and into the water.
Sam gripped Gabriel’s hips as he stared up at him. His heart beat fast he drew closer to his climax and made up his mind. ‘Yes,’ he whispered. ‘Yes,’ he repeated, raising his voice above Gabriel’s moans. ‘I’ll go with you.’
Gabriel looked over the side of the boat, grinning. His shoulders slumped as reason caught up with him. ‘She’s probably long gone,’ he muttered. He looked up as Sam placed a hand on his shoulder.
Castiel reluctantly left Dean’s arms and wiped at his eyes. ‘I hope you’re always like this,’ Castiel said quietly. ‘There’s an espresso machine in my room. So, yes. Coffee. The
Dean laughed as the young Hunter appeared on screen. ‘Hey, Sammy! Jo’s on TV!’ he shouted.
Castiel shook his head. ‘It’s okay. I understand,’ he said. ‘The warding is down…’ He bit his lip and sent a silent request to Gabriel, and with a snap, Dean and Castiel were on another bed in another room.
Castiel smiled and face Dean. ‘Oh, so you’re going to see him soon. Tell him I want to aim for Monday to do some filming.’
.-.-.-.-.
‘And he gets pissed off about
Gabriel took a deep breath and looked away. ‘Sorry. I didn’t…
Castiel had his chance on a Saturday night. Dean was running out of movies he owned, so he suggested they head down to the campus library to see what they could find. Castiel gradually made his way to the horror section and pulled out the first in a series. He decided on something light to start with. A classic with enough comedy that Dean just might be open to it.
?’ Anna said as she came into the lobby.
‘Don’t people think that’s amusing?’ Castiel asked. His eyes lingered on the bruise Gabriel was sporting on his jaw—he had yet to find out how Gabriel had acquired it, but he had a feeling he had been the cause.
‘The Evil Dead 2,’ Castiel replied as he turned and leaned over the back of the couch. ‘Gabe, tell him my cenobite paintings are cool,’ he whined.
‘Sex,’ Dean replied, not looking up from the book. ‘And reading. I need to know about both.’
And then there was Sam’s brother… He groaned and buried his head in his knees. The news would break Castiel. There was no way that his poor baby brother would take it well. Especially when he wasn’t even open to the idea of the more mythological cryptids.
‘Yeah… Kinda like Cas,’ Gabriel replied. ‘Which is why I’m here… Uh… Can I get that first aid kit?’
, and rumor has it that
‘Well, I’m not giving you a private show, if that’s what you’re hoping,’ Castiel said, crossing his arms and heading toward the water.
Bobby let out a snort. 'Sure, we'll start with you,' he said and went back to his book.
Castiel groaned and squinted up at his brother.
‘Hey! What’s going on?’ Dean called out.
Dean frowned as Castiel’s hand came to rest on his forehead, and his eyes widened in realization. Castiel had been trying to warn him as best he could. Blood slowly seeped out from Castiel’s nose and a tear of blood flowed down his cheek.
keepin’ an tabs on you, then they’ve probably assigned someone else by now.’
Sam slowly turned to Gabriel, blushing a bright crimson. 'W-what?'
Dean frowned at Castiel. ‘I wasn’t aware that there was a musical…’
Dean gave Castiel a doubtful look. ‘I’ll believe it when I see it.’
Castiel smiled to himself as Dean’s arm closed a little more tightly around his shoulder. He had no idea when he had fallen asleep.
‘We should try that out tomorrow,’ Castiel moaned distractedly. He gasped as he was pulled up and hugged tight to Dean’s chest. He moaned at the feeling of Dean’s hard cock pressed against his lower back. He was grateful that Dean was more easily distracted than he was.
Sam laughed and moved so that he was leaned back against the table. ‘That’s just the island. Nothing to do with me.’
had reached her first. The carnage Crowley had caused…,’ Michael trailed off, lost in the memory. ‘Demons would rather run than fight. But Crowley… For a demon to risk their own life…it
Sam and Ruby parted ways, and Dean's eyes followed Sam's path back to the house. A survivor. He must be getting rusty. Dean closed his eyes and shook his head. No. He shouldn't be thinking like that. He flew back to the house, managing to knock over only one pile of books, and curled up in his spot on the floor. He listened as Sam quietly opened the door and entered the old house. Dean could feel Sam's eyes on his back, and he hoped Sam would just let it go. He didn't want to deal with any questions Sam was bound to have in the morning.
‘The Witch’s…? The
Sam nodded and hefted his bag to his other shoulder. 'Right. You two be careful,' he said. He looked to Gabriel. 'Well?'
Benny opened his mouth. ‘No…I didn’t check its sex, but uh…I’m going to guess male,’ he said very carefully. He tried to concentrate on steering the boat to where Dean had instructed him to take the biologist. He shouldn’t have let Dean talk him into this.
He didn’t know if he should be upset, flattered, or embarrassed for Gabriel. He recalled what Dean had told him about what Bobby had said about the Angel Corp agents. He couldn’t bring himself to be angry at Gabriel. The way Dean had made it sound, and from the way Castiel acted, the agents didn’t really understand what was and was not socially acceptable or expected.
‘Well, the cat’s out of the bag, so what sort of harm can he do now?’
‘Figured sending the editing job to him would help serve as an apology, but… I guess not. He finished the job, took his check, and…left.’ Castiel sighed as he stared out the window. ‘Nothing I do is ever good enough.’
‘I know you don’t wanna hear this, but I’m glad you’re out of there.’
brother,’ Castiel said as he carefully set his camera equipment down and took the scuba gear from Dean.
Dean had to stop the appreciative click that was forming as his eyes trailed back up the image to rest on smiling blue eyes. Very familiar blue eyes. He blinked as his brows came together. He looked over at Castiel who was staring at him with a worried expression and chewing on his thumbnail.
‘Please don’t,’ he quietly begged.
As John Winchester learned more of the supernatural, Dean had to become more careful. He had to control the rate in which he healed. He had to sleep now. He used to get away with staying up all night reading, but now John would awaken at the slightest hint of a noise. But it didn't matter. He could adjust. He had a family. He had people to protect. He was happy.
Gabriel was on his way back into the dining room when the lobby door opened, revealing Charlie. He thinned his lips as he stared at her. ‘I still don’t know what to make of you,’ he said.
‘And if he doesn’t believe me?’
‘I volunteered,’ Balthazar cockily replied. ‘Turns out the hazard pay is rather good.’
Gabriel had managed to talk Castiel into staying the night. In the morning, he watched as Castiel listlessly poked around the apartment, gathering his things up.
Dean looked up at Sam in concern. ‘You all right there, Sammy?’
‘This can’t be right,’ Gabriel said, looking up and down the road.
Jody’s face split into a wide grin. ‘Och! Ah dinnae ken where ah left me breeks! C’mere ya’ bonnie numpty an’ give us a nip,’ she said in a very fake, heavy Scottish accent as she leaned against Crowley. She gave his cheek a peck before leaning back.
‘Apparently, he’ll be dating both of us,’ Balthazar said as he entered the hallway. ‘Not that it’s going to matter much longer.’ He knew what Castiel liked to see him wearing, so he dressed appropriately: a dark lightweight jacket, a blue V-neck shirt, and a simple pair of jeans. He straightened the cuffs of his jacket. He looked up and met Anna’s confused stare. ‘What?’
‘Look, he probably forgot,’ Benny said with a sigh. He was trying to be patient with Dean. He really was, but Dean’s persistence on certain matters could get annoying. ‘Getting fired is…stressful for humans, and exes…even more so.’
is a disgusting piece of trash and hate.’
Sam and Dean both jumped in surprise as Castiel shouted.
‘What’s a foreskin?’ Dean asked worriedly. ‘Is it broken? Is that bad?!’
‘Yeah! That’s a fantastic idea!’ Balthazar said with a big grin. ‘Mysterious wreckage at the bottom of the ocean. What sank this ship? Rumor has it, it was a sea dragon.’
Sam shook his head. ‘Let’s just get the damn thing to Bobby.’
got on!’ he said defensively. He bit at his lip as his eyes darted between Dean and Balthazar. He made up his mind and headed onto the pier. ‘Hello, Dean,’ he greeted when he reached the end of the pier. ‘It
‘Sorry.’
There was a sharp intake of breath, and slowly Dean raised his head to find Bobby staring in disgust.
Gabriel stormed out of the kitchen and up to Sam. ‘Is it true?’ he asked.
‘Thank you… I think.’ Balthazar looked around the lobby and caught Sam’s wary gaze. ‘Don’t tell me. Your brother’s afraid of a little completion, so he’s gonna try to kick my ass.’
Dean let out an undignified squawk as he was hoisted up one step then another. ‘Hey! What are you doing?!’
Castiel sucked in a breath. ‘She… There’s no ill-intent. If Meg…’
The latter of which was happening at the Thai restaurant. Castiel kept throwing the pretty waitress glares. It took everything Dean had to not laugh.
‘Yes!’ Dean blushed lightly at his outburst and rubbed at his neck. ‘Er…yeah. That sounds…fun?’
‘Sammy…’
When there was no response, Dean figured he would have to break the door down. And then he realized what he had just said. His stomach tightened at the possibilities. Either Castiel was unconscious or…
Gabriel let out a mournful laugh. ‘So, of course I went with him. He’s my baby brother. He’ll always be my baby brother… I’m supposed to protect him. Keep him safe.’
Besides, Karen was looking forward to the publicity it would bring them. That, and she happened to have a crush on the host of the show.
to get his stupid, fucking
Gabriel frowned as he leaned back. ‘About what?’
Castiel sighed and looked away.
‘So, you like my hands, huh?’ he asked after a moment of silence.
Castiel frowned at the image on the screen. This was not TV. TV had stocks and cartoons. A remote was thrust into his hand. There were...very few buttons.
Dean stared at Castiel, dumbfounded. He looked over to find Sam with a similar look and Gabriel nodding with a manic grin.
Dean left Sam at a motel just outside of a small town. He was thankful that Sam didn’t question him when he said he’d be back by morning. He let Sam think it was stress over being reminded of Hell and losing a relationship with Anna—was he really that much of a horndog? Yeah. He was. He had his vices.
that,’ she said with a sigh. ‘Anyway, it doesn’t matter. Take off that stupid coat. We’ll start with some basic defense.’
He had never felt a sense of lust coming from his imaginary partners before. Maybe he was getting better at lucid dreaming. He was enjoying the sensations when Dean let out a low groan. And then it hit him. It wasn't a dream. Dean really was touching him.
Castiel hugged back. 'I'll do my best,' he promised.
‘I can take care of myself,’ Castiel said as he slouched onto a deck chair and stared at the pair.
knew that. Dean didn’t treat him like a little kid. Dean paid attention to him. Dean listened to him. Dean liked him. And Anna was trying to take that away. If Anna wanted to take what was important to him away, he’d take away what was important to her.
