He would deal with breeding his Omega once he was fully bonded and obedient to his will.  Perhaps keeping Tony’s belly full would keep him compliant and out of trouble.  That was for the near future but for the time being he would enjoy his Omega to the full keeping his holes full of his cock and his cum.
“Move cow, you are going to make a pathway for me through the grass and your milk will provide me with food.”
Sleep well Stevie, dream of me and if you are very good, I will come and release you.”
The President smirked into the camera lens.
Darcy hated the pretty little omega who performed perfectly for his Alphas, tears filled her eyes as she watched them pet and kiss him as he silently came, not a single tremble or twitch of his body to acknowledge his orgasm.
As a reward you have a shower and toilet now, so you can sit to pee and not have to touch yourself.
Once in the penthouse Bucky looked for the best place to secure the omega, if he could not fuck the bitch’s cunt or asshole with his fingers he was going to have to find a different way to amuse himself.  Spotting the large glass coffee table, he lay the omega lengthwise on his back, tying his arms together above his head then forcing his legs wide so he could secure them ankle and knee to the table legs.  The hard edge of the coffee table cut across the omega’s already bruised butt making him writhe and hiss with pain as the pressure mounted.
You belong to Alpha Rogers and he deserves a Beta who is projecting the correct image, that shows her place within his Packs.”
Do not go soft on him, he will not appreciate it.  Treat him as the omega he is now and do not allow him to display any independence, until you are certain he is not going to disobey your rules. l would not breed him until he has a full bond with this baby, you can help that by treating the baby as your own, insist that he breastfeed and care for the baby himself, do not hire a nanny until you are certain he is presenting as fertile and willing, you will stand more chance of successfully impregnating him.
Loki pulled out, cock still hard, using his enhanced strength he quickly maneuvered the heavily pregnant omega on to his back, propping him up on his large mound of cushions.  Straddling his thighs, he guided his cock into the tight heat of Stark’s cunt.  Leaning forward he pushed his sticky fingers in to the panting omega’s mouth, without any prompting Stark’s tongue began to lick them clean.
“Steve put me down, I need to get dressed, not going down there naked. Don’t want them all seeing my jiggly fat!”
It was going to be an important event for both Alpha and Omega in their new positions.  Steve needed to show that he had complete control over Tony and that he could also handle his responsibilities as owner of Stark Industries, it would be all posturing and displays of dominance but he needed to get the board to align with him so that Pepper could be left to run the Company and he to concentrate of the Avengers and his Omega.
Tony couldn’t stop the tears from falling as he was scooped up into Steve’s arms and carried over to the bed as though he weighed nothing, he tried wriggle free, but Steve’s arms were immoveable bands of steel around his body.
Steve smiled at Clint’s antics, now though, it was time for them to go and see their Omega.
He ran his hand over her shorn hair, the high and tight marine cut left little of her still white hair, maybe an ¾ inch on top and a quarter to nothing on the sides, Hawkeye had decidedly got carried away with the clippers. Her pale skin and freckles stood out against the brown pant suit and burnt orange shirt, not flattering at all, she must have really pissed of Natasha this morning.
Tony blushes scarlet as he slides between Pepper’s spread thighs and sees her naked sex, her clitoris is swollen, he can see the titanium ring glistening on the end.  He gently touches it, afraid he will hurt her, but all she does is let out a low moan.  He runs his fingers along her lips before pressing and rubbing her clit, startling when her pussy leaks over his fingers.
Pepper startled as Natasha’s hand came to rest on the back of her neck, cool fingers caressing her bare skin, the pressure built as her hand tightened.
Now let us leave them to it, I do not think for one moment that Hulk has finished claiming her.  I know that he wants me to force her breasts to produce milk, so I am going to go get the serum and see if now is a good time, since they seem to be settling down for a rest.
Steve could feel his knot starting to swell along with Winter’s. Neither Alpha made any move to withdraw, the challenge in their eyes clear as they fought to keep their knots from slipping out of Tony’s wrecked hole.
May closed her eyes and sent a silent prayer to Ben asking for his understanding and forgiveness.
Reaching for Tony’s hands he placed them over the filled crotch of the diaper holding them in place under his one large hand.
“Look at your nips all prettied up and sparkling for me. Now just your collar and then we can join the other Avengers in the limousine, after all you don’t want to be late for your own Presentation Gala.”
Winter could feel the increasing heat of the breeder’s skin, smell the sweet slick pouring out of his slack hole.  Getting off the mattress he grabbed hold of the bitch’s nipples and tugged her to her knees, twisting each nub until she screamed, feeding his cock into the wide open mouth.
There was a mew of distress from the bound omega.
Epilogue
Slipping his cock free he ploughed straight into Tony’s quivering hole, grinding his hips against the omega’s abused flesh, the rough drag of denim and the metal zip torture against the burning skin. Grabbing unruly curls, he forced the omega’s head up so that he could watch their reflection in the mirror.
He squirms as the plug and dildo begin to expand whilst his tits are being milked, by the time his nipples are released from their suction cups his ass is raised of the chair his holes so full he cannot stand any pressure on them.  Standing up he tries to walk but cannot get his balance or close his thighs, catching sight of himself in the floor length mirror he looks as though he is straddling and imaginary horse.
Tony huffed;
****************************************************************
Pepper paled and took a step back, what the hell was Steve playing at.  There was no way that she would willingly allow herself to be fucked like a whore in front of the Board.
Yes, all is as it should be, would you care to look Alpha Rogers such a sight to see an omega’s fuck hole spread wide open and not just feel it with a cock.”
Come on just breathe and keep looking at me, once you are calm there is a little baby wanting to meet her momma and get her first proper feed.
He was Captain America, a Prime Alpha, he was, he really was, yes he was, he must be, wasn’t he?  He didn’t want to be anything else, did he? He didn’t really want to be dressed in silk lingerie, have his cock bound, perform erotic poses for his Watcher, did he?
Tony’s terrified eyes shone bright with tears as he replaced the ball gag, tossing the omega over his knees he paddled the shaking omega’s backside and hole until the skin turned deep red and the small omega’s hole was puffy and tight once again.  Not bothering with clothes for the omega he picked him up and carried him down to the medical wing, strapping him on to the examination table, legs splayed wide.
“Greeting fellow Alphas, Loki has been successfully bred and as such you may all use her as you please until the birth.  Odin All Father has broken the infertility spell cast by my mother and Loki. As a punishment Loki when pregnant will take the partial form of a female Frost Giant.”
“Shhh sweetheart, don’t worry your pretty little head about anything, Daddy and Aunty Pepper have taken care of everything, remember?  I own Stark Industries now and Pepper runs it for me.  You will only work in your lab occasionally or attend functions when daddy says you can be a big boy.
He reached down to touch them, before remembering his arm was always cuffed behind his back, except he could not feel the weight of it pulling from his collar.  Panic set in when he looked round to the side and saw the pink scars crossing the stub of his shoulder where his arm should have been, he thought for one fleeting moment he was simply confused and looking at his left shoulder but a quick check of his other shoulder, bought the truth home.
The lawyers have drawn up the paper work for your personal fortune to be joined with the Avengers Pack’s finances, any investments or spending over a certain level by any pack member will need the authorisation of the Pack Alpha and the head Accountant.  I have ring fenced a portion of your money to finance the upkeep and development of the Ironman Armour, your bots, Jarvis and your personal work shop/Lab.  Once you are mated, Stark Industries will negotiate with your Alpha for an agreement on working hours.
Purposely left on his own for each session with only the voice of the therapist, the screens and music, Tony’s life prior to his admittance to Mountain Rise was dissected year by year, his behaviour examined and found wanting, mistakes emphasised, and blame placed firmly on his shoulders whether warranted or not.  His interactions with family, friends and the public were picked over, highlighting his rudeness, selfishness, sense of entitlement, arrogance and a whole plethora of other negative behaviours and emotions.
“Jarvis is there any news on status of the mission, has Steve or Winter contacted you with an update on when they are due back?”
Chapter 34.
Tony looked so small and scared in his arms as he carried him back to the penthouse.  Jarvis has already run the bath for him, so all he needed was to remove the blanket and place him in the warm water.
Steve watched as the head breached his omega’s opening, the midwife cradled it catching the pup as its body slid the rest of the way out. A loud cry sounded as she quickly cleared the airways before cutting the cord and wrapping the pup in a warm towel.
Miss Potts as your medical proxy and interim guardian gave permission for all subsequent medical treatment to rectify the damage caused by such blatant abuse.  Once your shoulder and leg had been treated, we operated to remove the by-pass and repair the surrounding scar tissue, we then gave you a full transfusion and dialysis to flush the drugs from your system.  You will have a further round of dialysis this afternoon, once this has been completed I will administer a fast releasing dose of omega hormones and pheromones to help kick start your omega glands to naturally produce their own.  This will also help flush out any remaining toxins, so over the next few days you will see some physical changes in your body as it readjusts back to its natural omeganess.
Bruce pulled over to the side of the road, they had just turned onto the private road that led up to the Compound gates, so there was little chance of them being seen by any passing motorists.
Tied together, he could do nothing when Steve’s teeth sank into his bonding gland, he had one brief moment of clarity as the bond snapped into place in which he realised this was not his Steve, before his heat ignited and his mental and physical being was consumed by his Alpha’s presence.
“Tell me why you cannot orgasm and have to be milked.” Loki ordered.
“Dirty bitch, how many times is that now you have pissed yourself after you have come?  Tell me is it some kind of fetish or is it normal behaviour for omegas in your former world?”
Darcy moved slowly as lifted herself off the milking machine, her breasts ached, and her pussy throbbed from the constant motion of the vibrating dildo.  Her stomach roiled with all the omega supplement forced into her.  She hated the next part of her daily routine but didn’t want any extra punishment for not following it.
“Tony pup, stop being such a baby, you know pets have to travel in their crates when they go out, you are not allowed to sit on the seats.  Now be a good pup or your backside is going to get a spanking.”
Tony do not argue with me about this, you know this is a medical requirement, your bowls along with your bladder have sustained damage from your substance abuse.  Do you want to end up with a ruptured bowel and constant urinary infections?”
Steve watched his sleeping omega and babies for some time before leaving to join the other Avengers to celebrate the birth of his pups.  Meg would be staying for the next two days to ensure the pups were doing well and Tony was healing.  Once she was satisfied that Tony was recovered and able to look after the pups properly on his own she would depart.
With a jerk he withdrew still pumping cum but this time all over Tony’s face and chest.  He rubbed it into Tony’s skin even over the arc reactor, now there was no part of Tony’s body inside or out that had not been marked by the Alpha.
Tony was too far gone on the pain, to comprehend fully what Bruce was saying he just wanted Bruce to knot him so he could orgasm and sink deep into his quiet place. He surfaced a little when he heard Peggy’s name, Bruce speaking of the Captain tore him completely away and had him struggling to get away and hide, unfortunately Bruce’s knot made it impossible and thick arms held his struggling body as he was forced forward on to the mattress, arms trapped beneath him, face pressed to the sheets as Bruce forced his knot passed his outer rim and deep into his hole. Each thrust hit his prostrate and soon had him mewling and whining for more, a heavy hand on the back of his neck, set off his omega calming pheromones, flooding his body and calming his racing thoughts until he couldn’t remember why he has gotten so agitated in the first place.
“I knew you would be a good mother Tony, why don’t you put Sarah down for a sleep, then l am going to express some of your breast milk.  Come sit and lean against my chest, l can reach round and attach the pump, now just lean back and relax.
Chapter 79
“Good morning gentlemen and Miss Potts, I want to keep this meeting brief and on point.  My omega will give his presentation of the R&D department’s projects and nothing more, once done he will not be participating any further in this board meeting it is no longer his place to do so.
The bath did relax her, she did not even complain when Natasha insisted that she do her hair and makeup, although she should have been suspicious when Natasha did not allow her to look in the mirror. Stockings, 5inch heels, a tiny red lace thong followed.  The black sill evening gown skimmed her body, emphasising her slender waist, the split up the back ending just under the curve of her cheeks, the backless gown held in place by the thin halter neck ties.
Tony would have to spend at least two days in the Cradle, but Dr Cho was of the opinion with the newly combined serum Tony would not be bed bound and weak for a few weeks as he would have been before Bruce had adapted the formula.  This would mean that Steve and Winter would only have to endure a few days of bond separation before they could claim their Omega once again.
I am going to speak to Bruce to discuss everything in depth, before we proceed.  I still want you to be CEO and run the Company.  l will be in fully responsible for taking care of Tony’s personal needs.  You do not have the right to interfere in that anymore, not just because of the power of attorney, but also because you walked away along time ago from your romantic relationship with Tony, he is mine now.”
“Lay still little omega, good little bitches take what is given without all the fuss you are making. You would not have lasted 5 minutes as a Hydra omega, they knew their place and heaven help them if they stepped out of line.”
If you want to skip that part of the chapter.
“Nnng……. Ahhh……Steve please stop I am not a chew toy. I can’t take any more, they are too sore! Get off me I’m all fucked out, surely even your super soldier dick must need a rest every now and again!”
“Captain Rogers I can assure you that such a course of action will not be needed.  If you would just let me explain what treatment we propose going forward, I am sure you will be more that satisfied with the results.
“Bruce what the hell are you doing? You don’ t do that to another Alpha, it’s perverse.”
“I sorry Daddy, l am trying to be a big boy, don’t want to embarrass you, sorry.”
Now in a few minutes you are going to fall asleep and when you wake up Sunday evening, we are going to see just how much of a submissive little breeding bitch you can be.  Oh yes, I forgot to mention that once you have carried our child an heir, then you are going to be the surrogate carrier for Tony’s egg donors.  I am going to keep you pregnant for the next few years, that will keep you from trying to hatch any revenge plans.
Suction cups on his nipples squeezed and tugged his minds until the were hard and bruised, his screams of pain muffled by the feeding dildo that filled his mouth, the thick gloop sliding down his throat to settle in his stomach where it was quickly absorbed , he had no idea how Bruce and the Vet had concocted the high feed and how they had managed to create the  enzymes that broke it down so that it was absorbed into his fatty tissues where it latched on and multiplied.  He could feel his stomach swelling as the pump increased its rate of flow beyond even which the enzymes could cope with.
Steve laughed, but it was wet sounding for a moment.
Ultron was a sucky movie for me.  First, I'm an inappropriate, hysterical laugher.  I read comments all the time about how awful Tony is in that scene when he laughs while looking at Jarvis's "body"--but that's my coping mechanism too, and almost no one understands it.  I had to leave my grandfather's funeral when I started laughing hysterically.  I've never been able to cry for some reason.  People judged me, but he raised me like his own daughter, and the disbelief that he was gone just flooded through me in a way that I couldn't physically handle.  Please don't judge someone if they seem to be laughing in unacceptable situations.  It may be their only way to cope.
“I’m going to tell you, but it won’t make any difference, Tony.  It was fun playing, but this little thing between us only ever had one outcome.  Things always come together for Captain America, but that’s not really true for you, is it.  Poor baby.  You won’t need to worry about that anymore.”
“It’s the SHIELD file that Nat wrote about you.  The one they gave me on the helicarrier,” Steve finally replied.
“He won’t say anything,” Widow shrugged.  “We’ve got Stark under control.”
Tony was going to find Steve and take care of whatever this was all about, and then world security could just SUCK IT.  He was taking a vacation.
“Steve, you lied to him, and then we beat the shit out of him and left him for dead,” Bucky cried.
“I didn’t know it was him,” he conceded, but he didn’t bother with any emotion at all at this point.  It was too late for that.
Steve stared at Tony, his mouth hanging open.
“What prize,” Tony asked, his tension rising.  He definitely didn’t like where this was going.
“Howard brought that on himself,” Tony said fiercely.  “I couldn’t care less about Howard!”
Steve also began leaving for long stretches, looking for something that he couldn’t (wouldn't) talk to Tony about, joined only by the Widow and Sam Wilson.
Steve never talked to Thor about attacking Tony.  He expected Tony to move on.
“He’s hardly the first hypocrite I’ve ever met.  It’s a requirement for royalty, I suppose,” Tony said without any real thought.
“Things have changed, and quickly.  I had to act with more haste due to—things,” he said with a wave of his hand.  “While I’ve always loved this little dance of ours, Tony, it’s time to collect.”
“Steve.”
Tony looked behind him where Bruce was standing quietly.  Tony was dumbfounded.  These people were supposed to be his teammates, his friends!  Steve was his lover.
“We’re all aware of the implications of these decisions, Sam,” Widow explained in what Sam would describe as a soothing (placating) voice.
You are unequivocally the worst thing that has ever happened to me (and I include both Obadiah Stane and the Black Widow in that statement).  You are a manipulative user, and abusive boyfriend that is completely devoid of any sort of human empathy (that’s where you consider how other’s might feel and actually care).
“Then you retire,” Ross was saying as he left the room.  Tony continued watching, rubbing his head at the tension headache that was building.  Everyone was going back and forth, but accomplishing nothing.
Everybody has a limit.
“I know,” Steve said softly.  “And that’s why I’ll come back to you,” he said reassuringly.
What Sam thinks of Tony and why.
“And I haven’t been here for you at all,” Steve whispered.  Tony didn’t reply.  What could he possibly say?
There's no coming back from something like this--even in fanfiction.
“Well it’s different.  Tony’s my boyfriend.  That’s how relationships work,” Steve said.
Sam Wilson was a funny case.  He always seemed to be judging Tony for some reason.  Tony had gifted the Falcon Wings to Sam, describing the extra features he had added for safety and to enhance the pilot’s personal skills as he had listed them.  Sam had simply looked at him and said. “Great, but please call me Wilson,” and walked off.  No thanks, and his tone bordered on downright rude.  Tony didn’t really understand . . . until Wilson had gone off to whisper with Widow.  That explained it, then.
Steve stared at himself in the mirror, his cock hard and leaking, the tip peeking out of the split in the fabric, his fingers were pinching and twisting his nipples as instructed, the camisole top laying discarded on the floor.  It had been three weeks, since he had woken to the familiar sound of the bell and had frozen in front of the mirror. The torment had started all over again, worryingly even though he did as he was told, there were no rewards and only silence, no spoken words.  It shouldn’t bother him, he understood this basic cabin was a punishment for running away, the bucket and water pump, only oatmeal to eat and the uncomfortable wooden cot.
Bucky had him in a pink corset, his nipples peeking through the lace trim, his cock and shrivelled balls framed by white crotch less panties. White stockings, suspenders with pink satin heels.  His hair had been waved and pinned with two white and pink bows.
“There we go baby, not one drop is going to escape, and in the morning, I am going to fuck you again so that you will always have my cum in you.”
Steve strode into the workshop, dripping sweat and looking sexy in his sweats and tank top. Tony could feel his hole clench round his plug as he scented his Alpha’s musk. His face flushed red as he met Steve’s knowing eyes.
Tony is very unhappy when he finds that the Courts have overturned all rulings made since he was deaged.
With a snap of his fingers, Tony crawled to his side and bared his neck.
Steve knelt over his omega sniffing deeply noting the changes in his scent the lack of heat flushed skin and only a dribble of slick leaking from his puffy rimmed hole.  Tony’s heat was over all that remained was to see if he had bred true and if his cum filled breeding pouch also contained newly developing life.
Steve had been horrified at the way omegas were paraded round, practically naked and leashed at all times.  Natasha had struggled to hold him back from intervening a number of times, when he saw an omega being punished or sexually used in public.  After the third time she had barred him from going out and advised him to use his time researching this world’s Captain America and Avengers.  She, would look into Stark Industries and see if there was any possibility of enlisting the help of Potts to find their Tony Stark, it would seem logical that Tony would seek out help from his closest friend.
Steve wasted no time in hauling Tony up and onto his cock, watching his tiny cock bounce as he fucked him, arm round his chest to hold up.
“Tony stop that right now, come here, l am going to place your mitts back on your hands and then we are going to visit Bruce.
Tony’s cheeks heated with embarrassment and to his shame he felt his pussy quiver and squirt yet again at the humiliating words spoken by Winter.  There was no way he was letting Steve or Winter know about the secret drawer in what used to be his walk in closet off the master bedroom.
Howard Stark paid Dr Davidson to falsify Tony’s test results after finding out his orientation, arranged the accident in the lab and his son’s admittance to High Pines where he was operated on without his knowledge and given a cocktails of drugs to take under the assumption it was due having ADHD and loosing part of his stomach and intestines due to shrapnel from the explosion in the workshop.  Any subsequent operations or change in medication over the years was done under the guise of maintaining what little working stomach he had left, and better drugs being manufactured to help with stabilising his conditions.
Steve pads back to the bathroom requesting that JARVIS starts up the shower again.  It was time start getting ready of tonight’s Gala.
Chapter 21
“Mmmmmm, that’s nice, you’re better at this than Billy Bob, he just thinks if he rubs hard enough then I’ll squirt. Idiot thinks I’m going to marry him and live on a farm, popping out babies.”
Tony couldn’t focus, his body was shivering with the anticipation of being fucked by his Alpha, even his cock was once again twitching and plumping up under the now gentle caresses of those large fingers.  He knew that there was something not quite right about this situation, but his thoughts were muddled and slow and each time he tried to clear his head another orgasm would wash through him and he would be thoroughly distracted.
Steve’s large fingers gripped Tony’s weeping cock pumping it, smearing pre cum along its short length a nail raking across his slit was Tony’s undoing, with a scream he came spurts of cum coating Steve’s fingers.  His Alpha continued to work his cock milking it of every last drop, the pleasure he had felt in his release started to turn to pain as his over sensitive flesh was tugged and stroked, the friction burning as his cum dried from the warmth of his Alpha’s hand.
I will try to post what I have of my other works before this one dies as well.
The formal part of the gala over with, the music started and the entertainment began.  Steve and Winter spun their omega round the dance floor, his petite figure luminous as the light from the chandeliers caught his pearl collar and bodice.
The sobbing and crying grew louder as the minutes ticked bye, she ignored the noise as she typed up her notes.  She was aware that Captain Rogers was standing outside the door listening, centering himself ready to play his part.
On his weekly weigh in’s with Bruce he had not wanted to know how much he was gaining, Bruce seemed to be satisfied with his gains and there had only been a one week where his diet had been monitored more strictly than usual.  When he had first noticed his soft belly and loss of muscle mass, he had begun to avoid looking at himself in mirrors and had wanted to cover up his changing body shape.  Of course, Steve had just upped the heating when he had pretended that he was cold and needed to wear more clothes and gave him even more cuddles and mugs of hot chocolate with whipped cream than normal.
The next couple of days that followed were an exercise in frustration for them, there was no time where the omega was not in the presence of his Alpha or one of the other Avengers.  The Captain seemed to always want Steve present when disciplined his omega.
I seriously suggest you think about your actions and how thoroughly you have disappointed everyone who has tried to help you, especially your husband.  Try putting his needs first for a change and stop being so selfish.”
Tony flinched as Steve reached out towards his face, startled when instead of the slap he was expecting his cheek was caressed instead.  He couldn’t really comprehend that he was home and safe and this was his world,  he stared at Steve’s face as he talked, the warmth in his eyes and the concern in his voice seemed real but he had been fooled before.  He could smell Steve’s scent all over himself and his own mingling with the Alpha’s scent, it was comforting and reassured him somewhat that this was real.  ‘He’ had never allowed Tony’s scent to linger on him, didn’t want ‘omega stink’ diluting his Alpha scent.
“Things got out of hand back there.  You had me worried, but some things never change.  You are always a surprise, Tony.  Zero to a hundred in seconds, huh.  Don’t even ask where you are.  You just jump right in,” he said with a smile, and then ran his fingers through Tony’s hair, again, like a lover.  Tony was completely baffled.
“It’s the only way,” Steve said, with a look at Widow.
“I looked you up,” Widow said.  “You were a Falcon test pilot.  We can get you in to get those wings.  Then we have a few things we can all take care of,” she said with a smirk.
“We can’t be sure his communications aren’t being monitored,” Widow said without batting an eye, but there was something darker going on.
“What’s up,” Steve smiled.
“What’s that,” Bucky asked, pointing at the pile of ashes in the envelope.
“I’m sorry, Tony.  I was too shocked to even act in that moment.  It’s more Jarvis than Ultron, to be honest.  I couldn’t believe what I was seeing,” Rhodey said sadly.
Still, Tony wasn’t a murder.
Tony wasn’t Peggy.  He never could be.  Someone like Peggy was a once in a lifetime opportunity, but Tony had been a good second choice, um . . . second chance.  He was incredibly patient with Steve.  He took care of Steve (and the bedroom was no exception).  He made sure that Steve could do what he wanted—no needed—to do.  Money was no object.  Gear was no object.  He did all of the glad-handing that Steve DESPISED.  What more could Steve want in a lover.
Tony had sent this letter along with an envelope of ashes that included a post-it note that read “I gave it all of the consideration it deserved”.  He had also received a box full of the pieces of the burner phone he had sent Tony.
Tony tensed.  He didn’t like where this was going.  He could tell something wasn’t right, but he was still too out of it from whatever drugs he clearly had pumping through his system to fully comprehend it.
I’ve pulled any legal support that was ongoing, which means that—whether locks can be replaced or not—you, the Widow, Wilson, and Maximoff will likely be doing some hard time for international terrorism in Lagos, Romania, and Germany very soon without some SERIOUS legal representation.
Consider your gear and funding defunct.  By the way, you’re not getting that shield back.  I melted it down (it was great for learning to synthesize vibranium using Starkanium).  You’ll find that all gear that was made and given to the Avengers by me will have self-destructed by the time you receive this (And I hope you were all wearing it at the time).
If you could pass it on to T’Challa, I’ve also decided to put synthetic vibranium on the market this Fall.  The fabricating possibilities are limitless.  Why, very soon, it will be like the WHOLE world is benefitting from vibranium (what a novel concept—and all from the mind of a colonizer!).  His highness might be a little concerned at the SUBSTANTIAL loss in revenue, but I’m sure he’ll be distracted as he concentrates on de-programming your new boyfriend, Barnes.  The BARF could already do that, of course, but I’m sure that the genius princess of Wakanda will think of something in the next few years . . . or eventually (let’s be realistic, medical testing takes time, genius or not).
“It’s ok,” he whispered to the super soldier.  I’ll take care of everything.  I wish you’d let me in on this, though, honey,” he added in a pained voice.  Steve stayed silent.
Rhodey came up alongside Tony once everyone began to take action.  He was staring at the lost, confused look on his friend’s face.
Tony looked over and saw Steve, sitting by his bedside like a lover of all things.
But maybe you can afford good lawyers, what with your new benefactor?  That’s good, because Pepper is handling the civil suits against all of you guys (and she recommended an awesome divorce lawyer for Mrs. Barton).
“Steve, Tony Stark designed those carriers.  Everyone knows that.  He could keep them from even lifting off, save hundreds of thousands of lives,” Sam begged.
Zemo had just made it outside into the snow when the fighting began.  King T’Challa crept up behind him, though he clearly wasn’t trying to be stealthy—only catlike, Zemo supposed.
And Steve certainly wasn’t there for the nightmares.
Sam noted the uneasy look that Steve gave the Widow, but neither said anything about her comment.
“Like I said,” Steve said as he pulled Tony back into his arms.  “It’s probably better to forgive and forget.  Let’s just move on.  I’m sure it’s not as big a deal as you’re thinking.”
“Steve, I think maybe she believes that stuff she wrote about me even though she knows it was only partially true.  It’s a trick that lots of spies use.  They have to truly, believe in the stories they tell in order to beat lie detectors and survive interrogations effectively without giving up important information.  I grew up surrounded by agents and spies.  I know how they work.  And I know that the others still think all the info in that file is accurate.  Clint gives me funny looks a lot,” Tony shrugged.  “So . . . will you talk to Nat . . . and the others?”
“Oh, sweetheart.  That’s why it always had to be you.  I want you to fight me, baby.  I need you to fight me.  And Tony . . . hail Hydra,” Steve whispered in his ear.
“Oh shit,” Steve said.
“Don’t bullshit me, Rogers,” Stark hissed as he clutched at Steve’s uniform for a moment.  Steve had to stifle a grin.  Tony was worked up!
“Will you talk to Nat about it,” he asked, his face buried in Steve’s neck.
Bucky didn’t hesitate.  He had his gun up in a split second, and that was all it took.  The faceplate slammed down, and Iron Man, Captain America, and the Winter Soldier entered the fray.
Yet here they were, watching as Thor threatened and attacked him.  Nevermind that both he and Steve had given the go ahead to study the scepter before it returned to Asgard.  Bruce didn’t even mention the fact that he had gone along with Tony’s decision.  He was an adult and a prominent scientist after all.  If he had truly disagreed with Tony’s methods, he should have refused at the time.  No one challenged his integrity.
“You ok,” Steve whispered groggily.
But it was Steve that hurt the most.  He had done everything he could to help Steve settle in the modern world.  He was his lover, for crying out loud!
Tony had pulled Barton’s butt out of the fire and offered him a place to stay outside of SHIELD after Loki when everyone looked at him like a monster.  He got no judgment from Tony.  Tony had given Nat a second chance after the palladium incident.  A third chance after that stupid report, and then he had pulled her butt out of the fire along with Steve after what she pulled with SHEILD.  Steve might not really be aware of the just how catastrophic their decision was to post all of that secured information on the web, but Widow was more than well aware.  She had been looking at multiple treason offenses and was well on her way to being the first execution for treason since the 50’s and the Rosenbergs before Tony had stepped in on her behalf. And Tony had provided Bruce with a sanctuary where he could study and experiment to his heart’s content.  He was safe from Ross for the first time in years, and Tony hadn’t said anything when Bruce had condescendingly told him ‘he wasn’t that kind of doctor’ when he had gone to him as a friend to talk, missing Steve and having no one to lean on at the moment just after the Mandarin.
T’Challa was pretty mad about the burner phone.  Steve didn’t like to think how mad he was going to be once he passed on Tony’s message.  And he would, because Steve was a good and honest man that didn’t keep secrets—unless he ABSOLUTELY had to.  Well, maybe T’Challa didn’t need to know about it yet.
“Tony.”
Tony woke to incredible pain.  Oddly, the pain was mostly in his head and his limbs, while his chest (which should hurt more than anything else after Steve rammed that damn shield into it) was completely numb.  He blinked his eyes slowly, then stretched his fingers.  It was at this point that he realized his wrists were bound to the bed—a hospital bed.
Tony tried to wave his hand, and frowned in irritation at the restraint that held it down.
“I think we’ve established some time ago that you are the only one that I’ve bothered being “real” with, Tony.  It’s what makes you special.  There just isn’t anyone else that can keep up.  And that leads us here,” Steve said, leaning back once more.
Steve stared forlornly at the pile of ashes.  It was a fitting metaphor for the only relationship he’d ever had.
“What’s that,” Bucky asked, coming over and sitting beside him.  Steve sighed in relief.  Bucky had said unequivocally that he would be going back into cryo until his programming could be removed (that was another reason that Tony was the perfect lover), but Steve still had a couple of days with his best friend until everything was prepared.
“Not much.  Got a few minutes before the meeting with Pepper and the Board.  So, you know,” he shrugged with an easy smile. “Whatcha looking at there, Cap,” he grinned, trying to look at the file that Steve was reading.
The club was packed, he didn’t really remember agreeing to go, but Bucky was grinning at him, and his cock felt so good cradled in the satin knickers, the petal pink dress swirling round his ankles. Bucky held him close, twirling them round the dance floor first in a waltz, then a foxtrot. Breathless and feet aching he let Bucky sit him in a booth whilst he went to get them drinks.
She then clipped a small metal rod to the piercing and slowly began to twist it backwards and forwards. Loki’s muffled screams grew louder with each turn.
Fuming she climbed into bed, Natasha had allowed her to shower and wash her hair, but had not allowed her any night clothes.
2. Simple hair style, always carry hair wax or gel.
Chapter 64
Lost in thought about his long, lost friend he startled when a fist hit the reinforced glass, then proceeded to wipe cum over the glass.
Tony mewled softly as Steve’s hand moved up to lightly lay against his breast, his fingers casually brushing against his nipple.
Thor and Loki attend the Gala at the White House.  The President is fascinated by Loki's Jotun form.
Grabbing hold of Bucky’s shoulders, he pulled him in to a tight hug burying his face in the dark strands of hair, inhaling the almost forgotten earthy scent of his best friend and almost mate. There was a faint strange mint scent mingled with the familiar earthy scent, more of a sensation of ice cold wind.
Bucky had tried to persuade him, but he wasn’t having any of it, that was the first time he had seen the compete rage in Bucky’s eyes and caught him scrubbing his blood-soaked shirt the following morning.  It happened off and on  over the next year, mostly always after they had fought over something Bucky wanted to do and he had refused, it did matter if it was big or small, the outcome always the same, he helped Bucky to cover his tracks and clean up, what else could he do, Bucky was his best friend, the only one who cared about him and protected him when he stood up to bullies.
Winter and Steve waited with bated breath, rock hard cocks dripping precum, balls drawn up tight, neither believed that Hulk would get their stubborn omega to do it.
The night before the Gala they were both on duty and watched as Potts was once again degraded and used by the Captain and the other Avengers.
The warm water soaks away the pain, leaving just a dull ache as he dries himself and slips into the soft lounge pants that Steve has left for him. He pads into the kitchen and waits two paces behind and to the side of his Alpha, who is finishing cooking a large stack of pancakes.
His cock was encased in a small red and gold metal sheath the base rounded to hold his balls, he could no longer be fitted with a cock ring as his balls needed to be free to move up into his body as his birth canal formed.
Pepper could feel the perspiration forming as she battled to keep eye contact with Steve, it felt as though hours passed as she struggled not to submit, but the wrongness she felt in fighting her Pack Alpha overrode her fear of been seen as a lesser Alpha, so she lowered her eyes and bared her neck so her Pack bite was clearly in show.
Bruce took a deep, calming breath letting the scientist in him take over from Hulk.
They turned it into a game, say something insulting or humiliating and watch his tiny cock go rigid, then with one touch Tony would mewl and cum.  By the time they stopped, Tony cock was so sensitive he was agony, he had slick dripping down his legs, pooling on the coffee table where Steve had sat him, with his legs spread wide for the others to watch.
“No Tony, it cannot be undone now.  The magic has settled, and that burning sensation is your cock and balls shrinking.”
“St..evvv, Dad…ddy, no not like it, too b..big.”
Steve then flipped the remaining straps over the omega’s shoulders criss-crossing them, bringing the looped ends to rest above each breast, with some difficulty he managed to manipulate each milk laden tit through the smaller circumference of the rubber loops, the thick rubber bands compress the skin pushing the swollen globes further forward and apart, the glow of the arc reactor reflecting off the glossy rubber straps. Steve twisted and pinched each nipple until they hardened, pointing straight out, pearly drops of milk forming on the tips.
By that time he was sobbing and couldn’t stop himself from reaching out to grab at Steve’s arm.
“Well, well, look at you, a pretty thing like you shouldn’t be on your own, just asking for trouble the way your dressed.  Slutty little girly boys need a big cock up their ass to make them scream and squirt.”
Don’t you think I would make a great hostess, play the sweet innocent farm girl, and then just rinse them of all their secrets.”
I am not a big Spiderman fan, but I do like Tom Holland's Spiderman.
“Bruce, don’t know why you are having such an effect on me, it makes no sense that l want you to do the things you are doing!  I am an Alpha and leader of the Avengers, l can’t be weak and needy, l am Captain America.”
Winter you can do this part of our little bitch’s punishment whilst I collect the necessary equipment for the last part.
Sinking down on to his knees between the omega’s spread legs he placed his head against the fat belly listening, satisfied he leaned forward grabbing the omega’s jaw forcing him to look at his face.
“I have to go, l need, to see Steve, l, have got to make him trust me again.”
Unbuckling his omega he carried him to the bedroom and lay him face down on the bed cuffing his wrists to the headboard, spreading his legs wide and cuffing each ankle tightly to the baseboard.  Tony whined around the ball gag unhappy with the continued lack of freedom to move the constant pressure of his filled channel and the ache in his stretched jaw.
Luckily Daddy spilt his wine so that he could protect you from any nasty comments.  Now what do you say to Daddy?  I think you need a reminder that you are supposed to be a big boy tonight.”
Fan fiction is just that you do not have to stick to the way the characters behave in the comics and films, I do not understand why people read stories and then get annoyed that that characters are not portrayed in the same way.
Bruce steered Steve out onto the gardens, deep into the shadows, he kept a firm hand on his back as he pushed him into a hidden pergola.
Tony moaned loudly as Loki’s icy fingers fucked up in to his dripping hole, rubbing against his overly sensitive prostate, massaging the soft nub relentlessly paying no heed to his pleas for him to stop.  His other hand tugged on his nipples, spraying milk over his breasts and stomach, Loki’s cold tongue occasionally lapped up the stream of milk flowing between his breasts to pool on the arc reactor.
He turned back to his newspaper, ignoring his little omega’s mutterings and frantic pacing, he didn’t give into the temptation to tug on the drawstring of Tony’s pants as he paced by, even though he preferred his omega naked.
Breed her straight away and remove them fully after she gives birth to the next litter.  You should be able to get two litters a year once her body adapts fully.
Now it’s time to stretch your clit, Thor wants it long enough to see you fucking your cunt with it when he returns.”
“Sweet heart, you look so beautiful with your cum splattered all over your soft omega belly.”
Tony couldn’t argue, could only bare his neck, offering himself up to his Alpha, eyes pleading as garbled words escaped his gagged mouth. The massive cock inside him stilled, he whined trying to rock back, maddened by the lack of movement.  He needed to be fucked and filled his whole body was screaming for release, clenching his muscles he attempted to milk Winter’s massive cock to completion, but no matter how much he tried the rigid member invading his hole didn’t so much as twitch.
“That’s it Bucky let me take care of you, going to make you feel so good. Going to fill you up and make you fully mine.  Both of us together again just as we have always said we would be, even better now that we have my omega to complete our bond.  Now come for me Bucky!”
Steve’s fury didn’t abate even after he had dealt with the kidnappers.  Tony was deep in his little headspace as though he knew that his daddy wouldn’t punish him when he did not understand why. It was incredibly frustrating waiting for his little boy to age up, his disappointment and anger at Tony breaking one his hard rules, grew with each day that passed.
“Oh Tony, I gave you ample time to think and decide for a supposed genius you can be incredibly stupid.  Then again bonded omegas rarely think about anything else but being fucked and bred so I should not be surprised, but by the time I am finished you are going to wish you had chosen the first option.”
“Sweet heart of course I will be with you, apart from being your husband and loving you I am now legally responsible for all aspects of your health and wellbeing.  All you need to do is listen to Dr Gottlieb and be a good boy for me, can you do that for me darling? You do want to make me happy don’t you so that we can be together?”
The suit is comparable to a second skin, it will monitor you all the time, cleanse and feed your body. Amplify and lower every sensation and feeling on demand.  You will have absolutely no freedom, your every movement is controlled by the suit and the Avengers, it will recognise no other voice patterns.
Steve was content, he had a version of his best friend back, who had control over the Winter Wolf so he could pass as human if he wanted too.  Tony Stark was gone thank heavens, Tony Pup was turning out to be a champion breeder and they already had buyers for all the pups.  These next two were promised to Odin and Frigga.
Reigning himself in and sitting opposite Dr Banner, he nodded for the Doctor to get started on what he wanted to say.
“Before the suit seals you in completely, l just wanted to let you see what you will look like from now on and of course you will want to see the pretty collar l have had made especially for you. Ten strands of Black Pearls and Rubies, threaded on vibranium wire the clasp is also made out of it, solid and secure, as the hounds do get a bit rough when they are excited.”
When he had first woken, he had tried to escape the confines of the cabin, but the doors and windows were locked, the thick metal bars on the windows and embedded in the wood of the door, which he once could have easily broke, now mocked him.
Both his holes clenched releasing sweet smelling slick to drip down his thighs and pool on the carpet beneath, this seemed to act as a signal for the pack to surge forward and surround him.  The feel of fingers and lips touching and licking his exposed skin jolted him back to reality, only the heavy weight of the hand holding his head against a muscled thigh stopped him from bolting. Winter’s cold metal fingers pressed hard against his neck gland and he collapsed against Steve’s thighs like a wet noodle, unable to remember why he had wanted to run away from his pack mates.
She had been furious when made to sign over her shares to Natasha and had lashed out at the two old farts remaining of the original board.  She really didn’t know what had come over her, she had been doing so well and Natasha had even said that she was pleased with the way she had been comporting herself recently, which had led to an evening of indulgence and being thorough fucked by Natasha.  The dynamics of there relationship were still evolving but she was content on the whole to take the submissive role most of the time, she knew it should bother her more but she always seemed to backdown when she challenged Natasha about it.
“Omega go put Peggy in her crib and then I want you to tell me what the rule in the Penthouse with regards to clothing?”
He cuffs Tony’s hands over his head, using soft leather cuffs lined with lamb wool, he doesn’t want any marks but his own on his mate’s body. He pushes Tony’s knees up against his chest until his all most bent in half, the weight of his body keeping them there as his lines up his cock and pushes passed glistening puss lips, his cock head meeting resistance from the thick layer of Tony’s hymen.  He braces himself, arms either side of Tony’s head, looking straight into his eyes as he pulls back and then slams his cock with brutal force into his cunt, punching through the virgin hymen, swallowing his mate’s screams with his mouth as he roughly kisses him. There is no softness or finesse in the final turning, it’s hard, fast and relentless fucking, he is lucky that his super soldier stamina makes this possible, he can see the agony on Tony’s face, the pained whines as his balls slap against his tender perineum.
“You look like an exotic alien Darcy, totally nude and hairless from head to toe, I have wanted to do that since Dad sheared my sister, I think we will keep you like this for a while, it will be fun to see if you set a new trend as you did with your short hair and exposed breasts.
“Arggggggg, fffuck, nnnnnoooo!!”
Big thank you to all the recent comments on this fic, sorry that I have not answered them individually.
“Aye, Loki is staying on Asgard to quicken his new pregnancy and to give Odin time with him.  The All Father has been waiting hundreds of years to be able sink his cock into Loki’s cunt.
Rubber coated gelled fingers penetrated his ass nudging his prostrate, and checking his channel for any tears, scaring, lumps or bumps.  After the fingers withdrew he felt the cold hard metal of the speculum pushing up into his ass, pressing against his walls opening him wide.
“See what a mess you have made of them you dirty cow, now clean them up!”
Winter picked up the scent of distress and anger coming from Tony, look like the President had hit a nerve, something to explore at a later date.
Alphas, like wolves knot their bitches/omegas when breeding. Tying them together to ensure a successful impregnation and mating.  Now human physiology and biology has long lost that ability, but what we can create are the physical attributes such as slick glands and Alpha knots.  You would be surprised how in demand these modifications have become, powerful men and women are always looking for new ways to dominate and subjugate.
“Omega l am going to discipline you now for the tantrum you threw, l can’t let you get away with such a blatant show of bad behaviour, the Omega Registry will insist on a public punishment if l do not provide proof that l have severely disciplined you.
Pepper Potts had put his name forward after he had first bonded with Tony Stark.  The earlier interview with the committee gathered in the library had been a mere formality a nod to the rules of the club.  Captain America on his own would have been granted membership but now as the owner of one of the top Fortune 500 Companies, a billionaire and the Alpha of Tony Stark he was guaranteed to be welcomed with open arms.
His wife was doing her duty as well, sucking the older men’s cocks, coaxing the to hardness ready for their second turn, even with the little blue pill some of them where having problems getting it up again, ready to plunder his daughter’s cock sucking mouth.
Now after meeting with Dr Gottlieb to discuss your requirements, we were able to incorporate and additional magical spell that would facilitate the maximum height loss that you desired, this runs in tandem with the binding rings.  Your boy’s height will level out at 4ft 11 inches by tomorrow morning, with the triggering of the secondary spell he will experience a further loss of 2 inches in height.  I must stress you must not take the decision lightly, it is irreversible, and you will need to consider carefully the physical and mental consequences.
Tony sat docility as she dressed him, not even protesting when she slipped thick fluffy socks on his feet.  He tried to pull his hands back when she went to replace the mittens but a sternly voiced ‘Tony’ from Steve made him drop them back on to his thighs.
Tony wailed as Steve’s knot fill his hole, stretching him wide open, he could feel his muscles contracting around the huge intrusion, milking the cum deep into his womb.  The pressure of Steve weight pressing down on him making his breasts and stomach ache, he could feel the beads in his cunt shifting and vibrating as they continued to massaged his over sensitive channel.  The sudden sharp tug of the beads being ripped from his pussy sent him screaming over the edge.
Steve laughed,
Tony managed to squeeze a solitary tear out as he stared wide-eyed up at Clint.
JARVIS plots.
Chapter 77
Winter slaps their omega’s other tit, watching as the reddened shape of his hand is clearly shown on the side of Tony’s pale breast, Steve matches him slap for slap until each tit is covered in their hand prints.  Simultaneously they release the clamps on their omega’s nipples, cocks fully hardening as they listen to the pained cries of their omega.
Steve watched as Tony’s eyes fluttered open, awareness returning to the dark chocolate orbs ringed with gold, gripping a handful of curls he pulled Tony’s head up until their eyes met.
After his punishment, Steve had made him drink two full litres of water before they left for Stark Industries, when they arrived, he was already squirming with the need to pee, but his request had fallen on deaf ears.  The lobby was full of employees all eagerly waiting for their chance to fuck him.  Strapped to the breeding bench he winced as his full bladder was squashed against the padded leather.  Tears ran down his face in utter humiliation when he pissed himself after the fourth orgasm, there was a moment of silence from the people watching and then the laughter and name calling started.  A bottle was held to his lips, and he was forced to swallow unless he wanted to choke to death.  The torment went on and on, he orgasmed, pissed, was forced to drink more water and then had to endure the heckling and abuse of those watching him.
I marked you then as my omega, and now you will never belong to anyone else but the scions of the Odinson line.
Tony squirmed as the dildo pressed deeper hitting his sweet spot as the rocking horse dipped forward, he gasped as his plugged hole vibrated when the horse rocked backwards, the pressure of the hard saddle pushing it further into his passage.
You constantly lash out verbally and sometimes physically as you have no control over your emotions and are constantly on the defensive against people discovering how scared and alone you really feel.
Steve could feel dark curls of lust rising as had watched Winter fuck Tony’s wide-open mouth, stroking his cock he quickly followed Winter’s release, ribbons of cum painting their omega’s face, mingling with the falling tears.
Widow bent down to kiss her trembling lips and lick the tears trickling down her cheeks.
Thirty minutes later Bruce willed his orgasm, he could smell how close the omega was to coming but there was no way he would allow it on Petey’s first attempt, he planned to have the omega so frustrated and upset that he couldn’t obey or perform on demand that he begged him to take away the distraction of his useless cock.
Steve motioned Bruce forward first as he knew the Doctor would want to taste the slick himself before taking a large sample for the Hulk to eat.  Bruce dipped his fingers into Tony’s cunt first and then his asshole before licking them clean.  Hulk roared wanting his own turn so Bruce quickly milked the omega’s holes until his specimen jar was full of slick and pussy juice.
His most favourite time was the hour he got to sit in the forge, watching and talking to the Black Smith.  He pouted to no avail at not being allowed to work, a failed attempt at wielding the Black Smith’s large hammer and a harsh spanking as punishment made him realise, he was to small and weak to use his tools.
The scene is between the rows of 8888888888888888888888s
Good afternoon Miss Natasha, it is feasible, but this Banner is going to have to want it and it will also depend on what kind of interaction he has with his alter ego and the intelligence level of his Hulk.  Bruce and I after a short period of adjustment acted together and forged our link, sharing our differing abilities until osmosis took effect.
“Shut up Tony, don’t make me any angrier than I am now, you will not like the consequences.
“Hey,” Tony smiled as he walked up to Steve and took his hand sweetly.
“And who explained that?”
Steve was unavailable for long stretches of time now.  In fact, when the whole Mandarin thing happened, not only did Steve ignore Tony’s increasingly frantic calls, he wasn’t even aware that Tony had been declared missing (dead) until months after the whole thing was resolved.  Rhodey’s and Pepper’s looks at the First Avenger were getting increasingly dark.
Rhodey sneered openly at the Captain.  He was certain there was another reason.  SI and the Maria Stark Foundation (At Tony’s behest) were still the primary funders of the Compound and all Avengers missions, mysterious missions that Steve called for with little explanation and often with only Widow and Wilson by his side.
A hand reached over just as Tony sat up, startling out of yet another nightmare.
“I’m curious, because I didn’t really read it when Fury handed it over to tell me that I wasn’t really a part of the team,” Tony paused, looking up at Steve, but he looked more uneasy than angry at Tony’s comment.  “Did Nat mention that she encouraged my behavior at the party?  Or that I was dying from heavy metal poisoning, which impairs your decision making abilities?”
“Did you know,” Stark’s chest was heaving and his jaw was tightly clenched.
“Jarvis,” Tony moaned, and Rhodey pulled him into his arms. Rhodey stared accusingly at Steve who was standing in the corner, eyeing Tony distrustfully with no thought of comforting the smaller man.  Just one more mark against him.
Sam side-eyed the couple as Stark wrapped his arms around a shaking Steve Rogers.
“Yes,” and this time he allowed himself a bit of drama.  He pushed all of the regret and sorrow that he could muster into his unnaturally blue eyes, and willed Tony to see it.  If Tony had been at even half his game, he might have laughed at him.  Natasha would have swooned a little and then worked double time to achieve whatever goals Steve might have had.  And Bucky shifted from one foot to the other nervously—oh it WAS Bucky.  That was clear.  The Winter Soldier wouldn’t have known to be nervous.  Bucky would always know, though.  That was the downside to childhood “friends”.
“The one with the footage,” Tony asked nonchalantly, like SHIELD, and Nat in particular, hadn’t gone out of their way to immediately sour Steve’s opinion of Tony.
“Steve, you know she’s trained Red Room, right?   A glorified honeypot?”
“I’d love to help you.  I mean, you’re Captain America,” he said with a shrug, trying (and mostly failing) to hide the awe he felt at exactly who and what Steve represented.  “I’m just not sure what I can do?”
Steve Rogers,
“Thor,” he said simply, and Rhodey closed his eyes regretfully.
A lot had happened since the fall of SHIELD.  Steve had asked Tony to step up and take over the funding for the Avengers, and despite Pepper’s VEHEMNT opposition to this decision, Tony had pitched it to the board as a temporary measure—and they had accepted (good press for the company).
“The deception that she and Fury pulled at the start of this.  Everyone’s opinion of me is being shaped by that document, which clearly leaves out important mitigating factors.  You HATED me at first, Steve, and only part of that was how I acted on the helicarrier.  And a lot of that was a distraction so I could pull a fast one on Fury and figure out what he was up to with a very dangerous artifact,” Tony said sharply.
Later, Tony would watch in high definition, noting (somewhat bemusedly) that neither Bucky Barnes nor Steve Rogers—who had both benefited from Howard’s money and gear not unlike the Avengers had benefited from Tony’s—were both completely ignoring the very dramatic death scene of their pal Howard in favor of side-eyeing the poor orphan.  Didn’t that say a lot about those two paragons of truth, justice, and the American way?
“Yeah,” Steve replied.
Steve smirked.
“But, man.  Tony Stark is maybe the best hacker in the world.  I know he could cut through all that and release the stuff that needs to be out.  Why risk all of the others,” Sam asked pleadingly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony quirked his eyebrow and then frowned again.
“Use your words, buddy,” he wheezed, eyes rolling.  Thor dropped him after a moment, and Tony lay their shocked.  Steve was watching like he approved of everything Thor was doing and saying.  Rhodey hadn’t even stepped in, and suddenly it was the infamous palladium poisoning thing all over again.  But there was no Jarvis to console him anymore.
“Are you being . . . is this for real?  Are you being earnest right now,” Tony asked, sounding truly lost.  What world had he woken up to?
Tony gave his bit on missionary Charlie working in Sokovia and bantered back and forth with Widow a bit.  Of course, she would understand they had no choice with this.  They were being informed about how things were going to be, not asked if they approved.
“I didn’t “bring” Ross, Steve.  He’s the Secretary of State and he called a meeting, which we have to attend to avoid being labeled as mercenaries or vigilantes.  My funding of the Avengers is temporary.  A private organization CAN’T legally go on missions in either the U.S. or around the world like the ones the Avengers do.  That has always been the case,” Tony sighed as he walked past Steve.
“Yes,” Zemo shrugged.  He had originally intended to commit suicide rather than allow himself to be taken, but he had to admit it to himself . . . certain, inconsistencies, troubled him.  He wanted to see how things were going to play out between Stark and Captain America.  Captain America in particular was hiding something spectacularly unexpected.  Zemo knew that he was good at recognizing these sorts of things.  The Black Widow was a child compared to what he was able to see.   He wouldn’t get much by way of information where he would be going, but he had ways around that.  It might be worth it in the end.  He loved a bit of chaos.
“You ok,” Rhodey whispered.
“Steve,” Bucky answered with a funny look in his eye, “you didn’t think you were getting back together, did ya?”
Well, Bucky Barnes (the poor little lamb) felt solid enough to take aim at the grieving, betrayed orphan with his stolen semi-assault rifle when Tony took his (rightful) swing at that bastard, Steve Rogers.
One week later, after working diligently alongside Sam as Bucky watched on sardonically, Steve sent Tony a second apology.  It was really good, and very sincere—completely different from the first letter.
“What does that mean,” Tony said.  He was still a bit fuzzy, and couldn’t really grasp this Steve, a Steve without all of his “aww-shucks” masks on.  He had the fleeting thought that he wished Wilson could see his Captain now.  “We’re not in Wakanda, are we,” Tony asked, turning his head to take in his surroundings.
Rhodey cringed back a bit when Tony looked at him.  He was reminded starkly of the young teen who just couldn’t understand why people treated them as they did.
“Alright, that’s enough,” Steve ordered the Secretary of State, as if he had the authority to do that.  Heaven forbid the Witch have to see and accept the damage that she caused with those ill-gotten powers.  Steve liked to draw comparisons between himself and the young woman.  Tony had considered drafting a flow chart that reminded the Captain about the relationship between the Axis and the Allies and where the Nazis fit in that schema.
“Tony, he’s innocent,” Steve had breathlessly argued as he clutched at Tony’s arm.
“Those wings didn’t make it passed the testing stage.  My partner,” Sam said haltingly, “Riley, he was killed.  There was a halt to put in some extra protections, but Stark quit selling weapons before the project was completed.  They’re Stark property,” he shrugged.
“Sam, please understand.  We just can’t risk it.  Yes, maybe bringing Tony in could save hundreds of lives, but if anything goes wrong, Insight is set to take the lives of millions all over the world.  Sometimes you just can’t save everyone.  War means making sacrifices.”
Oh crap.
Steve Rogers, Bucky Barnes, and for some completely unfathomable reason, the King of Wakanda wandered off into the sunset together while Tony slowly froze to death and hoped the internal bleeding wasn’t as bad as it currently felt.
“That’s the fifth night this week, Tony,” Steve said, a mix of worried, groggy, and complaining.
“Tony, don’t be coy.  That’s not really your style, is it?  You see, when I came out of the ice, Nick wasn’t the only one that approached me.  There were . . . others . . . as well.  I had to make a choice.
“You’re telling me you don’t trust Iron Man, though, Steve.  And soldiers make those sacrifices, not civilians,” Sam added.
Steve gets Tony's letter.
Steve laughed again.
“Finally getting some action from someone worth something,” Sam said with a shit-eating grin.  Sam and the others were pretty disgruntled with Tony. Their gear had gone up in flames one day about a week ago.  Nat’s and Wanda’s suits had actually melted onto their skin.  The last of it was just now coming off.
He never apologized for attacking Tony, for raising hands against his lover.  Yet, he expected Tony to understand the Steve needed time to process.  What exactly was Steve processing?  Everything seemed hunky dory on his end of things.  Tony was beginning to realize that since he had gotten into this relationship, things had been decidedly one-sided.  Steve asked for things and gave nothing back.  Tony had experience with those types of people.  He had just never thought Steve Rogers would be one of them.
“Oh, alright.  Every villain needs an evil lair, Tony. Welcome to mine,” Steve said with a wave of his hand.  It was at that point that Tony focused in on the small insignia on Steve’s black, tactical gear.
This was the first time Tony was seeing Steve since they had taken their break, though Steve regularly contacted him to reassure him that he was thinking of him and still loved him, that he just needed a bit more time to process everything.  Then he’d go on to describe how well “Wanda” (she’d always be Maximoff or the Scarlet Witch to him) was settling in and raved about the budding romance between Vision (Please, No!  Jarvis would be SICK!)  and the young girl (WHY did he INSIST on infantilizing the woman?).  It was a bit much, honestly. And Rhodey’s comments about Steve were openly hostile by this point.
“What are you doing,” Tony asked incredulously.
Later, at Clint’s farm, Steve made certain to ask for a separate bed after their fight outside.  When Steve attacked Tony on the word of the Hydra agent that had set the Hulk loose on Johannesburg as he was trying bring Vision online, Tony wasn’t even surprised.  After everything was over, he was even less surprised when Steve approached him to get the girl off the hook for her past transgressions, citing Tony’s involvement in the weapons that killed her parents (as if that was a good reason to become a Nazi terrorist and risk the WHOLE WORLD to get revenge.  As if Tony hadn’t specifically told him about Stane and how his godfather had tricked him when he was young and impressionable).  Rhodey stood beside Tony and stared at the Captain implacably as he told Tony they were putting Wanda on the team for the help she had provided in fighting Ultron, and that she would be moving into the Compound.  Rhodey sneered at the Captain when he said that he would be moving out of the Tower and into the Compound as well.
Stark turned away for a moment, and Steve objectively enjoyed how beautiful he was when he was broken.  A man like Stark didn’t stay down long, and the opportunity to see such a thing was rare indeed.  Tony turned back and bitch slapped Steve (there really wasn’t another word for it).  He was clearly still reacting rather than thinking or he would have blasted Steve’s guts all over the bunker floor.
The time away from Steve, away from their relationship, was opening Tony’s eyes a bit.  He was suddenly remembering that Steve had refused to speak up on his behalf to the team about Nat and that stupid profile.  He expected Tony to forgive and forget.
Steve stared in horrified shock at Tony’s letter.
As for the Accords, I don’t particularly care that you didn’t agree with me (that happens in relationships), but just as a tip, the world does.  Enjoy being a fugitive.  If you need me, don’t call.  I don’t care.
“I am so lucky to be mated to such a wonderful and caring Alpha, who has shown me the true beauty in submitting and how as a bonded omega I am now fulfilling my proper role in our society.
Flash Back    *******************************************************
Pepper was beautiful, pale skin with a burning halo of fiery hair as she looked down on him with such love, he could feel her knot forming but she hadn’t lost herself in rutting, her fingers gently wiped his tears and the soft kisses shook the last of his fears away, he was safe in his Alpha’s arms and never wanted to leave, trying his best to project all the positive emotion he could he stared up at Pepper;
“Such a tiny amount of cum, only to be expected from such a little prick.  I don’t know why your Alphas want to keep it, perhaps I will cast an illusion spell, magic it away so they can see how pretty you are all smooth, just like a proper meg bitch.”
He drifted off to sleep a smile on his face, he was going to get his life back, he couldn’t wait to have Tony hanging off his knot again.
This chapter got totally taken over by Pepper and her transformation.
Needless to say, the thin fabric had not fared well once the girls were bought in to be photographed, his breast milk leaking out even before his babies had been settled on the floor in front of him.  A few shots in and the girls now bored and hungry crawled their way on to his lap, mouths seeking out his tender swollen nipples, protesting at the material covering them.  Winter had just reached over and ripped the material away, giving the girls a chance to latch on properly.  Tony had lowered his eyes not wanting to see the gleeful look on the photographer’s face as he took pictures of the girls feeding.
He could not expect Tony to adjust straight away so he would limit any room for errors, after all it would become tedious having to always chastise his omega but at the same time he could not allow him to much slack.  He was having to cram years of omega training into a short amount of time, he had no idea what Howard was thinking allowing in omega son to run wild why had he not curbed his behaviour early on what was the reason behind not bonding him at a young age.  He was not impressed at all with the way modern society condoned such poor behaviour amongst the wealthy and high society omegas.
“I am going to cuff your wrist and and one of your legs, l don’t trust you yet, and until l do l am not taking any chances.”
Steve maneuvered them out of the bath and into the shower for a quick clean up much to Tony’s disgust.  Wrapping Tony in one of the large warm soft fully towels off the heated towel rail he quickly dried and dressed himself.  Tony sat blinking blearily up at him making no effort to move.  Steve made sure his omega was dry and his hair only slightly damp before ushering him down to medical for his exam.  JARVIS had already cleared the way of any SI workers, whilst Steve did not mind the Avengers and a select few others see his omega naked he did not want anyone else to see him or take pictures that would then appear on the internet.  Tony still blissed out from his orgasm walked quietly behind and to the side of his Alpha not noticing he was still naked until his butt hit the cold leather of the examination table.
Tilting his baby boy’s head back with his other hand he claimed trembling lips, pushing his tongue inside to claim every part of his mouth, enjoying the sweet taste of apples lingering inside. Thrusting up with his hips he rutted against the diaper, revelling in the feel of his hard cock sliding through small hands slick with precum.
Now strip and bend over the couch, you have a second chance to come and show me that you are willing to learn.  This cock ring will focus all your attention on your empty cunt, and don’t think I am going to stimulate you prostrate so you can orgasm.  I will fuck your boy pussy with the head of my cock only.”
Natty sobbed as her cunt was plugged and the hood once again cut of her sight and hearing.  On shaking limbs she crawled behind Natasha, there had to be a way to escape this horror.
There is non consensual bonding and rape of a female in this chapter, do not read if this is going to be triggering or not something you want to read.
“ You are all such beautiful and clever little pups, I love you and am so proud of all of you.”
Minutes had passed and still no one had made a move towards him, he could feel their eyes on him, and he was aware of the trail of cum and slick leaking from his hole.  He hoped and prayed that they would all just walk away, sickened by Steve’s callous words and behaviour.
The two days dragged by, he ate everything that appeared, dressed in the slutty outfits and shoes that appeared on the table each morning and evening, performed the increasingly erotic poses, even though he hated every minute of doing so.
“Tony have you had any thoughts on Sarah’s other name?  I was thinking maybe you would like it to be Maria after your mother, Sarah Peggy Maria stark Rogers fits perfectly and of course you will be Tony stark Rogers.   No capital letter for your surname is now used as an indicator to show who is the omega, it is one of the old traditions that is returning, now that omegas need to be identified and registered due to the drop in their numbers after the Snap and the fact that so few omegas survived the Reversal.”
Hours later he was moved to the sun room and cuffed to the frame.
Withdrawing his cock, he watches as Tony’s lips try to chase his cock, pink tongue darting out to lick one last drop of cum. His of omega frowns at the loss so Steve slips two fingers in to his mouth and lets him suckle on them until his face smooths out and he sighs deeply and starts to snore quietly.
Clint and Natasha kissed over Pepper’s bowed head, it was such fun tormenting Pepper, the bitch was so concerned about her position as CEO, she rarely stood up to them at all on a personal level , any respect she had with the Avengers had long disappeared as she continued to allow them to do anything they wanted, without proffering an alternative solution that gave her some control..  Clint suspected that she had always had a streak of submissiveness within her but had deeply suppressed it, but now having had their serum and constantly being dominated and put in humiliating positions it was rising fully to the surface as much as she would try to deny it.
“Thank you, sir I will do the President proud,  I am just grateful that I no longer have to listen to Darcy’s infernal rants on the rights of omegas, you have no idea of the amount of times I have just wanted to throw her over my knee and slap all her stupid ideas out of her.
Now open up, you have a few more spoonfuls left, then another bowl of porridge to eat before daddy can feed you the rest of your bottle.”
Epilogue
Shivering at the hard tone of voice, unable to look up from his feet he shuffled back to the bed, there was no way he would be able to climb back on as it was raised to high and his limbs were already trembling with exhaustion.
“Well I think we can accommodate you this time Miss Darcy being that we all know how forgetful and stupid you pretty little omegas are.  Agents escort Miss Darcy to the President whilst I deal with getting her brother out of here.”
Withdrawing his cock he slapped it against Tony’s cheeks waiting for his answer, pre-cum and saliva coating his omega’s tear stained face.
The crack of his palm as it met the soft flesh of his omega’s behind echoed loudly round the room. He waited for the count, giving the startles omega time to gather his wits.
Natasha showed Pepper to the guest suite, making no move to leave as she unpacked her overnight bag.
Winter our omega bitch’s throat is as tight as her cunt, come on little whore work those throat muscles, milk my cock, I want to see your belly bulging with our cum.”
Best if all there was his omega tied up, ready and waiting to play with and no Steve in sight to hold him back.  Wiping his knife on his pant leg he stalked towards his new toy, time to teach his bitch a lesson in submission it was never going to forget. Pressing the disrupter in his pocket he gave himself 20 minutes of uninterrupted play without the nosy A.I interfering.
“No daddy, pick up, pick up now! No like it, want milk, want daddy now!”
“Now go put Tony in his room, he needs to rest before tonight’s event, make sure you insert his plugs, I need his holes good and stretched for tonight’s activities.  You can watch the proceeding onscreen from our suite or have a night out with the other Avengers to let of some steam, you have to be a member to be able to attend the gatherings of The Elite Alpha Club, unfortunately as a secondary Alpha you do not qualify, stupid rule but that is how they work.”
Steve was intrigued, he had read up on penial docking and the length recovery time so anything that could reduce this he was all in favour of, the self – lubricating asshole request had been meant as a bit of a joke based on Tony’s weird love of reading A/B/O fanfiction as a way of de-stressing, now he was highly excited at the thought of it being a reality.
Skip forward in time –
End of flashback.
“Come along Darcy, I have a meeting in the Oval Office in ten minutes, I want you under my desk warming my cock, if you make any noise you will have another appointment with my rattan cane.”
4. No panties or bra ever (unless given specific lingerie to wear).
Warning if you do not feel comfortable with corporal punishment and dubiously consensual blow jobs do not read this chapter.
“Little cow, start fucking yourself now!  That’s it, you will soon settle into a rhythm, four titties is lucky she can just kneel there and take it, once the stud arrives she will have to move her fat arse, still she has big strong thigh muscles so should be able to ride him.”
There was a blur as the Shield hurtled passed him to hit Steve who had managed to throw Widow off him.  Then he could only watch as his his Alpha leapt onto Steve and the fight began.
Natasha ran her fingers over the smooth skin, pressing down on the small, raised bump, the room filled with the scent of omega slick.  She took a deep breath, her own scent of arousal mingling, as she pushed her fingers into his tight cunt. She smirked as the omega immediately started to respond.
Frustrated and horny he pushed the omega to the floor dragging him back through the workshop, not caring the omega had to crawl through glass fragments as they made their way to the lift and up to the penthouse, leaving a trail of blood.
“The omega injections this morning will begin to inhibit her alpha neurotransmitters and provide a pathway for the combined antidote.  It remains to be decided what level of antidote to give her, the results show that 20/80 ratio should remove the virus completely and leave her near her previous alpha baseline taking into account her new beta alpha position.”
The other breeding bitches had settled into a weird  pack structure, Pepper definitely the leader, followed by Peter, Jane , Betty then Natty, who didn’t even make any attempt to fight for a position she just accepted that she was at  the bottom.
Steve had adapted incredibly well to the modern world, but the one thing he had carried forward in time was his belief that women were the weaker sex and should be home makers, and mothers. He allowed that there were a few exceptions but even those should still have a dominant partner to keep them in their place at home.  He was clever enough to hide it from those women in powerful positions in Government and Business, but she knew that over the next year there would be major changes within the senior management levels within Stark Industries.
Bruce rubbed his glasses as he thought of the best approach to take with answering Steve.
Winter had Tony up stand up against the mirror, plump round bottom stuck out read to receive his punishment.  Their little bitch was already leaking milk and slick in anticipation, taking his time he ran the heavy studded paddle over each fat globe, turning it occasionally so the that the edge dipped into his crack and rubbing it against the still loose, puffy hole.   Once the paddle was drenched in sweet smelling slick he raised his arm, pausing so that the omega could watch his refection, arse tensing in anticipation of the blow before bringing the paddle down to connect with the pale flesh.
He grabbed hold of the stubby cock, lifting it so he could look at the smooth skin when his balls had been, sneering as the gasp and slight thrust of hips from the alpha slut. Slick was already leaking from his hole, stinking up the room, there was nothing pleasing about his scent but the again he did not want to be attracted to the bastard, he was here to deliver the final humiliation.
“Baby, you have the sweetest and tiniest cock, it’s perfect.  It’s so soft and is going to be such fun to play with, l wonder if l can get a tiny sound and cock cage made for when you are a naughty brat.
Chapter 41
Still at least you will heal before the pups are
Natasha pushed Pepper away as soon as Jarvis announced the allotted time had passed.
Smiling, Steve wrapped Tony in a tight embrace kissing the top of his head.
Pepper suspected that was the reason he played up and was so brattish at Shield, as he could get away with it there, as no one had control of him and due to the amount of tech and funding he supplied Fury, Hill and Coulson just had to put up with it.
Tony whined and squirmed trying to push the bottle away with his hands but his daddy was to strong even when he was being gentle with him.  Giving in he sucked down the last few ounces of milk letting out a relieved sigh when the bottle was finally taken from his mouth.
“Tony let me get you some milk and oatmeal with honey.  That’s what you have been eating these last few months for breakfast, your stomach is delicate, you need to be careful that you don’t make yourself sick trying to eat rich, fatty food.”
“ Sex Doll, l want you on your hands and knees, showing me your sloppy cunt.
Steve began to pour the thick creamy shake into the open mouth of his silent omega, he started slow to get him used to swallowing on demand, after a quarter of the glass was empty he increased the pace of his delivery knowing that Tony’s throat already raw from his earlier deep throating would not be able to keep up. Sure enough, Tony choked on the next mouthful splattering Steve’s leg with shake.
“Enough, l want my bitch to be able to work this afternoon.
“Here is your breakfast, now get gone the stocks await you, don’t forget that Colborn the blacksmith is expecting you for lunch, he has some pretty iron rings for your cunt.”
Hulk had partially transformed, at 7ft he was a foot and a half off his fulll height and carrying less bulk and muscle.  Shuffling over he claimed the leash from Winter’s hand, pulling him over to a large metal table and with ease picked him up placing him in the centre.  It was not until he glanced down that he realised he was kneeling in warm soapy water.  Thick fingers tugged at the rubber harness removing the lower half along with the dildo in his asshole, Tony whined as the partially deflated knot caught on his swollen rim, with a final tug Hulk pulled it out, replacing it with one of his thick digits.  The rough, skinned finger grazed the walls of his channel as it pushed up seeking out his prostrate, once found the continuous scape of Hulk’s nail over the sensitive nub had him groaning, hips pushing backwards as he tried to impale himself on the thick digit, copious amounts of slick making it easier to slide down past the second joint.  It took a few moments to register that he was stuck, unable to move forward or further down, the knuckle acting like a knot locking him in place.
2.	Labour and birth will be celebrated in the presence of the pack as was traditional in the past so that both the pups and the pack recognise each others scents and form the beginning of pack bonds. You will be able to show your pack what a good strong omega bitch is capable of.  After the birth you will be sequestered with the pups as is normal so that you can fully bond with them.  The amendment to this tradition is that it will not be for the full original term, it is not needed as bonding takes only a few days and the rest of the time was so that omegas could regain their health and post pregnancy body shape. Due to healing factor given by the serum you will not need this length of time and also since you will be bred again straight away.
Satisfied that he had fully marked his omega he lined up his cock and pushed into the slick glistening hole in one swift thrust, setting a steady rhythm work the omega’s tight channel until he felt his knot begin to form, withdrawing until just the head of his cock was left inside he squeezed his inflating knot, his cum pumped deep into Tony’s passage.
Sam sat back and thought for a moment.  Steve sat back and thought for a moment.  Clint sat back and thought for a moment, but was still mostly indifferent.  Wanda didn’t bother thinking because why should she.  Nat just shrugged, because she never said anything different.  Men are just stupid and gullible.  Captain America is no different.
Steve thought for a moment about how he wanted this to play out.
“Did you know,” Tony asked.  After, lying in a completely broken suit while he waited (hoped) for rescue, Tony would reflect on the fact that not only had Steve lied, he hadn’t even felt a bit bad about it.
“I know.  I know.  It’s just New York.  The wormhole.  And then the Mandarin,” Tony added and sighed when Steve closed his eyes in obvious sorrow and guilt.  “I’m not blaming you, honey.  It’s just all adding up, you know,” Tony added, consolingly.
“Where are we, Steve,” Tony whispered.  He felt like the answer to that question was the important one.  There should have only been one place for Steve to go after the Accords debacle.
Tony stared.
“What,” the others all cried out in shock, but Bucky still looked honestly confused.
“OK—so, it’s obvious that I’m in a hospital bed.  And I’m strapped in to prevent damage upon waking,” he stated, but it was a question as well.
Bucky gaped.
“Mothers are special, aren’t they?  They’re something else entirely,” Steve said softly.
Two hours later, they had a basic plan in order.  There were a couple of issues though.
Eventually Sam agreed, but he was quite sure of one thing.  For some reason, Captain America didn’t trust Tony Stark to do the right thing.  The Black Widow clearly agreed, and Steve did seem to trust the spy.  Later, Nat (because, of course, she was Nat after what they went through together) gave him Stark’s file.  It explained a lot.
“Stark,” Bucky asked in surprise.  “Why’d he write you?”
“Well, we had been on a break, but we never officially broke up or anything.  Tony’s not the kind you let get away,” Steve added.  He looked surprised when Clint and Nat just smirked at each other.  They had no intention of letting their mark get away.
“They’re dating,” Wilson said to Buck’s bemusement.
“But, the helicarriers,” Sam added.  “You’re talking about dropping them out of the sky,” he paused for effect, “onto D.C.!”
“Letter from Tony,” Steve sighed forlornly.
“No,” Steve gaped, horrified.
Zemo knew enough of the situation to already know that Captain America defied most people’s expectations, and not in a positive way.  He had clearly hidden the Stark murders from the son, but Zemo had initially been sure that it was to protect Barnes, or the Winter Soldier.  Zemo wasn’t convinced there was still much of Bucky Barnes left after Hydra’s work.  Yet, Barnes seemed much more wary of his life-long friend at the moment if the subtle twitch of his eye was any sort of tell.  He watched, first Stark, and then Rogers in this little stand-off, but he was definitely resigned to some less than ideal fate by this point (also not unexpected).  And the video wasn’t even over yet!  Zemo smiled a shark-like smile as he began to slip away.  He was leaving just as Stark turned to Rogers with a broken look in his eyes—delicious revenge!
“Uh, I think I missed something,” Tony said, strained.  Steve finally let go and then sat back in his chair, crossing his legs.  He looked more like a dignified, political general than a soldier at the moment.
Tony stepped back suddenly and looked at Steve seriously.
Sam stared at the Black Widow and Captain America, both sitting on his living room couch!  They looked a mess with torn clothes, dirt and scratches littering their skin, and confused, hunted expressions on their faces.
Letter to Steve:
“Every time I think you’ve finally got it right you do things like this, Tony,” Steve yelled (heaven forbid I use the substantially larger brain that I have, Captain America).
‘Maybe Captain America IS a murderer,’ Tony thought in horror as that stupid shield came down a final time.  Why was he constantly being screwed over because of Howard and his stupid legacy?
“You’re going to release ALL of that security information on the Internet?!  You know that once that cat is out of the bag, there’s no putting it back, right?  I mean, sure there is a lot of Hydra info in that, but what about all of the other info—agent files, things that keep our nation secure during peacetime and if we have to go to war,” Sam asked uneasily.
"Maybe we should take a break, after the upcoming mission, the search for Strucker's base," Steve asked, rubbing Tony's shoulder.
“I’ll fight you,” Tony whispered, his eyes looking panicked and his breath starting to get short—because he might have guessed a bit about Steve, but he had never expected this.  This changed things.
Tony was in shock.  Steve didn’t even reprimand Thor, he just pointed out that they had other things to worry about.
“Steve,” Bucky interrupted.  “You kissed that dame right in front of me and Wilson,” Bucky said.  He looked even more confused when Wilson just snickered.
If the Avengers were my family, I would consider them the crazy uncles in the basement that you NEVER tell anyone about.
“Oh, Tony.  No concern for Howard,” he asked with a pout.
It all goes downhill
Steve Rogers and Tony Stark LITERALLY live in different universes (most of the time).
That’s you, baby,” he finished with a smile that was too soft to be anything other than creepy in this situation.
And then Leipzig.  And, of course, Widow is Widow.  And Rhodey.  He HATES them all, but Steve clearly knows something.  Clint, that bug man, and Wilson all make judgmental remarks about him being a traitor, as if he was ever anything but loyal to them in the past.  As if they ever treated him as a teammate.  As if he OWED these people any loyalty now.  He was just sick of it.
“Please Alphas” he begs loudly, “fuck me, knot me!”
Peter wailed when Bruce shot his load and cried as his nearly attained orgasm receded.  It wasn’t fair he had been so close and had done ever Bruce had asked.
Finally, he was released, and made to crawl and kneel in front of the next stall.
Pepper could hear Natasha laughing as she left the room, thighs shaking she balanced her weight, trying to support herself sinking further onto the bottles.
He loves the feel of sliding into Tony’s tight little boy cunt, his cock squeezed tight as he forces his full length deep in one thrust.  Tony’s little mewls and squeals make him smile as he pulls him up to sit on his lap, his fingers finding hard little nipples, twisting them until his little one screams and his cum floods his boy cunt.
Happy had hustled her into hair and makeup, chatting to the girls as they prepared Pepper.
I could prescribe a synthetic stimulant that can be rubbed on to the anal glands to encourage them in to producing a larger amount of slick and if your pet’s anal passage is kept fully plugged when not being used, with time it would be stretched enough to be used multiple times in one day.  This still does not guarantee your pet will develop, it is just a stop gap whilst waiting to see if your pet physical matures.
But it was the candid photo taken by a young freelance photographer, along with the President’s speech, who had somehow managed to sneak into the Gala that swayed political and public opinion further in favour of the new Omega Registration Laws, giving Alphas complete control of omegas.
“Good milk cow, now come!”
Steve smiles over at Winter as he speaks, leaning across he licks at the milk coating the other Alpha’s lips, Winter returns the favour and the kiss deepens as both raise on to their knees bodies coming together above their bound omega.  Steve wraps his milk coated hand firmly around their cocks working their hard lengths until both erupt coating their omega in cum, shuddering through the aftershock they stay wrapped in each others embrace, foreheads resting together lost in the moment of their bond settling in place.
“Uh ... uh…again ... harder ... come on.. oh my god please don’t stop!.”
“Such a fucking, knot slut, don’t think we can’t smell your cunt juices squirting from your bitch hole. Your pathetic little cocklet is soft and useless, perhaps we should just get rid of it all together, breeding bitches should be smooth, they only need a mouth, cunt and asshole for their Alphas to fuck, what do you think Steve?”
Pepper didn’t like the disruption to her routine and had threatened to send Peter to an Omega Training Facility if he did not settle and obey.
La tua madre sta vicino,
His wayward and promiscuous behaviour is in the past and as his Alpha I will see that he is suitably chastised for any transgressions or offences if he were to stray from what I deem acceptable behaviour for my omega.
Natasha take Pepper for her makeover.  Needless to say Pepper is not happy.
Steve quickly released Tony ordering JARVIS to call the armour as he ran off to change into his uniform and grab his shield.
Gently rolling Tony onto his back he props his head up with two pillows.
“P please, I want to go home, w..want my Steve.”
He chuckled as he cuffed Tony to the bed covering him with a sheet, Tony was going to hate yet another loss of control over his body.  He would protest and be disciplined for it but in the end he would accept the changes as his instinctive drive to nurture  his pups would take priority over anything else as his pregnancy developed.
still nothing changed, he didn’t understand what he was doing wrong.
Both Alphas stepped back leaving the writhing omega to fall to the floor, his hands groping at his caged cock trying to seek release. Neither were prepared to go any further, knowing that penetration was off limits, it was enough for them to have shown Peter his place and have him suffer the wrath of his Alpha for being late, they stepped off the elevator when it reached their floor, leaving the sobbing omega rutting against the hard surface of the elevator floor.
"Fuck, fuck! Such a good bitch, keep swallowing it down like the omega cum dump you are.”
“The harm caused to Alphas by allowing the Emancipation of Omegas has now been redressed.”
Bruce turned to Pepper, this time putting more force behind his Alpha voice.
Steve roared with victory as he threw Tony’s legs over his shoulders and punched his cock into her back pussy, he sent a thanks to Bruce for the idea of naming it that, he had never liked the term arsehole.  He bottomed out in seconds the tight walls gripping his cock, he didn’t even give her a moment to adjust before he began to slam his cock in and out of her hole, he watched as Tony’s face contorted with pain as he rammed her back pussy until she was screaming and begging for his knot.
Reaching round he shoved four fingers  into her cunt, Pepper’s high pitched screams muffled by the gag as he thrust in tandem,  he paid not attention to her clit or nipples, this was purely a dirty, hard fuck to put the bitch in her place and ensure that both Packs understood that he was the Head Alpha and would not be fucked with.
Short slicked back black hair with shorn sides, perfectly applied make-up, lips ruby red lips with matching nails. Her slim boyish figure dressed in tight black pants and a form fitting silk shirt that showed her small breasts and hard nipples through the thin material, her feet were clad in the omega sandals favoured by traditionalists.
Tony hung from Steve’s knot, his backside throbbing from the severe spanking he had received after his first knotting.  He is face blushed bright red as Steve walked into the lounge, greeting all the other Avengers as though he did not have him hanging from his cock.
“Take a good look at yourself sweetheart, you are now my perfect baby boy, the height reduction has been incredibly successful at 4ft 11 inches.  Your legs bow, giving you that swaying gait when you walk, and make room for your padded diapers, turning it to such a cute baby waddle.  But you will be crawling most of the time, only big boys get to walk.
“Anthony Edward Stark, will you accept me as your Alpha, will you be my Bonded and Mated Omega, will you give your promise to abide by my rules and live your life as my Omega?”
First time litters can take a long time so just keep your omega hydrated and fed, the birth channel is still tight so you may want to either fuck your bitch before full labour starts or insert an expanding dildo to help loosen the muscles further.
Betty was determined to make the best of her situation, she was glad now not to be an omega as it would have been more difficult to get what she wanted but pissed that she was not an Alpha.  Now she needed to work even harder to ensure the kind of future that she wanted, there was no way she was running back to the farm, tail between her legs.
Tony lost himself in the sheer brightness of Steve’s eyes and the absolute conviction and sincerity in his voice.  Covered and filled by the alpha, he felt safe and protected.
“Please Steve” Tony moans.
“I’veneverhadsexwithamanbeforeorhadanythinginmyassuntilyourfinger.”
Before he left to meet with Bruce, he placed some soft cuffs on Tony’s wrists, clipping them to the bed.  Tony looked so beautiful covered in his marks, his thighs spattered with dry cum and slick.  Taking a large plug from his bedside drawer he gently worked it in passed the swollen ring to sit it deep in the omega’s hole.
Hauling Tony down to straddle his thighs he jostled the large metal butt plug, pushing it further up in to his channel then allowing it to drop the heavy weight pulling at the tight ring of muscles making his Omega gasp and groan as his body tried to expel the foreign object seated within.  There was no chance of Tony being able to expel it on his own, the expanding plug was at is largest and programmed to reduce only on Steve’s command or in the event of a medical emergency JARVIS could use his override protocols if Steve was not available.
I don’t expect you to reach this level for a sometime, so for now I want you to hold yourself as still as you can, though I want to hear your pretty sounds as I touch you.  You will not be able to orgasm due to the catheter and even when removed in a few days you are going to have to wait for permission from your Alpha before being allowed the reward of an orgasm.”
A large bowl of what looked like oatmeal sprinkled with blueberries was placed in his lap, Steve raised the spoon to his lips and waited. Tony stared at the spoon aware that his Alpha was giving him one last chance to comply before the hand that was gently cupping his jaw forced his mouth open.
He stabbed at the embroidery, muttering to himself, it wasn’t fair, he should have what he wanted, he was used to living in luxury, it was his due as a superhero, he didn’t want to be reminded of when he had been poor and living with his Ma in their pitiful flat.  Bucky’s home had been so much more comfortable. He couldn’t see why his Ma hadn’t got a second job or work more shifts in order to provide for him, it was his due as the alpha of the family.
“Thank you Happy, can you unload Tony, the Omega Crate is automated so will just follow my signal.  I want all the Staff to see my Omega and to understand the consequences of lying about your orientation.”
Steve smirked as he saw his omega’s reaction to his taunts in the full length mirror he had place at the end of the bed for that very reason.  It had been an interesting discovery to find out that Tony did not like to see himself when being fucked or performing any sexual act at all.  His eyes shied away every time and Steve had to force him to keep them open and looking into the mirror or face punishment.
4.	Milk her for two hours four times a day, feed her for twenty minutes then start the process again.
“So pretty, just like a girl.”
Hulk pinched hard on the nipple held between his fingers, before releasing it to slap the swaying udder.
“Alpha your, cum has awakened my taste buds, I am hungry will you feed me please?”
True to his word the President ensured that Darcy attended every public function kneeling by his side, collared and leashed.  He took great enjoyment in exposing her full breasts, complete with nipple clamps. Her small pregnant belly straining against her short omega shift, the thin gauzy material hiding nothing. When he made kneel with her thighs apart the Press and Photographers were stunned to see her exposed clit and heavily pierced labia.
Preparations for the Gala.
Once Tony was propped up on his ridiculous mound of pillows, Steve offered him a small bite sized piece of cake, lifting it up to his lips.  He could see the frown and protest forming, it was time to nip this in the bud before the brewing tantrum erupted.
“In the Red Room omegas were seen as little more that fuck toys, useless stupid weak things that needed to be disciplined continuously to keep them obedient and compliant.
Widow watched BB’s eyes widen in fear, she could see the moment that it registered that she had no control over what happened to her, that the President could do anything he wanted and there was no one to stop him.
Steve smiled down at his omega, he had known from the beginning that Tony secretly got off on being humiliated in sexual situations and had an exhibitionist kink a mile wide, but would deny it along with his deep seated and hidden need for approval.  Steve had no idea what Howard was thinking with his treatment of his son, but it meant that Steve had yet another way of taming Tony.
