Straightening with a groan, Dean brushes off the shavings from his pants. “Really, so you are done with everything? Even the sigils?”
When you had a demon as a boyfriend you got used to some odd requests in bed. Not that Castiel complained, he had always viewed himself as quite adventurous, not shying away from the more fun things you could do in bed such as power play, spanking, and fun with ropes.
Dean feels Cas press his mouth against his head and kiss him. “You were talking about the benefits of this wondrous canopy pergola.”
Tying off the apron, Dean was ready. “Should I have ordered a hat? Damn it! Next time, I'll order a hat.”
Castiel, former angel of the Lord had been back from the Empty for two days but it felt like two fucking lifetimes. Cas' grace was left behind in that dark place and it was not the only thing that had stayed in the Empty. Apparently, Dean's ability to say anything substantial had evaporated. That's why Dean was sequestered in his bedroom, nursing glass number who-the-fuck-was-counting of whiskey.
Clearing his throat, Dean rubs the back of his neck. “Come on, Cas. I thought I was the one supposed to seduce you. Open up my message now.” He eats the cookie while Cas cracks open the fortune cookie that was Dean's.
He tears it open, pours some in the palm of his hand and calls out. “Henley, here, here.” You feathery bastard. He tosses some Skittles on the ground.
“Something to say, Dean?” The other Dean grins but all Dean hears is malice in its voice and all he sees is those black, terrible eyes, void of compassion and soul.
After discarding their dirty clothes, Dean and Cas walk behind the house and follow a path into the forest.
He wasn’t here for wrapping paper. He was really more of a gift box guy. And he hadn’t come for presents either, not precisely.
Dean flies up. “Blackmailing is wrong.” He leaves the bed unmade and drags himself to the dresser. Opening the first drawer he pulls on some socks and grabs a pair of underwear. He notices the texture but is too fucking tired to care. They'll do. Done with the underwear, he pulls a T-shirt over his head and is almost out the door when he realizes he has no pants.
Dean groans. He's so close already and the way Witch Dean sucks, it won't be long. “Mm, just like that. Fuck.”
He poured more oil on his hands and moved on to the lesser coverts which had him standing by the side of the bed to reach them and get the right angle to apply adequate pressure. Until that moment, Cas has been facing right, with his head resting on his hands.
“I know, but it's nice of you to say so, Dean.” He grinned and just as Dean was to respond with a  scathing remark, Cas started fucking him in earnest. Gasping out in surprise, Dean tugged at Cas' hand until he was free. The bed moved in rhythm with Cas' thrusts and soon Dean's hands flew behind him to grab the headboard as leverage.
Cas furrows his brow again and looks all serious. Dean wants to kiss him, and then he remembers that he can do just that, so he leans in slowly.
Goosebumps rise on Dean's body. Castiel is nowhere to be seen. It's as if the darkness has consumed him; like he was never there. Only the parting gifts that are marred into Dean's skin tell him of Castiel's presence. He is real.
Dean takes a swig of his beer. “Huh, Australorp you say...” He follows the gray chicken with his eyes. “So how long until the food gives us food?”
He can't remember any of the dreams he's had but Dean wakes up horny as fuck. He looks to his right, and sees Cas in bed, reading a book.
And sure, he was technically an adult, eighteen this past spring and Cas had turned the same, the winter prior and adults were supposed to have their shit together, figure life out, yet life to him was a mystery. He barely knew what to eat for breakfast, let alone what he'd do tomorrow or what college he'd apply to. But he knew that he loved Cas.
Cas smiles as he pulls the sleeping bag on top of him. “True. I didn't want to disappoint Hester and the others. I had a certain level of celestial symmetry that I was expected to uphold. In Heaven and on Earth. Not that physical symmetry of the body has any correlation to that.” Cas pulls Dean close and hugs him.
Cas looked at Dean like he was an idiot. “Yes. You just described the profound bond we have. One we've always had. I'm both. Didn't I say you changed me? I love you. Not like the Host loves humans, or like a parent loves a child. I love you romantically, epically, unconditionally and willingly.”
The chickens seem content to walk the grounds though. Dean calls out. “Hey, chickens! Your crib is done.” They don't give a damn about him, but continue to do chicken stuff. He shrugs and walks up to them and tosses them some corn. They pick it up eagerly and the black chicken pauses for a second to stare up at Dean before it clucks.
“Yeah, you can say that. Holy shit, Cas.” And in a moment of weakness, or rather absolutely clarity where his mind was aligned with his soul's absolute truth, they came from his lips, those words he'd guarded for so long. “I love you.”
he sighs, like his love for Dean is all-forgiving, even when it comes to bad chicken jokes. It's in how his eyes crinkle with mirth.
Hell, yeah!” Dean strokes his fingers against a frying pan. “Oh man, it's ceramic copper nonstick. Works on induction. And Cas, take a look at this.” There is no mistaking the joy in Dean's voice. “Casserole and a
He doesn't dabble in the arts any longer, not since his mother had passed away three years earlier, yet he can't bring himself to throw away any of the supplies. Going through a forgotten duffel bag he finds a new set of paintbrushes and decides to store them together with his other things.
A burst of love shots through, Dean. Even though they've been together for over a decade, Cas still manages to make Dean feel like a giddy teenager at times. Folding the paper neatly, he puts it back in his pocket. Grabbing his lunch bag, Dean closes the door behind him.
“So uh--you want a three piece suit for someone else based on your measurements but with thicker thighs and broader shoulders?” She put her hands on her hips. “That is not how tailored suits work, buddy.”
Dean taps his phone. “I googled.” He strokes Cas' arm. “Come on, I'll make you your favorite sandwiches.”
After Cas, Sam and Eileen had hugged Jack too, Dean broke off the cuddling. “Alright, time to eat this beauty.”
He keeps his eyes glued to the scene, committing it to memory. Soon that calm is shattered as a figure bursts out of the front door.
Dean takes with it almost reverent hands. The first taste of coffee is like a jolt to his system: he finally feels awake. He exhales softly and takes another sip. “Man, I don't know what brand you used but this coffee tastes fucking amazing.”
Witch Dean pokes at Dean's chest. “Or else? You're in no position to threaten me. And fine, I'll answer your question. I know you're not the most trustworthy of guys so I'll speed things along. You know that thought is creation right? That's how Chuck created those worlds. He was a writer writing his story until it ended. You're not even aware how shitty the ending was, because you managed to change your ending.” Witch Dean raises an eyebrow as if checking that Dean follows.
Dean exhales again and Castiel pushes. Finally, his cock breaches Dean's hole and a groan is ripped from Dean. It's too much to articulate in words. Dean pants instead as sweat blooms on his skin. “Shit, oh my god.”
After Castiel's back from tossing the wipes in the trash, Dean pulls him into a hug. “How long are we gonna torment them?”
Putting the drill aside, Dean grabs some twine and puts it through the hole in the cabbage. He ties it off and holds up his creation. A cabbage ball. A fucking
Castiel lets go of him. Dean is so damn close yet fear turns his body cold. The notion of failing Castiel seems inconceivable, irredeemable.
“Please, Father...” Dean's body is practically vibrating, and he's not sure whether that's from the sweat now cooling his body or if the trembles are from sheer anticipation. Maybe it's both.
The box is not big, roughly the size of his hand and more shaped like a chest than a box really. Dean tries prying open the lid but it doesn't budge. He grabs the box and shakes it. Something rattles inside.
Cas bit his lip, moaning softly as Dean brushed his fingers against his cock. His own cock twitched in response. Dean pulled the belt away and dropped it to the floor with a soft thud.
Cas bucks down into him with a cut off moan that's lost in Dean's mouth. It's the sweetest thing he's ever tasted. It's instinct: Cas dropping almost all his weight on Dean, Dean lurching up into him full bodied. It doesn't matter if it's good or not, but it still very much is—something Cas seems to agree with as he shoves one hand under Dean's hips, pulling him forward as the other clenches in his hair.
"Really?" Dean has the wherewithal to lean back so Cas can see his raised eyebrow. He can count the pores on his face. "The hell have you been doing this whole time then?"
, is the thing, which shouldn't be a word that fits this grown man-shape holding a power that could wipe him from existence with a thought, but it does. It's endearing. Dean's endeared, alright? They're gonna die tomorrow, he can admit that to himself.
Cas does kiss him for that, hard, but only for a second before he pulls back to regretfully add, "There's a load of laundry in the washer and the dryer both."
Cas doesn't sit up from his slouch in the pillows, but his head turns to face Dean completely the way it didn't last week.
With that in mind, he wiggles his fingers out at Cas again, approaching slowly as he croons along, "Come on, baby."
"Yes," Cas says, once Dean can breathe again. "I like you, Dean. Very much. More than I do anything else."
The amulet falls easily around Cas's neck, landing with a hollow thud against his chest. Cas's eyes take a second to unlock from Dean's and actually see what it is, but when he does, they widen just enough to be noticeable.
Trying not to clear his throat too obviously, Dean steps away after another second, biting back a whine as Cas leaves a handprint of heat over his ribs. Now that he knows what it's like, it's gonna take all his substantial skills of repression to not kiss Cas however he can get him every time they cross paths. He doesn't feel great about his chances.
Cas smiles, the tiniest laugh escaping his mouth as his palm settles over the back of Dean's neck. "No, Dean. Not that kind of vow."
With those few words, Dean tries to telegraph as loudly as possible what he really means: not that this is as far as he'll go, but it might be as good as it gets with him; that he might never get better at verbalizing shit like this, but that doesn't mean he doesn't feel it. It's a lot to convey in only a gesture, but if anyone's going to get it, it's Cas. He has a habit of seeing through Dean's bullshit.
or one of the usual witty rejoinders he's got saved up for times he catches Cas staring at him. His second thought is worse, an echo of the last real thing Cas said to him, but it's true. Cas is beautiful like this and Dean is struck totally stupid by it.
look Cas normally has when Dean clams up. It's confused: guarded, like Cas is torn between asking what's wrong and storming out. It burns in Dean's throat like he's swallowed a mouthful of burs.
The last word rings in his ears as Cas nods. He doesn't know what he's lingering for. He... It's stupid, he already knows Cas wants to come to be useful, and that he'll stay to be safe, but Dean kinda wants the reassurance that Cas wants him to come
Dean turns, and there's the sight he dreamed of hoping for: Cas, hands uplifted in a gentle, human gesture; Cas with that soft smile his eyebrows can't help making the tiniest bit sad. Cas. His best friend. Love in his eyes.
The kiss ends as impulsively as it started when Dean rears back only enough to throw his arms around Cas's shoulders in a toe-to-toe full body hug. This, more than the kiss somehow, is what he's needed for weeks: concrete, unimpeachable proof that Cas is here and not going anywhere. It's more than satisfying even before Cas hugs back, his hands smooth across Dean's back and his ear tucked under Dean's, and then it's better than Dean could have imagined. The air is sweeter from the crook of Cas's neck; Dean fits better in his body when it's wrapped around this man, both of them saved.
He breathes it deeply now and tries not to think about the rest of it, instead clenching his fists carefully in the back of Cas's coat, careful to wrinkle it only along the seams where it's least noticeable. These are Cas's clothes, for real now, and Dean treats them with the same reverence he did the hoodie and jeans Cas dropped in his care when he showered at the bunker and reemerged in Dean's pajamas. Dean would like to see him in his pajamas again. Dean would like a lot of things.
"Because I could do that," he says as he leans infinitesimally closer. "I am... not unaccustomed to worship."
He manages to blindly grab it a couple of times, though it swings shut every time he can't get his arm past Cas enough to get it open all the way. He slides out from under Cas an inch, then another, before Cas pulls him back in.
Cas acquiesces with a squint when Dean gestures for him to go first. It's a lot easier to get dressed one at a time, legroom being a precious resource, and Cas seems to get the appeal when it's his turn to sit back and watch. Dean's not too distracted to catch what might be the twitch of Cas's dick under his shapeless suit pants: plausible enough for Dean to wish he'd gone first. He thinks about turning the radio on, but... This is nice too.
Cas makes a noise of displeasure and knocks their foreheads together, maybe on accident but Dean would guess not. This, unfortunately, has the opposite effect of making Dean laugh, loud, a gleeful bark that fills the car. He's still laughing as he sinks back down into the leather, arms around Cas's shoulders.
If Dean thought he was breathless before, this must be a new kind of dying; all the air in his body leaves him in a rush, every atom's worth of empty space sucked out of him like someone popped the airlock. He's instantly lightheaded and floating, making his next move a little awkward as he ducks forward and finally, finally kisses Cas with already aching lungs.
Cas nods, quietly proud, like Dean has picked the right answer and not just responded the way he always does—like he was ever gonna turn down midday waffles and kicking Cas back under the table. It's more a reaction to the kiss. He doesn't underestimate Dean so much as still not totally believe this can be real, which Dean gets, but seriously. He's not completely useless. He's here to take his boyfriend to lunch, after all. He ain't afraid of no PDA.
Cas nods. Finally out of distractions, Dean turns and beckons for Cas's hand, which he lays on top of Dean's half closed palm.
Dean finally gets the door open and Vanna Whites at it. Though the specific reference is lost on Cas, the meaning is not, so Dean swallows the next joke on his lips and sits.
Cas takes to instruction like a duck to fucking water: once Dean's hand returns to Cas's ass, he's off to the races, grinding down into Dean with unparalleled intensity. Every inch of contact vibrates through Dean's body, pinned between the wildfire conditions between their dicks and the wet heat of the mouth on his shoulder.
"Yeah, okay, that's..." Dean succumbs like a house of cards when Cas starts pulling on the elastic, which catches on his dick until freed by an excruciatingly good tug. "Cas..."
"Dean," comes a whisper in someone's ear, accompanied by some glowing sense, green bathwater warm and sparking gold. "Careful. Don't get lost."
He's somehow an even better kisser than he is a hugger. Maybe Dean's just biased, but those hands feel better on his face than anywhere else—
Things begin to blur after that. Dean loses another shirt; Cas, a few more buttons. He does remove both Dean's boots and his pants with a solemn kiss to his ankle when he's done. He doesn't let Dean return the favor, too focused on getting back to his mouth, but Dean certainly isn't complaining. Who could, with such singular attention on them?
He's gone just as quickly, there and back again. Like it'll undo the entire last five minutes, Dean steels his face into something approaching composure and starts to turn back to the main room, to the bullshit of their lives, only to be stopped by Cas's grip on his shoulder.
Cas turns away, and Dean knows it's because he knows Dean doesn't want to be looked at right now. Ironically, that makes it worse.
"I used to think your laughter was the most beautiful sound I've ever heard," Cas says into his collar, missing the bewildered and nervously horny look Dean shoots the ceiling as his leg hitches higher against Cas's side, "but I may have judged too quickly."
It takes a lot of effort to drink Bobby Singer out of house and home, but hell if they don't give it their best. Not that the man himself does much to put them off the idea—just makes sure he gets the best of what's left. What's he saving it for anyway? This very well could be the end of afters.
"Not so much assumed as hoped," Cas admits. He has on the same little smile he did when they left the house.
is the best day ever," he says as Cas kisses the top of his head. His eyes pop open to look at Dean when he adds, "No offense."
"You saved my life," he starts again fruitlessly, incapable of finding any other words for it in his mess of a head, "I saved your life. You saved my life, saved yours. Saved my life, saved your life!"
As such, it takes Dean a moment to realize what Cas is actually doing: not watching for Dean's reaction but inspecting each inch with intense focus. If bugs under magnifying glasses feel like this, the idiom needs some updating, because it's not... bad. He shivers as Cas's fingertips skim along Dean's eyebrow before landing in four points on the outer arc of his eye socket. Cas's thumb hovers ticklishly against the middle of Dean's other cheek, but that's got nothing on the reverence of it. It should feel claustrophobic. Every well-trained nerve in Dean's body should be screaming at a cage over his face, should be at least trying to throw him off. But...
But Cas, of course, being Cas, won't let it drop. He doesn't try to touch Dean again, but he moves closer, closer than he has in a while. Dean has mostly avoided looking at his face thus far, but there's nowhere else left to look, and isn't that always how it seems to go? And doesn't he always seem to be afraid?
Or ever, but whatever gets him out of here quickest. The ringing in his ears has gotten so loud he half expects it to start shattering the bulbs in the lamps on the surrounding tables, and Dean would really like to get out of there before he says something else stupid—or worse, before Cas says anything at all.
As Cas works his way back down Dean's neck, Dean floats, weightless in the sensation. He's so hard it hurts, his head keeps bumping the window handle, and his mouth is probably still running, but none of it matters in this state. There's always been a part of him with an ear trained for the door, never fully able to let go with even the best of lays, but Cas is different. (He says that a lot, doesn't he? But it's true.) Dean trusts that Cas will keep them safe, and as much as it makes him sound like a damsel in distress, he does like it. Newsflash, but he likes being taken care of in whatever way he can get it.
"Sorry," Cas pants against his lips. His hand is back on Dean's hip, about a good foot and a half from where Dean really needs it right now. "That was an accident."
Still unmoved, Cas lets Dean tug him closer and closer by the hips. He only breaks when there's no room for his folded arms between them, laughing out through his nose as he unfolds his arms over Dean's. The spring sun is warmer here with both of them hanging onto each other, and the tone changes as Dean leans into his space, sweet and sincere.
Castiel rose up and enjoyed the view of a spent Dean – his eyes closed and his breathing shallow. He captured Dean's lips in a kiss. “Now we wait a while, and then it's time for round two.”
what this sounded like, what Cas was saying. His voice sounded dejected, defeated, when he finally spoke. “Why does this sound like a goodbye?”
Preparing for the next strike, Dean is caught between a sigh and a whimper when Castiel strokes his sore skin. “There will be no more reprieve after this. I won't hold back.”
dense, he finds a tiny opening near the ground. “Lorp!” He waits for a while and suddenly hears a loud, shrill shriek. He's got no idea what's happening but he's pretty sure that is not how a chicken is supposed to sound. Dean gets down on his knees.
A thigh shoves in between Dean's legs and Dean moans into the kiss. “Fuck, Cas. You're gonna kill me.”
Dean's back was slammed against the wall as soon as they entered his room. For just a second Dean wished they were back at their own house. Being in his old room felt weird, but then Cas' lips on his neck demanded attention. For a few seconds, Dean reveled in Cas' strength, how his hand still gripped Dean's wrist tightly sending shivers of pleasure throughout his body and making his cock rock hard, how just the
Images come to Dean but they're blurry, unclear. It's never been about pictures in Dean's dreams but more about feelings and sensations. Demanding hands, sharp pulls on hair, mouth claimed with eager tongue and above it all a looming, commanding presence that demands more and Dean giving and giving until there is nothing left to give. And yet it continues.
Dean should have been offended that Cas was so sure of himself, that he was so sure of what Dean would and wouldn't do but that didn't change the fact that Dean wanted to please him.
Cas slams into him, whispering, “You're magnificent, so good” and his hands find the hairs at the nape of Dean's neck and he pulls and that's it; Dean comes hard. Come spurts out of his cock and momentarily a blindfold of pleasure turns his vision hazy. Exhaling, he tries to breathe but Cas is relentless and his cock feels so good. It's almost too much.
Slow at first, Cas moved inside Dean and it was a joining that he had longed for all his life. His hands moved of their own accord, wanting to touch Cas wherever they could.
“You try to be still while being fucked in every way imaginable,” Dean moans but tries to calm down.
The world dims, yet Dean knows the sun is there. He looks up at the clouds but he can't shake off the imminent feeling of darkness. The brook keeps babbling; it's a song that gives Dean shivers.
Cas sniffs. “Of course, Dean, I'm looking at them right now.” He smiles. “The color is nice. I remember humans were quite fond of this style in the '70s. Gabriel certainly was.”
He's grateful that she's gray. If Lorp was the one playing fugitive it would've been impossible to spot her in the dark of the night. Now, thanks to the faint light of the moon and the stars above, he can at least see Henley's poultry outline.
Dean follows Cas as he walks over to the bed on the right, where a young boy sleeps. His dark hair is tousled, he has a cute button nose. He looks like any other kid.
Dean ignored Jared and looked at the Empty. “You want someone. Here. I know your place is one of sleep and silence. Please, take him in Cas' stead and make him shut up. And then stay the fuck away from Cas, or I'll come to kill your slimey ass.”
Dean looks down at his hand. The steel canister should feel cold, but it burns. With a start, Dean drops it and the canister tumbles down into the grass. His hand is throbbing. Dean tightens his fist before slowly uncurling his fingers.
He doesn't miss how Cas turns to look in the back seat. “Did we also need fishing gear and 'the best beef jerky in town', Winchester?”
Dean grins when Sam does bitchface number seven. “Alright, alright, I won't ruin your fun. My bad. Go ahead, Sam.”
A few minutes later they were drying a plate, their movements meticulous – it was one of Min's favorite plates – when a single thought burst forward in their consciousness.
He knew that Castiel had something that Dean needed, and he had faith that Castiel could give it to him.
Cas's look is heavy, as is the silence that follows. It's a nice kind of weight, though, like that of a blanket put over you while still asleep, the physical sensation translated into something emotional, a warm feeling that permeates. Dean looks at Cas and Cas looks at Dean and it's warm and it
"I don't think I've ever 'liked' something before you," he continues casually as he shuffles down Dean's legs, hands trailing down Dean's body in his wake. "Opinions aren't really something I'm supposed to have, but I do. I chose you over Heaven, after all."
now, and be silly and weird and, yeah, nerdy, and it's okay because that's who he is. That's the person they all love.
"I don't know if I should," Cas says, still fucking him with the steady concentration one might expect of a heavenly soldier. "Melting your retinas with my true form might 'ruin the mood.'"
One minute Dean was watching thick black ooze crawl up through the veins in Cas's face and the next they were gone, his cheeks clear, and Dean could only watch.
The third time Cas gets his knee caught in his coat and slips headfirst into Dean's chin, Dean draws the line.
But, not really. It seems like they're always coming back together. Too bad that means they have to keep parting first.
"Hell of an accident." Dean fights to get his arm on the other side of Cas's to grab his hand and put it back, please, now. "Dude, that— Do it again."
A bolt of something shoots through them. If Dean was capable of separating himself from whatever this is, he'd say it didn't come from him, but it does, it is, it's like an electric current in a flooded basement, coming from and going to everywhere all at once. In the material realm, someone gasps. Someone bangs their head on the roof and someone's teeth latch onto someone's neck.
He definitely doesn't want to leave Cas like this, still feverish and limp as well as equally stir crazy, but as much as the bunker is home, and as much as the bunker with Cas in it is as close to Heaven as Dean ever wants to be, Dean is nevertheless going to lose it if he has to spend another day with nothing but three square meals and a bunch of dusty books ahead of him.
As Cas arches into the touch, Dean reminds himself that this is about Cas, what Cas wants, what Cas needs, and so he retreats to teasing touches, perched on Cas's thighs.
feel, the way he can to keep his ear pierced? If Dean leaned over and worried the stud with his teeth, bit around—
And it's that last thought that makes him do it. Now is so not the time—Sam's got spikes drilled into his skull twenty feet away, for fuck's sake, and Crowley is definitely eavesdropping—but then again, when is it ever? Why do they keep waiting for a better chance that's never gonna come? At some point, the best shot has to be the one he can take.
"Hello, Kelsey," Cas calls out from his spot underneath Dean. "Jack's just changing his shirt, he'll be out in a minute."
Dean tilts his head back far to grimace at the ceiling, but Cas hurries to add, hand fumbling at Dean's shoulder, "Not that I blame you."
"Well," Dean drawls it out, because no, he didn't miss the flash of heat in Cas's glance during that bit of the song, "how 'bout we hold each other somewhere a little less vertical..."
Cas's head tilts, knocking lightly against Dean's before he twists to look him in the eye. "What list?"
"Yeah." The words have barely enough air behind them to get out, but get out they do. "Yeah, that's— Hang on."
Set free, Cas's hands return to their wandering of Dean's body, but slowly now, as if savoring it. Dean bends to kiss him again and they drift to palm his ass, half of his ribcage. It's easier like this to open himself the rest of the way, especially with Cas occupied elsewhere. It's easier in general. Almost too easy.
And that's that. Dean's inexplicable nerves dissipate into laughter with the feeling of a balloon being let loose in a cartoon—because yeah, this is Cas, basically his only friend and the lynchpin to them not all dying tomorrow, but it's also Cas, who rides around in this very backseat when he could fly anywhere with a thought and watches shitty network TV to understand Dean's shitty jokes.
Dean can't see Cas's face from this angle, but he knows exactly which irritatingly serene look is on Cas's face. "Well, I may be insane, but I know how I feel."
Cas leans in before Dean can even begin to process any of that, which is probably for the best. If he thinks about it any longer, it starts seeming a lot less like "just fun" and more like something Dean would worry about if they had more than maybe eighteen hours left in them.
"Yeah, well, you didn't have to watch it," Dean throws back as he swallows the words that want to follow,
Two sets of eyes shoot up when Dean hits the horn obnoxiously a couple times, like they didn't know it was him from a mile away. Jack is grinning where Dean can spot him on the other side of the cab, and Cas... Well, Cas looks at him the way he always has.
When Cas said his name then, though, apparently it was with purpose—or at least, for a more specific reason than usual.
Dean, of course, immediately opens his eyes and gets his answer: the flash—Cas about to come undone—is physical in the bright light flickering out of Cas... somewhere. Dean's brain says it's in his eyes, but that's not quite right, because when he looks, the light is somewhere else, always just out of his perception. Still, it's not hard (he remembers Anna in the barn) to see what Cas is getting at.
It's not a question, but Dean nods anyway. "Nope. Why, you got an opening in your schedule? Should I ask your secretary?"
It's not at all what Dean is expecting: deadpan and slightly irritated. He looks back up in time to see Cas roll his eyes with his whole head and continue, "Sorry. Next time I'll remember to take into consideration your abysmal sense of self-worth."
When Dean nods in receipt, Cas kisses his temple and turns him back towards the noise, the fate of the world, et cetera. He's right on Dean's heels.
The last diner they hit had a jukebox. Cas had spilled piles of quarters out of his pockets he swore he hadn't prepared and they spent the afternoon with him picking things at random, Dean knowing the story behind each track. They were there so long Hannah had to call on a real phone, Cas ignoring prayers just to watch Dean illustrate the Fleetwood Mac love polyhedral in the syrup left on his plate. That was a good day.
"Never stopped me before," Dean quips, scrunching himself further into the corner. Cas isn't wrong. When he twists to get the door, he knees Dean concerningly near his dick and closes the door on his own coat and, almost, foot.
So yeah, Dean spends three hours out of every few days driving out to take his boyfriend to a lunch he doesn't eat so he can kiss him in front of his employees that would rather they both be saving the world. All things considered, their version of normal is pretty good. Better than most, Dean would say. Worth every second.
The truth is he's tired of it. All of it, so fucking tired. Tired of watching Cas fall on every sword in sight, tired of the rollercoaster of terror and relief, tired of the stakes going up and up, the whole fucking rat race. He feels
"You still have terrible taste, though," he mumbles once he's properly tucked up against Cas's shoulder again, just to be contrary.
"Take care of that," Dean says with a decisive point. He doesn't point out what it means that he's trusting Cas with such a big responsibility, lest Cas realizes how equally big it is that Dean put it on him. God, he watched
Cas sighs at the clouds like God's still there to take him out of his misery when Dean, hanging out the window, does a little U-turn through the weeds. "Dean..."
Dean drives home with the windows down. It's warm for October and he's gonna enjoy it while it lasts. The brown bags in the backseat (he brought a bunch of those tote bags, but it's never enough) are flapping with the wind, a sweet melody under the oldies station.
Time slips sideways. One second the click of the bottle uncapping is ringing in Dean's ears like a gunshot and the next there are a combined three fingers in his ass, one of which is Cas's while the man in question gnaws at his chin. The rest of their clothes are gone and they're horizontal somehow, Dean spread over Cas like a sweaty blanket. The air in the car is thick enough to choke on, but Dean takes in lungfuls to stave off the imminent pulse of his own orgasm, the tiniest temperature difference enough to distract from the hot breath and hands on his skin.
With fire in his eyes and a strange sensation in his heart, Castiel flies towards Heaven as he shouts: Dean Winchester is saved!
The black chicken coos and leaves the bathroom. Dean follows and grits his teeth when he sees that it's going to the bedroom. “No! I swear, if you poop in there, I'll turn you into a chicken nugget!” He hears another cluck coming faintly from what he thinks is the living room.
Carefully making his way through the crowd he had to stop several times to go around people. It was like they had been rooted in place, totally oblivious to anything else except the increasingly louder notes of music reaching Dean's ear. He was still aware of the drumming of other music blaring from speakers somewhere but the sounds the guitar was making was impressive, fast-paced and pulsating, like it was the living, beating heart of the room. Dean glanced at a tall, dark guy, his green T'-shirt plastered to his body. His body looked fine as he swayed his hips in what Dean thought was one of the most sexual moves he had seen. His eyes closed, he seemed totally obvious to everything else around him. It was just him and the music.
Dean turns to Jack who chuckles. “It was not crooked. How was I supposed to know there was a little cavern underneath the pot? “
" 's oil Cas. You said you don't secrete oil when aroused but I figured either way it's good to have-"
A wisp of grace snakes around his cock, curls and tightens. Castiel pushes him back with each thrust like a relentless ocean and Dean is steady land, ready to meet him. Yet there is nothing steady about Dean.
He looks at several of them until he finds the one. “Oh, look at this beauty, Cas. It's the same as the one we were looking at before.” He pats Cas' arm excitedly. “Oh, it has the Tuscan Stainless Steel–fingerprint resistant, which is
Dean dove for the broom handle. “Gimme that.” He might have miscalculated the distance from the bed to the broom handle. He landed in a crumpled heap on top of Cas and whacked his head again on the handle.
Lastly, he knew love as something wild and holy. It had been burning there, slow and steady, and when Dean finally opened his eyes and
Suddenly a sharp beeping rang out, and he could hear Castiel – was it Castiel? – call out his name. Dean tried not to breathe as he fumbled around in the darkness but soon his lungs burned from lack of oxygen, so Dean inhaled deeply and then his lungs burned from the smoke.
Shrugging, Dean pulled down his pants and underwear and looked at Cas in surprise when he noticed he was sitting on a haystack. Cas tapped his hand on his knee. “Come sit here.”
“No, no. This is an 'I've been fucked to an inch of my life' face, not an 'I regret my life choices' face. Cas, you were amazing. You got everything. Like, when you did the forehead touch and just grew like that... hot as hell. When you grabbed me like that, hot as hell.” He looks down at his stomach... “Hot as hell.”
Dean follows Cas to the back row and they sit down. The trailers are already playing but Dean doesn't mind missing them. He's here for the movie. He intertwines his hand with Cas' and takes a sip of his drink.
The brook is on his left side and the burbling sound changes as Dean walks. The sound becomes distant yet deeper. It grows into drums that beat ominously with each step he takes.
Castiel walks over to Dean, pulls his head up by the hair and looks at him. His eyes shine with unshed tears and he's staring at the cane. “Eyes on me.”
Castiel slaps his ass and Dean clenches around him. “Are you prepared, Dean? The innermost of your core is ready to receive. I will bless you with my holiness, wash you from sin.” Castiel grabs Dean's hips and moves against him, faster now.
Dean likened it to a dog's leg twitching when getting just the right spot and beamed with pride. So he resumed his ministrations, moving to the secondary and covert regions of Cas's wing.
Dean shook his head. Of all the people Dean had ever met, Cas was the one least likely to actually need to go to art school. He'd seen his quick scribbles, and his pictures of mermen, monsters and landscapes that took hours to do.
After a few seconds, he picks up the canister again. Gently, he rubs a thumb over the metal and exhales shakily.
Dean stumbles backwards and realizes that he's stuck. The ground is like sludge beneath his feet and it's all the way up to his calves. He's landed on hard ground though and splays his hands against the grass, and rocks.
Opening his eyes again, Dean looked around in confusion. The white walls with no window in sight; this wasn't his room. At least the weird rippling effect had vanished. Dean got up or rather tried to but something pulled at his wrists. “What...?” Dean looked down at his hands and saw thick leather cuffs wrapped around his wrists.
Castiel tsks. “Cleansing, Dean.” He can hear something pop. There's a pause. “No wonder you ache for purity. Your body, your mind is dirty. I see how you arch that back, how you're eager to invite me, fill up that hole of need with anything.”
Dragging a finger alongside Dean's soft cock, Cas sighs. He can't wait to see this cock hard. And if it doesn't get hard, he knows his own will, already is.
A hand touches his back, reassures him, as Castiel continues to circle his finger near Dean's taint. Finally, he presses a fingertip against Dean's hole and Dean moans and then he cries out when Castiel moves away, caressing his cheeks again. Dean's pulse feels erratic, he's clammy with sweat and he wants, needs more.
Using every ounce of strength he has, he bucks up but the restraints don't budge. He glances down at what appears to be translucent tentacles glowing with an odd blue light.
tightly, not from perdition but so he can fuck you senseless. Your asshole gaping, pain burning but Cas wouldn't stop because you're the righteous man, and he'd want to do right by you.”
Dean has no idea when Castiel became so smooth but he likes it. “I was just testing the integrity of – “
Sam smiles like a goofball whenever he says Eileen's name and this time is no exception. Dean doesn't look like that when he talks about Cas. He's still a badass, not a smitten teenager. Alright, maybe he's a smitten badass but he definitely doesn't look like whatever is going on with Sam's face.
In all those scenarios, Dean didn't imagine what comes next. He's not expecting Cas's eyes to still be glued to his mouth when he turns back. He's not expecting Cas to pick up the lime wedge for him and linger when their fingers overlap. He's really not expecting it when Cas jolts forward, mouth first, and kisses Dean around the lime still caught in his lips.
Cas is standing too close again, par for the course. That's a losing battle Dean's never been sure he wanted to pick, but he didn't consider the distraction of Cas so focused on his body specifically: hands, neck, mouth. The fact that he hasn't offered a hands-on demonstration yet is a Herculean feat.
As he sinks down, Dean realizes then that he's never had sex with someone he already knew this well. The few times the two have ever overlapped—Cassie, Lee, even Lisa—it's always been sex first and ask questions later. It's actually hard to tell how well he knows Cas: sometimes he feels like he barely knows
Oblivious to all this, Cas reaches up to wrap one hand around the charm, like it's something sacred. Technically it is, but Cas isn't looking at the amulet like it's a direct line to God. He's looking at Dean. "I will."
Dean has to kiss his cheek for that one. Has to, wants to. Nowadays those things are mostly synonyms.
With a smile starting to mirror Cas's, Dean opens his mouth only to freeze when the silence takes him off guard. It takes him a second to realize why: it's the absence of the sound of his brother's body being tortured, Jesus. Whatever he was going to say (even he doesn't know) comes out as a sharp laugh. It rings through the little nook Cas has followed him into, and just as loud is the back end, the inhale, quick and deep.
"I don't know who else would notice, so no." There's laughter in his eyes, though, when Dean leans back, that soothes the absence when Cas slips out of him. "Was that good?"
"We may lose and we may win," Glenn Frey continues as Cas sets his thumb on Dean's chin, fingertip brushing the underside of his lip when Cas tilts him up for one sweet and practiced kiss, "though we will never be here again."
too—that Cas wants them to be in the same place, regardless of where or how that is, as much as Dean does.
Cas's fingertips slide along the seams of the fingers of Dean's hand lying back against the leather. He opens his fingers, thinking if Cas wants a sappy first time then who is Dean to stop him, but Cas just keeps tracing lightly up and down the sides of Dean's fingers. It's the most PG thing they've done so far and yet it sends shivers through Dean's entire nervous system, the tiny catches of skin on skin electrifyingly simple. It's the kind of ticklish that isn't ticklish, only lingers prickly on the skin until he rubs his hands, and once Cas starts his third go around carefully following the outline of Dean's hand, Dean reaches up to actually hold on. Their fingers are laced together when Cas leans back down to kiss him.
Jack looks more steady when he leans back, still in reach. Dean gets that; he can't pull his fingers from the khaki stitches under them. As Dean pushes himself up onto his elbows, wonderfully hard against the wood, Jack keeps rambling. He's talking about the spell now, something about blood and intention and godly power and other things that pale in comparison to the magnitude of Cas sitting on the floor of the library.
"Isn't it?" Cas's head tips back almost all the way to look Dean dead in the eye, distracting him long enough to miss the wincing of Cas sitting up again. "What kind of angel lets themself fall victim to a simple witch's spell?"
"Okay," Dean says, and he doesn't fight it when Cas lets the connection fall with his hand, slipping to the crook of Dean's elbow and holding him there. "You're good. Let go."
But not for long, if Dean has anything to say about it. His hands fumble down to ruck up the back of Cas's shirt, dragging him down into a kiss before finally pulling Cas down into him.
Dean would be embarrassed by how quickly he turns if it weren't for the fact that Cas was already right there, on his heels, practically in the doorway alongside Dean. His face is no different than it was when he was watching Dean leave, but Dean knows his body language too well at this point and catches the twitch in Cas's hand when Dean takes half a step out of his airspace.
"Right, yeah, occasion." Dean's not totally following—though, when he parses the first bit, he has to suppress a wave of mortification—but he gets enough of the gist. "So..."
"Dunno if that first one's really a compliment, but okay," Dean mumbles to hopefully mask the heat coming off his face. It's probably no use with Cas's angelic senses, let alone their proximity, but hey, points for trying.
Dean is frozen, mouth tingling and eyes fixed on the erotic smear of Cas's eyelashes against his cheekbones, for as long as it takes Cas's tongue to dart between the lime and Dean's bottom lip, which is actually not as long as its electrocuting insanity implies. He gets the wedge free no problem, the tip of his tongue barely brushing Dean's teeth, and leans back only enough to spit it on the floor. Dean is totally gonna get yelled at for that later, but holy shit does he not care right now. If he dies tomorrow, it will be with the memory of Cas's warm hands clapped over his ears and not the omen of Bobby lecturing about him being raised in a barn. Turns out some people are into that shit. Suck it, Singer.
"M'definitely crying on you anyway," he admits, mumbling but trusting Cas to understand him anyway. "Just so you know."
It's a moot point when he realizes he can see over Cas's ear to the living room, now filling with people. Bobby and Ellen enter first in the midst of what can only be a decade-long debate, uninterrupted even by Sam squeezing between them to get to his laptop. None of them have noticed either Dean and Cas or their absence yet, but it's only a matter of time before someone comes looking for a drink or one of the million books Bobby has stashed everywhere.
It's half a joke and all too serious, tears stomping on the sentence's heels, but Dean doesn't have the energy to hide it anymore. God, it's true, though. This whole time he's been wishing for someone to talk to—anyone, he had thought, but it was really Cas: Cas, who would understand and know, without asking, how to help Dean specifically. And then he couldn't talk to Cas not only because he was sworn to secrecy but because of his own fuck up on top of that. Because of course he did.
"Alright." He settles back down against Cas's shoulder. "Good. Cuz that might be a little too far for a first date, even for me."
"Yes." Cas leans into the hands on his hips, his own on Dean's shoulders. At this angle, Dean has to crane his head back out from under the roof to get a glimpse of Cas's face, painted orange by the lone lamppost. "But I have something to say first."
In response, Cas cradles Dean's face in both hands for one sweet kiss before pulling him into another hug. Dean closes his eyes and lets his face do what it must in unobserved peace.
Dean, having twisted to make sure shit didn't fall out of his pockets, jerks back to stare at him. "May you what?"
It's Eagles, "Take it Easy." Last time Dean heard this was in a bar, Jesus, years ago. A decade? Someone played it on the jukebox and Dean—he was alone, must've been while Sam was at school—Dean leaned further over the bar and said to the handsome barkeep, "You know, this song's about me." And the bartender, who was older than him, huffed and poured him another.
(Dean's starting to think he's the one drawing this out, to give himself time to get his shit together, like alcohol's ever helped anyone with that particular problem.)
Instead he stares back. Fair's fair, and it's not like the dude isn't fascinating. Right now, Dean's focused on his ear, just a few inches from Dean's nose as he watches Dean pour salt on the side of his hand. Earlier Jo had convinced him to let her pierce it, though Cas warned her it might not last against his grace's automatic healing. Still, one needle poke later and he had an eerily bloodless piercing made by one of the studs from Jo's own ear.
Neither of them speak, the only sounds Crowley fiddling with metal in the distance and Cas breathing out slow in Dean's ear. It's comfortable, even though Cas is shorter, to have him draped over Dean's shoulders instead of the reverse. It lets Dean bow over even further, his face buried in the side of Cas's head, then his shoulder. His new coat is stiffer than the first one, but Dean likes it. It doesn't smell like anything but Cas: sweat and bad coffee, peanut butter and the deodorant Dean tried to erase the memory of when he kicked Cas out.
"You have an odd idea of fair." Cas throws the last jacket into the front seat and leans over him again, kissing him deeply but quickly. "May I take your shoes off?"
Their mouths drift toward each other like magnets, falling into a deep kiss, tongues and fully open mouths. A part of Dean wants to protest at the grossness, but it's quickly drowned out by the white hot feeling of Cas's hand, finally, around him, and nothing else exists.
"Cas—" He starts without knowing where he's going, but stops with a few aborted steps forward. His body has taken him immediately to Cas's side, which says a lot, but he freezes just as reflexively. "Come on, man, you know it's not your fault."
"Having less desirable qualities doesn't detract from the fact that you're beautiful," Cas says, their foreheads almost touching. His hand slides to Dean's side, grounding. "Exactly as you are. Not as God made you, but—" A dark, almost imperceptible pause as his fingers flex. "As I did."
"There you go," he says, taking in the damp breath Cas lets out as his eyes slip shut again. "Come on, Cas, come on. You've got it. You're good."
Cas is as unyielding as the day he met, though it's somehow worse now that Dean knows it's not for lack of feeling. "Yes, Dean, your problem."
Thankfully, Cas doesn't respond, and Dean grimaces wordlessly at the ceiling the second he's out of sight, turning to grab his own glass. A thousand flirty foot-in-mouth disaster scenarios flit through his head and he shudders, mouth coated in coarse salt.
"Nah." The Impala's back in the garage where Dean left it after it got too cold to keep fiddling on fiddly things, but if they're at the point of breaking into Bobby's garage stash, he better move it. "Just making sure they won't come looking for us after that show."
"I gotta know if your sweet love is gonna save me," Dean whispers, a beat late and atonal, as he leans their foreheads together. His eyes shut against the thumbs brushing steadily along his biceps. Cas's hands are a little cool, a little damp, and the air smells like the soap Dean got specifically for Cas's truck. Dean never thought it could feel like this. Life, or whatever.
Shit. Dean tilts his whole head back, eyes shut against the blue, blue sky. His Achilles heel: wrinkly clothes. Cas rubs his arm comfortingly, up down, warming.
Castiel chuckles darkly and his words are a hot whisper in Dean's ear. “There are worse ways to go than dying with pleasure. Tell me, Dean, haven't you been dying to touch me? Dying to taste me, to feel every inch of me?”
“Fuck!” Dean cries out in pain and he barely has time to recover before Castiel hits the same area again. Dean flexes his foot so beautifully, trying to avoid the cane. His toes curl back and Castiel angles the cane, hits a new spot.
“It all started one stormy night. I was trying to talk to the Righteous Man. You see, I had previously saved his soul from hell and just wanted to talk–and then he stabbed me! Not that that did much good but it was a nice try.”
Once parted, silence hangs in the scant air between them. It's lovely and solemn, enough that for a moment Dean forgets to remind himself that this is all he gets, that he cannot ask for more: a familiar thought he's been having constantly since the beginning of their friendship.
, Dean's the one who was keeping them apart, but it's as much as he's capable of right now without fucking crying again.
No, what Dean didn't consider was the actual mechanics of teaching Cas to do proper tequila shots. Shot, salt, lime. Throat exposed, tongue tracing tendons, citrus-swollen lips around rinds. He definitely did not think this through.
Then, between one blink and the next, as easy as tuning a radio, they're kissing. Cas's hands are back in Dean's hair as he tilts him this way and that, leading the kiss deeper and deeper until they're almost fused together, head to toe. Dean's hands slip against the wet car and he almost loses his footing before Cas catches him, shifting until he's basically sitting on Cas's thigh, and isn't that nice? Thoughtful of him.
They part in time for Cas to hit him with a look that Dean feels head to toe in sync with, "So open up, I'm climbing in."
The problem is, Cas's idea of a good time seems to involve a hell of a lot of everything but fucking: it's all talking and touching with this guy, which happens to be the one thing Dean craves most, and so the one thing he can't afford to indulge in tonight. Cas is... Shit, he's gentle, and earnest, and all focused on Dean. It's very counterproductive.
Cas draws back an inch to fit his other hand to the center of Dean's arched back, palm along his spine as the tip of his nose traces featherlight patterns against Dean's cheek. Dean can't help shivering at that, stuck between turned on and ticklish, until Cas pulls back an extra centimeter to look him over in an unmistakable sweep. His face is as serious as it is when talking about the Apocalypse and God's Will.
"Right, yeah, I'll just—" He takes a step back, half-turned toward the doorway and jerking a thumb over his shoulder. "Go die of embarrassment."
The problem is that, for as impossible as it is to retain the knowledge that Cas is back, every time he looks over, it becomes all too unavoidable. He can forget all he wants, but Cas is back for good and it matters too much. Dean doesn't know what to say, hasn't let himself really
"Hello, my love," he says when they part, looking as pleased as his favorite emoji—the angel, because he's an asshole and he knows it.
Dean doesn't actually cover his eyes, but he does shut them, and just in time too as it soon becomes a moot point. The light is so bright he can see the veins in his eyelids, so bright he almost misses the simultaneous rush of Cas's release inside him and the clench of Cas's arms around him. He almost wishes they were still connected, just to know what it's like: an angel's orgasm. Probably something technicolor. Something that feels like the Earth caving in. It doesn't not feel like that anyway.
"Yeah, Cas," he breathes, barely thinking about the words before they fall out of his mouth, "just like that. You got it. S'good."
Thing is, he's wearing Dean's jeans too, though nothing was wrong with his pants; he just came back from the car with an armful of stuff Dean let him pick, cuz he's a pushover and Cas looked so fragile, covered in viscera and barely alive again. At the time it was whatever, Dean's brain still ringing with Cas's not-so-final words, but now it's icing on the cake of this shitty day because they're standing in the library and Dean can't help looking up and there Cas fucking is, all sad-eyed in his little sweatshirt, and Jesus fuck, it's like having to kick him out all over again.
"It really astounds me—" Oh, Cas is properly pissed off again, good, that makes two of them. "—how much of an idiot you can be."
"Think I'll be the judge of that," Dean mumbles somewhat sullenly, but he lets Cas set his knee in the scant space between Dean's legs and lean down 'til they're face to upturned face. It's unnervingly grounding. In the shadow of the car, Cas's eyes are a familiar blue, wide and dark and intent as he fills Dean's view.
"Well, I never woulda guessed," Dean says, secretly pleased with himself for nothing. It's a fluttery feeling he's never gotten used to, multiplied by a billion simply for the straightforward way Cas says it. "Since when do you have moves?"
—Dean chases him, tracing the back of Cas's teeth with his tongue as Cas's fingers slip out of him. He gets a hand between them where Cas is hot and huge without the visual, the feeling of his dick in Dean's hand all-consuming. Larger than life. Unavoidably real.
"Yeah, Marion, you definitely won 'em over with that little stunt back there." He hangs his arm around Cas's shoulder and pulls him through the stacks of cars. "At the very least, anyone who can drink Ellen under the table gets her respect. Maybe don't let Jo maim you," he reached around to tweak Cas's ear, earning a small glare, "but yeah. They like you."
"Hey, listen." Dean nudges the book pile with his toe for something else to look at. "Sam found a case. Maybe. It's probably nothing but, y'know, in case it is..."
Some sound must come out of him because Cas is suddenly rearing up, hands tight on the small of Dean's back as he sits them both up, face to face, mouth to mouth. He's counting the back of Dean's teeth even while driving up into him, leaving Dean scrambling to keep up.
Cas freezes. Totally. He does that sometimes, letting Dean push and pull him around one minute and turning to stone the next. Usually it's literal, when he's pissed at Dean and has reached his limit, but this... His face... Dean hasn't seen him look like that since, hell, the first apocalypse, when he tried to get him laid. Then it was fear. Now, Dean has no idea what.
Ah, shit. Okay. Dean recognizes the way Cas's shoulders straighten under his coat. Things are not going well by any measure, and though Dean may not have let himself seriously think deeply about how he was gonna do this, he knows he didn't expect to have an audience. Unfortunately, his chronic foot-in-mouth disease has made this a now or never issue.
He really did feel that. He lived it. Not that that was ever really how it panned out for him—the only trail of broken hearts he ever left was his own, bleeding out along interstate after interstate—but the restlessness and the solitude, the only sound wheels on blacktop: that, he knew. Running down the road, the sound of his own wheels driving him crazy.
He comes back to the present at Cas's groan, a low sound that is too full to be swallowed by the leather seats. It's an incredibly human sound, which is equal parts reassuring and concerning. Either way, it spurs Dean on, past the stretch, past the awkward bend of his neck to keep from hitting the roof as he gets up on his knees, chasing the sound again and again until it's replaced by a broken moan of, "Dean."
“When you do something for so long it almost becomes second nature to you. You've believed for a long time that things will get worse, Dean. Not only believed it, but
“Too,” Dean finished. “I couldn't say it back when... you know, you died. And then we got you back, all I could think about was the possibility of losing you again, and – “
"Sam's left an excessive amount of windows open again on the library laptop," Cas softly complained as he began exiting out of several ads, articles, and local homicide reports.
Dean turns and takes a step back, only to look at a carbon copy of himself, except he's wearing black jeans and a green Henley. “What are you? A shapeshifter? Me back from the future?”
Dean and Cas sneak out together again, to the old barn they've visited since they were kids. They've been friends for a long time, slept together for a short time, just as friends. Friends sleeping together. But Dean has a secret. He's been in love with Cas for years.
him. “You were made for this, made for me.” Castiel bend down and kissed Dean, whispering against him “Your hole is so damn tight, all for me.”
Cas looks at Dean imploringly. He's been around Sam for too long, he's almost perfected the sad puppy dog eyes. “Stressed out hens don't lay eggs.”
Dean wiggles his eyebrows. “Want me to give it a second shot?” When Cas shakes his head no, Dean grumbles. “Fine, they can keep the awesome TV. We'll get a new and better one. Bigger screen! Oh, and nice speakers. Maybe a disco ball?”
Dean bumps into something and realizes it's Castiel's legs. Castiel keeps pushing him and for a second, he's worried that he'll fall but then he feels Castiel's thighs.
A wave of pleasure goes through Dean, from his crown all the way down to his feet. Dean gasps in surprise, and Cas tightens his hold, angling his face just so. He leaves a trail of kisses, up along Dean's cheek and whispers in his ear. “I've been waiting to claim you all day.”
Dean turns his head and sees Cas' peaceful albeit lax expression. “Look at you, falling asleep,” Dean murmurs. He hugs him once and grabs a blanket that he pulls over himself. “I'ma just finish the episode, and then I'll wake you.” He smiles and presses play again.
The sound of liquid pouring, and then Cas turned around facing Dean, two glasses in hand. He was standing against the huge terrace doors, and the clouds had apparently dissipated allowing the moon to cast a glow, illuminating him and bathing the room in an odd kaleidoscope of pebbled light and deep shadows. It seemed appropriate that light appeared in Cas' presence. He didn't say anything, just raised his glass and waited knowingly.
By the time Dean got back carrying a tray with sandwiches, two granola bars, coffee, and juice, Cas had propped up the pillows and turned on Netflix.
Dean turns to face Castiel. For having violently fucked his mouth a few moments ago, he looks way too calm, Dean thinks. He's like an immovable rock standing among the crashing waves of the ocean, unphased by the waters and the cold winds.
. I know how it feels to hold his hand, I know the sensation of his arms around me as he hugs me, I know the sound of his beating heart as he sleeps next to me, and how it speeds up when he fu – uh, you probably don't want to hear about that.”
He glances down at the white floor. Countless feet have walked on these stones over the centuries, polishing them to a shine.
that poke up now and then but Dean does his best to smash them to pieces. Cas is here, he's not going anywhere.
Spooning taken to the extreme, Dean thought. It was alright. He loved spooning. “G'night, Cas,” he whispered before sleep took him.
Cas stands at the railing for only a second before he's taking the stairs at a sedate but motivated pace. The smile on his face is wide enough Dean would worry about him splitting a lip if Dean wouldn't kiss him anyway. As is, he doesn't get a chance to set down the ancient file box in his arms before Cas is grabbing his face to do exactly that. This is his hello kiss: short, sweet, and absolutely stoked, one last little push at the end like he wants to kiss him again but can't bear to pull away first.
Dean doesn't say anything, just jolts in place, neither into nor away from the touch. His first thought is, dumbly, that it's too bad the good lube in his duffel in Bobby's spare room. The stuff in the glove compartment's fine, but he can't remember how long ago he bought it, and Cas deserves—
Dean remembers himself enough to twitch, Cas's hand slipping off just enough for him to breathe deep. "Okay, okay, I'm gonna—"
"I've never seen anything as beautiful as you." Cas runs the side of his thumb down Dean's nose, barely grazing his lips, which part by reflex. Dean is too caught up in the heady buzzing in his ears to do anything other than by instinct, too enraptured to be embarrassed. "Nothing as stubborn or brave or caring."
Yeah, like they don't both know misremembering isn't something Cas is capable of. Dean really wishes they hadn't stopped kissing. "What'd she say?"
So what does he do? Well, he's Dean, so he leaves his brother to burn bodies and drives for wordless hours to slam doors in the comfort of his own home.
That train of thought is derailed spectacularly when Cas finds that particular sensitive spot between his jaw and neck. Everything is white light for a moment. Some embarrassing sound surely leaves Dean's unguarded lips before Cas, mensch that he is, comes back to stopper it with his own mouth.
Watching Sam's face over Cas's shoulder oscillate between confused glee and concern, Dean decides the audience part is worse than he expected. "What."
When Cas finally pulls back to his usual space-invader distance, Dean clears his throat and stares at everything but the angel standing on his toes. "So you..."
When he starts down the little road to their house, tires smooth on the last bit of asphalt before their concrete driveway, a patch of gravel in front where Sam and the rest park when they visit. It's a little bumpy. A wind must've come through, scattering acorns like salt down the road, and Dean eases off the gas more and more, careful hands on the wheel. Baby's been enjoying retirement: she gets Sunday drives, grocery runs, and a cozy spot in the garage in the meantime. It's just that the bit in-between out and about and safe in bed can get treacherous from time to time. Dean's got dinner tomorrow to prep for, but maybe he'll find time to give her a shine tonight. She's earned it.
So take it he does. Without even giving himself time to breathe, Dean darts forward and kisses Cas. It's unmistakable: there's no way to interpret it other than that Dean is madly, torturously in love with him. There's no margin of misunderstanding.
Well, they didn't hug when Cas came back after Kevin, or the last time they ran into each other, or the time before that, or even after Cas died and got resurrected. They're owed a dozen at this point, right? It's like cashing in on all of them at once.
"Meg, I think," Cas thinks after a moment of consideration. Just when Dean is about to cringingly ask if it's because of a certain demon, he continues, "She reminds me of you."
"Hello, Dean," he says, closing a book around his finger. It and the stack fanned across the empty side of the bed usually live on the shelf over Dean's bed: the few paperbacks he managed to accumulate over decades of living out of a car, sci fi new and old left by Charlie, bodice ripper gag gifts from Sam and Jody and Donna he's
"Uh..." Without thinking, Dean swallows and turns his head, inadvertently pressing closer. "All good?"
(What happens is that Cas sets his hand on Dean's thigh, fingers gentle on his inseam, which Dean kind of had coming.)
“And Sam thinks it's messy. Would I find these matches if I wasn't so damn organized?” Dean mutters.
The chickens are in the bedroom, being little chicken shits. “Hey, chickens.” They turn as one and walk excitedly towards him. “That's right. Cheese.” He breaks off a piece and tosses it on the floor in front of him. The black chicken is there first and nibbles it all up. She clucks as if asking for more.
Dean scoffs; he doesn't understand why everyone is tiptoeing around him or offering him compliments but his scowl melts when Eileen wraps her arms around him. “I'm so happy for you. Good luck.”
Cas slows down and comes with a grunt, his hands holding onto Dean like he's the anchor keeping him steady in an ocean of pleasure. Dean feels hot come shoot inside him. Cas continues to fuck him lazily until he's all spent, then he pulls out and lays down next to Dean. He hugs Dean close, resting his head on Dean's chest. “Your heart thumps like a small rabbit.”
He grimaces as he's pushed down harder on the altar. Castiel's hand is against his shoulder blades and Dean feels the heavy crucifix rest on his back as Castiel leans closer. “Watch your language or I will silence you.” It's delivered with deadly precision. He continues to fuck Dean.
After putting it aside, Cas eagerly dug into the sandwich. He moaned around the first bite. “Even lemon juice.”
“Huh? What?” He turns to Cas who licks his cracked lips. Dean smiles. It doesn't matter if Cas is an angel or a human, his lips are perpetually dry. Luckily, Dean knows a way to make them slightly wetter.
"I concur. And..what? I do not have 'oil leaking from my feathers when highly aroused by your endless forests of green,' " he fussed.
Stretching out his hand with the steel ball in his palm, Dean says. “Charmander, I choose you!” He waits a few seconds before looking around in the room but everything seems to be in order. Dean shrugs.
Dean shakes his head. “Nope, but I'm guessing time is up... time looking at the sunset is up, because, ye and behold, the sun is right there. Up. Shining. Doing what stars do.”
“And it also doubles as an activity ball. Keeps the chickens' beak sharp and their minds sharper... So I've heard.” He doesn't mention that he feels indebted to the freaking pullets.
Dean huffs. “What? That's why we have you. Don't act all offended now.” Henley scratches the ground with her foot, beak picking at pellets. Lorp is done already and walks calmly back to the coop. “Yeah, how about a thank you?”
Cas placed a finger over his lips and hushed him. “These lips are perfect. They speak kindly of people, they curse worse than a sailor at people who've wronged others but above all they speak encouraging, loving words. They are soft and taste wonderful, and kissing them is like coming home. I just wish you spoke as kindly of yourself as of others.”
guys before?” He places a hand on Ion's thigh but directs his attention to a corner. “See that guy over there, leaning against the pillar?”
Dean. You have the seed of a righteous man inside you.” Castiel's hands go lower until they find the round swell of Dean's ass.
Dean is silent for a beat, taking a swig of his beer instead. “Uh... sure.” He figures eating lentils and beans is a small price to pay to keep Cas happy. If he ends up gassy? It's not his fault. “Alright, I texted Sam, so he can calm his hair. I also told him we'll check in later during the week so they know when they can come over.”
Machines are fun though. He grabs a sanding machine, a bunch of sanding papers with different grit and a sealer. When he finds a nice, quality polyurethane, it feels like he's hit the jackpot.
Steps forwards. Water was hitting Dean's face, washing over him as the ocean rocked back and forth. He was surrounded by water, grounded by waves and blessed by rain. Dean blinked, slowly turning his head back, back to the beach and an odd-looking shape resting on the sand, illuminated by small pinpricks of light. It didn't concern him.
“It better. I killed my back painting all those walls.” He looks around one last time before following Sam out the door.
Darkness envelops Cas' chest, crawling ever higher. In panic, Dean reaches out and pulls Cas towards himself.
“Yeah, I think pants are a good idea, Cas.” Cas grins as Dean continues. “How about that black Henley I gave you?” He starts rubbing Cas' shoulders with body shower, and when there are enough suds, he lathers Cas' arms.
Dean gives Henley an absent pat and smiles as Cas looks over the flower patch. He's already been talking about replacing the grassy fields near the cottage with more wildflowers, giving the bees some 'floral diversity'. Not that Dean would blame the bees, if anyone understands the importance of eating a variety of foods, it's him. Hamburgers, steak, meatballs, and bacon. Cas had laughed and said that it was all meat. Dean had retorted that the bees only eat from flowers, so. It was basically the same.
Eileen is back in a flash with two straw hats. “They were the closest I could find but they'll do.” She takes one in each hand and places one on Dean's head, then drags Cas over so he stands next to him. Placing the hat on Cas, she grins at them. “Perfect.”
Dean smiles. “Alright, works for me. And we'll go have dinner at a restaurant somewhere tomorrow. No more tent food. We can probably install that beauty –
He started coughing and tried to see anything but it was as if someone had pulled a blanket over the world. Everything was dark and hurt and all he needed, craved was air. He inhaled again and went down on the floor to escape the smoke. It was not as bad but still overwhelming.
Kadriel nodded as he heard Castiel's thoughts. He was just a man, and a means to bring upon what they really wanted.
Lorp and Henley cackle excitedly when they hear Baby drive up to the cottage. Dean gives them fresh water and notices the uneven ridges and pecks on the cabbage head. “You're some lucky mother cluckers. You have snack cabbage and I've got emotional cabbage. Night, Henley. Lorp.” He gives them a few pats and closes the run.
He braced himself against a wall. Counting to three, he stood up. Equilibrium. Perfect. Dean checked the war room, the game room and the kitchen. Nada. Zilch.
Sam continues, “But we made it. End of the line. I think we deserve some more fun. And while we all have different ideas about what fun is... You know how the Kansas song goes –”
Castiel continues whisking. “I don't think that will be a problem. If it's too tart, I'll just ask you to put your finger in there.”
Shaking his head in amusement, Dean looks down at his phone again, scrolling with his thumb. He hasn't seen anything related to the supernatural yet, not even a whisper of an event, if he doesn't count the annual superhero and fantasy crochet market in Minden. They're going strong with this being their eleventh year;
Satisfied with Dean's answer, Castiel goes behind Dean. “Through me, your sins will be absolved and your body cleansed. I will give myself, release a part of me so you can be pure.” He strokes Dean's back, his fingers dancing lower. “Aren't you grateful?”
Dean's thighs throb with a dull ache as they dig into the prie-dieu and each thrust pushes Dean against the altar. His nipples are sore as they scrape against stone, his shoulders are stiff as hell, his cheeks are on fire and Dean has never been happier.
It's like the air turns solid, holding him in place. Dean's a statue but that doesn't stop him from speaking. “You're a fucking witch?”
Jack is not making much sense. He glances towards the floor to see how many beers the kid has had, but the solo bottle he spots is not enough to explain Jack's odd behavior. And it doesn't explain the way Sam looks, so excited that Dean thinks he's about to break out into a jittery dance at any moment.
"I mean get off of me. I can't unfold them with you sitting on my back. And here, set the laptop on your desk so it doesn't get knocked over."
Instead of wielding their flaming double sword, they were wielding a dish brush. Thankfully, they were soon finished. It was exhausting playing the role of a dotting female. The majority of the time they didn't understand what God saw in humans. Their vessel, Min was good, quiet although she talked now and then. She slept most of the time, suspended in nothingness but on occasion Salathiel allowed her to come forward and talk with her husband and three children.
Dean kissed Cas, igniting a lovely warmth through Cas' body only to pull away. He leaned onto his left arm and hand pushing himself away from Cas. Roaming his eyes over Cas' body, Dean smiled. Cas was pure perfection, next after himself of course.
A while after, Cas comes behind Dean, all stealthily as he's melting some butter in the pan. One pot is already bubbling with boiling water. “This is the smell of paradise, Cas.”
Cas arches an eyebrow but Dean ignores him and settles between Cas' legs, resting his back on Cas' chest.
“With you, shawty with you…” Gabriel sang, shameless in his Bieber as he made every room entrance a trap. “With you, under the mistletoe!”
“Uh-huh. I mean it would be convenient. You basically had regeneration juice at the tip of your fingers. Hell, even Nynaeve would tug her braid in jealousy at healing like that.”
There was something soothing about a fireplace, Dean thought. It instantly gave the room character and a cozy, warm feeling.
you stumble upon a goddamn underground cave with monsters, Cas. Fucking monsters! If you think I'll volunteer to be eaten by a damn merman, clown, or an angry molesting tree to appease the ancient ones? You're wrong. So fuck camping.”
“Dean, the name was Dean. And uh, I don't think so. I'm in a church so I'm pretty sure I know where I am.” He chuckles softly but Castiel just hums. Dean realizes his mistake. Castiel hadn't liked his quip about the reredos the first time he saw him either. His palms tingle at the memory. This God-business is apparently something Castiel takes seriously.
“Post-its, you'd think they'd be next to the notebooks, but nope, there we have pencil sharpeners instead. Who uses those anyway?” Dean moves the sharpeners out of the way but turns when he hears the sound of the door clicking shut.
Castiel is used to Demon!Dean having unusual requests in bed, not that he objects. But the events that unfold this evening are not quite the ones he had in mind.
Grinning, he reached forward and tucked the feather into the top of Sam’s stocking. Looking at Dean’s next to it, he smirked and snapped a lump of coal into the matching spot. Just for balance.
There is no reason to bring it up. He finally has everything he's ever dreamed of; he's not going to ruin the mood by talking about some random river reminding him of Cas' death – one of them – and what came after.
Castiel uncrossed his arms. He'd been a leader of his garrison, he'd seen empires rise and fall, he'd watched as humans invented chocolate-covered raisins; he would not let this be his demise.
A drop of water on his nose interrupted his musing. Soon it was followed by another one until a slight drizzle rained down on him. Castiel frowned. Usually, this wouldn't be a bother, but he was low on grace and felt much more
much more and he feels he has to acknowledge that somehow. “Thanks, Eileen. It's a lot. But it's... a good 'a lot', you know?” He gives her a little smile.
Dean's breath hitches as Castiel's thumb moves closer to his mouth. “You don't think these full lips deserve to move in prayer?” He's so entranced by Castiel's voice and his eyes hold him steadily, a snake finding its prey.
When he settled back comfortably on Cas's butt, he unscrewed the canola cap and poured some on his hands. Then Dean began smoothing his hands across Cas's inner trapezius muscles near his spine. He watched as the enormous wings began to relax, despite not having the space to complete outstretched to their fullest. They were beautiful and he was sorry that only now had he paid enough attention to Cas's angelic anatomy.
“Two against one, Sammy. Cas, alright, you're gonna chuck in the butter and the powdered sugar but not in that bowl. It's time to take out the big gun!”
The black pants are plain but the waist coat is embroidered with red on the left side matching his red and black tie. When Dean puts on the black leather coat – embossed with a fancy leaf pattern – he had to admit that he looks good. Very good.
“Is that the only line you know, Cthulhu?” Dean flexes his hands but lets his arms rest where they are.
He walks up to Sam and Sam looks down, hiding his eyes, his face, and Dean can't have that. “Sammy.” Dean's voice comes out thick with emotion.
Pulling out his cock, Castiel gets some more lube and tries again. His blunt head pushes against Dean's hole and he can feel it giving in, feels Dean relax slowly, oh so slowly around him.
Dean can hear the frown, more than see it. “It's a reflective vest.” Lorp and Henley are already at Cas' feet cooing inquiries about food.
Gabriel had been around longer than almost anything that still existed. He'd passed outside of time, his wing-tips had trailed against the very edges of the universe. But still, there was little that entertained him more than party decorations. He took in every row of excessive consumerism with glee; this, he thought, was exactly what free will was made for.
“Yeah, I see it. Let's have a look.” As Dean checks over the numbers, Castiel is watching over him. Dean's heart is in overdrive and he tries very hard not to inhale to get a whiff of Castiel's smile. What he does catch smells very nice though.
Dean feels Cas' chest rise and fall as Cas' presses his stomach against his back and then Cas is kissing his neck softly, before pulling out.
“Wanna tell me the story of how you knew you were in love with me?” Dean feels Cas' stomach move as he laughs. “I can do that.”
He would say that Cas is more alive than ever, and the irony isn't lost on him for a guy that's been dead more times than he cares to think about. Maybe it's that the world isn't ending anymore, maybe it's that with Cas' grace gone, he can fully feel
“I tried flirting, alright. I don't think he's interested, Charlie. He did say that he'd let me know about different coffees or teas, who the fuck knows, so he wanted to get another coffee. That's good, right? It's a date.”
She debated if she should just pray to Castiel and Dean. Maybe if she begged them to fuck, they would stop torturing her like this.
Cas can't but laugh at Dean's enthusiasm. “Very clever.” He leans in and kisses Dean. It's hungry and needy.
After a while, Dean finds himself bored. The movie isn't what he was expecting and he looks over at Cas who seems equally restless. Leaning over to him, Dean whispers in Cas' ear. “Are you liking this or? I'm finding myself almost falling asleep.”
The only thing that was hurt was Castiel's sense of pride. Castiel heard Dean curse and then something that sounded like a thud. It was probably Dean scampering around for his gear.
His eyes are on Dean's like a hawk and Dean feels very much the prey with his thundering heart, skin slick with sweat, and his throat and mouth exposed to cruel fingers and harsher words.
Grinning, Dean nods. “Yup. Oh come, Cas,” he says when he notices Cas' look. “These are my pots and pans, man. I know them. It's like coming home. The handle in my hand is familiar. Look at this.” Dean tosses the onions in the air and catches them effortlessly. “Hah! This could only happen when you and the pan are bonded. A pan fried bond if you will...” Dean bursts out laughing at the look on Cas' face.
Cas' laugh is soft but he straddles Dean then, cages him in with his strong arms. “Well, besides patina, I also have stamina.”
His voice comes to Dean from darkness, and it feels strange but also awesome. Like Castiel is a god, disembodied yet in full control. “It's important to do this in steps,” Castiel muses.
It wasn't that he wasn't happy to have Cas back, he was over the fucking moon, and they had hugged and done the back-patting and eye-fucking, but when Dean took Cas aside to finally tell him that yes, he felt the same, his throat had locked up and he couldn't do it. Maybe Cas had meant the I love you platonically, maybe he only said it because he was dying. So Dean had left and promptly ignored the brief flash of pain in Cas' eyes.
that side to Cas, that assertive side even outside of bed. Sometimes Dean had to stop him when Cas started talking about something obscure that Cas knew all about cause he was a celestial light, and he had been there from the beginning and he just
He stroked his thumb over Dean's lips and Dean clamped his mouth shut. He had control over something at least.
Dean's a taut wire, ready to snap. His heart pounds fast against chest and stone, and he's locked up in body, yet his senses are wide open. His thighs are fire, yet they compete with the chills that wreak havoc on his body.
“Your mind is more than strong.” Cas sounds so sincere and loving that Dean has to look away for a moment. “It's come to accept your
Castiel strokes his cheek, almost lovingly, and places a huge wooden crucifix on the altar next to Dean. He sees the question in Dean's eyes and pulls a dark smile. “The cross is heavy to bear, is it not?”
say something, wants to spill his heart but he's fucking gutted. He recognizes the cadence of Cas' voice, the meaning behind those words, recognizes the meaning of that hand on his shoulder. It's not comforting now, but heavy and awful.
A familiar face was in front of him. At least, Dean thought he recognized him. He was pretty sure it was him. “The worst of the effects will subside soon, Dean. I just need to adjust these – “
Dean hisses as Witch Dean digs his fingers into his skin but he can't blame him. He's basically fucking his face. The sounds of Dean crying out his pleasure mixes with the more carnal one of his cock pistoning in and out of Witch Dean's mouth.
Cas handed him the sprinkles. “Now watch. The trick is to be careful and loving.” Dean poured some sprinkles in his hand and gently pressed them onto the side of the cake. He rotated the cake stand as he went around.
Dean's smile widens. “Dishes how I talk since I lost my teeth!” He laughs at Sam's frown. “Aw, come on. It's a top-quality knock-knock joke.”
Dean stares at the crucifix that hangs down on Castiel's chest. He wonders what sights tiny Jesus has seen but realizes that Jesus has his eyes closed. Maybe man's sins are too much even for the son of God.
son, nothing like Dean. A flash of anger coursed through him – Dean was supposed to protect Sammy, keep him safe – but Sam looked older at least. Time had passed. Sam had hopefully had a good life with a known, sharp – not blurry – wife.
It resembled a human, its wrists tied down. The knots nailed into the ground. The only reason they didn't have to use chains was because it was a kid,
The world narrows to a single point, a knife's sharp edge, and it doesn't matter which steps Dean takes; there will be blood and pain.
As Chuck walked away, Castiel leaned in and whispered. “I figured I'd save you from the boss. When he starts talking, there's no end to it.”
Cas continued to stroke his ass in gentle motions for a while until he spoke. “That was... wow. You're amazing, Dean.”
He pulls away from Cas and with one fluid motion, he eases out of his T-shirt and drops it in the sand. He runs a few steps and then unbuttons his jeans and pulls them down. Almost falling over, he manages to get them off.
They sit on the stairs on the porch, looking at the evening sky. The chickens are there, craning their heads curiously. Cas scoops up the gray chicken.
Dean's face exploded with pain and for a few seconds, he saw nothing but black. The world was blurry, tuned out and when he came back to it, Castiel hissed. “You shouldn't have done that, Dean.”
“The only thing I'll create is mayhem and murder when I get a hold of you,” Dean grits out. His damn intercom was in the pants but even with that, he's not sure that he could contact the rest of his crew on
Dean flattens his tongue which causes Castiel to hum in satisfaction. Dean hollows his cheeks around Castiel's cock, eager to make it good for Castiel, and also a tiny bit fearful of what will happen if he doesn't.
Cas had a look of affront on his face. “I did no such thing. I did everything you asked, belt, blowjob, face-fucking. Just like a perfect husband.” Cas kissed him on the lips, a slow and languid declaration of love.
Shaking his head in disbelief, Dean grabs the post-it and pulls out his phone. He writes in the number and sends a text.
“Oh, that's great. It feels good to know that I can come to you for advice, you're very skilled at what you do.”
” Dean shudders. Not that he doesn't like the feeling of being overwhelmed and overpowered but that applied to the
When Cas asks Dean to pose for a portrait, feelings finally bubble up to the surface (the sourdough kind of bubbles, scratch the sourness).
Looking at the face is like staring into a mirror except the cold, dark eyes staring back at him, they're not his. They can't be.
“I told you, I'd give you everything,” Cas says, his voice raspy. He splays an arm over Dean and pulls him close. “But I didn't intend to slap you... “
Elleen must've asked something because while Dean was rifling through cans of pie filling for the Skippy jar he heard Sam explaining, "Some kind of kinky stuff we don't wanna know about."
Dean's phone buzzes and presses his thumb on the screen. “Hello. Oh, hi, Charlie.” There's a pause. “Uh-huh, OK. Sure. I'll meet you in a few.” He gets up and leaves a tip on the table. “Charlie wants to meet up, so you and your matchmaking skill can see me later. Say hi to Eileen for me, will you?”
Dean exhales slowly and moves hesitantly as if waking up from a daze. His legs are numb from kneeling on the stone floor but he gets up nonetheless and puts on his clothes.
Dean's cock stirs and Cas' tentacles lets go of his nipples. Cas has done the walk-through, in theory, about what's to happen but he knows they only have a couple of hours before the cycle ends and the next one doesn't happen until five years later.
“Oh, that!” Chuck laughed. “It's almonds and raisins. A traditional blend that goes into the glögg. Gives it this wonderful aroma.”
So he can lure vamps to come forth and he can send demons to hell but he can't make his chickens eat what's, quote from the tutorial, 'a healthy and deliciously crisp treat for your feathered friends'. Not that Dean would go so far as to say the chickens – any bird really – are his friends, but they did provide some comfort from those all too vivid nightmares Dean had suffered.
“Oh, they stand for romance and prosperity. Some say that they're a good luck charm of sorts, that whoever receives them will have good fortune.”
They start assembling the coop and run in companionable silence. Birds chirp now and then, accompanying the hammering of nails and the occasional pull of a saw. The trench is dug during occasional mutterings from Dean. “We're building a coop, not fortifying a damn castle.”
“I saw that. Terrible. He almost helped you pull out of the lot,” Cas says while still keeping an eye on the loading of the truck. “They're almost finished.”
A flush of warmth blooms inside him, arousal mixed with the intense concentration this takes. He moves his hips again, slowly, slowly until he's deep enough. Dean is a tight heat around him and even in his sleep, his ass clenches around Castiel's cock.
Cas's eyes glow. “That's now what you said when I was back after the Empty took me. You said I was needed.”
Cas shifted slightly although his eyes were still transfixed on the bed. Gotcha! A few seconds later Cas opened his mouth slightly and Dean pushed his hips forward, thrusting inside Cas' mouth. Fuck! His eyes almost rolled backward. Finally some heat and warmth.
Ion opens up as Cas kisses him greedily. This isn't a soft kiss. No, Cas kisses him as his life depends on it, and after a surprised moan Ion stills, allowing Cas to take control.
frame Cas' face and the shadows playing over his body give him an otherworldly look. Dean thinks about how Cas' eyes used to glow blue with grace, how he used to smite demons with just one touch. He thinks about that barn over a decade and a half ago. If someone had told him he'd fall in love with an angel and that that angel would love him back, he would've told them they'd not lost one but all the damn marbles.
What is there to say, though, when he should've opened his mouth in that storage room instead? What point is there in spilling his heart's desire when his heart is already broken?
“Well, I'm just happy everything is in one place. Makes shopping way easier.” Dean hums. “Yeah, we're getting the good stuff. Can't be as big as in the bunker though, which sucks.”
Cas sighs and widens his legs to give Dean better access. His hips buck gently when Dean strokes. He's a sight to behold. “You're beautiful, Cas.”
“Most of it is about hunts, monsters, and ghosts. Although Eileen suggested that we add in a chapter about Baby. A car can be an important tool in a hunter's arsenal.”
He does it again, and again, and again until he's out of breath and tired. His anger has cooled. Instead of being a raging inferno, it just simmers below the surface. Cas isn't dead. He shouldn't listen to Michael. When has that piece of shit ever –
“It's true.” Castiel takes Dean's hand and kisses his knuckles. “I love everything about you, Dean.”
Cas replied, "I'm not sexually aroused, but it's more wonderful than I ever expected and uuuh..the pleasure is equal to foreplay, so by all means, feel free t-t-tto continue."
It's when Dean's arranging the candles that he feels Castiel behind him. He knows it's the priest because he can feel the buttons of his cassock press against his back.
Dean's eyes narrowed and he pointed a finger at Sam. “Hey, we did way more than kiss. “ He paused as if he reminisced something before continuing. “And look whose talking. It's not like you didn't hook up with a demon too!”
He grabs the cabbage and pulls at some of the leaves, tearing them apart. This catches Lorp's attention, but it's Henley that figures it out. She gently nips at the cabbage and then starts pecking. Lorp cackles and starts pecking too albeit a tad more vigorously.
He stares at the card as the roaring of his pulse overshadows his shallow breathing. The world blurs before his eyes but he doesn't fail to read the six words.
He gets Cas up and off the bed, his desk lamp and the small TV are casualties of this endeavor but at this point he'll do anything to calm Cas down so he stops knocking shit over and breaking it. At least in the hallway there was nothing to break. Dean quickly cleared the bathroom counters before bringing Cas under the hot spray he'd turned on. Noticing the right wing was completely absent from its corporeal state, he internally slumped in defeat as he interpreted it as Cas feeling like he wasn't going to let Dean dare get a hold of another wing to besmerch.
Softly at first but Castiel is the ocean and Dean wants to feel the depth of his love. Soft kisses turn eager, lips branding and then Castiel's breathy moan is at his ear. “I love you.
“Ah, it's nothing, but thanks, Eileen. If you're complimenting me, I'll take it.” Next, he hugs Sam. “Sammy, how's my favorite brother doing?”
Dean tries to keep a neutral face. Honestly, he's surprised Sam stayed that far into the movie. He knows his brother and he knows the last forty-five minutes have been pure agony for him. He doesn't say anything though. “Have fun.”
Not one to delay, Dean gets up. He's surprised to see Cas come up in front of him but that is quickly forgotten when he feels a lubed-up finger enter him.
Dean's heart lurched. He was so damn beautiful. But it was such a damn cliché, falling in love with your roommate. At least their place had two beds.
Instead, Dean exhales softly and listens to the night sounds which turn out to be surprisingly few. He can hear the river whisper gently as it flows nearby and a croaking from a toad or a frog. He's never cared enough about amphibians to try to learn the difference: a croak is a croak. He pulls down his hood and runs his fingers through his hair.
They do mundane things together, like Castiel making him coffee in the mornings, going through lore books in the library, or playing Scrabble.
He knows Castiel is close, feels it in how he wraps his hands around Dean's wrists. “Yeah, please.” He isn't the most eloquent but how can he be when Castiel leaves him almost breathless.
(Where A wants to draw a portrait of B, B wonders why. A says they wanted to draw something beautiful. B answers, then you should've drawn yourself).
Cas grabs the spoon and yanks the bowl away. “I made the crust while you and Jack were out fishing and no more sampling. The pie is for dessert.”
Of course, it happened at the office party. Not that Dean had any experience on office parties at the Stockholm branch, he'd only been in Sweden for a few months, but he'd take any reason to party whatsoever, even if it was a stale office party.
"Gi-gi-justgimmethatalright?" Dean was swiping for the laptop but Cas continued keeping it just out of reach, while giving him the squinty eyes of confusion.
His phone lands on the floor with a thud but Dean doesn't care. His hand flies over his head, coaxing forth the last bit of ecstasy he can. He sinks down back in the chair again, and wipes his hand clean as best as he can.
Dean's last gulp of beer exited his mouth in a panicked spray. "Dammit. Sorry lemme get a towel, ya know I'm just...ha ha... gonna just uh..take this to the kitchen to wipe off..make sure I'm thorou-"
Castiel shrugged. “I feel my humanity more due to the sigils. It's just rain. I'll dry up soon. Let's go.
“It's an industry oven, so it's different from one at home but not too complicated when you get the gist of it. Here they are, the 'lussekatter'.”
“You love me.” Repeating the sentiment again, Cas whole body felt odd. Like everything around him was detached, and the world was blurry except Dean. He could see Dean clearly, painfully so, with all his faults and strengths and contradictions.
The side of one wing flares out and slaps Dean hard, right on the check. Dean gasps. Shock lingers in his system only for a second – he doesn't even have time to coax forth some anger – before the pain travels straight down his cock.
“Great idea.” Dean closes his eyes. “Man, I could really wolf down a bacon sandwich right about now.”
“I should have done this earlier, Dean. 'God speaks in the silence of the heart.' So be,” Castiel thrusts hard, “fucking
“Fuck,” Ion murmurs, “just like that, Cas. His throat constricts so nicely around my cock when you did that. Do it again.”
Cas doesn't give him any more time to respond. He sinks down from his seat and kneels down in front of Dean's legs.
He feels pressure against his throat and his eyes flick open again. He's staring up between two toes, one of them draped across his right shoulder. As he turns to the right, a giant black claw shields his view.
“I was planning on calling them Nugget and Eggnog. Nugget for the gray one and Eggnog for the black one.”
Patting Cas on the chest, Dean says excitedly. “It looks fonzy!” He does the finger guns. “Oh come on. The Fonz! You know that guy in the leather jacket from the sitcom...”
In the scuffle with Jared and Simon, his phone had been knocked out of his pocket. So far, Dean and Sam hadn't tried to contact him, which was a good thing. He was sure that if the witches knew that a phone was nearby, they'd destroy it so the fact that it was still there was a plus.
Jack shrugs and pats the chickens one last time before getting up. “I don't know. You said that driving was peaceful, gave you a clear mind. I guess... I wanted to try it out for myself.”
“No, I know. It's just, these new memory foam mattresses are amazing, Cas. It's like I'm laying on a cloud.”
“Why are you doing that anyway, Mermy; when was the last time you used it?” Phanuel flicked his cigarette and watched the ashes scatter in the wind.
Cas worked his tongue around Dean's head before taking the length of him and sucking hard. Soon Dean was lost in the rhythm of Cas' head bobbing up and down, his tongue expertly teasing and coaxing Dean closer to orgasm. He had no idea how Cas did the whole calm and collected shtick, right now Dean just wanted to jump Cas and make him his in every way imaginable. Just one more thing and then they could take this to bed.
“I want help. I think I'm dying, Cas. My forty-plus body isn't equipped to deal with this. You're killing me.” He hears Cas chuckle.
“I have to ask you a question, now when the opportunity presents itself, Dean.” Cas' voice is husky.
“Look, Cas, it was nothing... the thing we did”, he gestured vaguely at Cas, “it was hot as hell, and it just slipped out. I didn't mean to spook – “
“I don’t know what to do,” he whispered to himself, resting his open palms on the glass case. “Fuck.” He stared down at the case, his eyes catching on a simple gold band right below.
