and that even furthered Dean’s temptation to celebrate another holiday.
Cas knew his mom only wanted the best for him. She was terrified of what would happen if people found out that he was a shapeshifter, how he would be treated differently for something that was entirely out of his control. But he couldn’t help but wonder how many interactions like this he had missed out on in his life by her being so protective of him. Cas reminded himself she was probably right in her fears and suspicions of other people. They often lashed out when it came to things they didn’t understand, and few people even knew that shapeshifters were real. Most wouldn’t even believe it. Cas found himself wondering how Dean would react if he knew. He seemed like the type that would be accepting if he actually believed it, but Cas had thought that about people in the past. It was the reason he vowed to never tell another soul.
“You’re fine, Dean.” His voice was gruff, but the comment patient and sincere. But Dean was still losing his mind, his lack of finesse feeling like it very well may be the death of him. Once again trying to be sexy and fluid, he grabbed at Castiel’s belt, relieved and surprised when it slid through all of the pants rings without hesitation. His hands steadied a bit as he undid the button, and went to jerk the zipper down. But the zipper got stuck, and he didn’t bother trying to hold the frustrated groan in. His angel grabs him by the shoulders, causing his focus to snap to those beautiful blue eyes.
Dean bit his lip nervously, avoiding Sam’s eyes for a moment. He finally let their eyes meet. “You realize this means I’m uh…. I guess I’m into dudes too, right?”
By the time Dean was done with his very
“See ya later, Cas.” He mumbled, stuffing his wallet back in his pocket and making sure to look up at Castiel through his eyelashes as he said his new nickname. Cas raised a single eyebrow and a smirk slid across his lips, causing something to twist deliciously in Dean’s stomach.
Dean grinned at him cheekily. “He forgot to mention that the very same angel has his wings back now.” He smarted off.
used to this. He had lost Cas so many times, in so many ways, but this time... this time was different. This time, everything was different. Hearing Cas admit that he loved him halted Dean's entire world. It wasn't the first time. The first time was yet another time when he almost lost Cas, but after Cas had said he loved him, his wording made it feel like he was speaking to everyone in the room. That he was just admitting that he loved his found family, and in true Winchester form, was willing to do anything to protect them. This time... this time it had just been Dean. Only Dean.
to stay with Dean, instead of flapping his feathery ass away like he always did. And Dean almost fucked up
Claire’s face softened a little bit. She sighed. “He’s a hunter too. He helped me on a case in Dell Rapids about a year ago and we’ve been talking and hanging out ever since, if we’re not in completely different states hunting. I, um… I like him a lot.” Claire dropped her eyes, fiddling with a loose thread on the couch they were sitting on. “But I haven’t introduced him to Jody. I think she’ll scare the hell out of him.”
“In case you’ve forgotten, I’m the
Cas did one of those little half smiles that made Dean weak in the knees. “I’ll let you get some rest. If you change your mind, I’ll be here.” He closed the door behind him, and it took a lot of self-control for Dean not to go after him.
from Etsy. This was by no means an endorsement, I just really want this hoodie lol.
“I know.” Castiel replied. “Because I won’t stop until we do.”
Okay, okay, OKAY. So I'm posted this chapter and then I promise I'm not posting anymore until I reply to everyone because I'm SO far behind on responding to comments. I'm so sorry!
“You know” the lady said. “You three could have easily passed as Sam, Dean, and Castiel!” Her eyes flickered between the three of them before resting on Sam again. “Your hair isn’t quite right, but you’ve got the height. But since you had no idea the books kept going, I guess you’re not that big of a fan.”
Kissing, or in this case straight up making out, wasn’t new to Dean. He had never been the type to have hookups without kissing. Sure, he never planned on calling most of his partners back, but he still craved the intimacy that could come with sex. But he wasn’t sure if that was the direction Cas was aiming this in, and he was so focused on the sheer gravity of the moment that he was keeping their kissing mindful and relatively tame. He could feel the push-pull of Cas trying to match his pace, but he could also feel Cas’ hard dick poking into his thigh and he couldn’t stop himself from grinding his hips up to meet Cas’. He didn’t regret it one bit when it pulled an intoxicating groan from Cas’ lips. The direction had Cas once again zeroing in on his throat, and Dean tilted his head back to give Cas better access. He shuddered at the delicious scrape of stubble of the sensitive skin, and he couldn’t believe that he had ever had the will to deny himself of this for so long. He bit his lip to stay quiet when Cas sucked the tender flesh into his mouth, just the perfect amount of teeth used.
The sun was just starting to peak over the ocean horizon, and the salty air caused Dean to shiver slightly. He was surprised that the temperature had dropped so much since it was sweltering just a few hours ago, but it only reminded Dean that he had no real experience with the beach. There had been one,
Apparently a local hotel had had quite a few unnatural deaths in the past few months. The deaths ranged from hangings to multiple stab wounds, but based on investigation done by police, they were all being ruled as bizarre suicides.
Cas’ eyes shot up to Sam and he looked absolutely scandalized. “No.” He said in a voice that left no room for argument.
“You know.” Dean said into Cas’ mess of dark hair, trying to calm the craze of his heartbeat at how close they were. “I’m not all rainbows and butterflies either, Cas. What I did to you when you tried to stop me after I killed the Stynes…” Dean pulled away but kept his arms around Cas. “I’m sorry.” He said softly.
. One of the only true good guys left, and his willing to fight by his side. He didn’t feel worthy of this kind of loyalty and devotion. Dean really felt the urge to hug him again, but he heard rustling in the kitchen. Bobby was back with the beer.
Sam rolled his eyes. “I’m going to hop in the shower myself.” He said, standing up.
“No.” He replied softly. “I get what you’re saying. I see it too.”
Dean just scoffed, hiking his canvas tote further up his shoulder, sending Castiel one last glare before making the trek back to the Impala.
It didn’t take them long to unpack and get Sam to bed. When they were done, Dean went to his own room, stripping down to nothing but his boxers. He was exhausted, but thankfully not sore after Cas had insisted on healing him. He was about to lie down and pass out, but felt too restless to, and decided to see what Cas was doing. Tying his dead guy robe around himself, he went to his room, walking in upon seeing the door open. He didn’t find Cas, but as he was about to leave, what he did find was a single black feather on the floor right outside Cas’ doorway. He reached down and picked it up, holding it delicately between his thumb and index finger. Dean observed it carefully, angling it different ways so that the shiny dark feather caught the artificial light from the light fixture on the ceiling. “Holy shit.” He mumbled to himself in wonder. Could this actually be one of Cas’ feathers? An actual angel feather?
, Sam. Frothy. It tasted like ass.”
“Oh, he would LOVE to help you out with a case.” Dean replied loudly, knowing that Eileen wouldn’t actually be able to hear him.
“Wouldn’t dream of it.” Dean replied dismissively, flagging down a waitress to order their food. The waitress was busy, but a waiter noticed Dean and waltzed over.
At the age of twenty-four, Dean lost his father. John drank himself to death, to absolutely no one’s surprise. Dean didn’t understand why it hurt so much, because if he was honest with himself, he lost John the same day he lost his mother. Despite the alcoholism, despite the emotional and physical abuse, John’s death only widened the gaping hole in his chest that Mary had already dug out. Mary had believed in the fairytale love stories, but wasn't around long enough to see that it was all a lie. Bobby tried to fill the role of parent that Dean still desperately needed, just like Bobby had tried Dean’s whole life to make up for Sam and Dean’s departed mother and absent father. But Bobby was still trying to piece himself together after his wife’s death, and it wasn’t his place to “fix” Dean. So, Dean just gnashed his teeth, forced a smile, and reminded himself to never fall in love. It may have been the alcohol that killed John, but Dean was convinced that at the end of the day, he really died of a broken heart.
Kevin’s nose scrunched up. “Dude, that’s depressing. You gotta go out and explore. Go to a bar or something. Hit on some pretty ladies.” Cas just stared at him. “…or guys?” Cas tried very hard not to think of his interaction with the compelling man that had bought pie a few days ago. Dean. Calling him “pretty” was wording it lightly. “Either way. Have some fun. Or at least check out some of the best restaurants around here. You know where Hollowell street is right? Two streets over? There’s this great Italian place.
Dean got a few more hours of peaceful isolation before there was another knock at his door. He made a displeased noise, but it wasn’t enough to stop the door from opening. Dean flipped over in bed to snap at Sam but saw Cas instead, and almost swallowed his tongue.
“Did you just
, hurt too much for words. Sam was okay, and that meant the world to Dean. But how was Sam so happy
Instead of lingering on the magnetism of a gorgeous stranger, Cas just unlocked his ‘78 Lincoln Continental and climbed in, willing it to start as he put the keys in the ignition. The engine groaned and sputtered just like it had that morning, but this time refused to actually start. Cas let his head fall back against the headrest with a heavy sigh and crawled back out of the car to pop the hood. He didn’t know why he was bothering, trying to fix any problems the car might have would be the equivalent of him attempting brain surgery, but maybe if he just stared at the engine long enough, his glare would smite it into starting at least long enough to get it to a shop. After staring at the machinery so long his eyes started to hurt, he realized that was a miracle that wasn’t going to happen for him.
Hasdiel- the angel of benevolence
“You can call me Dean.”
“Anything you want.” Dean replied, a little surprised that he meant it.
a painkiller. A hell of a strong one. He could just keep it in his med kit for an emergency when OxyContin and Vicodin weren’t quite strong enough. It was hard for hunters to get pain meds without a doctor to hook them up, especially since pretty much any form of identification a hunter ever has is a fake.
of it meeting flesh. But all those sounds were dull in comparison to the physical sensations that the Mark was giving him. He could feel the rage pumping through his veins, feel the blood dripping from his hands. So. Much. Blood.
long, long ago. Dean knew that while Cas didn’t feel the same way about him, they had crossed that thin, imaginary line at some point before Dean realized he was in love. He didn’t know if it happened while begging on his knees in the crypt or when he refused to leave Purgatory without Cas. It could’ve happened when Dean told the angel that he would rather have him, cursed or not. Maybe when Dean felt his stomach do that weird flip when Cas explained to Sam that they had a more profound bond. Hell, maybe it even happened when Dean was unconscious in a box six feet under when the words ‘Dean Winchester is saved!’ rang through Heaven. Maybe there were a million lines crossed a million different times. And Dean didn’t regret any of it.
it. He gave one last look to Sam, whispering for him to hang on before he was on his feet running at the creature. He could feel the affects of the mark boiling in his blood and he saw red as he grabbed Cas’ dropped angel blade and shoved it into the monster’s back, pulling down hard and ripping a deep, long gash into it.
Sam shook his head, smiling. “… is it a thing in the books?”
“I thought you would never ask.” Sam laughed, picking up a pamphlet for a diner that had delicious breakfast food all over it.
He had met Molly last night as he and Dean hauled their bags up the stairs. Sam liked her. She was sweet and full of life. It was a pleasant change from dealing with his grumpy brother all of the time.
“We surveyed the entire property, Dean. Pretty much the only form of protection this place has is warding. I think she may be the only demon in this place.”
“Hey, Dean.” Sam’s voice responded warmly, and Dean couldn’t stop the small smile that spread across his lips.
and deserves to be treated like the lady that she is.”
Dean grinned. “Maybe you’re actually getting the hang of the whole having a sense of humor thing.” He complimented, reveling in the way that Cas’ eyes softened at being praised. “Do you even have any resolutions? Being an angel and all?”
Cas quickly learned that he had no reason to insult Dean’s driving. While it was clear that he drove over the assigned speed limit, Dean was completely in his element behind the wheel of his car. He knew how it drove like the back of his hand, and Cas had never felt safer in a passenger seat.
Sam stood up too, placing his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “There are plenty of fish in the sea.” He tried, attempting to make his voice light hearted and failing miserably.
Dean felt naked against his gaze, vulnerable. Every time he inhaled, he felt like his chest might splinter. The angel just shook his head sadly, and turned to leave. Something had to give…and so it did.
Dean glared at him and stood up as well. “Since you’re being a fucking brat, yeah, we are going to share them.” He stumbled slightly, and Cas stood up to help rebalance him.
“I wasn’t planning on cramping your style.” Dean said, frowning. “Me and Cas could just get a hotel room and let you try to flirt with Eileen and fail miserably on your own.”
When Dean arrived at the motel, he was surprised to find Cas outside, leaning against the Impala. “What are you doing out here?” He asked breathily, no longer able to feel his toes because of the cold air, despite how thick his boots were.
this. He wasn’t entirely sure if he could bring himself to hookup with her, but she was making it abundantly clear with her body language that she was more than willing. Dean tried to focus on anything other than how her eyes weren’t quite the right shade of blue.
to a game that requires precision and strategy?”
Dean wasn’t surprised to see Castiel standing over Sam, his eyebrows scrunched together in both concentration and intrigue. He tilted his head slightly, reading Sam’s mind and body as if it were an open book. “You were right to have called me. Sam has sustained serious injuries. What did this?”
After a few minutes of healing, Sam’s eyes opened and he immediately shot up on the cot, his chest heaving.
“You have a problem with me going to sleep wearing my normal attire, and the only other article of clothing I have is also for winter. So, I’m taking it all off.” Castiel answered casually, curiously watching as Dean got increasingly more nervous.
“Yeah, but you’ve been doing so great dealing with it lately and I just really wanted to treat you for your birthday-“
, but he’s shocked to find the angel slowly pushing him back on the bed.
, Dean caved in and said they could watch it.
“This whole thing is bullshit.” Dean snapped. “I can’t have
“Jeez, Dean. It’s good to see you too.” Charlie looked down at Dean’s hand and raised an eyebrow. “If you wanted to get in Cas’ pants, all you had to do was ask.” She added smirking.
Castiel’s phone rang. He pulled it from his trench coat pocket, reading the number carefully. It was not a number he was familiar with, and it worried him. Sam, Dean, Claire, Jody, and possibly Donna were the only people who could possibly have his number. It was possible that one of them had changed their number or gotten a new phone, it was something that hunters did frequently.
Sam leaned forward, ignoring how disgruntled Dean was, because suddenly the case was making sense. “The spirit has been attacking men, but not
“But a resort this expensive would be such a large purchase that it would immediately flag the cards.” Cas explained.
Cas turned to Sam, a terrifying look on his face that reminded Sam that he was in the presence of an angel, not just some socially awkward guy in a trench coat. “We kill them anyway.”
Dean swallowed, a heaviness in his heart that he couldn’t quite describe. Cas was looking at him like he was the only thing that mattered, and it made Dean’s stomach turn because none of this was real. It was terrifying how loudly a part of him was screaming that he could just stay here. He could just see how this dream panned out. “I’m sorry, Cas. But I.. I gotta figure out how to wake up.”
If you're interested, you can find my tumblr
him. How would it feel to die by his hands?”
. Cas looked up and caught Dean glaring when Dean didn’t school his face quickly enough. He tilted his head in confusion and Dean hated how fucking cute he thought that was.
“This is the first time you’ve invited me to spend a holiday with you.” Cas responded, deciding not to mention how it was not quite Thanksgiving like Dean had earlier.
Castiel watched his back, feeling a smile form on his lips. Dean was such a selfless, thoughtful person, but never wanted credit for it. He was always modest. Regardless of wanting to deny his worth, he truly was the righteous man, and it was small moments like these that reminded Cas of why he chose Dean over Heaven.
“Ah, that sucks, man. But you look good now. I mean, you look healthy. Don’t get me wrong, you look
Magnus clasped his hands behind his back, his eyes wandering over his findings. He spoke aloud to Natasha, but the question was geared more to himself. “The angel is clearly capable of love, and for whatever reason has chosen Dean Winchester to be the object of his desire. But do you think his emotions are able to go beyond that Natalia? Or do you think this particular angel is just horribly broken?”
Dean opened the fridge, grabbing a beer. He sat down, kicking his feet up on the kitchen table, trying to think of something else that needed to be cleaned or organized. Sam had taken one of the Men of Letters cars and went on a shopping trip to stock up on food and supplies that they already had plenty of, and if he would have been at the bunker would have insisted that Dean do more research about the mark. Dean wasn't dumb. Sam had left because after blaming him for Charlie's death, killing each and every one of the Stynes, and attacking Cas, things were still more than a little awkward between them. Dean's mind began to wander, and he couldn’t help but wonder what Cas had been up to. Things were still a little weird with Cas too, but neither of them had brought up what Dean had done. Cas had been spending a lot more time in Heaven playing damage control, and Dean was starting to miss having him around. Occasional calls about cases weren't the same. He hadn’t heard from the angel in a few weeks, and he thought about calling him. He shimmied his phone out of his pocket, selecting Cas’ number. But then he figured that the dorky feathered guy was probably busy dealing with crap a lot more important than watching a movie or throwing back a few beers.
The angel was staring up at him with wide, gorgeous blue eyes and Dean leaned forward a little more before pausing and pulling back, shooting up off the couch like someone had lit a fire under his ass. “Sleep. Yeah. That’s what I was going to do. Go to sleep. ‘Night, Cas.” He squeaked, knowing damn well that panic was etched into every line of his face. He darted for the door without saying another word, not even allowing himself to register the look on Cas’ face before his brain tried to convince him that it was
Dean kissed him again. "Yeah, me too, angel."
He didn’t regret sacrificing himself for Sam, even if it landed him in Hell. He didn’t regret encouraging Cas to pursue free will, even if he couldn’t imagine while anyone would choose him over Heaven. He didn’t regret the fights, the lies, the betrayal. He didn’t regret the year in Purgatory or taking the Mark of Cain. It had been a shitty, dark, bloody life, but all of those things had lead Dean to this one moment of peace where he was able to drunkenly watch an HBO show with two people who he would give absolutely anything for. There was a part of him that ached for Castiel, ached for
“Cas…”
“We have a lead on Rowena. Are you staying are coming?”
“Uh, yeah.” Dean muttered, clearing his throat. He was suddenly feeling all weepy and he was one hundred percent not okay with it. “If you’re tired, and I’m tired, we should probably go to sleep.” He sat up abruptly and began wiggling out of his jeans so that he could crawl under the sheets.
“Um, sure, whatever Cas.” Dean rasped. He then pointedly climbed into bed, ignoring the angel and flipping over so that he was facing away from Castiel.
Sam glanced down at his sleeping brother, making a face a pure disgust when he saw his brother’s hips move against Cas again. A breathy, quiet moan escaped Dean’s lips, and Sam wanted to jump out the window. “Because I am
He thought to himself.
count as a Western. Cas made it up to him by picking
Dean put the Impala in park, running his hands over the steering wheel nervously. He could just call Sam, showing up might be a little…much. But would Sam even pick up? If he did, would he even want to talk to Dean? If he didn’t, did that mean he was in trouble? He could just pop in, just to make sure Sam was okay. He didn’t even have to say anything, didn’t even have to let Sam know that he was there… Dean was not okay, but he
“Shouldn’t you have named the queen Beyonce?’ Dean asked with a smirk, nudging Cas with his elbow. The moment his elbow came in contact with Cas’ arm, the angel flinched away, and a small frown formed on his lips. Dean swallowed hard. Cas must blame him for everything Magnus had done. Why else did he recoil like he had been burned just because Dean touched him? He cleared his throat to say something but stopped when he noticed Cas glaring angrily at the wall in front of him. “Uh, Cas, listen… I’m sorry, I-“
But what did the dead bitch expect? Cas had
Castiel felt awful for missing most of Dean’s birthday, even if Dean hated attention being brought to it. It made it especially difficult because he couldn’t tell Dean about his plans, not yet at least. He took solace in the fact that he wasn’t in French Polynesia for pleasure, but
“Do you not like your freckles?” Castiel tilted his head to the side, his blue eyes searching Dean’s green ones.
Castiel’s eyes left the car, suddenly piercing directly into Dean’s own. “I hope you’re able to love someone like that someday, Dean.”
After dinner, Castiel zapped all the dishes clean when Sam began to argue that he should clean them, but Donna and Jody insisted on doing it. Jody and Donna were both impressed, and that’s when a million questions began about his grace. He was thankful when he managed to excuse himself to look for Claire. He found her in the den, sitting on the couch texting while Sam and Dean argued about what movie they should put on for their guests. Castiel sat down next to her, a little burned out on social interaction. He never felt this way when he was just around Dean.
frustrating. You may find yourself wondering why you're reading a slowburn when we've already had to endure one for ten years. But that's just it. I'm trying to keep this fic as canon compliant and as in character as I possibly can, and Cas and Dean aren't just gonna stow their shit and find themselves worthy of each other over night. I can tell you this though: The next chapter involves a very important case that will take place over the next few chapters, and that case changes
Dean smiled. His eyes were soft and warm and reassuring. “Yeah, no problem.” Then, changing the subject, “So, I didn’t hear a peak out of the mark at all today. Maybe that’s a good sign, right? Maybe I’m getting able to control it better. Things were a little rough after the Tulpa…”
need to say that just being he was thinking it. It turned his focus on chopping the potatoes for the hashbrowns.
He ran over to Sam, checking to see if he was still breathing, and getting his little brother’s blood all over his hands in the process. He looked down at his hands, the blood staining the skin, and balled his hands into fists. He looked over at the Tulpa, who was currently preoccupied with fighting Castiel.
Without thinking, Dean immediately spit in her face, completely disgusted. She barely blinked but looked over to Ivan expectantly. Ivan made his way over and pinned Dean to the rock by shoulders and Vera worked on undoing his pants. Dean squeezed his eyes shut, feeling bile climb its way up his throat when he heard his name being yelled, echoing in the cave.
Dean gave him one of those grateful looks that frustrated Castiel to no end. It was very apparent that Dean didn’t get complimented nearly enough for him to look at Cas like that, like his words were gospel. “If you think that store brand pie I bought was good, wait until you try Jody’s apple pie.” He said, immediately trying to redirect the attention away from him. “And she’s bringing mac and cheese and gravy. Oh, and Donna is bringing broccoli casserole and cornbread muffins.” Dean got a dreamy look on his face that almost made Cas chuckle. Dean noticed Cas’ amused expression and smiled shyly, rubbing the back of his neck. “It’ll be cool to have everyone together. You’re not still worried about Claire coming, are you?”
Cas violently flinched away from Dean’s touch, and Dean had to swallow roughly. This was a completely different angel than the one that snuggled up with Dean on the couch, the angel that leaned into his touch during pool. And it was all Dean’s fault. Had he not taken the Djinn magic too far, or had he just tried to contact Cas earlier, his angel wouldn’t have been in this predicament.
Dean's thoughts were going dangerously close to sounding like a prayer to Castiel, and he drowned them out with Led Zeppelin lyrics. The last thing he wanted was the angel showing up while he was trying to deal with all this shit. He kicked off the scratchy bed sheets and swung his legs off the side of the bed, standing up. He had the intention of pouring himself a glass a water, but pouring whiskey into the glass felt a lot more satisfying.
Smiling back at him, Dean opened his mouth to say something, but was distracted by the sound of a tow truck pulling into the parking lot. “That’s Bobby.” He exclaimed, looking delighted. It was clear that the man driving meant a great deal to Dean. Dean waved him over dramatically, even though it was obvious the truck was already making its way over to them.
Furrowing his eyebrows in confusion, Dean stared at him for a moment. “Are you asking me out on a date?”
“Now is a good time as any.” Vera responded, winking and reaching around her back to unlatch her bra.
“How? You didn’t even
Dean looked back over at Sam asleep peacefully on the bed next to him. He wasn’t sure when, but at some point tears had formed in his eyes and were overflowing, bouncing off the poor excuse for a pillow beneath his head. Dean’s first time doing heroin wasn’t his last. And he had still had the nerve to ride Sam’s ass about the demon blood. Now that he was thinking about it, a lot of it had to do with the fact that he hated himself for not being able to pick up any tell-tale signs of addiction from Sam that he should have noticed. He sat up, wiping his eyes. He dropped his head, his chin just barely resting against his chest. There were many times that Dean wanted to do it again when he felt like he had lost control of the Mark. The scariest part was that he
“Break?” Sam asked, raising his eyebrows.
still my family. You may have screwed up more than any other angel I know-“ Castiel frowned “-but you’re also the only angel I know that has always tried to correct your wrongdoings. You’re the only angel that fought against the upper ranks when you knew they weren’t doing Father’s work. You are the only angel that did exactly what he asked of you.”
“I’m glad to know I’m needed here.” Castiel said sincerely.
“Perfect.” Dean muttered to himself. He took off running, stopping himself and sliding the moment his feet touched the slick living room floor. He hooted triumphantly as he skated over the entire length of the floor…until he looked up and saw that Castiel, Angel of the Lord was watching him. Dean immediately tried to stop himself and ended up losing his balance and crashing into a bookshelf. The contents of the shelf toppled on top of him, and he groaned grumpily as one of the heavy books landed on his head.
.” Suspicion suddenly tingled up Dean’s spine. “…why?”
Seb shrugged. “Nothing. The vamps have done a great job at covering their tracks. I usually hunt in the Boston area, but I just so happened to be out this way when I saw the deaths on the news.”
“I suppose you would be correct, Sam.”
“We normally fair better in much colder climates.” Ivan scrunched up his nose in disgust. “These waters are too warm, especially this time of year. But it was too risky. Nordic countries pass down stories about us from generation to generation, and while nearly no one believes the tales, it makes things too risky. Fishermen are superstitious, and women are...more careful. I’ve had no luck at luring any females in our homeland or here… but Vera has had a lot of luck.”
Olivia smiled fondly at Bethany. She was fully convinced that had the cast of
. He blundered down the bunker hallway, his ears ringing so badly that he didn’t realize Cas was calling out to him until he physically ran into the angel, stumbling against the wall only to slide down it to the floor because he couldn’t fight to stay upright. His vision was blurry and darkening around the edges as all he could do was stare up at Cas, grappling at his shirt so hard that the seams of the fabric groaned in protest, ripping.
Dean took his eyes off the road to stare as Castiel. “You’re kidding, right? They’re already not exactly my biggest fan.”
They had just gotten done watching the latest
Sitting in their room drinking whiskey just wasn’t cutting it, and Dean had convinced Sam to join him in finding a bar. There was one within walking distance to Briar Cliff, and Dean was pleased to see a couple of pool tables. They were running low on cash, and the current credit card he was using was starting to push its limit. It was time to get piss drunk and pretend like he was too drunk to play. Hustling was simple, and it would take it mind off of all the shit with the ghost earlier. Dumb bitch. Thought he was into Cas. Was she fucking crazy? Yeah Cas was awesome,
Dean interrupted him with a low whistle. The closest boat, a Whitewater 28, was still tethered a few yards away, but that wasn’t what had distracted him. What distracted him was the woman bent over the back of the boat, snapping instructions at someone working on the propellers. Her wavy blonde hair kept falling in her face as she was bent over until she finally took a hair tie from around her wrist and pulled in back in a messy ponytail. An easy, confident smirk spread across his lips when he took in her thick, tanned thighs and round, full ass barely contained by her short cut off jean shorts. She finally noticed Sam, Dean, and Cas approaching and she looked Dean up and down, taking him in with a smirk of her own. Dean shot her wink; this was exactly what he needed to take his mind off of Cas. He heard Sam mutter the word ‘ridiculous’, but he ignored it and very pointedly didn’t look at Cas.
“Y-yeah…” Dean stuttered breathlessly, suddenly overwhelmed by the fact that he was about to see and
Dean knew it. He knew he wouldn't get a second chance, that he didn't deserve one. Cas would hate him thinking like that. He would think Dean was deserving, and that made the reality hurt so much worse. "Is that why it took longer to bring Eileen back?"
just hearing Cas say his name in that voice added at least three new scenarios to his spank bank. Dean was suddenly the one flustered, and almost forgot his bag with his pie before remembering to snatch it up at the last second before turning to head to his car.
“Dean!” Cas said excitedly. “This man uses organic, local honey in
Sam shrugged. “I know. But we have the extra room. And you don’t
Castiel just folded his hands in his lap and went back to looking out the window. He knew he was being petulant, but seeing Dean openly flirt with Vera stirred something protective and jealous in him. Dean was a flirt and seeing him lay the charm on someone during a case wasn’t abnormal, but Cas had picked up just how at ease Dean was, just how interested Vera was in Dean sexually. Their mutual interest was etched into every movement and word, and it was driving Castiel mad with jealousy he had no right to even have.
that it invaded his senses every time he stepped into the room. Even though it smelled nothing like Dean’s actual room, it still made this room special in Castiel’s eyes and made him strangely attached to it. He knew that Sam and Dean were attached to their own rooms as well.
He looked up to see Cas opening his mouth in response and he tried to hold up a hand to stop him, but Cas spoke anyway. “Dean, accepting the mark of Cain may have been astronomically dumb-“ Dean fixed him with a look but he ignored it. “-but you did it for the right reasons. You were trying to save the world from Abaddon. You were willing to once again sacrifice yourself to stop the world from burning.” Dean’s immediate instinct was to argue, but Cas glare said he clearly wasn’t in the mood for Dean’s self-loathing today, and he snapped his mouth shut before he said anything dumb. “That should be one of your New Year’s resolutions.” Cas said coolly. “You should work on accepting the fact that you are
Suddenly, Dean let out a frustrated groan. “C’mon, Cas. Just let me help. You’re freaking shedding all over the bunker, and you’re clearly so uncomfortable that you’ve been
“Nothing.” Dean said, shrugging. He intentionally kept the movement in his shoulders so that it wouldn’t jostle Castiel’s hand. “Well… maybe…”
Sam rolled his eyes dramatically and pulled out bitchface number 72. “You couldn’t pay me to watch that garbage.” He mumbled, getting up and heading to his bedroom, his laptop in hand.
Dean swallowed hard and felt his face heat up. How did Cas just say shit like that? It made Dean want to do incredibly stupid things, like kiss him stupid and make him turn those words into a promise. Instead, he said “Wow, Cas. Way to make a man feel flattered.” Dean mentally facepalmed at how fucking cheesy he was.
“So, what makes you think that’s what we’re dealing with? I get that you’re saying it’s unlikely, but there has to be a reason you would think to bring them up.” Sam wasn’t trying to be pressing, or say that Cas was wrong, but he wasn’t exactly elaborating on the subject.
“Hey, Cas.” Sam spit out through giggles.
Dean relaxed marginally, but before he could respond, Andrisha was back. Seb ordered two beers and slid one to Dean. He waved Andrisha off for the time being. “Yeah, man. I’m not having any luck so far. What about you?”
“With the homophobic spirit?” Dean snorted. “Yeah. I remember that.” Cas looked up, meeting Dean’s eyes. Dean immediately leaned into him a little closer and immediately internally chastised himself for it. One look from Cas and he was drawn in like a ship to a siren’s song. The dating app was supposed to be fixing that. It absolutely was not.
Sam wasn’t just okay. Sam was
“Is that why I’ve never heard of rusalkas? Rusalki? You guys are supposed to be all dead?” Dean could feel the familiar bubble of panic in his chest. The mark wasn’t pissed enough to give him the strength to break through the rope, and he couldn’t free his hands. Vera was slowly inching closer, and he was running out of options.
“Hello, Claire.” He responded softly.
“Who’s got your thumbs on fire over there?” Dean asked, plopping down on one of the worn-out recliners. Okay, so maybe it was a little petty and passive aggressive to choose not to sit next to Cas on the couch.
Cas ended up returning later that afternoon when Sam and Dean were scoping out the Devil’s Tramping Ground. Dean just barely jumped and glared at Cas through the review mirror. “Where have you been?” He asked gruffly. He was annoyed because Sam had tried to bring up his dream at least three more times since this morning, and he had a feeling that if Cas would’ve been around he would have just shut his stupid little brother trap.
Suddenly all the inappropriate thoughts about the guys disappeared from Dean’s mind. Insulting Baby? That was the last straw. “And you’re the one with the asshole bees.” Dean snapped, grinding his teeth.
their shirtless best friend. Even if their best friend had really badass wings.
“The neighbor must be good lookin’.” Dean jumped, not even noticing that Benny had come to refill their drinks. It was way below his pay grade, but he always took care of their refills when they came in.
days away. He forced a laugh. “Yeah, you’re not going to get anything out of her, buddy. Little miss ‘I don’t need anything from anybody’. I’m surprised she’s not like cursing you out for even asking.”
Dean choked on his second shot and attempted to cough it up, along with part of one of his lungs. “Uh, sorry, I didn’t mean it like that.” He responded sheepishly.
“All conscious beings have thoughts on how to better their lives or their survival.” Cas shrugged slightly. “Though I don’t understand why-“
into men.”
voices then. Sam and Cas both answering him from somewhere in the cave.
“I can’t wait for you to try everything. I mean, you’re probably still tasting molecules but…” Dean shrugged, blushing slightly.
Rowena’s plan wasn’t entirely thought out, which didn’t surprise Crowley. It was why her plans often failed. She hadn’t actually thought past Cuthbert Sinclair capturing Castiel, or how to get him to even agree to the plan once his soul was returned to a body. Luckily, Crowley had two factors that smoothed out the plan significantly. The first important thing that he had access to, was a very old voicemail on his phone left by Dean, saying that he needed help. The second was Castiel’s phone number from where he had tried to contact Crowley about the mark in a ditch effort a few months ago. He knew the angel well enough to know that’s all he needed to be in absolute control. If Castiel felt like Dean was in danger, he would blindly run to him without thinking things through thoroughly. And Crowley’s demons thought
The den looked cute (though Dean would never speak those words out loud) with all the Christmas lights, their little tiny tree, and even three stockings hung by the fireplace like some kind of damn nursery rhyme. He wasn’t sure if it was just the alcohol talking, but it made Dean want to plan ahead for holidays, for real this time. He wanted to celebrate holidays with his brother and best friend, and even though he knew their lives would never be normal, that there was no white picket fence in sight, he desperately wanted to cling to this little bit of normalcy.
“Cas, you should stay here. Especially if you’re trying to save up your angel mojo.” Dean said sternly, using his my-answer-is-final dad voice that Sam rarely heard him use nowadays.
Sam huffed out a sigh that sounded a lot like a laugh. “Cas isn’t here, and you’re being all…weird and avoidant. Did something happen between you guys while I was hunting with Eileen?”
.” Natasha snapped. “Ted isn’t here today and I’m not dragging your ass all over the place. Magnus let up on the mobility curse and you’ll be able to walk but he doesn’t have all day.”
. Raising Ben was just a replacement for how he looked out and cared for Sammy, except that this time he was a father instead of a big brother. They were just there, failing to fill a void that Sam and Cas had left. It wasn’t bad. Dean was as happy as he could be with them, but a part of him knew that they would never be enough. When Sam came back, when Cas came back, it took the weight off of Dean’s chest that Lisa and Ben couldn’t even budge. He loved them, but they would never be able to make him as happy as he was when he was with Sam and Cas.
“Then I’m surprised you don’t use it more.” Dean’s brain was shouting at him to shut the fuck up, and he had no idea why he kept talking. “Like you know, develop hobbies or go get laid or something.” He was a little proud that his voice didn’t crack, and he was able to get his brain to focus on the road ahead of him and not the dream that he had last night. He could feel Cas staring at him, but he didn’t answer. He wasn’t sure if that made things better or worse.
Sam huffed, running a hand through his hair in frustration. “What about how he feels? Or how he’s going to feel once he gets back up here and I explain that you’re not here because you’re on a date?”
fucked up face, and then steal
The demon passed them, and Dean quietly hoisted himself up and through the window, landing soundly and softly on his feet. The demon had stopped to look at a sigil that seemed scratched up, but still heard him and turned around. Dean was already shoving the demon blade in her gut and twisting it with a grunt. She fell to the ground and Dean stepped over her, kicking a purple manicured hand out of the way unceremoniously as Sam finished cramming himself through the window, his longer legs making it a more difficult feat for him.
Using his grace, Castiel could easily eavesdrop on their conversation in the map room if he felt the need to. But he respected the Wincesters’ privacy, and the last time he had eavesdropped (remaining hidden while he was working with Crowley) had not worked out in his favor. He ended up accidentally sliding information about the private conversation into conversations of his own. It was one of the many times that he found out that Dean did not appreciate being spied on. Even if he was never caught, Castiel knew he would have to carry around the guilt of betraying a loved one’s trust yet again.
Vera wasn’t kidding about how beautiful the open ocean was during sunset. The sky was pink, orange and gold, cascading soft light across the waves, painting the water so that it almost looked like a deep purple. Vera was so carefree and relaxed behind the helm, her blonde hair tossed about in the wind and a constant smile on her face. She laughed when she took a particularly sharp turn, causing Dean to stumble and have to grab the side of the boat to stop himself from toppling over into the water.
had heard from him? Yeah, he was panicking. Just a little. He could feel a panic attack coming on and was trying to force it down because he had to stay focused. They had to find Cas.
“You’re heaven…it’s Dean.” Sam interjected. Castiel’s eyes grew wide, before quickly looking at the floor. Embarrassment was not a human emotion that he was very fond of. “Cas… you have to tell him.”
“Sam… should I have… gotten up when he did this?” Cas looked up at him. He was all sad, blue, confused eyes.
that was glowing, or at least parts of her. She was sitting atop a rock in the water and still looked eerily human excluding her new, clawed and webbed hands, annular pupils and freaky yellow eyes, and patches of scales scattered in clusters across her exposed skin since she had ditched her clothing. As Dean blinked and strained his eyes, he realized it was the scales that were glowing a soft seafoam green, providing the cave with more light. At this point, Dean was surprised she didn’t have a mermaid tail or tentacles sprouting out somewhere.
“It’s called ‘Fool in the Rain’. It’s by the band Led Zeppelin.”
demons. Crowley looked to his henchmen standing on both sides of his throne, and they were both pointedly looking anywhere but at him. They clearly agreed with Rowena and didn’t want their opinions to be asked. Crowley was really going soft.
“I- it’s just a stuck button, Dean. I can-“
“That’s the point of preening, Dean.” Cas said softly, his expression shy.
Smiling, Dean leaned against the helm just as an excuse to move closer. “Deal.” He pulled a fake business card out of his stifling jacket pocket and handed it to her. The boat moved slightly with the shift of added weight and Dean looked up to see Cas boarding. “Detective Graham.” He greeted, trying to figure out what Cas was trying to communicate with his eyes alone as he glared at Dean. Then Dean remembered that Vera’s boat needed to be cleared. Being gorgeous didn’t give her a free pass. “Uh, Vera? You have to tell me about the speed on this baby.” He blurted when he noticed her curiously looking between them.
was the one that was special. Dean was so fucked.
When they finally arrived in Salt Lake City, Utah, they didn’t bother changing into their fed suits. Jody had called her friend Sheriff Noah Mathers to let him know they were on their way, and he met them in the parking lot of the police department, a coffee in hand, so they could talk privately. Noah was a middle-aged man with a mustache and kind eyes who was about half a head shorter than Cas.
, more than once. He didn’t think it could hurt anymore than it already did. But now? Knowing damn well he was in love with Cas, and knowing that something wasn’t right? It was destroying him. He could barely swallow past the lump in his throat, could barely blink the stinging from his eyes.
When Dean arrived at the Gas-N-Sip, he was relieved to only see a few cars parked out front. Usually, Lawrence’s typical, generic gas-station-slash-convenience-store was normally packed. It had cheaper gas and all around cheaper prices, and Dean would be lying if he said their sixty-seven cent slushies weren't worth the stop, even if Dean thought that not making them just two cents more expensive was a missed opportunity.
“What the fuck-“ Dean tried to pull back, but the grip on his arm tightened painfully. He twisted attempting to get out of Vera’s grip, but her dainty, manicured nails were now replaced with long, sharp claws attached to webbed fingers.
Dean felt himself blush bright red. “Jesus Christ, Cas. We are not going to have this conversation. Just know this is your room, okay?” He quickly turned his back so that he could open the door and had an excuse to not look at Cas. “It’s not much, but it’s pretty much like all of the other rooms. You can even decorate it how you want. Just make yourself at home, yeah?” Castiel thanked him again, and Dean showed him how to work Netflix. Even though the dorky trench coat wearing celestial being was clueless in most areas, he was a quick learner and had the entire remote figured out in less than five minutes. Dean sat down on the edge of Cas’ new bed, completely impressed.
Castiel didn’t even flinch and Dean was a little proud of him because the creatures voice was making his hair stand on end. “Yeah, well that’s not gonna happen, dick.” Dean said, stepping forward with Sam at his side. Cas held out an arm and pushed him back so that he was in front, protecting both the Winchesters.
to. It made him feel ashamed, and the kind of filthy that a shower couldn’t wash off. He had flirted with Daniel with little to no shame, because in his drunken stupor, all he could focus on was that Daniel was sexy, despite what was going on between his legs. Daniel just had that sort of sex appeal that Dean always tried to aim for himself, there was something classically charming about him. He had the kind of smile that made people melt. And it definitely worked on Dean.
him. Castiel grabbed Todd’s arm as he walked by, his fingers digging into the muscular flesh of his bicep.
“You’re drunk, Dean. I’m not letting you drive.” Sam said firmly.
“Thank you, Dean. You didn’t have to do that.” Cas said, smiling at him. He liked how when Dean blushed, it caused his freckles to pop out more.
. If you’re not busy with wing stuff. Sam is asleep and we’re already halfway through the first season, but I don’t mind starting the show over, so you’re not lost.”
etched into the paint in swooping purple font. Which wasn’t nearly as funny as
After only fifteen minutes of boredom, Dean was up pacing the floors. He knew Sam would love his dumb, fancy latte maker. He knew that the girls would love the gifts that he, Sam, and Cas collectively got them, even if they wouldn’t be able to give them to the ladies until a week or so after Christmas. He knew he would love whatever anyone got him…but he was still freaking out about what he had gotten Cas. At the time it seemed sensible and thoughtful, now it just seemed a little
They said their goodbyes, and even though Dean and Cas were now both standing up straight, leaning against the pool table, there was still that weird, electrical energy pulsing between them. Their eyes met, and Dean realized it would be so easy. Being with Cas would be so effortless, so comfortable. If he were ever lucky enough to have that, he knew it would be nothing like his dream. They were more likely to get woken up by a phone call about mysterious disappearances or gruesome deaths than they were on their own accord, limbs tangled and fully rested. The apple pie life wasn’t an option for Dean, and there was a part of him that never fully wanted it. Not even with Lisa. How was he supposed to sleep at night after giving up hunting, the one thing that made him feel useful? But Dean was okay with not having a white picket fence and two and a half kids. He was willing to take whatever the universe offered him, as long as he could have this, have Cas looking at him like maybe, just maybe he felt the same way.
I'm really bad at responding to people, but I promise to get to everyone eventually!
“What?” Dean asked dumbly, completely distracted by the bounce of her chest as she worked the boots off.
“Would you go on a date with me tomorrow night?”
And that’s when it finally clicked in Sam’s head and all his thoughts came to a screeching halt. He knew it.
of guy. I didn’t think you fit that MO.”
For those of you that can't remember, the only time we've seen Cas use a gun (Other than the endverse Cas) is when Bobby gave him a shotgun when they went to take down the Leviathans.
“Yeah, sure thing.” Sam said, giving Dean a look that made his skin crawl. Sometimes Sam was completely oblivious, but sometimes Dean could swear his brother could see right through him. “Make sure you both get some rest, okay?” He didn’t give Dean time to respond before he was out of the penthouse, leaving Dean alone with deafening silence. The silence was a hell of a lot better than the whispering of the mark, or screaming if it was angry enough, but it was still heavy and left Dean feeling uneasy.
“So, are we going to talk about this, or are you going to pace a hole in the library floor?”
But the thing is… it wasn’t perfect.
Dean looked over at Sam and they exchanged a conversation with their eyes. Sam rolled his eyes at the excitement on Dean’s face. They were going to have to go to Comic-Con.
Behind David, two other demons were dragging Rowena, her small frame struggling against the firm grip they had on her arms. Her bright red hair was a flurry of color and she tried to pull away from them with all her might. She wasn’t going anywhere. The demons were easily twice her size and they had her cuffed, making it impossible for her to use a spell. Crowley smirked and sat up straight, waving a hand to dismiss Natasha. “Ah, mother! What a
When the bartender came over to the guy, he purchased two Bud Lights and slide one over to Dean. “I know you already have a drink, but I figured you’ll eventually run out, right?” The guy laughed nervously. Dean looked at him in confusion, and then shot a glance at Cas who was observing the two of them with utter curiosity. “So what brings you here, freckles?” Dean choked on his beer.
Sam made eye contact with Castiel, and Sam smiled, raising his eyebrows. Castiel looked away quickly, wiping his palms against the fabric of his dress pants on his thighs. His hands weren’t sweating, but it was a nervous habit that he had picked up from interacting with humans. Thankfully, Sam sensed his discomfort and didn’t bring it up. “So, we should probably stop drinking so much if we want to write down our New Year’s resolutions before the ball drops, and we want them to actually make sense.” Sam said, noticing Dean down the rest of his beer before grabbing another one.
“We could try the game.” Dean suggested, not paying attention to where he was going and running straight into a man. Sam raised his eyebrows in surprise when he recognized the actor from Star Trek. “Chr-Chris Pine?” Dean spluttered nervously.
“Dean…what did you do?” He asked, keeping his tone even.
it. When he noticed just how bad things had gotten, he tried to stop doing it. His skin would itch, and his pores would sweat. His hands would shake, and his stomach would cramp with nausea. Sometimes he felt so weak that even lifting an arm above his head caused the muscles to ache. He felt like he had been hit by a derailing train, and yet somehow, he was also the train.
“I… I don’t know. I feel as though it would be a lot of things. It would be beautiful. There would be colors I have not yet experienced, tastes I have not yet tasted. It would be a strange place that was soft, yet strong. Dark, yet passionate. Its sound would be soothing. It would smell like…” He trailed off.
“And maybe you just need to get out more, you know? You never do anything that’s not watching tv or involving a case anymore. Isn’t there like a retro arcade that opened up recently in Kansas? We could check it out. We could bring Cas too. Can you imagine-“
Dean snorted. “I’m more concerned about you.” He replied, just as self-deprecating as he always was.
Dean went missing for a few months after he massacred the Styne family, holing himself up to try to get a grip on the Mark of Cain after what he did to Castiel. Sam never stopped searching for his brother or trying to contact him. He continued to threaten and blackmail Rowena to use
(See the end of the chapter for
The door swung open, causing Dean to stumble into the tiny dressing room. He got a good look at Cas, and suddenly his lungs weren’t working. There was nothing spectacular about the way he looked, he was just in cheap, Walmart jeans and an even cheaper, plain, black v neck, but it completely took Dean’s breath away. Cas’ hair was an absolute disaster from trying on a bunch of shirts, and he was staring at Dean with wide, blue eyes, taking in their accidental proximity. Dean could feel saliva flooding his mouth, and he worked his throat, swallowing roughly. “The button is stuck?” He questioned dumbly.
And that didn’t even include the mark of Cain hitting him at full force. It didn’t include the loud hum in his head and the whispering voice trying to convince him to kill even when there wasn’t a monster, to take and take and take until there was nothing else left to give the ancient evil.
“Well I’m gonna go on a beer run. I need a few drinks after everything I’ve seen tonight. Just try and fix ‘em up, alright, Cas?” The angel nodded at Bobby, already placing his index and middle finger to Sam’s forehead. Dean brushed past Bobby, taking the seat that was once his.
“All by myself.” Vera responded proudly. She climbed onto the boat, motioning for Dean to follow her. “This is my baby. You should hear her purr when I get her out on the open water.” Dean was pretty sure he was a little in love, and the more they talked, the less forced his flirting felt. “Listen, Detective Lector-“
. Castiel had tried to stop thinking about Dean. Especially with the things that Magnus said about him. He tried to stop the voice in the back of his head that tried to tell him that Dean would come for him, that Dean would save him. Dean kept praying to him, begging him to return. Castiel knew it had been weeks despite time slipping away and Dean was giving up hope, thinking Castiel was ignoring him. Dean wasn’t coming. No one was.
Dean slid the credit card back in his wallet, and slid his wallet back in his pocket as he made his way back to the Impala. He opened the driver’s door and tossed one of the keys at Sammy, causing him to stir awake. “Rise and shine, Sammy! We got an evil son of a bitch to kill!”
“Dean, we should be using any available time to research the mark. Or to at least try to figure out how we can locate Rowena.” Cas replied sternly.
Narrowing her eyes, Andrisha looked Dean up and down observantly. “You don’t look much like a detective. Undercover, I’m guessing?” Dean nodded. “Well, I’m sorry Detective Morrison, but I don’t know anything about the attacks. I know one of the victims was a regular here. A really pretty girl. This wasn’t really here scene though. When she came in, she was always decked out in cheap Hot Topic apparel, but anytime you saw her around town she wouldn’t be dressed like that.”
. It wasn’t exactly easy to plan in advance when you’re a hunter. There was no way of telling when a case would come up. It was one of the reasons that so few hunters seemed to settle down. Taking down a wendigo wasn’t exactly a romantic first date, and it’s a little hard to explain to the in-laws that you can’t show up for dinner because you’re beheading a vamp.
“Oh.” Cas responded, his eyes looking up as he could see the top of his own hair. Hell, he was an angel. Maybe he could. Cas’ hair instantly dried, though it remained a bird’s nest on his head. “I took a shower.”
A small, sad smile perked up Cas’ lips. “The day I raised you from Hell…. Dean…. You saved me just as much as I saved you. That was the first time you saved me, but it wasn’t the last. I’m sure I have yet to see the last time. I trusted that it would be you that would save me again.” Dean could feel his face heating up way too hot, he could feel the blush spreading all the way to the tips of his ears. Cas was looking at him like he hung the fucking moon, and he didn’t deserve it. Cas smiled, clearly disappointed in Dean’s reaction. Or maybe lack of reaction. “Me flinching, being skittish… it’s not about you. I got very used to how affectionate you’ve been as of late-“ dear god, Dean didn’t think it was possible to blush
Dean made his way over to his bed and bag for his clothes, rolling his eyes. “I had to explain to him what a fucking wet dream was, Sam.” He glared angrily at his favorite flannel like it had caused all of his problems and forced the blush down on his cheeks. Even though he wasn’t look at Sam, he could
be second guessing this! Instead of wasting your time with Vera, you could be getting somewhere with Cas. Instead-“
“Maybe you shouldn’t look for a hookup then. Maybe you should try
Jack tilted his head and blinked in confusion. Dean hated how much it reminded him of Cas. "What do you mean?" Jack asked. "You planned on keeping her before."
Cas was looking impossibly attractive, wearing his cheap, dark walmart v neck and jeans, which was practically naked in Dean’s book compared to the holy tax accountant get up that he was so used to. His hair was an absolute disaster from his nap earlier, his beautiful, blue eyes happy and focused solely on Dean. Happiness was a good look on Cas, and Dean was completely overwhelmed at the realization that he was the reason it was there. Cas was an
“Is the fact that you are not wearing pants also not of import?” Cas asked in his gravelly voice. The sass in his tone was not missed.
get to all comments. Be patient with me. And based on the comments I've received, it seems you guys would rather me spend more time updating and put replies on the back burner.
Cas forced Sam back into the seat gently. “Your skull came in contact with a tree trunk. It was fractured in four separate places. There was some brain hemorrhaging and you lost a lot of blood.” Cas responded clinically. “I was able to partially heal you, but with damage like that along with the residual magic from the Tulpa, it would have been dangerous to heal you at all once, and not something I was capable of. I healed your skull and stopped the bleeding. You still have a concussion and your body is still incredibly weak from the blood loss.”
He could feel Sam’s eyes on him as he paced. He knew Sam was worried, knew his brother’s heart was in the right place. But right now, was not the time. Dean was freaking out.
“I am going to
Cas stopped, turning to look at Dean again in confusion. “That would not be a good idea. Ariel is fond of humans… but from a distance. I am much more likely to get information out of her if you’re not there.” Cas didn’t bring up how many of the angels frowned upon Dean. He didn’t need to. The conversation about it before was still seared into Dean’s mind.
Balthioul – angel with the power to thwart distress
When Sam finished his list, he put his pen down and waited patiently for the others to finish. Castiel finished moments later, his neat script only taking up a few lines. He folded his hands in his lap politely, looking over at Dean. Dean was now chewing on the pen in stress, nervously twirling the pen between his teeth. He began writing something, but then froze and looked up at Castiel. Castiel smiled at him encouragingly while Sam glanced over curiously. Dean’s other hand was on the table, curled into a fist so tight that his knuckles were white. He suddenly took the pen, violently scribbling out the thing he wrote with a thick line.
Cas pulled back, looking annoyed. “Stop trying to be quiet. I want to hear you.
“That not what I- Don’t call it- you know what? Never mind, Cas.”
with me? What the fuck.”
“Dean… can you be straight with me?”
“Everything is fine.” Eileen answered. “I was going to see if you were anywhere near Kentucky and wanted to help me out with a case.”
where the chick was like this experimental human weapon thing that had animalistic features due to her changed DNA. It would cause her to go into heat. Dean remembered that in the episode. she was insatiable sexually. He tried really hard not to think of Cas like that. sweaty and lust driven, his body trembling with need as he throws Dean up against a wall and-. Dean could feel the blood rushing to his cock and concentrated really hard on not popping a boner with Cas sitting
Dean slid into a seat at the bar, flagging down the bartender. He flashed her a charming grin, but the flirtatious act didn’t work on her at all. She ran a hand through her bright blue fauxhawk and rolled her eyes, causing her eyebrow ring to jump. “Pick your poison.” She said boredly, adjusting a skull ring on one of her fingers. Her hazel eyes glared are him from between a thick layer of eyeliner.
Seb smirked at him and sighed, his hands flat against the wall behind Dean, bracketing him. “I get it. Well, actually… I don’t. But if you want to stop, we should stop. Just let me give you my number. Maybe we can we can take these vampires down together once one of us gets a lead.” Dean nodded, reaching in his jacket to pull out his cell phone. He didn’t even remember that the background on his phone was a picture of Sam and Cas until Seb commented on it. “Friends?” He asked, saving his number and handing the phone back.
Dean froze, his eyes scanning the gentlemen’s facial features. His brown eyes were warm though alarmed. He had a faint, though well-groomed beard and beautiful, golden bronze skin. They guy was way too young for Dean to be attracted to him, but he definitely felt like he would remember someone so good looking.
He thought. “Sam and I might need help with the case.” It was total lie. This was more than likely going to be a basic salt and burn, having a fully powered angel on hand would be total overkill.
“You can’t keep doing this-“ He motioned to Dean. “-whatever this is to yourself. So, you either have to tell him, or you have to try to get over it. Because if not, you’re going to keep doing this to yourself Dean. I know you. You’re going to keep getting drunk, having this jealous tantrums every time he meets up with Ariel-“ Dean made an undignified squawk but Sam ignored him. “-and you’re going to keep wallowing in self-hatred.” Dean opened his mouth, but Sam interrupted. “Don’t try to tell me I’m wrong. Why aren’t you telling him? Because you’re too busy telling yourself you’re not good enough for him?”
“Hello, Ariel.” Castiel greeted formally, sliding in the seat across from her. She looked up at him, a curious expression on her face. He had heard that she was rather intrigued by him since he was known for always choosing humanity over Heaven. While Ariel was a loner when it came to angels, she had always had a soft spot for humans while she was in Heaven.
Castiel looked over at Dean, his too big, blue eyes shining gratefully. “You really wouldn’t mind? I… I have to admit; it would be a relief to have somewhere to occupy my time while I make the decision on Heaven.”
?” Dean felt Cas tense under him once again. “Seriously?” Dean somehow managed to swallow even though his mouth feels too dry. His mind wandered to this one episode of the show
Dean paced back and forth in the library, absentmindedly running his fingernails over the mark of Cain hard enough to leave angry red lines in their wake. The mark buzzing, the noise it was making in the back of his head was driving him crazy. Whatever Cas had done before he had
To Dean’s utter dismay, both rooms only took about 20 minutes, and that was with him taking his precious time pretending to be a rock star. He sighed, looking over his work. He decided to dump the now dirty water in the closest bathroom to avoid leaving socked footprints in the kitchen on the way to the sink.
“Dean.” Sam said critically. “This place is infested.” The worry in Sam’s voice was apparent, and Dean felt his gut twist in fear at the cold realization that what Sam was trying to tell him was that there were a lot more than the eight vampires in the room. Sam handed him a machete as he stood up straight, the both of them stepping up to Cas’ side.
. He lied his way through questionnaires until he finally started matching with people. The dates never went well… for him at least. He was intentionally avoiding blue eyes and dark hair on the app, just like he was doing at home. He pretended to be interested in shit that bored him to death and tried being a perfect gentleman with a side of smooth flirting. It charmed the pants right off nearly every person that agreed to go on a date with him. Or it would have. He could never bring himself to go home with them. That baffled Dean. He had had feelings for people in the past, but after a while, he was able to put himself out there and get laid again. Ever since he had accepted his feelings for Cas, it just felt
“I…I don’t know…” Dean stammered, still trembling. It wasn’t entirely a lie. The only other time Dean remembered having a panic attack was when he had ghost sickness and was about to die because he saw Lilith. “I was just…just lying in bed and suddenly I couldn’t breathe.” Dean felt his eyes stinging and he hated himself. He wasn’t sure if it was the embarrassment of having a panic attack over his feelings for Cas, or it was just his feelings for Cas. Everyone talked about how love could take your breath away. Dean didn’t think this is what they all meant. Before Dean could even stop himself, he wrapped his arms around Cas, pulling him in tightly. Cas didn’t even hesitate before his arms were around Dean, just as tight, just as purposeful. “Don’t tell Sam about this.” Dean said, basically against Cas neck. He really hoped he hadn’t crossed a line because this definitely wasn’t a bro hug. He was practically burying his face in Cas’ skin.
Cas glanced down at Dean momentarily, muttering the word “angel” before returning his eyes to the page his was on. Dean watched him carefully through the dark, his eyes adjusting just enough to pick up on the blue in Cas’ eyes.
They had parked a couple of blocks away because the Impala was way too loud for this quiet, abandoned countryside, and Dean didn’t want to alert the nest that hunters were coming their way. They had no idea how many vampires they were dealing with, but Dean was willing to bet that even if Seb showed up, they would all be outnumbered. Dean hadn’t heard from the other hunter in a few hours, but the last thing he had heard was that Seb was driving out to the warehouse and would meet Dean, Sam, and Cas there. As much as Dean was still suspicious of the guy, he still told him about Sam and Cas because he really didn’t want his brother or friend beheaded at some point during the night.
Dean did convince Cas to order the same combo as him, because he was a little interested in how Cas would react to the best bacon cheeseburger that Kansas had to offer.  Cas may have skipped out on ordering a few glasses of El Sol, but he enjoyed the meal. If the pleasurable groan that Cas made when he bit into his burger made Dean flush and think about dream Cas naked in his bed, well, then that was his business. Just like that he was back to avoiding Cas’ sad glances and chugging his beer a little too fast.
, what else was Cas willing to do?
“I…I felt bad. About you getting stung. And I wasn’t lying when I said honey was good for bee stings, so I brought you some.” Cas awkwardly held out the jar, only making Dean grin harder.
“I’ll probably regret saying this, but you know me…. I’m always here for the Winchesters whenever they need me.” He joked. Dean felt a goofy grin spread across his lips, He appreciated that the angel was developing a better sense of humor every time he saw him. Noticing that his hands were still on Castiel, Dean cleared his throat and let his arms drop to his sides.
Dean’s angry expression dropped to a dangerously emotionless one. “Fuck you, Cas. Do you think I want to do that shit?” He motioned aggressively to the kit. “Do you think I want to spend every night dreaming about exactly what I want, only to wake up and find out that none of it is true? Seriously, fuck you. I did this because we’re no closer to figuring out how to get rid of the mark, and I almost killed my own brother in a fucking nest of vampires. And you know damn well if things get bad enough, I wouldn’t hesitate to kill you too. I…I can’t do that. I can’t hurt the people I care about. Not again.” Castiel stood abruptly, his fists clenching and unclenching thoughtfully. He grabbed the kit off Dean’s nightstand and shoved it in his trench coat pocket. Dean was actually able to weakly swing his legs over the side of his bed when he tried to get up this time. “What are you doing?”
“Because I don’t know what to tell you Dean. If you really want my opinion, I think you need to just
two cases near the ocean when he and Sam were younger and being dragged state to state by John, but he had never seen it like this, never seen it outside of billboards and pamphlets.
“Not from what I heard.” Ariel shrugged, not unkindly. “While many angels don’t like you, I’m still neutral. No one in Heaven knows I’m working with you, and so no one had any reason to lie to me. I didn’t see her myself, but quite a few of my sources said that she’s the angel in charge again. With just you and I looking for Gabriel…It’s taking too long. If Naomi is running Heaven and we could get her to agree, she could send out an entire fleet-“
Flashing his most charming smile, Dean hopped off the table. “C’mon. One episode. Two tops. Then we can go back to researching.” Castiel relented and stood up. Dean knew Cas was right. He knew that they needed to be focused on the important things, but he also knew that Cas wasn’t going to find any answers in a book that had been read cover to cover more than once. And maybe, just maybe if Cas relaxed enough, he would tell Dean something about that damn feather.
“Okay, bitches. These is a long story and I’m only saying it once, so pay attention. When I died-“ Sam looked down guiltily. “-I woke up in Heaven. It was a pretty sweet gig at first, I’m not gonna lie. But something was missing. I was restless. It always felt like I was forgetting something. Today, it hit me. I had bought tickets to Salt Lake City Comic-Con before I died so I could meet Hermione- er, Emma Watson- and I was going to miss it because I was dead. It was a load of bologna. That’s when I got really pissed, and Heaven…it wasn’t so sweet anymore. I had been looking forward to meeting her for so long. It was all I could think about. Even though we’re totes soulmates, it’s not like she could manifest in my Heaven because she’s still down here on earth kicking it.” Charlie ran a hand through her short, bright red hair, thinking about Emma Watson dreamily. “Eventually, an angel came to my Heaven, Balthioul, I think? He said he could tell I was distressed, and that it was his job to make sure Heaven was a pleasant place for all its patrons or whatever. I went off on a rant about how he was
“Never...never mind.” Dean said, looking anywhere but at Cas as he felt his cheeks turn red. He didn’t exactly have a problem with gay people, it just wasn’t his cup of tea, regardless of the inappropriate thoughts that sometimes snaked their way into his mind. And he knew that for a fact because there was that one time… Dean shook his head. He wasn’t going to think about that right now, not with a mind reading angel in his car next to him. Even if Cas has said multiple times that he didn't listen in on people's thoughts anymore.
“A rusalka. Humans often referred to them as mermaids, sometimes even sirens.They’re aquatic, humanoid creatures, known as water nymphs. The monster has to be something aquatic, most likely nocturnal, or mostly nocturnal, based on the time of the day most of the disappearances have happened.” Cas relaxed a little bit, but there was still a stressed look hidden behind the blue of his eyes.
women. He was tall and attractive with soft green eyes, full lips, and a smattering of freckles across the bridge of his nose and cheeks that were faint enough for Cas to assume they weren’t always visible in the colder months of the year.
? A completely
“Shut the fuck up, Sam. Just… shut up.” Dean hated himself for stammering slightly. “I was having a really great dream and Cas just so happened to be the unfortunate son of a bitch that was stuck in bed with me. We talked about it and he left. Guess he had angel shit to do.”
“He’s your little brother. He’ll always need you.” Cas reassured him. Cas leaned back in his chair, getting more comfortable. Dean wanted to bring up that his bed was a lot comfier than his dinning room chairs, but he stopped himself. “This house is rather large.” Cas stated nervously. “I’m sure it gets lonely at times. Are you and your significant other planning on moving in together as well?”
Ariel looked at him sadly, her pretty features pained. “I’m sorry, but that’s the only way I know. I wasn’t ranked high enough to be told many details on the matter. All I know is that the spell must be done by an archangel, and that all of the archangels have the spell seared into their brains.”
Dean was finding the show far more interesting than Castiel, but that was usually the case when they watched something together. It wasn’t that Castiel didn’t find the things Dean had him watch interesting, it was jus that he had a hard time focusing on anything else when Dean was sitting so close to him, their knees bumping, and thighs pressed together. Dean had recently abandoned his attempts to stop their bodies from touching while they were on the couch, especially if Sam wasn’t in the room. It warmed Castiel to know that Dean was growing more comfortable with his presence. His wings shifted behind him and it drew Dean’s eyes away from the television.
Dean knew it was selfish, but there was a part of him that was jealous thinking about Sam and Eileen. There was a time when the jealousy would have stemmed from him feeling like Sam was leaving him behind, like how he felt when Sam went to Stanford. And he knew that there was always be a miserably codependent part of him that felt that way, but now it was something more. Sam and Eileen were clearly friends, but they didn’t have years of tragic, passionate friendship under their belts. This was still new. If one of them messed up, and things didn’t work out, it wouldn’t be… devastating. It wouldn’t completely turn either of their worlds upside down. They weren’t risking nearly as much, and Dean was so envious of having so little riding on their budding romance.
“It’s okay, Dean.” Castiel replied simply, turning to face the human. He watched Dean’s eyes flicker to his bare chest before forcefully returning to meet his own gaze. “I was just looking over my feathers. You preened them beautifully. This is the most impressive I’ve ever seen them.” He lifted his wings a little smugly, pride surging through him when Dean tracked the movement in awe.
Bethany lit the last candle, tucking a strand of straight, auburn hair behind her ear. She looked down at the five mismatched candles proudly, holding the lighter to the wick of the last one until it was burning powerfully. She sat down on the floor next to her two friends, crossing her legs.
“What?” Dean asked, wondering why this had come out of nowhere.
Sam snorted. “It was your idea, Dean. And it was also your idea to drink so much. What if we find a hunt in the morning? You’ll be hungover as shit.” He said, standing up.
, but Dean was able to appreciate beauty when he saw it. He let out a low whistle. “You the one that keeps her up?” He asked, noting there wasn’t a single scratch on the boat.
“Get some sleep, Sammy.” Dean muttered back. And as Dean began to slowly sink into sleep, he was suddenly incredibly grateful for Castiel. While Dean and Sam slept, the angel had offered to sit quietly in a corner of the room and research Tulpas all night so that the brothers wouldn’t have to wake up earlier than necessary to do the research themselves. He wasn’t sure if Cas had offered so that he wouldn’t be bored while they slept, or because he knew how tired they were… but it was sweet. Dean fell asleep with a little smile on his face.
“Yeah, well I had a reason to be in a good mood. I was around everyone I care about, and it wasn’t because someone died.” Dean replied bitterly. Castiel ached because of Dean’s pain. He had seen the hunter suffer countless times because of losing someone he loved, but he had taken Charlie’s death particularly hard, just like he had taken Bobby’s and Kevin’s death hard. These people were family to Dean, and Castiel knew how painful it was to lose loved ones, especially if they died by one’s own hands. While Dean may not have killed Bobby or Charlie or Kevin himself, he still believed it was his fault, and he had never known Dean to forgive himself for something like that. Dean looked at him, leaning his hip against the dinner table. “We’ve known each other for years, and I think this is the first holiday we’ve spent together.”
“I think I will just wash it tonight, Dean.” Before Dean could say anything else, Cas turned on his heel and headed for the kitchen. Dean shook his head.
“Hey!” Dean pouted. “I’m a model employee. I don’t even come into work hungover anymore. So, uh, I think you promised me pizza?”
He sighed. “Okay.” He reached for his hoodie, but Dean bit his lip and interrupted the action.
“So?! You pocket my keys or stick them down your pants or hide them or something! You don’t just throw them in the neighbor’s yard!”
. Like none of this hunter stuff had ever even happened. Like…. Like things should be.” Castiel looked at Sam sadly. The man and his brother were constant reminders that even though Castiel had sacrificed much to save the world, some had sacrificed even more. Sam returned his gaze. The memory, or vision, or near death experience, or whatever it had been, had been pleasant. But something had felt like it was missing, and Sam knew it didn’t take a rocket scientist to know that the missing piece consisted of the people in this house with him right now. Seeing Castiel’s eyes mirror how he felt, he decided to change the subject. “What’s your heaven, Cas?”
Sam sighed. “I’m gonna go use the bathroom…” he mumbled quietly, mostly to himself.
Dean cleared his throat uncomfortably, his fingers twitching again the tv remote. He refused to look at Cas, but opened and closed his mouth a few times, thinking of what to say. He finally shrugged. “I mean, Doctor Sexy… he’s a pretty good-looking guy, right?”
Dean glanced down at Cas’ hand next to his on the couch cushion between them, so close to his that it was like he felt a magnetic pull in his own fingertips to reach out and
Dean licked his lips and furrowed his eyebrows in concentration before feeling his face heat up in embarrassment. “Uh, you said that you hoped I one day loved someone as much as that guy loved his husband.”
the perv.” Sam interrupted. Dean could just imagine exactly which bitchface Sam was pulling, and it made him grin. “So, uh, I was wondering. Do you know anything about ASL?” Sam suddenly asked, his voice unsure and nervous.
“Whatever, Castiel. Don’t say I didn’t try to tell ya.” She picked up her phone again and starting thumbing away at the screen. Cas sighed and left her to it, standing to approach the two brothers. The conversation was clearly over, and Sam was going to kill Dean if he suggested one more mobster movie. It was time to intervene.
“Uh, yeah, yeah. Definitely. You can move in tonight, Cas. I can show you how to watch Netflix and everything.”
The young man behind the desk was still staring at him, unblinkingly. Dean cleared his throat and raised his eyes expectantly. “D-dean? Dean Winchester?” The guy stammered, running his fingers through his styled hair nervously.
“Dude, you’re
Castiel knew it was a terrible idea, but he shuffled closer to Dean, taking the hunter’s face in his hands. Dean’s eyes widened in panic but Castiel spoke before he could freak out. “I’m leaving
between them was two sided, that maybe, just maybe, Cas could feel the same way.
When Dean finished, Cas immediately raised his hands to rub his eyes and Dean exclaimed “No, wait!” but he was too late, and Cas smeared the eyeliner all over his top and bottom eyelids. “Actually… that’s perfect.” Dean said grinning. He was already wearing his Captain America costume, and Sam would never say it to his face, but he could actually really pull it off. He looked like he could have been casted for the role in the movies.
He thought.
Groaning at his little will power, Sam placed the pitcher of water and glass on the library table. He pushed his hair out of his face before reaching into the trashcan, relieved that he didn’t have to rummage through any trash and the only papers in the bin were the ones they had written earlier. The first balled up paper he grabbed was his own, but the second was Dean’s. He quickly scanned the list before his eyes rested on the last line. It was barely eligible with the thick lines marked through it, but Sam felt his heart sank when he finally read Dean’s messy, rushed handwriting.
“I can’t imagine that being a problem.” Cas replied sincerely.
Dean stepped forward slowly and reached his hand out slowly, his fingers trembling. The moment they reach the feathers, Dean was hit with the most indescribable feeling. It felt like tasting music and touching sunlight. It felt like hearing colors and feeling lightning strike right through him without actually hurting him. It was as if he could feel the feather on a cellular level, and it took every ounce of will not to come in his pants. Holy shit. Cas watched him nervously as his fingers flexed anxiously. “They’re incredible…touching them is like…”Dean trailed off and began running his fingers through the feathers. Dean didn’t know shit about feathers, but he could tell there was absolutely nothing wrong with the ones he was touching, but he would be damned if he said he didn’t want to touch every single feather that belonged to Cas. He watched his fingers disappear into the glossy black plumage, completely mesmerized. When he looked back at Cas his stomach fought to do a summersault and a backflip at the same time because there was such
“Dean. Don’t. I know what you’re going to say.”
“Go ahead!” He choked out. “Kill me! Because trust me, I’ll come back. And I won’t be happy.” Dean taunted. The Tulpa looked down at him curiously, its eyes drawn to the bright red mark.
Dean stood up, and Cas mimicked him. “Thank you for your time, Mrs. Brayden. We’re so sorry to hear about your loss. We’ll be in touch as soon as we know something.” Dean attempted sweetly, reaching his hand out to her. She shook his hand and he flinched and made a face, realizing her hand was wet. He wasn’t sure if it was from tears or snot, and when he looked up, Cas was smirking at him.
my car.” He looked up at the giant, sleek black car that was in the parking lot, the one that he knew belonged to Dean. “And isn’t your car even older than mine?”
“Excuse me.” Sam said to the lady running the both, trying to ignore Dean fuming next to him while he explained his frustrations to Cas. The lady perked up at a potential customer. “When did the
, doesn’t hurt? I was able to bring you back. What if Sam would have found you instead? What if neither of us would have found you before you came back as a demon?”
Dean rounded another ominous turn in the hallway, gripping his machete so tight that his knuckles turned white. It was hard being quiet, and he wasn’t even sure why he bothered when he knew from personal experience that a vampire’s senses were heightened and every single one of his quiet footsteps probably sounded like loud thudding to them. Dean freakin’ hated vampires.
“Listen.” Dean said to Olivia gruffly. “I’m flattered sweetheart, I really am. But I’m trying to do my job here, I’m not interested in a date.” Sam turned to look away from Mia at Dean so fast that his neck had a painful twinge in it. Did Dean just turn down a hot college girl that was throwing herself at him? Dean made eye contact with Cas and smiled shyly, unable to hide the slight blush on his face when he realized Cas had already been looking at him.
. Cas’ lips were chapped, which was really no surprise because they always were. Dean had done enough staring to know. But despite that, they were soft and insistent, and even though there was some clear trepidation at first, the moment Dean relaxed and leaned into the kiss, a new found confidence arose and Cas started to kiss him with purpose. Dean’s brain spluttered and coughed before it came back online and immediately started reeling, shooting off so many thoughts and anxieties that he couldn’t even begin to keep up with it.
the gift actually was. He was laughing so hard that he wasn’t expecting Cas to look over at him expectantly, waiting for him to open his own gift. Dean bit his lip nervously, looking down at the small present in his lap. He took his hand off of Cas’ shoulder to slowly begin unwrapping the package. Just like Sam’s whatever it was, was inside a white box that reminded to recycle. When he finally opened the box, he almost choked.
Castiel finished undressing and climbed into the bed, still warm from where Dean had been lying there. Dean looked at him hesitantly before plastering on an all too familiar smirk with false bravado before mumbling “Just keep your hands to yourself, alright?” Castiel fixed him with a bored expression. Dean would never admit it, but he relished in touch just as much as the next person. It gave him the same solace as it gave Cas, even if it was for different reasons. Dean’s eyes slowly scanned over Castiel’s face before snapping back to his eyes. “Night, Cas.” He mumbled softly, turning over and pulling the blankets around him tightly.
It didn’t seem to matter how many times Dean reminded himself that it was a terrible idea, his fingers continued to work their way through soft feathers. Cas had long since stopped watching the show and was practically
“Hey!” Ivan responded with a frown. “I work
“What is it, Dean?” There were a million different answers to the question, and Dean had no idea where to even begin.
is coming on tonight. Who’s watching it with me?”
“Cas? Wh-what happened?” Dean choked out, his voice hoarse.
“Ah…Dean…” Magnus chuckled, and began circling around Castiel, taking him in from all angles like a shark circling its prey. “When Crowley told me that he could get me an angel, do you know how difficult it was for me to believe that all it would take was an old voicemail left by Dean Winchester on one of Crowley’s old burner phones? Between that, and you stupidly calling Crowley yourself months ago… well, all it took then was a number you wouldn’t recognize and Crowley hitting play on the voicemail. He obviously doesn’t trust my magic much, he vanished the moment the call ended. If only he could see you now.”
The angel might still miss social cues, but Dean didn’t, and Cas obviously didn’t want to talk about his random feather. “Uh, that’s cool.” He was
that was between them. And Dean wasn’t ready for that. Not by a long shot.
“I wasn’t.” Cas replied simply, taking a seat next to him on the edge of the bed. “You prayed to me.”
Castiel nodded, and then vanished, leaving Sam swaying at the sudden absence of his grip. Dean snorted. “You know, I think I liked it better when he couldn’t do that.” He said with an eye roll.
REO Speedwagon’s ‘Back on the Road Again’ played through the Impala’s speakers, and Dean was more than relieved that he and Sam were, indeed, back on the road again. Being on another hunt after their break had been a relief, but the words from the malevolent spirit were still ringing in Dean’s ears, and he just wanted to get back to the bunker, drink some beer, watch some porn, and pass out in his own memory foam bed.
When Cas got about halfway done with his buttons, Dean had to advert his eyes. It was like looking into the fucking sun. Just seeing a few inches of the angel’s tanned skin had him squirming and breathing heavily, and he felt like a total creep. His eyes began to wander the room politely, noticing that Cas still hadn’t added anything to make the room his. It made Dean upset. If Cas wouldn’t make himself at home, Dean would do it for him. Maybe he needed to buy him some books on bees or something.
It had been incredibly easy to convince the school to give him Sam’s address. In fact, it had been so easy that it downright pissed him off. Who the hell did they think they were, just giving his brother’s address out like that? Did they not realize how dangerous that could be? He had half the mind to tell Sam about it, but then he reminded himself this was a quick in and out. He was just here to make sure Sam was okay, then he was gone and back to hoping that his brother actually remembered how to pick up a damn phone and call every once in a while.
“Well it still stung me!”
“Castiel.” Ariel said in a greeting. “You said we needed to meet immediately, but you appear just fine. What’s the emergency?”
“They’re so awesome…” Dean muttered. Castiel let out a content sigh and leaned himself closer to Dean, causing Dean to bite his lip. Castiel’s eyes were drawn to the motion, and when Dean realized it, he quickly looked anywhere but Castiel’s face. He went back to watching the show but continued to give attention to each feather his fingers could reach despite the terrible angle they were sitting at. Castiel could tell by the glassy look in Dean’s eyes that he had no interest in what he was actually watching, and his thoughts were a million miles away. He would give anything to use his grace and scan Dean’s mind to reveal what he was thinking, but he wouldn’t do that to Dean without his consent. Castiel knew how intimate this was and knew he should stop Dean. But when Dean’s fingers scratched a particularly nice spot, he just hummed happily, a spark igniting in his every atom as pure bliss surged through his body, starting at his wing tips and spreading all the way to his toes. He let head drop to Dean’s shoulder unceremoniously. They were already crossing so many intimate lines, what was one more?
Dean grabbed a hand towel from the kitchen counter to angrily start mopping up the orange juice. "Be careful. This doesn't sit right with me." Dean tried not to think, tried not to think about the fact that apparently everyone was coming back. Everyone but Cas.
When they finally arrived at the mall, Dean slid his hand along Baby, apologizing affectionately for putting her through so much on the ride. Sam rolled his eyes and Cas looked amused, and they decided to split up to go shopping for each other individually before meeting up to go shopping for the girls later. Dean smiled when he saw Cas make his way towards some new wave hippie store that sold all organic and natural products with a happy look on his face.
“Yeah, you’re right. Definitely not ‘ha ha’ funny. Nerd.” Dean replied with a smirk. Sam balled up a no longer needed news article and threw it at him, but Dean ducked easily.
Castiel thought, and nearly blurted out, but he just shook his head. “We need to find Gabriel. The Mark of Cain is affecting Dean more than we originally thought.”
Cas immediately turned to him, his eyes squinted in disdain. “Actually, yes. I do plan on naming all of them. I would ask for your help, but you would probably be too busy
Dean suddenly felt like the world’s biggest asshole. “No, don’t apologize, Cas… Jesus, fuck. I didn’t think ‘bout it like that. There’s nothing wrong with my freckles.” Castiel finally looked up at him, he big blue eyes still sad. Dean swore, he looked like a kicked puppy. “Really, thanks.” He reached out and put a hand on the angel’s shoulder and squeezed reassuringly. “I like them.” He said finally, and Cas seemed to perk up immediately.
“Who are you texting?” asked conversationally.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Everyone loves me. It’s both a blessing and a curse. Give me a second to wake up Cas and we’ll head out.”
“They look a lot better.” Dean commented. “One is still hanging a little lower than the other one. I guess that’s the one that broke? But other than that, the look so much better. They’re so beautiful, Cas.” Dean felt Cas’ shift below him, and he had a feeling Cas was being shy. “I mean it. You know… thanks. For letting me touch them, I mean. I get that it’s a pretty big deal. And I’m glad it’s me that’s doing it.”
“Dean, I do not require a room.”
, which is something I wasn’t even sure angels were capable of.” He finally met Dean’s gaze. “I may have pulled you out of hell, but in the process, you pulled me into something I can’t even begin to describe.” Dean licked his lips nervously, and raised his eyebrows at the emotionally bare angel. “I remember Sam joking asking me if I liked you more before. And I told him that I have a more profound bond with you. I now realize that it’s not that I like you more, it’s that…it’s different.” Nervousness shown in Dean’s eyes, and he had begun to fidget, pulling at the wrapper on his beer bottle. But not once did he look away from Castiel’s eyes. He didn’t think he could have if he wanted to. They were an ocean of blue, and he suddenly found himself wanting to drown there.
fucked.”
before but spending the afternoon with Cas made him realize that maybe Sam was right. Maybe he had been a little lonely. He had spent most of his life focusing on Sam. Making sure Sam had enough to eat. Getting Sam through school. Making sure Sam’s relationship worked out. Now, Sam was grown up. He had a successful career and a beautiful relationship, and he was happy. Maybe Dean needed to start taking the time to make sure he was happy too.
Castiel entered the 24-hour French bakery, perplexed by Ariel’s chosen meeting place. He found the other angel under a massive eye sore of a wall decoration shaped like the Eiffel tower with hearts coming out of it. Her bob was a little longer and wavier instead of pencil straight, and Castiel couldn’t help but huff out a small laugh at the uses she found for her restored grace. He took a seat in front of her, across from cherrywood coffee table, in a plush seat that immediately tried to swallow him, to his annoyance.
“Because the fake metal arm and leather doesn’t give it away or anything.” Sam muttered sarcastically. Dean flipped him off and went back to focusing on applying the eyeliner to Cas’ eyes.
I'm always a little bitter that Sam and Dean will never get the closure that they deserve when it comes to Charlie, and that's why I took it upon myself to write this chapter. Charlie deserved better and I was trying to fix Buckleming's bullshit while still being canon compliant. It also gave the perfect opportunity for me to nerd out about my other main fandom, and give Charlie and Sam the opportunity to be the two biggest Destiel shippers. It's what we deserve, dammit.
He approached the counter, pulling his FBI badge out in a swift, practiced movement. “I’m agent Lector.” The young man behind the desk was staring at him with wide, confused eyes. “And these are my partners, agent Graham and agent Crawford. We’re here to ask you a few questions about the disappearance of one of your residents….”
"Cas..." Dean breathed, immediately pulling him into his arms. It was too good to be true, and yet Cas was hugging him back tightly, the texture of the familiar trench coat shattering Dean's entire world. The hug was too long, too intimate to be shared between two people who were "just friends", but there hugs always were.
“We don’t really know each other-“
body numerous times in their years together, but it showing on his cheeks was inconvenient and annoying.
Bethany brought her cup to her lips and tossed her head back, downing the rest of her alcoholic drink and wincing at its strength. “Uh, apparently, we just ask Charlie if he’s there. If the point of the top pencil moves to yes, we can start asking him yes or no questions. Like a spooky eight ball, I guess.”
“It’s your turn, Dean.” Sam said softly.
He knew this wasn’t really Dean. This was an asleep, possibly even dreaming Dean. Cas went to gently crawl out of bed without waking him, but he moment he moved, Deans fingers curled around his thigh and he snuggled against Cas’ leg. Castiel sighed softly. It felt…
Dean put his hand on Cas’ shoulder reassuringly. “No, I don’t want you to leave again, Cas. Not ever. You hear me?” And maybe Dean should have said yes, maybe he should have been a dick and casted him out again. Because at least this time he was still an angel, and a part of him knew that as long as Cas was here, as long as Dean cared about him, he was in danger. Because Dean wasn’t allowed to have this, he wasn’t allowed to have simple luxuries such as friendship without someone getting hurt.
Cas turned his head to glare at him, but there was something a little hurt in his eyes. Dean didn’t apologize.
“The bartender’s name is Jeremy. Uh, well they may have switched shifts by now. If it’s a woman, that’s Julia. Just tell her I sent you out there for an inspection. She’s laid back, she won’t ask any questions.” Ricardo suggested.
. Dean hadn’t prayed in a while. His last prayer was one that Castiel had repeated in his mind over and over. “
“How long do you have?” Sam asked quietly.
Cas’ eyes widened as if he hadn’t actually thought about that question. He licked his lips thoughtfully and responded “I want to make you feel good.”
“He said…” Dean wet his dry lips. “He said that you prayed to me.”
“Hmm?” Cas asked sleepily. Dean tilted his head so that he could look up at Cas, and found that his eyes were closed and he looked peaceful.
a real job.” Dean could hear the pout in Sam’s voice and it only made him smile again. “Besides, do you know the workload I have this semester? I’m like two seconds away from throwing in the towel and coming to work for you and Bobby at the garage.”
“Sam-”
I also really miss how absolutely bratty Cas can be at times, so I'm gonna make sure to add that in as much as possible while still remaining in character.
Sam laughed so hard that he had to push his hair out of his face. He shook his head. “So, I’m not crazy for seeing it, right?”
Dean’s eyes flickered a little lower than Castiel’s eyes for moment. “I’m sure you’re probably exhausted.” He said softly. “I know I am.” He flexed his hands and Castiel looked at him sympathetically. He was sure that Dean’s hands were probably sore from the repetitive movements of helping with his wings.
“Get in the fucking car.”  Dean growled, standing up.
Brushing his hair out of his eyes, Sam said “Should we split up?”
Dean stood up, tossing a few books off of his lap. “Don’t you ‘hello, Dean’ me! How many times have we discussed this over the years? Watching people is creepy! Let me know when you’re here, don’t just watch me until I notice!”
Dean snickered at the girl’s facial expression before following Cas out the door. Cas looked at him curiously, smiling slightly. “What’s so funny?” He asked sincerely.
With his bourbon cradled in a paper bag in the passenger seat of baby, and Sam’s text about what he wanted from Sonic, Dean made his way through Walmart to the outdoor section, hoping the lines weren’t as ridiculous in that part of the store. He pulled up the list on his phone, scrolling through which flower seeds he needed to purchase and gritted his teeth, reminding himself that this was
Dean stopped the music app on his phone and squeezed his eyes shut for a moment as he tried to force the immediate and invasive thoughts of Cas from his mind. He opened his eyes again, exiting out of the music app entirely and instead, reluctantly opened the dating app Sam had installed. It was time to get over Cas.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Dean snapped, turning his head to look at Cas angrily as Cas turned to look at him.
Castiel gave her a sad smile. “Dean is not attracted to males. And while angels don’t have a gender I’m…” he gestured at his vessel.
“Son of a bitch. I am
Dean licked his lips nervously, because that sounded a hell of a lot like flirting. “Of course, Cas. But only if you’re done being grumpy towards me.”
Sam approached her slowly, hesitantly, but as soon as he was an arm’s length away, she grabbed him and pulled him into a hug surprisingly firm for her small frame. Sam hugged her back but didn’t understand. How was he touching her? How was she here?
Crowley chose to ignore her as David spoke up again. “We found her in some small town right outside of Portland. She was trying to start a coven.” An amused smile spread across David’s face. “The other local witches didn’t take her seriously.”
“Dean has been on his phone so much because he’s been using a dating app.” Sam supplied. “It’s a phone application that other singles use to meet people with similar interests.” Sam could see in his peripheral that Dean was looking at him with a mixture of both anger and panic, but he ignored him to observe Castiel’s face. The angel looked completely crest fallen for a moment before schooling his facial features.
To distract himself, he began to follow Cas’ instructions about preening, first trying to realign the feathers that were sticking out at odd angles. Cas shuddered and let out a content sound and Dean had to get in an internal argument with his dick not to take Cas’ reaction the wrong way.
Until he did.
Dean sighed and closed his book, uncrossing his legs at the ankle and taking them off the table. “South Carolina, huh?”
“Well there’s this place…” Sam clicked a picture to enlarge it. “It’s known as ‘The Devil’s Tramping Ground’. It’s a circle about forty feet all the way around, and nothing will grow there. The soil has been tested, but the PH balance seems to be fine. No one can explain it. Apparently pets, such as dogs, will struggle to get away if they’re brought near the circle, and supposedly, any objects left in the circle overnight disappear. So naturally, teenagers feel the need to get drunk and investigate-”
“An angel called for me.” Cas replied simply, not offering any further explanation. Dean rolled his eyes. That’s why he couldn’t get used to having Cas around. There would always be angels calling him away. Dean had to accept that. Cas may be his best friend, but he was still an angel. “How did your research of the Tulpa go today?” Castiel asked, no interest in further the conversation about his angelic calling.
Dean glanced at Cas shyly. “Sorry about him. That whole grumpy thing is just a show. He’s one of the nicest people I’ve ever known.”
“How would you know what ass tastes like?” Sam asked without skipping a beat.
“What do you mean? You are awake.” Cas stroked his thumbs against Dean’s cheeks, and Dean closed his eyes with a shuddering breath before opening them back up.
“Do?” Cas asked suspiciously, his fist crushing the down in his coat pocket.
this?!” She snarled, her shrill voice sounding hysterical. “Do you think I
. He missed Sam. He missed his father. He had seen things that other people couldn’t even imagine in their worst nightmares. And everything hurt. Dean collapsed against his car, every part of his body aching. Before his brain ever registered any of it, he was back behind the wheel of baby and driving. He wasn’t sure
Dean wasn’t sure when things changed. He couldn’t recall the week, or even the exact month when things shifted. But one day he realized that he was no longer just injecting the Djinn essence when the mark was acting up. He was doing it to stop panic attacks. He was doing it to get outside of his own head. He was doing it to have short glimpses of dreams where Cas was actually his. He was doing it to sleep better at night. He was doing it when he felt alone. He was doing it every day.
“We love you, Charlie.” Sam muttered honestly.
Of course, when Dean woke up the following day, Cas was gone. There was a sad, empty sort of feeling that Dean got from the realization, but at least there hadn’t been another awkward situation where he woke up dry humping him. The feeling was only matched by the frustration that he felt from admiring how attractive he thought his friend was all night. Dean had vowed to make sure he didn’t let either of those things happen again.
, filled with page after page of dark magic. We could bring him back. You and I both know his soul is around here somewhere. I’m sure he’d love to get his hands on the Winchesters’ feathered friend. I was under the impression that he had quite the zoo before Dean killed him, but I’m sure he’s never been able to collect an angel.” Rowena raised a challenging eyebrow at her son as if asking him to argue why it was a bad idea.
killed you.”
.” Cas narrowed his eyes. “I’m just not sure if she wants to spend her holiday with me. It… it will never stop being strange for her.”
Dean froze. Oh fuck. This was getting way too real, way too fast, and he was mostly sober. “Honestly, Cas… I felt like I needed a distraction.” Dean hadn’t even realized the seat to his left was taken until the guy sitting next to him joined the conversation.
“I’ve got you, Dean.” Castiel replied, his gravelly tone somehow soothing as his hands worked quickly to undo the ropes that were binding his wrists.
Castiel was in complete awe over Dean’s garden, and Dean was pretty sure he was just a little in love.
of hoping and praying, Cas was finally admitting that he didn't just love him. He was in love with him. Dean hadn't said anything. God, he wished he could take it all back. He wished he had said something, anything. But he froze up. In a matter of minutes, he learned that the person he had been in love with for years felt the same, only to for him to be ripped from him like some sort of cruel joke.
“And if he
I decided to drop out of this year's DCBB. I figured out a major plot hole in the story I was writing, and even though there was a fix for it, I felt like it was cheap and bad writing. With the deadline closing in at the time, and my mental health up and down like it always is, I decided it was better to just drop out this year and produce something I could actually be proud of next year. I've been throwing around a fic idea for a few years now and figure if I can write it in the background while working on F&F, and eventually the sequel to ISOWAK, I'll be able to get it done without any issues.
Dean was transfixed on the screen and didn’t acknowledge Cas’ comment until the screen shifted to a commercial break. “We’ve talked about this, Cas. Tv shows and movies are rarely 100% accurate. It’s not supposed to be a learning experience, it’s supposed to be entertainment.” He replied, finally taking his eyes off of the television. Castiel didn’t comment on the fact that he didn’t find an inaccurate show to be entertaining. Dean’s eyes suddenly flickered to his neck and chest. “If you’re going to have your sleeves rolled up and your tie off, you need to at least button one or two of the top buttons of your shirt. Otherwise it looks stupid. Didn’t we talk about that before your Gas-N-Sip date?”
Sam tried to make himself suddenly ridiculously interested in his own sandwich, but he caught the momentary flash of hurt in Cas’ eyes. Charlie was right. Cas was just as hopeless as Dean.
Dean froze. “Different how?”
Dean took several gulps of his coffee. “I feel a lot better today.”
a human mate?! After what you’ve done to us?!”
A fond smile crept across Ariel’s lips. “Castiel…you are the only angel that has loved humanity just as much as he did.”
Dean and Sam immediately spun around, and Dean realized with regret that the demon blade was lying uselessly near the doorway. “Magnus…” Both brothers muttered in disbelief.
Sam woke up about halfway back to the bunker. Cas was in the back seat with him, Sam’s head in his lap, as he quietly chanted in Enochian to the wounded Winchester. Even though Dean had had no idea what he had been saying the entire trip, hearing Cas’ steady, sure voice had been relaxing and he trusted that whatever Cas was saying was helping his brother.
Dean smiled even though his chest felt tight. “You really think that?”
Charlie’s face lit up and she gave him a high five. “You sly dog! Yes, exactly like that. Dean will come around soon enough.” She sighed. “Hopefully.”
“I’m going to sound like such a cliché… but if either of you are in love, don’t take it for granted. Hold on to it. And never go to sleep angry. Sean was so angry with me, and I was so angry with him that he couldn’t even sleep on the couch. I was angry as he was leaving that I accused him of staying at the inn in order to hook up with someone else… and all of this feels like it’s my fault. I can’t believe accusing him of cheating was the last thing I ever said to him…” Cyrus was standing now, his entire body shaking. Dean stood up, placing a sympathetic hand on his shoulder.
Sam slowly made his way to the map room where Dean and Cas were waiting slowly, holding his head like it was aching. “I actually think you guys should go without me.” He said, talking through his nose so it sounded like he was stuffed up the moment Dean met his eyes with concern. “I think I’m coming down with something.” He crossed his arms and rubbed his biceps like he couldn’t get warm. Cas immediately raised to fingers to his forward to heal him, but Sam jerked away. “Uh, thanks, Cas. But if you keep healing us over the smallest common colds, we’re never going to build up stronger immune systems.” Cas looked a little insulted, but Sam gave him a weak smile.
Cas looked at him like he was speaking a foreign language. Well, maybe not that because he spoke all languages. But he was definitely looking at Dean like he had said something crazy. “I’ll always come back to you.” The sincerity in his voice floored Dean.
“I almost bought this house when I first moved here.” Cas suddenly admitted, pushing his empty plate away from him. He had been incredibly impressed by the food, and Dean couldn’t be prouder.
Dean felt a little relieved. He thought that Cas had been happier too, but he also didn’t know if he had his rose-tinted glasses on when it came to the angel. It didn’t make any sense for Cas to be happier. He could have stepped in for his father, ruled all of Heaven, and yet he had chosen to stay on earth with the Winchesters every opportunity he got. Cas actively chose them
fucked up. Between Sam’s cold shoulder, and Cas suddenly on some secret James Bond mission, Dean felt alone, even if they were both at the bunker. So very alone.
“It’s very kind of you to do all of this for the people you care about.” Cas said softly, peeling potatoes while Dean checked on the turkey. He was a little irked that Dean wasn’t letting him use his grace because he claimed it wasn’t the same as “cooking with love”. But Dean was humming Ozzy Osborne and was in a great mood, so he let it pass. It also took longer, which meant more time he could spend with Dean.
you, Dean. Hundreds of times.”
Castiel finally looked back up with him, his whole body aching with want at the thought of Dean touching his wings. “No human has ever seen angel wings, only their shadow… and no human has certainly ever touched angel wings.”
The hunter inhaled deeply, trying to calm himself. He closed his eyes and breathed in and out a few times calmingly before going back to poking at the fuzz on the bed. He was still avoiding Castiel’s eyes, but he was talking, and about his feelings, nonetheless. It was a huge leap of progress for Dean. “For a while, before I realized something was wrong…I just sorta gave up. I just accepted that you were done with dealing with what a train wreck of a person I am. I lied in bed at night…just…missing you.” Dean finally met Cas’ gaze, but his eyes were panicked and flighty and he looked lie he wanted to run for the door. “I, um…” He bit his lip shyly. “I would…I would take your feather out of my nightstand and just sorta… play with it. I would stare up at the ceiling for hours, just wondering what you were doing and hoping I could make things up to you and run my fingers over the feather. I did it every night. I know that’s weird as fuck, Cas, but it was just… comforting.”
Castiel stood, his legs weak and wobbly and glanced around the room, his eyes almost immediately falling on a small protective carrying case on the nightstand. He lifted it, the zipper already opened, and inspected it. It was neatly organized with syringes, needles, and vials of swirling blue liquid. Castiel gripped the kit so tightly that his knuckles turned white and his fists shook. This is why Dean had smelled different. This was Djinn magic, and Castiel had been too mindless and foolish and helplessly in love to realize that Dean was suffering in silence and abusing evil magic to cope with the mark of Cain. Castiel’s palms began to glow blue again, feeling compelled to smite the drug kit to dust, when a raspy voice interrupted his thoughts.
“I favor the eternal Tuesday afternoon of an autistic man who drowned in a bathtub in 1953.” Caught off guard, Sam raised his eyebrows.
“I don’t know, Cas. But we’re at the beach. It’s
Cas tilted his head. "You did?"
was looking for a world outside of Cas, and he ended the date early when the realization made his heart clench and his stomach turn.
“That’s impossible.” Castiel growled immediately. “I killed her.”
It seemed as though Dean had lost complete interest in the show since his eyes had been drawn to Castiel’s wings again. He hesitantly extended a shaking hand to the closest feathers, looking at Castiel for permission. The angel’s eyes widened but he just nodded. Dean immediately began petting the feathers and running his fingers through them. The position was awkward, and Castiel had to resist the urge to drape himself over Dean’s lap on his stomach so that Dean could have access to both wings. Instead he just extended the wing so that it was draped over Dean’s lap, ridiculously jealous that it wasn’t his entire body.
Castiel’s eyes scanned the diner and immediately found Ariel. She was sitting at a booth by herself, as promised, stirring a cup of coffee. There was a blueberry muffin sitting in front of her, untouched, and Cas wondered if she ordered it to look normal or if she too was indulging in human sustenance like he had been recently. He approached her booth slowly, aware of how reluctant she was to originally meet him. He was glad he had sent out Hasdiel to speak with her once she was located because he felt like the angel’s kindness and warmth played a large role in Ariel agreeing to meet him. Even in Heaven, she had been an angel that preferred to work alone and did not spend time with the other angels often.
“Aw, a man after my own heart.” Dean said sarcastically. “Thanks, Sammy.” He added, throwing the bow off of his gift at him. He looked over to see what Cas got, only to find the angel carefully pulling at the tape on the package and unfolding the wrapping paper so that it didn’t tear. “You know, ripping into the present is half the fun.” Dean teased him.
Dean felt some of that petty annoyance he had experienced before return at full force. “Oh yeah, I’m
“If you don’t like it, then don’t look.” Dean snapped, shoving past him to the supply closet he was blocking. He ripped the door open, annoyed, and started grabbing for all the supplies he would need.
not sexy, smoldering quips. But Castiel had the patience of a nun, and somehow found Dean’s effort endearing and loved him even more for it.
Dean just stared at him, feeling his eyes widen a little. Sam had a point. It’s not like they ever got a vacation, and this was the perfect excuse to have something similar. Especially since Cas apparently needed the rest. If the mark
“What was that?” Dean said, seeing a way to change the subject and seizing it. “Did you just say I was
Cas scrunched up his nose. “But I suppose I have… preferences. I enjoy your music more than I enjoy Sam’s. He’s currently listening to a woman who keeps talking about her poker face.”
“Bye, losers.” She choked out, taking a deep breath. She looked up at the sky, still blinking tears out of her eyes. “Beam me up, Scotty.”
Sam sighed. “Yeah, you’re right. Sorry. But Eileen and I… we’re just friends right now. I haven’t crossed that line with her yet. I want the timing to be right.” Dean nodded. He could understand that. He was pretty sure the timing would never be right when it came to Cas, but it didn’t mean he couldn’t sympathize. Sam bit his lower lip uncertainly. “I do want you to meet her soon though. You would like her.” He scrunched his nose up in feigned disgust. “And for some reason, I think she might actually like you too.”
“Fucking Tulpas.” Dean groaned.
“I’m sweating like a whore in church.” He whined to Sam, the footsteps of their dress shoes echoing on the wood of the marina dock. Sam just rolled his eyes, but Cas shot him an unamused look. Dean sighed. No one appreciated how funny he was.
“We’re-“ Dean gestured to Sam and Cas. “-headed to Comic-Con and wanted to cosplay. Do you have anything left that we could use, or are you all cleared out?”
, and Dean still hadn’t finished. He slammed the laptop closed angrily, maybe his imagination would help him better than the video. He tried to imagine the scenario more intensely, imagined her tongue swirling around the head of his dick, teasing the slit. He was so close… his free hands curled into his bed sheets, imagining that it was her hair, but the dark hair in his mind was suddenly a lot shorter, a lot messier, and before he knew it, his mind was imagining Cas’ mouth wrapped around him, sucking with fervor. Before he could even process that he was jerking off to the thought of Castiel sucking his dick, he was coming, his toes curling and his back arching as he thrusted into his fist a few more times. He moaned as his hips twitched, He collapsed back onto his memory foam mattress, his lungs heaving in air and his heart pounding against his chest. A sated smile spread across his lips as his mind swam with nothing but pleasure and relief. But the brain fog from his orgasm slowly began to lift, and a cold realization hit him.
The Enochian book that Sam had gotten him for Christmas caught his eye, it’s metallic lettering on the spine catching the dim light of the room just right. It was one of the many books upon a bookshelf that Dean had installed in his room. Castiel felt a little guilty that he still hadn’t gotten around to reading it, but any time reading something not pertaining to the mark felt like time wasted to him. Sam had asked him once if he read it, but when Castiel said he had been too busy, and they locked eyes, Sam just
“Yeah.” He said softly, chugging the rest of his beer. Dean Winchester would be damned if he didn’t make it up to his feathery friend. He would force him to come down and have a few beers or something sometime. Warrior of heaven or not, Cas deserved a break just like they had, even if he did have his mojo back now.
“If I wanted to embarrass you, I got plenty of stories about you starting when you were in diapers, Dean. I’ll let you two…” he glanced back and forth between Dean and Cas. “Get back to whatever it is that you kids were doing. I’ll get this Lincoln down to the shop and have it set up for you to work on in the morning.” He reached his hand out to shake Cas’ again. “Nice to meet you, Cas.” When he walked by Dean, he shoved his shoulder playfully and muttered “Not bad, my ass.” Before climbing back up in the truck and pulling away.
“It’s Natasha.” The demon corrected.
Dean furrowed his eyebrows at him. “You’re family, Cas. You’re always welcome here, even if I don’t directly invite you.” Dean swallowed and opened his mouth like he was going to add something but stopped himself.
you, not
Cas had secretly been hoping that Dean would stay true to his word and he would run into him again, but it had been days since the interaction, and if Dean had visited the Gas-N-Sip again, it hadn’t been during Cas’ work hours. It was for the best. Cas didn’t know if Dean was sincerely interested or just a huge flirt, but he knew he wouldn’t have the willpower to say no to anything that man asked of him. He was unfairly good looking and charming, and Cas felt like god sprinkled in a little extra favoritism when he had made him.
, Dean. You refused to leave until you got Cas back. You actually take pictures of him on your phone, even though I’ve heard you say countless times that you hate pictures. You intentionally skip ahead when watching a show with him so when you actually watch it with him, you can focus more on his reaction than the actual show. You complain about him constantly, but the moment anyone else says anything about him, you fly in to defend him so fast that I almost get whiplash. And yeah, for years I tried to dismiss all of this as the fact that for the first time in your life, you actually had a friend that you could trust with everything you have. But once things started adding up, they didn’t stop. So, yeah, I
Dean shrugged. “It wasn’t that big of a deal. As soon as she did, you burned her shit, so I was fine.” Sam relaxed a little, but he was still staring at Dean. Suddenly Sam smirked, and Dean looked back at the road.
“They didn’t survive the mating ritual.” Vera replied with a toothy grin, her clawed hands reaching for Dean’s belt.
“That’s not why it was awkward.” Dean replied, shaking his head and starting the car. He saw Cas tilt his head out of the corner of his eyes.
“There.” Cas said suddenly. his eyes snapping open and pointing to a small embankment not too far away in the water. It could barely be called an island, and Sam was pretty sure that if it were high tide the “island” might disappear completely under the waves. He squinted at it, noticing the entire piece of land was taken up by rocks, and what seemed to be a cave. Cas’ fingers extended until his hand was completely open, a faint, blue light pouring from his palm, making it much easier to see, to Sam’s relief. He circled the small island until he found a sandy patch to pull the boat up to. He drove the boat right up onto the bank, not caring about the damage to the stolen boat.
They finished the small
For those of you who continue to read this fic, thank you. And as always, I hope you enjoy this chapter.
Dean filled an old coffee cup on his nightstand with the whiskey and downed it in one go. Any remnants of coffee were completely covered up by the liquor. He had done enough thinking about sexuality for one night. He wasn’t even going to think about Cas. He knew better; he knew he had to take things a step at a time if he didn’t want to freak out. His stomach was still twisting in knots at the thought of trying to accept the fact that some men turned him on, and the ‘man’ that was at the top of that list just so happened to be his angel best friend.
This wasn’t just about sexuality anymore. This was about
Cas just nodded. He stood up and grabbed the popcorn bowl from Dean’s lap, and Dean nearly jumped out of his skin when the angel’s knuckles brushed against his thigh. “I’ll clean the popcorn bowl.” Cas stated, his tone matter of fact.
body...it was different. Castiel took a deep breath in an attempt to calm himself. It would be so easy. It would be so easy to pin Dean to this bed and see which pretty, filthy noises he could pull from him. Dean was almost looking at him like he wanted him to.
“If he really cared about his saving lives, why did he stop in the middle of heart surgery to argue with Janet?” Cas asked, once again annoyed by the plot holes in the show.
“So, I’ll go find some paper and pencils. You two see if you can find a different way to the green room or see if there’s a way we can clear it out so there’s not so many guards to worry about.” Sam said, still pulling a starstruck Dean with him. He pushed Dean towards Cas, and Dean stumbled before Cas caught him. There faces were only inches apart, and Sam smirked when they just stared into each other’s eyes before Dean stood up straight, clearing his throat and avoiding Cas’ eyes. Sam sighed and went to track down the things he would need for the Charlie game.
Cas watched as the sun began to set lower and lower in the sky, casting golden light over the Winchester brothers. Dean checked the devil’s trap to make sure all the lines were solid and then stood up straight, stretching his back and tossing the now empty can at an annoyed Sam who caught it and returned it back to the plastic Walmart bag. Dean looked up, catching Cas staring, but he just smiled a little and made his way over to the Impala, leaning against the hood next to Cas.
That’s how Dean Winchester ended up at a pharmacy with his entire right eye swollen shut, standing in line with a tube of Sting Eze while Sam blew up his phone from Dean’s driveway wondering where in the hell he was.
“Kill Sam and Dean. As long as they’re alive, they’ll continue to hunt people like us. They won’t hesitate to kill me-“
“I haven’t brought up Eileen in the past ten minutes, and I already know some sign language from an ASL assignment I did at Stanford. I mean, it’s not a lot but… anyway, I was asking you where Cas is.”
, and that’s not helping confirm what it
do all those things with Cas.”
Dean awoke without an alarm or aid at 6am sharp, feeling well-rested and incredibly pleased. He hadn’t abused enough Djinn juice to have any crazy dreams, but he had definitely gotten the sedative effects and felt great. He stretched pleasantly and grinned at the realization that the Mark was completely, 100% silent for the first time since the Tulpa.
expecting Sam to try and play matchmaker.
Then, like most days in the service industry, he had to deal with an irate customer when the Gas-N-Sip was out of her favorite flavor of coffee creamer. Cas tried to gently explain to her that it wasn’t even a flavor that was available currently at their location, but the customer was adamant that she had used the flavor in her coffee before. After yelling at him and calling him incompetent for ten minutes, she then blamed him for making her late and threw her full cup of coffee on the floor before storming out. Cas just cleaned the mess with an eye roll after she left, and hoped that she kept her promise of taking her business elsewhere.
, dumbass. This was about
“Don’t worry about it, buddy. Just let me know if you need anything, okay? I’ll be right next door.” He gave Cas a gentle pat on the shoulder before heading towards the door. He hesitated in the doorway. “G’night, Cas.” He shot the angel a final smile before closing the door behind him, and tiredly trudging towards his own bedroom. He was exhausted, but he knew he was too restless to sleep because whether he wanted to admit it or not, he was
