“He has a normal metabolism, your burned through the drugs faster.” Bruce said. “His pulse is strong, his breathing is normal, he’s probably just going to sleep for a long while and then wake up with one hell of a headache.”
“Extra chocolate sauce and sprinkles.” Sam agreed.
Jane nodded, “I’ll explain to Thor later.” She said, watching as the boisterous God played catch with a fire ball that Zach had produced, only crushing it in his fists when Peter arrived home from School and immediately joined Zach in greeting Thor.
“Motherfuckers escaped!” Killian snarled, his skin growing red again, “If they’re here where the fuck is Stark?”
“Will you be able to pilot the suit while being unable to walk?”
“Doctor Curian, would you open the door please?”
“I at least won’t kill you myself.” Tony offered, “I’ll encrypt the details on wherever witness protection sends you, that’ll at least make things difficult for Ross and Stern to find you.”
“Oh God.” Sam whispered as time ticked worryingly onwards. Above them Bruce was hurrying down the path as fast as he could, while their teammates searched frantically for Tony.
“Don’t get snippy Mr or you’ll be on teenage brat monitoring duty.” Tony reprimanded the AI then looked at Steve plaintively, “Why did I agree to this?” He moaned, “I can’t handle this, it’s…..it’s multiple teenagers under our roof for more than twenty-four hours, something terrible is going to happen and then MJ and Ned’s parents will blame me and they’ll come at me with pitchforks and before you know it I’ll tied to stake and condemned for parental heresy!”
Tony stopped and raised his gauntlets. “Where is my Son?” He demanded charging the repulsors.
******
Tony sighed and leaned back against the sink. “We don’t know this Bucky, none of us. The only one that did know him is AWOL and wanted for criminal offences. Plus, I don’t think he’d be much of a help for Bucky, he would insist on finding a way to make Bucky “How is was” rather than accepting him as he is and just helping him find peace within himself and a place to call home.”
With Rhodey acting as mediator, Sam was officially recruited to the team as Falcon, and would continue to live at the Compound with Vision, travelling to the Tower several times a week for updates and planning.
Steve grinned, “Maybe later. We will have the bed to ourselves tonight.” He turned and deliberately flexed his muscles, “Hurry up, you need to have breakfast before we set off.”
The pair had to pay for what they had done, and Steve was going to make sure they did.
“What? of course I want you to, are you tripping? Have you seen you? Only a blind, demented, moron wouldn’t want to have you court them.” Tony cried, “You are hot and you are thoughtful and kind and generous, your fashion sense is terrible but as you are from the dark ages I can make allowances for that,” He ignored Steve’s indignant “Hey” and kept on talking, “You taste in music is a bit, well you need way more heavy metal and rock ‘N’ Roll in there, but it’s okay I guess. You get on with the bots, and my kids adore you, even if you are a complete sucker for Zach’s puppy eyed looks and make him pancakes far too often. You are perfect.”
“You know that place doesn’t exist anymore right?” Ned asked which set off a bickering session between the pair. Peter sat back and let them squabble, enjoying this brief moment of normality in what had become a very weird life.
“He’s going to pay!” She snarled, her eyes crimson, and magic dancing around her, “He’s going to pay for everything!” She let out another blast of magic, but Steve dropped down in front of Tony who had yet to get back onto his feet, and took the blast on his shield.
“Sir, shall I call Happy?” Jarvis asked sounding melancholy, some may say that an AI had no feelings but Tony would bet his right arm that Jarvis did.
"Enemy!" Tony squarked and was treated to a slap on the backside, which became a series of shivers when Steve began to rub his hand between his thighs.
“The worlds mightiest heroes.” Nick Fury said, observing them from his office. “Dear God give me strength.”
“Lay him down here.” One of the paramedics instructed Steve, guiding him to a stretcher where he carefully lay Peter’s limp form down.
“I’ll be okay.” Tony replied, “Rhodey will get us out.”
“We’ll have to get into the base at the Triskellian.” Maria said.
“I did my best.” Tony tried to say, but he couldn’t do it, couldn’t get the words out. His feet carried him over the scorched ground to a deep crater, he stood on the edge looking down into the void that stretched out below him, a vast gauge in the earth, all the way down to the core. He could smell the sulphur, could feel the heat of the magma on his skin, could see the earths molten core way, way beneath him.
Finally after a year of legal battles a deal had been reached and the team could return, they were all on house arrest for the next two years, they could only leave the compound grounds between the hours of 7am and 7pm, the only exceptions to this were in event of an emergency, either a personal medical emergency requiring immediate hospital treatment, or an Avengers type emergency like the battle of New York. They all also had several hundred hours of community service to complete which would be carried our during the curfew they’d been given. They also had to make public apologies for their actions, and sign the amended Sokovia accords that Tony had a personal hand in writing with the UN and various other Superheroes and representatives from various humanitarian and legal organisations so it would be fair for all involved.
“Down here, hurry!” Steve yelled not taking his eyes off Tony.
“Can you feel this too?” Steve chuckled bucking his hips up making Tony keen loudly, and shudder in such a way that it had his cock jerking of its own accord. “I don’t think I’m gonna last long baby.” He admitted, a little embarrassed that he would likely be coming after a few thrusts like a teenage boy who’d just learned what sex was, but after three months with only his own hand in the shower for company while having to keep an ear out for Zach was a long time.
“You and me, to the end of the line.”
“And what does it power?”
Tony sat on the bank watching and filming their antics, Peter and Zach splashed Steve and tried to push him over, only Peter had the strength to do so, but Steve humoured Zach and let himself be pushed under water.
“But continued to work with Hydra maintaining an alliance.” Tony said with a snort of disgust, “Honour among thieves. Or in this case genocidal maniacs.” Natasha hummed in agreement to the statement.
“Tony, we’re coming for you.” Steve said, “We’re prepping the jet right now, Rhodey is going to remote pilot the war machine armour and Friday will be remote piloting the Iron Man suite, we’re going to get you home I promise.”
Peter of course remained silent, sleeping on while his parents waited anxiously for him to come back to them.
Tony looked at him incredulous, “You think I’m sitting this out?” He scoffed, “Fuck that, Rogers. I’m coming with you. I want to know what’s going on at that camp too, so go and get some shut eye so you can be bright eyed and bushy tailed for a road trip.”
“Uh huh.” Tony agreed, making his way towards the fire escape door he’d cut through to gain access to this room, “Anything you want honey, although you and Pete will never leave the lab again.”
“You so do not.” Peter shot back, “Those bands you listen to are ancient, like dinosaur ancient.”
“These bastard things better work.” He grumbled, “Especially since I’ve to pick out my wedding suit and start fittings.” That was going to be fun, ten pounds heavier and bloated, no doubt there would be the usual amount of fat shaming stories circling the internet.
“What?” Steve asked blankly as he looked around the mostly vacant room.
Pepper and Happy had been frequent visitors to the hospital, bringing food and balloons, stuffed toys, and cards to put by Peter's bed, including Zach's card which was twice the size of the others, sparkling in glitter, and sporting the Tardis, and all the Avengers. Rhodey joined them a day later, getting leave from the Air Force to be with his pseudo Nephew. Even a man as hardened as Rhodey who had seen battle fields, seen Tony straight after his escape from the Ten Rings could not keep from crying at the sight of Peter sick and fragile in the hospital bed.
“I’m not sure.” Tony admitted. His head was throbbing and he was feeling dizzy, not to mention his arm, which was agony.
Thankfully the placenta had protected Zach and it wasn’t being passed on through the milk, but it was killing Tony, poisoning his blood.
“Dude, what’s going on?” Ned asked.
“When we get there let me get out of the car first.” Tony said, “That way I can distract the Paps and you can each take a moment to get yourselves ready.”
Steve flinched as a hand wrapped about his wrists and he looked up to see Natasha looking at him, “Don’t go there.” She said. Steve frowned not understanding what she meant, “You are planning your revenge. Don’t do it, believe me when I say that bloodshed does not bring any catharsis. Even if the worst happens Tony would not want you to destroy yourself in avenging him. He would rather you live and care for his sons than go out and commit murder in his name.”
“I’d like you to meet Agent Natasha Romanoff.” Fury said calmly letting himself into Tony’s house with a cat suit wearing Natalie Natasha whatever right behind him.
“Screw you!”
"It's Peter." Tony shakily replied, "He's been taken to hospital."
Mutely Steve did as he was told, scrubbing and drying his hands relieving Bruce so he could go and wash his hands and then start replacing the packs over Tony’s abdomen and apply pressure to slow the bleeding.
“Eagle!” Zach shouted pointing at a large bird flying over the woods.
“Yes Mom.” MJ mumbled.
“Indeed Sir.” Jarvis said, “And Captain Rogers is waiting for you in the bedroom.”
“I know.” Tony said in a falsetto voice, “And do you know how I know that? We’re connected.” He grinned and winked at the kid, “Get your butt home, I’ll call you.” With that he sped off leaving Harley to make his way back to his garage and the suit.
It seemed to have taken time, minutes at least, but in fact it was seconds at the most before he was face down on the ground and struggling to breathe.
“No, of course not.” Steve said, “And you have to inform the authorities. This is a double murder, not reporting it means that Hydra will get away with what they have done, and if you don’t report it, you could be charged with concealing the crime.”
Tony’s lips twitched, “Smart man.” He said approvingly, “What I want is a few minutes alone with Dr Curien.”
“Yes, I was married to my Tony Stark for a number of years. We have a daughter together. Lily. His daughter biologically, and mine by adoption. Our Pepper Potts surrogated for us.”
*****
Clint had gone back to his family, no one knew where Bruce was, Thor had gone back to Asgard, and Tony had gone back to New York.
It had been heart breaking when Zach had come to him, asking Steve to teach him how to fight bad guys, so that no one could hurt his Mamma anymore.
“Zach sweetheart, this is something that needs to be done.” Tony tried to explain. “Peter is grounded for a week, that’s why he’s going to be staying in his bedroom.”
“It must have been frightening for you.” The Host said, “Terrifying in fact, to be for all sense and purposes alone in an alien world.”
“There’s a hospital in Prague.” Sam said into Steve’s earpiece, “I’m bringing the jet around now, we’ll meet you at the front gate.”
The detective frowned, “That would depend on the nature of the favour.”
Peter awoke on a hard surface with bright lights right in his face. He tried to move but found his arms and legs were pinned down by metal restraints. He’d been stripped too, his uniform was gone as was his mask. All he had on was his underwear and a bandaged around his right thigh which must have been stitched up.
“Can we make caramel popcorn again?” Peter asked eagerly, “And watch the movies Mamma won’t let me see?”
“Do you have any idea how hard it is to keep from having…..embarrassing bodily functions while you are in a trunks?” Steve asked making Tony giggle, “I swear I was scared that I’d end up with a tent and never hear the end of it.”
The whole world knew Zach’s age, he would be turning four very soon and would be ready to start going to pre-school.
“We are.” Steve said, grabbing some tissues and wiping his cheek, “Have you got everything ready to go?”
Peter burst out laughing while Steve groaned and Tony snorted, “He wishes.”
“He definitely gets his subtlety from you.” He said to Tony, grinning despite Tony’s glare.
“We can go slow next time.” He panted lifting his body up and down so he could meet Steve’s thrusts and have him going deeper inside him than ever,
“Definitely doomed.” He agreed.
“Oh God, Pete!” Steve whispered, he pulled back from Natasha and spread his arms, Peter needed no further encouragement and flew into them, burying his face into Steve’s chest and clung onto him tightly. “I swear I will never leave you boys or Tony.” Steve said holding onto Peter’s slender body, “I love you all far to much to ever leave you.”
Zach stuck his tongue out at Peter who returned the favour before taking a huge bite of his burger.
“I don’t have dimples.” Tony said,
Their Steve, or Bucky’s Steve wasn’t happy about it, or so the follow up reports seemed to suggest. James wasn’t certain what to make of it, Winter couldn’t give a damn and was very vocal about that!
“You don’t have to come.” Steve said, “This is my problem, I can’t dump all this on you, it isn’t fair.”
“I tried to stop it.” Peter offered, “But he charmed Steve with his big eyes and pouting, you know they are evil and no one can resist.”
“Most things are.” Natasha replied, “I’ve managed to get some information from Shield, not much because I couldn’t stay in the servers for long without them tracking my IP, but from what I gather, Sitwell has taken command, backed by Alexander Pierce.”
“Ssss’uh.” Tony whispered one pale hand flexing in the blood that was spread out under him growing wider and deeper by the minute. “So’eee, Sss’ree.”
“And how many of these weapons would be in orbit?”
“If it is there then this may be our best chance at getting it back.” Steve said, “And either way, we need to take out that base and give that country a chance to rebuild itself.”
Peter nodded, he knew a little more than Zach did but not all of the details regarding Obadiah Stane, clearly, at some point Tony would have to explain things to Zach but at present he was too young to fully understand what Stane had done and what Tony had gone through.
Of course it was Sam, who else would it be? This was Sam’s house for heaven’s sake!
“Why’d he do it?” He asked.
“The sad thing is Clint wants to do the same.” Steve said with a mock put upon expression, “As does Thor, they are planning wheel chair and office chair derbies.”
*****
“It’s fine, all sorted.” Tony said, “Bucky will have to go to court in America and Matt will make a case for him to be found not guilty on the grounds of diminished responsibility. A which point he’ll be free to do as he pleases but until then he’ll be in our custody.”
Tony hadn’t wanted to talk about it, had wanted to pretend that the whole thing hadn’t happened, and Steve hadn’t pushed. Had let Tony have his privacy, hadn’t said a word when Tony had been crying into his pillow that night, simply wrapped himself about the smaller man and held him close, letting him cry himself out while providing comfort.
“I gived them my ‘lowence and we ‘dopted these kitties.” Zach declared happily.
“You okay?” Tony asked and rolled his eyes, “No, of course you’re not, but how are you doing?”
Stories of patients being experimented on, brutally murdered and mutilated by the Doctors, created the perfect settings for haunted buildings and the like.
“So it’s a go?” Pepper asked,
The Host nodded, “A world out of your wildest dreams?”
“Aye, we shall dine on Midgardian cuisine and drink deep of Asgardian ale.” Thor declared, “For I have no doubt that our battle shall be most worthy of song and dancing.”
Steve hadn’t dared ask for an explanation, fearing what he might be told.
New York
“Okay,” Rhodey agreed, standing still so the bots could get the armour on him.
“The interview has gone viral already.” He said, “It’s on YouTube and Facebook, it’s seriously blowing up, even the news channels have gotten hold of it and are replaying clips.”
Clint and Natasha looked at each-other, “And we’re going to be doing what?” Clint asked.
Zach bounced along the road happily while Peter walked at a sedate pace with Steve, he knew that he and Zach would be going home soon, they couldn’t stay in Prague for much longer they needed to be back at school, they hadn’t broken this news to Zach yet knowing it would upset him greatly and didn’t want to spoil the time he had with Tony by telling him too soon.
At first they didn’t speak, they just fell into each-others arms and held one another tight, letting their bodies reassure their senses that yes, they were both alive, they had come through this and it was all over with.
“I hate you and I am going to web all the coffee machines to the ceiling!” Had been Peter’s response, not at all pleased by the fact that Zach was loudly singing, “Petey’s got a girlfriend!”
“Like Christmas, but with, you know, more me.” Tony replied as he flew back up to the tower where Pepper, Happy, Peter, and Zach were waiting for him, sparkling apple cider and pizza all ready to celebrate, which was of course when shield started calling.
Sucking in his lips and running them over his teeth Tony looked at the equipment in the room, a colostomy bag, a catheter, a drip feed, and the equipment for nasal gastric feeding, nothing that could help him get the door open or make contact with the outside world.
Tony sobered a little, “You know even with the braces, when I’m not wearing them…”
Tony liked to sleep as long as possible before his bladder was screaming for release, then he would stagger to the bathroom and stagger to the nearest coffee pot.
“We’ll need space for training too, swimming pool, archery range, gun range, an obstacle course would be good, Steve and Sam will love that.”
“Do you think we’ll have this sorted in a few days?” Sam asked dubiously,
It was deathly quiet in the penthouse, everyone was just holding their breath, waiting for Tony to go on, waiting for him to tell the rest of the story.
"He was bitten by a Spider on his school trip." Natasha said making Bruce almost bite his tongue and stare at her in shock. She shrugged, "He'll only keep on asking."
“Sure.” Zach said, “But you gotta hold on tight.”
“I hope he is.” Tony said, “He’ll be better off away from his Father’s influence in the long run I think.”
“Get a sedative.” The nurse said to one of her colleagues. “And get the on call Doctor for the psych department.”
“Only if I’m hearing them too.” The knocking came again and Vision glided over to the window and drew back the blinds revealing Deadpool plastered against the glass.
Peter rolled his eyes, “I don’t think we need that for this, Ned, I’m just chasing MJ through the park, not breaking into fort knox.” He groaned when he heard Ned’s sucked in breath, “That isn’t a suggestion.”
An impish look came over Peter’s face, “I won’t tell if you don’t.”
As Steve stepped down the school erupted into cheers as everyone began clapping. The bullies and the mean kids were glancing around nervously suddenly aware of how precarious their position was and were not making eye contact with anyone.
The asset was troubled. His arm hurt, the Iron Man had shot him and taken a chunk out of it, disabled three of the fingers and caused the rest of the arm to spasm. He needed servicing, repairs had to be done, he had to return to his handler and get maintenance.
Tony looked down, his feet balancing on the edge, his body wavering back and forth in the wind,
“Rescue service, are already in route, but it seems highly unlikely that Tony Stark could have survived the attack on him home…”
“I did the drop kicking, you blasted him.” Steve corrected, “And we should do that when Peter gets out of here, take the boys to the park, have a picnic or something. Or take them camping, get away from everything for a while, just have a family holiday together.”
Natasha rose an eyebrow, “Can anyone say no to Captain America?”
While he understood this he couldn’t help but to feel bitter. His career as a surgeon was over, he would struggle now as a scientist and unless someone took pity on him he would only get a standard prosthetic not an advanced robotic limb that would be functional.
Peter gulped and avoided meeting Tony’s glare.
“J, don’t be a party pooper, leave that to the lawyers.” Tony said wrinkling his nose, “And make it two sub basements for labs.”
“Tony.” Steve leaned down and pulled the genius into an embrace, “If I can’t have a baby with you then I don’t want a baby with anyone.”
Thinking about Steve put a smile on Tony’s face and he resolutely ignored his aching back and unsettled stomach, making his way down to the kitchen for breakfast.
The new duo of Ant Man and Wasp backed up by Hulk, tackled the Chitauri that attacked, leaving Thanos to Vision, Strange, Steve and Tony.
“I have a heart condition.” Tony said, “And I would sooner take a bath in sulphuric acid than pound the pavements at Ass-o-clock in the morning!”
To keep to his quiet, simple life in Bucharest with Winter, enjoying plums and whatever tasty pastry the old Lady gave him for helping her with her shopping.
“What have we got?” The attending MD asked as paramedics wheeled in the patient.
“Am I grounded?” Peter asked, he tried to keep his tone light but there was a depressive undertone and his eyes were shadowed as he spoke.
Tony lifted his head and looked at Steve with a frown, “I was sick over myself more than once, wet myself when I had a coughing fit that was so violent I voided my bladder, and I soiled myself.” Steve admitted, “The worst time was when I had gastric flu, I was thirteen, I was laid up for weeks with it, too sick to get out of bed and I was constantly throwing up, and shitting, my Mother did her best, but the toilet was outside of our apartment, it was a shared toilet on the landing and she couldn’t always get me there in time.” Steve’s cheeks heated as he recalled those horrific days when he’d been so ill and totally dependant on his poor Mother, “The spasming in my stomach from throwing up would often trigger my bowel and more than once I lost control and my Mother had to clean me up and change the bed. In the end, to save on the mess she put newspaper under me and swaddled me in rag which could be easily washed and changed. I hated it, being put in a nappy at thirteen, soiling myself like that, but I couldn’t help it, and my Mother never held it against me or thought less of me because it wasn’t my fault.”
“And finally, after much time, the world is now so chaotic, the people so frightened, that humanity is ready to sacrifice freedom in order to feel safe.” Zola said, “Face it Captain, we won, and you failed, just as you failed your beloved friend.”
Zach was with them, he should have been at school, but he’d been temporarily suspended pending an investigation by the school board.
Steve greeted them when they got back to the hotel room. Lily was apparently asleep, and the large super soldiers looked tired and stressed and he took Tony into his arms and kissed him,
“Oscorp, you mean you getting sick?” MJ looked to Tony and Steve and then back at Peter, “Oh God, do you have cancer or hepatitis or something?” She asked, “Or rabies, did the spider give you rabies?”
“With Steve.” Tony said, managing a weak smile, “Cap took him out for ice cream. He can still be bribed with ice cream.”
“Yes, and that’s what we need to talk about,” Rogers said, “You and your obsession with this imagined threat coming from space. You reaching out to other enhanced people, putting together some kind of army, don’t you see how dangerous that is?”
“Are you kidding me?” the yell rang out around the station making officers, criminals, witnesses, and admin staff flinch as it echoed around.
Wriggling as hard as he could Zach freed himself from under Steve’s arm and crawled out of bed. He scooted down the bed and got onto the floor, making his way to the window and tugging back the curtains so he could see outside.
“Alright, keep your webs on!”
“Jar…, Friday, are there any messages?” he asked, nearly calling her Jarvis again, God he missed Jarvis. He didn’t resent Vision, was proud of what the last of Jarvis had become, but he still missed his AI.
“If it’s a girl it’ll be Natasha.” The Widow informed everyone.
“Or scare the crap out of him.” Tony said looking to Steve, “If he is alive he’ll be a very old man now, the last thing he’ll need is a load of Shield grunts beating down his door.”
“Merry Christmas.” Everyone called back, and Steve moved back from the stove to kiss him, his apron a comic Santa design.
“Noted Sir.”
As the evening drew in Clint called the team together and gestured proudly to the conglomeration of dishes he had made.
“Let me worry about that.” Tony said squeezing Peter’s hand.
“How’s this?” Steve asked keeping his hands around Tony’s waist to support him,
Tony had been feeling pretty optimistic about his condition, then the doctor delivered the gut punch that knocked all the air out of Tony’s body.
Tony waived his arms around trying and failing to sit up, looking like a turtle turned onto it’s back; between them, Steve and Thor helped him to his feet and supported the not inconsiderate weight of the Iron Man armour as Tony swayed.
“Actually we’ve got a situation,” Fury said handing Tony a file, “The Avengers initiative is being activated.”
“What? Steve! I know they are growing up fast but Peter and Zach are at least two decades away from having kids!” Tony cried, “We’ve got a long way to go before we need to worry about that.” He pushed away from Steve and picked up the tablet he’d placed on the kitchen counter, “Okay J, show me the movies Pete has selected, I want to make sure he’s not trying to get any 18 plus past me. That kid is devious as hell when he wants to be.”
Leaving Zach and Peter with Steve Tony headed to Malibu to see how Happy was doing, when he left the hospital he was cornered by the press and in a fit of temper challenged the Mandarin to face him, giving out his address and telling the man he’d leave the door open.
“I can cocoon her if you want?” Spiderman said, bouncing around energetically,
“Indeed you are very firm in your judgement.” Tony said snickering and gasping, “Stiff and unyielding.”
“Are you sure you are up for this?” Steve asked as he got out of the car with Tony at the compound, Tony looked terrible, his face ashen and his coat hanging off him as he trudged along with Steve,
“I’d like to not speak of my time in the ice much.” Steve said, “I don’t mind you mentioning it, but I don’t want to dwell on it.”
"Fuck the lot of you." Tony said still grinning and admiring his ring. "You are now not going to be brides maids or Ushers."
“Thank God.” The last thing Tony wanted was to deal with a skin outbreak from Zach.
“Shit.” Ned looked to Peter, “Do you think the investigation would have found out about it?” He asked, “Your Mamma’s investigation?”
“Were you now, and what do I get out of it?”
That would be difficult for Peter to deal with, but for Zach it would be devastating, he was such a tactile and friendly boy that to be denied contact with others to be isolated from friends would be an act of torture.
“Whore.”
“Some Jimmy Choos? It’ll take the entire seasons collection to appease her for this!”
“It’ll be a lot less painful for you.” Natasha said and the Skrull chuckled.
“But how would…why would they find a reading of it in my brain?” Tony asked, having to clear his throat as it was choked up with phlegm,
Bruce Banner’s parents.
Tony was everything he wasn’t, rich, successful, experienced, suave, charming, cultured, and stylish. Hell, he somehow made an oil stained vest, torn jeans, and three days of unwashed hair and stubble look good!
“Us three then?” Clint asked readying his bow,
You’re gonna live, you have to live, you asked me out on a date, remember? Dinner and a movie, and I expect the works, Mister. I want you to show up in a nice suit, with flowers and a box of chocolates, I want you to open doors for me and pull out my chair at the restaurant, I wanna share a fucking bowl of spaghetti with you and have out mouths meet like in Lady and the fucking Tramp!
"Hi." Tony replied slipping his hands down Steve's torso and dipping them into his shorts, "Are you up for some maneuvers?"
It took the better part of three days for the mess to be cleaned up, just in time for Tony and Steve to meet with the school boards of both Peter and Zach schools.
*****
He heard Steve call his name, felt a warm hand on his back, but he couldn’t speak, couldn’t think, all he could do was curl his hands into fists and let out an anguished scream.
“No.” Tony said which had Zach laughing outloud and even Steve chuckled.
Tony managed to blast Killian back again but was thrown across the room smacked painfully hard into the wall, his burned back erupting in fresh torrents of agony that had him fighting nausea and an urge to pass out. It was sheer determination that got him back on his feet and running for cover as Killian let loose another mouthful of fire at him.
Fury opened his mouth to speak and then thought better of it, turning to the Doctor who cleared his throat.
Sometimes it would end there and he’d wake up, other times he’d continue to dream, see his limbs freezing as the cold took hold of him, sometimes the Chitauri would tear him to pieces, taking an arm and leg each and ripping him apart, sometimes they’d toss him back through the closing portal and he would fall back to earth, his bloated body plummeting down, only the Hulk wouldn’t catch him this time, his fall wouldn’t stop until he smashed into the ground, every bone in his body shattering, every organ being shredded, his brain exploding over the street in a shower of blood.
An indeterminate length of time passed before the consultant came to the waiting room and escorted Steve and Tony to Peter's bedside. Tony let out a wail when he saw Peter in the bed, a tube down his throat, another going up his nose, IV ports in the back of his hand, and heart monitor pads on his chest. Steve couldn't hold back a choked sob himself at the sight of their son, skin flushed with fever on his cheeks and forehead, but worryingly pale elsewhere, his lips discoloured, and eyes looking shadowed and sunken.
However, his general feeling of shittyness did not pass even when Zach began to settle into a routine and could get more sleep. He had Jarvis run tests on him, and the cause was quickly discovered.
“One.”
“Hydra.” Clint said a solid presence besides Natasha.
“And you are now grounded.”
"Your loss, I look good in tights and a skirt!" This came from Clint who sounded more than a little drunk, there was also the sound of something smashing and a yhump of something heavy hitting the ground that had Tony cringing not wanting to think what it might be. He quickly made his farewells and hung up, turning his attention to the gloriously naked Supersoldier in he hotel bed. A far better thing to focus his mind on that what his crazy team mates were doing.
Who knew, maybe he had met some while he’d been sleeping.
“Well, if you agree not to run off again and not to cause anymore trouble then perhaps we can let this pass just this once.” Steve said, he knew he shouldn’t let Zach get away with misbehaving but the little boy had been deeply stressed and was going to be separated from his Mother for weeks.
*****
“Indeed,” Jarvis said, “Though not quite as terribly as last night. Now nightmares following a trauma are not unusual, in fact they are to be expected as the subconscious mind deals with what had happened, my main concern beyond Sir’s mental and emotional well being, is the witch.”
He was not jealous.
“Not the time.” Rhodey called back, “I need to stop Tony from doing something he’ll regret, like killing Romanoff and Rogers. No matter how much they might deserve it.”
*****
Zachary Stark and Peter Parker Stark will not be interviewed, questioned, harassed, or forced to participate in the making of this documentary.
Steve never got the sentence out as suddenly something heavy landed on the roof of the car caving it in and caused Tony to swerve violently, losing control of the car which spun off the road, going down the embankment before finally coming to a stop against the stone piler of the bridge.
Steve stood behind Tony, placing one hand on Tony's shoulder while the other covered Tony and Peter's entwined hands, "Come on Pete, you've got to wake up. Zach need's his big Brother, and I need my best Man."
Steve was the first out and they both raced over to the boys tent where they found Zach screaming at the tiniest lizard either of them had ever seen.
Steve made an inarticulate noise, “I’m sorry.” Tony said, “I was going to tell you, I just, I wanted…”
Bruce had even gone to the trouble of making them an Indian dessert Gulab Jamun, which appeared to be like syrup covered doughnuts to Steve, only far sweeter and more intense in flavour. He found that he couldn’t manage more than one, they were just too sweet for him, but Tony seemed to like them, as did the kids, Zach especially, although limited the amount he had, not wanting him sugar hyped.
“Shut up.” Norman snapped at him. “Where the brat is doesn’t matter, keeping my company afloat does.”
“Yeah but you’re special.” For the third time that day Steve wished he could sew his lips together. He was thankfully saved from having to awkwardly try to explain himself by Zach calling for Tony to help him win a stuffed bear from a crane machine.
“My Son.” Steve whispered. “I….Oh God Peter.”
“He’s asleep again.” Steve said into the phone. “So Miami…”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” He asked, his voice too tight and choked from his recent vomiting for him to sound accusing.
It was a large canvas oil painting and could have been likened to the Birth of Venus, only this was the Birth of Iron Man. Steve had painted the Iron Man rising up from amid the Manhattan Skyline, a magnificent sunset behind him, the reds, oranges, ambers, pinks, and violets glinting off the armour that was soaring up to the sky. The detailing was perfect, Steve had captured every curve and slope of the armour, had even made an accurate detailing of the arc reactor and the light that flared from the repulsors.
“I wish I could Stellina, but I have to go to work today.” Tony said, “So you two will stay with Happy until I’m back.”
“And Bruce and Thor.” Steve added.
The words flitted through the assets mind making him frown harder. There was something there, something lingering just beyond his grasp, something to do with the Captain and this Bucky. He just had to figure out what it was.
Zach sniffed, his lips wobbling, “Am I bad?” he asked, “If he was bad, will I be bad?”
The woman laughed and glanced down at her toddler who tugged on her jeans, “Hungwee Mommy.” She said.
“And you.” Norman snarled into his ear, “Don’t think I’ll fall on my sword to protect you and Stern. If I go down you are coming with me.”
“This isn’t like you Petey.” Steve said, “You never get violent, so what happened to trigger it, did Harry attack you or something?”
“Do something heroic. Save the world again, then everyone will forget about this and just remember that you are the heroic Captain America, and that Stark is nothing but a liar and a murderer.”
“That’s a long story.” Steve said wearily, he looked around the compound where Chitauri continued to fight, “And we still have work to do.”
Tony giggled wetly, “Every dance?”
“No scans have shown any poison sacks throughout his body so I would say no.” Bruce replied.
As well as blood loss, Peter had smoke inhalation and a gun shot wound to the thigh, his femur was broken but didn’t require surgery, it just needed setting and putting in a plaster. With his enhanced healing it would probably only take two or so weeks to heal instead of a minimum of twelve and more likely sixteen.
“The best thing you can do is help keep your brother occupied so he doesn’t start to worry.” Happy said, “He’s too young to understand this and he’ll just get upset.”
However, despite his new aversion to oats, Zach was back to normal, and for a treat Tony took him and Peter to Coney Island for the day, letting him enjoy himself at the amusement park and stuff himself on candy floss, cookies, funnel cakes, and other sugar and grease laden junk food.
“They were almost identical to those of the tesseract.” Bruce said.
Zach squirmed, his knees were hurting and so were his shoulders where the man had gripped him, he tried to wriggle free but the man was too strong as he carried him through the factory and finally tossed him down onto a metal gurney, pinning Zach down with one hand while using the other to secure straps over him.
“I slapped his face, that’s hardly an attack,” Rogers protested and snorted, “Hell, considered all the shit Stark’s done I’d say a backhand around the face is the least of what he deserves!”
Steve winced and clutched the phone tighter, “Tony, it’s Zach….he….he’s been abducted. A woman came to the tower shortly after the mandarin attacked you. She said she knew you, had information about her boss, linking him to the Mandarin. God, I was so stupid, I let her up to the penthouse and she shot me Peter with tranqs, she must have snatched Zach then, Bruce was hulked out in the secure room, there was no one to stop her. Shit!” Steve ran a hand through his hair, “Tony I am so sorry, the police have called an Amber Alert, the team are on their way back to New York, I didn’t mean to let you down, I didn’t…” Steve’s voice cracked and he broke off, biting his lip so hard it tore and bled down his chin.
His car had been found and he and Steve had been declared as missing, Pepper and SI had not made any comments to the press, but they were congregated outside the Tower, Bruce and Happy were going to keep both boys indoors and away from the news channels so they wouldn’t get upset.
Bucky’s court hearing came six months after he’d come to Tony. He pleaded not guilty to the charges of murder and terrorism on the grounds of diminished responsibility due to the extensive torture and brain washing he’d been subject to thanks to Hydra.
Having places they frequented would also help them get to know the regular people they met at certain times and it would be easier to spot an something out of the ordinary, or someone out of the ordinary.
“Oh yeah, I’m getting a wonderful load of cocktails fed to me right now.” Tony chuckled lifting his arm that had the IV in it.
“Holy shit!” Tony breathed in shocked horror, he and Steve watched as booted feet impacted on the front of the car, a figure with a metal arm coming into view. The figure was male, with shoulder length dark hair, his face concealed by a mask and his body covered in some kind of tactical suit. He stared at them, what was visible of his face completely blank and emotionless, the eyes hollow empty orbs that reflected nothing.
“Morning, how are you feeling?” Steve asked cheerfully, he was already on the mend, his injuries far less visible and no longer painful thanks to the serum; Tony envied him that.
“That deranged lunatic abducted us and forced us to fly here in a Quinjet!” Clint exclaimed pointing a finger at Deadpool, “He had Spidey at gun point and said he’d shoot him if I didn’t fly us all here!”
The realization struck Steve at the same moment and then they were moving, Tony to repair his suit, Steve to find Natasha.
“No!” Rhodey protested.
“He’s my Son, Bruce.” Tony said in a pained voice, “I need to be with him, you don’t…” He fought for breath, his throat feeling raw, “That Doctor, he cut him open, like a cadaver.”
“Ladies, gentlemen, children, and other designations. Welcome to The Avengers, ten-thousand calorie challenge, starring Clint Barton!”
Multiple Doctors and Psychiatrists testified on his behalf, as did Tony. Who had been paying for Bucky’s psychiatric treatment and rehab. Bucky had made excellent progress in the six months. It had not been easy but he had started coming out of his shell and slowly but surely regaining his memories and rebuilding his life and mental health.
“Wow. I didn’t know you and Mamma were trying.”
With his speed he was easily able to catch up with him, chasing him into an alley where he had leaped onto the walls and climbed along them, jumping down in front of the mugger and punched him in the face, breaking his nose and dazing him.
“Because out PR department have received an interesting proposition.” Pepper replied, rolling her eyes at Clint’s snorting and Tony’ snicker.
Steve Roger’s was a very patient man and he could take a lot of shit before he snapped, but dealing with Wade Wilson would test the patience of a saint, and Steve had never claimed to be a saint.
“Now Frosty has got friends!” Zach cheered happily as more pictures were taken, and Gingerbread and Espresso came out onto the balcony at last to see what all the fuss was about. Curiously they dipped their paws into the snow and shook them when they discovered that the white stuff was cold and wet, Espresso quickly lost interest and hurried back inside to find a warm place to curl up in which Gingerbread continued to explore for a while, burrowing into the snow face first as if he were a plough, until he too grew tired of being cold and wet and went back into the penthouse.
“Fuck!” Zach cheerfully repeated making Peter dissolve into laughter while Tony groaned.
“Friday, Suit!” Tony yelled, recognizing it as a portal,
It had been an aesthetic appreciation, like one looking at Botticelli’s Primavera, or the sculpture of David by Donatello. You saw the finesse, the quality, but only in a remote and untouchable way. You never imagined actually reaching out and making them real.
“I umm, I had an ablation surgery.” He whispered looking down at his feet, “They lasered my fallopian tubes.”
“Liar, it didn’t touch you!”
Tony coughed and sucked in as deep a breath as he could manage, “It was my fault Peter lost his Uncle and Aunt. It was my responsibility to make sure he was alright, I couldn’t just let him go into a care home, not after all he’d been through.”
Steve bit his bottom lip; they had wanted to keep Peter’s enhancements a secret, wanted to spare him the media attention, but he couldn’t hide it now, not when Peter’s life was hanging in the balance.
“Show off.” Sam chuckled getting into the sea a little more demurely as did Thor, the two kept close to the edge as Zach and Peter got in followed by Steve and they began to swim around the cove, with Natasha, Sam, Thor, and even Steve diving off the rocks closer to the bottom.
“No.”
“Tony Man.” Rhodey murmured in caution.
Fearing the worst, that he’d soiled himself, Tony looked down and the colour drained from his face when he saw that he was splattered in gunky bloody fluid.
Bruce look up from his scientific journal which he had been buried in until now, “Not too much junk food, your Mamma will kill us if we don’t send you back to him healthy.”
When morning came Steve awoke first, which wasn’t unusual since he required much less sleep than Tony. However, what was different was that he was wrapped right around the Omega, their legs tangled and Tony’s head was tucked under Steve’s chin, he was laying on Steve’s left arm and Steve’s right arm was wrapped about his waist hugging him close.
“I’m really not.” Steve said, rubbing the back of his neck, his cheeks a darker red now, “And if you think that, then why push me away?”
As carefully as they could they got Tony onboard the jet and moved to secure the stretcher to a gurney.
“Can he produce venom?” Clint asked looking to Bruce, “Some Spiders are venomous.”
Peter nodded and bit his bottom lip, “When I’m not grounded anymore and can go back to school, can I tell Ned and MJ what’s happened. I know we need to keep it secret because of Hydra and the Press and everything, but they won’t tell anyone and I don’t want to lie to them.”
“Followings not really my style.”
“No!” Zach raged, he could feel a heat building up inside him, it felt like the fire inside him was going to erupt like a volcano. As he looked at his fists he saw them glowing with heat and saw the wires nearest to him spark. “Jarvis take me back to Mamma.” He said with increased determination, “Override code Delta57298Fotxtrott372Omega.”
“Well he was sent to kill us and failed to do so, I would think that mission still stands.” Tony said. “And he’ll probably be present at the hellicarriers when they launch, Hydra would likely have their best on the ground to secure the area.”
Both Steve and Tony were silent considering this, “So what was the endgame?” Tony asked, “Ross wasn’t just going to build himself a super human army and leave it at that, what is his plan?”
“Maybe he needs some time.” Tony offered by way of explanation, “He’s probably very confused and needs some time and space to get his head together, instead of looking for him, maybe we should give him that time, let him come to us when he’s ready.” He huffed a small laugh, “Its not like we’ll be hard to find, the entire world knows where the Avengers are.”
“He certainly is a remarkable boy.” The host agreed, “To risk himself for others at such an early age, and little Zach’s kindness to animals is something that will resonate with all animal lovers I am sure.” He looked to the camera and smiled, “As we draw this to a close, I hope that people watching this will give deeper thought to assumptions they may have made regarding Peter and Zach and their enhancements, and that life for this family can get back to normal with Peter quickly and fully recovering soon. Steve, Captain America, it has been a pleasure.”
Steve grinned and glanced over his shoulder, “Natasha, will you spar with me?”
“Will they take us away?” Zach asked, his eyes huge with worry, “Some kids at school got taked ‘way by Social servives ‘cuz their Mom was doing drugs with her boyfriend.” He looked up at Steve worriedly, “I won’t go!” He said, “Don’t wanna, won’t let ‘em taked me.”
Steve grinned down at the impossibly cute little Pup, “It’s just Steve.” He said wrapping his arms about Zach so he was holding him close as he rose to his feet, “Pancakes then.”
“In normal households people just ask for things, in this one, where Tony Stark is in residence, a full court has to be held, with A seven-year-old as a witness, a cranky Russian Spy as a prosecutor, a defrosted super soldier as a defender, and a deranged Billionaire as judge.” Clint said into the camera.
“Can you manage to stun one of them while Nat and I deal with the other two?” Steve asked, his head down looking like he was studying the display before them.
“It’d probably be a good idea.” Tony said. Nodding Steve got up from the table and dialled Natasha’s mobile number, the phone that Tony had given her and all the avengers, not her Shield issued phone.
“It’s a good job we’ll be flying back, I don’t think we could get into the tower from the street.” Peter laughed, “The Fantastic four even sent you a get well present.” He pulled up the image of four stuffed bears in stupid costumes that were meant to represent the fantastic four. The Thing bear was in some kind of bumpy spray painted bubble wrap, the Mr Fantastic was wrapped in elastic, Invisible Woman was in a see through dress, and the Human Torch was in a bright red suit with orange flames decorating the arms and legs.
“Oh, don’t be pouty, Iron Buns. Dopinder might be my snuggle bunny, but you are the Hot to my Dog! And together, you’ll be the cookie, and I’ll make plenty of cream!”
******
Tony looked at Steve over Deadpool’s shoulder, a pointed look on his face. Clearly he was still blaming Steve for all of Deadpool’s behaviour.
“What?” Tony demanded, “You won’t cook meat, you won’t cook eggs, and you can’t toast things. What could you possibly contribute to this breakfast?”
Sniffing Peter nodded, “What about the court case?” He asked.
“I’d like that,” Tony said managing a tremulous smile,
Once the stylist was finished Pepper gave him another once over and hustled him out to the car where Happy was waiting and got in herself.
“Does anyone remember how to say please?” FRIDAY sniped,
“And ice cream, nothing is as important as the ice cream.”
Tony smiled, cupping Peter’s cheek, “I won’t lie to you and say that I’ll never leave, because we both know that one day my time will come, but I will say that I will do anything and everything I can to stay by your side for as long as possible.”
“Very good Captain.” Jarvis agreed.
“Talk to me.” Steve said, placing his other hand over Tony’s and keeping the other firmly wrapped about the cast so Tony couldn’t pull away, “Please?”
“Fascinating.” Tony drawled, “Now where the fuck is my Son?”
“Tony Stark cannot be held accountable for the actions of others. He didn’t force these people to experiment on his children, he didn’t bring them into his children’s lives, he has simply had to deal with the consequences of their having done so.” Congressman Reynolds said.
“I think so.” Tony said, he wasn’t looking forward to drinking instant coffee on this trip, but it was all they had so he’d have to put up with it or go without. He took Peter and Zach’s rucksacks from the car and set them up in their tent, snorting as he opened them and found that both contained a large supply of chocolate bars, crisps, and other snacks.
“Oh Steve, please,” Steve said, giving the android a friendly smile. At least one person seemed similar to how they had been in his world.
“He has suffered serious internal trauma due to the bullet,” The consultant went on, “It appears that the electromagnet in his chest altered the trajectory of the bullet, so instead of going in a straight line through his body it arched up and cut through his gallbladder, stomach, and spleen as it exited his body. The damage to his stomach and gallbladder were repairable, and we have removed his spleen which had stopped the bleeding.”
“Yes you do.” Steve said, “And work on controlling your temper. You’ve got super strength now, most Teenagers can lash out without causing much damage, you no longer have that luxury, so you’ll need to control yourself far more than others.”
Prague
“That’s what I’m hoping.” Tony said, “Peter is great with him, as are you, Rhodey, Pepper; he has plenty of social interaction, but he needs friends his own age as well and I want him to start making them.”
The first time he saw a rape taking place he vomited, not even having the time to get his mask off his face before his stomach had voided itself. Sick and with tears in his eyes he had pulled the rapist off the woman he was attacking and given the bastard the kicking he deserved, Natasha’s moves coming in very handy before he tied him up.
“Everything,” Christine replied, “Having a daughter, technically speaking.”
He’d caught his breath by the time the lift reached the third floor and he walked steadily to his Mamma’s room and went right in, finding his Mamma talking with Jarvis and working on something on a tablet.
“Hydra are a terrorist organization…” Happy began but Peter cut him off.
All of the team crowded into the lab to watch as Peter and Zach blew up the volcano they had built. It was an impressive eruption, the side of the volcano blew out in a pyroclastic explosion creating a crater in the side of Mt Stark which oozed out the lava they had filled it with, splattering against the protective glass shield the volcano was sat behind. The material that had been blown out crashed down into the water they had surrounding the volcano creating a tsunami which then decimated the miniature town they had built opposite the volcano. Simulating the eruption of Krakatoa.
“They are lining up.” Thor observed,
“Shit!”
Happy rushed him to the hospital, running red lights and swearing at anyone who got in his way, panicking that he’d have to deliver the baby himself if he didn’t get Tony into the hospital in time. Not that he need have worried, Tony’s labour went on for another fifteen hours, giving Pepper and Rhodey enough time to make it to his side.
“Later.” Tony moaned, dragging himself up from the floor and tried to get back into bed, but Zach was having none of that and jumped from Steve, scrambling over Peter who complained about the bruises little feet were leaving, and leaped on Tony.
Understanding came over Peter, “Stane hurt him.” He said, “I know that much.”
The last thing that Steve and Tony expected was to get a phone call from Peter’s school asking them to come and collect Peter who was being suspended for a week for fighting and they would be called in to discuss further measures after they had spoken to Harry Osborn’s parents.
“C’mon you are not getting out of at least one dance with me.” Tony insisted, taking Steve’s hand and dragging him to the dance floor where other couples were dancing.
“Jarvis, do you have the data from the base, and any information on what happened there?” Sam asked the now physical AI.
“Already added Sir.”
He brushed his teeth, ran a brush through his hair and got into his pyjamas, getting under the bed covers and said goodnight to Tony and Steve when they came and kissed him goodnight. Some people might think that his age he was too old for a kiss goodnight, but Peter liked it, it made him feel warm and safe.
******
“I’ll help!” Matt grunted wondering how the hell Deadpool knew who he was and really wished that the lunatic’s enhancements had cost him his tongue!
The kittens apparently agreed as Espresso joined Gingerbread in clawing up the offending pages.
Tony looked at Steve with a risen eyebrow, “He’s doing this really, you are actually letting him do this really?”
Clint Barton, Hawkeye.
“Quite.” The woman said, taking Robbie’s hand, “It was very nice meeting you Captain.”
Tony had already briefed him on the situation before he had come over so everyone was already in the loop.
“Hi sweetie.” Pepper greeted, “Let’s go and get some breakfast shall we?” She said with a bright smile, “Your Mamma, Daddy, and Peter aren’t here right now, I’ll explain why to you over pancakes, alright?”
“Bite me!” Peter muttered, sweeping the flour up.
“You go onto sleep then.” Tony said, “And I’ll be with you as soon as possible.”
By the time they reached the hospital Zach was falling asleep and quickly succumbed to sleep as soon as he was settled onto the bunk snuggled against Steve’s chest.
Bucky was the first to awake the following morning. He felt warm and content, a feeling that he had not experienced in far too long. The soreness in his muscles and feet were gone, the serum having healed him over night. Yawning, he stretched and blinked open his eyes expecting to see his dingy apartment in Bucharest, only to find himself in Stark’s Luxurious hotel room, curled up in an arm chair, with Stark asleep on the sofa over a giant version of his one time friend, and a couple of other men asleep on the sofa around him.
“I’m sure.” Tony said, “Thank you though.”
Finishing the last of the security updates, Tony rose from his seat, taking his cup to go and get a coffee, not trusting Dumm-E, Butterfingers, or YOU to get him one, he wanted to drink it, not use it to grease engine parts!
"Tony!"
Steve was eager to get his hands on them, to make them pay for that they had done to Tony. Yes he was recovering, he was progressing and wasn’t letting his injury defeat him but that wasn’t the point.
“Hot rod red.” Tony corrected indignantly, “And yes, there is only room for one drama queen on this team and I’m calling dibs, so tough look Spangles, you’ll have to be less shiny.”
Peter found several bushes with colourful berries upon them but was advised not to attempt to eat them as Bruce wasn’t sure if they were safe for consumption by humans.
“Some are.” Sam said resignedly, “People like Senator Stern and General Ross.”
Around him sparks were flying and smoke was billowing from the destroyed entrance and guards were running, as were men and women in lab coats and coveralls. Several guards gathered where the foyer widened out into an open plan floor space with two corridors leading left and right and a broad staircase that led up to higher floors.
Eye patch man snorted, “You’ll have no choice Stark.” He said, “As soon as it is out of you we are leaving this place, you’ll then be put to work on our tech while this little one is monitored.” He patted Tony’s straining belly making the Omega snarl.
He’d also had dreams about Obie ripping out the arc reactor, relived those horrific moments over and over again. Had even dreamed of times where he’d lost the last fight with Obie and the Alpha had gone on to attack Pepper, Rhodey, had subjected the world to terror with no one able to challenge him.
Slowly Tony climbed onto the mattress and lay himself down, starting in surprise when Steve actually tucked him in, “Go to sleep,” Steve said, stroking a hand over Tony’s brow, “We can talk after you’ve slept.”
Zach for once relented on his pancake argument but only because Bruce had cooked up banana and oatmeal muffins for breakfast instead of his beloved pancakes.
“You could have saved us, why didn’t you save us?”
“No Stark, I was worried for Rogers.” Fury replied, “For some reason he likes you and would be deeply hurt by your loss, where I would be celebrating.”
“Murderer, murderer, murderer!”
Steve shrugged, “I guess I’ll be sleeping on the streets then. Because I’d rather be homeless than work for people who’d condemn half a country without even trying to save them.”
“By that he means he grabbed me off the side of a building and dragged me here under duress.” Spiderman put in,
“Oh my God is he going to kill Deadpool? Can Deadpool die? He can’t can he? But he’ll make a big mess on the pavement when he splats there!” Spider Man babbled as he and Steve hurried after them,
Tony leaped away from Wade as if he’d been stung, and glared at the Merc. Crossing his arms over his chest in an effort to retain some modesty, poor Peter was looking everywhere but at him, his cheeks flushed and teenage embarrassment obviously making the situation uncomfortable for him.
“Can I be mutated and be an Avenger too?”
Pepper scoffed, “Please, I’d be banging arguing spouses heads together in ten minutes flat!” Tony snickered and looked around.
He had to be perfect, to have the perfection that only one man Howard had even known, had been.
Tony’s breath caught in his throat as he gazed into rich royal blue eyes that held not a single lie within them. Steve was being honest in his intentions, he was not looking to just buy Tony with pretty words, have his way and depart before dawn, he really did want more than a tumble beneath the bed sheets.
Peter buried his face into Tony’s neck, breathing in his familiar and relaxing scent while he let himself cry. He felt the bed dip as Steve sat upon it and wrapped his arms about him from behind adding to the hug.
Steve’s eyes widened, “Oh my God!”
Narrowing his eyes, Steve did so and saw what Tony meant. Sceptre Steve, while mostly identical to him did have some differences. He was older, the frown lines, expression lines, and smile lines were all deeper, there was even a few strands of grey in his hair where Steve had none.
The three men turned and saw Wanda Maximoff standing at the bottom of the steps, flanked by Rogers and Natasha, all of them in uniform and armed. Rogers stepped forward and roared at Tony,
“And that’s why no one argues with Natasha.” Clint said.
“Does Pizza count as a good dinner?”
“What happened to Peter, he was fine when we left.” Steve asked, rising from the bed and doing much the same as Tony in grabbing the first item of clothing available.
Shit.
Tony put an arm around Harley’s shoulder and beamed at him before turning to the school kids who were all whispering to one another to see if anyone one of them knew why one of the schools losers was being treated like this.
Pregnant.
“I… am fond of you too.” Vision stammered and would have blushed were he able, but Tony was already having Friday bring up the schematics for the compound and having her help brainstorm ideas to turn the entire estate into a battle ground ready for Thanos,
“And auntie Pepper will make peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for school.” Peter said, “And I’ll bet she’ll let you stay up a little late to watch Doctor Who episodes.”
“Do that,” Rhodey said. He pressed the mechanism to open the suit and stepped out, “Now, how do you guys feel about getting pizza?”
He changed Zach out of his damp clothing and into an oversized t-shirt that belonged to Bruce and lay Zach down on one of the bunks. He swiftly changed out of his suit and into a clean pair of sweats and a t-shirt settling in besides Zach and held the little boy to his chest letting him sleep while the hours dragged on for himself.
Tony stuck his tongue out and pouted, ordering Peter to stuff his face with pizza and not make any snarky comments. Since doing a deal with Shield, Tony had seen Coulson a few times, he’d come by to let Tony know that the Justin Hammer situation was taken care of, before the death had hit the news. Fury had Tony deal with Ross when he was harassing the Hulk, and Phil had also been by a few times just to see how Tony and the boys were doing. It had soon been discovered that Phil had a soft spot for children and had been enlisted for baby sitting three times, as he’d said, while Tony had handled Ross, and the other two times when Tony had been finishing up deadlines in the lab.
“See what baby?” Steve asked kissing Tony’s damp hair, Tony shook his head,
“I cannot break a confidence with Sir.” Jarvis replied sounding apologetic. “I can however say there is no point in looking for anything incriminating in your shared bathroom.”
“Where is he, I can’t find him!” Natasha shouted as she surfaced again, panting from lack of air.
“Don’t even try it, Rogers. I saw the fucking tape of the Winter Soldier murdering the Starks. I saw all of it. You are a heartless and spineless bastard for keeping the truth from him.” He glanced at Natasha, his top lip curling back in disgust.
“Looking good Cap.” Natasha said, “I’ll give this for Stark, he has excellent taste in both clothing and Alphas.”
“He is.” Steve said, “Along with Luke Cage, Jessica Jones, and Iron Fist.”
“No.” Steve chocked out as tears began to spill down his cheeks, “You don’t be sorry, you don’t need to be sorry. You’re going to be fine, you’re getting out of here and we’ll take you to a hospital and it’ll be fine.” He tightened his grip on Tony’s hand as if he could prevent death from taking Tony away simply by gripping onto him.
"You and me both." Tony said pulling his knees up to his chest, he rested his head on his knees and looked at Steve from under his lashes, "I'm sorry." He murmued, "It won't happen again, it can't happen again. I have to get this shit sorted out for good."
“Strucker’s technology is beyond any other Hydra base, as are the weapons.”
The question took Steve slightly by surprise, and he turned, seeing Tony, half awake, yawning, and scratching his head. It was an adorable sight that struck a pang in Steve, as he recalled similar occasions with his Tony, the Tony who was gone now, lost to him, along with the rest of his world.
Sighing he punched Steve’s number into the phone his heart feeling lightened when the Alpha answered.
“Pete.” Tony cautioned not really wanting to use guilt to get Zach to do something.
“Witnesses, survivors? Anything else Jay?”
He didn’t remember where he was when he first opened his eyes, then the events of the following day came back to him.
“Tony, I am so sorry.” Clint said, getting to his feet, shame faced and head hanging low. “I thought it would be fun. I never meant to hurt you.”
He bid a silent and sorrowful farewell to the old lady and her pastries as he fled into the night, leaping off a roof and landing on the back of a lorry to get out of the city. By luck the Lorry was making a delivery in Hungry, so Bucky hid himself in the hold, among the canned goods and waited out the long drive out of Romania.
“Hey!” Steve said a happy grin spreading over his face, “You gonna come in?” He asked hopefully.
“So am I.” Steve breathed feeling tears prickling at his eyes, “I’ll see you soon.”
“Jarvis, what are the kids doing right now?” He asked.
This did get the attention of both Avengers as Curien knew it would. “I haven’t proof of their collusion, but do you honestly think Norman Osborn, a man who trusted Justin Hammer to provide him with security for an illegal laboratory is smart enough to have thought up all of this?”
“If we can put aside our team mates bedroom activities, can we get onto talking about why we’re here?” Bruce asked. He had an experiment back in his lab that he wanted to get back to. He was in one of his flustered and preoccupied states, where he had an ink smudge on his cheek, his shirt untucked, a couple of buttons done up in the wrong holes, and his hair was sticking up all over the place.
In truth Curien wasn’t surprised, he’d known the damage was bad, he’d not received the best treatment going to a free clinic and only getting a basic patch up when he’d needed surgery right away, having also been hit by a car and sent rolling down the road it was little wonder the damaged has been exacerbated.
“Not now Jay.” Tony grunted, struggling to remain coherent as Steve seemed to be fucking his brains right out of him. Steve was beneath him, had Tony shoved up against his wardrobe, Tony’s legs thrown over his shoulders and was testing the flexibility of Tony’s body as he thrust into him.
Natasha surfaced gasping for air and promptly dove back under, Steve doing the same a few moments later.
“The bars and pubs that we went to on our downtime during the war,” Steve replied, “And Tony, my Tony gave me a few pointers. I take it your Steve didn’t dance with you?”
“Yep, s’in my backpack.” Zach proudly pointed to his Iron Man backpack which was stuffed with toys, books, and other items to keep him occupied.
With their business complete they headed back to New York to start getting the planet ready for war, begin Bucky’s therapy, and prepare for Rogers and Natasha’s trials.
“Are you worried about Peter?” Steve asked, kneeling on the bed behind Tony and began to rub his shoulders and neck.
“I was so focused on us making a baby that I didn’t pay enough attention to what was going on with Pete.” Tony said, “If I had been then this wouldn’t have happened.”
“We can set up a press conference for the morning,” Pepper said, watching Tony’s interaction with Lily with a wistful look on her face that she was trying to hide. Clearly she and Tony had ended their relationship like his Tony and Pepper had, but unlike in his world, this Pepper had not had a baby, was not in a new relationship, and seeing Tony being so good with Lily was likely making her nostalgic for him and the life they might have had.
Thor Odinson, Prince of Asgard, God of Thunder and Fertility.
“You’d better contact your friend too.” Maria said to Steve handing him a phone, “Don’t worry, it’s untraceable, no one will be listening in.”
Fury rose an eyebrow at Tony, “Just like that, no small talk, no smartass comments? What’s the matter Stark, has Rogers finally tamed you?”
“How is he?” Tony asked hugging Steve as best he could from the chair.
“Don wan go.” Tony whimpered, he sounded like he was crying, or wanted to cry but didn’t have enough energy or strength to actually do so.
The amount of blood the Winter Soldier, that Bucky had left in his wake devastated Steve. The amount of people that had suffered because of his failure to save his friend, if only he’d been faster, if only he’d been able to reach Bucky’s hand then none of this would have happened.
“And Ice cream!” Zach chirruped.
He’d never cried over Stane, but then he’d never loved Stane, and he’d not been taking hormones to increase his ovulation. Stupid hormones, they were turning him into a blubbering mess. Soon he’d be curled up on a sofa in his dressing gown watching soap operas stuffing chocolate or ice cream down his throat while crying over shitty storylines.
“Later.” Steve said getting out the tents and setting them on the ground.
“Thanks,” Tony said, getting to his feet, he waved off Steve saying he’d help bring the stuff in, telling him to concentrate on feeding Lily. As he headed down in the lift, he thought about the look of loss and grief on this new Steve’s face. The poor man had clearly lost everything. Tony didn’t know what had happened in his reality, but he could guess it was nothing good, the least he could do for this poor man was to offer him a home for himself and his daughter, their daughter.
“Tony’s not here right now can I take a message. This is his fiancé speaking.” Steve replied.
“You went on the Dark Web?” Ned asked his eyes huge.
He stared down at the water, at the blood in the water. His partners blood, his fiancé’s blood. It felt almost disrespectful to be washing it off his body like this, as if he were trying to erase some part of him, he almost felt guilty for wanting the blood to be gone, to want to wash it all away and be clean again.
“I know we now live in a time when slapping a child on the backside is considered wrong, but there is a difference between abuse and discipline!”
“Sir, yes Sir!” Tony mock saluted, heading up to where the small stage had been set up to give his speech. As he stood up there in front of the microphone he found his gaze constantly moving to Steve, who was staring at him, a smile on his face, laughing at every joke and clapping with the crowd as Tony spoke. Steve’s attention and support had a warm feeling spreading through Tony’s belly. On the few occasions the Avengers and he had gone to Gala’s and he’d had to make a speech, Rogers had never given him such supportive looks, or been genuinely amused by his jokes. It was as different and as nice as having Steve supporting him down the Red Carpet, it made Tony feel safe and protected, something he hadn’t felt in as long as he could remember.
“Hey Bucky, you in there?” Stark called, “I don’t want to hurry you if you’re taking a bath or whatever, but… well I really need to pee and Lily really needs a nappy change, so… yeah,”
“So you actually think so little of me that you assume I’d go elsewhere?” He spat, his pride stung, “Just because you’re not in your twenties, just because you can’t immediately fall pregnant, you really think I am so shallow, so callous that I would cheat on you with a younger model?”
“I thought he was dead.” Steve whispered, “Everyone did. The fall, it was so far, there was no way,” he gazed at Tony pleading for something, reassurance, hope, comfort, something to ground him and keep him from spinning out of control. “He can’t have survived, that fall would have shattered every bone in his body.”
Rhodey turned a frown on his face just before the visor closed and he took off into the air, flying to the centre of the base where he began to remove the slabs of concrete, the beams, the sheets of metal.
“You are planning on leaving then?” Vision said, changing the subject, Sam shrugged again,
“Steve…”
Steve beamed and put on a show of pride for Zach and Peter while praising their hard work in making the raft.
"Appendix, and no." Bruce said his lips lifting slightly into a smile.
“She’s a kid and Hydra lied to her!” Rogers argued,
“Completely evil.” Happy agreed, tickling Zach’s sides as he went to get his own seat and breakfast.
“Tell me where Bucky is?” Rogers roared at him, punctuating each word with a punch to Steve’s face. Steve spat blood from his split lips at the other super soldier,
“The kid broke in, we caught him there.”
An adorable little girl who’d been in a wheel chair since she’d been run over as a toddler sent a message to Tony, promising him that he’d be alright and he’d soon be having fun even through he would be in a chair. The bravery of the child melted Steve’s heart, she had suffered so much, almost being killed by a drunk driver who’d not even bothered to stop after hitting her, yet she was so bright and positive, wasn’t letting being in a chair hold her back at all.
The Avengers reactions to that bit of news was not one of alarm, “I’ll help him hide the bodies.” Natasha said.
“Fine.” Tony sighed, his cheeks flushing and he scowled at his useless legs, well at least he’d got them separated even though it looked more like an inelegant sprawl rather than a come hither pose.
Wiping his cheeks Peter stood back so Steve could say goodbye, but first he gently pried Zach away from his chest, “Do you want to say goodnight to your Mamma?” Steve asked the little boy.
“Where is he right now?” Pepper asked.
“Shit, Pete man, stop, you’re gonna kill him.” Ned cried anxiously.
“Good.” Steve said glancing to Tony who was laughing at Peter’s disappointed expression and Zach’s happy grin, “He’s still getting nightmares.” He said lowly, “I won’t talk about them but they are haunting him as if whatever he went through in that lab. I want it stopped as soon as possible and I want the Maximoff’s found.”
Determined to make up for his mistake that day he set about cooking up a storm while the Stark/Rogers family rested, Natasha sunbathed, and Bruce read, and Thor and Sam played volley ball on the beach.
“Uh huh.”
The Plaza had done them proud with the decoration of the reception room. It was decked out in the Rainbow colours of LGBTQA, but done tastefully and elegantly, rather than looking gaudy or tacky as was always a risk when mixing bright and primary colours.
“Hey there was a movie set in a campsite where a killer was going around cutting people’s faces off.” Peter offered up, “I watched it with MJ and Ned.”
“Mamma, mamma, mamma!” Zach’s yelling preceded him bursting into the dining room and throwing himself at Tony. This startled Steve out of his thoughts of Bucky rejecting him and instead brought a pang to him as he saw Zach climb into Tony’s lap grinning at him, with huge chocolate brown eyes and wild black curls. He thought about the plans he’d secretly made in regards to Peggy after the War, how he’d work up the courage to ask her out, eventually propose, and then they’d settle somewhere and have a couple of kids together, sweet little ones, full of mischief and with bright eyes huge smiles, just like Zach.
Tony bit his bottom lip, he didn’t want to relive his nightmares by telling Steve, didn’t want to give voice to the horror’s he’d seen almost every night since Sokovia, he wanted to bury those memories in the back of his mind and never think of them again. But he knew from past experience that burying thoughts didn’t work, they would come back to haunt him sooner or later.
“Stop talking shit and he will.” Tony said getting Curien’s eyes on him again,
At least if Zach went to Pre-school he stood a chance of making friends before he went to mainstream school, especially if he went to same one as those friends.
“It’s the only way he could have come, we’d have seen the little bastard otherwise.”
For the time being it seemed to be stable in the boy, but no one wanted to take a chance and have Zach blow himself apart as others had done thanks to this serum.
“What happened to kicking my ass?” Steve asked, certainly not complaining, not when he had Tony flush against him and his juicy ass clutched in his hands.
“Not possible right now, Sergeant, and my arm can wait.” Tony said disconnecting the helmet and taking it to the table, “The tools?” He asked Sam. The Sergeant nodded and headed off to get what Tony had asked for.
“Uh-huh we learning ‘bout Wowmans, them had shields like Daddy, only them not round but like a door shape.” Zach said, pronouncing Romans with a W as he occasionally did when he was excited and talking too fast.
Refusing to just lie there and take it this time around, Tony bucked up into Steve, meeting each thrust and arching his spine as much as he could, so much so that Steve eventually lifted him and held him up, with Tony sitting in his lap, riding him hard and fast.
“No Captain, they are down in the shooting range.” Jarvis replied, he sounded tired which, for an AI should have been impossible.
Clearly Tony’s paranoia and trauma were acting up again in a big way. Sam had some new fangled term for it, something about traumatic experiences and stress effecting people like shell shock, and obviously this Steve character was taking advantage of it, taking advantage of Tony’s mental and emotional vulnerability.
There Tony’s heat hit and he spent three days being fucked by Obadiah. The Alpha was not overly cruel, but he was certainly not gentle in his handling of the young Omega, and Tony was left aching and sore with red raw thighs and bruises all over his hips and wrists by the time the heat was finished.
Spread over the window, hanging upside down, was non-other than Deadpool.
“Did Pepper have any ideas on how to help Zach?” Steve asked.
“Mamma!” Zach sobbed squirming in Thor’s arms to try and get to where the others were searching.
One outside the cell Tony kept his head down and tried to avoid waddling even though his pelvis didn’t really give him much choice. He had no idea which way to go, so he just headed down the corridor, ducking his head even more when he passed by guards on his way, he knew it wouldn’t be long before the Doctor was discovered and once that happened the entire base would be in uproar searching for him, so he had to move as fast as he could.
Red and Blue had been the colours chosen for Spiderman by Zach “Because they are Mamma and Daddy’s colours of course.”
“Likewise Hawkass.” Tony shot back, “And just for that the archery range will be removed from the plans.”
“You tell ‘em Spider-Spunk!” Deadpool cheered, and proceeded to plaster himself against Tony’s side humping him, “Besides, Iron Buns, we’ll never get to have that threesum I’ve been wet dreaming about since we first met.”
Zach liked to get up in the morning and make a lot of noise about it.
“Your failure provided Hydra with an excellent weapon, Captain.” Zola said, “The Winter Soldier has been our best asset, indeed, he was most useful in dealing with the Stark’s.”
“What are you two doing here?” Bruce asked, as Thor took to the air, following after Rhodey to begin getting the rubble out of the way.
She was right, Tony knew she was right. That was why it hurt so much to hear her say it. Hiding this from Steve was wrong, He could say he was sparing Steve the unpleasantness but really, all he was doing was pushing Steve out of his life and acting like he couldn’t trust him.
“I can understand that.” The host said, “I think we can all admit to guilt over not caring enough or simply not seeing what is going on when it is directly affecting us or is right under our noses.”
“And we’d have just started chatting and then exchanged phone numbers and gone for coffee?” Steve asked, grinning now as he pictured the scene.
“Thanks J.” Peter’s stomach twisted at doing this, at lying to Jarvis. He hoped he wouldn’t get the AI in trouble with Tony when Tony inevitably found out about what Peter and his friends were doing. Jarvis wouldn’t have been listening to their conversation, he didn’t do that unless prompted to do so by Tony, and Peter knew his Mother wouldn’t do such a thing. He’d have only had Jarvis check they were still in one piece every once in a while. So right now no one but himself, Ned and MJ knew of their plans and he could stop it right here, he could just go back up to bed and get some sleep then tell his parents about MJ’s suspicions in the morning.
Bruce was filmed doing yoga, tai chi, and body weight exercises, and some light jogging on the treadmills.
Tony had been livid when he’d been told this, had threatened to sue the school and every teacher and anyone else he could sic his lawyers onto.
Zach shrugged, “Never had a Daddy, fink it be nice though, Steef be a nice Daddy.” He looked up at Peter, “Was your Daddy nice?” he asked.
Tony wasn’t having that, fuck no! he wasn’t letting Steve beat himself up for their leaving Barnes, Christ it wasn’t like they’d had a choice in the matter, the man had been waling on them they’d had to get out of there!
“And Peter paid a heavy price for it, with what Doctor Curien did to him.” The host said shuddering.
It was slow going, it took a long time to sand down the logs enough to get them flat on one side and then it took Tony a while get them securely bound.
Vision didn’t move, “You would not kill her when you have gone to so much trouble to get her into your clutches. So I say again, hand her over.”
“It was just so tragic.” He said to Tony as they walked hand in hand to the restaurant Steve had picked for them to eat at. “Although the character of Q reminds me of you a little, more than the older one did.”
He could recall the feel of Tony’s flesh when his hands had spanned his back, picture the relaxed pose of his face when he slept. Taste his breath and kisses upon his lips. Hear the sound of his cries as they lay together, smell the scent of his aftershave, mixed with coffee, motor oil, and heated metal.
A genuine smile spread over Steve’s face at Tony’s generous offer. He didn’t have to do this and considering what had been done to his parents there was no reason he should, which he told Tony, the Billionaire shrugging off the gratitude as always and saying that it hadn’t been Bucky, well it had, his hands, but him in control, he’d just been the puppet on the string, it was Hydra to blame and helping get Bucky away from them would be one in the eye for them.
He aimed his gauntlet repulsers at Wanda, and at Rogers, trusting Vision and Steve to take care of Tony.
“I’m not in pain.” Tony scoffed, “Howard made sure I couldn’t suffer pain.”
“Lovely.” Pepper sighed.
Reluctantly Rhodey turned away from the suit to face Tony, “Are you serious about this? Because you know what’s going to happen. There is no way I can keep the Military off this thing if you give it to me.”
Tony groaned and rolled his eyes, “Fine J, I’m head back now.” He shut down the holographs and looked to Steve, “And you thought the war was over!”
“These might be terrible for a diet but they are so good.” Clint declared with melting chocolate and marshmallow dripping down his fingers.
Ned looked over his shoulder to MJ and sucked in a sharp breath, “The Oscorp factory.” He said looking back to Tony with tears in his eyes, “We were investigating Oscorp and tonight Peter went in and…..well something must have happened.”
The bickering continued all the way to the tower and up to the penthouse where they found Bruce watching some kind of documentary and sipping camomile tea which Tony declared to smell like cats piss and ushered Peter off to do his homework and took Zach to get him washed and ready for bed.
“Wuss.” Happy teased.
They limited themselves to one a day, made it a sweet treat at the end of their day before going to bed. They didn’t sleep much. Their body didn’t need it and nightmares kept them awake too much. But there wasn’t much to do at night. They didn’t like going out into town, going to bars or whatever it was people did.
“The next time we go on holiday I demand soundproof rooms.” Tony grumbled and burrowed down into his sleeping back, “And a proper bed, and a toilet, and a shower, and room service.”
“You are not baby sitting again, hell no, not after the last effort.” Tony told him. Thor pouted,
“It had to have been done when Jarvis’ systems were down.” Tony said with tired finality. “Someone saw an opportunity and took advantage of it.”
Steve grit his teeth while Sam leaned over a couple of poles, “Want to give us a hand?”
The bed seemed to engulf Peter's slight frame, the many wires and tubes smothering his body and making him look painfully fragile and young.
Tony exhaled through his nose. Steve was right, no one could survive a fall like that. It didn’t matter that Barnes had landed on snow, it wouldn’t have cushioned him enough to prevent severe damage being done, his head would split it open like a boiled egg, his neck, back, every bone would have shattered. Thor might walk away from something like that as he was a God, but Tony doubted anyone else would, except maybe Hulk, a normal human would have no chance, hell, even a super soldier would… Tony froze as he recalled something.
“Thank you for sharing that with us Wade,” Matt sighed, rubbing his forehead where a tension headache was forming, he was pretty sure that the nerves had formed a very familiar shape, the shape of Wade fucking Wilson.
“Try me, you never know. So long as it isn’t one of those stupid made up names that celebrities give their kids, or a fruit or something.”
The billionaire looked terrible. His normally olive skin was sallow and pasty, his eyes were sunken into the hollows of his skull and were surrounded by dark circles that looked almost painful. His lips were bloodless and chapped from where he’d obviously been worrying at them, and the weight loss… Tony must have dropped at least twenty pounds if not more and it did not suit him.
“Sure you do, you have them in your butt cheeks.”
“Certainly, although you will need to clean the lab up from flame retardant foam first.”
“17A,” He whispered looking at the Locker numbers and letters, a contraction hit and he doubled over, biting his bottom lip to keep from crying out. He tasted blood in his mouth as his teeth pierced his lip and tears sprang into his eyes. Not even Palladium poisoning had hurt as much as this!
“God damnit!”
“The Scavengers,” Tony snorted at the name that Pepper had taken to calling the Avengers since the fight with Rogers. “I have had Rogers on the phone more than a dozen times. Even threats of having the law involved aren’t helping, and if it’s not him calling, it’s Romanoff, and that bitch knows how to bypass call blocks, or she knows someone who can do it for her.”
“Great speech.” Tony said, while the head teacher tried to get the kids to settle back down.
