He’d thought, with the way his body felt, that he’d drift off right away, but from his nest under the covers, he felt suddenly wide awake. Wired awake. His leg started jumping a little, a twitch in his calf that just wouldn’t go away.
“It’s hideous though, right?”
Another noncommittal hum. “Or we could just do the two of us?”
“They’re as bad as pigeons.”
“Sure was,” Steve grumbles as he settles into the other armchair. He’s pretty sure Tony can see all the way to France with the way the robe splays, but he doesn’t much care at this point, especially as the fire starts bringing life back to his icy toes.
“How often am I going to get to see a sunrise over the Shetland Isles.”
him, of spending weeks humping through the wilderness with him, seemed almost like a vacation compared to Steve’s usual missions to destroy Nazi facilities and do away with dastardly experiments.
“Toooony.” As if to emphasize his point, Steve sneaks a hand around to Tony’s ass and pulls him in, squeezing in just that way that makes Tony’s spine electrify. Fumbling more than the first time, Tony refills the glass of water and passes it back to Steve. Again, Steve downs it, and before Tony can really say anything, Steve swoops in and lifts Tony by the ass, hefting him up and stumbling toward the bedroom.
Luckily, Bucky landed quite close to Steve, but unluckily, they were both soaked to the bone. Unwilling to move through the inky early hours, Steve bundled them up against the gnarled bark of a tree under their nylon chutes to wait for gray dawn. He gathered Bucky close, his own body heat keeping him much warmer than normal men would be, and told himself to settle in for a few hours of sleep.
Tony removed his hand from his face, eyes darting toward the portrait before he looked up at Steve. “Yeah. Yeah, I’d like that, I think.”
So instead he tried every trick in the book. Counting sheep. Counting breath. Imagining he was a melting snowman. Tensing and relaxing focused muscle groups. Listing the periodic table. He never got far though. The thought spirals intruded again and again. For hours he fought it until, rumpled and so dry he felt like a corn husk, he peeked out from beneath his blanket and saw that the sun was rising.
“Come to me.”
“Well, if you’re willing to pluck all the feathers and spit roast him over the fire, you be my guest.”
“What now?”
“Tony?”
“But the bartender didn’t say anything. The checkout lady at the pharmacy didn’t say anything. No one’s been staring. Oh…wait…”
“Just go,” Tony says, and clings tighter to Steve. Fifteen grueling, miserable, icy miles later, they hit Northampton and Steve pulls into the first gas station he can find. They both trip inside, frozen and drenched, jeans and leathers clinging uncomfortably. The kid behind the counter takes one look at them and bursts out laughing, though he tries to hide it behind the magazine he’s reading.
“Sorry,” Steve says sheepishly, and he backs away, looking down at his bare toes. And now Tony feels like a jerk, because the puppy is back, and really it’s unfair to him that Steve’s eyelashes are so long.
They find The Knoll far from the center of town, cloistered on the edge of a densely wooded park, and looking positively stodgy in the rain.  Steve almost turns around to head for the dilapidated motel they saw three miles back, but Tony’s shivering so hard against his back that he doesn’t dare keep him out in the deluge any longer.
“Kinda the point.” Steve smells of whiskey and his skin is hot where it presses against Tony’s cheek. God, he’s doing the tongue thing. Tony loves the tongue thing.
“Was gonna surprise you,” Steve says, and he looks so put out, especially when a lily splats right on his cheek. Tony laughs and kisses him, the flower petals catching between their lips
From the stoop, Mrs. Ortega cups her hands around her mouth and yells, “Alright everyone. You’re cleared to head back in. Tony, bambino, where you gonna stay?”
“You don’t need me anymore. I used to take care of you. Do stuff for you. Cleaning. Cooking. Now you can do it all yourself. Don’t need me.”
The pitcher throws another ball, and Steve nearly jumps to his feet. “Come on, Harvey. God, my grandmother throws better, and she’s been dead more’n twenty years, rest her soul. You can just…fuck. Fucking pig spleen.”
“Sure thing, Grease Monkey. We’ll get that fancy Vermont stuff you like.”
Originally posted
“Fireplace seems nice,” he says, and Steve takes the hint, stumbling toward the woven rug in front of the hearth. He deposits Tony in a disheveled pile, bathrobe gaping scandalously open and hair a mess, and then quickly steals a pile of blankets and pillows from the bed.
But Steve is only mostly asleep. When Tony starts to move, he turns over and looks down through slitted eyes. “Blow jobs now?”
“Did you, uh…how much of that last part did you hear?”
“No buts. If I see you before New Year’s, it’ll be too soon. Flu’s no laughing matter, Steve.”
“You’re the one who suggested the Shetland Isles.”
That brings Steve crashing back to reality, though he can’t bring himself to jump away, not when Tony’s warm and wet and breathing right in his arms. He tapers off his kisses and presses his forehead to Tony’s, exhaling slowly, only to breathe in machine oil and metal tang and petrichor.
“Then to the fortress.” Steve could feel eyes on them as they exited the market, not only from the villagers, but also, strangely, from above. Steve didn’t dare look up, loathe to show any signs of fear, but his hackles raised. Even worse, he couldn’t discuss the townspeople’s obvious anxiety with Bucky. The further they got up the hill, the fewer people on the road, and those they did encounter hurriedly crossed themselves and disappeared down back alleys. Bucky grumbled lowly, “Guess word travels fast.”
“It’s not even the biggest explosion I’ve ever accidentally set off.”
“Oh, I think I’m still hungry,” Steve said, reaching for a meat pie. He could put away quite a bit, and he tried to think up a plan as he stuffed himself. He was supposed to be the man with a plan! He could do this.
“This movie’s supposed to be traditional. Sam promised me.”
Of course, even all the planning in the world cannot compensate for Tony’s overenthusiasm in the kitchen. After four hours of mixing and rolling and cutting and trying not to lose it each time Tony deviates from the recipe (“For science!” can only be cute so many times) Steve stares mournfully up at the screaming smoke detector and dumps the carbonized batch of sugar cookies into the sink where he can douse them with water. On another tray sitting on the cooling rack, the chocolate cookies sit in a congealed lump—in the heat of the oven, their edges ran together, resulting in a blackened outer rim and a gooey center that’s probably not fit for human consumption. Tony is at the kitchen table, morosely transferring the gingerbread house design onto dough that is very nearly the consistency of sand. From below, their neighbor has taken a broom to the ceiling and is resolutely thumping out a complaint, presumably about the smoke detector.
The man looks tired, but smiles when he sees them. Or, rather, sees Peter, at least—he gives Loki a wary look, right up until Peter shoves down his arm while muttering about how he’s a friendly.
“Lady, all I did was try and remember what HYDRA had me doing, and do the exact opposite.” Bucky raised his hands, then shrugged. “S’not like all of it stuck, anyhow. I saved some people and projects, but…not sure if it was the butterfly effect or what, but some things ended up happening anyway.”
Specifically, Logan's amnesia.
But one evening, things came to a head.
come over and call Jolly Green here off?" Tony snapped, thankful his voice modifier did an excellent job at hiding his nerves— he sounded more irritated than anything else.
But he couldn't help it! Because here, Peter’s mentor is dead, his hero didn’t
then some guy showed up wanting him to consult on some project, and refused to take no for an answer. Even though said project was more Howard's speed than his, even though Tony had specifically said he wasn't in the business and
Stephen staggered to his feet, forcing himself to ignore the way his ribs throbbed and the exhaustion that came on the heels of the adrenaline rush because he had to confirm what his memories were telling him, had to
Agent Clint Barton frowned down thoughtfully at the files before him.
"Take a day off, Hill. I'll do the research in the meantime, but for the next 24 hours you are now officially banned from our archives."
To avoid frowning, as he straightened up and set to discreetly healing himself, because— they didn’t match up. Not that he was complaining, as he had absolutely no intention of carrying on with Thanos’ plan, but…something very strange was afoot.
Some very, very interesting questions, at that.
With that in mind, taking over AIM was nothing special. Really.
“Why am I not surprised.”
"What—"
would, anyway.
Loki didn't return to Asgard.
Something was wrong. Very, very wrong.
Sure, things got hectic, but Tony had a handle on it.
Later, there would be much headscratching and brainstorming.
"What is it?" Director Fury asked as she marched in, but she didn't answer.
As if to mock him, the comms he was still overhearing weren't much better.
"In a handful of months. You are
"Like
"...didn't Tony deal with them?" Clint asked, and Natasha made a face.
with you guys?"
Director Nick Fury was not a happy camper.
“I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I hereby call this meeting to order.” Fury said, voice ringing out over the din in the relatively-cramped room.
"Surface level. I was
Just waking up was a surprise.
"I'm sorry?" Agent asked, and Tony smiled thinly.
Tony was not impressed by whoever it was that was responsible for the rumble above him, or the multiple voices chattering over a communications system that'd been laughably easy to hack. Really, the only saving grace of their little shindig was the agent who'd had enough sense to poke through what was left of the archives before working on bringing the base down around them. Black Widow, according to the comms, which only made the entire situation that much more ridiculous.
"Nothing, I was just leaving." Never let it be said Iron Man was anything less than polite.
“His reputation can’t be anyone else, unless anyone knows
Tony’s last coherent memories are of the bomb with his name on it, when
"In my defense, it comes from both sides of the family." After all, Howard had founded SHIELD— otherwise known as 'the super-sketchy government agency that regularly dealt with aliens and mutants'— meanwhile, his mom had singlehandedly created a criminal empire that put Bond villains to shame.
Steve Rogers dropped his mug as he caught sight of the television in the corner.
“So we're supposed to count you as an ally, then? I don’t think so.” The Captain said, crossing his arms.
Everyone knew what he was really asking. ‘How had they missed this?’ ‘How had someone like this flown under their radar?’
"It'd be pretty damn obvious, Barton." Fury sighed. "But he doesn't, so we're going to avoid making too many changes."
Thor shrugged. "I had to try."
He saw the Ancient One, and Mordo, but he couldn't afford to stay and chat, not when the future of this universe depended on it, because Tony had never quite realized just how much of an effect he had on the people around him and Stephen had never told him of just how important his role was when it came to facing what was to come and—
Sees Tony’s face—fear shifting to shock shifting to
willing to risk him not pulling through?" He countered, deadly serious in a way he almost never was. "He barely survived last time, are you willing really to gamble on the changes not affecting that somehow?"
Tony's panic was receding with every second that passed and he wasn't dying a painful death. Obviously, this 'Hulk' guy wasn't so bad, even if he was sniffling a little now.
Is the one who who ends up following Jane Foster, and prevents her from stumbling into the shadows of the Yddgrasil that leads to the Aether.
Sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't: he had a bone to pick with that one telekinetic asshole in 1963 [
“I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I hereby call this meeting to order.” Fury said, voice ringing out over the din in the relatively-cramped room.
It was a very painful realization to have. Very, very painful, especially because the man he’d glimpsed in the headlines and in his friends’ words was…was…
] under a glaring sun in a country where he couldn't even get a good drink if he didn't bring it himself.
“Director?” Maria asked carefully, but paused, because…what was she supposed to say?
the story of why Spider-Man's suit was spelled to be impervious to small projectiles and inscribed with runes to make it as fire-resistant as he could manage.
“Thor, you
one of the richest and most influential people in the country. Of course he was able to walk away almost scot-free.
Funnily enough, it's not the drinking or the partying that has Howard calling him up in a rage— it's the photos of his one-night stand. Which, okay, isn't exactly a surprise, Howard had never been exactly quiet about what he thought of 'those freaks'.
First things first. After taking a deep breath to steady herself, she pushed back her grief and growing hope and relief, and gave Director Fury a level stare.
“…right.” Steve murmured, and didn’t resist the urge to bury his head in his hands as realization after realization came crashing to the fore.
Clint blinked, at that, even as Natasha’s expression cleared up. “Why?”
By all rights, it should have been impossible to create a portal capable of interfering with the space-time continuum without an incredible amount of focus
Not five minutes after his escape, however, Loki found himself frowning even more intensely than before.
] Tony knew why, of course— Howard's right-hand man in everything business-related would want to make nice with his only heir. On paper, Tony was supposed to be a chip off the old block, especially with his brains.
In every universe, the boy who would become Erik Killmonger was a product of his environment.
"Not necessary. This was as much a dead end for me as it is for you guys, I imagine."
"Want to come home with me?"
Said no to Howard’s impossible standards, said no to the weapons-making, and turns his back and walks away with his head held high.
Instead, he
Especially since Thor had ended up needing to run interception for him on Asgard, distracting Heimdall and the Allfather while trying to avoid suspicion. Ugh. If it weren't for the fact that he was also keeping an eye on their mother, Loki would use this to win every single argument they had for the rest of the millennium because he was left completely alone to deal with a fighting force that had devastated Asgard
The man eyed her warily.
Wait, had Steve even gone on that mission yet? Ugh. This entire mess was a headache, and he hadn't even left the damn continent.
"I said what I said." Fury smiled thinly. "Looks like our guy has some friends in high places. So. Who fucked up and tipped our guy off?"
Normally, Maria was able to handle it, able to handle the way her husband seemed intent on crawling into a bottle when he whenever he wasn't on another expedition, able weather the storm without so much as a hair out of place despite having been in a screaming match not five minutes beforehand.
If it’s what he thought it was, not again.
Speaking of which, Tony had a field day trying to figure out
Maybe it wasn't fair of him to pick something as small as a reaction to being told 'no' as a basis for how he'd handle this, sure.
wasn't that hard a sell, last time."
Natasha frowned. "My contacts are very discreet, it's not likely we'd get a leak from there..."
"Didn't you read the briefings?" Natasha asked, and sighed as she got her answer with his frown.
"All you want is the Tesseract and a willing tool. I'm sorry, but I will provide neither." With that, he tossed his empty cup into a nearby disposal unit, and stalked away, mood now completely soured and pulling on his illusions to melt into the shadows as the locals scrambled to capture his afterimage.
"Seems to me that there's a lot of chatter that's the same lines as anything remotely approaching queer issues back
The last time Howard had seen him, he'd sneered and said good riddance, said he'd fail.
Clint Barton stared back as everyone looked towards him. "I've been keeping eyes on Stane, this is the first I'm hearing this."
At that, Director Fury scoffed, a sound that was echoed faintly above the fridge as Clint made his way to the coffeemaker.
Tony gave a sharp
"Oh, I'm sorry, I would have thought you'd heard," perfectly polite, perfectly polite and professional, that's what made up Natalie Rushman [
would have happened.” He muttered as he rifled through the counter to find his mug. Then, noticing their looks, Clint shrugged. “Director’s the one that knows him best, but even
"To be fair, it sounds like you wouldn't have had the chance to learn much about it." The Ancient One said mildly even as her hands moved fluidly in the air above his friend's head, "I'm impressed with your proficiency as is, given the circumstances."
So when New York gained a 'Spider-Man' [
“We’ve been expecting you, Soldier.”
It was jarring, being reintroduced to an old friend like this.
“You mean we might not?”
"Jesus Christ, I thought you were kidding." Came Clint's answering remark, incredulity coming through loud and clear and only an incredible amount of self-control kept her from reacting beyond gracefully taking a sip of wine. It was expensive, part of her absently noted; not that this sort of gala would have offered anything else, but still.
"Captain, I presume." It was hard to look dignified right now, but Tony liked to think he pulled it off regardless.
Made even worse by the fact that the Jericho seemed to be a smash hit with these generals, and Tony just continued smiling and acting like there wasn't anywhere else in the world he wanted to be, like they weren't all having three conversations at the same time.
“And I’m sorry someone’s making you go through this,” Steve continued as if he had no idea how much of Tony’s world he just shattered. He probably didn’t. “I kind of want to rip them a new one, for being cowards. I know the media paints you one way, but if they’d just tell you, I know you’d give them a fair shot.”
“Our pilot,” Tony realized. Well. That was something he hadn’t expected. He thought Clint was just another regular, though he didn’t see him as often as some others.
“No! I am going to rip their lungs out and give you a transplant and then beat them with a large stick and rake them over coals and—”
Until now.
“More than when we first met him,” Tony admitted. “So, thank you again.”
Tony wiggled in his chair. “Uh, would love to.”
Peter nodded, but there was still a wobble in his lip and unshed tears. “Y-Yeah.”
Then, there parents like Tony Stark: the ones who admitted that their kids had faults and might need help. The ones who were reasonable when it came to communication and reached out when they had concerns. The ones who cared about their children and were willing to do whatever it took to help them succeed, no matter how inconvenient it was or what it took. The ones who took utter delight in anything and everything their child did.
Peter felt his face flush. When she put it like that, yeah, it sounded reasonable. Logical even.
“What? Blondes?”
If all of this was too much for either of them?
Steve continued explaining quietly.
Half of anything good or wonderful humanity created or accomplished was because of strife and adversity. Hell, computers were created to defeat the German code machines.
“This time?!” Tony yelped.
His heart skipped a beat.
“We all good?” Bucky asked, the living room turned into a huge pillow fort, complete with fairy lights artfully arranged and a number of floor pillows and bean bags strewn about.
Bruce gave him sympathy tea.
“I—I thought—” Steve swallowed again, trying to figure out what he wanted to say so he wouldn’t make a complete idiot of himself, if he hadn’t already. “I wasn’t sure what I thought. I always assumed I would never be appealing to anyone. I mean, you guys tell me all the time … but Bucky’s like a brother and everyone else is my friend. You’re
“How do you know?” Tony exclaimed, aghast.
“Do we,” he replied. “How ‘bout a regular cappuccino?”
“Tony …”
Or came from someone who was obviously on a power trip.
He wasn’t sure what was going on, but he knew he hired smarter people than that. He knew that those people were smarter than that presentation. He trusted them to make good decisions and use their skills wisely, but that meeting did not sit right with him.
“Nat,” was all that Antonius could make of the sentence. By the way Nataliya rolled her eyes, it looked like she had attempted to play a trick on him.
“We were wondering,” Rhodey laughed. “You two pine like no one’s business.”
so I could stay dry. Do you know how many omegas have assumed I should put forth all the effort into a relationship? How uneven those relationships were? I never feel like that when I am with you.”
“Where are you going?”
“Like a rut,” Sam said.
Tony’s hands were suddenly cradling his face, wiping away unexpected tears.
“C—py?” came a garbled voice a few moments later. “Come on Cap!”
Steve scoffed. “The fact that I’m right about art history has nothing to do with my sub-gender.”
Sam shot Tony a pitying look. “Ignore this idiot, okay?”
“You’re having a rut?”
“No, you’re right. Doing this ritual is old fashioned, ultimately doesn’t prove a thing, and just perpetuates all sorts of harmful stereotypes and aspects of our culture. However, ignoring all of that, it comes down to an alpha and omega being able to express interest and consent to one another without all of the usual courtship trappings or social expectations. If I could, I would make that the everyday experience, but one step at a time.”
With Tony’s full attention on him, he couldn’t help but shrink in on himself a little. It was a bad habit, but …
“No,” Natasha said.
Steve held up his hands and took a step back, making Tony stop dead in his tracks.
He could not believe this had happened!
Then, about twenty minutes later, Tony got a text, asking if he could come back in.
Misspelled names and nicknames
And heaven forbid he had the gall to dump someone.
“Just get in the car and make that meeting!” he laughed.
God, safe. How long had it been since he woke up? An hour or two, tops?
“Sorry,” Steve murmured into his ear after the famous scene played out.
He scribbled down a note to look into that and JARVIS filed it away. Perhaps he needed to probe his company a little. Look for new, mysterious servers or emails with certain trigger words or if someone was working odder hours than he was.
belong to him, he rolled up his sleeves and started to tackle the kitchen. It was kind of a mess—his mess from earlier that day. Oh well. He was still far from a stereotypical homemaker, but at least they wouldn’t have to worry about unloading the dishwasher or stepping into something horrifyingly mysterious in their socks when they all managed to come back home at ungodly hours.
Going back to the living room, Steve sat down on the couch. Tony pulled up an ottoman in front of his chair. Steve was silently thankful how Tony picked it up and set it down, rather than dragged it over the floor rug. Of course, Tony was always considerate like that. So few people noticed the little things he did for those around him. Then again, it was always easier to ignore the more important things for the flashy, grand gestures.
Antonius made sure to help any way that he could. He lifted stones and helped check for weeds and pests on the grain. He helped to clean the game they hunted. He was a mouth that had to be fed and he always disliked those who would laze about.
Tony kept reading. “This is way better than some of that drivel that is currently in the romance section. Are you anywhere near done? Looked into a publisher?”
He made sure Betty had Bruce’s number. He vowed that no one would use Bruce again.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Someone gave you Hanahaki Disease. I don’t care what I have to do, I am going to make sure you get better.”
Steve looked it up once.
Sam’s declaration caused some other customers to laugh, snapping Tony from his thoughts.
“The therapy sounds okay,” Peter said, after it was explained that it would be behavioral therapy, not something akin to Freudian head shrinking. “It’ll be like a life coach.”
Tony inwardly scoffed. Unless he was at gunpoint the entire time, he was not going to do anything for them, whoever they were.
“Not get eaten by a bird?” Strange suggested.
“I’ll let you think on that,” Steve grinned.
“I’m—I’m alright!” he called, coughing. “Just some allergies!”
“Mm.”
It was not all bad, though. What they grew and gathered was enough to sustain them and they were not wasteful of anything they came across. Their livestock were hardy and healthy, giving them good wool for their clothing and meat when there was surplus. They all worked together, sharing the work as equally as possible, and came together around the fire every night to break bread and share stories with one another. The friendship and love they had for one another, despite not being related by blood, reminded him keenly of Peperi and Actus.
He could wait.
“Returning some books,” Steve said, feeling a little awkward. “It’s my day off.”
So, he explained as best he could. Stiofán nodded along. It was obvious that he did not understand everything, but that he was willing to listen, made Antonius’ heart warm.
Tony snorted. “That’s like asking you not to draw.”
“You’re opened late.”
They had to have been from a florist’s, because they were fresh.
A little part of him had realized that of all the places Tony could have gone, like a medical plaza or a hospital, he had chosen to come to his apartment instead. To
He coughed, which prompted Thor to thump his back.
Sam smiled and patted Steve on the arm. “Thanks, man.”
He swallowed back a sour taste in his mouth and refocused on the facts. If someone had leaked that information, they had to be in SI. They had to have enough clearance—or hacking skills that surpassed his own—to orchestrate the attack. But there was also the motive to consider. Revenge for battles that included his weapons? Corporate sabotage? Did he manage to piss off someone who could really hold a grudge and who decided that this was a good form of revenge?
The growl Steve let out was almost feral.
Steve awkwardly nodded. After a few minutes of taking orders, Sam and Bucky decided to have mercy on him and help at the register, the little assholes. Tony felt jittery the whole time, like one little thing would set him off. It was not going to be good. By the time Steve made his way over to him, Tony was pretty sure he was hyperventilating.
Captain America grimaced. “Yeah. But we’re on the top floor. We have the tactical advantage.”
Tony rolled his eyes and dramatically whispered when he got up to Steve’s counter.
“Hold on, wait,” Tony said, grabbing Steve’s shirt. It was the end of a date and he was
Tony knew what this relationship was, even though
Tony rolled his eyes. “What do you think?”
He and his armies were known and feared throughout the known world, but so few kingdoms were willing to ban together to put a stop to his terrorizing.
Since then, his life included a lot more arguments over design and art, cheating during various video game contests, group chats filled with inside jokes, and quite a few more friends as Steve’s social circle became ‘theirs’. It took them some time to pull their heads out of their asses, but when they finally caved in and admitted they had feelings for each other …
Bucky and Sam both shushed them loudly, Clint opting to throw popcorn at them for good measure.
But he thought that no one knew him here. He thought that he was finally a member of the nameless masses, only recognized because of shared jokes and repeat visits. Was it too much to ask that he was just ‘Tony’ instead of the largest technological corporation ever?
He made himself push those thoughts aside. It would do him no good dreaming, because the reality he was in did not allow for such pastimes.
“Oh, hey,” Peter said, less shocked. “Thanks for the snacks.”
Steve stopped wiping the counter for a moment.
Which meant more teasing.
and knew Tony was feeling a little more like himself because he gasped in horror at the sight of Steve pulling out an old VHS tape from the 90s.
“I take it this book was important to Peter?” the principal asked. Tony really needed to learn their name, it was only polite. But right now, he just wanted to comfort Peter.
“Nat, stop trying to kill people,” Sam grunted as he worked more flour into the dough. “It’s not funny.”
Last spring, a young man from the village shyly asked if he could make a broach for his sweetheart, so he might have a gift if her father gave his blessing.
Peter frowned, not quite understanding either. “Up front, center of the class. Like in here.”
Clearly, she was the kind of person to troll people.
Steve nodded and distractedly smoothed his pants, pleased that there weren’t any pills on them. He hated having to drag out the little motorized fabric shaver: its sound was annoying and its cartage to capture shaved off lint was too small, but it was the only one that worked well enough.
Tonight was going to determine the fate of the rest of the continent.
Steve laughed. “Yeah. I’m just glad Pepper has the resources to coordinate it all. I have no idea how business majors do it.”
“No, but you’re going to.”
Steve looked up at Tony and Tony responded with a slight smile. Clambering out of Tony’s lap, Steve went over and settled onto Peter’s. Peter was surprised for a moment, but it took him only a moment to start stroking Steve’s back.
“What do you need?” Steve asked.
Steve rolled his eyes. “I’m not made of glass, honestly, Tony. It’s the middle of spring and cedar is high this week.”
“Yes.”
“I don’t plan to have fur for a few more weeks!”
Eh, too much work, hand washing dishes multiple times a day.
That section of the library was empty for some reason. It was usually filled with various omegas, typically younger ones like him, looking for information about how to be attractive to alphas or get over bad relationships or make progress on the one they were currently in. He might have picked up a bad apple, but that didn’t mean there wasn’t something helpful.
“You seem really calm about all this,” Captain America commented.
As the commotion grew louder, Antonius approached the entrance and looked out. He had been designing another kind of arrow, one that could stay attached to the shaft without leather string or needing to be taken off for cleaning. It could allow them to carry the arrows on their back and reduce damage. Normally, nothing would have pulled him away from creating, but he could have sworn …
When they got out of here—because there was no question that Tony
The space between the walls was hard to move through, with broken bricks, pipes, and electrical wires all over the place, but they probably bought themselves some time with this move. Hopefully. As long as the HYDRA goons were thrown back enough with that grenade, they should be able to get out of this mess. They kind of left an obvious hole in the wall.
“It’s okay. I was going to just reuse the canvas. Do something new.”
“Famous last words,” Captain America muttered back.
“What are you, five?”
The rest of it was a mess: robots exploding, robots getting smashed in by fists, or in one case, two of them colliding when they proved to have flight capabilities. Doom seemed to be exploring different methods for them to get around. Tony supposed the sewers were getting boring.
“Water lilies and lilacs?”
The next morning was …
“Um. Hi.”
Because no pure, sweet golden angel tried to join the army by lying on his papers … how many times was it again? It was probably a record.
“You need to brush your teeth.”
He could never keep anything from Rhodey, even if he tried.
“True, but you might be a little biased. While you heard the struggles of a loved one, Darcy was hearing a broken record. But I heard you two got back together?”
“You’re coughing up spores!” Tony exclaimed. “You should be in the hospital! They should be shoving antibiotics or whatever the hell they do! You could be
“Thanks. How was the trip?”
Not a fever. Not that kind of fever anyways.
It did not take them too long to get all of the papers printed out and filled out again. Steve kept meticulous and detailed records, with dates in the file names and easy to identify folders. Tony marveled at it, because the only thing organized in his life were the cabinets in his workshop, and that was only because no one wanted to accidentally grab a wrench when they needed a hammer.
Online, someone suggested writing love poems or letters to their intended as a romantic gesture. Creativity and originality was encouraged, of course, as plagiarizing love letters was a long-time gag in romantic comedies. It wasn’t a bad idea, Steve thought.
Steve hated spring.
He was coming every day now, sometimes twice, and he wasn’t sure how pathetic or obvious he was getting with his crush. He was sure that Bucky, Sam, and Natasha were more than aware, but what about Steve? Was he being kind, ignoring it to spare Tony any hurt feelings? Was he unaware? He never saw anyone else flirt with him, but he could have someone somewhere. It wasn’t like he and Steve were the best of friends, knowing every detail about each other’s lives.
Hopefully, Pepper would understand the obnoxious tweets and mentions. He only said he would give her a room full of flowers and as far as he knew, he had yet to do anything that would require that amount of apologizing. SHIELD would likely see the tweets as well, because he knew they were keeping tabs on him. Huge technological giant escapes terrorists after three months without anyone knowing how or a decent press cover?
“Oh, shut it,” Tony muttered, resigning himself to the green tea he had to drink now. Natasha seemed to take pity on him, because a basket of croissants was placed in front of him. He could tell from the smell of them that they were Steve’s. God, he could live off of those. He would happily succumb to scurvy and blocked arteries if he could eat them forever and ever.
In front of them, Fury saw that all of his soldiers returned, more or less unharmed. Clint looked like he had jumped into too many hand-to-hand fights again. Natasha had a split lip, but he was sure the person responsible for that was dead. Rhodey and Sam dropped their metal wings off the moment they could, still out of breath from hours of flight. Bruce had a blanket wrapped about his shoulders, but looked steady and calm. Good.
In front of them, the castle burned.
He’d find a way to screw them over first.
“Actually, let me have what she’s having.”
Tony groaned and covered his eyes. “Oh god.”
The taste of something floral on his tongue.
He was artistic, able to put any combination of color onto any kind of canvas in an absolutely beautiful manner. Even his napkin doodles were works of art. He knew history and liked science fiction, had a hilarious sense of humor, and could be a bitter, snarky, sarcastic little shit. Tony didn’t care if he didn’t fit in with the typical omega stereotypes, all soft and domestic, tall and lithe if they were male, or curvy and voluptuous if they were female.
of ADHD which made symptoms worse or negated some symptoms or created a new set of symptoms and—
“Shut up!”
Tony blinked and some clarity came to his eyes as he apparently registered the panic Steve was trying to hold back. “Oh. Shit. Steve, I’m sorry. I don’t know what I’m doing—I’m sorry if I said anything, I’ll just call for an ambulance or get Pepper—”
“You got it, mister.”
“Barnes!” Tony yelped.
Steve gripped the door frame and took in a deep breath.
Tony managed to compose himself a few moments later. “Your
“While I am happy to do that on our servers,” JARVIS said, “I am afraid that it would be unethical for me to delete such files from the personal servers and devices of Mr. Rogers, Ms. Romanoff, and others.”
“Am I that predictable?” Tony asked, purposefully pouting. “I mean, I’ve had your cappuccinos. The other day I had a hot chocolate. That had no caffeine whatsoever!”
After watching a few movies, Tony fell asleep on the couch. Steve texted everyone to let them know, and of the replies he got, everyone was more surprised than offended.
“We’re gonna make another left,” Tony said, coughing at the dust that was getting stirred up.
go to the back of the house through the servant’s quarters like some dirty little secret. He had a reason for being a visitor and visitors came through the front door.
Stiofán smiled and took Antonius’ hand into his, the paint smearing across their fingers.
“Sure, you could say that is one of the qualifiers.”
He had been feeling like this for a little over a week. Steve only started a few days ago.
“He’s been … he’s been alright. He’s taking the whole thing really well,” Tony said quietly. “Better than I would have if I were diagnosed.”
It’s always been my head canon that Steve was a bit of a bookworm and especially loved science fiction. The foundations of what we know as science fiction really took off in the 20s and 30s, so I think it’s completely fitting that he would have read a lot of the titles I mentioned. When he was sick in bed, there might not have been much else for him to do besides draw of course, but art supplies cost money. Pulp fiction, on the other hand, was wide-spread and cheap.
I cannot believe it has almost been a year since this was last updated! What black hole sucked up all of the time? It’s still astounding me. But what is even more astounding is all of the hard work that chocolatecapcookie from the POTS server did as my beta reader! Thank you so much for correcting all of my grammar and everything else! You are amazing!
If they wanted to see history and religion, then they needed to contact the historians and theologians at the other colleges around Paris.
Steve frowned and
Steve was feeling the chill in his toes and fingertips, but it wasn’t too bad.
Tony knew it was not Pepper.
“Whoa, whoa! No way! I am not letting you get suspended!” Tony exclaimed. “If that was happening, he’d be bringing in the principal!”
gave me.”
Tony was going to say something more, but then Steve started to hack up red carnations.
“Jerk!” Steve yelled out.
“Shut up,” he said.
“One battle at a time,” Steve said. “I know that gleam in your eye.”
Steve raised his eyebrows.
The others were clearly mad scientists or black hats at the least. Were they all part of the same organization? Was this some sort of villain coalition? He wouldn’t put it past some lower-tier villains to be desperate enough to team up for some larger goal. He just hoped that it ended like it did in the comics: with the heroes failing and a lot of bad guys in jail.
bank.
Captain America and the sniper straightened up, like this was child’s play.
There was another yawn.
He didn’t come back for three days.
“I said, get up,” the man snarled, shoving his shoulder.
She loved him, of course, but it was a complicated and non-romantic way. They were a thing, once upon a time, but it settled into something more like ‘dumbass king’ and ‘long-suffering advisor’, with Rhodey as the one person who could emphasize with her. Bruce was head over heels with Betty, but thank goodness their love wasn’t unrequited. Just a little star-crossed, until General Dickhead got his head out of his ass and stopped trying to get Bruce fired.
“Seems like you got that mostly covered,” Captain America said, before grabbing Tony’s arm and looking him over. “You alright? Are you injured anywhere?”
Everyone done with it
“It’s dinnertime,” Bucky said. “What were you working on? Hold on, are those
Tony shook his head. “No, it’s fine.”
“You almost forgot this,” Mr. Rogers said, holding out a book to Peter.
“You should talk,” Steve replied. “Apparently Rhodey has photos of you from MIT, all bright-eyed and covered in grease. With braces.”
Pepper was already on her phone. “I’ll order some of Steve’s other favorite foods. I know an excellent bakery that’s close by.”
Tony watched as Peter flushed some more. He didn’t seem to be uncomfortable. If anything, there was awe in his eyes. Peter had mentioned Mr. Rogers a time or two before, but it wasn’t anything over the top. No overly gushing, no long rants about how wonderful he was. There was a lot about children, about Peter, Tony didn’t know and he wished he did. But reading child psychology books would only take him so far and he had to juggle so many other things too.
“Insider info?”
“Never,” Steve gasped, clutching his chest like he was mortally wounded.
“Steve,” he murmured, feeling embarrassed. After what happened some months ago, he was surprised to hear such words from him. “I remember asking you to call me that.”
“Is this accurate so far?” the principal asked Flash.
“Do you want me to kidnap you? On Alpha’s Night?”
“And nice penmanship too.”
“In the back office, yeah.”
“It wasn’t a problem, really. I managed to find it under the shelf. Someone just shoved it there, instead of putting it away properly, is all.”
Tony looked around the café with new eyes.
“He did?”
As he started removing the previous finger nail polish, Steve felt his shoulders relax.
“What?” Steve croaked.
Tony was happy to avoid a fight if he could, but that seemed unlikely.
Slipping his shade over his eyes, he pushed himself away from the meeting table and stood up. Everyone else, all dressed in dark suits like it was someone’s funeral, looked away from the extremely
“That doesn’t explain you,” Bucky quipped, giving him a shit-eating grin.
“Yup.”
Clint, Natasha, Sam, Steve, and Bucky were all friends. Important friends he would absolutely die for, wake up in the middle of the night for, and spend hours fixing broken coffee pots for … but no. None of them were in romantically in love with him, even a little bit.
Peter shook his head. “No. I actually told Ned and MJ about me having ADHD.”
He made his excuses.
“Oh, for cryin’ out loud! Amscray!” Steve yelled.
“Briefly?” Steve replied. “She knew Peggy better, but yeah, she and Antheil were a real help with radios.”
“Hey!”
“It’s filled out, with our names,” Tony interrupted. “I got it just in case you couldn’t take a hint or ultimately said no. It’s not Alpha Night yet, so I’m still not breaking any rules here. As a matter of fact, I’m following the rules because I’m asking you if you’d like to be mine. All you have to do is say yes and sign. Then you don’t even have to worry about Alpha Night or someone else stealing me away or worrying about me saying yes, because I already have.”
Tony spared him a little. “Dork.”
What Tony just said did not mean all of that. He was speaking in general terms, about everyone and for everyone. Not for himself, not for him, not for their situation. Tony didn’t even know that he had a crush on him. The people he did know, who were only his closest friends, promised to keep it to themselves and not reveal anything to Tony. For all the other times they were mischievous, gossiping busybodies, this was something they respected and left alone.
When they came back, the two of them were going back and forth with a level of ridiculousness she had never heard before.
He jumped and finally realized Rhodey was trying to get his attention.
“He’s only in the form of a dog,” Natasha said, not looking up from her tablet as she typed away on it. Or, from the look of concentration, she might have been playing a game.
Who was sponsoring them, then?
“Of course!” Steve took Tony’s hands into his. “This is about your health and safety! Just let me know if there is anything I can do, if there is anything I should know. I don’t think there will be much research on arc technology, but I can guess you don’t need to plug yourself in.”
because he was Tony Stark and there was never a problem that he could not solve and—
Tony, on the other hand, made sure to only keep informed of the matters. He kind of got the ‘hands off you’ll never amount to anything like him’ message early on. But when word got around that someone was messing around with vita radiation and had poked into some old archives that were still supposed to be classified? Well. That was different.
“Nah. Just … tell me about your day?”
Later that week, Steve coughed up a few spider flowers and was soon told that Peter had passed his exam with flying colors. As if there was any doubt, textbook or not.
Steve felt his emotions overwhelm him once more. “It’s alright. The Académie rejected them.”
He was finally with Tony again.
“Tony! What the hell—”
Peter hesitated. Tony could see the gears twisting and turning in his mind as he processed everything. This was big for someone his age. There were going to have to be more discussions, more than one research binge with some power point presentations for Peter to be shown, and Tony could see the two of them in a lot more meetings in the future.
. They were small and out of the way and only locals ever heard of them, or hipsters, but generally, they had awful drinks that he could complain about and random things to look at on their walls. Their employees were also potential subjects to complain about or marvel at how weird humans could be. Same with fellow customers. Most importantly, no one cared who he was. They were all on the same mission: to get coffee, pretend to support local businesses, and choke on their own self-importance.
Tony felt like he had been punched in the gut and wanted to argue, but Sam was a therapist. He knew his stuff when it came to human behavior in general. If he said this might be a rut, then there was a pretty good chance he was right. Like in the ninety-five percent chance range.
Tony rolled his eyes and cuddled closer to Steve, which soothed him. Steve snuggled in further. They could think about all that later.
“You have a crush on my teacher or at least think he’s hot.”
He weighed it in his hand, curiosity taking over for a moment. It was made of solid cast steel instead of the more modern aluminum, the patina deep and paint long worn off. The adjustment part of it was heavily lubricated and moved easily. It was tempting to take the wrench too, given that he lost the pipe he found in the supply closet, but he sensed that someone would miss it.
Steve gave him a look. “Tony is a genius.”
“Hey, J,” he called. “Find Jimmy’s family, see how they’re doing, and then find that reporter I keep ignoring. See if she has any evidence I don’t already.”
When the bullying only got worse, no matter what he did.
“Yeah. Okay.”
Captain America exchanged a nod with the sniper and moved to give them better cover with his shield. As the gunfire continued, the sniper moved to where Tony was and started to punch a hole in the wall. With his fist. The wall started to cave in after about three hits. Wow. Captain America reached behind him and pulled a gun off of the sniper’s utility belt, picking off some more HYDRA agents who were getting closer. Finally, the gunfire started to ebb.
“Oh,” Steve breathed. “That’s … good. That it was just a meeting.”
Steve snorted. “Your idea of a decent doctor is the kind that serves cucumber water to their patients in the waiting room.”
“It looks lovely.”
He had a son and he was ten years old and he was in foster care.
He totally nailed it.
The road to victory would be long and hard, but he was ready as he would ever be.
“I know you have it too.”
“He hasn’t been puking?”
Steve shook his head. “No. It confuses the hell out of me sometimes, but it’s amazing. You’re able to do so much that we could only dream of in novels and pictures. There’s a lotta things that I wish hadn’t changed in this world, but technology advancing ain’t one of them.”
But what were they
Tony hated magic.
Steve reached out and took Tony’s hand. Tony flinched, but Steve held on.
When he first met Peter, he was a nervous wreck.
“Because if you want to, I can run a background check, look through their financials, even put JARVIS on your phone if you need an emergency ‘get me out of this bad date’ card—”
Tony laughed his head off, slapping his knees as Steve continued to debate different shades of blue with some kid named Pissarro. Bucky was sitting next to him, shaking his head and grumbling, because of course he would get into arguments about
“You—you cannot think it will go well,” he choked, his mouth deciding to forego English altogether. “There is …”
“I hate all of you.”
Science was one of the classes Peter unfortunately shared with Flash. He was at least seated a few rows away from Peter and in a different lab group. It wasn’t as bad as gym where the higher student-teacher ratio created the perfect environment for students to get away with anything from throwing balls at someone’s head or gossiping when they were supposed to be running laps.
The debriefing that SHIELD insisted upon got tedious rather quickly. Tony told them everything from his end, Captain America told them everything from his end, and they collaborated on the part where they met up. The sniper, whose name he never got, was nowhere to be found. He should have been part of this super boring meeting too.
He would get the details and stories later. He could not believe that they were
Steve came back up, looking at the television screen pensively.
Feeling the need to stand up for someone else? Perfectly acceptable.
It was a new day.
Peter was doing wonderfully. There were some hiccups, some added stress because of class changes and medication reactions, but they all worked through them.
A hand touched his bare knee.
All of the papers were spilled across the floor.
“Only if you tell me about your latest date with Steve,” she bargained.
“Lay it on me, whatever’s going on in your head,” he said. “You know you can talk to me.”
It was better to see Tony goofing off a bit than constantly stressed and overworked.
Tony shook his head. “No, I just got away from the goons. Your plan isn’t bad, but they have eyes on your guys already. You need to extract them. They have heat-seeking missiles at the ready.”
Tony felt like he wanted to run and die in a hole and get zapped by lightning.
Rhodey gave him an unamused look. “Let me guess. You got a crush.”
Honestly, seeing Tony so vulnerable helped a lot. Once he calmed down himself, he started to notice major differences between Tony and other alphas he had come across in his life. Not that he had many experiences with an alpha in an unexpected rut, but he knew plenty of alphas who became more aggressive shortly before and during them. Tony hadn’t acted like that at all. He hoped that he really would be alright by tomorrow. When he was younger, his heats would do pretty much the same thing to him, but for about a week.
It all started with a new class all college students were required to take, aptly called ‘College 101’. While Steve could see some students needing this class, because why would their already over-burdened education system include something like work-life balance or proper studying techniques into the curriculum, he counted himself among those who considered the class a waste of time. It didn’t even count towards their degree plans!
Maybe his father did have ADHD and was undiagnosed. He wondered how people treated him, remembering foster parents getting frustrated with him and some teachers from previous schools labeling him as a ‘problem child’ with ‘behavioral issues’. They would sit him in the back of the classroom, give him detention for forgetting his homework, and eventually leave him behind. Sure, some teachers tried, but there weren’t always enough resources for everyone and with the amount of times he changed schools because he got shuffled somewhere else …
“You’re on first name basis?” Rhodey asked.
He lucked out later in the day when he only coughed up a single Acanthus leaf.
“When you advertise that you have the first and only flush of a certain tea grown only on a certain mountain in China made a certain, special, secret way, but it turns out to taste just like PG Tips? That is when it becomes pretentious.”
Bruce glanced at Tony while Tony rolled his eyes dramatically.
It was the flower that marked the end of someone’s case of Hanahaki.
Steve shifted, sitting closer to him, so their legs were touching more. It was nice, being grounded like that.
Tony yawned hard, eyes tearing up from the force of it.
Steve felt his cheeks begin to flush. He had to be mistaken about the look in Tony’s eyes. Well, he hoped that Tony would look at him with that kind of heat, but it was way too soon. Tony hadn’t even shown any interest in his courting attempts. Not that many had been successful, but surely he wasn’t that oblivious. Then again, it wasn’t like his flirting was going anywhere. His attempts to cook were disastrous at best.
“Uh.”
Steve gave him an unamused look and made a note to not make enough bacon for breakfast the next time that he was able to cook.
Steve smile and closed his eyes, pulling Tony closer. He took in a deep breath, smelling smoke and fresh air, the scent of hot metal and magic, the honey soap Tony always managed to keep on hand.
He dared not look at it or even touch it. He knew there was scarring around it. He felt the tug and sting of the skin. He felt its weight and its warmth.
“Sure, like someone would want an omega with all my medical problems to carry their children,” Steve snapped back, insecurities coming out like a flood. He couldn’t stop them, even if he wanted to, and he could see where this was going to end: them yelling at each other, their friendship torn to shreds. “Like I could even carry an alpha back to my place!”
Doom Bots were everywhere, causing mayhem and destruction with broken windows, cracked sidewalks, and bent lamp posts. Cars had been tossed around and people were being led away by police officers. A fire truck was already on the scene, putting out a fire. Sam was keeping Doom Bots at bay, allowing the firefighters to contain the flames before they could spread from the car in the street to something like the apartments not too far off.
“Seriously?” Steve laughed. “I’m not that bad.”
“I’m not sure what makes you doubt me,” Natasha replied.
Oh, wow, the grammar there was
Hmm. That person sounded like a doctor.
Peter nodded. “It’s okay. I think the medication is helping a lot. It took a little while to adjust to, but when I take it, it’s like my whole body calms down. I’m not as distracted anymore by little things and I can focus on the stuff that would usually bore me.”
“Okay, okay, maybe not everyone,” he amended. “But it might be a good idea to let us give you some water bottles and vitamins. Maybe some soup. When have you last eaten?”
Pulling up from the water fountain, Peter wiped his mouth. Listening to Ned talk and focusing on the coolness of the water helped. “Yeah, we’re probably going to be burning it and identifying the mineral salts that are making the colors. Maybe something with energy states.”
“She would never!” Bucky gasped. “Maybe on Clint, but not me!”
“Thank you, Peter,” JARVIS said.
in anger.
Maybe Steve would reconsider inviting him to the wedding.
Tony’s eyes suddenly twinkled. “The moon is still lovely, even in a sunlit sky.”
Steve leaned forward and gave Tony a soft, brief kiss.
The sheer amount of love and support Tony had for Peter was just … It always took Steve’s breath away. It reminded him of his own mother, all that she did for him despite their limited means. She gave him everything that she could and then some.
Howard had used Steve to degrade Tony more often than not. As much as his younger self had adored Captain America, there was a knot of resentment not even enacting out a childhood dream could overcome. He was really going to have to work at it, because those words were not Steve. Those words really weren’t even Captain America’s. They were Howard’s baggage.
“I-It’s not that, dad,” he stammered. “Mr. Rogers is awesome. He’s nice—he actually
A wrinkle formed between Steve’s eyebrows. Not quite a scowl, but more like confusion.
So, it was pointed out to me that I didn’t really explain what happened in the previous chapter by Trez26 … Well, I guess it was a good thing, because here’s the continuation! Enjoy!
“Are we sure they’re in love?” Betty asked, not minding the theft.
Antonius yearned for that metal; it was new to him and sounded like it would make working the hard metal he was used to a dream.
kind of surprise. Tony was still trying to wrap his mind around it, trying to figure out some way to
Nope. Not at all.
being transported to the Bank of America Plaza, it had to have been a good one.
“See, that’s part of the reason why I love you,” Tony said. “You’re loyal. You can be kind, but you can be vindictive and I love how you hold grudges. I love it when you get all righteous, unless you disagree with me, because lets’ face it, I’m always right—”
feel the way Steve sometimes felt about himself—
“So, J, got any info on where this terminal is? And what the credentials are? Find me multiple ones so we got options. I want the person we frame to actually be in the building when we do this. No room for error.”
“Lunch in exchange for a smudged painting?” Tony asked, hopeful and eager to please.
Hearing this, as if he didn't care about how skinny he was or that he could more easily catch black lung than the average person who had, oh, he didn’t know, consistent access to clean water, decent food, and medical care …
The man almost dropped the pot of water he was carrying.
“No,” an older man with a mop of brown curls answered. “I tried to get out of it, given that I already have a doctorate, but there’s no exceptions. Too many students have been flunking out and complaining of general anxiety.”
“I hate HYDRA,” the sniper said. “Bunch of melodramatic idiots.”
Oh. Oh no.
“Mrs. Elison just put her foot down,” MJ said, looking back to the chemicals they were supposed to be observing. One of them was starting to turn a different color ever so slowly.
“Well, Pepper’s gonna be pissed at me again. I skipped out on today’s. My PA,” he added after a momentary look of confusion from Steve. “She liked your apple cake.”
As promised, Mrs. Elison returned to the classroom a few minutes later, but Flash was nowhere to be seen.
He never asked for power. He did not make the tools to earn it either.
“Say, Buck, what was your favorite flower again?”
The moment he woke up, he knew something was wrong.
An older gentleman dressed in a fine suit answered the door after a moment, but Steve knew that he was not the lord of the house or even close to it.
“Takes one to know one,” Steve said, but his grin was all light-hearted teasing.
Tony laughed and walked over, while Steve took a moment to look at just what he caught.
Steve flushed. “Buck.”
“I know, I know but—”
“I’ll get a doc on the line when I get there,” Tony said. “But you know what to do best. Just try to that. Fluids, aspirin, whatever.”
ruts.”
Not that he hoped it was Steve in particular or anything.
“Like that?” Tony asked, his voice low.
“Specific technicalities that were created for
He hated them with an absolute
“T-That’s not—!”
Tony broke the kiss, leaving Steve panting and his head reeling.
Steve bit his lip and took the love letters when Bucky handed them back.
Steve frowned a little, but gave a single nod, like he’d known this was coming. “Okay.”
Tony resumed rubbing his hand up and down Steve’s back, the warmth and repetitive movement comforting.
Steve’s head snapped up.
Steve was a wonderful friend. So were their now mutual group of friends, even though their busy schedules reduced them to texting and phone calls more often than actually meeting in person. Maybe all Steve wanted was to be friends and ignoring Tony’s flirting was his way of politely letting him down and not rocking the boat of their friendship too much.
“If anyone asks, I just say my parents couldn’t resist,” Steve protested. “It works. Most people just laugh.”
“Oh my,” Tony said, impersonating George Takei.
Bucky started cracking up.
“A little past eight,” Steve said. “Don’t worry, I already called Pepper and explained that you would be a little late.”
Tony looked down at his tablet, where he was redesigning the armor to not frost after reaching certain altitudes. Sure, JARVIS could easily pull the research and crunch the numbers, but he wanted to do more of it himself and have JARVIS just double check his work. If he was going to screw up, he wanted to screw up personally.
Before it could turn into a full on brawl, and ruin the suit that made Steve look very, very alluring, Tony grabbed him by the elbow, shouted out some sort of ‘gotta go bye!’ and closed the door.
The guard did not look amused though. He drew his gun from his holster and smacked it against his empty palm like a baton. Like it was supposed to be scary. It was just poor gun etiquette if anyone asked him, but they probably wouldn’t.
Tony wondered how differently people were going to regard Steve. How many places he would no longer be welcomed, how many people would edge away from him … Alphas had a somewhat bad reputation, with the common assumptions that they were brash and forceful, had bad tempers, and used their instincts as excuses for doing whatever they wanted. Sure, omegas had their own damaging stereotypes, but Steve was going to have so much to adjust to.
The moon was high above them.
“Rhodey has already been informed,” Pepper continued. “He can’t make it back yet; he is deep in an op now. But he wants to punch some people’s faces in too.”
“You all are being really calm about this,” Steve commented.
“I was called by Mr. Rogers about Eugene and another student getting into an altercation,” Mr. Thompson confirmed. “I was not given any details, but was told that we would meet with the principal.”
“Because the guy always looks at you with hearts in his eyes,” Rhodey deadpanned.
Stiofán looked down at his drawings, curious.
“You’ve been talking to Sam again.”
“Knowing you, you’re going to think too much about it and make it complicated. Just don’t blow something up.”
Oh, he was doomed.
“Careful, Natasha sent me some blackmail,” Tony warned.
The sun was shining. There was still a nip in the air. Spring was on its way. Flowers were only just beginning to bloom, but a predicted frost would kill them all off for another week. Thankfully, inside his favorite coffee shop, there was a respite (turns out faux flowers were immune to frost). Their only florals were various ivies and succulents.
Trying ‘something new’ could also mean his taste buds would forever be offended. Someone was always creating some new concoction, sure it would take the world by storm, but in reality, it was just some sort of flashy gimmick like any other fad.
“Thanks for helping Peter out,” Tony said, skipping usual phone greetings.
“Wouldn’t miss it.”
“What? No.”
Tony rather liked the name ‘Iron Man’, even though it was
“Please, it was a team effort.”
“But!”
“I still made it happen!” Alice protested, her hands on her hips.
that felt amazing. Steve hoped he wouldn’t stop. He let out a moan as Tony continued.
“Kind of rotten,” Scott replied. “I’ve been trying to work on some engineering projects, but I keep sneezing my head off and having to clean up mountains of chrysanthemum petals!”
She gave him a sharp grin and a wave as she headed out the door.
What would happen if this
He hoped that he would be back to his normal self soon.
“Come in,” came Steve’s muffled voice.
No. No, he wasn’t in some grand house in Mayfair, one of the richest well-to-do neighborhoods in all of London. He was standing in the laboratory Tony had told him about, the place he loved best (besides being next to Steve, but that was beside the point). The place he wanted to take him to, to show off his inventions and research and discoveries. He was standing before Tony who was not dressed up in fine silks and velvets, a cravat up to his chin. This was Tony in a loose shirt and pants tucked into thick work boots and covered in soot and grease.
“I remember that design,” Tony said quietly. “I remember working on it.”
So much of it seemed
“The one and only,” Tony replied, a little awe-struck. “You here to bust me out?”
Steve’s break was much too long and way too short.
As much as it pained him, Steve couldn’t resist finding some more books about courting. The self-help section had been growing lately and now that he was a little calmer about the whole thing, he was much more selective. So, on a break, he decided to look through the books there and see if there was something a little more helpful. Even if it was one of those encouraging self-esteem-boosting books that would take maybe twenty minutes to read.
“What?” Tony interrupted, also speaking Gaeilge. “Why not? Is it because of class? Our social standings? You know money means no matter to me. Did you read my letter?”
“Yup. The idiots let me have access to a computer.”
In the end, he could think of a lot of countries that he hadn’t been to yet. About three dozen or so. It was kind of sad, a lot of them were great vacation spots. One of them was Ireland and that got him thinking about how he couldn’t bring Steve into messes like these. It was bad enough that he had Pepper and Rhodey as possible targets for his enemies.
She was dirty and tired, but grinning with pride. Everyone else was proud as well, as this stag would add to their winter stores considerably and provide some more hide to make clothes and water skins with. Fresh water was abundant in these lands, with the many rivers and frequent rains, but it was difficult at times to go the river when the mud was thick and cold. Antonius was finding himself wanting to stay in the caves and near the fire on such days, listening to stories and keeping his feet wrapped in a wool blanket.
“Besides them all thinking I was unconscious for about an hour, my father was Howard Stark. You don’t think one of the original members of SHIELD wouldn’t keep records somewhere? Records his insanely curious kid could potentially break into?”
“Kiddo,” Tony groaned. “You don’t need to worry about my love life. I’m
“So?” Tony drawled, putting a stop to those thoughts before he spiraled. “You got a blue screen of death or something?”
“Come again?” Tony asked.
The principal gave him a flat look. “That is not the point, Mr. Thompson. Destruction and theft of property goes against our school policies. Where is the book now?”
He flushed when he saw Steve just … looking at him.
Tony’s flower had always been a little unusual. Instead of the double petal variety florists often used for weddings, his were the older and more traditional flower, most commonly known as a buttercup. Everyone knew what a buttercup looked like; it was a common flower all around the world and considered a weed, especially because it was poisonous to livestock.
Immense hotness aside, Tony hoped that Mr. Rogers would continue to be a good thing for Peter.
Knowing Tony was deep in research and problem solving, and even though he was frustrated, he wasn’t reaching any sort of breaking point. Steve went over to one of the windows on the other side of the room and looked out over the city so he wouldn’t break Tony’s concentration.
He lost a few more hours staring at the Iron Man helmet.
“Good.”
Tony looked up from the mess of wires he was picking apart and putting back together. “Huh?”
When teachers turned a blind eye. When ‘friends’ said to suck it up.
And he was determined to communicate effectively with Steve about this.
Tony nodded, satisfied. Then he remembered that Peter would be graduating from sixth grade in a few months. He knew that was at least one hundred days away, but he also knew that time would fly by in the blink of an eye.
“Mm, not necessarily. Some people can be idiots.”
“Quit what? I didn’t say anything!”
“I’m not sure we ever laid any rules,” Bucky quipped, absolutely smug.
He still didn’t take it off until he got back home.
found out that he wasn’t the kid they were hoping for, whatever that was. But Tony couldn’t change the past. He could only make up for it now and do better in the future.
not being Monet’s best work.”
Steve was quiet for a moment, but more contemplative than shocked. “I felt awful. Everything bothered me until it got to the point where it was almost painful. So I … I don’t know what I did. I didn’t kill anyone, did I?”
One of the strange quirks of their society was Alpha’s Night: the one night a year when omegas could kick off the courting process themselves. Traditions varied a little from place to place, but typically, it came down to the ancient practice of literally kidnapping an alpha. How the said alpha was kidnapped was left up to historical records and scholarly debate, but for the most part, Steve thought it was a load of bull. People claimed that these days, it was all in good fun and cited how most couples who ‘got together’ on Alphas’ Night didn’t stay together.
Tony clapped his hands on Peter’s shoulders, cutting him off from what might have been the beginnings of a nervous spiraling.
“What is—”
“What are you doing?” someone exclaimed, shoving past them. “There’s a fire!”
Flash was slouching in his seat, his hands shoved deep in his pockets, looking away.
“You missed one,” Natasha said, giving him a smirk as she plucked the pink petal off of his shoulder.
Tony could hear the sniper say something, but the static of the voice over and Tony’s own coughs prevented him from making the words out. He tried to wipe some of the dust off of his face and out of his eyes, but it was useless. It just smeared or rose up in dust clouds again.
“So,” Steve drawled, his cheeks flushing. “Wanna go see a movie? Dinner? And not just because it’s Alpha’s Night?”
The man sneered. “That’s on a need to know basis, but you should be smart enough to find the errors in the code. But if you’re not or you do anything to sabotage what is there … we will know and you won’t be the only one paying.”
He cursed his luck and started racing up the stairs, sticking close to the wall in hopes that even if someone looked up, they wouldn’t see him right away.
“But Flash is—!”
Mr. Thompson nodded, then looked to Peter. “And I am sorry about your book, Peter. I hope it gets repaired soon. I know it cannot be replaced.”
knew that as long as it was well made, she didn’t care about its pedigree.
Many of the parents and students clapped afterwards, with Tony clapping the hardest. His heart was bursting with absolute pride, chest swelling and everything. Peter had worked so hard on this project for the last week and his efforts absolutely showed. There was absolutely no sign of his nightly panicking and the shaking of his hands as he held his cue cards was minimal.
“Today?” Peter was biting his lip nervously, like Tony would say no.
“Enjoy.”
Tony tried to keep it in, keep all of the secrets to himself, and shoulder the entire world alone. But he couldn’t. He couldn’t take it like a man and deal with it. He couldn’t push it down and forget about it or drown it out with alcohol and work. He could barely look at a schematic for those first two weeks, let alone ensure that no one ever touched him again.
Memorizing order
He poured on the speed and arrived right in the thick of the battle.
There was silence after Peperi and Actus finished.
Peter’s face started to flush. “Um. I—you see, it’s really not that bad, I promise—”
Tony glanced at all of the papers: letters from banks, tax forms, and a dozen other things. It looked messy, horribly messy and complicated. He wasn’t sure what was going on here, but he was pretty sure that someone should be fired for those interest rates. No, someone was going to get fired, because this was absolutely criminal.
“Courting is a subject people write books on that can be found at the library, yes.”
That morning, he had spent half an hour coughing up miniature daisies and violets.
“Then you haven’t seen his
“You are amazing,” Stiofán said, his eyes wide.
Apparently that was called being demisexual, but he didn’t concern himself too much with labels either. He understood some people found comfort in them and they helped explain complicated situations in just a few words, but his therapist said that labels could do the opposite. In the end, what was important, they stressed, was communication.
If he threw it out there for the whole world to know, the tabloids might have a field day, but the person in love with him might realize this and fess up.
“You were threatening to take Apple for all it was worth yesterday.”
Tony swallowed thickly, turned around, and started typing.
Steve blinked and stared.
“Are you serious?” Tony exclaimed. “Anyone who would say no to you is an idiot!”
“How’s it going?” Steve asked.
His ears rang.
“I’ll be okay,” Tony murmured, pressing a kiss to his shoulder. “We’ll figure this out.”
He thought it was going to be filled with accusations, with someone telling him that Peter was a poor student, had lack of impulse-control, and was too energetic. A troublemaker, a disruption. Never mind that he was getting bullied, if he paid more attention in class and stopped talking, everyone would treat him normally and there wouldn’t
Stiofán and the others looked back and forth between each other, bewildered.
Peter’s cheeks reddened some more and he fumbled with his presentation board awkwardly. Steve helped him not trip over his feet and then proceeded to announce the next classmate.
Screw Hanahaki and the death sentence it gave him. He had better things to do.
They agreed to keep it quiet for now. Then Tony had JARVIS back the email and its trace up to a server that would require a very long password from him. It would be impossible for him to remember the string of numbers and letters, but that was the price of security. JARVIS then went the extra mile and scrubbed everything he could without breaking the internet. If someone came snooping around, they wouldn’t find anything.
“What?” Tony asked, his eyebrows shooting up into his hairline. “You? No way.”
Peter was quiet until they got into the car and the doors were shut.
“Oh,” Thor said, apologetic. He handed Steve his drink, which helped the slight burn in his throat. “I am sorry, Steve. I did not mean to cause this.”
“Okay. Do you remember what happened after you woke up?”
So, no one else knew how he survived. No one else knew about the arc reactor in his chest or how he was developing better versions of it
“You coulda just asked, Tony. I woulda shown you how to do it.”
“Happy 51st birthday, plus one day, Sir.”
“Help? No! Well, yes. Maybe. See, thing is. I’m the black sheep, right? Disappointment to the Stark name, good-for-nothing layabout who refuses to do as he’s told and take up the family business like the first son ought to.”
“Just…just stay right there. Hold that thought. I’m gonna get what I need.”
,” Nat quips at once. She looks up at Tony with a sly smirk, and Tony points at her.
“‘Cause you, uh…” Steve turns back and finds Tony has taken a few steps closer. He gestures up at his nose and then says, “you got a little something. Just here.” Then points at his cheek. “And here.” And then at his hair just in front of his ear. “Here too.”
“I know what I said. I just…I’d made plans, you know? Good plans.”
“Of course, Sir.”
plays on TV. Another spindly light strand is wrapped around the iron bars of their balcony, winking cheekily in the Boston snow.
“I’m not gonna pinch you, Tony.”
Straightening in the chair, Steve takes the tray and steadies it. Tony brushes a kiss against his forehead and then heads back to his own armchair. “Too bad there’s no love seat,” he says as he settles and pulls up his own tray. “We could’ve snuggled.”
“I’m right here.”
“Soviet spy sent here to look for the same thing I was looking for. We ran into each other, and since our goals align…” Tony shrugged against Steve’s back, his hand dipping below the water to where Steve’s cock was already half-hard again. “She’s deadly, probably not trustworthy, but for some reason, I trust her.”
“Absolutely not. This sounds too juicy. What is it?”
“Steve? Steve, honey, I don’t think this is a good—“
“So I was hoping I could borrow some cleaning supplies and some food that is neither coffee nor doughnuts so that they think I’m actually taking care of my place and eating right.”
will make Steve cry.
“Sleep,” he said again, now a command. As if to make it a reality, he shifted in his bed, turning onto his other side and pulling the blankets into a tight burrito around him. He closed his eyes and tried to focus on his breathing. It was all going to be fine. Just get some shut-eye and then work on tweaks. And Clint’s arm guards. And a stronger stretch material for Bruce’s pants. Something flame retardant.
They play another round of cards before Steve begins to feel exhausted again, and then Tony clears everyone out like they’re a pack of vermin. Night is falling outside, the snow is coming down harder, and Tony switches on
“Wow,” Tony mumbled, kissing at Steve’s ear because it was in easy reach. “Wow.” Steve turned and fumbled into a sloppy kiss, his hand running through Tony’s hair. The sweet taste of artificial peach sent Tony laughing, helplessly turning away.
“Wait, what?” says Tony squelching up behind him. “What about the cabin in Vermont?”
Steve dashes back across the hall and calls Sam, Bucky, and Natasha. “I need the cavalry,” he tells them and then exits again, locking his door behind him. He makes his way back into Tony’s place and finds Tony standing in the center of the chaos looking profoundly confused. Steve points imperiously at the sheet metal and says, “First thing’s first. Let’s get this shit organized. Do exactly what I tell you.”
Steve’s barely got a groan for a response, but Tony sees quick enough what the problem is.
Find me on
“Tony, you…” Steve can’t laugh. He can’t. He needs to hold it in for Tony’s sake. Just a gentle smile and a quiet whisper in his ear to let him know. Tony blinks and raises his eyebrows inquisitively and the lines of black on his face move with his skin. Steve presses his lips together and bites down hard to keep from laughing. It's just…
“Tiiiime.”
“Peaches. You, my peaches.”
, too, so clearly it’s more than just the Alzheimer’s storyline.). In his free time, Steve looks at pictures of homeless baby kittens on the internet and tweets about them, begging New York to adopt, as well as spay and neuter their pets. He reads novels that have tawdry harlequin covers and absolutely doesn’t flinch when Tony teases him about it. Steve Rogers is quite possibly the most hopeless romantic on the planet.
“Through radio waves?”
“Tony!”
“I already have a list of several likely candidates, Sir. There’s a young woman at MIT, up-and-coming, who seems particularly promising.”
what it is you ask? For you, an adventure! For us, life and death! I hope you find your American! I hope you learn what our fear is!”
“So what do you say?” Steve says, hope tipping his lips up. “Date?”
“And you’re the one who made love to them right in the middle of the kitchen.”
Steve grins and steps up so he can gingerly slip his arm around Tony’s shoulder. “Well, I’m not sure about that. Pretty sure you have to be able to do your own laundry to sit at the big kids’ table.”
“Hi,” says the guy, and Steve freezes, now definitely wishing that he’d thrown on a shirt because it’s hot mechanic guy from next door. Hot mechanic guy waves awkwardly and then runs his hands through his hair. He’s black up to his elbows, and Steve watches in fascination as the engine grease makes hot guy’s hair spike up.
“Are you…ok?”
“Tony?”
Steve snorts and sighs in relief as the pitcher finally manages to strike out a third batter. The teams switch places, and it might be top of the fourth, but the Mets are already dragging their heels as they head into their dugout.
The call for departure came at 20:00, and he met Bucky on the airfield, boarding a rickety prop plane that would carry them deep into enemy territory. Bucky looked energized by the prospect of a mission, and Steve, too, felt a certain sense of anticipation. Maybe, with such a long journey back to safe territory, he and Tony’s heated affair might deepen into something stronger, something more committed. Steve allowed himself to daydream on the notion as the plane soared through clouded skies. Five hours later, they were over their drop zone, and Steve and Bucky jumped into the black night.
As if caught on a tow line, he turned and gravitated toward the painting. There she was, certainly older, but no less beautiful, no less poised. Her lips, as always, done in their candy-apple red. Her dark hair shot through with silver. The artist had minimized lines at the corners of her eyes and mouth , but they were still there. Her hands were folded demurely in her lap, the nails done in a red to match her mouth. Something inside him clenched and released at the same time, a contradictory study in movement. He still ached for her like it was the first time, like he was seeing her smile at him on that dusty field in Jersey all over again.
“Babe. Think of my clothes. My beautiful clothes.”
“Can you…” he swallows hard and starts again. “Can you hand me that piece of sheet metal?”
“Oh, honey. You didn’t kill it. It…this kind of thing happens with real trees. They’re already dying when you buy them, and sometimes they turn brown before Christmas gets here. We…probably should’ve given it food, or something. I think you’re supposed to give them food. Shoot. I didn’t think of it when we were out last weekend.”
Steve frowns into his stew and hesitates, unsure if these descriptions are neutral or jaded with a careful veneer of disaffection. If they’re neutral, that’s one thing. But if Tony is bitter about the holidays and hiding it, that’s another. It’s their first Christmas together as a couple—last year their relationship had been too new and they’d decided to do their own thing—and that means putting together a bunch of family traditions to try and make it work. Steve had always thought this would be fun—he’d liked doing it with Peggs and her British Christmas—but from what Tony’s describing, there’s not much they can pull in from his side. Oh god…
“But you were the one who said—“
Tony’s hands on his shoulders. Tony’s eyes before his.
“Hi,” Tony managed, somehow bypassing the sudden and huge lump of nerves in his throat.
For some reason, Steve was reminded of the rumors he’d heard last year about a German officer, Kriminalrat Blut. Blut, it had been rumored among the ranks, claimed he was a vampire, that he drank blood, was active only at night, and could transform into any number of things, including bats, wolves, and mist. Like many of the occult rumors flying around Hitler’s upper echelons, Philips had been dismissive, but Tony, Steve remembered, had been a little more apprehensive.
“Was that what this whole weekend was about?” Steve asks, leaning back just far enough that he can look up into Tony’s eyes.
“It’s just nerves,” Tony mumbled. Stupid contract. He didn’t want Hammer Industries getting it. Not Bain either. They’d try to weaponize it and that would be bad. Very bad. Had he checked the color protocols against the video footage? What if the bot had identified the wrong colors? What if, in the dark, it couldn’t make out color input? Tony hadn’t designed a night vision camera. Maybe he should—
Steve lifts a knowing eyebrow and then snaps down the visor of his helmet. Tony does the same and then fastens the collar of his leather jacket. That is something Steve was absolutely unwilling to compromise on, even though he always rides around New York like a maniac, armed with only a T-shirt and sheer luck, helmet laws be damned. Today though, they are both decked out in riding leathers and heavy-duty blue jeans. Tony swings on behind Steve, cinching his hands around Steve’s lean waist. Through the helmet mic he says, “Let’s go, Hot Stuff.”
Steve and Tony spend their first Christmas together.
“Love you, grease monkey.”
“Who’s,” Tony yawned over the “oo” and tried again. “Who’s gonna keep up with me?”
He watched Bucky’s six as they entered back to back, Steve swinging the door shut behind them. Bucky skirted the edge of the inner courtyard, approaching the huge wood double doors covered with ornate wrought-iron filigree. Above them, the stone parapets loomed huge, and the rain picked up even more, lashing in sheets. “Stevie, I feel like we’ve walked straight into one of your cheesy pulp novels!” Bucky shouted over the din of the storm, no longer afraid of being heard given that any sensible person would be sheltering indoors.
“You, Steve? Intimidating.”
Tony’s hands on his shoulders, nails digging deep and drawing blood through the silk. Around him, the vampires circled, slavering, fangs flashing, hands touching him everywhere. Steve gulped air as he was forced to his knees, the weight of Tony’s will coming to bear on his. With a last gasp, Steve reached for his childhood, for words which were etched into his tongue.
Tony continues talking even as Steve gathers up supplies and starts heaping them into his fabric supermarket bags. He snatches his vacuum out of the closet, and turns to Tony, offering everything he’s got.
Could he be saved? Could the others? How did one cure vampirism? Steve wracked his brain, trying to remember
Tony your feelings. In short simple words. Multiple times. He’ll never believe you’re into him if you don’t. He’s too self-deprecating for anything else.”
“Your German must have gotten better then.”
“Better wait ’til Mary’s been and gone. Don’t want to give her a free show.”
“What is the asset, Sir?”
“Holy shit,” Tony breathes, just as frenzied as Steve, his hands clutching at shoulders, hair, neck, back. He comes with a bitten whimper, his teeth sharp on his lips, and Steve nearly comes again at just the sight, even though he’s already gone soft.
On cat feet, Tony creeps to the edge of the hallway and peeks in. Steve and Bucky are sitting on the couch, watching a baseball game. Steve’s leaning forward, his chin in his hands, shoulders tense. Bucky’s draped across the back of the couch, completely at ease, like a king presiding over his court. He’s watching Steve with a lazy shark grin.
He hesitated at a branch, wondering if he should turn back or keep going, when a painting caught his attention from the corner of his eye. Something about the eyes. It was always something about the eyes, wasn’t it?
Her reply is instantaneous.
“Ruin all the fun, why don’t you, Tony,” Nat says, but her tone is good-natured and she waltzs over to Steve with little fanfare. “I would’ve given them back in the morning.”
By the time he makes it to the apartment, he’s ready to fall over. He hopes Tony isn’t home, wanting to delay the inevitable disappointment, but his luck clearly was used up long before December rolled around, because Tony’s on the sofa clicking away at his laptop.
Something cracked in Steve’s mind. The twisting thread had grown into a writhing snake, and finally, it was pushing out of its box. Blut. Vampires. The ache in Steve’s neck redoubled, and suddenly, he wondered if what he felt wasn’t a lovebite at all. Ice trickled down his neck as he glanced around again, now mindlessly shoveling food into his mouth as reality descended on him, and the horror of what he was seeing gradually became clear.
He glances down for a kiss, but Tony’s already out like a light.
And Steve answered, amazingly, swiftly, when had he even slid the condom on? When had he lost his jeans and underwear? It didn’t matter. He was out at sea with Tony. He was inside him just like that, almost too much, and above Tony, he groaned, freezing with the first breech.
Steve reaches up and touches those spots, becomes conscious for the first time of the paint that's crusted dry there. “Oh god,” he murmurs, smiling in self-deprecation. “I guess I really did get in the zone.”
“But once I started thinking about that, I thought ‘Well, that’s easy enough.’ Being with the ones you love, I mean. So I just called everyone up and told them what was going on, and they all, well, you saw. And it’s dumb, but it really, it really meant a lot to me. That they’d move all their schedules and come and be with us just because I asked. Steve, it’s…it’s the best damn Christmas gift I’ve ever gotten, falling in love with you and getting to know your friends and making this family together. I can’t thank you enough for it.” Tony’s crying a little, his voice choked and tears trickling down his cheeks, but he’s happy. His smile stretches from ear to ear.
Tony snickered into his skin and held him tighter, squeezing him a little. “I’ll stick to all our lovely rations.”
“’Cause you’re leaving. ‘Cause I’m not good to you. Wasn’t enough.”
“What time is it anyway?” Tony asks, sitting up and giving Steve an eyeful of flexed abdomen and blacksmith’s muscle.
Right up until it’s not. A week later, Steve comes home ready for another weekend of the Christmas list to find Tony standing in front of the tree, crying.
“It’s strange. But nice. I’d love it either way, though.”
“You saved my ass. Seriously. I don’t know how to thank you. How do normal, non-rich people thank each other?”
Thor nods and laughs and agrees and then promptly bails on paying for their dinner to return the bird to Asgard. The cheapskate. It doesn’t really matter. Steve’s hand is warm in Tony’s, the ring a heady reminder on his finger. Tony has JARVIS order pizza, and he and Steve retire to a guest room, where the night continues on more or less as Tony planned it except with less chocolate and more sappy grinning. He maybe cries and grins during
“Yes,” Tony hissed, rising to his feet as if floating.
“Why didn’t you get his number, Rogers?” he mutters at himself, glaring at the silver lettering on the door. He tries knocking again, so loudly that Tony’s neighbor pokes her head out and glares.
“Tony!” Bucky shouts. “Hey look, Steve, it’s Tony!”
“Uh huh.”
“Yeah?”
control. We drove him from here. He’s somewhere else now.”
An eternity later, Tony did come down, though he clung to the beautiful haze of where he’d been, letting it fill his body with easy lassitude. Steve was on top of him, chest-to-chest, still inside. His warm breath spread across the thick muscle of Tony’s trapezius, which ached with the first twinges of a love bite.
In Colonel Phillips’ tent, he stood at attention while Phillips chewed a cigar and stared angrily down at missive after missive. “Churchill wants you in the Carpathians. Disputed territory on the Hungarian-Romanian border. Heavy shelling. We lost a major asset there and haven’t been able to reestablish contact since we started bombing.”
“You said yes,” he crooned, touching Steve’s jaw. “You will be mine. Ours. All of us together. Forever.”
With a hum, Steve finished his drawing of the puffin and returned to the sea, flipping through another three pages in rapid succession before sighing and sitting back a little, looking at out the slowly brightening world. He glanced down and caught Tony looking up at him.
As though a whistle had been blown, the team leaped into action. Clint slung his arm over Tony’s shoulders and turned to look at Steve. Nat was already at the refrigerator, pulling out a gallon of milk. Bruce brushed past them both going…Tony wasn’t sure where. He blinked and when next he looked, Steve was right in front of him.
“I doubt it. I’m still in black sheep land, and I think they’re maybe going to Cancun or something.”
It’s as he’s letting go of the door handle that he hears it.
He sets his brush down momentarily and turns to face Tony. “Yeah. Yeah that would be nice.”
“Oh, Tony,” he whispered, his hands on Tony’s cheeks, loving, cherishing, still wet from lube and saliva. The very thought sent Tony reeling and he arched up into the heat of Steve’s body, yearning for more, deeper, harder,
Sweating and wracked with nerves, he finishes his break with no game plan for this, the most important part, and returns to his cubicle. Around two o’clock, Carol stops by with some documents and glances down at him. “Are you feeling okay? You’re sweating up a storm. And you look pale.” Before he can answer, she presses a hand to his forehead. “Holy shit, Steve. That’s a hell of a fever.”
“Somebody would’ve said something, I’m sure,” Steve murmurs. He's still smiling, but he puts his hands on Tony’s shoulders, kneading at them gently. “They wouldn’t have let you talk to them with a streak of grease all the way down your face.”
, Steve heard behind Tony’s words. After a moment longer looking at Peg’s too-sharp eyes, he turned to Tony. “I bet she’s real proud of you.”
, his fingers
Steve turns in the doorway and catches Tony’s eye, leaning against the doorjamb and crossing his arms. The movement has the intended effect when Tony freezes, his eyes trained on Steve’s biceps and pecs.
“Told me what?”
“No, that’s not…” Steve stops, shakes his head, and relocates his hands to his hips. “Can I help you?” he repeats.
Steve answered, groaning and shifting his weight, getting better leverage, pressing in and in and out and in.
Tony’s workspace looked thirty years ahead of its time. Huge screens filled the walls, full color emblazoning them all. Tiny reams of tape, no bigger than a quarter, spun in bank after bank of processors. The keyboards at each station were done up in no language Steve could recognize, their array of choices certainly larger than your standard twenty-six letters and other odds and ends. In the corner, a robot suddenly rumbled to live, approaching on heavy treads a tray of tools aloft its tripod structure.
“Tony,” Steve says, catching him by the shoulders and squeezing reassuringly, “it’s ok. Let’s just order a pizza and have a beer or something. We can have date night some other time. Some time when we haven’t just hauled fifty gallons or more of water.”
“That…” Tony wheezes between spasms of delight “was—priceless. Ohmygod.” He’s laughing so hard sound is no longer coming from his throat, it’s just contraction after contraction of his abdomen and the tears leaking from his eyes. “What—a—mouth—on you—Rogers.”
Once they were well away from the farmhouse, Bucky finally spoke. “That was strange, right?”
Trailing off into silence, Tony stared up at Peg’s portrait, and Steve’s heart ached a little harder. He knew Howard had changed in the many years since the war, but he was never quite sure in what ways. Steve could barely even imagine a Howard Stark who wasn’t joking and laughing.
“I remember all that hair on your chest, curly, cute.”
“We are?”
a dork.”
And the hurt was as if it was Steve’s own, his own heart aching with the words, squeezing like he was a skinny beanpole all over again. “Panem nostrum cotidianum…da…da…” Pushing against the weight became harder still. He didn’t want to hurt Tony. He loved him. Why was he doing this?
“But he was right. There.”
“There,” he says, looking back down at Tony. “Now we match.”
to remember this.
“Just throw it out. It’s ruined. By Christmas, it’s just gonna look like a stick.”
He spent the next half hour in the shower, getting very friendly with his hand and wondering if the whole thing had been a jet-lag induced fever dream. Had that really happened? Had Steve really…gone down on a peach? In the kitchen? All while Tony watched? Surely not.
“He found me,” Steve replies, leaning against the wall and grinning at them all. Now that all the mechanical wares are organized into plastic tubs and drawers in the guest room, Tony’s place is actually pretty large, and the windows make it nice and sunny. Steve is wishing he was on this side of the building just for the great light.
. "Oh, how the mighty have fallen."
"What the hell is your problem, lady?"
'It wasn't our fault', just like 'wherever you go there is war, ruin, and death'— absolving themselves of the blame, of the consequences of decisions made. He was
Even someone who was literally a trained professional, even if not for this field in particular— and despite his eidetic memory, he
Clint shifted awkwardly. "In my defense, I was only around for part of it."
"—ad this appointment booked for weeks, just what kind of business are you people running?" Howard Stark continued berating the poor receptionist manning the front desk, and he couldn't help but frown from behind his newspaper.
Phil Coulson cut in. "We've run the numbers. Things have been kept on track so far, and in all likelihood will be the trigger for any memories he has— just like Budapest was for us. It's not as big a risk as you're making out to be."
"Jesus, Hill, when's the last time you took a break?"
Tony's voice modifier made his snort sound like garbled static, but Agent smiled regardless. "Yeah, that wouldn't have flown, he
On Midgard, Loki was never in any given place for more than a handful of days.
Oh, but
] face.
At that, Hill's face went blank and her shoulders stiffened, before deliberately relaxing. Then she put down her pen and the notepad she'd been writing on, and whirled on Clint.
“Where is Lord Anthony?” Thor asked, looking around the table in search for the missing face with a faint frown.
Something had gone terribly wrong.
Phil Coulson raised a hand to rub at his temples. "I mean exactly what I said—"
But abroad...Bucky breathed a sigh of relief when he saw the headlines proclaiming the birth of Howard Stark's son, though he had a brief flare of panic when he tried to recall if Tony had been born in 1970 or 1974 in the world he remembered. Well, either way it didn't matter now; at least he was
"...point."
"You used the Tesseract."
...however, that did not mean he was completely heartless: loathe as he was to admit it, Loki had a soft spot for children.
Here's the thing: Maria Stark was not 'just' a pretty face. Was not some sweet little thing who knew when to keep her head down, was not some demure young woman who didn't know what she was getting into when she married one of the most prominent warmongers in America.
found himself kicking himself for not having thought to research further on mental health during medical school because he could count on one hand just how many times he'd needed to use organic chemistry throughout the entirety of his career but none of it was of any help right now, when Tony needed him.
some parallels. Also ties with civil rights, because this 'Brotherhood' reminds me of stuff I read about Malcolm X
as if Tony was just overreacting to a simple request [
she’d last closed her eyes in 2018 but her knee-jerk reaction was to blurt out a very, very different date, and her headache was threatening to become a full-blown migraine because suddenly, Maria could
being pushy about it."
"...you're crazy, you know that? I could be a serial killer for all you know."
]...if nothing else, he was confident his mom would be proud of his resolve.
"We saw what you did to the Dark Elves." Their Spider said conversationally as he sipped his coffee in...the locals called it Delhi, now. Funny, how things changed when he wasn't paying attention.
After all, one of the biggest names in philanthropy was still in the coma she'd been in after the accident— and the odds of her ever waking up were...not good. Meanwhile, the man responsible for her condition walked out of the same hospital with nothing but a scowl, a limp, and a slap on the wrist to show for his wife's condition.
sabotaging a project there...
She gave him a tired look. "Tony Stark could get annoying, but at least you could count on him to pull through when the chips were down. Reed Richards is a mess of hyperefixations that means he
Once upon a time, Tony had been
Howard Stark had not stopped searching since.
, and only learn how to express it in certain ways.
Well. First things first: time to gather information.
] time, and…even if he’s terrified at the prospect of Thanos coming, he just.
to fix everything I could. Howard Stark’s alive, for crying out loud. You’re welcome, by the way.”
“Sorry, I just need to check on something. Be right back,” he called before they could even reach him, and then the man who had been struggling with magic in combat not the day before had confidently thrown himself into the portal he’d made with an absent gesture.
Natasha delicately picked through the pile of newspaper clippings in front of her, and raised an eyebrow. "This 'Magneto' guy sure was busy, wasn't he."
did you steal the Tesseract, the Allfather had been about to—"
"Thanks for the help back there." Maria said casually as she let the complete stranger out of her trunk in an otherwise-empty parking garage.
From here, there are three options:
“Goddamnit Rogers, you were supposed to pay attention during the briefing.” Director Fury snapped. “
“No way.” The Archer breathed, pale as a sheet even as he white-knuckled his chair. “You remember too?”
], and he resolutely did not want to think of how much shit Sam would give him for winding up in multiple conspiracy theories— but for the most part? It was worth it.
Howard was tall and powerful and charismatic, whereas Logan was a grumpy bastard who could
"Oh, no. I know your kind."
This was a completely different timeline, the Eye of Agamotto had been safely hidden away during Kaecilius' attack and thus should not have been able to do anything without a wielder.
my legal department."
Bucky scowled. “Look, at least I was
If anyone had told Peter Parker he'd be regularly patrolling with
Notes:
Logan, 'Wolverine' Logan] as a bit of an uncle figure.
when he'd had to deal with his father trying to drag him back into his circle of influence using just about every dirty trick in the book short of kidnapping? When
but turns out that punching Nazis is something everyone else can get behind.
Point is, being asked for help was nothing new, working with random groups of people was old hat at this point.
"Sir, we don't know if he will remember—"
Staring at a young Prince T’Challa and a fast-approaching-middle-age King T’Chaka, however, he realized he had fucked up.
the clock was ticking.
“You did that just by memory?” Clint sounded impressed. “And here I can barely remember what I had for lunch last week.”
“Oh, this and that.” Bucky gestured vaguely. “Tried to avert an assassination here, undid a sabotage there.”
"Hey—" Coulson started, only to freeze at her glare.
The woman who formerly went by the name of Maria Stark hadn't planned to adopt an amnesiac stranger when she set out to run her errands, that particular morning.
The yelp he got as he made his appearance known was satisfyingly loud.
It hadn’t happened [
"So we're giving him the benefit of the doubt?"
Because in this life, Stark Industries became the battleground for a cold war as father and son fought for control of the company.
He'd shared some of what he'd seen last time with Loki, who'd gotten a scary look for a moment before he'd smiled brightly and said he'd take care of it.
And if he hadn't already gotten an inkling from 'Hawkeye' about just who these guys were with, the SHIELD logo on her suit erased all doubt. Tony tilted his head for a moment as the ground trembled
“What’s the emergency?” Natasha asked, eyes sharp and spine straight.
Mordo moved to help as well, but his attention was caught by the familiar gleam of something gold around Strange’s neck. But wait, that couldn’t be right—
That’s not even the worst part, though: to add insult to injury, Tony walks away with everything he had to his name, turns around, and promptly starts up a company of his own. No relation to Stark Industries, just technology and AI and whatever it is his mind leads him to and fully aware of just how
He can’t, anymore, he’d barely managed to pull through last time, asking him to do
"We knew you and Thor had a plan, but you shouldn't have, we had it under control—"
First was the migraine courtesy of remembering another universe [
Hill made a noise of affirmation. "Kids getting kicked out of homes and there's people talking about 'cures', there are
Said a
Within 36 hours, HYDRA burned, SI was put under more scrutiny than ever before, and it would take months for Howard to realize his heir had never arrived to the boarding school he'd had him shipped off to.
