As John followed the officer down the corridor, he could hear muffled voices every now and then, giving him clues as to who the inmates were. Common drunks and thieves. And Harry was among them. The officer stopped outside cell thirteen and selected a key on his belt before sliding it into the hole and unlocking the door.
"He's my friend," he mumbled in numb pain. A moan passed through him, not unlike a trapped and wounded animal. Deep, instinctive. "Please, he's my friend, please."
The man was silent, angry. John could tell he was angry by the faint quivering of his body and the way he gripped the knife. Finally, he spoke, still trying to maintain his Irish accent which has begun to slip a little in his fury. "But am I really?"
But Harry was gone in a whirlwind of fury. John sagged in Sherlock's arms, tears falling freely and soaking into his shirt. He moaned like an animal in pain and it sank right into Sherlock's bones. He slowly lowered John to the floor and knelt with him, just holding him as if it might stop him from physically breaking. John curled like a child into Sherlock, seeking solace with the one man who might understand.
John didn't quite know what to say. Was Sherlock mad? Was he happy? John wasn't very good at figuring out what emotion, if any, Sherlock was feeling and the little frown wasn't helping matters. For one thing, it distracted John immensely because it made the space between Sherlock's eyebrows scrunch together in little ripples and eyes to become slightly shadowed. It also was Sherlock's occasional poker face, hiding what he really thought of something. Or, it was his confused face which John rather thought it might have been.
There were several crying children on the bus, three seats in front of him, and he wished their mother would shush them. They were far too old to be sobbing about the deficit of sugary drinks in their mother’s handbag at any rate and (the doctor in John frowned disapprovingly), sugary drinks really shouldn't have been an option with their young teeth. It would only lead to rot and decay and several trips to the dentist as well as to the doctor for something to settle stomachs dealing with too much acid.
"I shall deduce it," Mycroft announced, trying and failing to sound superior in that moment.
With that, he flung himself up again and left the room, padding up the stairs to fetch Rosie. She was sitting up in her cot, little fists clutching the bars. Instead of crying, she was babbling incoherently, seeming to enjoy making sounds with her mouth. John waved at her and then covered his eyes with his hands.
"That's the problem," John bit his lip and then took a deep breath. "Harry, we need to get you properly dried out and on the right track."
"Yeah," John said happily. "She is."
Sherlock arrived home later that day with two wrapped packages tucked into his coat. He placed them carefully under the Christmas tree, positioning them at the peak of the mountain of gifts, arranging them so their name tags faced outwards. John didn't say a word, knowing Sherlock would get huffy otherwise. Instead, he grinned giddily (Christmas really was coming!) and continued folding his shirts. Mrs Hudson had insisted on cooking dinner so she was banging around in the kitchen with Harry, who, as it transpired, was very interested in cooking. Mrs Hudson had taken to Harry almost at once and John was glad. Hopefully Harry saw the family atmosphere and preferred that to the bottle. She was doing really well, not complaining to John once, nor trying to sneak out. Something about talking to Sherlock had changed something in her. John was more than glad. Harry more than deserved to have a better life and John knew she'd hated what she had done to herself. He knew that every time she caved to the lure of booze, she hated herself that little bit more.
"It was my favourite story as a kid," he explained. "I used to read it all the time. I guess it just got branded into my brain."
John whipped his head up in surprise and nearly spilled his coffee. Lestrade stood by his shoulder with an odd expression on his face and his hair ruffled slightly.
"Cute!" yelled Harry from behind them before dissolving into giggles. Sherlock drew away, face flushing with embarrassment and John shot Harry a withering look only used between siblings.
"Hello," John said, rushing forwards to take the bag before she dropped it. He placed it by the doors to the kitchen and then gave Molly a quick hug. "Merry Christmas."
"Yeah," John said. "Yeah, he said to tell you that he was sorry."
Sherlock headed into the kitchen to put the scissors away and dispose of the stitches. When he returned, his face was impassive and he sat in his chair, looking at John who raised his eyebrows. Sherlock clearly had something on his mind. He steepled his fingers and rested his chin on them. John could almost hear the cogs in his brain whirring.
“How come Doctor Lestrade talks directly to you?”
"Mycroft," Sherlock said in surprise, stepping away from the door a little so that all those sitting at the table could see the impeccably dressed elder Holmes brother. "What're you doing here?"
"Love," Sherlock spoke the word clearly, angrily and concisely, as if it were an enemy he was finally facing after years of running. And perhaps he was. Love was something Sherlock had never professed to feel, never said he understood. Sherlock, in John's knowledge, had never willingly loved another human being the way John had loved Mary. This didn't look willing either but, never the less, it was happening, it seemed.
John sucked in air, not meaning to have shouted. His voice echoed for a moment in the kitchen, leaving a hollow sound behind it. But Mycroft seemed shocked into silence. All John could hear was his uneven breathing crackling over the phoneline. It hissed and clicked for several seconds before Mycroft replied.
There was a silence in which John saw how much it hurt Harry to relive certain moments in her mind. Sherlock had steepled his fingers under his chin and was listening carefully. Finally, Harry gathered her thoughts and began her story.
"Yes, Mrs Hudson, I am," John said decidedly. Mrs Hudson looked pleased, as if she had been hoping John might spur himself into action instead of moping around the flat all day.
John: Great. Meet me at that old pub we used to go to?
John didn't dream. Not this time. His body was too weary, his head too tired and his heart too sore. All he knew is that he needed to tell Sherlock something before it burned a hole any further into his heart. His eyes were still closed, a world of black, but he could hear Sherlock breathing deeply beside him. Something was beeping, machines hissing. Hospital. John was in hospital. He took a moment to marvel at the irony of the situation. Usually, he was the one looking at the person in bed. This time, he was the patient. Slowly, he opened his eyes. Sherlock sat right beside the bed, eyes closed and slumped in his chair, fast asleep. His hair was limp and his face shadowed. How long had John been here? He couldn't tell and someone had removed his wrist watch. He felt remarkably better now; his head no longer pounded with sheer ferocity and the aching in his body was gone, though he figured that had something to do the morphine drip attached to him. John blinked to clear his vision properly and gazed at Sherlock again. He needed to tell him something. It was eating him up, consuming him and it had been for a very long time. He just never knew it.
But it was useless. The phone was dead. Help wasn't coming anytime soon. John dropped his phone on his stomach and felt like screaming. So he did. He opened his mouth and roared at the boot of the car. Of course, it did no use and simply made his head pound. He needed Sherlock. He needed Sherlock more than ever and Sherlock wasn't there. John touched the metal above him again. And suddenly, the car stopped, sending John rolling a little into one side of the boot. John now had several ideas running through his head. He could wait for the boot to open and leap out, knock whoever opened the boot over and make a run for it. It seemed like a good idea until he recalled the whopping great knife. Reviewing that, not such a good idea. So, he had to allow himself to be removed from the boot. Then he could consider his fighting options. There was the sounds of crunching gravel and then very bright, white light flooded into the boot, blinding John. He blinked desperately. He needed to see. After a tense beat, John could make out the hazy outline of the man in black. He still had his knife and John was glad he hadn't leaped out to fight. He'd probably have ended up with a knife in his stomach.
Sighing deeply with weariness, he’d been about to slip out of his doctor’s coat and sling his rain jacket over his shoulders when Lestrade, the hospital director, had come down personally to ask him to oversee some trainees undertaking the removal of internal stitches. Apparently, John was a master at this sort of thing and, considering that he’d been asked by the director himself, he agreed and soon found himself trying to fix the utter mess the trainees had made. Not only had they cut the stitches in the wrong place, they’d also somehow nicked the edge of a lung which resulted in internal bleeding which John then had to patch up, thus keeping the patient in hospital for an extra week. Which did not make their day at all.
“Snap out of it,” he muttered to himself as it hit him that he’d been standing there, opened mouthed like a gaping fish, for at least ten minutes. He shook his head a little and shifted to the foot of the bed to check the clipboard which had the information from the last check-up. John checked the name as well. It was an unusual one, he thought, re reading it several times.
"Very nice," John praised and Sherlock flicked his bow with a swoosh, bowing. He put his violin away in its case and then eyed John. He patted his shirt down and then, with a little and slightly flamboyant twirl, he began waltzing his way over, shuffling his feet over the floor and swishing his hips. John began laughing and couldn't quite stop and at that second, Harry poked her head around the door.
Mr and Mrs Hall were nowhere to be seen. John stopped dead, whipping his head around in confusion. "Mr Hall? Mrs Hall? Where are you?"
"Coming in for landing!" Sherlock cried out, circling the sitting room before swooping into his chair. He made a hissing noise in his throat, rather like a sci-fi door swishing open and gathered Rosie into his lap.
"Well," Greg said, shaking off John's apology like he understood. He probably did, John mused; Greg had been working with Sherlock before John came into the picture. "There's case that's got us baffled. We'd hoped Sherlock would take a look but..."
"Pardon?" Sherlock frowned, shaking his head because he didn't understand.
"She's not wrong," John remarked and swung himself out of bed to pull on a dressing gown. Then he nodded at Sherlock. "Bring her out when you're ready?"
“Uh,” John hesitated. Then he blinked twice, figuring it out. “I’d say close to 48 hours.”
"Could have been better," John managed to keep his voice somewhat steady, wishing beyond anything that he had his gun.
John staggered back. Even after Afghanistan, even after all the thousands of cases with Sherlock, death made him reel. Hit him right in the stomach and heart. He inhaled and exhaled deeply, calming his thundering heart. Someone had just murdered the old couple. Which meant...John's eyes widened in alarm; the murder was still here.
"Don't," Sherlock mumbled in his sleep, tossing in his tangle of sheets, thin arms striking out at nothing. John took a moment to appreciate a sleeping Sherlock, dark hair curled over the white pillow and slender limbs twisted among the sheets. "Don't...hurt...him."
"She's my sister," said John and strode to the front door, Sherlock in his wake. Mrs Hudson spluttered something about sisters and what on earth was he on about but before she could properly formulate her questions, they were gone, the door swinging shut behind them.
"Thank you," John said. Mrs Hudson had been looking after the puppy for several days leading up to Christmas so that Sherlock would have no idea. He bent down and picked the puppy up, sighing a little in good humour as it licked his face.
"Greg?" he whispered loudly. "Greg, are you there?"
"Those boys," she said to herself, shaking her head and smiling fondly after them.
"What?" said John.
"Sir?" an officer standing at the foot of the stairs held out a hand to stop them.
"You told me I would never be good-"
"Sherlock?" he said, reaching the other man. Sherlock didn't respond so John took his arm and lead him through the traffic. For the first time, Sherlock didn't twist in his grip, didn't protest to being touched. Instead, he followed John like a child, back into the house, up the stairs and into the flat. John took him to his chair and sat him down. Sherlock's face was blank though his eyes were filled with emotion. He stared at the same place on the wall, completely still. Mrs Hudson stood by John's shoulder as he watched Sherlock watching the wall.
"Oh, brother mine," Mycroft sighed. "You never were very good at leaving things alone."
This time, when John kissed him, Sherlock responded. True, he wasn't overly experienced or anything but it still made John tremble inside. Sherlock's hands sneaked around John's back, pulling him a little closer and John slid his own hands into Sherlock's hair again. Their bodies pressed together, lips joined, they held each other and knew, in that infinite moment, that there was nothing in this world that could keep them apart. John knew Mary would be happy for him. He was pretty sure she knew. She knew when she was alive. She knew the secret that John had in his heart, even though he didn't know it himself. Finally, they broke apart and John was about to move back and give Sherlock some space but he kept holding him, pulling him into an embrace.
"You left your phone on the arm of your chair," Sherlock said, grinning smugly.
Sherlock was silent for a moment, his gaze on the snowy ground. Then he looked up and even from the sideways profile John had of him, he could see Sherlock was absolutely wild. And...terribly sad. "I made me like this because that's who you were. I idolized you, even though I hated you. You knew how to deal with what we are, you were detached so I had to become detached to be like you, to cope!"
"What news, Sherlock?" Mycroft snapped impatiently. Sherlock sent John a 'can-you-believe-his-nerve?' look before tucking his hands carelessly into the pockets of his trousers and whistling innocently.
"Screw you," John laughed. "I swear you've got a nose like a sniffer dog."
John, still mildly startled that Sherlock had suddenly burst from his thinking space, blinked several times. "Out? Why? Where?"
He peered around the sitting room before passing through a doorway and into a kitchen. It was a mess; half chopped vegetables littering the counter, old tea spilled on the floor, carrot skins hanging limply off the edge of a bench and pots and pans scattered all over the show. It stank of half rotten vegetables and fruit. But that wasn't all that made up the scent John had sniffed earlier. Where was the meat? It smelled like rotting meat. Maybe Mrs Hall had left an uncooked roast out? However, there was no meat in the kitchen. Alarm bells began to ring in John's head and he cautiously tip-toed through the kitchen, his blood beginning to thrum with adrenaline and he wished he had bought his gun. The place where it normally sat at his back in the waistband of his jeans now felt very empty. Stupid, John berated himself. Stupid fool. He peered around another doorway which lead into the hall again. He stepped out, looked left and right and then turned left, deeper into the house.
“You’re right, you know,” Sherlock whispered, brushing John’s nose with his mouth. “I do love it.”
"So pretty, too," Molly was crouching down beside Rosie who was fixated upon a little wooden toy that Greg had dropped off a couple of days ago, along with some gifts for under the tree. John suspected that Rosie was going to be very spoiled this Christmas.
He whipped his head round to see Sherlock standing in the doorway, eyes bleary and pyjamas rumpled. His hair lay in messy curls and he looked confused which wasn't a look Sherlock wore very often.
"Still a child at heart, aren't you?" John winked at him. Rosie cooed and then the three of them returned to their places by the fire. As Sherlock crossed his legs, John couldn't help leaning over and pecking the other man on the cheek. Sherlock smirked a little. John loved this familiarity between them, the growing casual affectionate exchanges. He was a real sucker for intimacy and this was beyond perfect. As he gazed into the crackling fire, he thought of Harry. She'd once had that with Clara but now she had no one.
"Okay, something's up," John stated. "Sit down and tell us."
"Thank you," he whispered as Harry chuckled beside him. Relief washed over Sherlock's face and he sat back, turning his own ring around on his finger. Meanwhile, Rosie was tearing open another present. She already had a set of stacking cups from Molly, four new stuffed toys from Greg (he was much better at gifts for children), a tactile book about animals from Mrs Hudson, a large squeaky dog from Harry and a tow around wooden train from John. Her little fingers were now tearing at the black wrapping with the pretty pink bow. Finally, there was a hole big enough for her to pull the present out of. John watched as she leaned against Sherlock's waist for support and balance. There was a hint of red and then a stuffed red dragon popped out. John recognized it at once. It was a stuffed and fluffy version of Smaug, wings, spikes and all.
"Word from the wise," Sherlock said, mildly amused. "Don't call John 'little'. Vatican Cameo's!"
"Except you're not Jim Moriarty," John said quietly. "So who the hell are you really?"
"Yeah, well, he paid the imposter to kill you, Sherlock," Greg said. "But then, course, you killed the imposter which screwed up Moriarty's brother's plans."
"Damn," Sherlock muttered, the tone of self appreciation. "I am one hell of a shot."
This then meant that John had to sit in a long and arduous meeting with the pompous pricks who oversaw all the legal matters and explain that while he himself was a very competent doctor, the trainees were not and that he hadn’t even come up with this idea in the first place. He was served with a notice which pretty much banned him from overseeing trainees (this didn’t bother him too much; he found them to be little smartarses and highly irritating).
"Mrs Hudson!" he glared at her pointedly but by now, everyone was laughing so hard, it didn't really matter. The only person not joining in the hilarity was Molly who had taken a hasty mouthful of wine. Tears were welling in her eyes and John revised his thoughts from days ago. She hadn't set Sherlock free, not really. She might not have been trying to flirt with him but she still had him locked away in her heart. Of course, you could never really let someone go who you'd willingly loved for so long. John had been stupid to think she was over it. You couldn't get over love; it was one of those conundrums of the heart.
"Sherlock," John said, keeping his voice steady and low. "Sherlock, I don't know what to do. Okay? Uh..." he paused, unsure of what to say. Then he gritted his teeth. "Mycroft says he's sorry."
“Jesus John,” he hissed under his breath, pinching his thigh. What the hell was going on? He wasn’t just curious or anything anymore. He was obsessed! The bus screeched to a halt just up the road from the pub and John leaped off, glad to be free of the sweaty air and hoping he might just be able to escape his creeper style thoughts. His feet slapped the pavement as he walked briskly to the pub and he’d never been more glad to throw open the door in his life. Mike was already there and John marched straight up to him.
"Okay," said Sherlock, choosing not to point out how statistically unlikely that was, given the time that had passed and how much London had changed, and they climbed into the taxi. John leaned forwards and told the driver where to go. Rosie gurgled happily; she loved car rides and though she didn't get them often, she could remember them enough to point at the seats and make little bounces in her sling until John sat down properly. As they turned off Baker Street, Sherlock made a huffing sound like he did when something suddenly occurred to him. "Babies aren't really supposed to go into pubs, are they?"
Sherlock grunted his affirmation and began to tickle Rosie again. Still grinning, John left the bedroom and headed into the sitting room which was lit up by the fairy lights and the glowing embers of the fire as well as a weak sunshine pushing through the curtains. John made some tea and stoked up the fire before whipping open the curtains to reveal a mostly clear sky and a snow-covered London. Moments later, Sherlock dashed out of the room with Rosie tucked under his arm, giggling as if nothing could stop her.
"Sherlock?" John watched as Sherlock closed his book with a snap and put it aside, already looking intently at him.
"So?" Sherlock asked, straightening his dressing gown with a tug. "So what?"
"Yeah?" John asked.
"Never you mind," John snapped, immediately regretting his words. He had no right to speak to Mrs Hudson like that, he knew it well, but the damage was done. Mrs Hudson took the hint and scuttled, leaving John feeling guilty and wrong. He glared at a rack of test tubes on the bench before entering the sitting room again and throwing himself into his chair with a great sigh, looking at Sherlock.
John was silent for several moments, taking in all that Sherlock had said. He scooted his hands around Sherlock’s waist and walked them up his chest so John could touch Sherlock’s cheeks. He smiled very fondly and kissed Sherlock’s collarbone. “Once, I was afraid too. But there was something about you that changed me.”
"Hello wanna-be Jim," he said in an overly casual voice, imitating a schoolboy in a manner he used to annoy Mycroft sometimes. However, his next words were spoken in his very serious, very baritone manner. "Now, let John Watson go before I put a bullet through your skull, and believe me, I have one hell of an aim."
"Sherlock, listen to this," John said urgently and kissed Rosie's cheek, hoping she'd do it again. "C'mon Rosie. Do it for daddy."
"You bastard," Harry said finally, voice very quiet. She turned on her heel and strode from the flat.
"Where am I?" he asked, voice creaking.
"Harry, I..." John worked his jaw. "I know I haven't been a very good brother and god knows you deserved better but-"
"I told you so," Mrs Hudson said through her laughing. "I knew it! Gosh, anyone could see the chemistry between you two!"
Mrs Hudson didn't say a word but continued to eye John knowingly. He, however, didn't notice a thing, continuing to butter toast and pour hot water into the teapot, all the while making sure Rosie didn't smear butter on his face or eat something she shouldn't. At last, John sighed and turned to Mrs Hudson again.
John managed to convince everyone that it would be socially acceptable to wear actual clothes as opposed to pyjamas, though Sherlock protested, telling John that pyjamas were perfectly acceptable because he was Sherlock Holmes and he wore whatever he wanted. However, John put his foot down and won the argument, mostly because Rosie had tugged Sherlock's coat off its hook and rolled herself into it, effectively cutting off anything Sherlock was about to say because he was distracted by her cuteness. Harry and Mrs Hudson took over the kitchen entirely, not allowing John or Sherlock entry while they created a Christmas feast that would have made the royal family proud. Only an hour or so before the feast was to be laid on the table, guests began arriving. Greg came first, several wine bottles tucked under his arm and a bottle of whiskey in a paper bag. He happily installed himself by the fire, tucking his hands into his jacket pockets while John took the wine and whisky, placing them on the mantelpiece. Then he told Greg about how Harry was straightening out (he had to laugh internally at how he'd phrased that one) and Greg looked very pleased.
Rosie burst into giggling laughter and shook her hands, eager for more. So John, fully engaged now, covered his eyes and slowly moved closer to the cot. "Where's Rosie?"
Bundling Rosie against his chest, Sherlock leaped up from his chair, excited once more. Jesus, he really could be a child sometimes. John rolled his eyes and got out of his chair to join Sherlock and Rosie at the tree. Harry sat down with them, a circle of four around the tree by the window looking out over Baker Street. Before long, the room was filled with sounds of delight and appreciation as presents were opened. John had received a new woolen jersey from Molly, a slightly tasteless tie from Greg (he was terrible at choosing gifts for other adults), a very sweet photo album of him and Sherlock from Mrs Hudson, a gift card for a blokes shop from Mike Stamford, a pair of socks and a striped scarf from Harry and finally, wrapped in plain black wrapping paper from Sherlock, a small velvet box containing black ring, the band smooth and matte. John took it out, turning it over and almost unable to prevent a small tear in his eye. He looked up at Sherlock who was watching him closely.
And he had. He had always looked sad. Despite the fact that Sherlock had said he was married to his work and didn't require affection and love, he was only human. He needed love in whatever form it came. That was something John found inherently beautiful about human beings; they all needed love, even if they didn't think it. And so, someone without love like Sherlock looked sad because he was missing something that all humans needed. But now, now he looked happy. Properly happy. John wondered what Molly would think. He knew Molly loved Sherlock. But she had done what many, many people couldn't do. She had set him free. That's how the saying went, wasn't it?
His mind flashed to a pool. A bomb strapped to his chest. He heard Irene's voice over and over and over. He listened to Sherlock shout as a man threatened to kill John. He paid attention to every tiny detail, every case, every bedsheet ever to be stripped off beds and cloak Sherlock, every kidney in the freezer, every brush of fingers as tea was passed, every stolen smile, shared, private chuckle, every client, every case, every day he had spent with the man. Sherlock had torn down his walls and John merely gaped as he stepped inside his mind. He watched as he prodded and lounged in his head and smiled at his sprawled body.
"She doesn't make me cry like you do." John replied.
Sherlock, I don't know what I'd do if you came back. I never let myself hope long enough to know what I'd do but just- just
Another few months later, John got married. The two continued on as before. At least once a week, John stayed in his room with Sherlock.
The colour of the weather when he drapes a blanket over you,
Oh yes, that's right! BETRAYAL ANGER ANNOYANCE FRUSTRATION
What he didn't know was that she would die. And when she would, John would get into the box himself, he would tape himself into it, because after what he had done to Mary, he didn't deserve Sherlock. Everyone he ever came close to, they got hurt. Whether it be Harry in the form of alcohol, Sherlock in the form of a fame suicide, his wife in the form of a bullet, or himself in the form of himself, they got hurt. It didn't matter what John had done in his childhood to deserve Sherlock, after what he had done in adulthood, he didn't deserve any of it.
Fuck him.
He stared at Sherlock who finally sat still on a wheelchair that didn't belong beneath him. He stared in impenetrable silence that, for the first time, was uncomfortable. Being together with Sherlock, even if in just silence, was never, never this uncomfortable (which was saying a lot, considering his phone had moaned quite a few times at inopportune moments) Finally, John broke the silence and said,
"Your face with the-"
John never expected anything from everyone except himself. He expected his walls to stay up. He expected not to fall in love. He expected being safe. He expected not feeling betrayal. But he had disappointed himself. Why? Was it worth it, really?
"Your face with the-"
"What?"
Overdose. Hospitalised.
John sighed. From now on, no more imagining Sherlock. No more thinking of him and saying his name at inappropriate times. From now on, it was John and Mary.
1 year 10 months
"You're tan. I can see from here that your neck isn't or anything further down because you weren't at a tanning salon, were you? No. You did it for a job. Look at the way you're standing, you don't need that sorry walking stick, you're not a cripple-"
"I would be immensely grateful if you'd allow me to rest in your room."
Blind.
"I'll sleep on the couch then." John said.
"John, are you up?" Sherlock asked.
Antidepressants. Therapy
"No, you're unconscious."
The problem was, John knew the exact moment he let down his walls. He knew the exact moment he had fallen in love. He knew when he gave Sherlock the power to hurt him. He just didn't know Sherlock would ever use that power. He remembered the pool, remembered feeling Sherlock would do anything for him.
Sherlock interrupts John's proposal.
"If you'll have me, Mary. Could you see you way umm." He cleared his throat.
If only Sherlock could have met her.
"Afghanistan or Iraq?"
No, He wasn't. But he would sign up immediately.
Antidepressants. Therapy
"Oh, I see." John replied.
Okay, she's a student, John.
The colour you feel when he leaves,
John wished Sherlock had really died.
And then, he saw Sherlock. A song he had listened to in his childhood came to mind, the lyrics went,
John didn't ask why Sherlock had the urge to sleep next to him. He feared if he asked Sherlock would leave or say it was part of some experiment or anything really. What could he possibly say to justify it which wouldn't be bad?
His voice drowned out.
John tried to fall asleep but the new memories of Sherlock were fresh in his mind, and for the first time in a long time, he was alone in a bed. His hand traveled from his chest to his stomach and eventually from his the start of his-
And then, she died.
Were her eyes always this beautiful?
"He stopped bothering us." Sherlock stated, letting John go.
Sherlock is taking cases. John is yet to move out.
Sometimes, John wondered what his life would have been like if he had never gone to Afghanistan. Sometimes, he wondered what it would be like if he ran away from home as a kid. And other times, what it would be like if Sherlock hadn't jumped. Now, it seemed as though the adrenaline junky, danger addict, former bachelor John Watson's life was comprised of a bunch of what ifs.
__________
Ch.2 coming soon
Therapy. Hallucinations of Sherlock. Better. Drinking on weekends only.
"Ok, just leave it, uh-"
Today
"That was uhm, bloody fantastic actually." John grinned ear to ear.
No, he didn't.
Sherlock, if you're reading this, I love you.
I must have done something good"
"Right, right." John said, licking his lips.
"Oh, I don't actually need to know your dorm. I'll just email the work."
"How could you do that?"
"Watson. It doesn't mean anything. Or it doesn't right now anyway."
But Sherlock stood very still and suddenly the world around him changed. They were no longer in Afghanistan, but in England. Sherlock was on top of a building while John watched from below.
"Oh, please, don't go all military on me."
he added in his head.
"Because John can't ever know that I lied."
"Yeah, meeting you. It was- it was the best thing that could have ever happened to me."
"Making up time."
But then Mary came, and she was so different than Sherlock. Every bit of her was different. Mary. The thing about Mary was that she was his.
Rosie goes to university. John continues to sleep in Sherlock's room.
John started staying at Sherlock's a lot more. If Mary was out of town, if she was working late herself, if it had gotten late which usually happened on cases. Consequently, Sherlock began taking more cases. The two slept together, platonically (ish).
Arrogant, cocky bastard of a student,
"Well, that's okay, next class then. I'll just send you what you missed. What's your name then?"
But he died anyway
A few months later
"Please," he pleaded. "Don't do this."
_____________
Obviously, in the movies, the adulterer did not. But John did; in some ways he felt like he had been caught. He had been caught cheating when Sherlock saw him stuttering and tumbling over his words trying to tell a woman that he wanted to marry her. He was caught when Sherlock saw him make vows promising to love only her. He was caught when she announced they were pregnant. And Sherlock? He never said any of the movie lines. He never did any of it. He just stood still as John beat the life out of him, he just left early at the wedding, he just offered his name for the child and smiled. And, he looked at John in a way that made John feel transparent. How?
He looked far more shocked than John.
Why couldn't he stop himself?
It is not the colour you feel when you tell him you love him.
Sherlock looked at him, laughing he replied,
"When are you going to make it official them? It's been long enough!" Greg exclaimed.
Take the Bullet
I love her.
He wanted to be alone with Mary.
But John wasn't sure if Sherlock know why John felt guilty. He didn't know how to explain he felt guilty marrying Mary not only because it was the wrong thing to do to Mary, but that it had destroyed the potential of a relationship with Sherlock. Sometimes, John wanted to tell Mary what they had done. Sometimes, he wondered if Sherlock wanted the same thing. Other times, he thought about his future child.
He wished he had overdosed successfully.
John hadn't realized it, but he was currently choking Sherlock to death. He was on top of him in a lavish restaurant while waiters and his soon to be fiancee pryed his hands of the man's skinny neck. He wanted him to die. Was that so bad? He wanted to him to either live or die like an ordinary person.
His mind flashed to a pool. A bomb strapped to his chest. He heard Irene's voice over and over and over. He listened to Sherlock shout as a man threated to kill John. He payed attention to every tiny detail, every case, every bedsheet ever to be stripped off beds and cloak Sherlock, every kidney in the freezer, every brushing of fingers as tea was passed, every stolen smile, shared, private chuckle, every client, every case, every day he had spent with the man. Sherlock had torn down his walls and John merely gaped as he stepped inside his mind. He watched as he prodded and lounged in his head and smiled at his sprawled body.
John blinked.
One day later
"What are we- I mean, why.."
John kept kicking him again and again and again and again. He didn't hear the sound of his foot thumping against his flesh, he didn't hear the splatter of blood, he didn't hear as the people behind him brought tissues to their faces, he didn't hear his own panting, all he heard was,
First signs of alcoholism.
"Right.
And at that moment, Sherlock did exactly what John had imagined. Once they touched, the air around them changed. They were grabbing and pulling everything in sight, wanting more and more, moans escaped from their mouths as they took turns taking each other lip's inside theirs, letting tongues slide against each other, tasting and learning everything, making fantasies come true. But eventually, when they stopped for air, John saw himself in Sherlock's eyes and he saw guilt. Sherlock didn't say or show anything, all the vulnerability John had seen seemed to melt away.
For a very long time.
The school janitor worked at night. And its 11am in the morning right now, tall boy.
"Yeah, yeah, Sherlock, what happened?"
6 months later
But it is the colour you see, feel, hear and become when he is gone."
"Look, can you just-" John began.
"Afghanistan or Iraq?"
It's just, if John did let his walls down. Why did Sherlock have to break everything he had hidden inside?
But then again, Sherlock had always exceeded his expectations, he had never failed to surprise him. Obviously, in death, it would be the same. John knew that. But when he saw Sherlock, when he clenched his teeth as his lips curned in a deceitful smile, as his fingers turned to fists that violently slammed against the table, as he became oblivious to his surroundings, he asked,
"Anyway, what is truly ironic about these blokes is the fact that whatever they did was not to make a name, all of what they did had a different reason e-entirely. You see, all of them, they all- they all just had this- this love for poetry. And I-I reckon you should um, leave this class if you lack it."
"To help you recover, of course." He added, lickng his lips.
"Professor, I've actually-"
It really was, Mary. You saved me.
"Well, I did."
"John?"
John spent the night at 221b Baker Street in his old room that night. He stared at the ceiling and studied all the blemishes and cracks in the paint he knew all too well. He did his best to process everything that had taken place in the short amount of twenty four hours. Sherlock. The patient he had physically abused (that was bad). Mary (can't believe she didn't say anything about the mustache. I thought she thought it looked hot!) The train. Sherlock. His potential death. Sherlock's potential death. Sherlock being an utter cock, as usual ( or was usual). His almost confession. (Did I mention Sherlock?)
John did his best to make Mary happy. Months passed, and he learnt to control his moans (to his own surprise) He had learnt to fake a smile. Sometimes, so well that he believed it himself. But maybe that was because he really did smile when Mary spoke because in some ways, she had saved him or maybe it was because behind Mary, was Sherlock who smiled and turned his collar up, who roamed around with his thick curls bouncing away, who sometimes smiled at John like he did before. Smiled at him like- there really there was no way of describing how Sherlock looked at John. He smiled at John like he had just won the Nobel Prize
-John
Sometimes, John wondered what his life would have been like if he had never gone to Afghanistan. Sometimes, he wondered what it would be like if he ran away from home as a kid. And other times, what it would be like if Sherlock hadn't jumped. Now, it seemed as though the adrenaline junky, danger addict, former bachelor John Watson's life was comprised of a bunch of what ifs.
Sherlock stood still as John wrapped his arms around him and eventually, after looking into his eyes which asked if he wanted to do this, he embraced him. John kissed him. Hard. His hands went down to his waist and pulled him closer and closer, aching for friction in all the right places. Sherlock let out a moan that made John mad. The two rushed to Sherlock's bed.
"Because John can't ever know that I lied."
"You are the best and wisest man I have ever known."
But then again, Sherlock had always exceeded his expectations, he had never failed to surprise him. Obviously, in death, it would be the same. John knew that. But when he saw Sherlock, when he clenched his teeth as his lips turned in a deceitful smile, as his fingers turned to fists that violently slammed against the table, as he became oblivious to his surroundings, he asked,
"What?"
She giggled.
"What we'll be studying is not poems about love or romance, not about ambition and greed and hate but war. War is- its different, it just is. You'll notice that not many write of the horrors of war but the little things. They-they talk about how they think their dog tag feels cold on their chest and how they burned their tea and how their- how their clothes- don't, don't smell like their mother's detergent anymore."
"He stopped bothering us." Sherlock stated, letting John go.
"You are the best and wisest man I have ever known."
A few hours later.
To say that John felt horrible was a gross understatement. To say that John wanted to cut his leg off for hurting Sherlock was also an understatement.
But everything was the same. Sure, smiled and laughed and let their knees brush against each other and at times, said his name when he came but mostly, it was the same cold, stern, arrogant, brilliant, kind, beautiful Sherlock who was only his best friend. John wasn't gay, Sherlock was asexual. It was like old times.
"Nevermind, I knew the idea was preposterous the moment I-"
"How could you?"
"You are the best and wisest man I have ever known."
"I agree."
Heavy drinking.
John took a moment to process it all. This was weird even for Sherlock. This wasn't normal. But when was anything ever normal for them?
The problem was, John knew the exact moment he let down his walls. He knew the exact moment he had fallen in love. He knew when he gave Sherlock the power to hurt him.
Meets Mary. Therapy. Hallucinations of Sherlock. Better. Drinking on weekends only.
John stood, his mouth ajar. He didn't interrupt him, not once. Was it that obvious? No, it wasn't, it couldn't be. Only he could see it.
"Ours."
"He means us." Sherlock replied.
Why did this feel like good bye?
So, John stayed quiet. They didn't talk or touch each other. It was comfortable, companionable, it was..nice. John woke up to Sherlock sleeping on his side with his arms around John.
"Well, I'd like to. I do hope you're taking my class or on second thought, I don't- I don't want you reading my thoughts," he paused, "Well, not all the time anyway." He added.
A man in a horrible ironed suit approached them. Sherlock, to test himself, began to observe and spew out a few deductions,
The waiter spoke,
"You complete and utter cock!"
God, he wanted to.
"You and I used to spend a lot of time in each other's company before Mary, of course. And I have become accustomed to your companionship and would like the amount of time to stay the same. These additional occasional 8 hours help me ensure we are together the same amount we were before. If we're short, I take another case, make you run around so you're tired so you stay here."
John walked over to see him laughing into his hand as the bomb lay with the timer flashing the same number over and over and over again.
Sherlock had called. He called. He didn't text. John answered without thinking. He let Sherlock's voice engulf him. He didn't ask why he had called, just answered, truthfully.
I wish I could stop giggling.
"Look at what I've done to you."
I love him.
"Want wine?" He asked.
"John." Sherlock whispered, pulling him out of his trance.
John cut the call.
"How could you do that?"
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He slowly opened his mouth and mustered up the courage to speak, very gently, as if the words he was going to say would break Sherlock (or him), he spok- Wait, why was Sherlock snickering?
And had 50 serial killers start killing at once
God. Had he said Sherlock's name when he came?
It is not the colour you feel when you kiss him,
Months went by, John proposed to Mary and the two were making plans for the wedding. And one night, when it got late, John stayed at Sherlock's. As usual, Sherlock came into John's room and lay down. Then, John turned over and asked,
"There all just names really, like yours or- or even mine." He chuckled.
And met Benedict Cumberbatch
They kissed slowly, one peck, then another, never stopping but never finishing either. Desires were controlled as both maintained eye contact and John felt like crying. He threw his arms around Sherlock and stayed there.
He was soon up but he wasn't in England or Afghanistan for that matter, but his room. Realizing it was all a dream, he turned over to see Mary asleep. She hadn't noticed. In the dark, his hands searched for his phone on the bedside table. The screen read 7am. It wasn't very early, he grabbed the phone and went to the washroom. He studied the new scratches on his phone where he had tried to plug in the charger.
"Right. Right. So, Mary." He began.
"Oh, Sh- Sherlock, do you want me to marry you?"
He kept on picturing countless movie and book scenes where someone cheats on someone and the cliche line that tips everyone off is, "You wanted to be caught."
It's just, when the funeral was over, when the crowds were gone and John was alone before everything, before the pills and drinks and hallucinations and Mary. When was left alone, he would look at Sherlock's chair and expect to see him, when he would opened the fridge he would expect to see body parts, he would listen for the sound of violin, he wondered why Sherlock was quiet and when nothing happened, when he remembered Sherlock Holmes was dead, John wouldn't know what to fo. He had cried himself dry. He just felt numb. Not empty, just hollow. As if a part was missing and needed to be filled. His body didn't seem like it belonged to him anymore. And when he tried to cry or laugh or be angry, he couldn't. But when he woke up after drinking, he felt something, he felt pain. When he took pills, he felt exhaustion. When he woke up in the hospital room, he felt horrible but at least he felt something. When his nails broke his skin, he felt like he was alive. It was funny really, feeling a step closer to death made him feel alive.
2 weeks later
It's bad guys, it really is.
It's weird how quickly he changed. From this to that.
Why couldn't he stop himself?
"Right then." John replied.
"One more miracle, Sherlock. Just-just do this for me and- and come back. Right."
"What?"
"Sh-sherlock?"
"God, of course. What do you do then? If not sleep."
"New clothes, cheap, badly ironed, must be a college graduate. Shoes, tie, suit say lawyer. Shaving foam on his neck says no one close to tell him about it, single. The nurse just waved at him so he comes here often. The way he walks says insecure about height, too tall, grew up with a short mother then, the genetically gifted father wasn't around. The chain around his neck has a ring, old but polished, must be his mother's, well taken care of. Loves mom, no dad around, insecure, lawyer. Must be a domestic abuse lawyer. Mother probably went through it."
Sherlock looked at himself, dismissed John's statement with a gesture of his hand and replied,
Therapy. Hallucinations.
There was only one thing John felt in that moment and it was betrayal. The eight letter word he couldn't quite put his finger on.
Low expectations. John always had low expectations from everyone. He learnt a long time ago that the less you expected, the less disappointed you would be. When Harry became an alcoholic and he told her he wouldn't talk to her until she got clean, he didn't expect her to get clean for him. When he went to war, he didn't expect to come back alive. When he developed PTSD, he didn't expect therapy to end his nightmares. When he asked Sherlock for one more miracle, he didn't expect a not dead Sherlock towering over him at an overpriced restaurant when he was about to propose.
"Because John can't ever know that I lied."
John was ready, he really was. He fidgeted with his hands a moment before resting his palms on the table's smooth cloth. His hands travelled to the cold cutlery as a shiver ran down his spine. John glanced around him as Sherlock's voice echoed through his head making deductions. He let the cold, sultry voice engulf him completely. He closed his eyes and hummed along as the voice begged for his attention as it discussed how certain couples were letting their legs gently caress the other's calves, knees and hips, how old and new friends were laughing over pointless slander, how the doorman was an expectant father receiving texts from his wife, how that one particular Frenchman isn't French at all, how Mary is arriving with a smile on her face, how he should probably hide the ring back into the safety of his blazer, how he misses him.
It's just, if John did let his walls down. Why did Sherlock have to break everything he had hidden inside? How could he break everything he had hidden inside?
It was Wednesday. John was doing better. There were fewer nightmares but more hallucinations. He would see Sherlock everywhere even in places Sherlock wouldn't go to if he was alive. He talked to him (it? Which pronouns does one use to referring to one's hallucinations?) in the grocery store, making snarky remarks about the milk and the lining of products. He giggled to himself when he heard Sherlock make deductions about the customers, how that one particular gentleman is buying a peach after seeing Call Me By Your Name, how the cashier is a closeted lesbian with a massive crush on her best friend (ironic, much?), how that one man buying a spray tan lied to his friends about going to vacation in Italy and so on. But this imaginary Sherlock wasn't just for entertainment.
_________
"Okay." He shut the door behind him and walked to the bed.
John hadn't realised it, but he was currently pulling Sherlock closer by his collar to get a better grip and pummel him to death surrounded by different waiters stopping him in a different restaurant. Christ, he had to stop.
He looked over at Mary. He'd propose to her tomorrow.
"It's the colour of his tears,
"somewhere in my youth or childhood
"Oh, like it isn't obvious. Every part of you practically screams it. It must be sad inside that pathetically slow brain of yours."
But, how could they?
Lips bitten. Eyes shut. Pupils dilated. Breathing fast. Back arched.
Living Without Dying
"Make what official?" John asked innocently.
And saw a genie come out of a lamp he rubbed
"John, what is it?" She asked.
________________
"Sherlock?"
"Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, no? Soldier. Afganistan or Iran? Too easy, too easy, a veteran teaching poetry about war. How orginal. Pension not enough for you, then."
But God, he wanted to. Beacuse the thing is, like desire, grief is invisible. Pain is invisible. It wasn't crying out loud, it wasn't hugging everyone you know. It was something else entirely. It was faking a smile until everyone left the room and even then, even then, not allowing yourself to cry. It was slowly declining meals and losing weight but losing it so slowly that no one noticed. It was avoiding sleep and getting so used to being drunk all the time that you felt sober. It sucked.
For a very long time.
Mary's voice, her lie, his vow, her death.
"Why did you care?"
"What?" The boy blurted.
Mary's expression said it all. Of course, she wouldn't mention it. Bless her heart, she wouldn't, she'd do her best to hide her shock, fake a smile, wash, turn her back towards John and sleep.
"Go on."
So, John stayed quiet. They didn't talk or touch each other. It was comfortable, companionable, it was..nice. John woke up to Sherlock sleeping on his side with his arms around John.
Because he couldn't remember doing anything good in his adulthood. Not anything good enough to get Sherlock in return, to get happiness in return because every time he saw him, he felt as though there was no box, there were no what ifs, there was nothing but them. He felt funnier around him, he felt confident, he felt like air, and he found that, through Sherlock, he could love himself. But that wasn't the best part. It was knowing that Sherlock loved him as much as he loved him back. Even if he hadn't said it to him, even if they weren't doing whatever they were doing before, Sherlock was still Sherlock. And to John, Sherlock was transparent.
Mary dies
"Nevermind, I knew the idea was preposterous the moment I-"
Sherlock interrupted him by pulling on his sleeve, he pulled him down until his hands could reach his face, he rested one on John's cheek and one his good shoulder and gently nudged them closer to his own face in a kiss that was far too inappropriate to have taken place in a hospital.
Again?
Maybe that's why he wanted to marry her. Not just loneliness, isolation but because she had stayed with him even though he was..dead. Leaving her just because he felt alive felt wrong. Maybe he married her because he did love her. Or maybe it was a sort of revenge. But it didn't matter because one thing was for sure, he didn't want to cheat on her, he didn't want her to die.
But he could see that Sherlock didn't believe him. He was watching John with concern, perhaps knowing what was haunting him, what always haunted him. Once you did something, you could never take it back. It was etched on your personal record forever. John had never regretted anything more in his life. He held himself to a high standard and when that standard was broken beyond repair, he hated himself.
"There, there, Rosie darling, daddy's here," John cooed, reaching into the cot and plucking Rosie from her swaddle of blankets. "Don't you cry now, daddy'll get you a bottle and everything will be just fine and dandy."
The puppy, now named for years of love and also pain, stopped dashing about and bumbled over to Sherlock, tongue hanging out. It leaped onto Sherlock's lap and sat there, panting a little. John propped his elbows on his knees and then watched as Rosie rolled over top of a wad of wrapping paper, still clutching Smaug. Dear god, that was going to be her favourite toy now, wasn't it?
"Wait," he said. She turned back to him. "It's not...it's not, you know, physical, or anything like that. It's...well, you know. It's..."
And that's when it happened. When John tried to recall the events later, they only appeared in his mind as a blur of horror and fear. It began with a screaming of tires, making John whip his head around, searching for the source. A second later, the truck and trailer haulage unit hurtled around the corner, skidding on the snow and fishtailing, the trailer swinging wide across the busy street. Cars swerved out of the way, creating a wave of slushy snow rolling over the road and John shouted at Sherlock who, in the heat of the moment, had turned to check if Rosie and John were okay. The moment seemed to freeze and John just saw Sherlock, coat flying out behind him, concern written all over his pale face and the way the wind whipped his hair. And then the car, the shiny red sports car spun, a full 360 degree twirl off the road, out of control after trying to avoid the truck, its back swinging out over the riverbank, engine shrieking. Sherlock, eyes still on John and Rosie, never saw it coming. The boot of the car neatly clipped him, buckling his legs and sending him flying through the air and into the river with a splash. The world around John stopped. Or, at least, it felt like it did. He stared into the river in horror, an odd sound emenating from his throat, a sound of terrible distress. Already, people were swarming around, shouting and screaming in the chaos of the accident. The truck had stopped, blocking the road, cars had piled up and Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. John's heart plummeted and then it began to race, the implications of the event sinking in. He let go of the stroller, shouted at someone to hold it and he was running to the rivers edge, hauling off his coat and tossing it aside, not caring as the bitter wind bit into him.
“Boring!” Sherlock shouted, smacking his hands together in irritation, making the client sitting in the chair jump with fright. “Of course he’s cheating on you!”
John didn't even look at him. "Yes, I do."
"Live and let live," Mrs Hudson quoted herself, winking at Sherlock who still looked very confused. John managed to stand up straight and stop snorting for a second.
Sherlock's eyebrows crashed together in his confusion but he made the wise decision not to press the issue. Instead, he looked back to Greg. "You were explaining?"
“Yes, sir,” John mumbled and Lestrade shook his head in disbelief. As John shuffled away, he could hear Lestrade repeating “48 hours” under his breath, voice coloured with amazement and slight dismay. John couldn’t recall quite how he got home to his little flat on the outskirts of central London. He had a vague recollection of a bumpy bus ride, an interchange and fumbling for his card to pay the fare. There was the faint memory of unlocking his door, staggering inside and locking the door again and then of toppling onto the couch, eyes slamming shut. At some point, he woke up enough to move to his bedroom, strip to his boxers and slip between the sheets. He didn’t wake up for another very long while.
"What?" said John. And then, "Oh. Oh!"
"Oh," said John and thought he'd best leave it at that. Christmas was coming after all.
John's heart leaped. He knew that voice. He knew it well. Low, baritone. And cocky as hell. Sherlock. The man holding John stopped dead, turning around slowly and tugging John in position in front of him. A cold blade suddenly kissed his throat. But Sherlock was there, standing by the boot of the car with his coat spread behind him, flapping slightly in the breeze and a gun in his hand, pointing straight and true at the man. His curls were dancing in the wind and his face was mostly impassive, though if you knew him like John did, you would have been able to make out the anger burning in his eyes.
"So tell us," Sherlock said, finally blinking and steepling his fingers under his chin. "What has caused you to drop a case you were already looking into to come and see us?"
"No, you're not," Sherlock told him.
"I don't think you'll need that," Greg said after a beat, nodding at John's notepad.
Mike: I’ve been free for six years.
"She knows," he explained. Sherlock frowned, shrugging to illustrate his continued bafflement. John rolled his eyes. "About us? She knows."
"I'd like to say something, if you don't mind," he swallowed hard. The silence quickly surrounded him and he looked like he might be sick. "There's not a lot of point in not saying anything anymore. So, I just wanted to say that...John and myself are together so if we behave a little differently on cases or-"
"Do you understand?"
"And?"
"Do what?" Sherlock asked, feigning innocence.
"What?" Sherlock sounded offended, turning to John and crinkling his nose.
"Last minute shopping," Sherlock said and dashed out the door, knotting his scarf around his neck, getting all tangled up in it.
Which left Sherlock baffled and John feeling very pleased with himself indeed. This might need to get written into his blog! He could picture the title already : "Sherlock Has No Idea."  No, that would sound tacky. John shrugged internally. He'd think of something. The taxi veered onto another street, wound through some traffic, switched lanes twice and turned onto a very winding intersection, each sharp turn making Rosie giggle as she rocked in her sling. At last, after several more stomach rolling turns, the taxi pulled up outside a 24-hour pub with a rocket ship on the sign crooked sign.
"Cute!" Harry called from by the fire. John rolled his eyes as Sherlock began to blush.
“I want to get drunk,” he announced with preamble, planting his hands on his hips in an attempt to seem like he was totally in control of his thoughts and actions.
"Having sex?" Mrs Hudson butted in, taking a hearty gulp of wine. "Can you imagine our boys doing that?"
"Sorry," John said and suddenly, from upstairs, he heard crying. Rosie was awake. Inhaling deeply, John rose from his chair and padded upstairs, into his room where Rosie was gripping her favourite teddy bear and bawling as if her life depended on it. Mouth wide open, tears flowing down her rosy cheeks, eyes glazed with water and dribble everywhere.
"Thank you to Mrs Hudson and Harry for preparing this rather magnificent feast," John said, before they began eating. It was his version of a prayer and the only one that seemed appropriate at the present time.
"Apparently," John laughed, "Sherlock is in a very good mood."
“Uh, hi?” John stuttered, wiping coffee from his top lip and trying to pull himself together.
"If you say 'cute' one more time, I swear to god, I-"
Sherlock laid down his paintbrush and crossed the floor to where John was standing, reaching out his slender hands to cup John’s face. He closed the space between them and kissed John, lips melting together and bodies touching. Fire ignited in their bones and John returned the kiss, looping his arms around Sherlock’s neck so he could stand on tiptoe, trying to reach his cheek with his lips.
"Yes, John. Love," Sherlock's gaze flew back to John, irritated now. He began speaking swiftly, in a manner John was more accustomed to. "I spoke to my brother about love. He, in turn, told me that I feared it after Eurus murdered Victor. I feared love. Refused to feel it. Tried to cope with not just Victor but with who I was. I had become him. But..." Sherlock paused, agitated and drumming his long fingers on the leather arms of his chair. "I feel."
"Oh...nothing much," Sherlock began to rise from his chair but John wasn't having it. He hadn't been sick with worry pretty much all day just to hear that it had been 'nothing much'.
"Good morning John," she said after a while.
"Indeed, John," Sherlock agreed. "You can be the most amicable human being and still get driven to inhuman acts when someone kills someone you love."
"Rosie," John smiled, making sure she was sitting properly in the bath before grabbing the baby shampoo and squirting a small dollop into the palm of his hand. He massaged it into her hair and then began rinsing. They spent a while in the bathroom, Rosie splashing happily and saying 'dadda' every now and again, obviously positively delighted she could say something like the grownups. Once she was sick of being wet, John swaddled her up in a thick fluffy towel and bundled her off to the change table in his room where he dressed her in some warm pants, a thermal top and a cute jersey Molly Hooper had bought. After brushing Rosie's hair, John settled her on his hip and headed back to the sitting room. Harry was just accepting a towel from Sherlock. Clearly, he had made it known she needed a shower. As she left the room, John put Rosie on the floor so she could have some crawling/rolling time.
“It works,” John had hit submit and then closed his laptop lid with a snap. “It always does.”
Harry was suddenly very quiet and her face morphed from angry to guilty. She stuffed her hands into her pockets and rolled backwards and forwards on the balls of her feet. When she opened her mouth, her voice creaked, lilting sideways, not because she was overly drunk but because she was trying not to cry. "I'm sorry, John. I'm sorry I didn't come to your wedding. I'm sorry I wasn't there when Rosie was born. I'm sorry I wasn't there when...Mary died. I'm sorry I've never been there. I'm sorry I'm a terrible sister and a terrible aunt. I'm sorry."
Mrs Hudson twisted her hands together, seeming unable to speak. Very concerned now, John crossed the room to her and placed his hands on her shoulders, looking her in the eyes, checking for duress, anxiety or drug use. He knew she had some medicinal marijuana in her kitchen somewhere and while he didn't condone the use of it, he knew she took it sometimes and hadn't dared to reprimand her for it. But there was none of that in her eyes. Just worry.
Sherlock had entered the sitting room with a tray bearing tea and placed it down beside John before joining him on the floor.
Both men dressed in their winter outer layers in silence, John trying to figure out what he was going to say to Harry and Sherlock making sure John wasn't freaking out too much. As John knotted his scarf around his neck, he noticed out of the corner of his eye that Sherlock was simply staring at him. Not analyzing him or anything, just staring. John wondered what he was thinking.
"Nothing to concern the British government," John half smiled and rocked Rosie gently. "Have a nice day, Mycroft."
"Really?" Greg exclaimed, putting down his wine abruptly. "You're joking."
"She always knew," John mused and drew away from Sherlock, moving back to his own chair. Something had changed in Sherlock, something had changed in his eyes. It made John very happy to know that it had been him that changed it. "But Sherlock?"
Mycroft didn't say anything, working his mouth uncomfortably. He looked like the words he wanted to say were poisonous, would pain him to speak. When he finally opened his mouth, he sounded oddly tight; trying to maintain his normal tone of voice but a little higher. "Is it wrong to spend Christmas with family?"
"Hello little Rosie," he growled, gliding closer to John and Rosie. Rosie burst into peels of giggles and reached out to grab at Sherlock who darted back, baring his teeth. "I've come to eat you up!"
Greg was quiet and John felt like a real dick. He was pissed off, taking it out on Greg and Greg just didn't deserve that, not after everything he had done for John over the years they'd known each other.
"Are you okay?" John asked Greg, turning his attention away from the childish antics.
"No, don't," John heard himself say but most of his words were drowned by the thrumming of blood in his ears. However, something told him that it wouldn't stop Sherlock. It was more of a sound of regret, a plea with himself. His whole body shook, Sherlock not the only leaf caught in the storm that was Moriarty. John took the phone away from his ear; it felt like it was burning into his skull, and then, just as he saw Sherlock begin to tilt forwards, over the lip of the roof, he screamed," Sherlock!"
"Where're you going?" John asked, spreading his hands out in front of him to illustrate his confusion and overall bafflement.
"I've been abducted. I'm stuck in the boot of a car and I don't know where I am," John spoke quickly; he couldn't help himself.
"Neither do I," John told him. He moved his hands so they rested on Sherlock's thin shoulders. "All I know is that it was eating away at me and it's true. I love you."
"Look, seriously, I won't say anything about us being a thing if you don't want me to, okay?"
"I don't know what you're talking about," Sherlock said but climbed to his feet and flared his dressing gown out behind him like wings. Then he began swooping around the room, lowering his voice until it growled like the dragon he was impersonating.
John thought for a moment and then turned on his heel, striding back into the sitting room.
"We'll be right back," John told the couple and hustled Greg from the room. In the hallway, John lowered his voice. "Something's up. They're being very closed off and I swear that Mrs Hall knows something glaringly obvious. I think this is more than a robbery."
"No," Harry spoke up, voice bouncing off the walls. "But it is what it is."
"Your brother, what did he say to you on the street?" John ran a hand through his hair and then over his chin, feeling the stubble he had planned on shaving but had been a little too distracted to get around to doing.
"Sherlock," he said into the kissing. Sherlock drew his head back a little and eyed John.
John shook his head. That had been many years ago now. It was sort of blurred, a dream from an age ago. The beginning of their adventures together.
"ENOUGH!" Sherlock had risen from his chair and stood, towering over both Watson's with his pale, narrow face filled with terrible fury. His hair, in all its dark curls, flew away from his face like a black halo and his coat was spread behind him. A dreadful silence echoed through the flat, seeping into John like the coldest water in the world. For a moment, the three stood, locked in a battle of silence, trading eye contact and anger flooding the air. Harry, still dressed in her army clothes with her dog tags resting on her chest, had her arms by her sides and a red face while John seemed frozen in place, face pale and body numb.
"Sherlock, talk to me," John pleaded, leaning forwards and balancing his elbows on his knees. But Sherlock remained unmoving and refusing to speak. It was as if he was deep inside his mind palace with his eyes wide open. He was unreachable in there. But John had never seen him like this and it worried him greatly. He slid off his chair so he knelt in front of Sherlock, grabbing the man's slender hands and holding them.
"You enjoyed that, didn't you?" John grinned.
John pulled out of the kiss, looking up at Sherlock and knowing, for the first time ever, that Sherlock was more comfortable in himself than he’d ever been.
"Mrs Hudson, can you keep an eye on Rosie, please?" John turned from the window and Mrs Hudson nodded. Rosie was lying on a purple playmat in the middle of the floor, chewing on a rattle and dribbling everywhere. John dashed from the flat after glancing at Rosie as he always did before leaving her in someone else's hands. But when Mycroft and Sherlock fought, things that people would rather not see nor hear tended to happen. John didn't think the privacy of the whole nation ought to be broadcast on the snowy lane of Baker Street. He hurried down the stairs and eased open the front door, not wanting to let either Mycroft or Sherlock know he was listening in. He peered around the door and suddenly, he was able to hear the conversation, clear as day.
Silence. John eased himself into his chair opposite Sherlock's and eyed his friend. Sherlock was still staring in exactly the same place. His jaw had tightened somewhat and his eyes were rimmed with red.
"Hello John," Greg skidded to a halt and gathered his breath while John eyed him carefully. Something had happened. He didn't have to be Sherlock Holmes to see that. "What's up?"
"Molly," John said quietly, just loud enough that she heard over everyone's laughing.
“Honestly,” Sherlock grinned and, after making sure Rosie was still fast asleep, they made their way upstairs and pulled on overalls to protect their clothes. John popped the lid on the first tin with a screwdriver and dipped his paintbrush into the pool of red, swirling it around to mix the paint. He pulled it out and then slathered a bright fiery stripe across the dull, grey wall.
Sherlock was silent for a beat. Then he seemed to consider John for a moment, eyes flicking rapidly over him and assessing. He set his shoulders and stood a little taller. "No, it's fine. I guess I'm not at all used to this. It's...it's fine."
"I bet you're surprised to see me here, John," the man said gleefully.
“I used to be so afraid of showing emotions, John,” Sherlock told him. “Scared they would affect my mental acuity and my ability to decipher a situation. But I’ve come to realize that these emotions, especially love which I was most afraid of, are what make us human, what make us infinitely more alive. And John, I’m alive. And I love you. I’m not afraid anymore.”
"Ugh, you're impossible! I came for Christmas, Sherlock. Fine, you were right. I was lonely. Is that alright with you?"
"Well, you have changed," Harry remarked, looking at her brother and quirking an eyebrow. "Apparently, I'm not the only gay-as-a-picnic-basket Watson anymore."
"Did you mean it?"
"Okay," John was grinning, giddy.
Harry insisted on sleeping on the couch, despite both John and Sherlock offering their beds to her. She told them they'd already done so much for her and that they could argue about it in the morning. In truth, John was glad to be in bed. This past week had been a hectic mess of emotions, action and then Harry. Not to mention that Rosie had started crawling! Whenever he recalled it, he couldn't help a silly grin spreading over his face, even sprawled out in his bed. As the night breathed around him, he stared at the ceiling, unable to sleep. He was terribly tired but his mind just wouldn't shut up. He thought about the Moriarty imposter and wondered if Sherlock had come up with anything about him yet. He thought about Harry and how he was determined to help her and finally get her dry. He thought about Rosie, how proud he was and how he'd have to move lots of the things in the morning so she couldn't cause a calamity. And he thought about Sherlock. Gosh, when did he not think about Sherlock? John sighed deeply and realized that his mouth was very dry. He needed a drink of water. So he climbed out of bed and padded downstairs to the kitchen where he quietly filled a glass of water and then drank deeply, shuddering a little as the cold water slid down his throat and settled into his stomach. Dim light played across the kitchen floor and John's gaze wandered into the sitting room where the curtains hadn't been properly drawn. Harry was sprawled out on the small couch, legs hanging off the side and a blanket half falling off her singlet clad torso. The fire was still glowing and John put his glass down on the bench before walking to the hearth and putting another couple of pieces of split wood over the coals. Then he glanced at Harry again. A small, fond smile crawled over his face. He crossed the room and rearranged her blanket so it covered her a bit better. She moaned a little in her sleep, face creasing in the dim light and began to roll over. John backed away, not wanting to wake her. Just as he was about to go back to his room, he heard a muffled groan emanating from Sherlock's room. Frowning, John crept up to Sherlock's closed door and listened. The sound came again, a sound of distress and John made a choice. It wasn't a choice he was 100% comfortable with but it was a choice he wanted desperately to make. He eased the door open and sneaked into Sherlock's irritatingly tidy room. It was a pity he was incapable of keeping the rest of the flat like that, John thought.
"Oh, he'll try again," Sherlock grinned grimly. "He'll most certainly try again. But this time, I'll be ready for it."
"News?" Mycroft couldn't help himself.
"You know," she said, pointing first at John and then at the bathroom where the shower had ceased and Sherlock had stopped singing. "You and Sherlock!"
"Sherlock," John said in a slightly warning tone but Sherlock ignored him.
It was a symbolic phone too. Sherlock had deduced his whole life story from it and him; the first time they ever met. A single glance. He'd been very impressed indeed.
"What do you mean, I'm not him?" the man brandished the knife in front of him, kind of like a small child beginning to throw a tantrum after they've been told that they have to go to bed.
"Aw, shut up," John rolled his eyes. "I know you love her. You're a softie,really."
"Why?"
"I don't see her," Sherlock said, cupping his hands around his face and pressing on the glass. It misted up and he swiped his hand across it, making it smeary and worse. John strained his eyes to see through the rippling glass and finally spotted the bartender, a tall and solidly built man with a bushy beard to match his caterpillar eyebrows. John waved and made a rapid sign with his fingers. Sherlock blinked, then frowned, eyebrows colliding. John knew he was bursting to ask what on earth was going on but holding it back so he could maintain his intelligent persona and try to one up John after all the one upping John was doing. After a moment or two, the bartender stepped outside the pub, the door banging closed behind him, cutting off the brief flood of unintelligible babble that had followed him out.
"You can put it on your blog that I solved it, this time," he said happily. "Because I solved it!"
"Well, he's not here," John spoke almost bitterly and Greg shot him a look before continuing with his narrative.
"I know what I said!" John's voice rose to a shout which propelled him from his chair so he stood, legs shoulder width apart, facing Harry with anger blazing on his face. "I know what I said! Okay? You think I'm proud of that? You think I'm proud of the man I've been to you?"
"What?" Sherlock said, not quite understanding what John was asking.
"Good day so far, John?" the man asked. His accent was off putting. It sounded familiar and John knew why. It had the same sort of sadistic and Irish tone as Jim Moriarty.
"Oh Sherlock," Mycroft reached out to touch Sherlock with a single hand, but Sherlock jerked away, flinching his body backwards. "You should never have wanted to be anything like me."
"Help!" he tried to yell but it came out as a hoarse whisper, cracked and disused. And then everything began to move and it hit John like a freight train to the head as to where he was. The boot of a car. He was stuffed, unceremoniously, in the boot of a car. He bumped about, each bump causing shooting pain to rush through him. His phone, he needed his phone. Hopefully the man hadn't taken it, though if he was any decent Moriarty imposter, he'd have removed it. John wriggled his arms to his sides, fingering his pockets. There was a rectangular lump! He could hardly believe his luck. His phone was still there. Even in the situation he was in, he could still marvel at the stupidity of his abductor. They were a very poor imposter indeed, leaving him with his phone. John managed to grip his phone between his index finger and thumb and ease it from his pocket before tightening his grip and yanking his arm towards his face so it didn't get jammed between his body and the wall beside him. He overcompensated and elbowed his nose. However, over the terrible cramps and throbbing of his temple, he hardly felt it. He did feel the warm blood running over his lips though and groaned with frustration. After managing to extricate his other hand from where it was pinned to his other side (with a touch more care this time), John got both hands onto his phone and positioned it close to his face. He woke it up and unlocked it. There were no missed calls and no texts. John opened his contacts list and-
John stopped staring at the ground and fixed his gaze on Harry who was smiling ever so slightly.
With that, Sherlock strode from the sitting room, into his bedroom and closed the door with a snap, leaving John feeling very wrong footed and mightily baffled in his armchair by the fire. There was no point hammering on his door and demanding answers; he'd probably get yelled at or a bullet hole in the wall for his troubles. So, after heaving a deep sigh of frustration, John rose and went to bed.
John was baffled. That was what this silence was all about? Not because they thought he was some creeper staring at patients in the cancer ward? He shrugged. “We’ve got good banter.”
"Hello?" he said when it rang through.
Sherlock still hadn't moved late into the evening and by now, John was past worrying. He was downright terrified. Mycroft hadn't returned his call, Mrs Hudson had delivered roast pork for dinner which was one of Sherlock's favourites when he wasn't working, Rosie was tucked up in her cot and sleeping soundly and John was pacing in front of the window again. Something had to be done. He strode over to the kitchen and picked up his phone, intent on ringing Mycroft over and over again until the pompous prick picked up.
"So, they're taking a break. You should take a break."
John was mildly crestfallen that Sherlock had seen right through his little pantomime and hung his coat back on the hook along with his scarf. "How'd you know?"
Now, John sat in his chair, a cup of tea in his hand which was mostly free from wrappings, though a couple of thin bindings covered the middle of his left palm, and Sherlock carefully removing the last of the stitches in his temple. He'd said he could do it himself but Sherlock insisted. John also didn't think he had needed stitches in the first place but apparently the nurse was a very motherly one who made sure John was completely and utterly patched up. He'd had to laugh at himself in the mirror though. He looked like someone had used him for target practice. Sherlock's slender fingers pressed against his forehead and John inhaled deeply. There was a snip of the scissors and then the pressure was gone and Sherlock moved back.
"She did," John could hardly speak, he was grinning so much. At that moment, Harry rolled off the couch with a crash and hastily leaped to her feet, staring around her in alarm. When she saw John, Sherlock and Rosie, her face relaxed and she looked a little sheepish. She sat back on the couch with a yawn and pulled her blanket over her legs.
"Oh Sherlock," Mrs Hudson called from the table, a touch of motherly exasperation in her tone. "Let him in!"
"No, I want you to know that I-"
After dinner where Mrs Hudson had joined them before wishing them a merry Christmas and heading back to her flat and Harry had eaten and then left for her room, the boys relaxed. The evening had John had oddly excited, like a small child. The Christmas feeling was infecting him and he could recall one Christmas as a child when he'd gone to bed really early, hoping he'd be able to sleep away the night so he could get to presents faster. That had backfired horrifically, and he'd not been able to sleep for hours. Now, he knew he'd sleep well. He tucked Rosie into her bed and headed back to the sitting room where Sherlock was standing in front of the fire playing "We Wish You A Merry Christmas" on his violin. John leaned on the door frame and watched as Sherlock swayed a little in time to his playing, dressing gown dancing around his thighs. When he finished with a flourish, John clapped heartily. Sherlock had taken to playing the violin for other's pleasure more often and John was constantly surprised and in awe of his skill.
"An elderly couple called in the robbery early this morning. Reckoned it was the local gang who've been causing a bit of trouble these past few weeks. Apparently, the goods that were taken were not overly valuable in terms of price but they meant a lot to the couple."
"I said, congratulations," John was grinning again. "You dolt, I'm not the only one who's been a parent!"
"It's certainly strange when neither Christmas nor family has ever meant a lot to you," Sherlock shot back quickly.
"After everything you went through? Not at all."
"Better?" John turned back to Sherlock who was now gulping down a glass of water. Once he'd drained it, he put the glass in the sink and dabbed his mouth.
John held. Some sort of elevator music played for a few seconds and then a male's voice said in an open and friendly tone, "Hello?"
"Dadda," Rosie said, tossing the fish into the water.
"Let me go," John protested weakly. The man laughed, hauling John. His vision was blurring and he squeezed his eyes shut before flinging them open to try and clear the blurriness. It didn't work. He was screwed.
"You couldn't deduce this, even if you tried," Sherlock said scornfully. "You're too afraid."
"Because I'm Sherlock Holmes!" Sherlock said grandly, as if that explained everything.
"John," Sherlock began but John held up his hand.
"Relax. Maybe he's finally coming to terms with the fact that he is actually a human being."
"And that interests us, why?" Sherlock squinted slightly at Greg, though John could tell the that woman's resume had ignited a little flame of interest in him.
"What laughing fest have I crashed?" he asked. John shot a glance at Mrs Hudson who wiggled her hips.
"You should also take Rosie. People love babies," Sherlock added, reaching over to boop Rosie's nose gently. She giggled and grabbed his finger, tugging it to her mouth. "Uh, no, no, Rosie, not my finger!"
He finished his shift in a daze, ticking everyone off and doing everything like he normally would. But the man, Sherlock Holmes, was stuck in his mind. He found himself wondering what colour Mr Holmes’s eyes were. Mentally slapping himself, John dumped the clipboards at reception and headed to the staff-room where Molly Hooper from the mortuary was eating noodles and reading some romance novel at the same time, somehow managing not to drop noodles on the pink paperback, and a young man nurse was microwaving soup, staring at the revolving bowl with blank detachment. John padded to the cupboard and fetched a mug. He made coffee, fetched his lunch from his bag and sat at the table where he proceeded to sip his drink and eat his pasta which seemed strangely tasteless. He was too busy thinking about the rather beautiful man sleeping in ward 221 to notice who walked in and out of the staff room.
It didn't matter that he had given this lecture before or that he had rehearsed it. Bloody hell.
His normal life just wasn't worth living anymore.
8 months later
John hadn't realised it, but he was currently pulling Sherlock closer by his collar to get a better grip and pummel him to death surrounded by different waiters stopping him in a different restaurant. Christ, he had to stop.
Another few months later, John got married. The two continued on as before. At least once a week, John stayed in his room with Sherlock.
The colour of his shirt that you wear in the morning after,
"You know why. Anyways, I have to go."
That's what it was called.
"What are we- I mean, why.."
Why did he let all this happen? Why did it happen? Why did Sherlock go? Why didn't he stay? Why didn't he?
"You- you utter-"
John sent the waiter away and smiled at her.
I must have done something good"
Dr.John Watson
"Oh, right. Its 221bbakerhouse@gmail.com."
John was never an eccentric man, despite the whole addicted to danger thing, he was a man who planned, a man who looked at the practical side, a man who didn't look at the glass half full or half empty, but a glass containing some water. He had a strong moral compass, followed the law (mostly), is- was, was a good husband and a good father; he hoped, at one point in his life, he was a good friend. But he couldn't stop himself.
Sometimes, late at night, when John did acknowledge the fact that Sherlock was simply a figment of his imagination, he wondered if it was narcissistic to fall in love with him. He was, afterall, a part of his own mind. Sometimes, he wondered if this was Sherlock's ghost. He wished it was. Sometimes, he forgot Sherlock had died and that would hurt the most. The moment someone stares at him when he talks to the air in the grocery store, the moment he sees Mary when he says his name, the moment Mycroft doesn't say anything in response to Sherlock's remark about his weight, the moment Greg doesn't say Sherlock after he says John. That hurts the most.
"No, I'm good with water thanks." She replied.
"Are you going to keep that?" Indicating John moustache with a grin. Mary chuckled.
Sherlock has recovered. John is yet to move out.
His eyes wandered away a bit, his mind went with them. His name did mean something a few years ago.
Before, Mary's death, before the affair, before all of it, John was just a man asking a woman to marry him. He was
So, yes, John spent a great deal thinking about Sherlock. Did he consider wanking? Yes. Did he know it was creepy and disturbing to want to do so after what he had been through? Yes. Did he think it was weird to do it thinking of Sherlock? No. Did he wank? Uhh..ish? Does it count if one doesn't finish as one is walked in on by one's masturbatory fantasy in real life?
"Yes, John."
Sometimes, I wish I would have died at birth. Sometimes, I wish I had died in Afghanistan. Sometimes, I wish I had died before meeting Stamford. Sometimes, I wish I had realised and told Sherlock how I felt. Sometimes, I feel like shit.
Sherlock started to babble incoherently until finally he said, very clearly,
"Sir, I think you'll like this vintage-" the waiter started babbling again.
What.
They two had an affair.
And then, she died.
Therapy. Hallucinations.
"What? How did yo- WHAT. IS. YOUR. NAME."
I went to see him today. I went with flowers, don't remember which ones. I stood there and for a moment, I wanted to get a knife and carve my heart out and just put it in his chest. I wanted him to live. And if his heart couldn't beat, mine would best hard enough for both of us.
Sherlock smiled.
John kept kicking him again and again and again and again. He didn't hear the sound of his foot thumping against his flesh, he didn't hear the splatter of blood, he didn't hear as the people behind him brought tissues to their faces, he didn't hear his own panting, all he heard was,
"You are the best and wisest man I have ever known."
He had to think like that.
He stared at Sherlock who finally sat still on a wheelchair that didn't belong beneath him. He stared in impenetrable silence that, for the first time, was uncomfortable. Being together with Sherlock, even if in just silence, was never, never this uncomfortable (which was saying a lot, considering his phone had moaned quite a few times at inopportune moments) Finally, John broke the silence and said,
"I had expected the act of observing your regular sleeping patterns to get tedious and dull but to my surprise, it didn't. I haven't done any experiments, if that's you're primary concern."
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He slowly opened his mouth and mustered up the courage to speak, very gently, as if the words he was going to say would break Sherlock (or him), he spok- Wait, why was Sherlock snickering?
"Why?"
What was that he was feeling this morning because of Sherlock?
Therapy. Fewer hallucinations. Decides to propose.
Sometimes, Greg would call John for an opinion on a case and John would listen to Sherlock's voice in his head make deductions and repeat them to Greg and often times, they helped. Not as much as the actual Sherlock would have, but it helped. But this Sherlock, lack the real Sherlock wasn't just for work either. He was also a brilliant companion. John took this more complaint Sherlock to the movies and made sure that the seat next to him was not booked, so he could sit next to him. He would curse at Sherlock when he gave away the ending and smile when he didn't like old times.
1 year 11 months
John looked away. Ensuring Sherlock couldn't see him, he grinned.
I wish I could propose.
Decades later
"Sherlock, run!"
John moved closer to him. He wrapped an arm around him and rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder. Closing his eyes, he waited for sleep to take him. John saw Sherlock's hesitation but eventually felt him loosen against him and get comfortable.
John grinned at him. It was, he just wanted to hear him say it.
"Okay." He shut the door behind him and walked to the bed.
"I've been through worse."
He was drawn to her. There was something about the way her nose crinkled when she giggled. How she got lost in her thoughts and tried to suppress her smile. How she giggled uncontrollably when she remembered a joke from last week. How she squealed excitedly when he came home. How she threw her arms around her and pulled him. How her name sounded on his tongue. Mary. How she knew when he was nervous or angry or sad and how she always calmed him down. How she made him feel better about everything. But it was more than that. Much more. It was also the fact that when she giggled it was because of some goofy thing John had done. When she smiled it was because he looked good in a particular shirt. When she laughed, it was because he didn't look good in a particular shirt. When she giggled uncontrollably it was when he touched her, when he smiled at her, it was when he smiled or laughed or chuckled. John had fallen so many times. But Mary always seemed to be there to pick him up. Somehow, she made the pain worth the pleasure.
Sherlock stood still as John wrapped his arms around him and eventually, after looking into his eyes which asked if he wanted to do this, he embraced him.
To say that John felt horrible was a gross understatement. To say that John wanted to cut his leg off for hurting Sherlock was also an understatement.
Why was it that he felt like he had cheated on Sherlock all this time with Mary?
They kissed slowly, one peck, then another, never stopping but never finishing either. Desires were controlled as both maintained eye contact and John felt like crying. He threw his arms around Sherlock and stayed there.
John started staying at Sherlock's a lot more. If Mary was out of town, if she was working late herself, if it had gotten late which usually happened on cases. Consequently, Sherlock began taking more cases. The two slept together, platonically (ish).
Yeah, you did.
Beacuse the thing is, before A.G.R.A, before Rosie was born, when Mary was six months away from giving birth, John went to 221b Baker Street. He looked at Sherlock and said, "Sod it."
___________
Why couldn't he stop himself?
1 year 6 months
I was ready
"No, we're not actually a c-"
"Oh-" John mumbled, blushing hard.
"Not dead."
What if?
"Now you let me grieve."
"Uhh.."
The colour of his tie that you place around his neck,
A man in a horrible ironed suit approached them. Sherlock, to test himself, began to observe and spew out a few deductions,
Sherlock interrupted him by pulling on his sleeve, he pulled him down until his hands could reach his face, he rested one on John's cheek and one his good shoulder and gently nudged them closer to his own face in a kiss that was far too inappropriate to have taken place in a hospital.
John didn't remember what he said, if he said anything, if he begged, if he looked at Sherlock with pleading eyes, if he took his hand himself and fucked it. Fucked Him. Fucked Sherlock's hand. Those fingers, those, God. All he remembers is waking up in a sticky mess with a smug expression on Sherlock's face that can only mean John was loud. Very loud. But as John focused, he saw that Sherlock was blonde, that he wasn't smiling at all, that he was shorter and with eyes that weren't nearly as magnificent as he remembered. As John focused, he realised, this was Mary.
Most of the time, he thought about everything that wasn't his life. Everything that could have been. Sometimes, John felt like he was in a box, in the literal sense. And the box was open just a bit, just enough to let a ray of sunlight shine on his pale skin, he could feel the warmth spread throughout his body from that one ray and he wanted more. He wanted more, he wanted to kick and hit and do everything in his power to open this box, to get out of this never ending, suffocating world that it made him want to hit his head against the box until it cracked open and bled all of his emotions and thoughts and dreams and everything out. But the thing is, he never did any of it. He never got out of the box, he never cracked his skull open, he just stayed there still.
"Right."
God, she's gorgeous.
"What?! Sherlock, you can't just-" he began, confused and slightly frustrated.
John spent the night at 221b Baker Street in his old room that night. He stared at the ceiling and studied all the blemishes and cracks in the paint he knew all too well. He did his best to process everything that had taken place in the short amount of twenty four hours. Sherlock. The patient he had physically abused (that was bad). Mary (can't believe she didn't say anything about the mustache. I thought she thought it looked hot!) The train. Sherlock. His potential death. Sherlock's potential death. Sherlock being an utter cock, as usual ( or was usual). His almost confession. (Did I mention Sherlock?)
There was no structure, no set rhyme scheme. It wasn't a tanka or haiku. Maybe blank verse. There was no flow to it. But the art was there, she was there.
Yeah, you did.
Yeah, you did.
Without looking away from Sherlock, grinning ear to ear, John replied, "Yeah, October 25th."
________
He stared at his reflection. How long until his mind would stop playing tricks on him? How long until he would stop hearing Sherlock's voice, stop seeing his face? How much longer?
Heavy drinking. Self harm. Hospitalized. Talks to Harry. Antidepressants. Therapy
But John wasn't sure if Sherlock know why John felt guilty. He didn't know how to explain he felt guilty marrying Mary not only because it was the wrong thing to do to Mary, but that it had destroyed the potential of a relationship with Sherlock. Sometimes, John wanted to tell Mary would they had done. Sometimes, he wondered if Sherlock wanted the same thing. Other times, he thought about his future child.
"Sherlock,"
"It was dark." He said in an attempt to justify them. He wasn't an alcoholic. Not now, anyway.
John opened his eyes to see a waiter crowding him. He closed his eyes a moment.
You take the bullet for them
"Does she make you laugh.. like I used to?" Sherlock asked.
While stopping for air, Sherlock told the lawyer,
John hadn't realized it, but he was currently choking Sherlock to death. He was on top of him in a lavish restaurant while waiters and his soon to be fiance pryed his hands of the man's skinny neck. He wanted him to die? Was that so bad? He wanted to him to either live or die like an ordinary person. And then, a horrible thought occurred to him, the next time Sherlock would 'die' John wouldn't be able to believe it. He'd always believe Sherlock was alive.
Immediately looking down at the paper, he pretended to scan it; she walked away, slowly at first and faster all at once. Her could hear her, her shoes hitting the floor tahk- tahk- tahk- tahk it sounded like the sound of guns, merciless Volvos and Widowmakers, he could practically feel his body shake from the recoil, tahk-tahk-tahk. God, why was it so hot? Why? Why?
So, yes, John spent a great deal thinking about Sherlock. Did he consider wanking? Yes. Did he know it was creepy and disturbing to want to do so after what he had been through? Yes. Did he think it was weird to do it thinking of Sherlock? No. Did he wank? Uhh..ish? Does it count if one doesn't finish as one is walked in on by one's masturbatory fantasy in real life?
"God, of course. What do you even do then? If not sleep."
"Right, right." John said, licking his lips.
He leaned closer and chuckled. She joined in and said,
So, they kiss.
Mary's voice, her lie, his vow, her death.
"That doesn't even make sense. We sleep, Sherlock. We're unconscious."
"You and I used to spend a lot of time in each other's company before Mary, of course. And I have become accustomed to your companionship and would like the amount of time to stay the same. These additional occasional 8 hours help me ensure we are together the same amount we were before. If we're short, I take another case, make you run around so you're tired so you stay here."
John opened his mouth, the words were on the tip of his tongue and the two stared at each other, their knees brushing against each other. They leaned in closer and closer.
For a very long time.
Not to mention how it feels to be around him. This sudden rush of blood as something shifts in your stomach; nostalgia washes over you as you recall the first time you saw someone worth getting butterflies over. You haven't felt this way since you were thirteen: in love, confused, full of ambition and hormones with no direction except now you have a direction. You feel your brain get pumped with endorphins and you fight the urge to crack a smile because you know he's watching you. Your pupils dilate as he stares into you, through you, reads you. You know he knows. When you give him a cuppa, he pauses, if only for a moment, holds your wrist and takes your pulse. He'll pretend his hand was lingering there for no reason or he'll make an incoherent gesture. Plus, you have a sneaking suspicion that these cases he's been taking lately aren't because they're interesting but because he needs a reason to keep you around. He needs a reason to call you. You watch as he "slips" of the stairs and injures himself. You nod as he asks you to stay for the day to help him of course. To bandage him. You smile as he suggest you stay the night-just to be on the safe side of course, can't risk an injury on such an important case. But He? Slips? Please like he didn't deduce the crap out of the stairs and the frigging likelihood of slipping. But you don't care because you want to be around him too.
John chuckled. Sherlock was, no doubt, in extreme pain; that pain was not comparable to the unbearable suffering John was failing to face.
John never expected anything from everyone except himself. He expected his walls to stay up. He expected not to fall in love. He expected being safe. He expected not feeling betrayal. But he had disappointed himself. Why? Was it worth it, really?
Months went by, John proposed to Mary and the two were making plans for the wedding. And one night, when it got late, John stayed at Sherlock's. As usual, Sherlock came into John's room and lay down. Then, John turned over and asked,
"Let him, I killed his wife."
He looked up. She was pretty. Fu*k.
Maintaining silence for a second, perhaps on purpose, he continued,
2 months later
The colour of his suit when he holds you and calms you down,
"Mary, Sir."
But, how could they?
And it didn't end there. John and Sherlock started an affair.
Bullets richoteoed. Injuries inflicted. Lives lost. Breathing hard. Eyes closed. Sherlock. Sherlock? John tightened his hold on his gun and ran towards him in the middle of bullets, bombs and blood. The sun blinded his eyes as he shouted,
"How could you?"
"Its Sherlock Holmes and the dorm is 221b Baker House."
________
SPOILER
"Frost, Wordsworth, Shelly.." he began.
"This isn't domestic abuse."
He had caught the attention of the class the way only a man of experience knows how. He was past the stuttering and stumbling awkwardness and over awareness of a substitute teacher, past the passion of a young "hot" professor, past the over ambition of a 25 year old, fresh from college, past feeling like a failure for teaching. He had held on to the best parts. The passion and ambition and everything, just less of it. Less of all of it, all of him.
"Why?"
__________________
"somewhere in my youth or childhood
Most of the time, he thought about everything that wasn't his life. Everything that could have been. Sometimes, John felt like he was in a box, in the literal sense. And the box was open just a bit, just enough to let a ray of sunlight shine on his pale skin, he could feel the warmth spread throughout his body from that one ray and he wanted more. He wanted more, he wanted to kick and hit and do everything in his power to open this box, to get out of this never ending, suffocating world that it made him want to hit his head against the box until it cracked open and bled all of his emotions and thoughts and dreams and everything out. But the thing is, he never did any of it. He never got out of the box, he never cracked his skull open, he just stayed there still.
The poem read,
"A date, John."
"For the birth of Mrs. Hudson. What do you think? THE WEDDING, JOHN!"
"Class dismissed. Don't- don't touch your books just write me a poem about something. Anything. I'll see you next week."
It is not the colour you feel when you make love in the night,
"Sh-sherlock?"
"I think I'll move back in with you, then." John mumbled.
"If you could see your way too. Ummm,"
1 year 8 months
"Wedding? Who's wedding?"
"I agree I'm the best thing that could have ever happened to you." She joked.
Problem was, things changed. In a funny way, really. It reminded John of something he'd read before how even though it seemed like everyday was the same, when you looked back, you realise, everything has changed. But that was the problem. Rather than change, rather than go from "Bachelor John Watson" to "oh, hes with the missus", he returned to "Sherlock's flatmate." Everything changed, but it didnt go forward, it went back. It was almost as if Sherlock had never left but whenever John woke up to Sherlock sleeping, he remembered seeing him on the floor with blood splattered all around him, his face hidden from view. He remembered seeing Mycroft smoke, the fiery embers leaving his silent killer and crushing on the floor, making the pavement darker than it ought to be. He remembered grief, pain and eventually, numbness. When he got so used to it all, he no longer remembered what it meant to be happy. He thought, what if Sherlock died again? What if I never have this moment again? Why don't i just fucking carpe diem it and see what happens? What if I go near him and put my arms around his, pull him closer and closer until we're inhaling the same air, until I can see all of him, his vulnerable emotions, his brilliant thoughts, his eyes that can never seem to decide on a color, until we have no choice but to give in, let our lips meet in a much anticipated kiss?
Obviously, this is hard to explain. I suppose I shouldn't compare it to drugs and lust because this- this is something different. But Sherlock, he- he is like a drug: strong, passionate, bloody fantastic with a chock full of side effects. He's something you want more and more and when he's gone, your body feels stiff, you leg hurts; your happiness seems to fade away in this never ending abyss and you're falling but the problem isn't that it feels like you're never going to stop falling it's this fear that you will stop falling. It's this fear that you will move on. It's the fear that you'll learn to live without him, again or at least you'll fool yourself. You won't exactly live without him you'll just not die without him. You'll just survive. Not live. There's a difference.
The colour of his breath when he kisses you in the rain,
He just didn't know Sherlock would ever use that power. He remembered the pool, remembered feeling Sherlock would do anything for him.
"I would be immensely grateful if you'd allow me to rest in your room."
Obviously, in the movies, the adulterer did not. But John did; in some ways he felt like he had been caught. He had been caught cheating when Sherlock saw him stuttering and stumbling over his words trying to tell a woman that he wanted to marry her. He was caught when Sherlock saw him make vows promising to love only her. He was caught when she announced they were pregnant. And Sherlock? He never said any of the movie lines. He never did any of it. He just stood still as John beat the life out of him, he just left early at the wedding, he just offered his name for the child and smiled. And, he looked at John in a way that made John feel transparent. How?
John moved closer to him. He wrapped an arm around him and rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder. Closing his eyes, he waited for sleep to take him. John saw Sherlock's hesitation but eventually felt him loosen against him and get comfortable.
Why was it that he felt like he had cheated on Sherlock all this time with Mary?
"This isn't domestic abuse."
I wish I could stop giggling.
The boy blushed. "Oh, it's nothing, really, I just. I just see things, I suppose, that other people overlook. Remove the impossible and all that is left, no matter how improbable is true. I don't know."
They say when you love someone
Heavy drinking.
"That doesn't even make sense. We sleep, Sherlock. We're unconscious."
John wished Sherlock had really died.
Sherlock blinked.
"No, you're unconscious."
"As you know, these uhh last few years haven't been so easy. And meeting you."
"Your class? Oh yes, I am taking it."
"Umm, I know it hasn't been long and that we haven't known each other for a long time." He paused and looked at her.
Proposing to Mary, hallucinations continue. Drinking on weekends only.
"Let him, I killed his wife."
She giggled whole hearted and he smiled at her.
1 year 4 months
What he didn't know was that she would die. And when she would, John would get into the box himself, he would tape himself into it, beacuse after what he had done to Mary, he didn't deserve Sherlock. Everyone he ever came close to, they got hurt. Whether it be Harry in the form of alcohol, Sherlock in the form of a fake suicide, his wife in the form of a bullet, or himself in the form of himself, they got hurt. It didn't matter what John had done in his childhood to deserve Sherlock, after what he had done in adulthood, he didn't deserve any of it.
What was that he was feeling this morning because of Sherlock?
John watched as his best friend threw away his phone and so, threw away the only way to talk to John and stepped forward. He watched in disbelief as Sherlock's body fell towards Earth, pray to gravity. And for a moment, for a moment, John hoped, wished, dreamed, believed, Sherlock could fly. He smiled, please, let him fly. But was then hit by a cycle and landed like his friend, smack on the floor.
"I'm afraid that is why you had to witness my outburst of sorts, so to say. I seem to have gotten incorrect directions,"
"No, you're a war hero, John. And that leg it isn't an injury, its psychosomatic. You're younger than you look, that shoulder has aged you. And you flinched, didn't you, when I came to you so fast, so close. You haven't been touched by someone in a while. Your eyes shout of your nightmares."
"I don't shave for Sherlock Holmes."
John looked down at him and felt a twang of guilt but it was nothing in comparison to the pure fury he felt. He didn't know he'd been holding it in for so long. He didn't know if it was because of Sherlock. But that didn't matter right now, he'd hurt Sherlock.
"John, are you up?" Sherlock asked.
He looked up at waiter.
"Sherlock,"
"From the janitor." He added.
"OH YES, oh yes." He chuckled.
Silence. Whispers.
And beat Mycroft at operation
could he break everything he had hidden inside?
What was John thinking? Telling Sherlock he loved him? What about Mary? What about Sherlock "married to my work" Holmes? This could not happen. Even if he wanted it to.
"Are you going to keep that?" Indictiting John moustache with a grin. Mary chuckled.
God, her voice is like silk. God, I'm gonna mess this up.
This wasn't a hallucination.
"You're a git."
"Oh my god, you're- you're-"
John was never an eccentric man, despite the whole addicted to danger thing, he was a man who planned, a man who looked at the practical side, a man who didn't look at the glass half full or half empty, but a glass containing some water. He had a strong moral compass, followed the law (mostly), is- was, was a good husband and good father; he hoped, at one point in his life, he was a good friend. But he couldn't stop himself.
Oh yes, that's right! BETRAYAL ANGER ANNOYANCE FRUSTRATION
"Ah, great- a teacher, at last. Tell me, are you all a bunch of daft idiots or is at least one of you even a bit qualified or competent to know more, if not the same amount as a ten year old textbook that I could have gotten at a horribly funded, public library? Don't answer. I swear the lot of you bring down the IQ of the whole college when you open your mouths."
Sherlock hadn't just killed himself, he'd killed John.
For a very long time.
Sometimes, John would wonder if he would spend his life this way, smile at Sherlock who stood behind Mary, look at him when he kissed her, bite his lower lip to avoid saying his name when he made love to her, tell her that he wanted to grow old with him- sorry, her. The facade had to fall. One of these days, it had to. John just had to make sure it wouldn't happen in front of Mary. He was after all, going to propose to him- sorry, her.
Was he- oh he was.
Somehow, John found himself in a dimly lit train, nearly shaking trying to accept the fact that he was going to die. He was going to die with the man he loved who was currently bent over a bomb that would lead to their demise. A bomb, not even the wisest man could stop. In a way, it was everything John wanted. He wanted to spend the rest of his life with Sherlock. In a way, he would. But the thought, the thought of spending the rest of his life hating and being bitter about the betrayal scared him more than death. And never coming out? Never accepting himself? Never telling the world, or at least, Sherlock how he felt? That. That was even scarier. He had to tell Sherlock how he felt about him. He had to. And so, from I don't shave for Sherlock Holmes, John was about to say I'll do anything for Sherlock Holmes.
Ask me John. I'll say yes.
"New clothes, cheap, badly ironed, must be a college graduate. Shoes, tie, suit say lawyer. Shaving foam on his neck says no one close to tell him about it, single. The nurse just waved at him so he comes here often. The way he walks says insecure about height, too tall, grew up with a short mother then, the genetically gifted father wasn't around. The chain around his neck has a ring, old but polished, must be his mother's, well taken care of. Loves mom, no dad around, insecure, lawyer. Must be a domestic abuse lawyer. Mother probably went through it."
Why did he feel guilty?
And so, when he saw him, it wasn't just betrayal but it was knowing that Sherlock could do this to him, it was knowing he could and did stay away from him for two years optionally. John couldn't. He nearly didn't. And even when he kissed Mary, he imagined Sherlock's lips on his, slowly working their way down his neck, playing with his chest. When he did hug her, he imagined it was his body he held so close, so close in all the right places. When he did make love to her, he moaned and bit his lips to avoid saying his name when he came. When he smiled at her, he saw him behind her. When he told her he loved her, he pictured him. And Sherlock didn't seem to care for him all. He could fucking lie and cheat and die for two years without thinking of John.
How do you put it into words? Something like that? Mary, I love you but I just love him more? Sherlock, I know you don't think of me like that but I want you? Rosie, honey, remember that boy, Tommy, who had two mommies? Well, you might have two daddies- actually scratch that, Sherlock would never want to be called daddy. Wait- what am I saying?? Sherlock will never want to be with me! More importantly, John, you have a wife remember! Right.
"Sod off!" John replied.
John sighed, took off his clothes and stepped into the shower. The cold water made him jump and step out. His heart started beating violently. He chuckled in response. Sherlock always noticed when someone's pulse quickened, when their pupils dilated, when they felt sentimental. He noticed Irene's love for him. But the bastard never saw when John's pupils dilated, when his heart raced as if he had just run a mile, when his breath quickened and a smile appeared on his face. John shrugged at the thought. He couldn't blame Sherlock. After all, even he didn't know he was in love with him. Not until he saw Sherlock's body on the floor, not until his grave was unresponsive, not until Sherlock had died.
John chuckled. Sherlock was, no doubt, in extreme pain; that pain was not comparable to the unbearable suffering John was failing to face.
"Right." He chuckled.
____________
Just ask her.
"Oh, don't be dramatic just pick a date."
"What?! Sherlock, you can't just-" he began, confused and slightly frustrated.
Sherlock looked at himself, dismissed John's statement with a gesture of his hand and replied,
"For what?"
Somehow, John found himself in a dimly lit train, nearly shaking trying to accept the fact that he was going to die. He was going to die with the man he loved who was currently bent over a bomb that would lead to their demise. A bomb, not even the wisest man could stop. In a way, it was everything John wanted. He wanted to spend the rest of his life with Sherlock. In a way, he would. But the thought, the thought of spending the rest of his life hating and being bitter about the betrayal scared him more than death. And never coming out? Never accepting himself? Never telling the world, or at least Sherlock about how he felt? That. That was even scarier. He had to tell Sherlock how he felt about him. He had to. And so, from I don't shave for Sherlock Holmes, John was about to say I'll do anything for Sherlock Holmes.
"W-wha-"
"Uhmm, do excuse me but you can't just be walking around these halls and talking to your teachers like that! What the hell do you think you're doing? Who are you?" John asked.
"You- you utter-"
Would his hallucinations ever stop?
He kept on picturing countless movie and book scenes where someone cheats on someone and the cliche line that tips everyone off is, "You wanted to be caught."
John was always a good writer, because writing was a one way thing. Almost like a narcissistic one way therapy, all the issues one faces, one writes but he was never good at expressing how he felt in real life. It's why therapy never worked for him. But somehow, Sherlock through his deduction or the rapport they had built, seemed to know what John was thinking all the time. And so, when John imagined kissing him, Sherlock did. When he imagined punching him, Sherlock let him. And when he felt what they had done was wrong. Sherlock stopped everything. The nights in each others' arms, the frequent cases, the visits, the kiss.
He found the courage to look at her.
"Yeah, yeah, Sherlock, what happened?"
"Yeah, they do."
___________
John stared at his gun for a long time that night.
"Let him, I killed his wife."
"Yes, John. Wasn't it obvious?"
John didn't ask why Sherlock had the urge to sleep next to him. He feared if he asked Sherlock would leave or say it was part of some experiment or anything really. What could he possibly say to justify it which wouldn't be bad?
Occasionally, at his therapists insistence, he would go to the graveyard but he wouldn't go anywhere near Sherlock's grave. He would walk around, avoiding it and then would go to therapy and say he visited Sherlock's grave. Such was the life of John Watson.
She smiled at him. Her eyes on his.
"Well, that's umm. Its umm."
Why did this feel like goodbye?
John's bedroom is converted into a bedroom for Rosie.
John moaned into his neck. He felt Sherlock rut against him. God, he was so hard. He pulled him closer, desperate for the friction, any friction. But Sherlock was teasing, he was holding back, he wasn't going to let this be over so quickly. Sherlock!
There was a knock at the door. John's hand immediately rose up to his sides.
Problem was, things changed. In a funny way, really. It reminded John of something he'd read before how even though it seemed like everyday was the same, when you looked back, you realise, everything has changed. But that was the problem. Rather than change, rather than go from "Bachelor John Watson" to "oh, he's with the missus", he returned to "Sherlock's flatmate." Everything changed, but it didn't go forward, it went back. It was almost as if Sherlock had never left but whenever John woke up to Sherlock sleeping, he remembered seeing him on the floor with blood splattered all around him, his face hidden from view. He remembered seeing Mycroft smoke, the fiery embers leaving his silent killer and crushing on the floor, making the pavement darker than it ought to be. He remembered grief, pain and eventually, numbness. When he got so used to it all, he no longer remembered what it meant to be happy. He thought, what if Sherlock died again? What if I never have this moment again? Why don't i just fucking carpe diem it and see what happens? What if I go near him and put my arms around his, pull him closer and closer until we're inhaling the same air, until I can see all of him, his vulnerable emotions, his brilliant thoughts, his eyes that can never seem to decide on a color, until we have no choice but to give in, let our lips meet in a much anticipated kiss?
He went back home to Mary and she continued on as if nothing had ever happened, nothing had changed. In her defense, she didn't know John had kissed Sherlock, she didn't know he wasn't loyal. But how could he tell her? How could he tell her that after all they had been through she was just someone or even something to make him distracted? How could he? After all she had done for him?
"Sherlock?"
Sherlock looked away. Ensuring John couldn't see him, he grinned.
"How?" He chucked. "Maybe I, I'm sorry but that was," he smiled again, his eyes sparkling.
"I don't shave for Sherlock Holmes."
"No, we're not actually a c-"
I'll ask. Mary, please say yes.
There was a knock at the door. John's hand immediately rose up to his side.
John walked over to see him laughing into his hand as the bomb lay with the timer flashing the same number over and over and over again.
He sank in his chair. His tea had gone cold now.
"You complete and utter cock!"
And found a cure for cancer
John looked at Mary. She was staring at the waiter too.
There was only one thing John felt in that moment and it was betrayal. The eight letter word he couldn't quite put his finger on.
John, out of habit, scoffed at Sherlock. The man began to approach them and spewed out rehearsed lines about domestic abuse when John stopped him, saying,
John blinked.
"You're a git."
And then, he saw Sherlock. A song he had listened to in his childhood came to mind, the lyrics went,
What was John thinking? Telling Sherlock he loved him? What about Mary? What about Sherlock "married to my work" Holmes? This could not happen. Even if he wanted it to.
And had been gifted kidneys for experimentation
Some people smile with their entire face, you know? Not just their lips but their eyes. You know someone old lived a happy life when they're wrinkles around their eyes. John eyes didn't wrinkle, not anymore beacuse no matter how hard he tried, his eyes, if one cared to stare in them deep enough, long enough, would notice he was broken. But no one noticed except John himself. When he looked into Sherlock's eyes, he saw his own reflection staring back at him and be realised his pain was showing, his desire for Sherlock was showing, he was no longer invisible. And it scared him. It scared the hell out of him. Vulnerability was something he'd buried. Sentiment was something he had shed. His walls were up so strong he realised, he hadn't even let himself in. And when Sherlock broke his walls down, John didn't walk inside with him, he didn't jump off the building with him, he merely watched and cried out his name as he jumped off the very walls John has built to keep him out to his death.
"Mrs Hudson is going to have a field day," John said after a while. "She's going to say 'I told you so' and then she's going to laugh and laugh and laugh."
"Yes, I've always wondered, why did you leave Clara?" he stepped properly into the kitchen and leaned on the table, spreading his palms across the surface and eyeing Harry.
"Our little girl, growing up!" he exclaimed in an excited but hushed tone. "Oh, Sherlock!"
"John, are you alright?"
"John, aren't there dozens of pubs in London?" Sherlock said as a taxi pulled up beside them. John flicked Sherlock another smirk. Gosh, he was doing well today; he ought to keep a tally!
Sherlock considered him, his blue eyes assessing. They weren't perfectly blue, John noticed. They were...well...the colour of a storm over an ocean. Layers of electric blues, navy blues, slight grey's, forest greens, autumn greens and flecks of hazel, all blending and melting together to create an almost blue. When Sherlock next spoke, he spoke in a very careful, very concise and deep tone which John associated with bad news and upset feelings.
With those words, those words between them, John leaned forwards and kissed Sherlock. He had never imaged doing that, pressing his lips to Sherlock's but it felt right. Somehow, inexplicably, it felt right. His heart was thundering but not from fear this time. His hands snaked around Sherlock's neck and tangled in his curly hair, holding him. Sherlock didn't move, didn't kiss him back. Suddenly, all at once, John felt terrible. Sherlock wasn't that kind of guy! He drew back, letting Sherlock go and hastily began apologizing, voice tripping over itself. God, why on earth did he do that? Sherlock was not one for open displays of affection and just imposing it on him was unbelievably stupid and rude.
He dreamed of absolutely nothing. His brain was so exhausted, it didn’t even have the energy to make up a dream and John was glad of that. He woke up feeling a little disorientated but, in general, quite a lot better. It took him a moment to figure out why he had woken up. Then his stomach rumbled loudly, answering the unspoken question. Shaking his head slightly, John sleepily climbed out of bed, fixed himself some cereal, consumed it and crawled back into bed. His eyes slid closed once more and this time, he dreamed of the beach.
"Which begs the question: why did they get stolen?" John concluded. "You said the way it was done was strange?"
"It's nice to be here though," Greg smiled over at Sherlock, Rosie and Redbeard.
"Sherlock?" John wanted to tell the other man something, something that had been preying on his mind for a long time but the words didn't quite make it from his brain to his mouth and he slumped, crumpling into Sherlock's thin arms. The world was spinning, curling away from him and he felt so incredibly useless. Sherlock's face hovered above him, swirling in a mist that covered his eyes. John desperately wanted to tell him something but it kept slipping from his consciousness. He felt himself rising, gliding higher and he realized, with detached wonder, that Sherlock was carrying him. An angel. He looked rather like an angel with a halo of black instead of gold or white and suddenly John remembered what he wanted to tell Sherlock but before he could open his mouth, he was gone.
Sherlock didn't say anything more on the topic, instead poking his head into the kitchen to make sure Harry was going to go to bed and not being tempted by the left over wine on the bench. She was just hanging up her tea towel and pulling the plug in the sink. She waved to John and Sherlock before clattering upstairs to bed. John found himself inching closer to Sherlock, hoping they might be able to go to bed, not holding any resentment about the Mycroft issue. He took Sherlock's hand and twisted a little so he stood directly in front of the other man, staring upwards at his face.
"Thanks," John said, finishing his tea and putting the cup down. "Thank you."
"Morning indeed."
Things had changed in 221B Baker Street and it had not gone unnoticed. Mrs Hudson, the woman who was most attuned to her boys in the flat above, had noted the looks shared between Sherlock and John and pulled John aside three mornings after the evening of...well...sharing. Sherlock was taking an exorbitantly long time in the shower and John had Rosie sitting on his hip while he made toast and tea. Mrs Hudson poked her nose into the kitchen with her customary "ooo-oo" and leaned on the door frame.
As his shoes squeaked him down the linoleum corridor, he wondered which interesting characters he’d meet today. The last time he’d done the shift, he’d met a cranky old man who kept demanding to know when he’d kick the bucket (John couldn't help but mutter, under his breath, that the time couldn't come soon enough) and a cheerful but heart breaking little girl. Why was she heart breaking? She was only four years old and struggling to breathe, each day her lungs giving up a little bit more. Perpetually happy, she always smiled for John, even when she couldn't catch her breath at all.
"And why is that?" John asked. Keep control of the situation, he told himself. Try and gain the upper hand. Someone will come soon. Greg will alert the police for backup.
"Jesus," he couldn't contain his voice and it echoed around the bathroom, obvious and giving him away. But he couldn't help it. Crumpled in the bathtub was Mr and Mrs Hall, throats slashed and bodies limp. "Jesus Christ."
But Greg didn't answer. John turned back to the matter at hand, on the lookout for more blood. He really wished he had his gun now. There was more blood staining the wooden floor and John knew that his suspicions had been correct. Something fishy was going on. Sherlock would be rubbing his hand together gleefully, telling everyone that the case was finally getting fun. But John wasn't Sherlock and instead of being delighted, John was on high alert. He had a premonition of dread that something was about to happen. It was that cliché movie line that gave it away; it was quiet. Too quiet. As if the house was waiting, holding its breath, waiting to spring into life. John's heart beat faster, a seed of fear blooming in his stomach, curling into his chest and limbs. Tension gripped his body and he forced it away, knowing that if he had to defend himself, he would need to be fluid, supple. He carefully stepped further down the hallway, coming to another door which was thrown open. John, after straining his ears for some kind of noise, peeked in. It was a bathroom and this was where the trail of blood led. Every cell in his body screamed at him to leave, to go and find Greg, get backup and just get the hell out of there. But Mary and Sherlock had been right. He was addicted to a certain kind of lifestyle, addicted to danger. And so, ignoring the warning bells clanging in his head, John stepped into the bathroom.
"John," Sherlock rose from his chair and stood in front of John, laying his thin hands on John's shoulders, attracting John's gaze. "John, I'm here, okay?"
"She's cute," Harry said finally. "She looks like you."
John drew back, a broad grin lighting up his face. Sherlock was awake! He felt like skipping, though he knew he'd receive some very odd looks if he did. Greg looked delighted too but also very smug that he'd finally solved a case before Sherlock.
"Mycroft Holmes!" Sherlock said loudly. "Tell me what you really came for."
John sat bolt upright in bed, clenched fists gripping the bedsheets and sweat pouring from his face to soak into his pale tee-shirt. His breaths came in short, sharp bursts as if he had been running hard for a long time. Just a dream. It was just a dream. John exhaled deeply and checked his wristwatch. 5:47am. Knowing he would never get back to sleep now, he swung his legs out of bed, setting his bare feet on the floor and glancing instinctively over at the cot which sat in the corner of his room. Rosie slept soundly and John envied her for that. He stood, running his hands through his hair before crossing the room to glance at his sleeping daughter. Bundled up among her soft blankets and surrounded by multitudes of soft toys gifted by well-meaning friends, it was almost difficult to actually see the baby. Her blonde hair was tangled and curling around her head like a small halo against the pillow and her tiny thumb was tucked into her mouth, bow lips parting to let it in. The rest of her was obscured by plush, apart from her tubby little feet, poking out from the ocean of blankets. She looked like Mary though Mrs Hudson had said she had inherited John's eyes. John couldn't see it himself but then again, he wasn't one to stare deeply at his own reflection. Smiling fondly at Rosie, he rearranged her blankets so they covered her little feet and left the room, heading downstairs and into the kitchen where Sherlock had abandoned some experiment involving nitric acid, fingernails and chalk. Rolling his eyes, John swung the fridge door open to fetch an apple.
"Very well," he said and shuffled into the kitchen to make tea. John, sitting cross legged by the fire with Rosie in his lap, thought about Harry. He had to do something. He owed it to her and he owed it to everyone around him. Rosie began gurgling again so John continued reciting the story.
"Morning," Sherlock said, glancing over at John who was watching their antics with a loving smile on his face.
"Well then," Sherlock patted his knees to entice the puppy. "Come here, Redbeard."
"Well, I assume you're now perfectly fine," came a curt voice. Sherlock stopped laughing instantly and straightened up, face suddenly composed, the only thing giving him away being the tears of laughter still running down his face. John hiccuped a few times before standing too and clutching Rosie to his shoulder. All dressed in his suit and tie, Mycroft stood in the doorway to the kitchen, his umbrella (which John now knew had hidden capabilities which would have made James Bond proud) tucked under his arm and a look of great irritation on his face.
"That's not true," John protested. "Just because it's...unrequited? Just because it's unrequited, doesn't mean it doesn't matter!"
"Did you have a nice ride, John?" the man asked. He'd dropped his Irish accent and now sounded like a very common Londoner, leaving out letters and mispronouncing most of his words. Guttersnipe, Sherlock would have called it.
"You liked it," John nodded slowly, letting that idea sink in. "Okay."
"Right away, sir," the operator said. "Please hold."
"I'm fine," Sherlock spluttered, voice very hoarse and very high and rather strained. It was so out of character that John began laughing properly again. Meanwhile, Rosie had stopped finding everything funny and just wanted breakfast and began chewing on John's shirt collar in frustration.
"It appears that way," Sherlock replied, pacing in front of the window with his back to John again, seeming unable to look at him.
"Hello John," he said in a very friendly manner, clapping John on the back and then staring at Rosie with mild disbelief. "Who's this?"
"Mycroft Holmes got lonely," he said gleefully. "My goodness, times really are changing!"
He stood, illuminated by the fire and John felt a strange urge rising in his chest, compelling him to stand up. Though he was so much shorter than Sherlock, they maintained eye contact, John pleading silently with Sherlock. He needed him. Of course, Sherlock could read that clear as day and it registered in his eyes. Slowly, as if in a trance, Sherlock reached out with both thin hands and cupped John's face. John exhaled deeply, swallowing hard, his pulse sky rocketing at the gentle touch.
