“Gross,” Castiel said but couldn't help the laugh that bubbled up in his chest.  They moved through the line and got their food.  The hall was pretty filled and when Dean mentioned eating outside instead Castiel eagerly agreed.  He was okay but with so many people in one room it was a bit claustrophobic.  There were a few tables outside and thankfully they managed to snag one that all five of them could sit down at.
Castiel gasped as the guy slumped heavily on top of him.  It took much longer than he liked to realize there was blood oozing out of the raider’s temple.  He managed to push the heavy weight off of him just as the last few shots were fired. Then it was quiet again.  Castiel slumped to the ground with a weary grunt.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We’ll be out in a few, thanks Sammy,” Dean called out, grateful that he knew his brother well enough to know that would be the end of it.
He only had to knock once when the door was pulled open to reveal a very sleepy looking Samandriel, “Castiel, hi.  What-” he started but a yawn interrupted him, “Sorry, what are you doin here?” he asked opening the door further. Castiel stepped inside, the scents of their home making him hum softly.
Charlie chuckled, “Nah, nothing that interesting.  I did find some documentation about the Glowing Sea though,” Charlie said with a shrug.  When Dean stared at her she continued, “It’s on the very outer edge of Boston, southwest of The Castle.  There’s no record of how large the area is exactly but it’s where our Rad Storms originate from.  The entire place is like, well, a
“I want to kiss you again,” he said softly.
Caleb swallowed hard and nodded, his eyes brimming with tears but he managed to keep them from falling.  Gods she just wanted to hug him right now.
“RJ,” Castiel called out, tilting his head to get the man to follow him, “You got a minute?”
had something together?”
Cain grinned even wider and started to head out, his entire body stilling when he nearly ran into Castiel at the door, “Oh, heya Cas,” he said.
“Everything okay?” Garth asked.
“Damn it is good to see you both,” Castiel said once they were close enough and enveloped MacCready into a tight hug.
“Oh...wow...mmm, okay,” Castiel swallowed hard, his body not wanting to stop twitching especially with Dean’s hands still touching him, “That was amazing,” he hummed, licking over his bottom lip.  He battled back the nerves and slowly pushed his own hand down into the front of Dean’s pajamas.
“And totally gone on you.”
Mary wanted to demand that they talk now.  She missed her son and the ache in her chest was throbbing at having to be away from him any longer.  But, he was a man now.  One with priorities and a need to take care of someone he clearly loved with his whole being.  Mary took in a deep breath and nodded, letting it out slowly as she smiled.
“What did I do?  I’ll fix whatever it is Rhia,” she begged pulling the other girl closer.  Rhiannon laughed softly, her free hand lifting to wipe a stray tear. Leeloo hated herself a bit more when another one quickly fell.
“Oh no you don’t,” Amara muttered, standing up to follow after him. He was fast, but she knew him better than he knew himself and it made it easy to track him down. Although it was much less comfortable outside, apparently Castiel wanted to be dramatic so she would indulge him. It didn’t happen often.
Bobby eyed both boys for a moment before dragging a hand down his face, “Alright, so...obviously you got somethin you wanna say,” he said.
“You look better than okay, granted I am partial but sweetheart...if this wasn’t so important I’d strip you down right here and now,” Dean promised, knowing the heat in his eyes would say as much. Cas was gorgeous any day of the week but fuck if it didn’t make his motor run to see the guy in formalwear. “Actually, just wait til we get home and I’ll show you just how much I like the new threads,” he said, raspily against Cas ear, before dropping a kiss to his cheek. “Did you lay out what you wanted me to wear or do I have to pick something myself?”
“It’s alright Vince, now, what’s the problem?” Weathers asked looking between the two men.  MacCready he recognized, the other one took a few minutes to place.  Benny...kid from Sanctuary.  When MacCready began to argue Weathers tsked at him, “I need to make sure I have what I need or I’ll have to make a pit stop somewhere.  Give me a summary.”
“That wasn’t-”
“Alright Cas, I’m going to lay you on your back now, just breathe,” Weathers said softly.
Dean didn’t have the best vantage point, but he used the scope of Benny’s rifle to see a little better across the long distance. He watched as a figure in a long, black leather trench coat get knocked hard on their ass only to pop right back up and start shooting. The movements themselves were impressive, not to mention graceful. He’d never seen anyone move that way, with purpose and without fear it seemed.
“You are gorgeous, I know you don’t see it but Cas... you-“ he paused, making sure to look up and catch Castiel’s gaze. “You are so beautiful, I-when Amara sent me that picture of you I could barely breathe, and when I actually saw you for the first time...I just wanted to make you mine right then and there.”
“Dean-o, this one over here is for you,” Bobby said pointing to the heavy leather gauntlets, the thick trench coat, and the iron breastplate, “May not look like much but it’ll protect you, even from bullet sprays.  Just...try not to get shot at point blank.”
Yes, he was okay.  He’d heal from this and grow stronger from it and no, he wasn’t willing to watch Dean walk out of his life.  He smiled softly and pulled on Dean’s hand, getting the man to sit down beside him on the couch. With a surge of confidence, he swung his leg over Dean’s and settled down in his lap so they could be eye to eye.
Yeah, I kinda figured…
Leeloo cracked open an eye, a laugh bubbling out of her lips when she caught the irritated look from her sister Aine.  She looked so much better this morning, even with her dark hair sticking up in every direction. Leeloo sat up and helped comb her fingers through it before kissing her forehead.
“We have a safe house in each of my areas except for Rhode Island. I thought at first they wouldn't need one, being that they are so small, but I received word that it is something they’d like. We only have enough for about half of the funding,” she said with a grimace. Next to him Sam quickly went through Michael Novak’s reports on their account and nodded to Dean.
“Just the stuff on the list kid,” Bobby said, “Now go on.  After you visit with Sam get to bed. You’re gonna need your rest.”
Message to Castiel: Can I bring you food?
“You’re fucking welcome,” Dean hissed under his breath once they were out of earshot.
“Her name is Amara, she came into the Roadhouse last night, left
“You’re welcome, I know bein’ cooped up was driving you crazy. I’d be the same way too, but you still gotta take it easy, I don’t want you re-injuring something.” MacCready said, slowly biting off a piece of some kind of meat, he didn’t ask anymore, and groaned.
“So how was the trip, everything go okay?” he asked, forcing himself to look at Benny who didn’t seem to be at all bothered by the quick interaction.
Dean dug his hand beneath the fabric of Cas’ pajamas and quickly, frantically stroked him off. It wasn’t quite what he’d pictured for the first time they came together but he could tell Cas needed it and the rest, the rest could wait.  “That’s it, sweetheart,” Dean said when Cas’ hips began to move along with him, chasing his climax.
“No problem, I’ll be right here..I’ll come after you if he starts changin’ colors anywhere,” MacCready said, but Dean shook his head.
“Well Castiel, if you really plan to shoot me I guess there’s not much I can say that will change your mind here but...There’s some information, and you need to hear it. So maybe wait until that part’s over before you kill me, yeah?”
“I love that you chose to be a teacher but I still don’t quite understand the draw to teach
“Happy birthday Ken.”
Dean pulled his panicked lover to the side, hiding just barely behind a stronger, taller part in the wall. It wouldn’t be enough to dissuade Bobby or his mom or maybe even Sammy from coming out further to look for him but it would give him a few minutes and MacCready seemed to not be freaking out nearly as much as Cas.
“How bad is it this time?” Dean asked softly.
about Dean being a Minuteman and a good guy, but he suspected Benny was one as well. Not to mention the fact that they’d been searching for them after they hit the castle and he still didn’t know why. “I’m not saying forever, but stay here with us for the night, or maybe a couple of days if necessary.”
She smiled down at her phone.
“Could we join you, just to chat while you eat?” Dean asked as a bud of hope grew in his chest. He didn’t want to put too much faith in finding out what happened but at least Charlie looked like a semi-normal person which was the first he’d run into since being in this damn place. She was nice too, openly so, which meant if they were going to get any information at all, it was going to be Charlie that gave it to them.
this Dean,” he said, getting his hand back where it had been traveling before.  Before Dean could utter another sound, Castiel gripped the base of his cock and both of them moaned, “You...you are much bigger than I thought,” he said.
“Wait, you’re serious?” he said, snatching his phone back immediately
“Don’t you worry sweetheart,” she promised, “I’ll take care of him myself if I have to, he won’t lay a finger on you or the baby.”
He found Dean where Mary had said, walking around the high wood and metal walls, testing for any weak patches.  It was something the older Winchester boy did nearly every day, “Hey kiddo,” Bobby called out, arms crossing over his chest.
Dean rushed through the rest of his patrol, not in a way that would put anyone in danger but he just moved a little faster than he normally would between the stops. He was eager to finish out his shift and head over to where Benny was staying.
“Are you invested in the movie at all?” he asked.
“Okay, so you said his town was called Sommerville right?” Charlie asked keeping her finger in place.
“Of course, you’re Dean’s brother.  You deserved to know,” he said with a warm smile.
Samandriel laughed, “Just like their damn fathers,” he grinned.  Castiel clinked their mugs together and chuckled.
MacCready stared at the table for what felt like a really long time as the story unfolded in his mind.  He could see it as clear as day, “Samuel wanted the two of you. He’s all about bringing in recruits, especially if they’re family.  Feels like the loyalty will be stronger that way. He probably got pissed that your dad couldn’t get you and even more so when the Minutemen took him out.  That’s why he went after those settlements and I’d bet my sweet ass that the ‘raiders’ who had attacked Sommerville were really Gunners but Cas ain’t gonna remember what the hell they wore.  He was too young and terrified. Fucking hell,” MacCready spat, dragging his fingers over his face and through his hair, knocking his hat off in the process.
Castiel hummed softly, “I can’t wait, they smell fantastic,” he said and watched as Dean set the oven timer, “Can we watch a movie after they’re done?” he asked biting his lip.  Hey may or may not have ulterior motives but Dean didn’t know that...not yet anyway.
husband.”
and then promised to stop apologizing.  They sat there like that, with Castiel clinging to Dean on his lap for a long time.  Long enough that Dean’s legs must be either cramping or falling asleep.
. I saw my future, I saw my home. Cas you are what gets me out of bed in the morning, what helps me sleep at night, you’re the piece of me that I didn’t even know was missing until I met you…” he said, voice wavering a bit with the sheer intensity of what he was feeling at that moment. “When I went to buy a ring I had no idea what to look for, you’re somehow the easiest and most difficult person to shop for so instead of buying the biggest or clearest diamond, I designed and created this just for you, because just like you, it needed to be unique.” Dean swallowed, tears stinging at his eyes just then, more words than he felt like he’d ever said at once, and then lowered himself down onto one knee. “Castiel Novak, I can’t imagine spending a single day without you for the rest of my life and I’m hoping I won’t have to. After thirty days of failed proposals, will you please put me out of my misery and say yes?”
“Alright,” he said, returning back to his delicious steak.  It was perfect as always and he got lost back in the conversations flowing around him.  It wasn’t until the desserts were being brought out that he realized Dean still hadn’t come back.  He was going to give Dean a few more minutes but then Ellen came out with her prized peach cobbler.
“And how am I supposed to trust you!  What if you’re lying just to make me feel better!” Brady all but screamed, his voice breaking here and there.  It reminded Dean of just how young Brady really was. He let Brady pace around the room, waiting for the kid to get tired, which he did and slumped back down in his window seat.
“I’m not in any rush, sweetheart. We’ve got time.”
“I don’t see why not.  As long as your homework and chores are done I don’t mind.  Unless your dad has plans that I’m not aware of,” she said with a shrug.  Henry nodded and gave her a kiss on the cheek and headed out of the building himself.
Aine felt horrible.  Every turn of her head ripped a whimper out of her throat and she couldn’t get comfortable.  It didn’t matter that Jer and Selly were in their wolf forms, snuggling with her as tightly as they could.  The pile wasn’t complete without her older sister and brother. She knew Mason hated her, could even understand why but it didn’t make it any less painful.  A tear slid down her cheek and whined again as Jericho licked at her cheek.
Dean waited until he was fully upstairs to let his smile show. “It happened, Ben. We’re finally being sent on a mission. Head out first thing tomorrow for The Castle,” he said, pulling his best friend into a sleepy side hug. “I can’t believe we’re actually getting out of here, man.”
That had been the beginning. Soon after, another group had requested an audience with Dean.  Abner was a large, intimidating man at first glance. He was even larger and beefier then Benny.  Dean had always joked that Benny was more bear than wolf and well, Abner proved him wrong. Abner was kind and gentle but could be firm and fierce when he absolutely needed to be. He was the Iompróidh rí, the King of the Bears. There were only a few groups spread out among the states but Abner was the leader much like Rowena was the queen of the leopards. They resided in Wyoming and the man was never without his second, Benjamin, at his side.
“No Cas, please...just hear me out,” Dean said, which earned him an eventual nod from Castiel so he continued. “Look, I-I wanted to, I wanted it so bad that I’d probably trade my goddamn oxygen for just one kiss but-but I couldn’t, at least not until you know the truth.”
“Looks like we’re here, keep an eye out for anything that feels off.”
Castiel shook his head and rubbed his eyes under his glasses, “No, was going to make some hot chocolate and was wondering if you wanted some or coffee,” he said and looked at the camera, instantly seeing the chat fill with hellos towards him, “Hello everyone,” he said and kissed Dean on the cheek just to make his boyfriend blush.
“I’m not picky, today, tomorrow, whenever, wherever, as long as you’re mine.”
“Whatever you need, sweetheart. I’ll support you, buuut if you wanted to stay home we could always capture him and drag his ass back here for you,” Dean teased, though he knew it wasn’t really a viable plan. He just wished for once that his husband would stay out of the line of fire, though he guessed if he could, he probably wouldn’t be the same man he’d fallen head over heels in love with. “I know, I know..can't blame a guy for tryin though.”
There was a tickle on the back of Castiel’s neck and he turned, breath lodging in his throat as he caught sight of Dean sauntering his way over.  He gasped and tried to not look as thrown as he felt. Dean was...the picture did him absolutely no justice, just as Amara had said. This was so unbelievably unfair.
Castiel shook his head, “No.  I made that decision, he just went along with it, saying that it was my body and ultimately my choice.”
“No, it isn’t.  It’s more than I could have ever imagined.  How in the hell did you guys manage all of this?” Benny asked moving to sit next to MacCready careful to keep some space between them though.
This story will be finished because I love it and I have been writing this for so fucking long that it would be just...an insult to not only myself but to all of you who have stayed with me through this.
The feeling of horror took over him and he could feel his face giving it away, “I would
Dean woke up feeling fuzzy and warm, he had been so cold the last week it was a stark difference; especially the weight against his chest, the obvious telltale sign that things were right in the world again.
Castiel fidgeted.  One mission and his best friend was thinking about abandoning him?  He knew Benny was hurt and Castiel owed him more than he could ever repay back for saving MacCready but they had their own mission to complete, one that went beyond today.  He swallowed a bit at the bitter taste in his mouth and picked at his rifle strap.
“Not making any promises, Dean.”
“Mmhm, Daddy’s not here though,” Aine pouted.  Leeloo laughed again and shook her head.
Castiel rolled his eyes fondly but leaned up for another kiss as Dean and Benny both got up from the table.
He swallowed hard as he covered Dean’s hands with his own, “I-I think...I think we should tell your mom...and Bobby,” he said quietly.
When was the last time you ate fresh ingredients?
“We miss you too Dean. There’s a lot to talk about when you get home but I figured the meeting was over and it was safe to call without interrupting,” he said. Dean frowned and moved to sit down on one of the benches.
“I’m not sure how to begin,” he said.
“Happy.”
Benny wondered if this was what it felt like to get run over buy a truck or however it was that saying goes.  He’d seen it in a few books from before the Great War and never understood it. Until now. Everything hurt, even drawing breath made his body shudder but there was a voice calling out to him.  He grunted, feeling his stomach churn as he slowly rolled over onto his back.
“Cready!” Castiel yelled.  He didn’t need to hear his friend’s acknowledgment, he charged forward, tackling one of the last standing raiders.
Benny chuckled, “No worries.  Just come find me,” he said and quickly grabbed at Dean’s shoulder, “Wait before I forget, I’ve uh, I’ve got my own house now,” he said with a shy smile, “Bobby said I could have that small one in the cul de sac.”
“How are you guys?” Dean asked.  Nancy shrugged, leading the way to the kitchen.  She offered him some coffee to which he declined.
“Good,” Castiel said, waiting for Dean to lay down before crawling in after him.  He maneuvered into his favorite spot that was now magnified tenfold due to Dean being shirtless, “Sweet dreams Dean.”
“Cricket? Miller? I don’t know half of these people...Carla though...I won’t be forgetting her any time soon,” Dean confessed, the woman made his skin crawl in the most unpleasant way. Worse than feeling a threat out in the Commonwealth, just his hair constantly on end and relentless prickles of anxiety.
“Hi Lee, I’m sorry,” he said quickly.
“Whoa, hey,” Benny chuckled but stopped immediately when he caught the almost betrayed look on his friend’s face.  Without another word he lead Dean into a more private area and grabbed at his shoulders, “Dean, what happened?” he asked quietly.
“Let’s get him back to Jamaica Plains for the night,” Castiel said firmly, leaving no room for any arguments.
Bobby quirked a brow at Dean, “Well, it’s not exactly like we can rebuild the walls-”
He took one more quick look at his hair, before calling it done. He was grateful for the timing of this particular chance meeting because he’d already had some burgers that had been marinating in his fridge all day so he grabbed a quick shower and then grilled them up and grabbed a handful of shit from the pantry for sides.
“What do you mean Ken?”
Dean took in a deep breath and began telling him the reason why he’d gone looking for MacCready and then to find him.  At first Castiel didn’t want to listen, the words coming out of Dean’s mouth were lies but the looks on the others’ faces made him pause, especially MacCready’s.  So he continued to listen even though with each uttered sentence, he felt like he was drowning. Especially when Dean admitted that not only was Castiel wrong about who had attacked his home, but it had been a member of Dean’s family.
“Y’know, not that I’m a fan of the guy or anything but I’ll admit, Dean was damn persistent about staying by your side the whole time you were out. I don’t think he left you even once. I uh, saw someone bring some food in here to him but I gotta admit, he’s either brave or stupid...maybe a little of both.”
Warning: Dean goes into a spontaneous rut and Victor thinks the worst.  Castiel knows what he’s doing and getting into when he throws himself at Dean so this is NOT non-con.  Victor just has never witnessed anything like this before.
Once they made their way back home, it was practically sunrise; Dean looked at the pictures on his phone and grinned. He cropped the ring out quickly and send the edited copy to Cas before restoring it to the original for himself. He then posted it, a smug grin on his face.
Benny nodded, his gun out and cocked as they closed in on the damaged walls of The Castle.  Nothing jumped out at them, just the sounds of the farmers working the land and guards patrolling.  Benny waved his hand in greeting, showing the emblem sewn into his jacket as Dean did the same. They were permitted passage and Benny had no idea what he was expecting but it wasn’t...this.
“No, just be a good boy and do as you’re told and I won’t have to put you in a headlock,” he said, taking in a deep breath. Dean had almost told him, almost came out and said it but he wanted it to be a surprise and at least two people already knew about it. He wouldn’t risk more. The screen finally came down and he sighed in relief as he made sure all the slides were in place.
Talk to him, either fix it or break up with him, whatever you want I’ll support you but it’s not fair to him to drag him along like this.
After a few minutes, the doc turned to them all with a grim expression. “He needs to rest for a little while and I’ll keep an eye on him, but if there’s gonna be someone in here, watch for any bruising around his ribcage or abdomen, with so many fractures the chance of him bleeding internally is high and if that’s the case we’ll have to operate, but like I said before, last resort.”
“You have five pups eagerly waiting to see you and I doubt you want them to see you naked like this,” he grinned, leaning down to press their lips together.  Castiel hummed in response, his arms draping lazily around Dean’s shoulders.
“I won’t, I’m sorry.  I’m so sorry for everything.  I just...I
“You got that order for 3 done yet?” Dean asked, smiling gratefully when his board was loaded down.  They were all business suit types, which they didn’t get much of at the Roadhouse but he suspected they’d tip alright as long as he didn’t keep them waiting.
Dean swallowed, part of him worried about Cas if he was willing to just let him in that close after such a short time but most of him, felt overwhelming relief that Cas trusted him.
“Nothin’ like reality to stand in the way of happiness,” Dean said with a laugh, though he was still pretty damn happy. At least Bobby would understand and they’d be able to team up together to get rid of Samuel once and for all. Even if he wasn’t a direct threat to Cas and the baby, Samuel had already proven himself an enemy of the Minutemen, and taking on allies like Cas and his people could only mean they were all safer.
“I’ll keep an eye on her.  If they haven’t settled this before her birthday we’ll step in.  I don’t want her sixteenth birthday being ruined because the two of them are butting heads,” Samandriel said.
“He’s telling you the truth Sam.  I’m what some would call a ‘breeder’.  I’m carrying your brother’s child, your niece or nephew,” Castiel explained biting on his lip.  Sam got up from the couch and paced a little before turning to them again, fingers pulling at his hair.
Kenton pushed his phone into his back pocket as he took the steps two at a time to his front door.  He could hear his mom Anna singing in the kitchen, the smile on his face broadening when he caught sight of her dancing as well.  The radio was on one of her favorite stations that played only eighties pop hits and he shook his head.
Off in the distance, he could see two figures, moving right in the direction of the factory.
Castiel shook his head as he turned Dean’s hands to kiss each of his palms then his wrists, “No, never again.  I don’t care what they say anymore, you’re more important to me than their whispered...
“Hey man, I figured you knew.  And what does it matter if they used to?  That was before they met us and it ain't like they’re doin it now or do you not trust him?” Benny asked with a quirked brow.
When he finally calms down, Cas has turned around so he's lying on his back and he looks up at Dean with an expression that Dean's stupid, inebriated brain wants to describe as awe.
He had never thought about it until now, since the way Charlie interacted with him hadn't changed, but his weird behavior must've come up.
A boy who makes mistakes, but tries his hardest time and time again.
"How could you have known that  my manners and capability to function like a human would leave me in his presence."
Cas blinks, unable to believe that this is truly happening.
Like neither gravity nor judgement could tie him to the ground.
He rubs the back of his neck as he watches Cas fumble with his keys.
Unlike other kids, he did not care about the candy -even though he ate his fill every year- what was most important to him was dressing up.
What does he have to lose?
Cas, completely unfazed by Dean's outburst, starts humming out of tune.
As expected, Charlie is chatting with Gilda, her girl crush since forever, who is dressed as a fairy and looks absolutely stunning.
He will be brave from now on.
"I am just gonna make your order," Dean says and great, now he is narrating himself, because that's how much of a professional he is.
"You two are idiots," is the first thing Sam says to him, before he pushes him onto the couch next two Cas.
This seems to be the wrong question, because Dean ducks his head and the easy smile on his face grows sheepish as he shrugs.
Maybe Dean has simply decided that dating his best friend did not turn out like he hoped it would.
He actually has no idea where anything is, so he decides to follow the faint sound of music that gets louder with each step he takes away from the front door.
He's already wearing comfortable clothes but now that it will be just him, he might as well break out his most ridiculous pair of sweatpants.
The notebook, as insignificant and unimpressive as seems from the outside, is no longer just a notebook to Cas.
he snaps his mouth shut to keep himself from babbling, but by now the man must think he's batshit crazy.
Dean is petting Cas's hair, and Cas is lying in his lap with his hand still on Dean's cheek, even though his eyes are closed now.
"And we'll talk when I get back."
He trails off, smiling sheepishly at his passionate outburst.
Just thinking about it now makes his heart beat faster.
"It's called exposure therapy, Dean. This is for your own good," she states as she pushes him through the door into the bookstore she works in.
It's when the year says goodbye with one final bang, colorful explosions illuminating the sky and even though he knows all about the negative effects of fireworks, Castiel can't help but be enraptured by its ephemeral beauty.
It’s not like he has any right to begrudge Dean his fun.
When he says as much, Dean looks at him like he's grown a second head and Cas realizes that no, Dean doesn't know.
The guilt he was able to suppress for impressive two minutes, hits him like a punch in the gut.
Or another country.
"I'm sorry," he repeated again, swallowing against the lump in his throat, "You don't ever have to see me again, but uhm ..."
"What? Yes, yes I am done, thank you very much," the man stumbles over his words as if he did not expect to be spoken to, which - again - is decidedly not adorable.
"Now... where do you live?"
He could never quite believe that.
Charlie had tried to introduce them once, but Cas -despite being determined to make a good impression- had found himself tongue tied and unable to utter a word, let alone a whole sentence.
It isn’t until Dean laughs so hard, he has to lean on Charlie for support, that he realizes how that sounded.
Dean has told him over and over again how glad he is to have Cas in his life, how much he means to them. He doesn't often use words to express it, but despite his current incapability to interpret his boyfriend's behavior, Cas knows Dean.
His face burns at the thought of having to face Cas again after what just happened, but at least it's all out in the open now.
Abruptly realizing he had raised his voice, Cas shot Charlie an apologetic look, before repeating more quietly: "I should know."
The man pulls the trigger.
With his friends gone, Dean decides to pick up after them and go back inside. It's probably a good time to make an exit himself.
Until he hears Dean's whisper.
When he can no longer stand the silence, he chances a glance up to Cas's face and his heart leaps, when Cas looks at him with a soft smile that jumpstarts his courage enough to blurt out the next words.
Castiel sighed and rolled over, pressing his face against Dean’s chest.  His skin was soft and he couldn’t help nuzzling against it before pulling away to blink tiredly up at Dean, “Morning,” he said.
just yet. If they could find Castiel and talk him into some one on one face time, he’d confess every sin he’d ever committed along with those apparently done by his grandfather, but for now, he had to be able to breathe. “His name is Samuel Campbell, I don’t know if he’s still around or not, but I wouldn’t be surprised.”
When she got to Bobby’s both it seemed everyone was waiting for her so she just quietly took her seat.
Benny dove out of the way of another one and landed on his shoulder with a loud grunt.  There was an audible pop and he was panting heavily. He was pretty sure it was popped out of place now.  He cursed under his breath and somehow managed to pull himself up, his eyes scanning frantically for MacCready.  His heart had just dipped when there was a loud succession of pops, drawing the beast away from Benny. MacCready had gotten himself up on a rock and was shooting nearly point blank at the thing.
Dean opened it, and immediately tossed his phone onto the bed.  “Keep this...for a while. I-I don’t want it back tonight.”
“Will you forgive me?”
Dean turns around to make an exit and promptly crashes into someone who nearly knocks him of his feet.
"Cassie!," a shout interrupts his musings and before he can even open his eyes, an arm is flung over his shoulder and he finds himself very close to the party's host, "I'm so glad you could make it. I was afraid you'd spend the night elsewhere."
"I'm really sorry," he says miserably, watching Dean's eyes flit over their ruined kitchen, "I wanted to do something nice and surprise you with a home cooked meal, but instead failed spectacularly and now our kitchen is a disgusting mess and we have nothing to eat."
Green meets blue. Just for a second.
"Don't worry so much, darling. Just talk to him. It will be fine."
„My name is Dean," he states, even though it's written on his name tag.
"Today I don't," Castiel says and a sad smile appears on his face as he relives memories long gone, "I used to live Christmas. It was my favorite holiday as a kid. I was the first to bring out the decorations, I stayed up all night trying to catch Santa ... my brother and I even laid a few traps, but the only thing we ever caught was the cat."
Cas wants to reach out for him and wipe his tears away, but his hands feel too heavy and he can't remember how they work.
If Castiel was brave, he would touch the back of Dean's hand with his own in the hope of Dean intertwining their fingers, but because he is not he clears is throat again and angles his body so he is facing Dean, breaking their touch.
"What? No, I mean what?," he sputters, perplexed, "How do you know?"
"That is of course, if it's not weird for you."
How is that even possible?
There is pain tearing through him, sharp and hot and ice cold and too much and he has to close his eyes against it.
"Dean," he says, but Dean rests his forehead against Cas' temple and doesn't look at him.
Dean shakes his head.
Not when Dean told him otherwise.
At war, every single minute is a soldier's minute.
"I just don't get the point. If I want something, I buy it. If I want pie, I bake one. If I want to have friends over, I invite them. No special occasion needed."
Dean doesn't know what would be worse, but the thoughts alone make him lift Cas off his lap and stand up. Cas makes a sound of protest but still doesn't open his eyes, he just proceeds to snuggle into the couch cushions.
After what feels like hours, he finally hears the familiar sound of a key turning in its lock and without second thought, he drops everything and runs towards the apartment door.
Immediately all eyes turn to Meg who - like Castiel - has begun to aggressively fan herself. She stops mid-motion to glare at the three of them.
"You hungry?," Dean asks, but his voice is gruff and lacks the enthusiasm he normally shows when it comes to food.
Her delighted squeal earns her a reluctant smile, but she sobers quickly, expression turning earnest once more.
Cas quickly types his reply wishing Bess to get well soon. She and Garth are soon to become parents of twins and their little ones are already keeping them on the go.
Sighing for what feels like the hundredth time today, he decides to come clean.
The bright grin on Charlie's face when she give him the paper, tells him that she's up to something and the moment he opens it, he knows why.
Instead he schools his expression into a professional smile and gestures to the tables and booths around him.
Until he was gone one day.
“It’s mainly Charlie who ditches me.”
Cas comfortably leans back in his seat, listening to Dean softly hum along.
The moment the words are out of his mouth, he regrets them and his palm meets his forehead before he can stop himself.
He starts pacing up and down the small space in front of Cas’ desk, rubbing the back of his neck, biting his lips until he suddenly comes to a halt and glances at Cas.
How could anybody forget Dean Winchester?
"I know, this is probably going to weird you out, but I kinda really like you, Cas."
He sighs, staring at his empty living room that was supposed to be filled with laughter and friends but is void of all life instead.
The silence between them is heavy and Sam doesn't say anything for so long that Dean worries he's hung up on him.
"Why would it be uncomfortable? You guys both told me on separate occasions that you've cleared up your misunderstanding and I know for a fact that you two have a whole lot of things in common.”
"It's alright, Dean. You're human. You make mistakes. We all do."
"I would never."
No good-bye.
Quieter, he adds: "I'm glad you don't hate me."
The moment Dean saunters into the room, Cas' brain locks up and he promptly decides to make good of his plan to hide in the bathroom.
Dean drops his gaze again, but this time he looks at his feet and his shoulders slump as if he just admitted to a crime, leaving Cas more confused than ever.
If maybe there is someone he has overlooked.
"Alright, alright. Fine," Charlie holds her hands up in surrender and starts retreating,
She sighs and rubs her palms against her jeans again. Clearly, she is not happy about having to have this conversation.
Not sure if he should be relieved or scared, he waits for her to continue.
Relief washes over Cas like a wave, but the next second he’s ashamed of himself.
"It's just that I uh ... I came out to my Dad today and I was really worried about his reaction, but then it didn't go over half bad and I decided to celebrate with my best friend and my little brother and ...," Dean cut himself off.
Maybe the idea to get blackout drunk with Sam and Charlie in celebration had not been as good as it had seemed at the time.
Simply not capable of feeling anything beyond physical attraction.
Then man is watching him with an unreadable expression and Dean begs the ground beneath him to open up and swallow him, because there is a beautiful, heartbroken man in front of him and with only one sentence he has managed to fuck up their encounter.
She and Dean must have talked about him once they were in the car.
"I'm glad you kept your promise."
Or maybe the next page will be as empty as the first one.
Yet the only thing his brain is able to focus on is the fact that Dean's shoulder is still touching his.
Not bothering to look through the peephole, he plasters a smile on his face and opens the door.
"I ... uhh ... yeah kinda," he stutters with a crooked grin, unable to lie to Cas, "But now that you're here, we might as well get it over with."
He nodded.
This is mostly due to the fact that the last one he attended led to an unparalleled embarrassment.
He leveled a stern look at his boyfriend.
He almost feels relieved until it occurs to him that Cas might not want to hug him at all, now that he knows how Dean feels about him and the thought has him feeling miserable all over again. This is exactly what he has been afraid of all this time, why he never said anything: The possibility of losing what they had.
"Oh good, you remember me," Dean chuckles and if Cas didn't know better he'd say that Dean sounds nervous, but of course that cannot be true.
He knows it when he sees the man aiming his gun.
"Oh please, dear, I know everything."
He chooses a slice of apple cinnamon pie which is sort of christmassy, but also not really and puts the entire order on a tray without spilling milk or sugar and manages not to burn himself even as he puts everything in front of the man, who is looking out the window like a statue.
It seems very clear now, why Charlie had been so insistent he'd come.
Dean swallows dryly but he cannot find it in himself to break eye contact.
With the fear of rejection evaporating, Dean finds himself spilling all the things he had to hold in for so long.
Castiel gets another clap on the back and with that his friend is gone and he stands alone in the giant entryway of Balthazar's mansion.
This whole situation is just one elaborate show to make clear that Cas is not cut out to ever date Dean Winchester. Ever.
"Well, you can do that when he arrives," she winks at him, "If you can manage."
All Cas can do is hold him close while the other boy bares his soul.
"We've got to do something about this," Charlie states, but she isn't looking at her colleagues.
"Fuck man," he curses, and Dean can't help but laugh at the look of distress on his face.
It's not like he's lying; everything he said is true. It's just not everything that is to be said.
Finally, Cas finishes the water bottle and then looks Dean straight in the eyes and repeats:
When Dean is funny, Cas is too serious.
"I can leave if my order hasn't been enough to occupy this table for so long," the man offers and clearly Dean is not getting his intentions across.
The few times they spoke they got along well, but it didn't happen often enough for them to become friends and they never moved past school related topics.
Dean Winchester leans over his desk, his nose almost touching Cas‘ and he is white as wall.
Dean is angry.
"Is this okay?"
There. He said it out loud. He had a crush on Dean Winchester. Still has.
He doesn't know anything.
"This," he gestures between them, "is everything I ever wanted. I have loved you for forever, but I never thought it possible that you could love me, too."
"Because I know you will and I can do very well without all the shit that goes along with that. I don't need presents, I don't need to be the center of attention and I sure as hell don't need the fake friendliness that comes with the entire thing."
"Not really, no, " he answered truthfully, falling into step with her as she made a beeline for the coffee shop, and he meant it.  Everything was great, but  Dean withholding something as important as his birthday from him made him feel off.
"Do you still want to?"
Green meets blue.
These were his last moments in the most rewarding relationship of his life. It was only a matter of seconds until it would all fall apart.
"Is everything alright?," he asks.
"Hey Dean!" is all Cas can hear before the door slams shut behind her and now his face is reddening for reasons entirely unrelated to the heat.
"Just promise, you won't worry about this all day."
The nervous look in his direction speaks volumes, but Dean is quick to look away again.
When he enters Dean's room, the boy in question has already begun doing his homework, so instead of diving straight into a conversation Dean is clearly trying to avoid, Cas slumps down on Dean's bed, spreads out his books and gets to work as well.
A sudden brightness forced Dean to squeeze his eyes shut, but he'd recognize that low, gravely voice everywhere.
He emerges from his sanctuary of water and the sounds crash over him like waves.
Tick. Tock.
"My idea? What are you even talking about?," Sam sounds so confused, Dean almost believes him.
"You did not go overboard, but you invited the people he loves. You stood in the kitchen for hours, preparing food and baking him three kinds of pie. You got him practical gifts that are still personal - tell you what, if he doesn't want that Marauders' map apron, I'm taking it, and I'm not above stealing his new hoodie either, even though I'm pretty sure you planned on doing that."
"I'll be on my way. Merry Christmas, you idiot."
Spooky season really goes all out this year, seeing as it makes Cas' worst fear reality today.
Charlie had cracked up laughing, but Cas had smiled kindly and shook his hand, before helping him pick up the books even though his eyes had shone with amusement.
No. No, this is not okay. This is the opposite of what Cas wants.
Watching Dean and Charlie share a smile, before they both get to work, seeing the familiarity in the way they move around each other and the fond look on Dean's face when Charlie flops down on her chair with a dramatic sigh, makes him feel even worse about the whole misunderstanding.
"You're welcome," Deans says with an eye-roll and Meg grins in reply.
Cas is creepy when Dean is ...
Exhaling slowly, he turns around and takes in the mess in the kitchen. It smells like a campfire, the formerly white walls have black stains and despite his attempts to aim for the oven there's foam everywhere.
He carries the notebook everywhere and even though guilt gnaws on him whenever he opens it, he is captivated by the words, by the story the stranger tells.
Charlie had said what would soon become a constantly traded line between the two off them and waved him off when he apologized profusely, only telling him that she'd clocked him out on break, before continuing their earlier conversation exactly where they had left off.
"Well if it isn't my Queen," he exclaims and bows exaggeratedly before sweeping Charlie up in a hug despite the fact that her eyes are puffy and her nose is running.
It was on his mind as he sat in class, drowning out his professor's lecture, and it was still occupying his thoughts when he walked across campus to meet with Charlie for coffee.
It snows the day of the Christmas party. The world is covered in white and even though Dean's nerves are killing him, there's a lightheartedness to his surroundings that keeps him from completely freaking out.
Who would write something like this?
His heart already belongs to Cas, he might as well tell him as much.
He did not exaggerate, when he promised an abundance of food.
Her excitement is infectious and she never fails to get him out of his shell - one way or another.
And just like that he's back.
"You know, from tea to coffee?"
"Heya Cas, long time no see," the voice next to him is warm and deep and that's enough for Cas to lift his head and smile.
He sees pain cross Dean's face.
Castiel is not sure if he likes the silence. Without the anchoring presence of Dean's voice, he feels himself drift away.
The only difference between Balthazar's outfit and his usual choice of clothing was that the neckline of his tight black shirt was even more revealing.
He sounds like he's barely holding onto his sanity and Dean's no longer angry, he's worried.
For the first time on this shitty Christmas Day, genuine laughter escapes Dean's lips and the last bit of professionalism goes to hell when he watches Charlie failing to keep up an angry face.
They will be able to see each other the entire time.
Outside he could hear a key rattling against a lock and his anxiety returned immediately with full force.
He watches his own blood run over the calloused hands that are trembling now.
He curses and makes a sprint for the kitchen. He half expects flames to greet him at the door, but they have not yet reached that far. Instead they are licking against the viewing window of the oven, tainting it black.
“I’m just worried about Dean. He hasn’t been the same since his husband’s deployment, and I’m starting to think that maybe…” her voice trailed off as she shrugged off her coat.
Chapter 3 : We Went for a Ride - Fefe Dobson
“Shut up, Winchester!” Claire called from the kitchen, effective cutting him off for the moment.
Chapter 10 : Crystalised - The XX
Cas sighed, knowing there was no way he could tell who he considered one of his closet friends what was really on his mind. He wasn’t very good at lying, especially when drunk, so he forged the best lie that he could.
He clenched his jaw, the hate that he currently felt for himself almost immeasurable. He hadn’t eaten any pie since the previous Thanksgiving, and though he was sure that what he was about to consume would probably be amazing, there was no way in hell he was going to keep it down.
she thought as the white powder floated down steadily from the gray sky above.
Dean closed his eyes, placing his still cold fingers on top of Cas’s. “I love you too,” he returned, voice low and almost breaking. He took a deep breath and inwardly told himself that now was not the time to cry, but his body betrayed him and a stray tear rolled down his cheek.
“You think he’s sick?” he heard Gabriel ask, tone curious.
Turkey sandwich – 450 calories
“I think we’ll start with Dr. Sexy reruns, then work our way to the 1989 version of Batman, starring none other than Michael Keaton and the great Jack Nicholson,” Dean stated as he pushed Cas down onto the sofa and pulled out a Dr. Sexy DVD boxset. When he bent over to put the DVD in, his jeans started to creep down, the
“Kelly, this is my husband, Cas,” Dean introduced him, and Cas shook her hand in kind.
In the midst of his explanation, Dean had managed to hold Cas’s hands, and as the announcement slipped from his lips, he felt Dean squeeze them lightly.
Chapter 11 : Colony - Now, Now
“I don’t want to go either. I really don’t,” Cas said, honesty fully present in his tone.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Sam stated, and the next thing he knew, Dean was on his feet, stabbing a finger in his chest and looking nothing short of a caged animal.
Letting the music consume him, he did lap after lap, blissfully ignoring the rumblings of his distraught and empty stomach. He was almost finished when one of his shoelaces came untied, not realizing it until he’d managed to step on it with his other shoe. He momentarily lost his balance but righted himself before he completely toppled over. Embarrassment reddened his cheeks as a few joggers passed him, though they didn’t appear to pay him any attention. Feeling like a clumsy idiot, he bent down and retied the lace.
“Then why are you staring at me?” Dean asked, pout starting to form on his lips.
He would’ve screamed at himself had his phone not rang,
She was jarred from her thoughts when Dean came back into the small room to fetch the carafe and cups for their customers. He pulled the same forced smile when they made eye contact but remained silent as he went back into the main room.
It didn’t matter how many times he’d told his brother that he was perfectly fucking fine – Sam had refused to listen.
Business did indeed start to pick up, and before Dean knew it, it was already noon. The shop finally quieted down a bit, and he was thankful that he had told Claire and Jack to both go on lunch fifteen minutes previous, leaving him to his own devices for a bit. He refilled the coffee and even grabbed himself a cup. The warm liquid eased down his throat and he gulped it down, not realizing how thirsty he actually was. He poured himself a refill, before heading back to the stock room to grab a few boxes of comics for Jack and Claire to put out when they got back. While he was back there, he heard the bells ring and called out, “Be out in a minute!”
“Oh, come on, Cas!” Dean whisper shouted. “I’m having a good time, isn’t that what you wanted?”
can fit into those anymore,” Cas confessed and handed Dean his pants.
of me?”
“You’ve uh, you’ve lost weight,” she commented, and Dean could feel his eyes wanting to roll into the back of his skull.
Something deep, down inside of him screamed at him that it was wrong to feel such pleasure at Dean’s thinness, but Cas being Cas ignored the voice and kept going, raking his nails against clothed ribs and bare hipbones and before long, the feeling was too much and he was coming harder than he ever had before, Dean following not to far behind.
“For what?” Cas asked, tone laden with sadness and concern.
he told himself but he was anything but confident. He took a sip from the beer, hand shaking a little as he sat the bottle back down on the table.
Moving more smoothly but with hesitance, he pulled it away from the corner and towards the center of the room, biting his bottom lip as he carefully stepped onto it.
Checking his watch, he saw that he had roughly thirty minutes before he had to be at
“You wanna go grab a few beers?” Gad offered. “Maybe take the edge off before…you know.”
“Like to keep it toasty in here, huh?” he joked, and he watched as a look of fear washed over Dean’s thin face before dissolving quickly into a more guilty one.
“Well, that’s good to hear,” the Master Chief replied, and finally set his pen down. He took a sip from his coffee mug, and finally looked Cas in the eyes. His expression was now serious, and that worried Cas. “Now, we both know that’s not the reason I called you in here, but still, good to know.” He paused and set the mug down, folding his hands in front of him on the desk. “The reason I requested your presence…is to congratulate you, Senior Chief Petty Officer Novak.”
“I’m not going to sugarcoat it sweetheart; we both know why you’re in here. Now whether you
Chapter 3 : We Went for a Ride - Fefe Dobson
Before long, the spoon hit the bottom of the carton and Dean arched a brow in surprise.
Chapter 5 : Dust - Hælos
The store was busy almost up until he closed at just after nine. He flipped the sign on the door to closed, and began his usual routine of closing up. He straightened up a few things, and made sure the registers were shut down; then turned the lights off, set the alarm, and locked the door behind him.
He closed the refrigerator door and removed the non-perishable items from the second bag – a small bag of white rice, a small canister of plain oatmeal and a bottle of multi-vitamins.
“Okay,” he said, and took another bite out of the lettuce, tomato, and carrot filled bowl.
Light beer – 312 calories
Salad – 30 calories
They made their way into the crowded church, exchanging one more quick kiss before breaking apart — Dean going to his seat, and Cas to the wedding party.
Little did they realize, that attempting to help Dean Winchester would be harder than running a bookstore.
Now there was a subject Sam could take pride and not mind talking about. “School’s going really well, actually,” he replied, face brightening at the opportunity to speak about something he was truly excited about. “In another two years, I should have my degree.”
“A few pages,” he replied noncommittally, gaze never straying from what was outside the passenger side window.
Both Jody and Dean chuckled at his innocence, leading him to look between them and ask, “Have you two ever played them before?” eyes large and questioning.
“No, not yet,” Dean replied as he slipped his boxers and pants back on and poured them both cups of coffee, adding sugar and cream to Cas’s but leaving his black.
“Good,” Cas said, mind still bothered by the thoughts he had earlier. “We’re both doing good,” he reaffirmed with a forced smile as he stood up. “Anyone else need a refill?” he asked, glancing around the table.
He scoffed at the response, promptly typing back,
“Oh, wow, you are laying it on
(See the end of the chapter for
“And I'm the one that’s starting stuff,” Dean commented coyly, accepting Cas’s hand as he hopped out of the vehicle. He slipped a bit on some of the snow, almost falling face first to the ground, but Cas’s strong grasp caught him before the face plant could take place.
He felt legit tears spring to his eyes at the thought of going back to the way he used to be and panic immediately settled in. Within seconds, he was pulling over. He flung the door open and leaned his head out just in time for the banana and the small salad he ate for lunch to push their way past his lips and out onto the pavement.
He hadn’t eaten in nearly three days.
Castiel closed his eyes, already knowing his words would start an argument.
“Well, I had a PT appointment, and just happened to be in the neighborhood, so I thought I’d stop by and see how things were going. Can’t say I’m surprised, but definitely impressed,” she said, looking around the store. “You’re doing a great job keeping up the place, Dean,” and he immediately shied away from the compliment.
He suddenly felt uncomfortable standing there naked and hurriedly rushed out, dressing as quietly as he could in their bedroom. He kissed Cas on the forehead before he exited the room and went downstairs.
“I’ll be right back, gotta hit the head,” he murmured to Cas and excused himself from the table. He’d only been to Donna and Jody’s a handful of times, but he recalled where the bathroom was and hurriedly made his way to it, thankful that it was at the other end of the house. Without even thinking about it, he turned on the water and rushed to the toilet, flipping the lid up and kneeling down. It wasn’t long before the contents of his stomach had transferred themselves into the white porcelain bowl, and he couldn’t help but feel relief.
“Ok-ay,” Dean mumbled, and picked the sandwich back up. He glanced at Jack who once again had that expectant look on his face, and took another bite, hoping that eating at least half of it would appease the kid. “Maybe Jody should have left her in charge,” he joked, and Jack’s eyes grew big.
“Yes, thankfully, she’s actually up and walking just about as good as I am,” Jody replied, steadily following him.
“It’s just us!” Claire shouted back. He heard their hushed tones coming closer so he stepped out of the room.
“Are you drunk already?” Cas asked incredulously, eyeing him up and down.
“Why don’t you worry about that later and get those signs hung up?” Dean gently prodded, shoving the box Jack’s way.
“I’m fine, Dean, I promise,” he forced out, relieved when Liz came over with their drinks.
“Busy morning?” she asked, and he shook his head in response. “Have you been getting enough rest?” she asked after a moment of studying his face, concern now marring her aged brow. “You’re looking kind of thin…”
“You chose well,” Cas said with a smile, and finished the cup off. “So are you free today, or do you have to work?”
It was fucking okay.
The tiniest of smiles turned Cas’s lips upwards as he continued to wipe away stray tears.
“Everyone knows who Batman is,” Dean countered, and poured himself a cup of coffee even though the pot wasn’t finished making yet. A few drops sizzled on the heated plate before he put the glass pot back on it.
He clenched his jaw, hating the fact that they were putting calories into him without his consent.
“Um… I don’t know…one fifty?” he lied, swallowing thickly and taking in a deep breath.
“That’s a good question,” Jody played along, placing her finger to her lips as she handed Dean the refilled carafe with her other hand. “I wonder.”
“So how’s the navy treating you, Cas?” Jody asked, glancing between him and Dean.
Chapter 4 : Can't Love Me - (featuring Tyler Blackburn) Novi
doing. You get that, right?” Sam gestured towards Dean; brow narrowed in anger though his gaze was fixed on Castiel.
*S*P*N*S*P*N
“Dean, I – ”
“You are just the sweetest, aren’t you?” Donna asked, as she breezed past him and stirred something on the stove.
Sometimes – hell, who was he kidding— most of the time, Castiel knew, that Dean had to figure things out on his own and so he gently removed his grip from Dean’s shoulders, only for Dean to take one step forward and begin to sway. Castiel immediately moved to catch him, but Dean attempted to steady himself on his own instead and caught his foot on the nightstand, the action sending him tumbling to the floor.
His gaze fell on Dean and seeing the man that he loved but had ruined made his heart shatter into teeny-tiny, miniscule pieces. Never had he ever saw Dean so vulnerable, so
Surprisingly, the smaller man offered a smile back.
Dean came back in the room a few minutes later but didn’t sit down. He placed a small, covered bowl into the small fridge, then went over to the counter where the coffee pot was and grabbed a mug out of the cabinet that was above the sink, choosing a red one with a yellow lightning bolt on it.
“That’s what every anorexic says until they realize that they are,” she stated firmly, and Dean rolled his eyes yet again.
by Eric Clapton began to play on the speakers as Anna and Gadreel slow danced across the floor. The sight took Cas back to his and Dean’s wedding night. They didn’t have a large reception, just a small get together with a few close friends and siblings at their small apartment at the time. They’d danced to
“Fuck me? Dean, can’t you see I’m just trying to help you? You can’t live off two hundred calories a day!” Sam defended himself, a shadow of worry flaring in his eyes.
A comfortable silence fell between them as they drove, the sun starting to set behind them. Twenty minutes and a couple of winding roads later, they pulled up in front of the reception hall. Cas parked the jeep in the crowded lot, once again opening the door for Dean as he exited the jeep. Dean playfully rolled his eyes, but grabbed ahold of Cas’s hand as they made their way into the hall. It was decently sized, fitting up to two hundred people give or take. There was a large table in the front, presumably for Gadreel and Anna and their families, with smaller tables situated in the back. A DJ booth was set up to the left of the bride and groom’s table, and there was enough room left between the main table and guest tables for a small dance floor.
have an eating…thing.”
His breath almost hitched when she returned with the plate. The scent could only be described as heavenly, as if God had baked those damned pies himself.
“No, c’mon,” Dean cut him off, pulling him by the arm into the living room.
“Everyone’s worried about you,” Jack said, and the words made Dean shake his head in response.
Sam tried his best to school his features into a mask of neutrality as he ordered a grilled chicken sandwich and spiked fries for himself.
“Dean,” Castiel tried, but the slighter man wasn’t hearing it.
“Because there’s actually fo —“
“Hey, Jack,” she greeted him, smiling in return. “How are you, kid?” she asked.
“We’re gonna head out,” Cas whispered to Michael and Hannah. “It was nice to see you again,” he said to Hannah who smiled in response.
“You’re back,” he murmured, voice small and wavering beyond his control.
“I don’t know, just wanted to make sure, I guess.”
“I’m sorry, but what?” he asked, sounding ever defiant and incredulous. “I can see just fine, thanks. Just got a head rush is all.”
sign on the diner he was currently passing and halted in his footsteps.
“Shut up, Sam!” Dean interjected, turning to face his brother. He could feel his own anger bubbling to the surface, but Castiel’s gentle squeeze on his waist grounded him momentarily.
Chapter 2 : The Looking Glass - Christian Burns/All Hail the Silence
The only thing he knew was that he’d slipped up this time, but there wouldn’t be a next time.
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll see you tomorrow evening. Alright?” she inquired as she headed for the door.
, the voice inside his head stirred.
Chapter 3 : We Went for a Ride - Fefe Dobson
He could tell Dean had lost even more weight, and though he had seen it with his eyes, feeling it was something else altogether. Through the haze of exhaustion, he felt a pang of barely contained excitement course through his veins as he went upstairs and into the bedroom. He gently laid Dean down on the bed, making sure to pull the covers back before he did so. He figured Dean would be more comfortable without sleeping in his hoodie and jeans so he gingerly lifted up his shirt and undid his belt (which he noticed was now on the tightest loop). He slid the jeans down, revealing hip bones that were peaking up through black batman boxer briefs and pale, slender legs. He felt his dick twitch with interest at the sight, and bit his bottom lip.
He hesitated momentarily, eyes falling on the stranger that was sitting on the bed, to the frighteningly thin man that had Dean’s name and wore Dean’s clothes but looked nothing like him anymore.
Everything in it was just so un-Dean like…
“Yeah, last week. They’ve been keeping him pretty busy, but we managed to talk for about twenty minutes, so that’s something.”
Bagel – 300 calories
“Sammy…” Dean started, but Sam shook his head at him again.
“Yeah, but he’s tough. He'll get through it,” Jody said with a smile though there was worry in her eyes when she glanced at Dean.
He chanted the words over and over in his head like a mantra, letting his fingers slide down the material of his thin sleep shirt, counting his ribs again and again until he was satisfied that he could still feel them all, even if they were impossible to see when he looked at himself in the mirror. Once he was finished there, he wrapped the fingers of his right hand around his left wrist, his breathing evening a little more as they slid, still touching, to near his forearm.
His hands were still trembling as he ran them through his hair. Disbelief, anger, and sadness flooded through his veins, and all he could ask himself was why? How? How in the hell did this happen to his brother?
“Dean! Dammit, Dean, we have to talk!” Sam shouted, going up after him. He heard the bedroom door slam before he reached the top of the steps and rolled his eyes at the gesture. Hoping he had moved quickly enough, he hurriedly made his way down the hallway and turned the knob. Surprisingly, it wasn’t locked. Sam took a deep breath and let himself into the room.
“I haven’t gotten to that one yet,” he muttered distractedly and turned the page.
suffering,” he stated, irritation in his tone.
So, um, yeah, I'm still working on my smut writing skills, so...my apologies.
Cas quickly exited the vehicle, heading over to Dean’s side and opening the door.
“Why don’t you go get the coffee ready, and we’ll call it even,” he offered, and she sighed loudly, putting her long blonde hair into rough pony tail.
He stared dumbly at the card, rereading her name, Dr. Billie Anderson M.D, and hours of operation until she spoke again.
Dean shivered as he unlocked the Impala and climbed in, reaching behind him to set the beer in the backseat. Even through his jeans, he could feel the chill of the leather seats, and quickly started the gorgeous metallic beast up, turning on the heat and giving it a few minutes before he pulled out of the driveway and down the street.
Dean couldn’t help but chuckle at that. “I love it when you get all protective on me, but seriously, you have nothing to be concerned about when it comes to Gabe.”
“Be right back,” Cas said, and made his way to up to the bar. He retrieved three beers, and returned back to the table.
“Oh, don’t you start that now. We
Chapter 5 : Dust - Hælos
.” He’d whispered the last part into his husband’s ear, and grinned when Dean’s face turned the cutest mix of red and pink.
Chapter 9 : She Wants To Know - Half Moon Run
“You need to make an appointment with Dr. Anderson.”
Chapter 2 : The Looking Glass - Christian Burns/All Hail the Silence
Deciding it was now or never, he let out a breath and exited the room. He headed downstairs, and the scent of the peach cobbler Cas had been so kind to make immediately assaulted his senses. He bit the inside of his cheek as his mouth began to water, steeling himself as he walked into the kitchen.
“It’s time for the couple’s first dance,” the DJ announced enthusiastically as the music came to a halt. “If you would be so kind as to let them have the floor, then I’ll keep the tunes following after so everyone can join in.”
Could he really do this?
“Sam now, blah blah blah blah blah blah. So, what’s up?” he inquired, leaning against the kitchen counter and folding one arm across his chest as he waited for his kid brother’s response.
“I missed you,” Cas said, lips close to his ear and he could feel the shiver that ran through Dean’s body.
“Night, kiddo,” she returned and headed out the door, the bells above jingling in her wake. The temperature had only risen a few degrees since the morning, she noted as she hurried to the car. Luckily, there was no snow to clean off it, but it still took a few minutes to warm up.
“You’re not acting like yourself, and I’m worried. Is that so wrong?” Cas countered, blue eyes searching Dean’s greens.
“Hey, Jack, Ms. Kline,” Dean nodded in greeting.
Chapter 2 : The Looking Glass - Christian Burns/All Hail the Silence
He awoke the next morning to his alarm going off, AC/DC’s
A sob almost escaped his lips, but he pushed it back. Guilt trickled to the surface, but this was a different kind of guilt than before. This guilt was fresh and abhorrent.
Dean stared at the scale, making sure that he was reading it correctly. He stepped off of the black mechanism and pushed it back into the corner of the bathroom.
“I think I can manage that,” Jody agreed. “Although, I think he’s given me at least one new gray hair today alone…”
It was all going to be gone soon after all.
“Hope you’re ready for round two,” Dean murmured huskily into his ear as he leaned over him and removed the lube from the drawer of the nightstand. The action made his thinness stand out even more and Cas couldn’t stop his hands from skating over the smooth skin of his ribs and all the way down to the bare hipbones that were just begging to be touched. Dean popped the cap on the bottle and positioned himself on his knees, one on each side of Cas. Cas watched with lust-filled eyes as Dean started to open himself for Cas, starting with one finger, then two. He started to moan as two turned into three, and Cas could feel his dick growing rock hard once more. He couldn’t help but stroke himself as he watched Dean fuck himself on his fingers, Dean’s eyes scrunched shut in pleasure as he added a fourth.
What could have made his brother want to do this to himself?
“I wish you could too, babe. I wish you could too.” Cas gently turned Dean around to face him, holding him in place by his hips. His blue eyes were shining with tears, and upon seeing that, Dean felt tears of his own well up. He sniffled and hurriedly buried his head into Cas’s shoulder. Cas wrapped his strong arms around him and Dean sunk into him, inwardly hating how weak he suddenly felt.
Donna lifted the lid a bit and inhaled the scent of the contents, her grin widening. “That smells delicious! Although, you shouldn’t have, but thank you, Castiel,” she said, her megawatt smile still firmly in place. She looked at Dean and winked, then chuckled when she saw the beer in his hand. “Jody’s gonna be happy to see you,” she joked, elbowing him in the ribs before leading them away from the foyer and into the living room.
“What? Oh,” Cas shook his head and smiled when he saw that the bar was in deed open.
Donna giggled afterward; slight blush still evident on her cheeks. After a moment, her expression transformed into a more serious one. “Let’s just do our best to be there for him, yeah?”
“No, because as I just said, it’s none of our business. Besides, Anna lost a bunch of weight like that before we got married. Maybe he’s just upset that Cas is being deployed.”
The air was cold and relentless, the throes of winter appearing sooner rather than later this year.
Cas bit his bottom lip as Dean came up for air and finally shed the boxer briefs that had been containing the hard on that was now finally free.
“Uh, six-six one,” he answered.
Dean had never seemed to care about his weight before or how much he ate.
There was nothing really that wrong with him. Why couldn’t they understand that?
The urge to get up made the leg that wasn’t fidgeting nervously tingle, but the moment he went to stand, the woman behind the desk met his gaze, green eyes boring holes into his.
He didn’t allow himself to finish that thought. His mind was traveling to a dark place fast, and he didn’t like it one bit.
Dean paced back and forth, back and forth in the waiting area. His heart pounded like a drum in his chest, and he could feel the rush of anxiety threaten to explode throughout his veins like a dam giving way to raging flood waters.
“Smartass,” Cas muttered with a playful smile on his face, still trying to heat up Dean’s hand with his.
Chapter 3 : We Went for a Ride - Fefe Dobson
He’d somehow managed to gain three pounds in the last few days, and he immediately berated himself for his lack of self-control.
The hardwood was cool beneath his fingertips as he checked underneath him, taking a breath of relief when they wrapped around the frames. He slipped them on and sat up, sliding the blanket that he’d cocooned himself in at some point during the night off and onto the back of the couch.
comic he was stocking onto the floor.
Sam folded his arms across his chest and leaned further back into the seat. “About a month ago.”
“Lie about what?” Dean asked, looking between the two of them.
It was bitter, just as he expected it to be, but warm, nonetheless and a welcoming presence slowly occupying the small expanse of his stomach. He couldn’t chance drinking it the way he used to, not wanting old habits to form and come back and bite him in the ass.
Chapter 6 : Redbone - Childish Gambino
He’d never really considered the whole ‘purging after you eat thing before’, but it suddenly made sense to him now.
Dean took in a deep breath before he got up, mentally trying to prepare himself for what was to come.
The numbers repeated like a mantra in his head, over and over.
It was okay.
Gadreel and Gabriel chose that moment to approach, both unable to stop the chuckles from escaping their lips as they saw the state that the Master Chief was in.
“Yes, chief,” he responded in a flirty tone, and before he knew it, Cas was pulling him up and damn near yanking the soft, gray
Dean scoffed at her. “Sports? Uh, pass.”
,” he reiterated when Dean kept shaking his head. He unbuckled his seat belt and leaned over, pulling Dean into his arms and putting a calming hand on the back of his neck. “Dean, you are the single best thing that’s ever happened to me, and I love you more than you’ll ever know. Please don’t think for even a second that you’re not.”
His mouth managed to filter out the rude comment that his brain had come up with. Instead, he opted for a simple nod and tight smile. “I’m fine, Jack. I promise.” He patted the kid’s shoulder for extra emphasis, and although Jack didn’t look entirely convinced, he seemed to accept Dean’s answer. “I’ve got a few boxes of comics that I need you to put out before you leave, okay?”
He was going to be a damned good lawyer someday, Dean knew, if the kid stayed in school, and didn’t quit like he’d previously threatened, just so he could stay and take care of him.
Of course, that had set Sam off on another course of action – trying to get Dean to eat more than just the few hundred meager calories he’d been surviving off of – and that, in turn, had set Dean off, telling Sam to more or less fuck off, slamming the bedroom door in his face and locking it behind him.
“I’m pretty sure you’ll like it,” she said, tapping her fingers against the granite countertop. “I’ll give you the summary later.”
“So, roughly, you’d said you lost about fifty pounds, give or take twenty?”
Once the decaf was done, she filled the second carafe and took it out to the main room and set it on the table they had set up for customers to enjoy as they browsed. She looked around for Dean and found him straightening up the comic book section. She hesitated for a minute, but then went over to him when she was struck with an idea.
“Things haven’t been too stressful because of running this place, have they? Because if they are, I can come back early. It’s not a problem,” she said, searching his tired visage.
He stood there for a moment, feeling like an idiot before he replied. “Uh, g-good afternoon,” he said, clearing his throat a few times before the words finally escaped his lips.
Dean swallowed thickly and glanced around the room, double checking to see if she was telling the truth – she was.
“Please promise me, Dean. Promise me that you’ll get some help. I’ll even quit school and –”
“Let's go find him, shall we?” Jody asked, interlocking her arm with the other woman's. Mrs. Baker had been coming into the bookstore for years, but even more so after Dean had been hired. Dean took her crush in stride and always flirted back, even though she knew his heart was taken.
“I think it’s just easier if I show you,” Cas said, taking a step forward then pausing as though asking for Dean’s permission.
Sam recalled all the times he’d poked fun at Dean due to the number of cheeseburgers he could put away, or how much pie he could go through on Thanksgiving.
If he starts cleaning up now, he might be able to get rid of enough of the mess that he can pass this off as a funny story to laugh about.
Was that a flirtation?
Sometimes it's small things: a flash of emerald in front of his eyes, meeting someone with a face full of freckles, the smell of leather and cheap cologne.
Unbothered by Meg's demeanor, Charlie grabs her cell phone and skips out of the room, her flowy blouse billowing behind her.
Dean puts an arm around Cas' shoulder, pulls him close and presses a kiss to his temple.
Or maybe he should just leave early. He's got enough overtime as it is and it's not like he's going to get any more work done today.
Seeing everything finally work out for the two women makes Cas incredibly happy.
She grins, clearly pleased with herself despite Dean looking as uncomfortable as Cas feels.
There is nothing he can do about it though, except to let out his frustration by furiously wiping the counter until someone behind him clears his throat and distracts him from his own misery.
"Listen, man, you don't have to explain anything - even though I'm sure, Charlie told you to. For some reason, you don't like me and hell, just because we're both friends with Charlie, doesn't mean we have to get along. Got the message loud and clear. No hard feelings. From now on we're just gonna do it your way and ignore each other, okay?"
Apparently they both like oversized clothes, because Dean's washed out black hoodie is so big, he nearly drowns in it.
He watches Dean go through the motions of keeping a wounded soldier alive.
"I'm just glad, nothing happened to you," he mumbles into Cas' hair.
Cas slings his arm around Dean's waist and looks up at him in wonder.
There is no trace of emotion in the low rumble of his voice, but Dean nearly sinks to his knees, because why on earth does his embarrassment need to be drawn out even longer.
The things he‘s blurted out still haunt him in his sleep and he simply hopes that Dean has forgotten them.
Rationally, Cas knows that these are just his insecurities talking and deep down, he doesn't even believe them.
"I'd rather see his ability to fix the AC than hear about it."
Then he pulls the door shut behind him, blocking out all the noise from unintelligible conversations being screamed over the terrible music.
He crushes their mouths together as the sky above lights up with colors and cheers and laughter welcome the new year.
It’s a stupid daydream and he knows it.
"What are you even doing here, Charlie? You should be in bed and let Kara coddle you. Did something happen?,"Dean asks concerned.
"Or don't do either and just give him something thoughtful you think he'll like. It's Secret Santa not the end of the world and half the people here are going to give away mugs anyway, because they panic and don't have any idea for a personal gift."
If he's lucky, he might still catch the end of whatever All Saints' Day movie is currently on.
"You couldn't just call? Seriously Charlie, go home! You can hover around when you're no longer radiating bacillary. "
The sound of porcelain on wood gets his attention and he thanks Dean with a smile that makes his stomach flip in the best way possible.
how much you mean to me
Dean knows he's fooling himself. There's no getting over Cas.
Cas wants to say something. Anything.
His voice is rough and disbelieving, and the words hang heavy in the air between them.
Under Charlie's impatient glare, Cas rushes to turn off his computer.
the paper reads in neat letters and Dean's heart leaps in his chest. This is both the best and worst thing that could have happened and once he's decided whether he should panic or celebrate, he'll give Charlie a piece of his mind about fixing what was supposed to be a procedure of
He’d caved a few times, just to make her happy, but forced himself to take the long way home those days, just to walk it off.
His hand shook as he took a sip of the coffee first. He kept it black, forgoing any cream or sugar even if he was going to vomit back up the contents of his stomach soon.
Jody sighed exasperatedly at his response. “You know damn well who I'm talking about!” she called out but received no response. “Typical,” she muttered and added more sugar to her coffee. After drinking the majority of the cup, she went back out to the main room.
He sat back on the couch, folding his legs up so that he was sitting Indian style and carefully tore open the bag of carrots. He set them on his lap, and nibbled on them until he passed out, the sounds of the Dothraki fighting in the background as he slipped into a dreamless sleep.
“Sonuvabitch,” he mumbled when he realized he was going to have to search for his glasses. He was surprised by the quiet, no Sam or Cas in sight when he finally managed to find his glasses and slide them into place. He immediately took stock of his surroundings, glancing down at himself and thankful that he was still in his regular clothes and not some flimsy hospital gown.
He stood up, wiping the sleep from his eyes as he made his way out of the spare bedroom and down the hall towards the bathroom, in desperate need to relieve himself and brush his teeth. Once both of those things were accomplished, he decided a shower was in order, and since Dean wouldn’t be back from work until at least three or four at the latest, he took a long one, not getting out until the water started to turn warm.
Eight hundred calories were too much, way too fucking much.
She knew that he’d been struggling ever since his husband had been deployed.
This was it. The day had finally come.
Apple – 80 calories
“Ok-ay,” she said, and got back up, side-eyeing Dean as she walked past him.
Before Cas had a chance to respond, Gadreel and Anna appeared at their table. “Thank you guys again for coming,” Gadreel greeted, elated grin still plastered on his face.
“If the flu counts as being hung over from drinking too much last night, then I’m sure you do,” Jody muttered under her breath and shoved the phone back into her pants pocket.
Chapter 8 : Afterglow - INXS
Kaia.
“For your safety and comfort, please remain seated with your seat belt fastened until the Captain turns off the Fasten Seat Belt sign…”
The room was small but just as clean as the rest of the house. The bed was a full size with fresh, navy blue colored sheets. Sam could smell the fabric softener Dean used almost immediately. As much as he joked about hating that little bear on the bottle, he sure used the hell out of the stuff. Aside from the bed, there was a small wooden dresser sitting near the window on the right side of the bed and a closet to the left of it.
This foolishness had to stop.
“Great,” she said with a smile. “There will be something delicious waiting for you at approximately six o’clock tomorrow evening.”
“I thought that while the ending was sad, it was more true to life than if he had actually gotten a happy ending. Stories wrapped up in neat little bows are nice and practical from a financial standpoint, but who really gets that? No one leads a perfect life,” Dean countered and downed the rest of his glass. Cas tried his hardest not to stare at him, but it wasn’t easy when he spoke so passionately on a subject, especially when it came to Dean’s favorites — movies and books.
By the time he made it home, he almost didn’t care that it was almost
16,892 steps
don’t look healthy! Don’t you get that?” Sam yelled back, hands gesturing toward Dean’s gaunt appearance.
Dean snapped awake, blood rushing through his ears just as fast as the tears that were steadily clamoring down his gaunt cheeks. A sob almost escaped his throat, but he quickly slapped a hand over his mouth to stifle it, not wanting Sam to hear his breakdown.
Dean was seated on the bed with his head in his hands, the notebook perched precariously on his lap. Sam could see the small tremors that ran through his hands to his fingertips and could almost feel the anger that was seeping out and surrounding his brother like a shield.
“Dean, you don’t have to apologize, it’s okay. I know how important it is to you. We’ll catch up when you get back,” Cas said and took his hand, lifting it up to his lips and planting a gentle kiss on it.
“Tired?” Cas asked, drying off Dean’s back as he did so.
He shook his head at himself, knowing better. Dean wouldn’t have started this because they weren’t speaking. It had to have been something else.
“Dean?” he questioned, a golden tanned hand gently rubbing Dean’s hallow cheek.
Dean was acting normal, of course, and that alone made Sam fear the worst. Was it cancer or some other terminal illness? What could have made Dean lose so much weight?
,” he joked and he could almost hear Sam rolling his eyes at him.
“Figured we could both relax a little before…you know,” Cas explained, and Dean nodded in understanding.
“Help me to understand why you couldn’t walk out of there without assistance, Dean. I haven’t seen you drink that much since —“
“Cas, what’s wrong?” he asked as he exited the kitchen and went over to him, hand immediately cupping his cheek.
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean said with a shake of his head and a shrug. “Not everyone is going to understand. I don’t expect them too.” He couldn’t help but think of the conversation he’d walked in on not less than thirty minutes before.
The last time he’d been assigned to a ship, he was fresh out of training and served for two years on the
“I’ll take one,” Gad replied.
Dean’s eyebrows raised at that, a hint of grin hiking up the corners of his mouth.
Just thought I'd add that each chapter is titled after songs.
“He’s just going to lie anyway, so you shouldn’t bother to ask,” Claire mumbled under her breath, though it was loud enough for Dean to hear.
Sam nodded, more to himself than anything, and turned his gaze back towards the window.
“So how was San Diego?” Dean’s voice cut through his thoughts. “I would’ve picked you up, but I thought you weren’t due back until later.”
In between phone calls with a supplier and two booking agents, she flipped through the comic, figuring she might as well try to understand what made the books so appealing to Dean and the majority of her younger customers. By the time she was done with the issue, she had a sense of why Dean liked him so much.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is he now? Well, I do enjoy little Joan Didion every now and then,” Mrs. Baker said, smile growing just a touch wider.
“Okay,” he replied and continued to straighten things up. She went back over to the comic section and grabbed a copy of
Chapter 8 : Afterglow - INXS
“You too. Have a safe drive home,” she whispered back, and gave them both a small wave.
“Fairly well,” Cas replied. “I’m currently up for another promotion, and I’ll find out in a few weeks whether or not I get it.”
“But you have to.” Dean’s voice was barely above a whisper, but due to the quiet of the room, Cas had no trouble hearing it.
“He most certainly does,” Jody replied as she wiped off a few stray specks of sugar from the table.
Garlic bread – 190 calories
“What’s up, Sammy?” Dean returned with a grin of his own, and the voice that came out of the man’s throat was Dean’s, Sam thought, but he still couldn’t help but question the validity of his reality as his hands made gentle contact with the scrawny man’s back, nothing but bones to be felt through the layers he was wearing.
“Yeah, yeah good to see you too. Tell Cas I said hi when you get a chance. I’d message him, but,” he paused, pointing to himself, “King of forgetfulness right here,” he said, chuckling at himself.
“Clinically…speaking, yes,” he agreed with an unsure shrug.
“I’ll handle it. You finish that.
Fall was inevitably coming closer and closer, the chilly air making him reconsider wearing just the hoodie and t-shirt. The lack of sun didn’t help matters either, so he stuffed his hands into his pockets and walked faster in hopes of heating himself up a bit. The wind was steady with a bite to it, but he continued on, beating his previous best time of twenty-four minutes by a minute and a half. It was a silly thing to be proud of, but he took the small victory nonetheless.
Chapter 2 : The Looking Glass - Christian Burns/All Hail the Silence
“Dean!” he called out, leaving the living room and walking into the kitchen. “I’m home!” He glanced around, but there was still no Dean in sight. He opened the fridge and his eyes narrowed slightly when he saw that it was almost empty. There were a few half full bottles of condiments and a couple of lonely beers. He snagged one and closed the door, twisting off the top as he checked outside, an empty deck looking back at him.
He sat down, momentarily ignoring his growling stomach and opened the plain, green covered spiral notebook, his brow lowering as he read through the first page.
He knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that if he’d never have spoken those words, they wouldn’t be where they were at now.
Dean nodded though there was still an air of curiousness about him. “Why didn’t you tell me before? I would’ve come out there, you know. If not to beat his ass, at least to be there.”
“So, I’m dying to know, how did you two kids meet? Because I’ve been trying to figure out for the longest time, if Claire can actually be —“
“I’ll keep it safe behind the counter for you,” Jody returned. “Drive safe out there now.”
Dean bit his cheek again because he was fucking
“I wonder if I’ve got a chance with one of her sisters,” the shorter man whispered, and Cas rolled his eyes in return. “That cute brunette you walked with might do the trick.”
“Come to dinner at our house tomorrow night. Jack and Claire are scheduled to close anyway. Deal?” she asked, not missing the way his jaw tightened at the mention of dinner or the look – and she knew fear when she saw it – the look of fear that flashed across his eyes before he slowly nodded in acceptance.
The bells above the door chimed, Dean ever thankful that Claire had finally decided to show up and used her tartiness to ignore Jack and scold her instead.
He scoffed at her remark and rolled his eyes.
“Alright, enough of the mushy stuff,” Dean stated, false bravado mask firmly back on his too-thin visage. “Once we get back to the house, you can put your stuff in the spare bedroom, and then we can grab something to eat if you want. Sound good?”
Dean couldn’t help the small smile that spread across his lips at the mention of his husband. He nodded in response. “Yeah, actually, a few days ago. He was on land for a few days. He’s doing good. Hot but good.”
“Bye, Sam.”
He bit his bottom lip as he trekked back into the kitchen, this time heading straight for the fridge. His hand hesitated on the handle, slender fingers wrapping around the cool stainless steel. He took a deep breath and opened the freezer side, the carton of ice cream they’d purchased just days before taunting him from the top shelf, still unopened.
“Monday at eleven hundred hours it is then. See you guys,” Cas said with a wave and grabbed their coats.
Right now the customers are still coming in waves, picking up a cup of coffee for a long drive home or purchasing last minute baked goods, but Dean knows that around noon the shop will be deserted.
Until now.
Unfortunately, Cas is not anywhere near her level of confidence, so he was left feeling weird and uncomfortable all evening, especially because it took Balthazar a grand total of five minutes before he ditched Castiel in favor of sticking his tongue down someone's throat.
"Thought you looked a little lost there, buddy and I figured I'd keep you some company while you wait for your friends," Dean says. "Only if you want to, of course. Otherwise just tell me to get lost."
She looks like the only thing keeping her from bursting into tears is the dehydrated state of her body, but then her face lights up and all of a sudden she's grinning from ear to ear.
"Charlie," he says sternly, not entirely convinced, "just tell me what's going on."
Instead he sits unmoving in front of his computer while Charlie goes up to greet Dean with a hug.
That would be the smart thing to do.
Dean Winchester, with his loud mouth and the devil-may-care attitude, who made Cas fall in love in a heartbeat and stole his first kiss.
"I am so sorry," he gritted out, while trying to put his shirt back on with trembling fingers. His face was on fire, probably red like a tomato and he felt nauseated in a way that had nothing to do with the alcohol.
If you leave them in peace and allow time and patience to work their miracles.
He had made it through a tour of the company and the introductions, running on nothing but coffee and adrenaline, but once that had worn off there was nothing keeping his eyelids from drooping.
"She really is a force of nature isn't she," rumbles a deep voice right next to Dean's ear and it takes all his will power to suppress the shiver running down his spine. Castiel is standing behind him and they are painfully close to each other. Considering who engrossed Dean has been in Charlie's speech, it's no wonder he hasn't noticed Cas's arrival, but now he can't stop thinking about how long he's been standing there.
"Hell, I'm game if you are.”
“I can’t help being blessed with charm, intelligence and beauty.”
Dean has moved closer to be heard over the music, so their shoulders are touching now and Cas has a hard time to focus on his words rather than the non-existent distance between them.
However, not many people his age seem to share the sentiment and as much as he loves the holiday itself, there is one thing he has learned to despise over the years:
One week to come up with a mind-blowing present that's gonna sweep Cas off his feet and somehow makes him forget about all of Dean's shortcomings for long enough to talk to him for longer the few short conversations at work.
"Sorry about that, didn't mean to dump that on you, man. Let's go find your friends, before I ruin your night any further."
"Get your ass back here, you two got some talking to do," Sam says, his voice leaving no room for argument.
Dean takes one look at him, then gestures towards the radio.
Dean is kicking off his shoes, looking exhausted and Cas feels a pang of guilt at the sight. He does not want to worry him by telling him about the mess in the kitchen - even if the sight is significantly less shocking as it was just a few minutes ago.
The idea alone that Cas could think that of him made him want to throw up.
Dean sometimes picks Charlie up at the office and Cas has seen him waiting in the parking lot on multiple occasions.
Which might be why he is so out of it now.
When he gets to his side, Dean's expression is closed off.
He closes his eyes and takes a steadying breath.
Despite the party being initially her idea, Cas had planned and prepared everything by himself. He had wanted to do something for Dean. To show him he was special and loved and deserved all the good things.
Rubbing a hand over his mouth, he looks between an enthusiastically nodding Charlie and Dean, whose expression is unreadable.
"Everything alright?," he asks, startling the man out of his stupor.
"HE WILL COME BY!," she declares, a near maniacal grin on her face.
"You're drunk and they left you alone? What the hell kinda friends are they?"
"Dean?," Cas asks softly and Dean knows he's watching him.
While he is grateful that Charlie has forgiven him, he knows he still has to talk to Dean and it's not going to be pleasant.
Dean is back.
"Well, you know, most of them," Charlie says unbothered and grabs Dean's wrist, dragging him along.
He doesn't know how Dean gets him out of the line of fire.
He gets a forced smile in return, then Dean turns around and continues to walk away.
"I retreat into my shell and I'm sorry for any discomfort or hurt that might have caused and I hope you can forgive me."
His heart was beating too fast, his palms started sweating and he was nervous all of a sudden, while hope bloomed in his chest.
The handwriting looks vaguely familiar, Cas notes absentmindedly, but he's too distracted by the gravity of his find to try and place it.
"Anyway. I'll get out of your hair now and I am truly sorry."
"Just here to make sure you take your lunch break," Charlie said.
"They left some time ago." With a dramatic sigh, Cas slumps against Dean's shoulder who is trying not to react to the contact.
"I'm afraid, we'll have to wait," Rowena shrugs, completely unbothered, "Unless of course one of you knows how to fix such a thing."
As usual, Cas is not in a hurry to go home.
If there had been even the faintest hint of alcohol in his blood anymore, it would've been gone after that statement.
Air conditioning and soft lighting just can't equal the feeling of a breeze ruffling his hair and sunshine on his skin. Cas closes his eyes for a moment, allowing himself to simply enjoy the feeling.
what wouldn't I give
Because Cas knows his name.
In hindsight, it was probably not his brightest moment to consult Charlie.
He hates it when that happens, hates it, when things slow down and it feels like time is moving backwards instead of passing.
Despite her words, she looks disappointed and Cas desperately wants to tell her how wrong she is, even though he still struggles to figure out how the hell she interpreted the moon eyes he made at Dean as dislike.
"There is nothing to forgive," Dean says and he looks like a weight has been lifted off of him.
"I'm sorry," he says earnestly and Cas nods.
Tick. Tock.
"I know, I know," Charlie grinned, "You can tell me again how awesome I am once we're done coming up with the most amazing party plan known to mankind."
Like he had never been there.
By now, he's more than ready for bed and feels about as tired as Cas looks.
Thankfully Charlie had taken pity on the both of them by declaring that they really needed to get going and "See you tomorrow, Cas", before practically throwing herself into the passenger seat. Dean's goodbye had consisted of a half smile and an awkward "Nice to meet you", before he, too,  rescued himself into the car and drove off.
"The cinema is ten minutes from here, where exactly are we going?"
He waits next to the exit for he to finish up her speech, before he grabs her by the wrist and pulls her out of the shop, for once not caring what the others think of him.
Dean is just the right amount of drunk. He feels the buzz of the alcohol taking away any discomfort, and he can't stop smiling for the life of him.
Dean's lips are moving.
"But I am not brave enough to tell them. I know, it should not be such a big deal nowadays and that it's not the eighties anymore. Hell, I could ask you to marry me in a few years and no one could do anything about it, but the mere thought of telling everybody at school makes me want to throw up and I am scared, Cas. I am so fucking scared of what will happen if they find out and for that I am sorry."
Because his hands are gentle, even though they have carried a weapon every single day for the past year.
A boy who is smart as a whip in one moment and dorky in the next.
"That does not mean, you're allowed behind my counter. You're sick and you're going home, now," he says in a voice that leaves no room for argument.
"You are not out of place,"Charlie contradicts with another eyeroll. "And you're the one making it awkward. You have covered so many shifts for every one of us, we'd be lost without you. Besides they love you, so quit looking like a dear in headlights."
With the spell broken, Dean throws his head back with laughter, unable to keep it together.
"Do you not celebrate Christmas?"
Her statement has Dean throwing his hands in the air with an exasperated huff.
When he's answered with silence, he asks:
"Needless to say, I gave her my number and asked her out," Charlie continues like that’s no big deal and Cas can't help but envy her confidence. Never in a million years would he have been able to strike up a conversation with the person of his interests, let alone ask them out.
And he is going to be brave.
"I'm so glad everybody took the time to be here! I've asked for all of you to come here, since for this year's Christmas game I decided to do something different. It's not a game per se, but I thought it would be fun to have some Secret Santas running around here," Charlie turns around to grab something from behind the counter that turns out to be a small bag. Cheers errupt from crowd and she smiles.
Cas pauses and chuckles.
And he sees the first tear.
Cas looks genuinely confused at his reaction and a bitter laugh escapes Dean's lips before he can stop it. It sounds hollow even in his own ears. His best friend is a much better actor than Dean gave him credit for and it makes him question every single moment they have spent together.
His apartment was right there. He could practically hear his bed calling him.
"Charlie, " Cas said, a smile beginning to spread over his face, growing wider and wider the more she elaborated, "you are an amazing human being/genius and I will love you until the day I die."
"Jus' a little," Cas slurs. His head still rests in Dean's lap, and he does not look like he wants change that any time soon. Dean knows he should get up and get Cas some water, but he can't bring himself to interrupt the moment.
Thankfully it does.
"Don't apologize. Your willingness to stand up for your friends is an admirable quality," he tells her, "I just wish it hadn't been me who caused you to do it. I really am sorry."
"That you would kiss me."
Jo looks the same, her long blond hair windswept, and there's a rosy glow on her cheeks.
He's got one week.
Another breathless laughter escaped his lips and he opened his arms, still gazing at the sky that was wide open for him in return.
He knows Cas likes bees and books and board games and the holidays.
Their faces are only inches apart and Cas feels his breath quicken and his heart beat fasten.
"My dad left seven years ago and never came back. It just wasn't the same afterwards."
Cas thinks he might just love him.
There was a large wooden desk where paperwork was piling up, a shelf full of books and a truly gigantic bed that put the ratty mattress in Dean's own apartment to shame.
Looking at Tall, dark & handsome, the man could probably use either one of the options. Or both.
He's getting louder and louder, but he's angry, so he doesn't care.
"Tend to be a little awkward around new people," he concludes weakly, hoping the blush creeping up his cheeks goes unnoticed.
So Cas does know his name, and he says it in a sleepy, rough voice that sends a shiver down Dean's spine.
Her bright red hair is standing out against the white walls of the office and clashes with the pink color of her overheated skin.
Cas's lips are warm, and he tastes like disgustingly sweet liquor, and it's perfect.
Of course it is.
"So sorry buddy, but Bess and I can't come. She's been nauseated all day and her back is killing her. Fingers crossed that the twins won't continue being such trouble makers once they're here. Have fun today!"
"Thank you. For everything."
Neither Dean nor Cas dare to make eye contact with each other, so Cas looks at Charlie instead.
"I'm just glad this turned out to be a misunderstanding."
"Lightweight, huh?"
As if he wouldn’t do anything in his power to offer Dean the happiness he doesn’t think he deserves.
to be for me
The bright grin he is rewarded with for just saying these two little words, makes Cas' heart leap in his chest.
The weather makes it impossible to concentrate and it doesn't help that he is bored out of his mind.
Even now, years later, he's fascinated by the idea of becoming someone else for one night.
Cas seriously considers hiding in the restroom.
And for just a minute Cas allows himself to bask in the feeling of loving and being loved in return.
"Look, you're not obligated to like him, of course you're not."
"I don't want you to do anything you'll regret tomorrow."
Words have never been his strong suit, but there are other ways to express yourself.
This is not a double date, this is Charlie canceling on Dean to go on a date.
Charlie shakes her head and sadness is evident in her expression.
He is so loved by someone so wonderful and yet he's unable to see it, does not know that there is someone longing to be by his side.
Despite the fact that they have not even noticed him yet, let alone know what he is reading, he can feel himself going bright red.
Efficient and capable.
Cas smiles up at the darkness above him, closing his eyes to focus on the cold January wind that breezes over his cheeks and makes him shiver in the best way possible.
"What have you been up to, Dean?"
That everything is different now.
The thought makes him wonder how someone can discard something so personal.
He has really been looking forward to this night, but now that it's here he almost wishes to be at one of these terrible Halloween parties.
Having been given wrong information on the dress code, he saw his chance to follow his long suppressed passion and showed up wearing an elaborate battle armor his best friend Charlie had helped put together.
"I kinda have a date tonight."
"I am not complaining by the way," Cas said and Dean nearly spat out his drink.
"Dude, you've been here all day. In all these hours you've ordered a cup of coffee, some tea and "whatever pastry I recommend", which is not all that much for the time you spent here. So obviously something's going on," Dean explains and yup, he's being intrusive, but the man definitely has some baggage and if there's even a little chance Dean can take some of it off him, then he will.
"I wouldn't mind coming."
Tries to forget.
But how did he even know?
He feels anger flaring in his gut.
He keeps scanning the faces of his fellow students in the hallways, wondering which one of them is the mysterious poet.
His throat is dry as a desert, but he has no idea how to explain himself, to defend himself, so he waits with bated breath for her next words.
Cas smiles, replaying all his dreams and fantasies of how he wanted to ask Dean out.
Ash hands him a bottle of who knows what, and before he even knows it, the three of them are immersed in conversation.
He immediately feels guilty for it.
"So this is goodbye, I guess," he says and is about to turn away when Cas speaks up again.
"What exactly are you supposed to be?," Cas had asked incredulously, unable to hide his disappointment about Balthazar's attire which was nothing less than an insult to the word costume.
"What are you waiting for then?," Meg snarls, annoyance evident in her voice,
Jo is giggling as well but stops when Ash grabs her arm to pull her up from her seat.
Ash is the calmest person on the planet, and to see him in a state other than deep relaxation is just too weird to not be funny.
"I did not recognize you back then. It was almost scary. I mean, your eyes got super dark and I swear you blinked like twice the entire five minutes we talked and you did not say a word, just looking at him, sizing him up like you were measuring his worth or whatever. You wouldn't be the first one to do it and let me tell you, being asked what he did wrong to make you hate him, is not something I want to relive."
"Why don't we get to have what everyone else has?," Dean asks and he sounds so young and vulnerable that Cas wants nothing more than to reach out for his boyfriend and hold him close.
“Come in!” the command came from behind the door.
“Fine,” he said with a slight shrug of his shoulders, gaze shifting around to anything but hers.
Soft music began to play as Dean sat back down at the table, glass filled almost to the brim with brown liquid.
Sam’s heart had been broken before, quite recently actually. But nothing could have prepared him for how it felt now. It was as though someone had ripped it out of his chest and dissected it into a million tiny pieces, forcing him to watch the entire time.
“There’s no way,” Dean mumbled, shaking his head.
He blinked dumbly for a moment, then looked between them. “What’s this?” he asked, brow lowered in confusion.
Dean nodded in response. “Go, I’ll find out which table we’re supposed to be seated at.”
Dean scoffed tiredly. “I don’t think what just happened would have if you didn’t.” After a moment he added, “I love you too, Cas.”
“That’s good,” Sam said, still searching for some crack in his brother’s armor, though there was none.
He backed out of the driveway and headed down the street. Traffic was still light as he drove in the direction of the park, as it usually was at six thirty on Saturday mornings. He spotted a few joggers already making their morning rounds as he pulled into a parking space, the sounds of
He looked up at her, an unsure expression on his thin visage. “Really? Yeah, I mean, I can do that,” he replied with a nod and a small smile.
The thought made his mind drift back to Dean, and how well he’d been progressing.
“Did you eat breakfast this morning? If not, I think I may have a granola bar on me,” Garth murmured, checking the pockets of his jacket.
“We just want to thank everyone for coming out,” Gadreel said, raising a glass towards the crowd. “Please stick around, eat, drink, and be prepared to watch me make a fool out of myself on the dance floor.”
“Exercise is definitely important,” she agreed, “But not when it hurts you.”
“It’s going to be alright, Cas,” he stated and offered up a smile, the sight only torturing Cas’s heart even more. With the weight loss accompanied with the glasses, Dean somehow managed to look younger than his twenty-six years.
Castiel’s heart pounded in his chest as he gently pulled Dean back up to his full height, hating himself to the core as bone pressed against his fingertips and a current of satisfaction ran through his veins. Dean glared at him for a moment, green eyes suddenly aware and searching his, waiting for whatever words he could dare to utter so he could strike, like a match against its box.
“I can’t wait to find out what happens to Fitz and Hannah! I bet it’s gonna be a treat!” Garth continued on cheerfully, and Dean just nodded distractedly, not having heard a word the other man had said. “Well, thank you again, I’ve got to get off to work, but I’ll dig into these as soon as I get home. Thanks again, Dean, and please tell Jody I said to feel better soon!”
“Hey! I watch Game of Thrones and plenty of other shows that aren’t comic book themed,” Dean defended himself, tossing a throw pillow at Cas in the process.
Cas watched him as he got in the Impala and backed out of the driveway, disappearing down the street. Cas shut the door and sighed. An internal battle began to wage within him as he thought about Dean’s weight loss.
“The car, uh, looks amazing, by the way,” Sam mentioned, pulling his seatbelt over his chest and clicking it into place. He was doing his best not to mention the weight loss, hoping and praying that he could hold off for at least twenty-four hours so they could have one pleasant day together.
Blissfully ignoring the mirror, he retrieved all his discarded clothes from the cool floor and made his way into the bedroom. He tossed them as well as the towel into the hamper and padded past the still made bed (that hadn’t been slept in in almost a week) over to their dresser. He pulled out a pair of boxers and slipped them on, brow lowering when they slipped right back down, gravity pulling them to the floor. He checked the tag and saw that they were an old pair, a pair from…
The tension eased a bit after that, but Dean could still feel the sideways glances everyone shot him throughout the night. He did his best to ignore it, but still hated the uncomfortable feeling that hung around the back of his mind like a fog covering a city.
“Hmm…Mr. Muscles, that’s a new one,” Dean teased, waggling his eyebrows at Cas who shook his head and pulled the sleeves of his t-shirt down in attempt to hide his tanned skin, though the sleeves slid right back up as soon as he folded his arms across his chest.
“Take it easy brother,” Gad said, and Cas gave another nod and exited the work station area.
He clenched his jaw and turned up the radio in attempt to drown out his thoughts, but not even Zeppelin’s
“I served over there for a period of time, and let me tell you, it’s hot! Like hell!” And the man giggled, actually
He heard her scribbling down the number on the paper and chanced a glance at her only to find her eyes locked on him. His gulp was more noticeable than he would’ve liked, and he couldn’t figure out how this woman had managed to make him fear her in such a short amount of time.
Castiel managed to get up from the bed once Dean left.  His legs felt wobbly but he dragged himself to his clothes container, rifling through it until he found his lighter pants he normally wore to bed and a sweatshirt with a hood sewn along the neckline.  It was soft and had him humming softly. It didn’t take long for a knock to let him know someone was at his door. He poked his head out of the bedroom to see MacCready standing in the entryway of his hut and swallowed hard.
“What do you feel when you see his smile?” she asked.
Kenton strummed at the guitar in his lap, humming softly as the others chatted and danced around him.  It was his birthday and though it wasn’t the grand affair that Rhiannon’s had been, it was perfect. He didn’t want something huge anyway.  The entire pack or their other friends didn’t show up and it was mostly just the people he was close to. Which was just fine. The older he got, the more he seemed to pull away and where his mothers were a little worried about him, his friends understood and never once made him feel less.
“It’s alright Dean.  You can’t help that I and your brother are worry warts,” Mary smiled reaching over to run her fingers through Dean’s hair a few times, knowing she was pushing her luck a bit.
“Pogue, will you show me those moves again please?” Tommy asked, jumping up and down on his toes.  Pogue laughed softly and nodded, giving Kenton a subtle wink before he was being pulled away. Kenton watched him go and felt that nervous flutter in his chest again.
“You’re gonna be an Uncle, Sam...Cas is pregnant.” He said the words softly, almost as if he couldn’t believe it himself because it seemed-, well all of it seemed a little too good to be true but he wasn’t going to try to poke any holes in it. Castiel was more than he could have ever hoped for, not to mention having the chance to start his own family, to add have a family that actually feels like family again.
“Same goes for you, Ben...glad you kept that one in line enough to drag your sorry a-butt back home,” he said, quickly changing tactics when the little half-pint came closer.
“Gods I miss you,” Dean sighed.
Glad you’re ok
“Maybe you should cut him some slack?”
“Yes.  I was just scared that you didn’t want to be my mate anymore and just didn’t know how to tell me,” Rhiannon admitted.  Leeloo shook her head and nuzzled into the crook of Rhiannon’s neck. Her mate smelled amazing even unpresented. She couldn’t wait until Rhiannon’s birthday on Saturday to finally get a real taste of what she’d smell like.  As of now it was just fresh cut grass and jasmines.
She didn’t let him talk, only put a finger to his lips to keep him quiet a little longer. “Did you know that he asked me for help, he begged me to give him ideas on dates you’d like, your favorite foods, music, any clue. He damn near offered up everything he has on a silver platter if I’d just give him something, anything to use to connect with you and do you know what I told him?”
“I’m sorry you feel that way little brother. But I can’t change who and what I am. Neither can Aine. Honestly though, do you really think Aine enjoys the crap she has to go through just because of what she was born to be? Do you think I do? Mine is nowhere the suckiness of hers but it’s still crap all the same,” she said and grabbed at his hand, dragging him back to sit down again. Mason swallowed so hard she could hear the click in his throat.
At first, he thought Cain was messing with him but after a beat, he realized his brother wouldn’t do that.
Leeloo hummed, “You know, you should talk to your mom Charlie about it-”
“Lee, do we have lessons today?” Selene asked through a mouthful of cereal.  Leeloo went to the calendar and hummed.
“Not a chance,” Dean said, shaking his head. “You go get changed for bed.”
“Yeah, that could end horribly,” Benny sighed, leaning back against the railing of the steps they were sitting on.  He loved home and missed it but he had a feeling, he’d be missing Nordhagen more. And not just because of his new bedmate.  It was everything, from the people to the hard work, it did something to his very soul. Sure they did work back home but for whatever reason, it wasn’t the same.
“You doin okay?” she asked after a few minutes of silence.
“Hey I-ahhh, I’m not saying no here Cas,” Dean said, reaching down to gently stop him.  “But I need you to know this isn’t...you don’t owe me anything, you don’t need to repay any debt, you know that right?” he asked, not being able to stand the idea that Cas might feel some sort of obligation toward him.
Benny kept his comments to himself as they hurried down the path.  They were out maybe an hour when they heard the clings and mooing of a caravan nearby.  Benny perked up, maybe it was one of Cas’s and they could use their long-range walkies to try and reach Finch Farm.  As they got closer he gripped at MacCready’s arm, “Shit, isn’t that Doc Weathers?” Benny asked.  The man was sitting at a campfire while one of his caravan guards circled around them as the other cooked up whatever they had hunted.
“Oh god, sweetheart. I don’t-ungh, I don’t know how long this show’s gonna last for me...it’s ahhh, it’s been a while.”
I’m not sure just yet.
“Daddy, can I go snuggle with Aine now?” Jericho asked. Before Castiel could answer there was another little voice who spoke up.
“Well hey, we see all kindsa stuff out there, I’m not makin’ any promises or anything but maybe we can bring you back something to play around with, we bring back stuff for Sammy all the time,” he said, though usually when he brought anything back it was the short-term scouting trips that were barely an hour or two outside the city. The only things he’d been allowed to do back then.
Kenton shrugged, his eyes finding Pogue’s across the way.  The other boy’s head perked up as if he felt Kenton looking and they shared a smile, “I know I like him.  I know I have feelings for him but other than that...there’s nothing. I’m not
“As long as you need me to,” he said, surprising both himself and Cas it seemed. “I mean I’d have to get word back to Uncle Bobby so he doesn’t freak out but I can’t think of anywhere I’d rather be than wherever it is you want me.”
Dean headed back over to the small huddle as soon as he pushed back the tears that were threatening to fall. It didn’t take long thankfully, and he was back to chuckling along with the group of dorks he called friends, the people he loved most in the world.
“Well I’m all ears, can’t say I’ve ever had any experience with them, but I’m not one for burying my head in the sand when it comes to stuff like this,” Dean said, which closed Benny’s mouth on the subject as well. He knew it would. It was one thing not to believe the scary stories around the campfire as a kid, another thing to see that there were things not adding up and ruling out a potential threat to themselves and to their home.
Castiel blushed, “Thank you,” he said, lifting up his head to peck at Dean’s lips.  He wiggled around a bit and sighed softly, smiling at Dean’s curious look, “I like this...waking up with you...all the snuggling, it feels amazing.”
“You want help or not?” Castiel asked.  The woman eyed them for a moment before sighing heavily.
“Hey-” Dean said indignantly, it was unlike his friend to throw him under the bus, even if it meant MacCready went with them. Benny gave him a warning look though, and Dean shut his mouth. He guessed he could take the hit to his ego if it meant they had a better chance at not getting shot in the face by the love of his life.
“Looks like we’re gonna have clear weather today,” Castiel said looking up at the sky, “How far does your Pipboy say we have left?”
“Cready!  We gotta-”
“Your mother wasn’t one of the lucky ones.  She was badly hurt when she finally got to your father.  And he was just as horrible as the others, if not worse. She was still imprisoned by him when we found her,” Dean explained, his own chest tight at remembering when they had walked into that tent.  He thought finding Andy had been horrible. Kyra had been in the same way but her “Alpha” had liked to share.
“You really wanna keep him cooped up here?  He’s been begging me to go out and you know as well as I do, if I don’t let him, he’ll go out there on his own.  And will end up do something stupid,” Bobby said quickly. Mary rolled her eyes, head tilting up with a groan.
Something strange was going on with Dean but Castiel couldn’t figure out what it was.  Then again, if finding out the truth meant that these dates would end, he didn’t want to figure it out.  They’d gone one plenty of dates before but the recent ones were more...spontaneous and romantic.
“Holy...I mean...could that work?” Dean asked.
“Mmm, thank you so much for tonight, it was perfect,” Castiel sighed, looking up at the clear night sky.  Even though they’d spent a crazy amount of time with each other, Castiel was happy for this time by themselves.  He’d been working like crazy and being able to relax and lay there with Dean’s arms around him had him more at peace than anything else.
Castiel swallowed hard and nodded, words not forming in his head well enough for him to speak.  He got his rifle back around him and headed towards his group, checking each of them for himself before calling out for them all to move out.
“Die already, Asshole,” MacCready said, shooting at it again. He could feel the pain starting to radiate up his leg but it was manageable. He’d had worse and still been able to hold his own in a fight. He heard something crack once and he forced himself not to look, didn’t want to see Benny in pain, even if it wasn’t serious. But then he’d heard it again and moved his position just enough to see behind him while keeping the Incredible Hulk busy trying to catch his bullets, like an idiot.
I love you all so much and thank you for every kind word you have given me.
After unloading it all, Dean started bussing, he didn’t always do both but some jerkwad hadn’t shown up and he didn’t want the place falling apart around him so he tried to do what he could to help out wherever he was needed. He saw quite a stack of bills on the table left from the sweet girl who seemed a bit lonely.
He couldn’t help himself, Dean pulled Cas closer, lifting his chin again until their eyes met. “Hey, I told you, I’m good...and that was, well...honestly? That was one of the hottest fucking things I’ve ever seen in my life.”
‘Hi Daddy,” he said with a tired smile.
It sent a thrill up his spine as nothing else had.  God, he had so much to lose now, it was terrifying him a little.  And it wasn’t just Dean or their unborn child but everything.  Benny, MacCready, Andy...there were so many now Castiel had lost count.  He swallowed hard and focused on keeping his breathing controlled.
:  Hello Dean.
Nightmares are a myth in this hell he’s lived the last few years.
“I know
“Yeah, just wondering if it would be okay if I could go to the mall this weekend?  I’m not sure who else would go but it’ll be a group,” he said.
“What the hell are you doing? What part of taking it easy is so damn hard to understand, Cas?” Dean growled, angry at himself mostly, of course, Castiel was gonna run to catch up to his selfish ass.
“Oh I hope Sam brought Eileen this time,” he said biting his lip.
Fuck, he was so screwed up.
“Dean!” he cried, speeding up.  He had to watch as Dean got knocked down on his ass, a huge knife appearing in the raider’s hand as he knelt over Dean.  Everything splintered, his vision narrowing in and slowing down. Nothing else mattered at that moment, only getting to Dean in time.  He dropped everything, yanking out his own knife. He could see the wide set of fear in Dean’s eyes as he finally closed in, Castiel’s hand yanking back the raiders head as he viciously slit his throat.  He kicked the body away with a growl and sank to his knees next to Dean.
Benny’s eyes never left the monstrous green things roaming around, especially the huge one that stumbled around almost dumbly.  Benny wasn’t an idiot though, even if it seemed dumb it could kill them all with one swipe of the fire hydrant it was carrying around like a club.  He grabbed the back of Dean’s shirt and slowly lowered them into a crouch, scurrying across the dirt to get their new...hopefully friends.
He didn’t like to bring up what his dad had left for them, he could barely face the shop anymore let alone the legacy.
Dean swallowed, he didn’t want to reveal
Benny patted Dean’s shoulder, pointing to a neon sign saying Goodneighbor with a hastily written All Are Welcome underneath it.
You always say that.  Show me the picture I guess.
Benny took in a deep breath and opened the door.  There was another ghoul standing in front of the stairs that led down but this one was wearing an honest to god suit.  The man welcomed them to the place and announced that someone named Magnolia was just getting started. Benny glanced over his shoulder at Dean before slowly taking the steps.  There were a few people sitting around at the tables, a woman on a small platform singing in a bright red shiny dress. It was so out of place but pretty awesome regardless.
“Dude,” Benny gasped.  Behind the bar was a freaking robot.  One with three arms and what looked like three eyes.  His form was suspended in the air by the jets that sputtered off and on beneath him.
“Mmhmm, sure.  Why do I not believe either of you?” he said scrunching up his face.
He thought about what she’d looked like, remembered her smile, and then a text notification from his brother popped up on the screen.
He kept his gun down at his side until he was just a few feet behind the two, tucked away in a high patch of grass. He wouldn’t be there long enough to worry about snakes, at least he hoped not. MacCready aimed his weapon high, letting a few shots loose.
Still…
“Daddy, I’ll do the dishes!” Leeloo protested but Castiel just shushed her.
“Of course not.  And I’m not saying this to make you feel guilty Castiel.  I’m truly not. But me not wanting another child had nothing to do with anything other than I just couldn’t,” she said and returned back to her seat, “Then I was given this gift of a second chance, I knew not to waste it.  So when Garth told me that he wanted another pup, I did too.”
“We’ll schedule the two of you to work together okay?  The test isn’t until next week anyway so you’ll do just fine kiddo,” she said.  Brenton perked up a little at that, hugged both of them and then ran out of the room.  Henry chuckled a bit and watched as his mom cleaned up.
Castiel looked around again and bit his lip, “C’mon,” he said tugging on Dean’s hand to the face mask station, “I’m actually surprised you added this one.”
“D-Dean?”
Rhiannon sucked in a breath and her smile grew, “Like the sun is rising up above the horizon,” she answered in a hushed whisper.  Leeloo gently wiped away another tear and asked her final question.
“Lee, I-”
Castiel smiled so big, his cheeks were beginning to hurt.
Kenton shook his head and leaned back against the wall, his eyes flitting over to the garden.  The herbs were blooming in abundance and he loved helping his momma in the evening. All the different scents were always soothing and the hard work settled both him and the constantly pacing wolf within himself.
“I don’t want you to,” Castiel hummed.  He kept his eyes glued to Dean’s face as he dragged the pad of his thumb over the tip of Dean’s cock.  The absolute filthy moan that flew past Dean’s lips had Castiel hungry for even more. He kept it up; alternating between stroking the pulsing shaft and thumbing at the wet tip.  It was incredibly fascinating and he was about to say so when Dean’s entire body seized.
He turned, shrugged, and nodded toward a small table in the back where he’d been relaxing comfortably until his recent past decided to haunt him.
“Well I haven’t punched you in the nose yet, so let me get back to you on that, but either way, we’re here...and we need to talk.”
“Alright then, you know where you’re headin.  Sam’s got some fun toys for you two to look at and by the looks of him is about to wet himself with excitement,” Bobby chuckled, “While at The Castle, show Rufus this list.  He’ll get you back on the road with what we need,” he said handing Dean a faded piece of paper.
“Even if that were true, one guy couldn’t have done all that….right? I mean that’s three settlements all at roughly the same time-”
Castiel sucked in a sharp breath.  Were these jerks worth the relationship he’d been building with Dean?  A man who looked out for him took care of him, paid close enough attention to create one of the best dates he’d ever been on.  The answer was so easy but now...surely now it was too late.
Dean crossed the compound, a tug of dread hanging down in his chest.  This conversation was long overdue but he had promised Castiel that he would take care of it.  After the last incident with Jericho, Brady had put on strict supervision and extra chores. He was to go to his lessons, then chores, then straight back home.
When Dean and his group had shown up, Charlie didn’t exactly know what to make of them.  Especially when the train of Brahmin had closely followed.  She’d been pleasantly surprised and awe-stricken when the walls seemed to materialize out of nowhere, creating a much better defense that had all of them breathing much easier.  And it was all due to Castiel, Dean’s new husband.  He was definitely different than most, that quiet intense stare of his as he watched the walls and the turrets go up.  It was embarrassing how long it took for Charlie to make the connection between Castiel and the kid Dean had brought up the last time he was here.  She was impressed all the same.
Dean stood, moving quickly so that Cas didn’t get too far ahead of him. He wanted so badly to hold the man, to apologize, but even that would probably be unwelcome. Still..he had to try.
He’d tried to give Castiel time to bring up his issues but it didn’t seem like he was willing on his own and while he hated to throw him under the bus, he wanted another set of eyes on him, mainly Dean’s, because they were rarely apart. He just needed to make sure he’d actually kicked the habit.
They made the trek for a few more hours, only stopping once when they saw a small shed-like building. It had a sink with clean water still in it so they refilled the canteen and pushed on. Just before their stomachs rumbled for lunch, those pale cement walls came into view.
Castiel was trembling as Dean’s arms pulled him in tight, their lips just barely touching but it went straight into his heart like a lightning bolt.  He clutched at Dean’s shoulders with a touch of desperation, needing the man that much closer, craving his weight on top of him. It settled something deep in his bones, his very soul when Dean followed his pressings and soon there was absolutely no space between them.  It wasn’t sexual, just a deep needed craving that both of them clearly had. The kiss had turned into nuzzling, their faces buried in each other's necks.
“I’m sorry this was so sudden, it was for me as well.  What I need to know is if you are still willing to trust me?” Castiel asked.  Muriel’s face fell and she quickly shot forward to grab at Castiel’s hands.
At least until he realized his dad was a giant dick.
is tellin’ you to do? Cause if so I-”
“Mornin,” he said, sitting down across from Dean, Mary quickly joining them.  His leg “accidentally” kicked Sam as he sat down.
I couldn’t really resist.
“I’m not changing my mind, don’t think I ever could now,” he said softly, leaning in to press their foreheads together.
And that's how Charlie found them.  Snuggled up on the window seat while he slowly calmed down.  He felt her hands on his back and shoulder, making him whine pathetically.
Castiel was sprawled out on the bed, breathing heavily by the time Dean was done ”showering” him with affection, his body tingling from his toes to the tip of his head.  He grunted out in protest when Dean started pulling some flannel pants up his legs.
“No, Rhia-”
“Well I sure as hell ain’t any smarter after that blow to the head,” Dean snarked back, pointing to the trickle of blood sliding down his skin.
Part of him was relieved but he was still mostly on edge. It would have to take a hell of a lot for Benny to send the guy back in without him...still, worrying wouldn’t do anything but get him killed. He’d deal with whatever the fallout was later.
“Yeah, hell yes. When?”
“So...what was it that you wanted if not for caps?” she asked.
Castiel followed them with narrowed eyes, “If you’re asking The Minutemen for aid, be careful.  They’ll leave you high and dry,” he barked out.
“Does Castiel know about this?”
After a few minutes of silence, he nodded and finally made eye contact. His eyes were watery, and she felt something give in her heart at the sight.
“Are you sure? It’s no trouble,” Cas offered, but Gad shook his head.
“I shouldn’t have come back,” Cas remarked and backed away from Dean, hands thrown up in a defensive gesture. He shook his head and began to walk away, leaving Dean shocked and alone in the middle of the bustling airport.
boxers once again making an appearance.
The weight loss nagged at her, though she’d been worried about that even before Castiel had departed. It had begun last summer and didn’t seem like it was ending any time soon. She’d questioned him about it a few times, but in his typical Dean Winchester
The next day was spent double and triple checking that Cas had packed everything that he’d need. They’d managed to enjoy as much of each other’s company as they possibly could, with Cas making breakfast and Dean making him lunch and dinner.
“Yeah, just ready to get out of this outfit,” Dean replied, tugging on the shirt.
Chapter 9 : She Wants To Know - Half Moon Run
“Yes, we passed with flying colors, thankfully,” Cas answered as he took two plates out of one of the cabinets and set them on the table. He grabbed two forks as well, then set about divvying up the food Dean had prepared earlier. “How were things at the bookstore? Are Donna and Jody back yet?”
All he wanted to do was see Dean and make sure he was okay, but he and Sam’s disagreement had forced him back into the ER waiting room. Sam had stalked outside after they’d been thrown out of Dean’s makeshift room, leaving him to attempt to collect his thoughts all the while a trashy day time talk show blared in one of the waiting room’s corners.
the weather,” she said, a look of suspicion now crossing her face.
by Gad’s boot under the table.
“I’ll have another Mt. Dew if that’s okay,” Jack answered shyly, glancing at his mom before looking up at Donna.
“Are you trying to show off?” Dean asked as he got out, shooting him a questioning look.
Please heed the trigger warnings for this chapter! I don't want anyone to be triggered by Dean's thoughts/actions/feelings, so please, please read the tags.
Chapter 6 : Redbone - Childish Gambino
He cut her off, voice sounded tired and worn. “Jody, please, I’m fine.”
9,015 steps
His eyes widened at the sight, and he reset the device twice more before accepting the fact that the numbers were real.
His phone vibrating in his pocket broke him from his thoughts, and he hurriedly pulled the maroon colored
“Dean!”
Cas scrubbed at his eyes as he pulled into the driveway, though it didn’t help the weariness disappear from them. He’d been through drill after drill after drill in the last three days, and finally got the okay to go home. Twice a year, he was forced to go through them to keep all the men stationed there on their toes, in case of a real emergency. He’d managed to get roughly eight hours of sleep in the time he’d been gone, and he was looking forward to passing out as soon as he made it through the door.
