“Every time we lost Cas, you were always—you were devastated, and it was worse every time. Especially this last time, I thought—Dean, I honestly, if he hadn’t come back, I wasn’t sure we’d had ever gotten
“I didn’t intend to hurt you, or make you feel—“
Dean almost wishes he could fall back on alcohol, or say he wasn’t thinking, but he was. He knew exactly what he was doing when he cut Cas off one more time, this time the only way he knew for certain would shut him up. The hand gripping Cas’s sleeve came up to the lapel of his trench coat instead, tugging Cas forward as his other hand found the back of Cas’s neck.
“Dean, wait,” Sam grabbed his arm, and Dean jerked away from him like he’d caught fire, glare now turned to his brother.
Dean had a job that he liked, where he felt like he made a difference. He’d spent years—decades—thinking that if he wasn’t hunting, he couldn’t help anyone. But he’d proven himself wrong. He could help hunters, he could help normal people. He made a difference. He belonged somewhere. He had a life. He had people that missed him when he skipped the weekly poker game at Garth’s, and who showed up at his door unexpected with pie and homemade dinners, not because they were worried, but because they wanted to just spend time with him. He had friends, he had his found family.
He resented their absence all the same.
“That’s not entirely accurate,” Cas said. Dean could hear the annoyance in his tone, and couldn’t blame him for it. But honestly he didn’t care. Cas could be as annoyed as he wanted. Dean was going to find a way to get him out of the deal. “The Empty said it would come and take me when I experience a moment of true happiness. I’m perfectly content to live in the range between miserable and true happiness. It’s not one extreme or the other, as Dean implied.”
“We’ll get going now so you can take care of Jack,” I said. Dean didn’t seem to ear me. His eyes had drifted from the Other Dean to the hallway where Castiel had disappeared. I thought for a moment he was going to ask if he could see him once more, if he could say goodbye. But when I tapped his arm, he jerked as though I’d shocked him, and turned to head for the door. I offered a polite smile to the Other Dean. I wondered if the look of confusion was permanent on his features, or if it was because of having doppelgängers in his home.
“Castiel’s alive,” my brother’s whispered voice came from beside me.
It was perfect for now, though.
Dean didn’t say anything. He expected that Charlie thought it was because her words had got to him. They didn’t. He didn’t speak because if he tried, he would scream. At her, at Sam, at Cas. And he couldn’t do that. Screaming was like crying. If he started, he knew he wouldn’t stop.
He didn’t even register their words as they each hugged him in turn and left his apartment. A father. Well, not really a father. Biological father, as Charlie had put it.
“A lot of shit that I shouldn’t have,” Dean answered, eyes dropping to the floor, picking out a loose thread in the rug to stare at. “I couldn’t let him be happy. If he was happy, the Empty would take him. I said— Damnit, Sam. We have to break this deal. We have to get him out of this—“
—————
The Other Dean looked as confused as I would’ve expected of him, having pieced together what I had from the last several minutes. “Yeah, sure,” the Other Dean agreed as though he wasn’t sure what he was agreeing to, but just wanted us out.
He didn’t want to think about Cas, what he would’ve done, what he wanted. Sam at least, he knew he would see one day in Heaven. But Cas—he pushed that to the back of his mind. That is, until Charlie left a course catalog on the kitchen table again after he’d been living with them for just over six months.
“Dean, people care about you. I care about you,” Charlie said.
Cas sighed heavily. “Happiness and true happiness are not always the same thing. As I said, there’s entire range between misery and true happiness. Can we please focus on the real threat here? Chuck destroyed the entire world except for us. We need to do something.”
He had believed Dean. After everything, after Purgatory, after years of relying on each other, of Dean needing him there. And Cas had believed the cold words he had spat out in a desperate attempt to keep the Empty from taking him.
The first thing Dean noticed when he faded back to consciousness, was that nothing hurt. His neck, which hadn’t been fully without aches and pains for several years, felt fine. The air smelled clean, it smelled like that time he and Sam had driven through the Blue Ridge Parkway, stopped and just sat and looked at the views from the mountains whenever they felt like it.
“How did you?” Dean asked. His eyes were locked onto her hand covering his, and he moved his other hand to cover hers. “Get through the survivor’s guilt?”
She won that one too.
Two breaths.
Cas smiled back at him, taking Dean’s hand still against his cheek in his and turning to press a kiss against Dean’s palm, before lacing their fingers together and taking a small step back. He turned to look towards the house he’d been standing in front of, and Dean looked up to actually take in the building. It was a single story, pale green house, with a dark wooden porch, a swing hanging on one side o it, a table and a couple chairs on the other side.
“Don’t go, please,” Dean whispered. He cleared his throat, shaking his head a little as he looked up to meet Cas’s eyes. “I mean, you can. I know you—you’re an Archangel,” his voice broke over the word that felt like it created a canyon between them. “You’re busy, you have, Heavenly work to do, or whatever. But. Uh, Cas.” He trailed off for a moment. Even with this news creating such distance between them, he knew if he didn’t say it now, he wouldn’t ever. “What you said, before the Empty took you—“
When their lips met, it was like everything stopped, and everything came alive simultaneously. Words ceased, the room fell away, the steady hum of the fridge faded. And everything felt electric. His skin buzzed, his lips burned in the most pleasant way—and after a moment it hit him that Cas wasn’t moving.
“Really? Seriously, what’s going on?”
An arm wrapped around his back, around his ribs, and a hand tugged one of his arms around her shoulders. He let her guide him down the stairs, stumbling and cursing at everything. At the stairs, at the glass, at the blood making the stairs slick, at Charlie, at himself. Mostly at himself.
—————
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas said, his words no less painful to hear than the silence. “I didn’t mean to make you angry or—“
“Love you too, bitch. Now come on. We’ve got a lot more driving to do if we wanna get home before tomorrow.”
“I hate you,” he choked out, grin still on his face, hand wiping away tears.
When he pried his eyes open, it was bright. Middle of the day, California sun kind of bright. It took him a moment to focus, so see what was around him. Trees, mostly. Mountains in the distance, and a figure running towards him.
“You’ll have eternity to get over it,” Charlie said. And that was not the response he expected. He couldn’t help it. He laughed. The kind of surprised laughter that started quietly, but he couldn’t stop. The kind of laughter that hurt his chest, and burned his eyes until he was gasping for a few breaths between punches of now painful laughter. The kind of laughter that could’ve turned into sobs if he didn’t manage to catch his breath in time to stop it.
I could practically see the gears in Dean’s mind grind to a halt. He opened his mouth, tried to say something, but nothing came out. I reached out to squeeze his shoulder, offering a smile to the Other Castiel. “Nothing, nothing at all,” I assured him. He turned to look at the Other Dean, eyebrows raised. Even with different demeanors, different expressions they used, I could recognize the silent conversation they were having. Though something was…different. Everything was different that their old world, than Dean and Castiel. But there was something particularly different about the Other Dean and Castiel.
“You should be,” Charlie replied, though there was no venom in her tone. She pulled her chair around so she could sit facing Dean, the chair where his leg was still propped up on the chair beside her. “But not for this,” she added, gesturing to the wet patch on her shirt. “You should be sorry for scaring the hell out of us. Jody called, thinking I might’ve heard from you. Her and Donna are pulling their hair out.”
Thirty compressions.
Jonathan managed to drag him to a meeting. An honest-to-Jack AA meeting. Dean had no idea how his life had ended up there, but somehow it had. It was more than a little weird hearing people talk about God, praying to a God that Dean had met. The weird thing was that the God they thought they were praying to, for all intents and purposes, was probably Chuck. But he was a shit God. There was some comfort in the knowledge that Jack would be better. There was less comfort in the knowledge that he was staying hands off when people asked for his help. But they seemed to get help from somewhere, so Dean chalked it up to a holy placebo.
“I don’t feel a pul—“
“As long as you want me around,” Cas answered. He leaned up to press another chaste kiss against Dean’s lips, pulling a smile from the ex-hunter. Dean kissed him again, longer and deeper this time, savoring the freedom that he had to kiss the angel—Archangel—that stood in front of him.
Thirty compressions.
“Yeah, and how’s that?” Dean snapped at him. He didn’t intend to snap at him, but how the hell did Sam expect that he was supposed to figure something out when Dean wasn’t even sure he’d figured it out entirely?
“You’re a hunter. You shouldn’t—fucking pneumonia shouldn’t be what takes you out,” he choked out.
“I’m not sure why, but this song always plays when the door is opened,” Cas commented, sounding more than a little confused.
It took him another month to sort his brain out between what he wanted and what Sam would’ve wanted. Doing things, making little decisions based on what Sam or Cas would’ve done if they’d been alive—it had helped him get through the day-to-day at first. It had helped him quit drinking, and helped him eat actual food, get his life back to some semblance of normal. Now the downside was every time he had to make a major decision, spending longer than usual picking it apart to make sure it was what he wanted, not what one of them would’ve wanted.
“—You’re not going out to bars anymore—“ Charlie continued was if he hadn’t spoken.
“It wasn’t supposed to be like this,” Dean said weakly.
“Not a chance,” the Other Dean answered. He pressed his lips together, gaze averted to the side for a moment as though he were trying to figure out how to say what he wanted to. He didn’t have as firm a grasp on talking through emotions as had been instilled in my brother and I. That made a lot of other things make sense, now that I thought about it. “Look, I get it,” he said. I knew he didn’t, but he was looking at Dean, so I didn’t interrupt. “I thought I lost Cas a few times.” Cas? That seemed like such an odd, trivial nickname. He was a powerful and magnificent angel—to call him by something that seemed so normal, so human, felt disrespectful. But respect didn’t seem to be a well-instilled value in this other world. “And man, it almost broke me. It did break me. But he always came back. And hell, Cas is a bleeding heart. I’m sure wherever you end up, he’ll zap over and check up on you on occasion.”
“You made it past forty,” Stevie offered.
He alternated between drinking in his room and drinking in the trap room. Staring, just staring at the wall where the Empty had manifested, had came to take Cas away from him.
“Sam and Eileen are next door,” Cas added, gesturing to an almost identical, though grayish blue house next door. “Your parents are down the road that way, Bobby is further up the road. Garth is near there as well. Jody and Claire have houses next door to each other just a couple miles down the other direction.”
It took about two months for Dean to wrap his head around the idea. Every time he went over to their house, every time the boys got a little more comfortable with him around, every time Michael fell asleep in his arms, every time Jacob cried until Dean picked him up. Every time his arms felt empty when he handed one of the boys back Charlie or Stevie.
Dean knew he shouldn’t stay home alone with Samantha that night. He knew he should take his daughter and spend the night with Charlie and Stevie. Logically, he knew that.
“Cas is with him.”
Dean laughed, held the door open for her and followed her into the kitchen. When they got there, Charlie was absent. “Sure, though I don’t know if you’ll believe it.”
“Doesn’t matter,” Dean said, finally looking up at her. “Dead people don’t want anything.”
“I think this calls for a celebration dinner.” Dean hadn’t been so happy to hear his brother’s voice in a long time.
“You don’t seem the type,” he teased.
“You don’t have to leave,” Charlie insisted. “They should get used to you being around too.”
“Have you?”
Charlie had searched the bunker top to bottom, finding and confiscating every bottle of alcohol she could find. She didn’t find the one tucked between Dean’s mattress and box springs, until she found him drunk the night after she arrived. Then she confiscated that bottle too.
“Cas liked them?” Charlie asked. Dean nodded as they continued going through the bowl of cookie dough.
“You’re going to have your hands full,” Jody said. Ten months after the pair first asked Dean, and there was a crowd waiting at Stevie and Charlie’s when they got home. A banner hung form the ceiling inside the entryway read, “Welcome home Michael and Jacob!!” The twins woke up almost immediately when the women brought them inside, the hushed, excited voices of their family not quite quiet enough to let them sleep.
A cosmic reset button. Dean didn’t think they could actually do it. Well, they didn’t necessarily. It had mostly been Jack.
That hurt worse than Dean would admit, but he pushed past it now. His hands fisted in the front of Cas’s coat, pulling him forward and pressing their lips together. He felt Cas freeze, and he didn’t move, didn’t pull back, only relaxing into the kiss when he felt tentative hands brushing his arms, one moving to lie against his chest. And in blissful perfection, the angel’s lips moved against his, pressing back, soft and uncertain.
“I thought the Empty couldn’t come to earth unless it was summoned,” Jack said, looking curiously at Dean. His eyes shifted to Cas.
It wouldn’t matter. It had been a year. Cas was gone, Sam was gone. Cas couldn’t hear him, Sam couldn’t hear him. Jack could probably hear him, but he’d said he would be hands off, so either that meant he wasn’t listening or wasn’t answering. It meant about the same to Dean.
Dean hugged Samantha tight when he got home. She was nearly a teenager now, and stood almost to his shoulder. When she went to bed, he went to the corner store. He got a bottle of whiskey and went back home.
His throat closed up, and he couldn’t even form his brother’s name before their arms were wrapped tight around each other.
Dean’s back hit the wall, but his eyes never left Cas. The dark, inky blackness stretched over Cas’s shoulder, hesitated.
“Cas, stop. You—“
“Funny,” Dean scowled at her. He didn’t reach out to take the crutches, earning an exhausted sigh from her as she leaned them against the table beside him.
“Wait, what deal?” Sam asked.
Dean laughed, squeezing his brother’s shoulder, reminding himself that he was really there. He was in Heaven, and Sam was there with him. “I have a lot to catch you up on,” he said, mind casting back to earth. To Samatha, to Michael and Jacob.
“I know what you’re doing,” Dean said one day. He’d been staying with Charlie and Stevie for just under eleven months, and they’d made no plans to push him out. He had enough money now to rent a place of his own, and he intended to soon. Stevie and Julie, another hunter who had been a social worker in a past life, insisted that he stay in one place for a full year. He should go through all of the holidays, all the anniversaries, before he lived on his own. And that was what today was, when Charlie stood at the kitchen counter, shoving a bowl of cookie dough mixture at Dean. It was the anniversary of the day Cas was taken by the Empty.
Sam didn’t look surprised. He looked…nervous? “What did you, uh. The Empty, it didn’t take him. What did you do or say to keep it from taking him?” Sam’s voice sounded pained, as if he dreaded the answer even as he asked the question.
Well, I have no self control, so these chapters all got posted pretty quickly. I want to do more in this series. Let me know which character's pov you'd like to see in the next story. I'm leaning towards Gabriel, for a lighter story after this one.
“Good,” Dean replied. He hoped she didn’t hear his heart breaking.
“You’re optimistic today, aren’t you?” Stevie teased.
“I told her about you,” Dean said. “How we met, how many times you saved me. About her uncle Sam, about—hell, everyone.”
“Dean?” Charlie’s gentle voice pulled him back, and his eyes found hers again.
Cas’s wings folded in on themselves until they disappeared from Dean’s view again, and Dean mourned their loss, even if the slight of them made him feel so far from Cas.
“Are you insane?” Dean snapped. He swallowed the tears, forced a glare at Cas, curled his lips into a scowl.
“I’m trying to think of one, but I’m coming up blank,” Stevie admitted, pulling a laugh from Dean.
Pounding in his head woke Dean. It was usually what woke him up the last few days, or week, however long it had been. It was always the hangover that woke him. Reminding him that the alcohol level in his body was getting dangerously low, and he needed to wake up and rectify the problem immediately. Lest he start to think—And thinking was strictly forbidden.
“I’m not okay,” he muttered.
“That’s…specific,” Dean said. “Fine, I’ll go take a shower and—“
Except, it occurred belatedly to Dean that that wasn’t what Cas had apologized for. “Cas, that’s not—“
A lump formed in Dean’s throat at Charlie’s soft words. A smile pulled at his lips, and he started rocking Jacob slightly in his arms. “Hey Jacob. Nice to finally meet you. Been waiting a while.”
“No, no it—no.” He tore his eyes away from her, looking around at the bunker. At the beer bottles, whiskey bottles scattered across the table, across the floor. At the stack of empty frozen pizza boxes leaning precariously against the trashcan. Various empty potato chip bags thrown vaguely in that direction. It smelled like alcohol and death. He smelled like alcohol and death.
“The fuck? Give that back,” Dean growled at her.
He’d been living with Stevie and Charlie for about two months when the third advertisement for a local university showed up on the kitchen table with his name on it. Well, with Dean Turner’s name on it. It hadn’t taken Charlie too long to create a fake alias for him, complete with ID, social security card, and a passport he told her he’d never use.
It felt like some kind of weight was taken from his shoulder as he left the kitchen in search of Castiel. A smile tugged at his lips at the thought of the angel, and eh was finally able to indulge the excitement and happiness everyone else had found since the world had been put back together again, now a little bit brighter.
He didn’t.
“This is a stupid and unnecessary risk,” Cas said, his voice holding the same cold tone that had been more frequent as of late. Dean tore his eyes away from Cas when Sam held a beer out to him. “The Empty can’t collect on the deal, so what does it matter if it ever gets broken?”
It took about thirty minutes, a pair of tweezers, a fair number of stitches, a lot of bandages, a bottle of rubbing alcohol and a bottle of whiskey, before Charlie glared at him again. She’d propped his foot up on a chair with the order not to move, before snatching away the whiskey bottle.
Sammy had Charlie’s red hair, Dean’s green eyes, and by the time she was a toddler, both their stubborn attitudes and habits for getting into trouble. She was going to be a handful, and Dean found himself glad that twins didn’t run in Charlie’s family as they apparently did in Stevie’s.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jonathan leaned over Claire’s face with a penlight.
Stevie ended up carrying the child. Charlie swore she didn’t want to carry a child every in her life, but Dean didn’t miss the wistful way she would look at Stevie, even when he was complaining of pains and morning sickness. Her smile would soften a little, her fingers drumming against her own stomach for a moment before she caught herself and would go make whatever food Stevie was requesting at the moment.
“Yeah well I hope this works too. I’m tired of watching this,” Sam said. “You know you don’t have to yell at him, right? He didn’t have his moment of true happiness or whatever when we were all hanging out, or having movie nights, or playing stupid board games. You don’t have to be a dick just to keep him from disappearing.”
Everything still hurt, but nothing was numb. The pain was worse, but the emptiness wasn’t. It was the worst of being drunk and the worst of being hungover combined. Charlie was there, and that helped, even if he didn’t want to admit it. He knew she would leave too, soon. That made it worse, but it was also almost a comfort, in a way. There was comfort in familiar pain. It wasn’t a surprise. It would never be a surprise anymore. People left him, they always did. So he didn’t get attached. He didn’t speak more than was necessary, and stayed in his room mostly.
“Yeah, no. Fuck that,” Dean muttered. Not that he really had anything against baths, but he was losing every battle so far with Charlie. He at least wanted this one, stupid as it may be.
Charlie looked away, offering a polite smile to the server as he brought their food. “Thanks,” she said quietly. Dean just looked up and forced a smile that the server barely returned before leaving them again.
He didn’t feel normal. He didn’t feel good. Not by any definition. But he felt…Okay. As okay as he could, anyway. He felt like he wasn’t alone, and that was a dangerous feeling, but he let himself indulge in it, just for a little while.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean muttered under his breath. “Can it wait, Sam?” The words came out sharper than he’d intended.
. “Not the wings you had in the barn,” Dean said. They were incredible. The inky black wings Dean had seen only a flash of in the barn, they had been powerful, terrifying, the wings of a soldier. These were—
Though they agreed that Dean wouldn’t have any legal responsibilities or rights, he wanted to be there as much as they would let him. The three agreed that they would know who their father was, and grow up calling him dad, even if he had no legal rights as their father. It took a village, after all, and hunters knew that more than anyone.
“I’m sorry,” Dean said. He didn’t have anything else to offer, but he knew from experience there was nothing else to say. No words made it better or easier.
“Cas,” Dean whispered past the lump in his throat. He couldn’t make his voice work past that, couldn’t force any other words past his lips. So he spoke through action instead. The hand clutching Cas’s coat slipped across Cas’s ribs, around his back. His other hand found the side of Cas’s face, pulling, guiding him closer as Dean’s head dipped just enough to press their lips together.
“Can we stay a bit longer?” Dean asked. Not me, of course. He asked the Other Dean, who shook his head. “Come one, we could all live here, in the bunker. There’s enough space for all of us.”
Dean took a shaky breath, blinking back tears as he looked up at Sam. “He uh. He said that—that happiness wasn’t in having. Just in being—in saying. Sam, he,” Dean paused, taking a breath and closing his eyes before he continued. “He said he loved me. He said he loved me, and that—loving me, saying it, that was enough, I guess. His moment of true happiness, for the Empty to come to take him.”
“I’m a human,” she corrected him. She squeezed his hand, tugging at it a little until he looked up and met her eyes. “We’re all human. Besides, I don’t want to go out with some monster thinking it’s better than me anyway,” she added, her lips quirking up a little. He found himself smiling sadly back at her. “I’m a hunter that no monster could kill. Not many hunters get to go out saying that.” Dean huffed out a short laugh. “Look after my girls for me,” she added.
That was how Dean got through the next few months. He did what he should. He did what Sam would’ve done, then what Sam would’ve wanted Dean to do. It got easier, after a while. Some days were harder, and he resorted back to eating salads, drinking those weird protein shakes, and even once forcing himself to go on a run with nothing chasing him.
“I was,” Cas answered. His grip loosened a little, and Dean knew that was the silent signal that he should let go, but he didn’t want to yet. He couldn’t. He just tightened his grip, eyes shut tight as he held on a little bit longer, and felt Cas’s arms tighten around him again. “Jack pulled me out of the Empty. He needed help rebuilding Heaven.”
“Especially not for me,” Cas said. A sad kind of smile tugged at his lips, and a moment later large, bright, iridescent rainbow wings unfurled from his back. Dean fell back a step, though the hand on his arm still clutched at his jacket sleeve, still unwilling to let go entirely.
* Chapter 07 : What he wrote - L. Marling
“No, I don’t know, Mr. Novak.”
He’s spoken the words so many times that they roll off his tongue without much thought, without much meaning left even. Though if it weren’t for the truth hidden in them, he wouldn’t be here, in rehab. Again.
* Chapter 07 : What he wrote - L. Marling
And the bonds broken? Those will follow the traces of equally fractured bones, perhaps even growing within when the wounds heal but damage remains.
* Chapter 07 : What he wrote - L. Marling
* Chapter 21 : Corbeau blanc - Julien Doré
("I won't leave the lines traces by the white ravens.")
* Chapter 01: Not afraid - Tommee Profitt
“The factory,” Dean snaps after another one of Castiel’s attempts at trying to understand why Mr. Winchester seemed so upset. “The factory’s opening is tomorrow. I thought we could celebrate, together, but you went ahead and ruined that. I hope you’re happy.”
“You’ve known him that long?”
Playlist so far:
Closing his laptop with a sigh that came uncomfortably close to resembling defeat, Castiel decides to clock off for the night, trying not to think too hard about how he has to be back at that damned office in less than nine hours because no amount of overthinking was ever going to mentally prepare him for the fuckery happening at Hypocrite Headquarters.
“We’re sorry, sir” one grits out, “there must have been a misunderstanding. We’ll be on our way.”
“Oh..” Castiel releases on an exhale.
This genuinely makes her giggle, giving him another one of those sweet smiles that make you feel all cozy inside and she responds with; “no need to apologize, it means I’m doing my job well”. Cas couldn’t agree more. If he tries hard enough, even the faint sweat on his forehead from his recent cravings for certain
And if there’s one thing you don’t do, it’s starting personal beef with one of the most powerful and influential people in your country. To the outside world, Winchester International was the perfect, little family company. You know, the ones who are on the side of the people and whose records are squeaky clean. At least on paper.
However, Gabriel is completely star-struck by the man because let’s be honest: who isn’t? But Cas couldn’t give two fucks. At least with his brother by his side, plus being in a relatively busy restaurant, meant he was undoubtedly going to be treated to another round of spectacular play-pretend.
“No, I know. Anna gave it to me.”
eat him if he’d piss them off in one way or another.
“Stop!” he screams, slightly muffled by the arms desperately trying to protect his face and avoiding getting bit again. It only quiets down when Mr. Winchester manages to drag the dog away and towards its room by the heavy leather collar decorating trained muscle and agitated skin.
“Gabe, I’m so,
It actually doesn't sound as bad as he initially thought. It sounds so much worse. But the one factor that really made this suck harder than Dean Winchester sucks dick for power, was Dean Winchester himself. Also, couldn’t he have gone for something more conventional like ‘personal assistant’ or ‘legal consultant’? Why did it have to be a marriage certificate?
* Chapter 08 : Mercy - S.Mendes (acoust.)
It feels vaguely familiar and that’s when it hits him; the panting, the moaning, the kissing.
Playlist so far:
owner of Winchester Co. Wait, Castiel, is that it? Is that why you married him?”
She doesn’t. Her face says enough.
* Chapter 02 : Broken bones - Kaleo
Fuck!
There’s sunken in structures, tired eyes, and fidgeting fingers. Arms are being scratched, legs are bouncing. It makes his own body twitch. But there’s also some hopeful gazes looking at him, encouraging him in a silent matter that tell him he’s not alone, so he speaks up.
Castiel immediately goes quiet when their Rolls Royce pulls up in front of the venue. A reaction Dean had expected yet had not been enough of a reason for him to change any of it. There will be more surprises to come, unpleasant ones maybe but they will keep Castiel on his toes at least. “Is that-“
It got so bad one night Castiel snuck out of his room, quiet like a kid on Christmas morning and with just as much jitteriness, if not more, all to find himself in that same study where they had been tangled in each other’s arms with their lips wetly pressed together.
But Dean ignores him, of course he does. “What happened to your face there?” He asks instead, pointing at the red and already slightly purpling spread on Cas’s cheek, eventually answering for him; “finally learned that your actions have consequences?”
he wants to think, if it wasn’t for the fact a man just got murdered right next to him and if he wasn’t still too out of it to even stand on his legs or see his surroundings without gushes of dizziness crashing down.
* Chapter 01: Not afraid - Tommee Profitt
Of course it was brushed off by Mr. Turner. Not in a ‘this is okay’ way, but in a ‘I’m old and have grown up in a generation where women were still only believed to cook and clean’ way. It stung, for days, weeks even, as Castiel had to watch some of the people present during that meeting give speeches at humanitarian events mere nights later.
* Chapter 19 : Where the river ends - OTEP
When they do slow down, tires hitting a more uneven road, Castiel doesn’t recognize where they are. It almost looks as if they’re driving through a forest with how thick and unkept the trees are here, barely any light illuminating the path either so they’re definitely far out of any major city and therefore; a long way from home.
And with that, Dean goes quiet, his eyes finally letting go of Castiel’s to look away for a fraction of a second. When he looks up again, those very eyes are filled with actual tears.
“Let’s get to it.” Mr. Winchester had exclaimed before immediately continuing to casually discuss how erasing a natural forest could be justified by offering some of the jobs within the new establishments to ‘those poor Latinos’. For Castiel, a ten year (and ongoing) hatred had started.
“Why are you crying?” The question actually comes out rather docile compared to the harsh behaviour portrayed throughout the day, as if Mr. Winchester is taken aback by the fact his asshole-ness does, in fact, have an impact on some people but that’s about it. He stands up from his chair, walks around to the front of his desk and then leans against it, crossing his arms over his chest as he watches a struggling Castiel with a disinterested look.
It’s a joke. Nothing more than a joke, Castiel knows that but it still stings and he’s unable to fully hide it, a hurt expression settling over already battered features as he once again turns his attention away from Gabriel.
* Chapter 10 : Bloody city - Sam Tinnesz
Quickly shoveling some vegetables into his mouth doesn’t let him off the hook apparently. Gabriel even puts his cutlery down, Gabriel who would kill for food. “Are they, Cassie?”
“Cas-“
“Now, why am I telling you all this, Cassie? You see,” Dean moves again, this time until his body is pressed against Cas’s sweaty back so he can purr the next words directly against cold cheeks,
“Get washed and dressed,” the man barks, “we’re going home.”
Castiel should have seen it coming, the look in Wesson’s eyes being a fair warning, but the punch still literally knocks the air out of him as it lands square against the side of his face where it immediately leaves a throbbing ache spreading through his skin. “You go after him right now! I don’t care if you have to beg him on your knees. You will take that deal or I’ll make sure the charges are being shifted from the company to you personally. I don’t have to explain what it will be like to try and defend yourself against Winchester International, do I?”
“Him and I, we’ve got a smooth something going. I’m looked after, cared for, …”
“It’s not about the money. Look, he still cares about you, Cas- no, he never stopped. I know you two had a.. falling out, but you were a teenager back then. Don’t you think maybe it’s time you lay down your arms?”
His decision hadn’t been hidden in the words spoken, too fragile of a concept and too broken of a surrender to be laid barren. Rather, it had been enclosed in the words
Playlist so far:
* Chapter 13 : Keeping me alive - Jonathan Roy
Where he wants to panic about having to explain any of this, Castiel can’t find it in him to do anything but nod at his brother’s words as he drifts once more.
“My brother,” he says softly this time, “I need to call him. Let him know I’m okay.”
The entire company had been tiptoeing ever since the announcement came that they were given the once in a lifetime opportunity to advise and represent the one and only Mr. Winchester on his complex legal journey towards yet another future business plan.
* Chapter 02 : Broken bones - Kaleo
“That’s it,
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
I need information on someone.”
He’s been sitting on that chair for at least twelve hours, though his judgement could be off. After all, Cas’s only way of semi-telling the time is whenever Dean leaves the room and is too quick in opening another door in the adjacent corridor, giving way to distant light trickling in from somewhere Castiel cannot pinpoint.
“Uhm, no. He just said he wanted to drive around after work.”
Worshipped.
“Señora Paula!” He screams, immediately sending himself into a coughing fit as he scrambles from underneath the silk sheets too quickly. The floor sways but he manages to stay upright. “Señora!” Cas calls again. This time, she comes running in, looking alarmed. “Sí, señor?!”
Something's wrong. Castiel knows it as soon as he hears the shouting coming from downstairs, followed by slamming doors and more heated exchanges between a number of men whom he cannot distinguish just yet. Even Paula, who’s sitting next to him on the bed, the first aid kid still between them, seems instantly alarmed as she moves away from Cas.
They’re interrupted by a certain empty stomach protesting against the weeks of malnourishment.
“I don’t- I don’t know what to say, Gabe. Other than ‘I’m sorry’ but that doesn’t mean shit, does it? I don’t want you to worry about me. I’m clean, I-”
. He wasn’t hurt, couldn’t be. There’s not a reason in the world he should even remotely care whom Dean sleeps with or what the man does in his downtime for that matter. But if he didn’t care, why had he felt flickers of disappointment when seeing the couple still reeking of sex coming through those doors? Why’d he feel a wave of jealousy?
Charlie insisted Samantha and Dean stay at their house for a few days. Dean let Samantha stay with them. He stayed home, locked the doors, turned off his phone, and spent a few days of pto alternating between drunk and hungover until Jonathan threatened to break through a window.
Jack’s smile was bright when he turned to look at Dean, but Dean’s eyes were glued to the figure beside him. “Cas,” he breathed, so quietly he didn’t think either of them could hear him, but Cas smiled.
Jack held his hands up in front of him. “Not for my soul, or yours or Cas. Not a deal any of us will have to pay. I think I can get us all out of this, and Cas free.”
“Cas summoned it,” Dean answered. “So it took Billie, end of story.” Not end of the story, but close enough.
“It’s not supposed to be like anything,” Jody said, offering him a weak smile.
The nephilim slept for a solid week after the fight. After Chuck was gone for good, as well as Amara. Dean had worried if the boy would wake up, but Sam kept an eye on him. And everything was back the way it should be. Mostly, anyway. The world seemed to be back. According to news reports, the entire world just didn’t remember the two or three days between when they disappeared and when they were returned. Some people had little memory, and there were cases of some people missing entirely still, though enough John and Jane Does kept turning up that it appeared that everyone had returned, in one fashion or another. People tried to piece it together, but few people had any pieces, and they weren’t sharing. Bobby, Charlie, Stevie, they were all back. Eileen was back, and happy with Sam. They had been helping Bobby and Charlie, tracking down and tracing all of the missing family members to the claims of people whose memories had been more affected, and working on reuniting them with their loved ones.
“Not even for you?” Dean asked. It seemed hard to believe. Cas was as good was Jack’s father, if anyone deserved to be exception to the rule, it was him.
Heaven was close enough to perfect, but he wasn’t about to rush anyone. They would find their way there eventually. And this—This was perfect for now.
Crystal blue eyes peered back at us, shifting from my brother to me and back, confusion etched across his features. The Other Dean slapped a hand against his back. “Why don’t you go make sure Jack’s alright?” The Other Dean suggested, his smile clearly forced as he spoke. He nodded, turning away from us and starting towards the hallway.
Day thirty sober wasn’t much easier than day one. It was harder, in some ways. He knew what a month numb had felt like. He’d been able to just coast through from day to day without much thought or acknowledgement of anything. Hell, he couldn’t even tell the days apart inside the bunker if he wanted to avoid it all together, which he had. Sober though. Everything hurt, and there was no avoidance. He spent his days working on Stevie’s car, or Jody’s. Whoever brought their car by saying it was making a weird noise or needed new brake pads. He knew every hunter there could do at least half the shit they were asking him to do, but he never called them out on it. He liked the distraction and getting his hands dirty.
“I give them ten minutes,” Dean said.
Comments and kudos give me life <3
They had said he wouldn’t have any responsibilities, at least not on paper, but if he did this—hell, he was actually considering it—he didn’t want to be absent form the kid’s life either.
(See the end of the chapter for
Still, it would mean another human, another Winchester, even if not in name, running around. He dropped onto the couch, face in his hands as he ran over the possibility in his mind. He could see a young Sam, looking up at him with bright eyes. He saw Jack, heard his odd questions, remembered teaching him how to work on cars and load a gun. He remembered Claire, how it hadn’t been that long ago that he’d been ready to murder some creepy biker guy that she’d described as “grabby.” She could take care of herself, he’d known that even then. It still didn’t stop the feeling of protectiveness he’d felt towards her, still did. Could he really handle having a little version of himself running around?
“I’m what?” Dean asked, more harshly than he knew he should have. “I’m going crazy? I’m wasting my life? I’m a worthless alcoholic?”
“That glass went pretty deep into your foot,” Charlie said. “It’s not going to heal properly if you keep walking on it. Just for a few days, a week tops. Trust me, you won’t even notice the time go by,” she added sharply.
Dean didn’t realize he was staring towards where Cas had indicated Claire’s house was until he felt Cas tugging on his hand. “There’s time to see everyone soon,” Cas said. “Don’t you want to see,” he paused a moment before continuing, “Our house first?” A warmth filled Dean’s chest at the words, and he nodded, bright smile on his lips as he walked towards the house. Their house.
“We should have PB&Js for lunch,” he commented.
“You want me to what?” Charlie asked. The six month old twins were playing on a mat on the floor, shaking plastic key rings and pushing buttons on toys that made animal sounds.
“Pupils unresponsive.”
“Charlie put you up to this?” Dean asked. It wasn’t an accusation, and from her smile, he could tell she didn’t take it as one.
Sam’s hands fell away from Dean’s arms, and he felt himself stumble a little as he tried to catch his balance. To catch his breath.
Dean nodded, eyes dropping back to the toast. His stomach turned just looking at it, so he grabbed the glass of water instead, taking a few small sips. As soon as the water hit his tongue, he wanted to chug the entire glass, but he knew from experience that wouldn’t end well. He forced himself to set the glass down on the table, still mostly full. “He’s gone,” Dean said, his voice rough and pained. “Cas and Jack too. I mean, Jack is—God, or something. But Cas and Sam. They’re—gone gone.”
As it turned out, there were a lot more doctors office visits than Dean had expected. For Stevie, sure. But he wasn’t expecting the number of appointments for himself. A physical and bloodwork, a consultation to talk them through how the process would work, and an incredibly awkward appointment involving the doctor, Charlie and Stevie waiting outside of a room where Dean was left with a plastic cup and a stack of magazines.
His face crumpled and he collapsed against me. I wrapped my arms around him tight. For years growing up, he had been the strong one for me. In these years since Castiel’s death, it’s been my turn to be the strong one.
“I smoked a cigar,” she answered. His eyes shot up to hers, and he watched an amused smirk curl at her lips.
—————
I still can’t figure him out. There’s no counterpart of Jack that I know of in our world. But I suppose it doesn’t matter, if God is destroying all the worlds as they say. It’s still curious.
Wet drops fell, staining the shoulder of Claire’s shirt.
“You know I will.”
Otherwise, Dean was quiet at dinner. Some part of him couldn’t quite believe it was real, but some small part of him was also unreasonably pissed off. And he knew it wasn’t fair, he knew that. But fuck. He’d been miserable, he’d spent endless nights cataloging everything he’d done wrong, how he’d gotten him and Cas into that damn situation in the first place, and how Cas had just made his big speech, knowing he would be swallowed up by the Empty. No facing Dean after he said it, no having to deal with Dean’s pain after he was gone, with Dean’s guilt, with his understanding, with his realization—hell, he probably hadn’t even heard Dean’s prayers.
Two breaths.
It was a win. On some level, Dean knew that. On a logical level, maybe. The entire population of the world had been returned. Sam had Eileen. Charlie had Stevie. They were worried about Dean, of course. But they were also happy. They won.
“Dean, look at me,” I said firmly, waiting until he looked up to meet my eyes, and I could see the tears forming. See the tears leaving tracks on his cheeks. “It’s not him. I’m sorry, but it’s not. He’s not your Castiel.”
“—have to say anything. I understa—“
That was how Dean ended up in baby for the first time in over a month, Charlie riding shotgun and messing with the radio dials.
“I love him,” Dean choked out.
He opened his mouth, but closed it again a moment later. Fear—a fear that this wasn’t all real, that Cas would disappear if he spoke, if he breathed too loud—gripped him, despite Sam’s words, despite his smile, despite seeing Cas directly in front of him, standing on the porch of a home Dean couldn’t even take in the details of. It was all blurred, everything except Cas. He was the only thing in focus as Dean moved slowly at first, then more quickly until he was nearly running, stopping right in front of Cas.
Thirty compressions.
“I think I’m gonna make a salad.” She laughed, and he couldn’t help but join her as he stood, pulling her into a hug.
“Castiel in our world—he died, a few years ago,” I explained. I felt Dean flinch at my words, and squeezed his shoulder once more before pulling my hand back. The Other Dean and Castiel’s expressions softened in understanding. At least they were sympathetic to that.
“No, they’re not,” Cas answered. “They’re the wings of an Archangel.”
Two breaths.
At her instruction, he kept his injured foot propped up on the side of the tub, only gently cleaning around the stitches to avoid submerging it in water. Even he had to begrudgingly admit that he felt better when he emerged from the bathroom.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Charlie had snapped at him.
He was nothing if not careful. Nowadays, anyway. Since he had Samantha. He wouldn’t do anything that would hurt her, even if he knew he would end up hurting himself.
Which was why it was strange to hear his brother’s voice calling his name, and hurried footsteps in the hall outside. “Dean! Dean! Wait, no don’t—“ His voice broke off, and Dean turned to see his brother wince at the shatter of yet against bottle against the wall.
“If this plan works the way it should, I think I can make a deal with the Empty.”
Two breaths.
He distantly heard voices, and knew Jonathan was asking Eileen if he could call it in. He knew to always check now, as many hunters went under different aliases, or weren’t alive, legally speaking. Dean’s eyes remained trained on Claire.
“Yeah,” Dean said.
“And pretty sure you were the only one with a martyr complex,” Charlie added. “Sam, not so much. Your father might’ve—I didn’t know him.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean said quickly, squeezing Cas’s shoulder again, as if reminded himself that he was here, alive and in one piece.
Dean was on the tail end of a late night shift, riding shotgun in the ambulance while his partner, a younger guy with about a decade more experience named Jonathan, drove them back towards the hospital. Dean’s phone pinged with a new text and he pulled it out of his pocket.
“Leave me alone,” he repeated, venom returning to his voice.
“Not anytime soon, I hope,” Dean said. “It will be amazing when she gets here. When you get to meet her, when Sam gets to. But not anytime soon.”
Thirty compressions.
He left her in the kitchen, the bread he’d gotten out in a pitiful attempt to make a sandwich forgotten on the counter. He wasn’t hungry. He just needed away. He made it as far as the porch steps before he dropped to the ground, arms resting on his knees, eyes closed as he tried to take a few shaky breaths. He just needed to breathe. Away from Charlie, away from everything.
“Absolutely,” Charlie answered. She squeezed Stevie’s hand in hers, and Dean felt a smile pulling at his lips.
“Just the latest list of John and Jane Does Bobby sent over,” Sam answered. He closed the laptop and set it on the table. Dean popped the cap off his beer, already dreading whatever Sam was going to say. “You know it’s okay, right?” Sam’s voice was softer when he spoke again.
The mug in Dean’s hands slipped, hitting the floor with a resounding thud. “Shit, sorry,” he muttered quickly, already reaching for a dish towel. “No, Sachmo, don’t lick that,” he swatted at the six year old rescued lab who had decided that anything on the floor was his for the taking. He dropped the towel onto the puddle of coffee, mopping it up and dropping the towel into the sink to deal with later before he turned back to the two women. “Uh, sorry could you uh—You want me. To be the donor? Be the father of your child?”
I could see a sad kind of hope brighten in my brother’s eyes. That hurt more than anything else we’d witnessed. More than seeing a Castiel that wasn’t truly Castiel. More than learning that our world was ending. Because there was no hope of getting our old world back. But the Other Dean had just given my brother hope for Castiel, and it was ill-placed. He wasn’t our Castiel, and no matter how much Dean wished for it, he would never be.
“I didn’t say it to make you uncomfortable,” Cas cut him off. “I didn’t say it with any expectation of reciprocity, or a response at all. You don’t need to say anything.”
“It’s ben a while,” Dean finally choked out, laughing against Sam’s shoulder.
“Dean,” Sam repeated his name again, it almost sounding like a whine. Dean was tired of this already. He just wanted to lock himself in his room, and let everyone else enjoy their new perfect world. He was the only one suffering, apparently.
But if God could create and destroys worlds with barely a thought, then he must be able to bring Castiel back. The real Castiel. Dean’s Castiel. Before arriving in this other world, I never would’ve considered the possibility of taking on God. But the Other Sam and Dean seemed so determined, so convinced that they can kill God. Surely I can get a favor from him first.
“Pulse is weak, and she’s not breathing. Starting compressions,” Dean recited to him. He pressed one palm over the over on her chest, and started compressions.
“What can I say, the miracle of new life makes everything brighter,” Dean replied, easy smile on his lips. He let out a sigh, casting one more glance at the closed door before turning back to the pair. “Anyway, I should take off. Let you two settle in to being new parents.”
“About that,” Dean said. He shot a sideways glance at Cas, who had refused to meet his eye since the Empty took Billie. “We’re down one problem, but got another one to add in its place. Cas made a deal.”
“Good night, Dean.” The words, the scrape of the chair as Cas stood, snapped Dean back, his hand reaching out to grip the sleeve of Cas’s trench coat without conscious thought. Cas froze, blue eyes meeting his with some uncertainty, though no less warmth than they always held. Love, Dean knew now.
The Other Sam and Dean arrived back at the bunker with a few others in tow. The moment he walked through the door, I knew it was going to be nearly impossible to get Dean to let this go—to let him go. I turned to my brother, but he wasn’t looking at me. His eyes were wide, his mouth was hanging open just a fraction. I wasn’t even certain that he was breathing. I put a hand on his shoulder and he jumped, scared, awe-filled eyes turning to me for a second before he turned back to look at him.
“They’re fine,” Dean said, offering a warm smile.
Two breaths.
Or it would’ve affected him worse because he was an angel. Either way, locking Cas in the Malach box—that would be worse than what they were dealing with now. At least now he still had Cas in his life, by his side. Even if he couldn’t be honest with Cas, he was there.
Dean waited a beat, eyebrows raised before sighing. “I don’t care. Tell Bobby or whoever that I’m sick.”
Thirty compressions.
Dean: I’m in. How do we do this?
“A deal?” Sam asked before Dean could.
“Hell no,” he said immediately, eyes dropping to the crutches in her hands.
Dean never knew that silence could be painful. Sound, sound could be painful. It had been in Hell, before Cas pulled him out. The thought of it squeezed something painful and raw in his chest. But silence—silence wasn’t supposed to be painful. But this was. What was he supposed to say?
A small smile curled her lips and she walked towards him, sitting down on the steps beside him. He considered getting up, saying he didn’t want company, and going for a drive, but found that he didn’t mind her company much. Her presence didn’t require as much emotional investment as Charlie’s did. He loved Charlie, no question. But when he didn’t have much energy even for himself, he definitely didn’t have enough for her. Stevie though, he had just enough for her.
Except that they were, and it didn’t matter if or when he ever went back to the bunker. They wouldn’t be there. So Dean just kept driving, following Charlie’s instructions, for several hours until they pulled into a driveway sometime just before midnight.
When the twins were ten and Samantha was nine, was when things got harder. Within the span of the next five years, it was like losing everything, everyone, all over again.
The weeks that followed saw too many people coming by to visit. Every new face that came through the door, that gave him that relieved sort of smile, or familiar punch on the arm, felt at the same time surprising and expected. Some part of him knew that he had people. That there were other hunters, other people that worried about him. Another part of him was angry at them for not being there on that hunt, for not being there to help him save Sam. Not that Dean had been or ever would’ve asked them for help with a damn vamp nest.
Dean huffed a short laugh, shaking his head as he looked down at the porch, eyes tracing the wood grain in the step under his feet as her words twisted around his mind. He felt her squeeze his hand once more and he loosened his grip so she could pull away.
me, and then die. You can’t just—What the hell, man?”
Dean didn’t know what he was supposed to say. He hadn’t expected any of this, and hadn’t even thought about how he was going to tell Sam, much less how Sam would respond. So he didn’t say anything, he just reached up, wrapping his arms around his brother in a tight hug. Sam had that bright, stupid smile on his face when he pulled away, drawing an involuntary smile from Dean as well, even as he shoved Sam’s shoulder before turning to leave. “Thanks, Sammy,” he said, mostly because he knew he should, and if he didn’t say it now, he wasn’t going to.
In a moment of true happiness. The Empty would take him.
“But he’s—he’s right there. He’s just—he’s alive, Sam. He’s alive in there.” Dean’s voice from frantic, panicked in a way I hadn’t hard in a long time. He was shaking, I could see even in the shadows of the darkness. I reached out for his shoulders and turned him to face me.
Stevie’s voice broke through. Sammy was on her way. Hold on, she told him. He held on as long as he could. He held on until he saw his daughter’s face.
“It’s okay,” Cas said again. “You kept me here, with you. And we’re free—really, truly free now.” Then Cas’s lips were on his again, and maybe Cas was right. They were free, and more than that, they were free to be happy. That wasn’t a freedom Dean was every certain he’d be able to afford, but with Cas pressed against him, a strong and constant presence, he entertained the thought for the first time that maybe he could.
If Sam noticed that Dean held on to Cas a little too long, he had the decency not to mention it. Once Dean felt like he could breathe again, he pulled back. The smile that stretched across his face pulled at muscles sorely used over the last few weeks.
“She’s brilliant, and a pure, beautiful soul,” Cas said. Dean didn’t ask how he knew that, but he knew it was true. “I look forward to meeting her.”
Charlie put a finger to her lips, waving for Dean to move out of the room as she and Stevie left the boys, and joined him in the hallway.
Thirty compressions.
“Why’re you so damned determined not to let me?” Charlie asked.
“It’s nothing, it can wait,” Sam said quickly.
“They loved you,” Charlie said, and that felt like the worst thing she could’ve said. They did. And it was what got Cas killed. And Sam—hell, Sam wouldn’t even be hunting at all if it wasn’t for Dean. He should have a win and kids and a white picket fence. A real apple pie life. So yeah, his brother loving him had gotten that dork killed too.
And he will do so alone.
It was an addiction, getting everything he wanted and then some more. So as soon as he realized he
And so, that night, Castiel sneaks out of the house. He has to make his way down the long path slowly, keeping his breathing in check with every step but in the end, he finds himself at the second set of gates with Gabriel already waiting for him.
. He hadn’t even thought about that. No job means no income, and no income means no greens for the beans. Just imagining the conversation he’d need to have with Mr. Winchester to address this issue not only left him feeling clammy and uneasy, it also immediately sent a new wave of humiliation down his very bones. A feeling he’d grown quite close with at a rapid rate.
Song for this chapter: Miracle by The Score
“Jesus! Go away. Shoo!” But that damned dog wasn’t going anywhere, especially not now that there was food on the table and for every inch Cas moved his body away in terror, Teddy took that as a sign to get even closer until his wet nose was right there on the table.
Playlist so far:
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well how about you start explaining why you were stupid enough to hide such an injury from me in the first place? If you'd have-“
Sure enough, when Paula reappears not even a full two minutes later, she’s followed by an older gentleman wearing what Cas assumes is yet another one of those four digit suits, the only thing giving away the man’s profession being the stethoscope around his neck.
* Chapter 07 : What he wrote - L. Marling
Oh, he’d tried
(See the end of the chapter for
So it spread, slowly, until coating Castiel’s bare feet as they were dragged over the concrete once more. They say people would step in blood to obtain a Louboutin walk, red rolling out the carpet in front while leaving an equally dark trail behind, forever following you around as strangers admire the luxury and compliment the color.
Crossing that line however, had never happened to him before. His toy lay broken in front  him, possibly beyond repair, 'so what now?' he wonders. And the weird things is, Dean actually feels
Song for this chapter: You can run - Adam Jones
“Dog. Dog bit me.”
“Then what do you want?!”
That day had been one of them, at Winchester International Co., nonetheless;
And that’s the day Cassius Milton died.
* Chapter 05 : Satisfied - Reignwolf
“Yes, please.”
He then quickly adds that Castiel will be back soon, three weeks and counting of being absent from the company was becoming suspicious, even if you’re the CEO’s partner in both corporation and marriage.
* Chapter 14 : Far from home - Sam Tinnesz
Staring down an armed, glorified doorman apparently wasn’t the best tactic but it was all he could come up with when words obviously fell short and weren’t getting him any closer to the office his presence was supposed to be requested at.
* Chapter 09 : Miracle - The Score
(See the end of the chapter for
* Chapter 05 : Satisfied - Reignwolf
* Chapter 11 : Calm after the storm - Common Linnets
* Chapter 02 : Broken bones - Kaleo
This time, Castiel cocks the gun and nearly snaps out of his trance-like fright by how much louder it sounds now that it’s produced by his very own fingers. There’s purpose, no destination though a clear trajectory. It --no,
But Dean doesn’t spare him another second of attention after that, simply turns towards Sam again and very calmly says “Mr. Wesson. It appears that you once again don’t have your employee under control. I feel personally attacked by him and it doesn’t seem like he’s willing to accept my deal. I was trying to be reasonable here, Mr. Wesson.”
“Promise. But for real now, I’m not supposed to be on the phone this long, I should be in bed.”
He’s just completely taken aback by how sweet this woman is being with him. It’s quite unsettling unfortunately though. How was he to trust anyone working for Mr. Winchester? Would that man really go as far to get such a kind lady committing crimes? Or was Paula kept in the dark about what went on behind closed doors?
He doesn’t know how long he falls asleep for after that draining conversation yet when he wakes up again, phone still resting in his hand, he feels oddly relaxed. Numb would be a better word perhaps but regardless of what he decides not to call it, Castiel manages to drag his shaking legs to the bathroom before finally succumbing to the gnawing emptiness in his stomach and shuffling down to the kitchen where he makes himself a simple sandwich. Coffee is out of the question, so is tea.
He hangs up.
* Chapter 21 : Corbeau blanc - Julien Doré
“Holy shit!” His brother suddenly whisper-yells as he nods over Castiel’s shoulder. “That’s him, right? Hot damn, he’s even better in real life. Okay, I’ll admit: I’m a little bit jealous.”
Cas winks at the boy next to him when he catches the stares, secretly liking how this person looks at him as if he’s the most delicious thing in the world, it makes him feel wanted and
* Chapter 13 : Keeping me alive - Jonathan Roy
Before Castiel can even realize his mistake, taking back what he’d just said to save his own ass, his boss’s rough hands shove him against the elevator’s wall just a tad bit harder than strictly necessary which only adds to the severity of the threat that follows: “Don’t you dare fuck this up for us. I
* Chapter 21 : Corbeau blanc - Julien Doré
* Chapter 14 : Far from home - Sam Tinnesz
“We lay low.” Dean says upon returning. “Right now, they probably think I’m dead. But we can’t presume they won’t be looking for any of my men, or for me still. And we definitely can’t just waltz back onto the streets without us being spotted and this whole plan going to shit within the span of a few hours. Even you should understand that.”
Dean can’t stop grinning as he slowly sips from his glass. He’d pulled out the expensive bottle of Scotch he’d been saving for a special occasion but this was a time for celebration, right? Just one week his life had slipped past his control, making him thoroughly agitated and furious about it. No one held a grip over Dean Winchester except Dean Winchester himself.
Castiel waves the probing fingers away from his face and shakes his head when asked if it was Mr. Winchester’s pet who did that. “No, just some dog” he lies, no breaths left for further explanations.
“All good?”
“Ketch should have known better! He hurt you and he-“
And just like that, whatever had happened between them the previous night no longer existed.
* Chapter 06 : Horns - Bryce Fox
* Chapter 12 : Run in the rain - Tom Grennan
* Chapter 02 : Broken bones - Kaleo
, time I’ve ever seen him cry. It wasn’t a father abandoning his child, it was a father trying to save his son.”
“Don’t look so hurt, dude.” Comes the snide remark upon the man entering the room again. “I’ll let you join next time.”
. Little figments of affection hidden deep inside.
He truly can’t. His body just stops.
forget your place again. Understood?"
“Doing much better already, thanks.”
Faces, façades, nothing more than fonds specifically designed to hide the one truth Castiel uncovered right then and there, as degrading green eyes looked down on him while Mr. Winchester bluntly stated a ‘pretty piece of ass’ like Mr. Novak couldn’t have possibly gained a spot in that room by being ‘smart’, if you know what I mean.
* Chapter 17 : You can run - Adam Jones
“Mr. Winchester is fine!” Benny screams back as he once again ushers them to keep moving. “I’ll explain later but right now we have to leave!” It goes without saying Cas is utterly dumbfounded by what he just heard, the tears in his eyes now suddenly feeling out of place yet at the same time, not enough. He has about a million questions, wants nothing more than to demand answers,  but as predicted, the car ride is silent and awkward with nothing but a roaring engine between them.
“Here.”
“Y-yeah? Yes, yes, I guess.”
, he hadn’t thought about this part, home-made plain sandwiches forgotten at the office. Apparently, stammering out an incomprehensible answer does not satisfy the world’s nastiest dick but hey, what’s new? “Jesus Christ, you can’t even talk properly. Is there anything you
Men like Dean, perfectly content with compulsive lying, manipulation and abuse, were highly unpredictable and capable of pretty much anything. Why would you worry when you possess enough power and wealth to make nearly any problem go away without as much as having to break a sweat?
he be to Cas now?
“It’s not,” Dean muttered, eyes dropping. He distantly heard Sam’s whispered tone and two pairs of retreating footsteps. “What I said—I’m so sorry, Cas.”
Watched the Other Dean look from my brother to the hallway and back again. As. Climbed the stairs behind Dena, I thought that was it.
“A what?” Dean asked weakly. His fingers slipped from Cas’s jacket sleeve. He didn’t mean to fall back another step when Cas took a step towards him. He really didn’t. The way Cas’s smile slipped, and he retreated a few steps felt like it shattered something in Dean. He opened his mouth, but closed it again. What was he supposed to say? Cas was an Archangel. Dean was a corrupt and scarred human. Who was he—who
Numb. He just needed to feel numb. He needed to feel nothing.
“Lucky guess.” He turned and pulled Cas closer, kissing his Archangel to the sound of Heat of the Moment.
A year later, Garth was next. He didn’t go out on hunts much anymore, usually looking up lore and fielding phone calls, running point from a command center style office in his basement. But one demon had found him, one he’d been working with a couple hunters to track down for months. She found him first. It was a few hours of unanswered calls from half a dozen hunters before Kaia went to check on him and found him dead in the basement.
Eileen: Bad hunt. Come now
“And you’re coming with me,” Charlie added.
Sam looked more confused than ever. “Wait, this has been a deal since Jack came back? You haven’t been happy at all since then?”
When they broke apart, Dean didn’t pull far away, just far enough that he could look into the bright blue eyes staring back at him.
“So what’re you going to do now, Dean?” Stevie asked. It didn’t sound like the challenge that her story would imply it should be. He said the first thing that came to his mind.
“I will be,” Dean promised. “Just, not right now. I need to get some sleep anyway. I’m on the early shift tomorrow.”
“Do you think they’re okay? I should stay in there with them,” Stevie started, before Dean wrapped his fingers around her wrist.
“It’s done,” Jack answered.
Meeting Stevie didn’t feel like the kind of joyous occasion it should’ve been. Dean was mostly just tired, Stevie was kind and understanding, but in a different way than Charlie. Charlie was kind and understanding in a tough love kind of way. Stevie was just kind. She offered Dean water, asked if he wanted to eat, instead of Charlie’s habit of taking the decision away from him and just shoving food in his face. He liked Stevie’s version of helping, but he knew how to respond better to Charlie’s. It was a weird kind of limbo.
“Cas, I—“
The Other Sam and Dean, the ones of this world though—they seem to just go. Not necessarily with a direction or a plan. They just go. It sounds too much like everything can go wrong at a moment’s notice. But then, it seems some things go right too. Or at least, more right than they did for Dean and I.
* Chapter 05 : Satisfied - Reignwolf
When he lifts up the expensive button up Mr. Winchester had provided him with, Castiel finds his hands –actually, his entire body- trembling violently as a throbbing pain grips all the way from his throat down to his groin. He should go to the hospital, or at least see an emergency doctor but that couldn’t be prioritized right now, not even the cuts in his feet from where he’d stepped in the broken shards seemed able of sufficiently catching his attention, adrenaline overpowering.
Their little conversation is cut short when a reporter shoves her way through the countless of guests all huddling as closely as possible and nearly pushes her tape recorder in Dean’s face as she tries to counter by politely asking him if she might ask him a few questions.
“Cas-“ Gabriel whispers, his excited shatter coming to a shrieking halt just in time to notice his brother’s genuine distress. He takes Castiel’s hand gently. “Cas, does he hurt you? For real? Because if so; you can tell me, you
She falls silent, unable to finish.
“Nothing? Come on, Novak, you’ve gotta like
“Did I wake you?” Gabriel asks, way too enthusiastically and way too close to the phone.
Castiel is boiling with anger. It has him panting through struggling breaths, sweat dripping down his neck, leaving cold tracks in their wake but he doesn’t care. The surfacing weakness in green eyes does nothing to calm him down when they avert themselves for only a short moment of rethinking before snapping back into their respectful place: looking down on him.
* Chapter 10 : Bloody city - Sam Tinnesz
"Could have walked away instead."
He stopped trying to understand Dean a long time ago because frankly, there was no use in pondering over what evoked a certain reaction or why exactly Dean acted the way he did, that Castiel knew by now.
* Chapter 20 : Light up - Isak Danielson
“Please don’t get offended, Cassie, it’s just- you don’t seem all that happy.”
“Sir, he’s been asking about..
* Chapter 20 : Light up - Isak Danielson
“he said it was going to be alright but he’s not even here, is he? That fucking lying piece of shit!”
“No wonder I turned out like this with such a wild big brother setting the example.”
Both luring him in and then keeping him hooked with bittersweet promises that should have sounded too good to be true from the get-go but are so deeply coated with persuasion that they leave users craving a next high before the needle has even made its exit. He was intoxicated well before taking the first sip of a drink he didn’t even know was spiked.
Castiel was exhausted. And hungry. But mostly exhausted.
More than once in his life had he been called a ‘control freak’. Where it used to sting, it now only fuels his competitive side even more, because why should he care when he’s the one currently sipping from a nearly two thousand dollar bottle of Mortlach in his four million dollar villa?
It wasn’t impulsive either, Castiel had been craving
* Chapter 03 : Monsters - Ruelle (acoust.)
“I don’t- I’m not allowed to drink.”
“So, why are you calling, Gabe?”
It wasn’t necessarily a lie, though it was a huge understatement. Castiel wasn’t just ‘sick’, he had been in a miserable state when he left that hospital without looking back but right now his condition was downright questionable.
Castiel doesn’t believe what he’s hearing. “He hit you.”
“Am I wrong?!”
The officers both carry serious, stark expressions. It makes him squirm. They act as if they’re about to tell a six year old their goldfish died. Wait.
"You keep tearing me apart, would you please have mercy?"
“There’s a contract involved.”
He can’t- he can’t breathe. The room feels too small, the air feels too thick. The air
Castiel pulls the trigger.
“Should have thought about that sooner.”
“Well, Mr. Ketch, your beef with the Dominicans ain’t my problem, just keep your business up in Five Points next time, huh? But-“
It's just that it's delicate
* Chapter 06 : Horns - Bryce Fox
“Tomorrow, 8 a.m.
“Yes, of course! Is something the matter? You’re kinda freaking me out.”
* Chapter 08 : Mercy - S.Mendes (acoust.)
* Chapter 11 : Calm after the storm - Common Linnets
That had been
Lobster, Caviar, truffles, gold plated hipster bullshit, you name it. And of course, all of it is washed down with wine that even
"The air is cold, the night is long."
“Dogo Argentino,” Mr. Winchester says proudly, as if that alone was an explanation, “ninety-five pounds of pure muscles.”  Honestly, Castiel doesn’t care. He just knows that one: he’s terrified of the thing and two: he doesn’t ever want to be alone with it in a room.
It doesn’t take Cas a moment of hesitation today, he simply lays back down, listening to the low rumble of Dean’s voice when the man speaks up again.
* Chapter 17 : You can run - Adam Jones
“I’d watch your back, Winchester” Mick had said before spitting in his face, “there’s a war coming.”
But the night had merely started for him, alcohol buzzing only spurring him on in the pursuit of
For most however, that was but a dream. Never would they belong to that 1% that actually made it and they knew, leaving no option but to pick the crumbs off the ground like a pack of hungry dogs and having to be satisfied with what they’d been given. To some, actually seeing the man in real life was just that.
He hears chuckling behind him. Great, another person making fun of him, though the mean comments never come. She simply walks over to the fridge and rummages through it before approaching them and actually winking at Cas. “He just wants something, too. Here, look.”
“Will you let me speak?!” Castiel snaps. Surprisingly, Dean does. “Neighbors got concerned because they hadn’t seen me in a long while and I wasn’t answering so they called the cops. End of story.”
Playlist so far:
Song for this chapter: 'corbeau blanc' by Julien Doré.
* Chapter 06 : Horns - Bryce Fox
“I said you’re not special. It’s not because your boss was contracted by my legal team that you suddenly get any individual treatment or something because, well, I don’t care. You’re just another person who’s name I’ll never remember while mine will be up on the billboards again soon enough. So, like I said: don’t you have something better to do than waste my time here?”
So Castiel steps off the ledge. “Isn’t that why you’re here?” he asks, already knowing the answer, “to fuck me? Just do it already! I won’t fight.”
* Chapter 03 : Monsters - Ruelle (acoust.)
Castiel feels like crying the entire time, only, it’d been made exceptionally clear that if he were to mess this up in any way, the consequences weren’t going to be pretty at all. Going public with their ‘engagement’ had one advantage however: it meant that for the time being, Dean had to keep him around because otherwise it’d raise some questions not even Mr. Smooth-talker could justify.
“I know it’s none of my business, but this life -the fame, the fortune- it’s not easy. Being married to someone like Winchester… I’m sure it’s not all as glamorous as many think it to be. I mean, we’ve been there, in the spotlights and-“
The only reason Cas ends up jerking himself off is because he can’t exactly return to their guests with a boner straining in already tight suit pants. When he does enter the lobby again, Dean is nowhere to be found so the search for Gabriel begins again. Just as Mr. Winchester had said: Cas finds his brother surrounded by a group of young women who appear perfectly entertained, until he interrupts them, of course.
* Chapter 05 : Satisfied - Reignwolf
“Don’t you get it?” Dean pleads. “
To keep me calm when I can't breathe"
For the first time, a verbal outburst from Dean had actually been welcome, anything to have the man at least acknowledge the fact something happened between them that night that was more than a spur of the moment, lust induced, craving kind of connection.
It’s dripping with sugariness when he shushes her. “No, no, no, sweetheart, it’s alright!” He even goes as far to slide one of his hands up and over her chest until it rests right below her jaw, tilting her head towards him a bit. “Mr. Novak is okay with this.” Dean keeps his eyes trained on Castiel, their Jade-like colour demanding to be looked at as he pushes his tongue back in the woman’s mouth and starts kissing her obscenely, dirty moans included, until they’re both gasping for air again.
* Chapter 12 : Run in the rain - Tom Grennan
Castiel tries, tries so hard to yell and fight and just do
When he’s finally able to concentrate again after his stand-off with a literal Hell Hound, Castiel takes his time to really look at Mr. Winchester’s mansion for the first time. It’s exactly how he’d imagined it: immense, spotless, modern and dripping in wealth, not even appearing as if someone actually
.” Dean purrs into his ear mockingly.
Castiel is awakened by what he swears could be a lingering kiss on his lips but when he opens his eyes, he’s on the couch, alone. There’s no sight of Mr. Winchester in the room, there isn’t even a trace that he’d been in there last night at all.
“Stay, please,” he said quietly. His thumb traced a line along Cas’s cheekbone, feeling the way the muscles moved under his skin when Cas smiled up at him.
“Yes, how did you know?”
Sorry this chapter was kinda rough, I know. Ugh, I love Claire. That physically hurt me to write. But y'all can guess what's coming in the next chapter!!! ;)
Lately, Sam left Dean to his own devices. Probably believing he’d come around eventually. It was a naive thought, but it suited Dean’s needs, so he didn’t correct it. Sam only ever bothered him to make sure he ate a meal on occasion, and drank some water along with the beer. Otherwise, he left Dean alone and stayed buried in books that didn’t hold any answers.
“Yeah, so our feathery friend here is destined to be miserable for the rest of his life, or be taken by the Empty,” Dean summarized.
“Come on, Claire. Come on, stay with me.”
“No, it won’t be soon,” Cas answered. “Not by earth’s standards. Time moves differently up here. Eternity is…. A strange thing. Come inside, see our new heavenly home.”
The words unspoken between them—those were heavier, but still his alone to carry.
“Why on earth would you want me, my DNA, to give you a child? The Winchester DNA is not exactly batting a hundred. We’re all fuck ups with martyr complexes and a penchant for dying too young.”
Two breaths.
“I’m fine,” Dean said automatically.
It was a stroke of all things. As he heard the doctors and nurses in the ER speaking over him, unable to move the right side of his body or make his voice work, he heard his brother’s voice in his head, chiding him for all the greasy burgers he ate. Jody’s words overlapped Sam’s. A hunter no monster could kill. He’d have to ask her if she thought he qualified. He’d been killed by monsters before. It just hadn’t stuck. No, it would be a stroke that did it. How stupid was that?
“Jack’s back,” Sam said. Now Dean could see the smile on Sam’s face, the brightness in his eyes. Dean wanted to punch him.
“I know,” she said. Her voice sounded different, uncertain. Like she was still trying to convince herself. “And what happened to Sam and Cas, that wasn’t your fault either.”
“What?” For the first time since the day Cas was taken, when he’d had to tell Sam that Cas was gone, he heard his own voice break.
Thirty compressions.
If he hadn’t been accustomed to blood, either from his previous life as a hunter or as an EMT, he would’ve been more freaked out being in the delivery room. As it was, he still nearly passed out just from the nerves and sheer panic alone. It was all more than worth it when the nurse gingerly placed the newborn baby girl in his arms for the first time.
“It’s nothing, really,” Sam insisted, but his laptop was open and perched on his arm. Dean looked at it instead of his brother, nodding towards it.
He prayed to Cas for the first time that night, if curses and apologies could be called prayer. He broke nearly fifteen years of sobriety. If anyone could blame him for that, they could go straight to hell for all he cared.
Cas’s head shot up, eyes burning a hole in the side of Dean’s head. “The deal is unimportant,” he said. “The terms of the deal will never be met, so it will never be an issue.” Dean didn’t dare look at Cas. He didn’t want Cas to see anything in his eyes. To have hope. To know—Dean had to keep far away from there, at least until the deal was broken.
“Me? Loving me? That’s your true happiness? Are you out of your frickin mind?”
“You’ll change your mind after the third or fourth night straight of no sleep,” Jody said, earning laughs from the rest of the room. Dean’s eyes were drawn to Jacob, the green onesie he wore was one Dean had picked out, and it reminded him of one Sam had worn when he was a baby.
“I don’t want it,” Dean snapped. “Sam wanted it. Sam should have a normal life. He should be here. I should’ve died in that fucking barn—Not him!”
“Alright, but don’t yell for me when you fall on that foot and bust your stitches open,” Charlie said in far too cheery of a voice. “I’m not picking your bleeding, naked body up off the floor, so good luck.”
Dean tossed the college ad in the trash again. “You’re not subtle,” he told her when she came into the kitchen a few minutes later.
It could’ve been worse. Dean made sure it wasn’t. He put his keys on top of the upper cabinets in the kitchen because he knew when he was drunk, he wouldn’t be coordinated enough to reach them. He texted Stevie to come by in the morning. He didn’t open the bottle until Samantha was safely asleep in bed, and then stayed in his room. It could’ve been worse.
“I wish Sam was here to meet her,” Eileen said when Dean set the newborn carefully in her arms.
“Dean,” Cas’s voice was weak, quiet. The smile finally fell from his lips. The Empty reached out, two tendrils shooting past Dean. One engulfed Billie. The other reached for Cas. Dean’s hand shot out at the same time Cas reached to shove him out of the way.
Dean shouldn’t have asked.
Thirty compressions.
Correction: Dean had lied.
“Yeah, no problem. Sorry,” the Other Dean agreed easily enough. I knew my brother would give me a lecture on it later, but that was fine. I was looking out for him.
Dean squeezed her hand, eyes set on the scar down her forearm where he’d stitched a deep gash after a hunt. It had been nearly a year before, Dean had rushed to Garth’s house after Jody got off a hunt, bleeding and nearly passed out from the blood loss. Days like that, he felt like he had a purpose. Days like this, he wished he did.
He wasn’t sure if Sam said anything else. It sounded like an ocean roaring in his ears as he pushed past Sam, his legs carrying him at a sprint through the bunker. It belated occurred to him that he should’ve asked Sam where Jack and Cas were, but he stopped dead when his feet reached the entryway.
“That’s incredible,” Dean said. He forced a smile, and tried to put as much pride and happiness into his tone as he could. Judging by Cas’s face, he didn’t accomplish it. He should be happy for Cas, he knew that. But all he could feel was loss. He hadn’t ever let himself even consider what he would say to Cas if he saw him again, if he ever had a chance to respond to the words the angel had said to him before the Empty took him. He’d been afraid to, and convinced himself it didn’t matter because he’d never get the chance to anyway.
won. Dean didn’t. Dean felt like screaming at the world. They got to go on as if nothing had changed. As if everyone was safe and alive, but not everyone was. Cas wasn’t.
“No more deal.” Dean could barely hear Jack’s words over the sound of his heart pounding in his ears. His determined stare never left Cas as he walked past Sam and Jack. The angel didn’t look happy about the news, or in any way like he cared at all.
Cas’s smile widened a little as Dean approached, and Dean found his lips pulling up to match it.
“You’re alive,” Dean said, his voice muffled against the shoulder of Cas’s trench coat.
“You can on the crutches. Besides, you need a bath. You smell like a frat house. One of the shitty frats houses full of misogynistic assholes that haze freshman by getting them blackout drunk and punching them til they puke their guts out.”
“I’m sorry. I tried. Fuck. Cas, I tried. I tried. I’m sorry,” he muttered, barely intelligible through tears and drunken slurred words.
“Sure, why not,” Dean conceded immediately. It made Charlie happy, and she was keeping him company on a difficult day.
“Michael,” a voice said from the other side of the porch. Dean turned a confused look towards Stevie.
When she and the twins got older, Dean would tell them stories of Sam, and of Cas. He would listen to Stevie tell stories of her old hunting partner, Michael, and Charlie would tell them stories of her late father, Jacob. It was odd family from the outside looking in, Dean knew that. But it was theirs, and it was nearly perfect. His eyes drifted back to the frames, lingering on Sam and Eileen for a moment, then a few moments longer on himself and Cas. Nearly perfect.
The words sounded strange, like they didn’t make sense together. The words all had distinct meanings, and Dean understood those, but put together in that way—It sounded almost like static.
“No idea what you’re talking about,” Dean responded. “I’ll help you go through the list tomorrow, alright? I’m tired, I think I’m just gonna—“
“Hey,” the Other Dean called out, stopping us both halfway up the stairs. When I looked back at him again, he looked like he was still uncertain, but also like he’d figured something out. Or perhaps like he’d discovered a missing puzzle piece, only to figure out that it didn’t fit in the puzzle he was currently working on, and was trying to figure out what to do with it. I expected he’d figured out that Dean and Castiel in our world hadn’t been friends. I expected him to ask, to make certain of his mental discovery, but he didn’t. “Take care, guys,” was all he said.
The welcome home party for Samantha Mary Winchester was everything Dean had come to expect from his family. Every hunter he knew in the area was there, and a few that had gone out of their way on drives to or from a hunt to make it there for a few hours. He was most grateful to see Eileen there, if he was being honest.
Thirty compressions.
“Dean?” Sam’s voice called out behind him.
“She’ll find her way here eventually,” Cas assured him.
“Later. Way later,” Stevie said, bright smile on her lips as she looked down at Michael. Dean could only tell them apart by the green and yellow onesies they were wearing. Charlie had sworn they would never be the kind of parents that put their twins in the exact same outfits. “I don’t know I could bear to be apart from them for a minute right now.”
“No, Dean, wait,” Sam hurried, stepping to block Dean’s path, though he didn’t touch him again. Sam’s hands were held up in front of Dean to stop him, but he didn’t reach out to try and grab his arm again. “He didn’t come back alone.”
“Dean, stop. I’m sorry, but—“
He dried his face with the hand towel and went back out to the kitchen with Charlie and Stevie. He was only a little surprised to find everyone gathered. Garth, Jody, Julie, Eileen, even Claire and Kaia were there. No one asked why the lunch they’d all gathered together for was peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and pork rinds, followed by chocolate chip cookies. Dean suspected Charlie had filled everyone in anyway.
“Did Jack pull Gabriel out of the Empty, by any chance?” Dean asked.
If he said a silent prayer to Jack, asking to not wake up, that was between him and his pseudo-son-turned-God.
“Don’t be sorry,” Sam said. Dean dragged his eyes back up to meet Sam’s, to se a warm smile on his face. Dean was unwilling to move, so Sam did, walking towards him and reaching out to squeeze Dean’s shoulder. “Just be happy. Let yourself be happy, for once. Everything’s ok. There’s no overarching evil, no Chuck, no Amara. Hell, I haven’t seen even the inkling of any kind of demon activity since everything was set back. It’s ok. The world is ok, and you and Cas—That’s ok too.”
Dean licked his lips, and tried not to notice the way Cas’s eyes dropped a fraction to follow the movement. Dean opened his mouth, tried to form any kind of coherent thought. An apology, a confession, anything.
“No way,” Charlie said, stalking away. Dean tried to move, but a sharp pain emanated from his foot before he could even set it on the floor. He had to use both hands to gingerly lift his leg back up to the chair again. Tears pricked at the back of his eyes, and he took a few shaky breaths through the pain. The glass had gone deeper than he’d originally thought.
“No. I overheard.” She nodded back towards the window beside the front door. “Window’s open.” She reached out, squeezing one of his hands in hers. “No hunter alive is a stranger to survivor’s guilt. You’ve got a lot of people to help you through it.”
“Fuck, Sam. I wish you were here,” Dean muttered to himself. It almost felt like a prayer, but he still didn’t say Cas’s name. Some small part of him worried that Cas could hear him, and he wasn’t sure what he was supposed to say if he could. “I don’t know how to do this, man. You’re better at this. The whole apple-pie life thing. I can’t do this. I don’t—I don’t know how. Damnit. I was finally—I was finally okay with this, I think. With you being gone, with Cas—“ he broke off, dropping his head, chin to his chest as he let out a shaky breath. “But this, man. I don’t know.”
“Would you tell him we’d prefer if he didn’t?” I asked before Dean had a chance to speak. I could see the shocked look of betrayal on his face out of the corner of my eye, but I only stared straight at the Other Dean, his eyebrows knit together in confusion. “It was difficult, you understand, to let go of our friend and grieve his death. We’ve only just found peace with it in the last year or so. I don’t believe having a different version of him around would do anyone any good.”
“Yeah, you did,” Charlie said. “What about all that stuff you told me about family not ending in blood? What about me? What about Jody and Garth? What about Claire? We’re your family too, and we’re worried about you. Sam and Cas wouldn’t want—“
“Yeah, I’ve—I’ve heard crazier,” she said, though her voice betrayed her words. A smile pulled at Dean’s lips.
“Then I’m happy for you,” he said. “Have you decided how? Are you going to foster, or adopt, or go to one of those anonymous sperm donor places?”
“Dean,” Cas’s voice was softer, almost wistful this time when he spoke, a small, almost disbelieving smile pulling at his lips. Dean didn’t move, didn’t say anything, afraid of screwing up again. It seemed to be the only thing he was good at, apparently. But Cas only reached out, taking one of Dean’s hands in his own, and pulling it forward to press flat against as his chest as he closer the distance between them again.
Except that when Dean felt numb, that was when he felt the most. He felt anger, he felt betrayal. He felt tears burning his eyes and took another swig of whiskey until his throat burned more. He felt a tugging pain in his chest. He felt the strange mixture of trust and abandonment when he’d watched Jack walk away. He felt the pain of failure that had gripped him when he watched the light leave his brother’s eyes, felt his body go limp. He felt…whatever he’d seen in Cas’s eyes when he’d told Dean—He took a longer pull from the bottle and laid on the unforgiving concrete floor.
“So he’s not here?”
“Oh, I know. I know they’re watching us. Not here, this place doesn’t even officially exist, but out there? Hell, yeah. They’ve got people on every corner.”
“Yes, obviously.”
But who cares, right? Who cares about this false sense of impending doom when it has been creeping up onto the very person carrying its early beginnings? Mr. Winchester suspected shooting Ketch would come with sufficient consequences, expected it even, yet there’s something more in the water, something that tastes of blood and reeks of war, and it is already seeping into his Armani shoes.
“Is there a problem?” He asks when he receives no answer. It’s not a question, it’s a warning.
“Oh, sweetheart.” The gentle words immediately wrap around him and console him in the strangest way. Castiel just feels so small and vulnerable as tears roll down the stitches in his cheek, he feels like a teenager again who wanted nothing more than some encouragement, a warm hug.
“Alright,” he announces firmly, clapping his hands just once which immediately makes the entire room go quiet, “let’s do this.” Dean Winchester is a captivating man, not only intriguing his ten best business partners currently before him, but even making people outside in the hallways stop and stare for a second as they just bask in his distant presence as if he was Jesus himself.
to make Novak’s life miserable for what the guy had done, Dean was dead set on achieving just that. A few phone calls and one night of sending three men out into the dark later and he had everything he needed to make sure the little saboteur was going to pay for mistakes made.
* Chapter 05 : Satisfied - Reignwolf
The rest of the morning creeps by so incredibly slow that Castiel is convinced he’s going to lose his mind. At least the coffee run allowed him to stretch his legs and
“Sir, Mr. Winchester has informed me he’d like you to be brought home. He’ll be late tonight.”
“I know, I know. That was silly of me.”
And God forbid, Castiel wants to be taken care of. If only just for tonight. So he swallows thickly as he closes his eyes and gets lost in how good it feels to have warmth surrounding him. He moans, oh he moans so delicately when Dean’s hand becomes a little bit tighter, faster, slicker.
“Yeah, I understand.” His brother says softly. “Get some rest and call me when you get out of this place, okay? I’ll come pick you up. I know I’m not a hot nurse or something but I can take care of you all the same.”
The loud ringtone at three in the morning caught him so by surprise the mug slips from his hands and shatters on the ground between his bare feet, boiling hot water clinging to thin fabric clad over his chest and dripping all the way down his instantly agonizing skin below. “Fuck! Ah, f-fuck that hurts!”
It takes a while, but Castiel slowly settles into the soothing touches running up and down his back, up and down, up and- he only opens his again when Melissa pats the back of his thigh, “you can turn over now, sir”.
. So Cas does the only logical thing; he sits down on the floor (read: falls), gets comfortable with his back against the wall and snorts line after line, his brain no longer clear enough to tell him to stop, the drugs tearing him apart one gram at a time.
(See the end of the chapter for
* Chapter 08 : Mercy - S.Mendes (acoust.)
“Well, duh! Being rich and famous doesn’t come without a price now, does it?”
“Make sure we’re not followed,” Dean huffs in blind rage, “and hurry up, will you?”
But Mr. Winchester’s voice is cold when he speaks up again. “The guard I sent with you to the hospital called me to say you were talking to one of the nurses, you seemed hesitant. What did you tell her, Cassie?” Shit, he didn’t tell her anything! He wanted to, yearned to just scream for help but he knew he couldn’t. “Nothing, nothing, I swear! I only asked for different painkillers because the ones- the ones she gave me, they- they- fuck!”
"We might make out when nobody's there
The attention deprived, gossip hungry snobs eat it right up. From the moment Castiel is guided towards the stage up until the point where Dean politely closes the event for the night, the cameras never stop clicking, wishes keep flooding in and comments on how good and
“Have a seat” he says, voice stern. Skipping right past the formalities then. “So, Mr. Wesson, your employee here caused quite the uproar with his unacceptable behaviour.” Smug, little shit. “Y-yes, yes, I do apologize profusely, Mr. Winchester. I hope you can find it in your good heart to forgive this act of unprofessionalism by Mr. Novak.”
They sleep in separate rooms that night. Not exactly the honeymoon Castiel had hoped for but in hindsight, he’s awfully grateful for their distance and is glad for the peace, that is, if you ignore the men posted at his door. At least this way he’s got time to think and it’s not like any aspect of their relationship was normal anyway.
Castiel’s defenses were weak from the get-go, he knew that, but he’ll forever be set on not going down without a fight, so even as they’re walking to the front door, angry glares with hushed arguments were right there with them.
It’s kind of hard to focus when Teddy is still right there, moving between him and its owner, so Castiel misses the window for an answer and is left trembling and alone when Dean finally moves away from him, the dog doing so as well.
There’s no use in arguing. He’d forgive his brother anyway but the genuine apology does soothe the slight sting still left from the words spoken earlier. “Thank you, Gabe. I’m sorry, too. I should have called.”
“Teddy, give me some space!” he begs desperately as the big dog runs around him, to no avail. The animal’s nervousness makes it tremble with excitement. That simple-wired brain does nothing but shortcut, absolutely not hearing a single thing Castiel is asking of it. “Go find daddy!” he tries in his most upbeat voice. Luckily, it works. Teddy runs off in a random direction because though the words are familiar and they usually mean Dean is home, this isn’t, well,
“Yes, you keep saying that. What do you even mean by that?”
But when she faces him again, her face is still as warm as it had been the past hour and some of the tension fades away.
* Chapter 07 : What he wrote - L. Marling
* Chapter 14 : …
Pitching the idea about a brand new factory on the banks of wealthy New Jersey had been a calculated risk, if they would indulge in this investment, it would be their most ambitious to date and it had left the attendees in the large meeting room quite breathless in all honesty.
When he finally calms down enough he’s quite surprised to realize none of the two men in front of him had tried to stop him, nor had they interrupted him. One was too shocked and the other, the other was just looking at him with a raised eyebrow and a pissed, though also slightly impressed look.
It didn’t help though.
“You know what?!” but Cas stops himself the second he receives that signature death stare, making the wise decision of shutting his mouth and getting through another day of receiving crap, ‘cause that’s what he’s supposed to do.
* Chapter 02 : Broken bones - Kaleo
desperate?” The humiliation and insults should snap him out of it, not to mention how utterly and undeniably wrong it is, but the hand on his cock, the body against his own… The sheer
“Novak, I suggest you shut up.”
* Chapter 08 : Mercy - S.Mendes (acoust.)
What’s even more unsettling beside the homicidal vibe in the closed off space is how Mr. Winchester hasn’t said a single word about Castiel’s behaviour. Not about the dismissal at early hours, not about the vulgar language, not even about the liquid crime.
Dean steps away then, turning so he’s standing closer to Castiel but can still keep his eyes on both victims as he resumes. “My, my, Mr. Novak. Very bad indeed. Can you imagine what would have happened if my men and I hadn’t stumbled upon that situation? Would this pervert have fucked that innocent, sweet child?”
He considers it.
After all, Dean is the one with power.
“I doubt there’s anything but.”
Those lips finally move up and away from Cas’ throat until they come to steal his breath a split second later in a way that make him go limp as he’s turned around, his back now against the stall’s door where he slides down easily. As he looks up at Dean from where he’s been pushed to his knees, he realizes where this is going. “Dean, I-“
“Please!” Castiel sobs.
* Chapter 13 : Keeping me alive - Jonathan Roy
If only he could explain but for now he’ll have to settle on lying through his rattling teeth as to why he showed up there, drenched in sweat, out of breath and probably looking two minutes away from death. If he isn’t already. Gabriel pulls him inside quickly.
Luckily for him, Gabriel is supportive, if only slightly astonished by the whole situation. Castiel lets out a little breath of relief when handing the phone back to Mr. Winchester because he doesn’t know what he would have done if his brother started asking all the wrong questions, unknowingly backing him into a possibly fatal corner by doing so. “
He doesn’t stop till he can feel the wood beneath his knuckles as he knocks down on it.
“What are you talking about?” It almost sounds accusatory but he knows even with this fever fogging up his brain that if Mr. Winchester is denying anything it’s out of pure self-preservation, a last ditch effort to maintain some false dignity.
“How’s he treating you anyway? Because honestly, every time I saw him on TV before I kind of thought he was a dick.”
Playlist so far:
“Is this a joke? Did Mr. Winchester seriously give me some injured animal to take care off?” He wants to get angry at the words but Castiel finds himself too hazy to even keep his eyes open anymore and besides, it’s quite peaceful now that Mr. Ketch’s outbursts sound so far away. “Shit man, you could die. I don’t want some dead prostitute in-“ But Castiel’s lights go out.
Playlist so far:
“No.”
It made Castiel seriously consider terminating the contract. How bad could getting tortured really be? Was having his dead body dumped in a ditch really
“Welcome home.”
A thousand whishes could’ve never been enough to plea for a second chance, neither could a thousand prayers ever wash away his sins because, what he was about to do was an action of the unforgivable kind. Unforgivable not only by himself but by the universe, by whatever man in the sky you do or do not believe in.
* Chapter 17 : You can run - Adam Jones
She smiles and frowns at him as she sticks out her hand. “Yes. The name’s Ellen. Harvelle. It’s a pleasure to meet you, sir. But you can just call me Ellen.”
The owner nods politely. Cas nods politely.
"Somewhere just beyond my reach"
“Sir, I- will you at least tell me what’s going on?”
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
“Did- did someone pass away?” He barely dares to ask. “Gabriel? Is he..?”
He was gonna fight his way out of this one if needed. Turns out he never stood a chance because before he knows it, there’s a gun pressed directly at his heart, painfully digging into healing scars.
* Chapter 26 : Suga Boom Boom - DL Downer
“Well, I-“
Before the anger can further drive them apart, Cas suddenly pulls Dean a little closer. “Hug me” he whispers almost frantically and wastes no time in waiting for an answer as he brings their bodies together. “What-“
* Chapter 03 : Monsters - Ruelle (acoust.)
* Chapter 02 : Broken bones - Kaleo
“Good morning, Mr. Novak.” The man remains quiet which immediately wipes the smile off Dean’s face and makes him stop in his tracks. He wants to be respected. “Now, what do you say to your boss?” It takes a full ten seconds before Castiel finally answers with a forced out greeting. But that doesn’t satisfy Dean enough. “And what do you say to me for not pressing charges?”
Mr. Winchester’s wardrobe?
It’s not as if Castiel has been in the hospital that many times but even he knows it’s awfully quiet for one. No matter how much he tries to listen to those familiar noises of nurses and patients blowing some life into the otherwise serious environment, he’s left with nothing but the sound of his own steady breathing filling a heavy void.
he could get out
“At ‘The Seven’, you know-“
It’s too much.
* Chapter 14 : Far from home - Sam Tinnesz
* Chapter 08 : Mercy - S.Mendes (acoust.)
Dean says those words as though they were venom on his tongue before taking in a deep breath and continuing. “You see, that’s where you made a mistake. People don’t care about you. Now tell me, Cassie, would people call the cops out of concern for someone they don’t give two fucks about? Hmm?”
hard time keeping it together right now.
* Chapter 20 : Light up - Isak Danielson
“Expect me in ten.”
Maybe he could finally read that book he’s been keeping next to his bed, or perhaps he could even visit that art museum down on 10
* Chapter 14 : Far from home - Sam Tinnesz
spoken. Exactly those that made it all the more unbearable.
It takes everything out of him to stand up to this man but he’s not a toy, he refuses to just be passed around and perform sexual acts against his will, no matter how close he is to passing out from sheer fear. He watches the reaction closely, feeling the slightest bit of relief when he spots something close to amusement rather than the uncontained violence he was expecting.
“Because that’s what I do, isn’t it, sweetheart? I take care of you.”
So when Castiel saw the defeat in Mr. Winchester’s eyes, followed by a few small nods, he should have felt happy, relieved. But when the man had gotten up and walked out of the room without another word, Castiel felt utterly and truly lost as he watched the man who'd entranced him all this time go without looking back.
If he wouldn’t need a fond to cover for his extracurricular activities, Dean would have given up on this life a long time ago. The increasing difficulties of keeping private and business separated not really helping.
Melissa ignores it all. She ignores the scars, the bruises, even the marks on his arms- still there years after they’d been punctured by needles over and over again- are equally treated, no part of him left abused. It’s almost as if she spoils him just
“He got you good, didn’t he?” Dean asks with a soft tone to his wreck of a voice.
“Sir.”
* Chapter 03 : Monsters - Ruelle (acoust.)
“What happened?” Cas finally manages to ask after a few minutes of silence. “I mean, they must have been regular kids once, right?”
Neither of those factors take away from the pressing urgency of threading carefully, that goes without saying, because one mishap, just one slip-up, could land him a lifetime in jail and everyone knows you can’t be a king if there’s no kingdom to rule.
“Hey, Anna.”
“Tonight? Are you even allowed to leave the house?”
Here, he’s safe from suspicion but that doesn’t mean he’s got time to waste for he’s not going to push his luck either. “Donna, hi” he greets and excuses himself as he pulls her to the side. She immediately goes into an overjoyed state, asking Cas a million questions, powdered sugar still coating her fingers and mouth.
There’s a moment of calmness before Mr. Winchester continues, voice sweet. “Listen to me, sugar. This man, he hurt you didn’t he? He hurt you. I just made sure he’ll never lay another hand on you nor will he ever yell at you again. I did it for you, to protect you.”
“No, doctor” he manages to say, regardless of how much it pains him to lie his way through what could possibly have been his only way out.
Castiel runs.
Even though ‘Wesson Law & Legal’ is a firm of smaller scale, still on the rise amidst their unforgiving and crushing competition, Mr. Novak was well aware he was a nobody, easily replaced despite being one of their best barristers and thus nothing more than an obedient pup who should sit and shut up. At least in the presence of his master, or boss in this case.
The cock comes before the answer. It slides into his wet mouth with ease, tongue instinctively pressing itself along the underside while he does his best to breathe calmly. “Your brother told me about her.” Some fear instantly lets go of Castiel upon hearing those words because of course there had to be a logical explanation to it all. Wait-
Mr. Winchester had never even mentioned a younger brother, and somehow left out the whole part where Paula is said brother’s mother in law. She’s family yet he sometimes treats her worse than he does his own staff. Castiel feels ashamed all of a sudden.
Instead, he does as he’s been told through gritted teeth, ignoring how red his torso appears even in the dim light of his bedroom. No matter how soft the quality silk might be, it still makes him gasp out in pain as it lightly settles over every inch of burning skin. From his collar bones to his nipples and ribs, the shirt clings to his frame without mercy.
* Chapter 05 : Satisfied - Reignwolf
“You’re gonna get clean,” his father had said, “until then, you’re not welcome in my house.”
The silence between them goes on for so long, Dean nearly walks away and locks Cas back in a cage like a dog that just doesn’t seem to want to learn, but then tear filled, tired eyes look up.
“Put it on.”
“Must there be a reason?”
(See the end of the chapter for
* Chapter 09 : Miracle - The Score
“I’m a fucking human being, you know?! You can’t do this!” He’s fuming as he defends his own life though right as he’s about to get off the floor, Mr. Winchester pushes his chair back and gets up without a word, walking away from the trembling man. Castiel instantly figures out what’s to follow.
Castiel can only focus on the clouds his breath makes in the cool evening air, shoving his frozen hands just a little deeper into his pockets. Winter sure came early this year. And maybe it’s just him, but it seemed to feel a lot colder than he can remember as well.
“Yes?” he asks slightly hesitant the second he realizes this definitely is not some church boy. “Castiel Novak? Mr. Winchester requests your presence at his office.” It’s clear by the way this bear of a guy is staring him down that this isn’t a polite question open to be answered only after weighing out all the options. There’s only one right answer here yet he hesitates.
* Chapter 01: Not afraid - Tommee Profitt
“No, no, no. Look at me.” Dean says as he notices Cas’ eyes drifting off beyond the crowd standing outside. They’re hard to see but the commotion still draws attention, resulting in their intentions becoming quite clear. There’s a handful of protesters right across the street being kept away by police as they yell profanities about homosexuality being a sin.
, but we can’t go back now, can we? At least not yet. Every time someone asked me about how you’d been, it made me angry and it took me a while to see it but, it made me angry because you weren’t there with me.
are you?!”
Mr. Winchester, just like any drug, is addictive for all the wrong reasons. It doesn’t matter how taken apart the victim might already be, because for every new push comes a new pull and just like that, their prey becomes more and more dependent on them in some messed up, Stockholm Syndrome kind of twisted love story fabricated solely on abuse.
“Do you call him daddy?”
Paula on the other hand appears to be completely at ease apart from the worried frown. Either because she’s just part of the network and is comfortable with shady happenings like these or because she’s none the wiser on what’s actually at play here.
“Hey, uh, Cas? I’m sorry” Gabriel says eventually, “I shouldn’t have yelled at you like that.”
Castiel doesn’t know what hurts more: being traded off like some piece of property or just how little time Mr. Winchester needed to agree to do so. Before he can even process what just happened, the two men are shaking hands and he’s being dragged away by the Brit, his screams completely ignored.
“There’s always a reason.”
“You don’t pay me at all.”
That, he can answer. “Yes.”
He suddenly didn’t only want to wash away the tremble in his hands that had been building up for weeks now, but also the taste somehow still lingering on his tongue. Violent, burning liquor sounding a whole lot better than lust and possession not yet forgotten.
* Chapter 15 : Holding out for a hero - NBT
The gunshot rips through Castiel even though he isn’t the one the bullet gets lodged in. Images of lifeless eyes staring at him as blood sloshes around on the floor immediately make their way back into his mind along with every nasty detail a night of betrayal had brought forth for him and it makes him sink to the floor, shaking and crying.
He doesn’t even have time to fully get out of his car before a set of rough hands from an unknown man drag him towards the hotel’s back entrance without a word of explanation. Cold eyes skimming the lot as if to make sure they weren’t being watched catch his attention and Castiel goes rigid.
* Chapter 18 : Start a war - Valerie Broussard
they look together continue to be made all throughout.
Mr. Winchester could spend hours screaming into his phone as he walked around the office slamming doors and even smashing mugs to bits and pieces without a care in the world because no one was there to hear anyway. It was the perfect hideaway. A not-so-secret secret lair for a villain, one might say.
"Is there anybody out there? I'm down on my knees."
Or, squirm his way out of actually following up on his prescription and staying more alert because of it but risking getting even sicker than he already is right now and jeopardizing the chances of getting on top of this any time soon.
One thing led to another, up until the point where it came within inches of escalating into yet another war between gangs. The only thing stopping such bloodshed? The bullet in John’s brain.
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
The owner of the restaurant personally handles the bills here it seems or maybe he just has a more intimate bond with Mr. Cock sucker. Novak recognizes the man immediately from various blogs, awards and cooking shows on TV but seeing him in person isn’t nearly as enthralling.
He can see them standing in the living room but beside the vague words here and there, Cas can’t make out what they’re saying. Judging by the occasional frowned glances, which he pretends to ignore, it’s about him. More specifically: his physical condition.
* Chapter 03 : Monsters - Ruelle (acoust.)
Song for this chapter: Run in the rain - Tom Grennan
* Chapter 12 : Run in the rain - Tom Grennan
When he wakes up again, he gladly notices he can at least keep his eyes open for longer than a few seconds at a time now, enough to confirm that they are indeed in a hospital. Didn’t he specifically ask Gabriel
Castiel thinks. No wonder all these employees were trying to get in his pants if it suddenly promoted them to personal assistant. But where did that leave him? The thought of not even being good enough anymore to fetch a fucking cup of coffee in the morning does it and before Cas can stop it, he’s crying into his trembling hands right in front of the couple.
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
cute so come here, and suck my cock.”
Playlist so far:
Gabriel leans forward a bit, lowering his voice. “Did you marry him for his money?”
When screeching tires cut through the unmeasured chaos, his heart starts pounding again within an instant. Of course that damned dog heard them too and is galloping towards the sound at full speed followed by two people in full combat gear. The door slams shut soon after. There’s yelling coming from the hallway followed by a load of cursing and things getting smashed on the floor. In any other instance, that would have scared him, but right now it’s the best sound in the world.
That visibly makes her sad as she explains that, “no, they move to Espagña. But visit every year!”
what I mean, Cas.” His fingers slide down as he confesses, all so he can tilt Novak’s face up and closer to his own. “I need you by my side.”
Castiel hopes it’s over now. That Dean believes him and that they can go home, go back to ignoring each other and pretend this never happened but when he dares look up again, Mr. Winchester is still utterly pissed, nodding in disbelief with an agitated grin on his lips.
“Why’d you write it?” He eventually asks after a few minutes of silence between them, voice soft.
* Chapter 08 : Mercy - S.Mendes (acoust.)
“No,” Dean decides, “I’m not giving you drugs.”
“Yeah, I bet he’d like to know. Now that I’m supposedly married to a billionaire.”
* Chapter 01: Not afraid - Tommee Profitt
, you gave your whore away as collateral. I thought the rumors where false, you know? Certainly a leader couldn’t be so stupid to stir up dirt over a piece of meat he’d already thrown in the trash but here we are; the famous ‘Mr. Winchester’ crying over some faggot prostitute!”
“No.”
* Chapter 10 : Bloody city - Sam Tinnesz
* Chapter 17 : You can run - Adam Jones
There’s another deep breath echoing through strings pulled too tightly, one wrong move and the pressure might make them snap, Castiel along with them.
They don’t care about the screams cutting through midnights, or about sweat-soaked sheets being picked up by staff every day. They don’t even bat an eye at the tears, nor the fights. Castiel is a liability and that’s that. Nothing more than a nuisance to be dealt with.
Castiel is quiet as a stares at the front page. “WINCHESTER UNDER FIRE AFTER HEATED ARGUMENT WITH LEGAL TEAM” it says, right above a picture of the man in question during the middle of his corporate cock-sucking speech. Castiel immediately boils with rage again as humiliation and shame come flooding back.
“I’ve got a job for you,” comes the lowly growled addition a few seconds later, “I’ll contact you once I know more but right now I have no further use of you.” Castiel would be confused, he feels like he should have a million questions right now but all he feels is throbbing pain throughout his body, the black spots dancing in front of his eyes aren’t helping either.
“You’re lucky” is the verdict. Even though trouble was to be expected after the mess that had been their lives for the past three weeks, hearing such a statement makes Cas’ empty stomach drop. He’s just not ready for whatever punishment has been laid out for him.
* Chapter 18 : Start a war - Valerie Broussard
(See the end of the chapter for
“I said, the music’s really loud!”
Her face is sad, yet cautious as she looks at Castiel and then beyond him, scanning the room to once again make sure no other staff members have entered the house in the meantime. What was she on about?
* Chapter 03 : Monsters - Ruelle (acoust.)
“Here.” But Cas stares at the glass of water just a tad too long for Dean’s liking. “Drink it, you idiot. You look like shit. If you need pills or whatever we’ll get them later but for now just drink the damn water.” Yes- indeed, he probably should if his sore throat is anything to go by. “Thank you.”
“It was nice meeting you. I’ll be sure to invite you over so we can all have dinner together. Of course it will have to be after this poor thing feels better, huh?”
* Chapter 10 : Bloody city - Sam Tinnesz
“Yes, sir.”
But then again, Castiel always has been the defiant one, hasn’t he?
“Huh,” Cas scoffs, “too busy fucking his secretary again? Just let me through! I want to get out of here! I want to get out!” That’s the final straw. Any attempt at keeping frustrated tears at bay crumbles as he feels them reach his lips and cool the burning skin along the way. If only his chest could stop burning, too.
But Castiel has to do this.
Dean Winchester wasn’t the kind of man you could quit, definitely not the type of person whose contract you could end. At least not without providing your very own death sentence. Overcoming addiction, for Castiel, had been characterized by a new breath of life blown directly into his still smouldering lungs which he accepted so eagerly, so desperately that he ran without ever looking back. And that was a privilege.
It wasn’t a question, he knows that, but rather a light hearted comment for the sake of friendly conversation but he somehow feels the need to explain himself nonetheless, and to prove the point that didn’t need to be proven in the first place, he settles himself on the table without wincing.
“Is your husband still on holiday, Mr. Winchester?”
* Chapter 14 : Far from home - Sam Tinnesz
“Ain’t that what couples do after shit like this? You know, celebrate?” The way Mr. Winchester says it is so impassive and detached that it instantly replaces the uneasiness Cas felt earlier with straight up cold fear. He’d thought about it, more than once; speculating just how far this man would go with the abuse of power he held. What exactly is this pretentious individual capable of?
Living with the dog had been hard. Having Mr. Winchester make fun of his fear for large canines? Even harder. Every time Teddy as much as paddled into a room with his overly big paws, the scar on Castiel’s cheek tingled uncomfortably, reminding him of what can happen if he’s not careful.
“You should be glad I don’t kill you here and now! Do you even know who I am?” he screams. “I don’t care!” Castiel yells back just as loud as he tries to scramble off the bed. “Well, then I guess it’s my job to make sure you never forget my name again.”
. I could have Paula make smoked salmon, we’ve got sirloin steaks, oh, she makes a mean truffle risotto or-“
* Chapter 01: Not afraid - Tommee Profitt
“Mornin’, boys” Dean greets, nauseatingly chipper regarding the circumstances, “let’s get to it.”
“Huh, sure. You’re still my baby brother, though and you ought to listen to me next time.”
Barely a word had been spoken between them ever since the, well,
of abusing me! If you wanna be jealous, go ahead-“
The image of Dean’s face makes him chuckle to himself all throughout his scrubbing and private concert. There’s something deeply satisfying in making someone that puts so much effort into keeping up perfect appearances falter and crumble and watching their pretend flawlessness lose all composure along with all self-control.
* Chapter 27 : ...
do, Mr. Novak, because I’m starting to wonder why I keep you around at all.”
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
“You know I don’t get your references, Gabriel. But what articles? What do they say?”
Miraculously, he does, even seeming a bit shocked at himself for talking so much, judging by the way he snaps his mouth closed and finally acknowledges Castiel again. Castiel who, unbeknownst to Gabriel, has been sinking further and further into despair for the past ten minutes and who is having a
Dean wasn’t finished, though, he instead shoves Castiel against the car and shakes him violently while once again asking about the truth after putting a firm reminder in place that he still calls the shots and not Cas.
Paula might not have anything on him strength wise, not that Castiel would resolve this with violence, but she still works for Mr. Winchester and therefore quite possibly holds his life in her hands. If he wants to get away with this, he’ll have to play it smart.
It would make him feel relieved,
” comes her motherly cooing as she gently pushes his sweaty hair aside and stares at him for a moment, then noticing his confused look and adding “handsome” as an explanation, chuckling softly.  ‘Oh’ is all Castiel can respond to that.
* Chapter 12 : Run in the rain - Tom Grennan
“Mr. Novak, please!” the bodyguard finally barks angrily, probably not wanting to listen to this temper tantrum for another second and he succeeds in making Cas shut up for a few seconds. “Mr. Winchester will be on his way. He was notified as soon as you woke up.”
Castiel could have made a million different choices that night. From dumping the boy’s ass right on that couch and never looking back, to going for a much needed meal in an attempt to sober up a bit. He even could’ve just taken Darius home, fucked him raw and then called it a night.
“No. I’m sorry,
It was all downhill from there for Mary. Though still being relatively young, the loss of her husband slowed her down, it made her ill, turning her into a ghost long before she became one and Dean knew it somehow was his fault, denying it made no difference.
“Dean Winchester. Indeed, owner of-, yes. No, I’m not kidding.”
When lunch time rolls around, Dean scatters out of the office again, this time taking his briefcase with him and Castiel panics for a second. Was he supposed to just wait there? But then the ginormous ass walks back in, seems to contemplate for a moment and then just grunts while vaguely motioning for Cas to follow him as he shoots through the doors again.
* Chapter 12 : Run in the rain - Tom Grennan
As soon as Dean stands up to go pour himself another drink, Teddy is right there by the man’s side, ever obedient and cautious. It distantly makes Castiel realize murdering Dean in his own home would be near impossible. Unless you count being mauled to death by a dog while doing so as a victory of course, but that’s not his main issue here. The fact part of the plan had apparently been to bring Mr. Winchester’s beloved pet to the safe house means they’re here to stay for a while, this was no temporary setback to be dealt with overnight, this was serious.
“I’m really sorry I’m not able to give you more.”
* Chapter 22 : Damn your eyes - Beth Hart
wealthy suit, but
One contract to protect him through financial security and one contract to protect Dean from Castiel’s possible defiance through a short leash, unconditional service and the power to kill.
“No, yeah, yeah, I swear. The concern, it’s- it’s very, uhm, I appreciate it. But I’m fine.”
* Chapter 14 : Far from home - Sam Tinnesz
“And I thought ‘Cassius’ was bad.”
The anger he expected. But the fear? That was a rarity, though in that moment, as he looks up, straight into the face of the person who dragged him into this mess in the first place, it lay clear as day: fear. Raw, panicked, and present in abundance like no other emotion had ever shown itself within the cold,
He’s pulled from his thoughts when Mr. Winchester darts back into the room, almost coming off as nervous. “It’s not much, uh- yeah, here.”
“Yes?”
“I always worry, it’s my job!”
It was weird, seeing picture after picture of himself standing next to the man on stage. There were even snaps of them as they excited the building that night, blurry and dark but probably enough to satisfy the people wanting to know this exciting couple’s every move. Of course each article couldn’t seem to shut up about how overjoyed they are with the wedding and what an
Tip: 20% = $375, 00
Dean lets out a dark chuckle, unashamed as he judgementally rakes his eyes up and down Castiel’s body before responding; “I certainly hope it will never have to come to that”.
Cutting right to it then.
“The rallies, Cas! Those climate marches you used to attend?”
Song for this chapter: Keeping me alive - Jonathan Roy
“Thank you.”
Castiel nods quickly, straightening his expensive suit once Mr. Wesson lets go of him again.
“Gabriel!”
* Chapter 21 : Corbeau blanc - Julien Doré
* Chapter 11 : Calm after the storm - Common Linnets
“Cassie,” he manages to gasps out at last, “Cas- oh my God, what happened to you?”
* Chapter 23 : ...
Even Teddy starts barking from his room, undoubtedly riled up and perhaps concerned by hearing his owner going at it. Castiel just becomes increasingly convinced that were they not in some mansion far away from the next house over, a weary neighbour definitely would’ve called the cops on them and all of this would be over.
“Let’s go home.” Cas eventually begs, trying to get himself out of Dean’s hands but failing.
“Where’s that handsome fiance of yours?” someone had asked out of the blue, quite frankly taking Dean by surprise with the twist of interest. This was the opening of one of the most discussed factories for crying out loud, why in the hell would anyone care about Castiel?
* Chapter 18 : Start a war - Valerie Broussard
“You, you-“
Upon noticing, yet ignoring Cas’ confused look, Dean continues. “I won’t give them to you. I’m sure you understand why. Now-“
* Chapter 02 : Broken bones - Kaleo
It’s too much! He’s in pain, he’s sick and he’s afraid and why won’t it stop?!
"I'm running out of time, I need a miracle."
The path to successful rehab had always been the promise of a better life but what promise was there when he could get out of Dean’s grip?
“Why can’t you just be happy for me, Gabe? I’ve finally got a good thing going on and here you are accusing my..
‘Spank me, daddy’ Gabriel whines mockingly.
“Just- just do it.” Cas exhales softly, closing his eyes and leaning against the wall a bit more when he feels how the new rush of anxiety makes already shaking legs edging closer to total failure. This isn’t a battle he can win.
“Do you want to make me fat? Is that it?”
run in with Mr. ‘Five in the morning is a reasonable time to wake someone up’.
“Any family members you want to contact?” Dean asks casually.
It’s been a weird fucking day. At least Teddy follows her when she leaves the room.
Yet, what he had anticipated doesn’t seem to be happening. Dean is simply pouring himself a drink, rather casually in fact, and turns around just a moment later.
rooms exactly. To his knowledge, they’re always locked and he’s never seen Mr. Winchester go in any of them.
He tries to reason, tries to tell her he just wanted a drink but she’s not having it. “I get water, you sleep now. Doctor will be soon!”
* Chapter 16 : ...
“Don’t you?”
To his surprise, she takes a slice of charcuterie from the package, asks the dog to sit (which it does), and gently feeds him some meat without any incidents.
Dean’s fingers drag along the steel countertop Castiel can only imagine as being cold to the touch. It’s strange to watch, the sheer nonchalance portrayed, it almost resembles an out-of-body experience for him. He’s beyond terrified, so much so that the thought of urinating on himself from fear doesn’t seem too farfetched, or perhaps he’s done it already. There’s no telling anymore.
“No!,” Cas gasps as he sits up from where he’d been resting his head on Dean’s bare chest, “I promise!”
How do you beat the person who’s primary goal it has been to beat
“Are you safe, Cas? You can tell me. You
* Chapter 10 : Bloody city - Sam Tinnesz
But Castiel already had.  From the moment light shone upon the face before him, up until the very moment Dean stood waving a weapon at his heart, Castiel had looked at the man. He’d seen the tears in haunted eyes, the fear of a life worth living being taken away, the begging.
But Castiel said enough.
poised.
* Chapter 21 : ...
* Chapter 05 : Satisfied - Reignwolf
Castiel takes in a short but deep breath, almost like a small gasp, when hearing Mr. Winchester’s request. The words were so soft he almost found himself completely pliant and obedient yet something stops him from actually moving. Perhaps it was because how stiff his body had gotten after remaining still for so long, or maybe the eyes on him made him more uncomfortable and self-conscious than he’d initially thought. But most likely it was the fear of revealing what had remained hidden under cautious layers.
It takes a few stammering words before Castiel can actually comprehend what he just heard, looking at the bitchy frown accommodating an unsaid menace, a challenge to see if the nobody from some random law firm will actually dare to say something back. “Excuse me?!” Castiel eventually asks with as much of a dare to it as the eyes still regarding him as if he’s worth less than garbage on the street.
“At, uh, a business event.”
Right before their driver opens the door for them, Dean makes sure to remind his
That finally does it. A second later he’s back up in a sitting position, body firmly pressed against the car’s door as he tries to catch his breath and steady his violently shaking limbs. “Fine.” Dean scowls. Then, after only a split moment of musing: “I still want to be pleased, Mr. Novak and I always get what I want.”
Cas turns around upon hearing the voice, trying to hide how startled he was by someone calling out to him in the empty hallway. It’s Benny, Dean’s personal bodyguard.
* Chapter 02 : Broken bones - Kaleo
* Chapter 17 : You can run - Adam Jones
“So, I explained why I didn’t call sooner and I apologized. Is there anything else or did you hear what you wanted to hear?”
“Mr. Davies,” Dean grits out, his smile only for the cameras, “congrats on the shittiest part of town.”
“No, you listen! I told you to call me! I was worried sick, Cassie!”
When Dean walks down his marbled staircase with just that slight hint of extra cockiness to his strut, he’s pleased to see Castiel is coming along, too. They’re putting in the finished touches it seems, three pairs of hands busy with neatly combing back black hair, straightening a dark blue tie, and putting some blush on those pale cheeks.
“Why what?!”
“With all due respect, it’s not your money I’m after. You know,
* Chapter 09 : ...
* Chapter 20 : Light up - Isak Danielson
“What can I do to help? My guys said you’ve been asking for stuff.”
“Good morning” he greets, politely nodding towards Paula who’s already busy cleaning the kitchen. ‘
But he might have cheered too soon. Not even half an hour later does Ellen return, this time holding a phone which she hands over, explaining the call is for him.
He gets roughly shoved into the meeting room but quickly puts a stop to his verbal battalion the second he realizes they’re not alone. Just a few feet behind Dean is another armed guard, undoubtedly trained (or rather: paid) to protect the man’s every ounce of petite ass.
He can’t even force a single word out after he puts his phone away, too stunned over what just happened. Gabriel on the other hand is right there to do the talking, chiming in with a quick “was that him?”
"It's our time to go, but at least we stole the show."
* Chapter 02 : Broken bones - Kaleo
“Castiel!” Mr. Winchester screams for the sixth time, finally snapping Cas awake. “Fucking hell!” the angry tone immediately followed by a hard smack right against his already throbbing face. “I thought you were freaking dying or something! You son of a bitch.”
“Well fat luck, kiddo! Look, I know it’s not fair. Addiction isn’t your choice, blah-blah, I get it. Staying clean? That’s on you, that’s your responsibility. But worrying about you? That’s mine!”
sorry! Please, forgive me!” Castiel rambles as he stares at the pink drink currently dripping down the silk-cashmere mix in fake panic. “Please, let me- let me help!” But his arm gets forcefully grabbed before it can even reach the ruined suit, a body guard promptly leading him away from the entourage and from the commotion he’d caused.
“Nothing!”
This time, Mr. Winchester doesn’t question it, he simply pulls Castiel close to him without a fight. “Is she gone?” Upon Cas shaking his head at the question, Dean whispers a soft ‘okay’ and then remains still for a while, just breathing slowly as he lets his chest rest against Cas’.
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
“You sure have a filthy mouth” a now naked Dean breathes against Castiel’s wet back while he lets his dominant hands claim every inch of searing hot skin in their path without stopping to see the damage already done. “I’d love to fuck it again.” Tonight however, he takes satisfaction in sliding his rock hard cock between trembling thighs until cum dribbles between them.
Song for this chapter: Mercy - Shawn Mendes (acoustic version)
“What? Nothing.”
“El diablo? As in, the devil?” It must be a saying and though Castiel was able to translate what she’d said with his limited Spanish vocabulary, he still wasn’t any closer to getting a glimpse at the riddle that is Dean Winchester, so he looks at Paula questioningly, trying to hold her gaze but she eventually looks away and stands up.
“Mr. Novak! Glad to have you back.”
He considers it. And later will regret even considering it. But-
“What happened?”
, I don’t know what you’re getting at but I suggest you do it quick. And if you’re here to intimidate or threaten me, I recommend you pick your words carefully or they’ll be the last thing you ever said. In regards to that precious teacup of yours, I made it shatter. That’s what you get when you mess with my property. Perhaps you could teach your men some decent manners?”
“I said no.”
“Gentlemen” he greets, “let’s get to it.” After having ushered Cas out of the chair, Dean sits down on it and motions to the two empty ones before him. The seats get taken by whoever gets there first, or maybe there’s an order to all of this, Castiel has no idea. He just knows this isn’t an ordinary business meeting. Beside the seemingly normal discussions about money and future plans, there’s also talk about ‘protection’ and ‘keeping the peace’.
“What do you think you’re doing? I don’t pay you to s-“
He’s in the middle of spewing some meaningless arguments at the completely unimpressed men when he sees a third person jogging towards him. It’s Mr. Winchester’s personal guard, Benny Lafitte. Oddly comforting, might he admit amidst the chaos in his brain.
’ Once Cas manages to meditate through rising heaps of nauseousness at seeing the formality and therefore lack of personal touches, his first thought goes to wondering how many of these pre-made cards Mr. Winchester has sent out over the years.
He’d been surprised at the kindness at first, wondering how in the Hell such nice people ended up being a part of Mr. Winchester’s staff. Ten seconds in, he noticed it: the logo on their all-black outfits, telling him that this was an outside business, probably only hired for this specific occasion. Too bad, really, he was rather enjoying the gentle attention and pampering for once.
“Are you sure, Cassie? You sound groggy.”
The lips that come up to brush against his cheek, however light they may be, distantly have his body wishing for more. But more never comes. Just as suddenly as this had all started, it ends abruptly when Mr. Winchester pushes them apart forcefully. This finally leaves room for Castiel to breathe again but the feelings that wash over him immediately have him wishing he was choking instead.
The keys are handed over from one suit to another but apparently, one does not nonchalantly get into one of these million dollar cars without a process beforehand. Castiel’s pants and jacket are checked for potential buttons or zippers that could scratch up the leather, and he receives a clean pair of shoes only to be worn inside of the vehicle. The driver, of course, strictly goes about his business while wearing white designer gloves.
He, unfortunately, is well aware of how every little movement brings forth a range of pain that still holds power over his body. It concentrates itself around his chest and abdomen, his feet, and… his privates. Memories of painful penetration and violent harassment make him stop dead in his tracks.
“Uhm. Ted- Teddy.”
* Chapter 24 : Way down we go - Kaleo
* Chapter 20 : Light up - Isak Danielson
The sight greeting Cas was not a pleasant one. “What’s he doing here?” This is a bad sign, making it evident things might be even more serious than he originally thought.
(See the end of the chapter for
For years to come he was
“Oh, no! Everything's fine, ma’am!” Dean says.
“Thank you.”
Upon hearing the rambled response, Gabriel simply hums. At least he takes another bite of his food before asking further questions, making fire lick at his brother’s heels.
There’s the tiniest of smiles forming. It’s sad and costs him endless amounts of energy but it’s still there. “I do,” Castiel confesses, “but I’m still sick and you still haven’t told me why you called in the first place.”
* Chapter 08 : Mercy - S.Mendes (acoust.)
* Chapter 08 : Mercy - S.Mendes (acoust.)
Leading a double life doesn’t come without struggles, Dean knows. It’s important to keep business and pleasure separated at all times, though right now, he isn’t sure which is which anymore with his factory tying into territorial pissing contests and Castiel currently living in his mansion.
“What are you going to do about it, Mr. Novak?” Even Wesson seems to shift in his chair by how challenging and
For the next ten minutes, Castiel has to listen to a story that goes on and on about this woman and her personality and of course, her boobs. Every time he manages to zone in again after nearly falling asleep with how exhausted he feels, there’s more talk about every aspect of the female anatomy in which he has absolutely zero interest. He’s gay for a reason.
Playlist so far:
’ and that’s when their eyes meet. Castiel wants nothing more than to look away from the animalistic brown ones sizing him up but the decision appears to be made.
Breathing is
* Chapter 07 : ...
So, here he is; watching his own tears drip into the cold coffee as he tries to let the scented drink clear his mind from remembering how it felt to consume lips almost seeming hungry for him. It hadn’t been the first time their skin had been pushed against each other in a wave of everything hot and heavy, but last night, Dean hadn’t forcefully taken him. It had been sweet, leaving Castiel feeling secure rather than petrified.
Not having any knowledge in Spanish doesn’t stop him from guessing the dog just got commanded to go to whoever it was that was calling out to him. Naturally, Teddy doesn’t listen for shit and it strangely enough kind of makes Castiel happy to know he isn’t the only one that doesn’t see eye to eye with him, that is of course
As if said nipple-biting idiot could hear his words and insults, the silence between them is finally broken by words that in any other scenario would send shivers down Cas’s spine but right now are leaving him as unaffected as watered down liquor after seven.
Castiel is well aware the pornographic display is nothing more than a provocation, the ultimate show of dominance with no purpose other than to make him squirm. And it’s working. He has to swallow hard when Dean finally removes his lips from the woman’s, both men breaking eye contact for the first time since that whole scene started but where he is left breathless, Mr. Winchester seems completely unabashed by it all as he casually wipes the red stains from his skin and guides the lady out of his office.
Food is about the last thing on his mind right now, to be honest. In the post-apocalyptic chaos currently waging in his body, culinary excellence unfortunately is not the lifeline he’s holding out for. No matter how much those dishes are making his mouth water; they’re just too far from reality.
