Cas shakes his head. “No. Usually, by the time I get to it, it’s already mixed with alcohol, but even then, there’s just… something about it.” Cas cocks his head to the side. “I think more than anything; it’s the taste. The thickness of the drink doesn’t bother me. After all, I love a good boiled custard.”
“I’m not so sure I'm gonna stay, yet.”
" Bobby grumbles, breaking him out of his reverie.
Dean nods, patting his pockets for his phone. “Shit. I left it at the guest house.”
"You're welcome." Castiel offers his arm for Dean to haul himself up and helps him into the pants. "Can you walk?"
"Quiet. Shy. She tends to really only like a few people. I've never actually seen her around anyone else but me now that I think about it."
"In."
"DUCK!" Cas yells as a tire hits the middle of the windshield, spider-webbing it.
"Christ Cas, is that what you think it did?" Dean asks quietly. The roar of the tornado is gone.
A tinkling sound fills the warm spring air. An elderly woman looks around, her yard full of different kinds of wind chimes. One’s got the body shape of the twisters that grace Kansas so often with horizontal wind vanes attached to it. Another is made of spoons and bounces off a tin can, creating music as the breeze shifts through her yard. She smiles and looks back over to the young man beside her, waiting for her instruction. "Alright, sugar, that's just the spot," Missouri Mosley says to the welder. "Go for it," she nods and pats him on the shoulder, turning when she hears the squeal of breaks. She turns around and feels a smile stretch across her face. "Dean Winchester!"
“You can, uh…” Dean blushes as he trails off, leaving the rest of his thought unsaid. He clears his throat and changes the subject. “Anyway, if you want to use the tinsel to decorate, go for it. I don’t usually use the stuff ‘cause it likes to stick to me.”
Castiel looks at his father oddly, but Joshua waves him off.
"There's no reason to be snippy, Dean. Have you filled out the divorce papers yet?"
The rest of the team converges on the Jeep now that Cas has revealed the real reason for the ruse to get Dean out here. They are talking excitedly over each other, and Claire laughs.
"God damn it," Dean mutters, then scrambles across the grass to run to Lisa, who's shaking and crying in Charlie’s embrace.
"Just a little one," Dean snarked back with a grin and bit into the skin over his bottom rib, making the muscles of his stomach twitch and Cas to lose his train of thought again. He continued down to the spur of Cas' hip, sucking little hickeys to the surface and leaving love bites all over his skin. He reached down to the waistband of his boxers and grabbed it in his teeth, pulling it back and letting it snap back against Cas' skin before nosing down into the crease of his groin. He paused here, drawing in a deep breath that smelled of
Cas chuckles. "I'll even buy again. Just to thank you."
"Got let go at work."
Dean swears and floors the gas. As they reach a bridge going across a small lake, the twister dances across the water. He's pretty sure this is about to get really bad.
He pokes her nose. "My little burrito baby. Just don't let Sam see you, he'll eat you up and then he'll have the worst gas ever."
Dean lowers Cas down through the hole in the floor, and Cas pans the flashlight over everything, looking for his aunt. The flashlight finally picks up on her nightgown. She's on the floor and trapped under the framing of the wall, drywall all around her. Her head is bleeding, and Cas' heart drops to his stomach.
She waves a hand at him as she turns to put the perishables in the fridge. "Sam called me and let me know that you helped him out by taking home a kitten, and I was pretty sure that you didn't stop for anything to make on the way home," she straightens and tosses a look over at him, pinning him in place, "did you."
Jo narrowed her eyes at him, but let it go with a nod. "You need to get down to the school and sign some paperwork since I know you two are still married, but you have my word, Dean. That harpy won't be hurting any of my family again if I have anything to say about it." Jo looked over her shoulder at a shout and rolled her eyes. "I gotta get back to work, but you two just flag me or Mom down if you need something, you hear?"
"Hey, Bobby."
Cas raised an eyebrow at that and cast a glance toward the house, but just shrugged. "Mama wants to put some more beds in now that you and Emma are here so she can plant more for next year." He jutted his chin toward the open field next to the pond. "She wants us to till that area and get it ready for flowers too. She wants to bring in honey bees next year."
Dean’s sweeping out the back of the rig a few hours later when Cas stops by the station.
A blur of black hits her left side, knocking her off balance and allowing Dean the chance to dart in and bash her face with a paw, dragging it across her eye and muzzle, raising four lines of blood. Abbadon shakes her head, clearing the blood from her eye, and leaps at Dean. Castiel shoves his head under Dean's chin, protecting his throat, and lashes out with his forepaw, knocking a leg out from under her. She stumbles, and Castiel darts out, catching her muzzle in his jaws.
"Jesus, Dean." Cas breathes. "I've never seen anything like this."
“Sam…”
“I don’t wear them with shoes. They are slippers.”
“I didn’t fold the map!” Kevin says defensively.
"Hey, Mama." He walked into the kitchen and dropped a kiss on her offered cheek. "Sorry about last night."
Cas shields his eyes and looks at the horizon, studying the clouds. He can see the lightning playing in the clouds and the distant rain as it sweeps across the prairie. He rattles off the directions he wants Sam to focus on and continues to scan the staging area, taking in his team and the preparations they are doing for the day.
"You know, I'd ask if you were a heartless bitch," she snarled as she crowded into Ruby's personal space, "but I already know the answer to that question. I don't know what your beef with Dean is, but it stops here, you got it?"
"ZANNA!" They jump as a cacophony of noise heralds the arrival of someone new, presumably looking for the little girl in front of him.
The shift from jokester Gabe to serious Gabe is a quick one, and Castiel can tell he has his brother's full attention. "Not sure yet, but I know Mike and Joshua are coming for sure."
He shakes his head and turns his attention back to the sketchbook in his lap. He's working out some new runes for the shop and can't afford to let his attention drift.
The lock snicks, and the door opens a crack. "The hell you doing in your fur, man?"
Dean sighs and looks at the ceiling. What even is his life anymore? “OK, two pills of Viagra then sexy times. So, what’s the problem?”
Meg raises an eyebrow and looks around. "Well, that explains everything. So now what?"
Emma shrugged her shoulders. "But what if they don't?"
Abbadon sneers as she dodges Dean's attack at her flank.
"Cas, this could happen to someone else. It
Dean's arms tighten around the little cougar. "No, sweetheart. At least I hope not. Is that what's bothering you?"
The next morning is hell, thanks to his brain not letting him sleep, but he manages to get himself to the bakery and starts on the day. Jess is there waiting for him with a sunny smile and he lets her chatter soothe him. They make a great team, and by ten am, she's shoving him out the door.
Castiel feels his face heat up in embarrassment. “No.”
Cas brightens beside him. “I will thank you.”
Dean raises an eyebrow. "Uh-huh. And you know Castiel how exactly?"
The next morning Dean goes through his new routine again, adding a run and stopping for coffee and muffins for him and Cas. After they eat and Dean showers, he finds himself being pushed down to the main drag to help decorate after Naomi gives a speech. He’s reasonably sure he’s never seen that many lights in one place before, let alone had to help someone put them up. He’s not even sure there were this many lights on base.
"I don't want to fight."
They hovered there in the afterglow for a time, where nothing else existed in the world but the two of them. Cas petted down Dean's back as their breathing returned to normal and Dean pulled back, nosing along his jaw. He shifted over to the side so he could lay beside Castiel and drew him over on his side and they kissed lazily until Cas drew back and bopped Dean on the nose.
!” Charlie says as she works to flatten out her jumbled maps.
"Child," Missouri broke in. "Why have you held on to this poison for so long?"
Castiel grumbles and shifts away so Dean can roll off the bed and pad over to the door. He watches as Dean takes two thermoses and a bag from Bobby before he closes the door and latches all the locks back.
Emma grinned wide. "Like a whole whole lot?"
“Ye-yes.” Castiel clears his throat. “Yes, Dean. I’m fine.”
He finds everyone, except for Zanna and the omegas, in the dining room. He does a quick check of everyone, especially Anna, and pronounces them all healthy. Meg tips her head toward the kitchen, so Castiel makes that his next stop.
Henriksen takes his seat. He puts his glasses on and reads the paperwork, then looks at Dean. “Well, Marine, this sucks.”
he says quietly, attempting to hide his bulk behind Dean.
"MAMA!" Dean shouted, throwing his arm up to shield his eyes.
The bell above the coffeeshop door tinkles when he enters, and a young blonde looks up from the counter. “Good morning. How can I help you?”
"It was a pleasure to meet you-" she starts as she extends her hand for a shake.
She twitches again and jerks her head up to groom her fur for a few seconds, shoving the thoughts of that horrible man from her thoughts. She gets up and jumps down to the deck before hopping to the ground and streaking into the front yard. She glances over at Dean's front porch as she runs by, but doesn't see him or the door cracked open, and the house is dark, just like it's been the last two days. She's hurt him, she knows it, but Dean was clear two nights ago when he'd asked her to leave.
“Possibly.
She picks her head up and licks his cheek.
Ash narrows his eyes at her, obviously thinking it over. He nods slowly. "Yeah, OK. That would be helpful, thank you, Meg."
Dean rolled his head back and stared at the ceiling. "Aw man, her again?" He rolled his head back to the front and eyed Garth. "At least tell me that Ash is going with me"
A cow flies past them.
Everyone but Cas is inside, and Gabriel is tugging the massive doors closed. Dean darts out, grabbing one of the concession workers and pulling her inside. "Dean!" Gabriel yells, "Get back in here!"
The crow caws again and flies away.
He swings into the General Store and grabs a few more cans of Cosmos' favorite food and is heading back to the bakery when Bobby comes out of the hardware store and stops him.
"Oh uh, yeah. From what I understand she runs this place now?"
Dean nods and digs through his dresser and finds an old pair of sweatpants and a stretched out t-shirt. He brings them over to Castiel and gives them to him with a kiss on the cheek.
"I'm still Lydia Winchester, at least until your son," she flicked her gaze over to Dean, "signs the divorce papers and gives them back to me. Until those are final, you will address me as such."
Dean laughs and scooches over so that Cas can snuggle into his side. He pulls down one of her quilts and throws it across them. He rests his cheek on her head.
Dean had moved them here shortly after Sam graduated high school. The death of their father in a drunk driving accident (the drinking one of the many reasons Mary had left John when the boys were still little) had people in Lawrence looking at both boys sideways like they expected one or both to follow in their old man's footsteps. And being LGBT (bi specifically for Dean) in Kansas? That was just asking for trouble. So, the boys got together one night, hung up a map of the US, and started throwing darts. Mary had looked on, amused, as they missed over and over before they landed one at the very edge of the border between the States and Canada.
It works, and everyone laughs, including Missouri.
Cas points to the fields. "Look at how the rain is coming off the fields."
Cas stood up and held a hand out to Dean. "Dancin's just a conversation between two people, Dean. Come on."
Dean opens his eyes and gives himself a mental shake to dispel the image of his mother's fallen body. "Zanna, I- I can't promise nothing's gonna happen to Cas. Or anyone else in the pack, for that matter. But, I can promise that we are gonna do everything we can to keep that from happening ever again, OK?"
When he sees the bakery again, he makes a beeline for it. As he reaches for the door, it’s flung open, and a redhead pops out.
"What?"
Dean chuckles darkly. "Yeah. With him being a Shifter, I'm not surprised by that. That old wolf could probably find the traps even without the detector."
Emma bit her lip. "But, I'm not like him. We're different. It's like we're not even relatives sometimes."
So Dean (after being bullied into eating lunch by Charlie) moves over to the bay Baby’s sitting in. Gabe wanders over soon after, Bobby on his heels.
“Fine,” he says as he moves the chopped carrots to the same bowl as the broccoli. “And the bookstore?”
Dean rises to his feet, Zanna tucked behind him at the cave wall.
He’s on his laptop, scrolling through the news outlets when a soft knock breaks into his thoughts.
Dean nods. "OK. I- I'll try. I just-"
Lisa's mouth sagged open. "Oh my god, you really didn't know." She snapped her jaw shut and put a hand over her mouth. "All these years I thought -"
"You want to take a look at this, Lisa?" Gabriel asks. She shakes her head. "Are you sure you can really feel it with the telephoto lens!"
Dean grasps the Major’s hand. “Thank you, sir. Keep me in the loop with him, will you?”
Dean swallows again. "I couldn't. Neither could Charlie. We're both unmated omegas, and the pack bonds are too strong, not to mention the danger we'd put the others in. Benny, Bobby, and the others refused to leave us behind. Even Garth was happy to stay behind to protect us."
“Now, I
Cas nods as she finishes her slice and reaches for another. "Oh, that’s good.” She takes a bite and nods her head to the TV. “Go ahead and start the movie if you are ready."
Dean waves him off and puts Fury down on the floor. The kitten stays close to his ankles as Dean gathers Cosmos up in his arms and takes her to his bedroom and lays her on his bed, tucking a few of his shirts around her and putting the flannel over her like a blanket. Hopefully, his scent will keep her calm if she wakes up before he checks on her.
The kitten leans back into Dean's chest and heaves a sigh.
He knows he is.
Charlie crashes out of the underbrush and tumbles into Dean's side, where he's seated next to the fire. They yelp, and Dean topples over, flailing and trying to stay out of the coals.
Dean can feel his power rise and knows his eyes are flashing purple at the slur, but before he can retaliate, Cosmos streaks out from her hiding place and sinks her teeth into Marv's right calf. Marv lets out a high-pitched scream and Dean can only watch as Cosmos shreds the khakis he's wearing and starts tearing into Marv's flesh.
"Man, he is going to
"Well shit. Fine. What time is he going to be here?"
Dean's hand falls to his lap, and he sits in the yard, staring at nothing until Donna pulls up. He holds up a hand to stop her from crossing the ward and casts the spell over her so she can pass, and he tells her where she can find Sam and Cosmos. He follows her into the house and goes into the guest bedroom, closing the door behind him to keep Fury away from the two working on Cosmos. He leans against the door and slides to the floor and buries his head in his hands.
Dean makes an appreciative sound.
"Hey," he says quietly. "Long day. Two coffees, please," he says to the same blonde server.
Dean looks behind him to ensure that the concession girls got out of the tiny shack and sees Cas still standing there, transfixed as the tornado rips through the theater screen. "Cas. CAS!" he pauses to see if it gets his attention, then tries again. "
“Dude, you being in the States is a good enough present for me. Where the hell are you, anyway?”
"Charlie?" Dean asks.
“Hey there, Charlie. I’m Dean. Bobby called me about my Impala.”
Dean shakes his head. "Not unless they anchored the pack."
The night wore on and the bar started filling up around ten. Dean was slouched in his seat, well on his way to being blitzed, when he caught sight of Ruby Cortese entering the bar.
"Oh, Dean. None of the things in that shop were purchased with money you made on your own. None of that belongs to you."
"Hey Cas, are you sure we're allowed to go off the trails?"
Dean flushes. “Sorry. I have a habit of nicknaming people.”
Dean ignores him, turning on his heel. He stalks over to Dick, grabbing him by the shoulder and throwing a right hook into the bastard’s nose. “You son of a bitch! You stole her! I will stab you in the face for this, you bastard!”
Thanks to the early hour it’s not hot yet, so Dean stops to take a breath, letting the calm seep into him. The holly bush next to the porch rustles as a starling flies out of it, and Dean tracks it until it disappears into the sky. He takes a sip of his coffee as he clambers down the steps and over to the Impala. He climbs in, situates the thermos in the seat so it doesn't roll around, and heads out to the bakery.
Cas grins and darts away, and Dean chases her around the kitchen, trying his best to retaliate until Kevin comes into the kitchen.
He tromped down to the kitchen and gathered up the pitcher and glasses (because of course Missouri already knew what he was up to), and made his way to the backyard. Dean had to stop and appreciate Cas' ass in the same Levi's as he'd had on last night because
For women, they are considered fuzzy
"That's Gordon; he's an asshole."
to add something.”
A young girl, dressed in what appears to be homemade clothing, is looking at him with wide eyes. She's a tiny thing with long brown hair and brown eyes. She shivers at the sight of his fangs.
Over the past few weeks, Dean'd tried to talk with Emma about school, just to have her brush him off. He knew from Ellen that the kid hadn't let up on Emma at school, but every time he brought it up with his daughter, she just shrugged and changed the subject. Dean got desperate enough to ask Jack, but he didn't know much beyond what Ellen did. All he had to say about it was "Ben don't like her and he's a mean bully. He don't like me neither ‘cause I live with Missouri."
"Course I did," Bobby scoffs. "Everyone did. She's been flappin’ her gab at anyone who will listen to her. Not that there's many of those left." He took his hat off and scratched his head. "Well, offer still stands to let you sell your work here, ya know."
"OK, hold on, we're almost there!" Cas replies.
He hugs her tight to his chest, making soothing noises at her as Cas walks past him, quirking an eyebrow at them. Dean nods back, so Cas turns his attention to the truck and TOTO.
Dean clears his throat. “Heya Cas.”
Dean sticks his head into the cab. "She's just about ready."
Zanna cocks her head to the side.
"What are you doin'?" Missouri asks him, squeezing his fingers.
Dean nodded. "That actually sounds pretty cool." His shoulders slumped. "But, where would I sell it? I can't imagine that many people here would want to buy stuff like that."
“Just wanted to check in. I’m going to be getting to you later than I thought.”
"No-" Cas breaths. He feels his heart rate kick up, and terror floods his system. He can't lose Missouri. He
Cas hummed beside him, arms crossed over his chest. He looked over the backyard and took in Jack and Emma playing tag with the neighbor's dog, Sam and Jess sitting under a tree, heads together, and Missouri bustling around the vegetable plots. "It's not a bad family you have here, Dean."
"Full coverage?"
He blinks again, and more comes into focus. His car is sitting in a snowbank, which explains why everything’s white.
They all bundle up, Cas just throwing on his coat over the Santa outfit, and tromp behind Gabriel out of the building. The dog runs right for a snowdrift and plunges into it.
Cas shrugs. “All of my family is here already.”
Dean’s eyes narrow, and Cas looks like he’s bitten into a lemon. “Meg.”
Dean shrugs. "No idea, 's not like I've ever owned an animal, ya know?" The microwave goes off again and he cuts up his portion before restarting it. "What's her personality like?"
the maps. Got it?”
"Well, we still do have to worry about black bears."
"Yeah, that's what I thought. Well, I've still got work to do in the front yard, so I'm going to leave the front door open. You're welcome to come join me whenever you like. Or not. Whatever." Dean pushes himself off the frame and leaves the room, stopping in the bathroom to wash the blood from his hands before he heads into the kitchen for a bowl that he fills with water. He sets the bowl down in Cosmos' corner of the porch and gets back to work.
"Alright, well. What are we gonna do about it?"
"Pfft, you're my kid. Everyone will love you."
"We'll see when we get there, I suppose," Castiel murmurs. Dean sighs in agreement.
"Is Cas gonna go away?" she asks in a small voice. "Like Mama did?"
Michael's face twists in a snarl, and he casts a cantrip at her. It bounces back in his face and knocks him on his ass.
Dean shakes his head in bemusement. Weird guy, what with the collection of patterned coffee mugs. Nice, though. Easy on the eyes, too, Dean can admit to himself. He wanders back into the kitchen-slash-dining room and savors his coffee, letting it wake up the parts of his brain the PT didn’t. Once Dean drains the mug, he rinses it and puts it upside down to dry in the sink. He takes a shower then checks his phone. It’s close enough to seven he decides that Sam won’t murder him, so he calls his little brother to fill him in.
They explore each other for long minutes until Dean starts to whimper and rock his hips, brushing their erections together. Pleasure, lust, and affection spark through Castiel's body when he pulls back and cards a hand through Dean’s hair.
He leaps forward, snapping at Abbadon's face, making her flinch and back up more. Dean limps over to Castiel.
"Oh God," Sam breaths as Gabriel runs to the house.
Dean shrugs. "Eh, fair point." He takes a drink of his own rum and coke and leans his head on Charlie's shoulder. "I just wish I knew how Cas feels about everything going on."
Well, that doesn’t sound good. “What happened?”
A chorus of "Mama!" echoed in the room as everyone's heads whipped toward the bed where Missouri was hugging Jack to her chest and smiling. Dean raised the bed a little so that she was sitting up and once she was settled again, she waved her hand at Emma.
Dean grinned to himself and shook his head. Missouri was called the town 'physic' for a reason. "I'm not, for now. That's Lydia's story to tell her daughter why she doesn't want to have anything else to do with her."
Cas’ shoulders slump. “Thank you, Dean. And yes, salad sounds good.” He takes a seat as Dean gets everything out, dishing up the salad first and passing it and the dressing to Cas.
“Yes, she’s good at that. She got in late last night and then kept me up until about three hours ago. Gabe’s been outside since she got here, too. He’s afraid of her.”
"Miss Mills, Uncle Sam is here, do you want to talk to him?" Jack nodded and handed the phone to Sam.
Dean looked over to see a blurry Jo standing next to him. "Hey, Jo. My little sister." He reached out and patted her cheek. "I missed you guys so much."
Ellen huffs a laugh. "Sure is. It's even worse when..." She trails off, and a flash of sadness passes over her face. Meg stays silent, letting Ellen work through the pain. "Anyway," Ellen says with forced brightness, "Come help me in the kitchen if you don't mind. That many people create more dishes than should be legal." Meg grins and pushes away from the table, eager to help.
“What’s up, Cas?”
Dean sighs. "Damn it, Cas. Do you always have to do things the hard way?"
Lisa narrows her eyes at him as he gets off the stool. “You’re still in love with him, aren’t you?”
"I mean, he's not mine. Sammy needed somewhere for him to stay while he's recovering and all that."
After breakfast, they decide to settle in on the couch and watch mindless TV, and they rock-paper-scissors it out and settle on
Emma grinned at Missouri. "I love you, Mama."
Dean laughed. "You got it, Bobby."
"Awesome. Just get me the types of ID you'll need and the details to flesh them all out, and I'll get in contact with him as soon as I have it."
"How?" Dean splutters.
"No, it's not. Adults shouldn't be airing their dirty laundry in front of the kids, and Lydia was determined to do so. I'll make sure it doesn't happen again."
Jack nodded and hastily swallowed his bite. "Yup, and she lets me help pick weeds now that the plants are big enough I can tell the difference between good and bad ones."
Cas cleared his throat. "Well. Make sure you order dessert. Just to spite everyone who's looking at you, for whatever reason." He pushed his chair back and perched his hat back on his head. "Well, I'm going to collect my lunch from Ellen. It was good to see you again, Dean."
Castiel gives him a gummy smile, and Dean feels his heart flutter a little. “It was my pleasure. It’s nice to get to cook for someone other than just me for once. You must tell me if there’s something specific you’d want for a future dinner. I love cooking, but when the only other people that will eat with me are my sister and niece—and that’s rare since Aunt Collete can out-cook me any day—well...” He shrugs.
"Hey. So that was fun," Dean says as they draw up to Castiel's room.
Dean pats Gabe on the head, pushing down the tightness in his chest at Castiel’s words. “He can stay with me until she leaves.”
Dean sighs. “Lisa, why don’t you stick with Gabe here.” He makes a face at Gabe. “Gabe, why don’t you tell her… Oh! Tell her why you are the way you are! Someone deserves to know, after all!”
“What can I do to help?” she says when she’s done, and Dean loves this woman with everything he has.
The bell jingles and draws Claire to the counter, so Dean finishes his coffee and muffin. He busses his table for the next person once he’s finished. He waves to Claire then ducks out of the cafe. As he meanders toward Bobby’s shop, he thinks.
They wait until the growls fade before Dean lays back down and wiggles back into his spot. Cosmos is panting when he can see her again, and Dean can smell blood in the air now.
Her hand shook as she laid it on his cheek. Tears dripped down Dean's face when she went limp. He grabbed up her hand and rocked her back and forth. "Mama, wake up! Wake up! Mama! Mama, please. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. No. No. No…"
“Lasagna,” Dean says as he gets a helping out of the pan. He plunks it onto a plate, then sticks it in the microwave.
Dean sighs.
“Ah, it seems I owe her a thanks, then. I was actually laughing over Colette’s use of air quotes,” he demonstrates, to Anna’s laughter, “not the theme.”
Dean shrugs. "Me 'n Cas had a good run last night. Found some good trails for whitetail. Do we have everything we need if we do manage to pull a few down?"
Castiel rubs a hand over his face, trying to dispel the images of Dean's terror-stricken face from his mind. "To put it bluntly, screaming nightmares."
And the rest of the team starts chanting with him. "Food! FOOD!"
“Son of a bitch,” he snarls, whipping his head around to glare at the dark-haired man in the passenger seat. “What a Dick,” he growls.
Cas blinks at him. "Someone should warn her about your temper."
They jump back into the Dodge, and Dean peels out, speeding down the highway towards the biggest damn tornado either of them has ever seen. "'Nother half mile?" Cas asks Dean.
A wave of affection colors Dean's voice.
"Jody brought him in last night. She found him in a tied-up garbage bag that someone had left on the side of the road and brought him right to me."
Cas’ eyebrows shoot up in surprise. “Are—are you sharing information with me?”
Cas' attention is riveted on the cloud behind them now. "Dean," urgency makes his throat tight. "Any time would be great!"
To his credit, Benny
Dean and Zanna are nowhere to be seen, and none of the other wolves remembers seeing them in the woods after the attack started, either. With sudden clarity, Castiel knows what's happened.
She lifts her head from her arms and looks at him. "I'm so sorry, Dean. Gabe-"
Michael squeezes him as tight as he can. "You're family. Nothing would have stopped me from coming." He slaps Castiel on the back and steps away. "Now, you take care of your omega. If you don't, I'll come steal him from you," he says with a twinkle in his eye so that Castiel knows that he's (mostly) joking. Castiel playfully growls back at him and escorts them to the car, then watches as they drive away.
Dean shrugged. "Mama, I can't help it. I got lucky with you. I can't imagine someone walking away from their kid for any reason, you know?"
“Two pills,” Gabe helpfully pipes up.
“She didn't.”
"NAKED," Gabe says over him. "And Cas is yelling at him to get out of the way cause he's in the frame. And Dean—Dean just strolls right up to the twister and says, 'have a drink!'. And he
“Brotha, are you sure we should be responding to this call? What if-"
“Maybe. Gotta run it by Cas though.” He tosses the broccoli into a bowl and starts on carrots.
"HANG ON!" he yells as the three tornadoes converge on the truck, spinning them around and around, the sound of shrieking filling the air. Dean braces his hands against the roof of the cab and closes his eyes. He grits his teeth when he hears Lisa scream in fear, and all he can do now is hope the truck is stout enough these little twisters can't pick it up and toss it like a toy.
Bobby just snorts at him. "Boy, we
Dean shrugs, "Dude, I have no idea."
Cas cradles Dean’s face in his hands. “It means, you silly man, that I choose you. I always have. But I see now, after some help,” he nods behind Dean, “that I never made that clear to you, and Meg’s actions didn’t help. I’m staying here, Dean. I choose you and River’s Crossing.”
Dean ran his hand down his face and sighed. "Mama's in the hospital." Sam gasped and Dean spoke over him. "She's alright, but she's had a stroke."
The girl is quiet until just before Dean finishes his muffin. “Are you hiding from the church crowd?”
The Leviathan Storm Team’s mobile lab is wider than the Windstars, and as it comes up beside Dean, it swerves at him, forcing the Dodge off the road. “God fucking damn it!” Dean yells, dropping the mic. They hit some pipes laid out on the side of the road, likely for some construction project, the pipes popping up and clanking against the undercarriage. “Hold on, Lis!” A slew of profanity leaves his mouth as he fights with the truck, a pop making him groan. He fights with the truck, trying to get her back on the road until finally, they screech to a halt in the middle of the two-lane road. Cas’ caravan comes to a stop, and his old team comes streaming back to him to check on him and help him change his fucking tire.
She butts him in the chin and rubs her cheeks all over his face. He splutters and pushes her face away before he gets cat hair up his nose. "Dude."
Gabriel blows out a breath and rakes his hands through his honey-colored hair. "If anyone can keep this pack on an even keel, it's Dad."
Dean snorts and goes boneless in relief.
Dean can feel a wave of anger in him rising rapidly at the antagonistic asshole in front of him. "Look, dude. I don't know who you are, and honestly, I don't give a fuck. She's laid down her terms, and if you want to get in her pants-"
"Whaddya mean, 'what am I gonna do'? I'm gonna lock myself in the heat room and do what I always do," he responds as he fills his bag up.
"I don't know."
“Yeah, yeah, whatever, jerk. Leave me a message, though, gonna be in court all day.” Dean hears Sam murmur to Eileen and the soft sound of a kiss before he continues. “Sorry, saying bye to Eileen.”
"Yes," Castiel breaths and closes the distance. Their mouths slot together, and Castiel swears he can feel fireworks going off in his brain.
Dean shakes his head.
“Is he at least dreamy?”
Dean nods. He tilts his head to something in the distance in front of them. "Look at that, Cas. It didn't take the house."
to him about it?”
"They’re in exam two."
"Oh, I'm so sorry, little one."
Nothing.
She shook her head and started talking gibberish at Dean. She tried to take a step and started to fall.
Dean pulls back, and Castiel can see the glint in his eye as he responds, “This is very OK, Cas.”
As the day goes by, Dean keeps himself busy, even after getting kicked out of Bobby’s place. He helps out at the fair when asked, runs errands for Colette, and keeps a bunch of kids entertained by throwing snowballs for Gabe. It’s a good afternoon.
offering. “Yes. Both, please,” he says as he buries his nose in the mug, inhaling the steam gratefully.
Cas throws up his hands and extracts himself from the brunette. “Meg, we haven't dated in years! What has gotten into you?” he shouts.
Dean thinks about it all the way into his dreams that night.
He's cut off by a slap to the back of his head, knocking him out of his pseudo-rage. He rubs the back of his head and glares at Missouri, only to shrink back from a glare of her own.
, haven't really been all that interested in me the last few days. I have no idea where my cat is since I'm fairly sure she's running away from them all day, but they are at least leaving me alone for once."
He just hoped that he would be able to continue to not be a deadbeat like his old man.
She purrs, pleased with herself. She's never been a violent person, but Michael, well. He deserves every bit of what she gave him and more.
Claire comes over and pushes the hair back from her head. "You're alright."
"Hey Jude, don't make it bad, take a sad song, and make it better. Remember to let her into your heart; then you can start to make it better."
“I want to meet her,” Cas replies.
"Yeah, it's not like the bloating, cramps, and smelling like a buffet to every un-mated alpha isn't bad enough. And I don't even
"You've scared that kid for life."
"What gave it away?"
They jerk back and forth across the road, avoiding the shit that the tornado is tossing aside as it churns on.
Being out on the ice is a whole different ball game, however. Dean feels a lot like Bambi as he slides out. Cas, the bastard, looks like he was born with skates on as he glides out and circles around Dean. He does, as he expected, end up on his ass more often than not, but by the time they decide to pack it in for the night, his sides hurt from laughing, his face from smiling, and his heart just about entirely belongs to the quirky, dark-haired teacher in River’s Crossing.
“Yup.” Dean pats his breast pocket. “Discharge orders are here in my pocket, and I’ve got copies in my carry-on.”
Emma just looked down and shrugged. "Come on, the line is moving to go in, let's go."
“I take it that means that old coot Bobby is taking care of your car, then?” Dean nods, and the woman hurries on. “Well, I’m Naomi Novak, mayor of River’s Crossing. So you’ll be staying through Christmas, then?”
She pointed to the chair in front of her desk. "Please sit down. Did you bring your resume in with you?"
Dean shudders and puts Baby back into drive and heads back into town. He stops at Harvelle's Tavern and waves at Ellen.
"Yup, I'm out. Cas, holler if you need anything." She gently shuts the door on her way out.
Castiel snorts at their antics, watching as Zanna flicks her tail in and out of range of Charlie's jaws.
Cosmos sneezes and licks one of her front paws before she starts washing her face and ears.
Outside, the wind was howling, and the rain was coming down so hard that it hurt. Lightning struck a tree as they ran past, tearing a scream from him. He couldn’t even hear it—the wind whipped it right out of his mouth and sucked it up into the night air. Dean pulled Sammy as close as he could and pulled a flap of his crocheted blanket over his head, making the baby cry out in protest.
They look at each other, worried. Sun's just gone down, and now the warning for tornadoes had dropped down to nill.
Missouri cupped his cheek. "What for, honey?"
Cas sighs, and then Dean's head snaps forward from the force of her hand meeting the back of his head. "Dean Winchester, you utter idiot."
He blanches a little at the total (
Two rings later, and Sam answers. “Hey, Dean, what’s up?”
Dean felt someone press into the back of his legs and twisted around to check who it was. Emma stared up at him. "Who is that, Dad?"
Dean looks at the wind chimes, watching how they seem to float in the air even while being held down. "Oh," he breathes. "Of course!"
“Yes, Dean. Good things do happen, sometimes. And-” Cas’ eyes twinkle. “I wouldn't have said it if I didn't mean it.”
"Well," Crowley drawled, looking Dean up and down. "You look like a strapping lad. I figure I'll have you on the sales floor for the most part. Send you out for when someone needs help putting stuff together, stuff like that."
Dean takes the bag and pushes it towards Cosmos, projecting calm to jump-start the spell in the herbs.
“Dean?”
Dean sagged. "Alright. Let's do this then."
They make their way through the underbrush and break out of the trees at the edge of a small stream, and Castiel stops, taking in the stream bed. "Wow, this is really pretty."
In the distance, they see the Leviathan crew drawing up close to the tornado. Cas tilts his head. "They've got position. They could do it."
Dean gets the truck turned around and heads back just as the rest of the funnel turns. They drive for a few minutes in silence until Lisa's phone rings. She digs it out and starts talking to it quietly.
"Oh, pretty sure they aren't worth that much." He shifted his focus back to the food on the grill. "Just reflecting on family. You know how it is."
"Ah," she says. "Well, from what I could see of your yard your little project looks like it's moving right along."
"She doesn't want me anymore, does she?"
That actually makes sense to Lisa, so she nods. “But how does it do that?”
"Cas, wait!"
Shrieking assaulted Dean's ears when he stepped in the back door, causing him to wince as he ducked into the kitchen. He dropped a kiss to Missouri's upturned cheek and put the cheese and meat in the fridge. "Smells good in here, Mama."
to sell your items, not working here selling everyone else's."
"Well, don't be leaving me in suspense, sugar. What happened after Jess knocked Lydia out?" She slurred her words a little, but her eyes twinkled.
, the only thing he remembers from talking with his little brother’s wife at the moment.
Castiel rumbles low in his throat, soothing Dean into a half doze. They lay there until the snap of a twig catches Cas' attention.
Dean's voice is sheepish when he answers. "
“This is gonna be so good!” she says, jumping up and down in glee.
"Hang back a sec. We've got a pretty good view from back here. She could shift her track, and if she does, she's gonna plow right into you. Copy?"
“Like I said, I don't know if I believe in God, per se. But, I choose to believe something bigger than all of us
"It's OK," Jack said.
Cosmos growls.
"Go take care of our boy, Alpha. I'll send Zanna up once she's clean and ready to sleep."
Castiel laughs, eyes twinkling. “No. Although if you want to-”
"Yup," she said, popping the 'p'. "As long as it's done before you sign this, you still legally live there. So I need you to make me a list of everything you want to be saved and a description of the furniture. I'll get in contact with a mover up there I know - his name is Gabe and he'll be more than happy to help you with this - and arrange it to be shipped down here so it's in your possession. As your lawyer starting now, I advise you to not sign these papers until then. Got it?"
Missouri swatted him away from the pot and out of the kitchen. "Out. I know what you're up to, and I'll not be having you eatin' up all the cheese before it makes it to the pot. Go set the table."
"Understandable." He shifts his weight, and she turns back to the sink. "My um. My mother is on her way with the Novak pack."
He drains the rest of the mug and sets it in the sink, feeling marginally more awake as he makes his way back to the bedroom. He pulls on a pair of his soft and torn-up work jeans and throws on a white t-shirt and grabs a pair of socks before he stops in the bathroom to swipe on some deodorant. He makes his way to the kitchen and roots around for his Coleman thermos. He makes up this batch of coffee with a little cream and sugar before pouring it into the thermos and closing it tightly and screwing the travel cup back on top. Fuel in hand, he makes his way into the living room and pulls his socks and boots on. He puts his wallet in his back pocket and grabs his keys before he remembers his phone is still in the bedroom. He jogs back to the room, swipes it up and slips it in his other back pocket and after a moment's deliberation grabs his Bluetooth earbuds too, before he makes his way back to the front door, grabs the thermos, and lets himself out into the morning air.
"Joanna Beth. Damn girl, it's good to see you."
Gabe waves him off. "Nah, man. I get the feeling from the conversations I've had today you had every right to bow up at me. I was coming off shifty as hell and you were just trying to protect Cassie."
In a position that Dean hadn’t even known Sam was interested in until just now.
“Um, well. Gabe’s my boyfriend. And um, he, uh. Took some Viagra.”
"Your wolf stopped her."
The radio station playing 90's country switched from the station identification to a new song right as Dean finished putting the cooked burgers on the plate, and Cas leaned over and bumped the volume up before turning to Dean.
Castiel chews on this information while Charlie and Zanna play in a grotto the youngster had found. An acorn pings off the side of his head, shaking him out of his thoughts. He looks over at Zanna, who giggles and darts into the brush. In return, he grumbles at her, an invitation to play. She bounds back out and leaps onto his back, shrieking in glee when he rolls over and tries to squish her under his body. After a few minutes of the impromptu wrestling match, Charlie joins in, switching sides at will until finally, all three are spent. The flop down together in a pile, gasping for breath.
pings his brain. "You're a shifter?"
“You OK, there?” Dean checks as he continues scanning the wing.
"Honey, you aren't late, Charlie just came by early for the cards to talk to her." She patted the space next to her and he sat down, huffing a sigh of relief.
When he woke up, he groaned and felt a small body next to his shift. He curled around his daughter and buried his nose in her hair. "Hey punkin’," he murmured.
“Out of all of the things my father created, I think the first snowfall is my favorite,” he says as he comes to a stop next to Dean.
Cas took the offered seat and tipped his hat Dean's way. "Good turn out."
"Hey boys," Jo said as she sat two glasses and a pitcher of beer in front of them. She backhanded Dean in the shoulder. "Dean, you had best stand up and give me a hug."
Dean growls under his breath. "What did he do?"
Cas looks down at him, then back up at the sky. “I’m fine. You see the sky today? Gorgeous.”
"You got it? She ready?" Cas asks as Dean jumps down to the road.
Dean shudders. “Yeah, I just had to
Dean grins and throws his head back in a howl, one that Cas plays counterpoint to.
This really is a thing. Working dogs get adopted out to eligible persons who can handle them so they can retire and live out their life as just a dog. The way it’s depicted in this story, though, is so far from the truth it’s not even funny. That being said, meh. It’s a story. Suspend belief with me for a little bit. For more information about MWD Adoptions, please visit the
"No, she's all the way at the back against the house."
"We're going in!" Dean yells.
"Dean, I think that's a wonderful name," she says softly. She reaches past him and pops the microwave open and pats him on the arm. "Come on, come eat and tell me about this ward you mentioned earlier."
The rest of the week passes mostly the same. Dean gets home and feeds Cosmos. They hang out for a few hours before Cosmos decides to abandon him to go do whatever cats do, and then Dean putters around the house or yard until either it's time for him to crash or Cas comes over, and they hang out while having dinner. She seems to be more relaxed as well, and he comments on it Thursday night.
“Thanks.” Dean takes the envelope and moves over to the Jeep’s hood, flipping through each page to make sure they are all signed in the right places.
She leans forward between the seats. "Battle zone?” she asks again. “What's that mean?"
Cas spins on his heel, heading to his yellow 1982 Jeep pickup truck. “Is it Linda?”
"You know, "Charlie muses to Meg as they watch Benny and Zanna play, "We never really expected you to stick around here."
"Oh, honey. Honey. 'My cup runneth over.'" She leaned over and hugged Emma tightly. "Say, haven't you got a birthday coming up here pretty soon? You want to tell Grandma what you wish for?"
She’s not going anywhere under her own power tonight, not without working lights.
Castiel swipes at the beta a few times, but he doesn't give up, and Charlie joins in, poking him in the ribs until he gives up and gets to his feet. He lets them lead him outside and chivvy him into his wolf form, accomplished by Ash shifting and nipping him on the ass until he shifted too. His wolf takes over a little after that, joining the other two in a game of chase.
night last night?”
"Dean!" Gabe yells. "Come on! We gotta go!"
The dude turns around and swaggers over to Dean with a leer on his face as he rakes his gaze over Dean's body. "Why, yes, I am. And you are?"
Missouri nodded. "I know. I'm glad Sonny got hold of me when everything went down with your dad."
Meg huffs out a sigh of relief. "That is good news. I know that I have a little I would have loaned you, but I'm not sure it would have put a dent in even restocking this kitchen, let alone anything else that needs to be replaced."
Rosemary, basil, and sage are plants that he often uses, both mundane and in his Craft, so the new plants will be useful as well as protective. He might even be able to bundle them for smudging and hand them over to Cas to sell at the bookshop. Dean hums Metallica as he works, and as the sun gets higher in the sky, he starts shedding layers. Sweat is dripping down his face by the time lunch rolls around, so he decides to lose his undershirt and hose himself off before he goes inside. He's just standing up and reaching for his t-shirt, water dripping down his torso, when he catches sight of Cosmos again.
Dean sits. He may be hurt by Cas keeping stuff from him, but he'd like to think he's far from stupid. Most of the time.
Dean grumbles and moves his head so he can glare at Castiel. He worms his way under the covers before he returns to his human form and pops his head out. "I understand there's food? And why the hell is there dirt all over the bed?"
Missouri shrugged as she hung the towel on the oven handle to dry. "Everyone doesn't matter, only me and my family." She sat down next to Dean and pulled him into a hug. "Sweetheart, I learned a long time ago that it's not worth it to give a damn what 'everyone else' thinks. It's not worth my time or my energy. You gotta make you happy, honey, and everyone else can fall in line or get out of the way. Plus I got plenty of friends here, people who are just extended family."
Dean shoved his chair back and ran into the kitchen. "Mama?"
Castiel tilts her head to the side and squints at Dean. "Why is this such a sore subject for you? Not knowing I have a cat?"
doing the analysis. I'm running the lab."
Cas groaned. "Dammit, no I don't."
They climb into the Impala, Zuzu in the back, and Dean flexes his hands around the steering wheel. “Man, it’s good to be back in this car.”
Cas helps him up from the concrete floor as his joints, knees especially, protest the movement.
this," he snarls. Abbadon's ears go flat against her head as she backs away from the larger wolf, following the tugging Meg is still doing to her leg.
"Alpha." And it's the title, not the subgender, that she's using. Dean feels the hair on his arm stand up when Cas' fur brushes against his back when he looks up at the redhead. "Alpha, you didn't cause any harm by doing what you did. On the contrary, we've been trying to get rid of her and her goons for as long as she's been here."
"What the fuck? I should be asking you that, running off when my sister's been hurt. Leaving her there in your bed with no way to get back to her place? After she's told you the one thing, she doesn't tell anyone? And now I find you here drinking yourself stupid?"
“Bobby,
They settle into a rhythm for the next few days. The pack visits off and on through the day, and the two shifted creatures pile on top of Dean at night. When Dean's heat is over, Castiel goes back to work, and Joshua corners Dean in the kitchen.
Dean narrows his eyes. “Okaaaay.” He draws out the word, but Sam just hums and asks him to tell Eileen so they can be ready to go as soon as he gets there, then hangs up.
“No, you don’t.” Dean stops and darts back to the Jeep. “Jesus,” he mutters, grabbing the papers before the wind blows them away and runs to catch up to Cas.
"MAMA!" Dean bolted up in bed, twinging something in his back. He grimaced and looked around for his pajama pants (he wears boxers to bed because PJ pants get all tangled, thank you very much) before finding them at the end of the bed. He snatched them up and hopped around, trying to get his legs shoved into them without falling over. He stalked over to the window and ripped the curtain back to see Castiel out in the backyard with a tiller. His mouth went dry at the sight of the man's arms as he wrestled with the machine, keeping it in line and under control.
“Nope, sorry, handmaiden. It’s a family secret and only passed along to the blood-related.”
“Nothing changes,” Cas muses.
Dean parks the car and waves to the guy on the training field, right before he gets pulled down by a flying fur missile. Dean laughs, then ducks into the passenger side, drags the box out, and heads inside.
They hit a pothole, and Dean grunts. “No.” He shoots a look over at Lisa. “Why? Do I look like I’m nervous?”
Dean chuckles under his breath, and they converse about what their next steps in dealing with Chuck are going to be until Dean curses.
"I'm sorry."
“Oh, she won’t care. Mom, though, she might eat you alive.” Anna winks and hands him another coffee.
Dean hums, gripping Cas’ hips and pushing his chair away from the table. Once he’s clear, he tugs Cas closer. “I’m glad you liked it.”
Kevin hands over the order ticket and Dean takes a look, mentally prepping to get everything he needs. Kevin smiles at him hesitantly, so Dean pats him on the shoulder again and sends him back out to the front of the store. Dean stops and pulls out his phone to send a text to Cas before he leaves the office.
Dean snorts. “Yeah, I can’t talk too much since I still call my little brother Sammy. He’s 25 and tells me all the time ‘
"Dick, don't be an ass-" He cuts off as Dean stops the truck and leans forward. "What, do you see them?"
It's one by the time the kitchen is clean and everything is in its place and Dean checks over the front of the shop to make sure everything is locked down before he heads home.
"I've missed this," Dean murmured into Cas' ear. "Missed you." He felt Cas’s hand on his hip tighten in response. "It hurt, all those years ago when you pulled away, and I didn't know why. You were my best friend and then… nothing." He tightened his grip on Cas’s hand.
Dean plunked a kiss on her head as he plated a pancake for her and set the syrup down. "Mornin' sweetheart. Need help with your hair this morning?"
Dean's happy as a pig in shit here though. It's a small town, but the people here care about each other in ways that he's not found anywhere else. And with the addition of finding his best friend in the whole world in Castiel when they moved here, well.
one. Dean may lean more towards women in general, but he's known he was bi since before he came to Smithville the first time. And grown-up Cas was pushing
"Oh?"
Dean grimaces. “Not really.”
She waves him off. “Whatever. Oh look, the bottle blonde is here, too!”
Cas left shortly after the phone call ended, promising to stop by again as soon as he could so they could continue working on the yard. Dean showered and wandered down to the kitchen dressed in a clean pair of jeans and a t-shirt. He kissed Missouri on the cheek as he passed her and grabbed a beer from the refrigerator.
"Mmm, you won't. They all go through the agency these days."
Dean slinks into the room and gingerly takes a seat on the bed a few feet away from Castiel. His wolf takes notice, and he can’t help but mentally rolls his eyes at the beast's antics.
When he wakes up again, the kitten is standing on his chest, glaring at him, and the sun is streaming into his room. He yawns and sits up after Fury jumps onto the bed. He stretches his arms above his head and groans when his back pops.
Castiel shakes his head in bemusement as he heads towards the kitchen to let Ellen know where they are going. Message delivered, he ducks into his room and shucks his clothing before shifting and slipping out the front door. The red wolf and puma cub are already waiting for him, and Zanna leaps at him, licking his muzzle before whirling around and streaking off into the forest. Charlie and Castiel follow her at a more sedate pace.
Zanna squeaks with glee and dashes off through the underbrush. Castiel looks concerned when Dean looks back at him, so he waves the alpha off. "She just found out we're getting to go home. She'll meet us there and probably be mostly packed by the time we get there."
“You got it.”
"The red truck going right towards the core!"
Castiel startles, Dean's yell breaking the spell he's been locked under. He darts to the side, just before the cow's hooves crash down inches from where he'd been standing.
!” he rips the hem of his shirt out of his jeans and dance around, trying to get the snow out before it melts into his jeans. Gabe follows him around, snapping at the snow as it falls out.
It's not a question. His mom knows him too well, and Dean's almost certain that one of his employees ratted him out.
She draws back again and grips his hands. "I don't really feel like talking about anything else today, but..." she trails off and bites her lip, looking down.
Dean snorts awake, nose twitching in the cold air. Why is he- oh yeah. His brain catches up with him, and he grins, remembering exactly why he’s in the living room. The air is colder in here now that the fire has gone out.
Castiel’s only response is a nod, and another groan as Dean starts a circular motion with his thumbs. He can feel the muscles in his wings relaxing as Dean makes his way along the right wing out to the alula.
The machine gurgles and hisses, sending the aroma of roasted beans floating through the kitchen. Dean’s just taken the first sip of his coffee when Cas stumbles into the room. He almost inhales the murky liquid as his brain short-circuits.
“This is everything. Technically, you’re still on active duty until you get to the states and finish out-processing, so stay in uniform until then. You got someone meeting you in North Carolina?”
"You got it, baby bro. Get some more sleep; I'll see you when you wake up again." Gabriel wiggles back then stands up, grabbing the luggage sitting just outside the living room, and disappears down the hall.
Cas raises his eyebrow at Dean. “I said
"Did it stall?" Cas asks.
"Cas, take the flashlight. Be careful."
that stuff?"
He turns and starts making his way over to the Doppler, stopping and greeting everyone who comes up to him. Garth Fitzgerald steps away from his station wagon and runs up to him, catching him in a rib-crushing hug.
"You slaughter your own cows. Nice, Missouri!" Gabe says as Dean comes into the dining room.
Dean shakes his head and slaps Marv on the shoulder. "You know as well as I do that's not how I operate. Now get yourself down and see Charlie. She'll get you set up with whatever else you need."
!" Castiel snarls. He surges to his feet, and the room is tinted in red as he continues. "I should have-"
Saturday after Dean got off of work, Cas dropped by and bullied Dean into leaving the house for 'fun'. Cas pushed Dean along the front walk, waving to Missouri as they went. Dean grumbled as he climbed into the truck, but let up as Cas pulled away.
"I know you were in the room. Did you all sleep together?"
“Do you mean it?” he asks, touching their foreheads together.
of those flying death traps.” They bicker all the way to the luggage carousel and out to the garage where Garth is parked.
A week after Missouri's stroke found Dean back at work. Garth and Crowley both were happy to have him back and he settled back into the flow of the store.
He looks up at Dean.
She guided him through the paperwork he needed to fill out before sitting back in her chair. "Alright, let’s get you down to the store."
“Yeah, prolly shouldn’t complain, huh? There’s worse things, after all.” He shields his eyes and scans the Afghan desert landscape. Yep, still a bunch of sand.
He drops the ice cream off on the coffee table, casting a keep-cold charm on it, and jumps into the shower to wash the flour off him. He forgoes regular clothing in favor of comfortable pajama pants and an old t-shirt with a pair of nerdy socks Charlie got him for Christmas a few years ago that is covered in Death Stars. Finally, he plops down on the couch, wraps himself in the blankets draped across the back of it, hits play on the movie, and digs into the ice cream.
“What are you, my mom?” Dean laughs when Sam stops to take a breath.
"Oh, my gods." Charlie sits up, and Dean falls over, squawking. "Dean, you are a class A idiot sometimes, you know that?"
Dean wraps an arm around him and tugs him into his side. “You ok, sweetheart?” he murmurs into Cas’ hair.
“Yes, Dean. See you in about thirty minutes.”
Gabe looks at her oddly. "What's wrong?"
Dean grins and feels a blush spreading across his face. “Aw. Thanks, Cas.”
He finally sees the rift shimmering in the distance and stumbles to a stop, leaning against a tree to catch his breath. He looks around but sees no sign of Dean. He slumps against the tree and slides down to the forest floor, feeling the twinging of his wings in the other plane and the pain of his dislocated shoulder as his rump hits the ground.
Cas pales. He keys the mic. "Dick? This is Cas. Can you hear me?"
After staring at him for a few seconds, she sullenly turns and gets the mug, fills it, turns back, and plunks it down on the counter. When she does the same with the muffin, it's all Dean can do to
The reporter - Stephanie, he thinks - nodded and grinned at him. "You got it." She looked over the furniture Dean's got strewn across the shop. "He's got a hell of a talent. Boston doesn't usually get to see work like this."
"The brush!" Dean yells as Cas mutters under his breath. "What's beyond the brush? A bridge, a wall, a bearded lady, what?"
Dean is one-hundred percent smitten. He’s gotta be.
"Got a box you can flatten?" Sam asks. Dean hears his car door slam as he looks around.
Dean raises his head off the pillow and squints at his bedside table when the opening drum riff of Iggy Pop's
“Mmm, it may have been your idea, but it was unrealized. We at Leviathan-”
“Great, actually. Claire’s finally getting comfortable with her studies and she feels confident that she’ll be able to ace her finals.”
“You… followed my dog?”
His lovely sister-in-law nails him in the face again, then takes off down the hall, cackling like a banshee.
"Help me!"
Lisa’s eyebrows furrow. “You don’t think so?”
“We do every year. Those toys are for next year, though, since this year’s toys are already gone.”
"Cosmos," he swallows hard. "Have you been leaving this around my house?"
Cole closed his eyes in shame. He dropped his head, tucked his metaphorical tail between his legs, and ran.
Cas bites her lip and surges into him, wrapping her arms around his waist and burying her nose in his collar bone. "Why won't he just leave me alone, Dean? Gods above, I am tired of idiot males thinking they know what I want better than I do. I’m at my wit's end."
Dean hurried into the man's office, wiping sweat from his forehead. "What's up, boss?"
Dean takes up the explanation. “These sensors go up into the funnel and radio back all sorts of information to us. Wind speed, flow, the internal structure. We could learn more about one tornado in thirty seconds than we have in the past thirty years.” He laughs. “We could get a profile of a tornado for the first time in recorded history.”
Recognition flits across her face. “Oh, you’re the guy who tried to do a Han Solo and become an icicle. Bobby!” she yells through the open door. “The Impala’s here!”
Dean packs another snowball for Gabe and shrugs. “I was. Until he kicked me out, anyway.”
The afternoon passes with no further interruptions, and Dean is able to get the trench for the wire fully dug out, and the plants into their respective places before the sun sets. He puts everything away and as he's coming out of the shed where he stores his tools, he catches sight of Cas getting out of her little Honda. He jogs over to her and wraps her up in a big hug, startling a laugh out of her before she wrinkles her nose and pushes him away.
“What the hell is the matter with you?” Dick says, dusting himself off.
Dean whistles. “Holy shit. You guys really
Dean does think about it.
Now, just a few hours from seeing his mom again, Dean's heart was trying to crawl its way out of his ribcage. He suddenly realized that he was scared.
"Oh my god, why did I drink that much?" Dean groaned into the crook of his arm.
“Well,” he says. “Put it on the calendar and we’ll call everyone and make it official.”
Feelings talk successfully diverted; they all finish their dinners, and Dean checks on the kitten, Mary and Cosmos hovering outside anxiously.
Then he feels the blast-
"Aw, you do love me!" Gabe grins and turns to Lisa. "You and me, right?"
Castiel shifts back and pulls on his boxers and jeans. "You're a very observant girl, Zanna. Alright, Dean, let me take a look at that leg."
Dean sniffled and wiped his nose on his sleeve. "Thanks, Mama." He drew back from his brother, who wisely didn't say anything. "It's good to see you too, Sammy."
Cas looks alarmed and turns away from Dean. “Jesus Christ, Dean, you left her with Gabe? What were you thinking?” He leaves the papers on the hood and starts jogging to where Gabe’s bus is parked.
Charlie looked down at her shirt that boldly proclaimed 'Han Shot First!' and grinned. "Thanks. This doesn't make you uncomfortable, does it?"
"Yeah, OK. I'll see you in a sec." The phone goes dead, and Dean sprints the short distance to the side entrance. He lets himself in and waves at Donna, who points him down the hallway.
She eventually finds him. She checks Zuzu over, gives Dean a thumbs up, then shoves Dean down into a chair so she can look
And that's just weird. Cosmos is just a cat and can't understand what he told her about Cas.
Lisa cocks her head. “But there are already warning systems in place.”
He takes the chance to take stock of his injuries. He’s a little banged up, but the dislocated shoulder and a gash above his eye are the worst of it. His Grace, however…
“Buddy, I have no idea how you’re handling the cold here with your short-ass fur. I mean, I’m from Kansas, and it gets cold as hell there, even snows in the winter sometimes, but it’s fuckin’ frigid here in the desert! I thought deserts were supposed to be hot!”
"OK," Castiel says, holding his hands up. "I won't come any closer. Are you out here alone?"
Right?
Dean slumps back in the seat. “Alright.”
"Alright baby. Now, you think you are done trying to relocate your toenails?"
And shit, Sam’s right. “Damn it. I didn’t even think about that. I’m sorry, Sam.”
Gabe peers into the viewfinder. "Whoo-hoo! Can you see them?"
Dean clutched Sammy to his chest, calling for Buddy as they ran down the stairs and out of the house, Mommy and Daddy right behind him. As they rushed through the living room, Dean heard the man on the TV say there was a very dangerous storm and to seek shelter.
“I don’t blame you,” Lisa continues. “I just hope this isn’t a last-ditch effort to keep him in your life.”
Dean tried his best to hide his shudder.
Dean felt surrounded by Cas, and he loved it.
Cas hummed and hooked his chin over Dean's shoulder. "Dinner looks almost done."
“Oh!” He jumps up and runs to a room down the hallway, and then Gabe shoots down the hallway like a rocket. He skids to a stop when he sees Dean, then he launches himself at Dean, whining.
They finish dinner swiftly after that, and Dean lets Benny know where they are going before they split off to their rooms to undress. Within ten minutes, Castiel is waiting in the backyard. He's sitting and studying the sky when Dean joins him.
"And Joshua?"
Dean pulls her into a hug. “Yeah, it’s fine.”
They listen to pop radio the whole two-plus hour drive—“Driver picks the music, Dean”—and Dean is beyond ready to get his baby and flee River’s Crossing as soon as he settles the bill with Bobby. He can’t help the lump in his throat when he sees the “Welcome to River’s Crossing” sign where he first met Gabe, though.
people avoid their entire lives!"
Jack, dressed in a green jumper with his face painted to match, looked up from his dinner plate and grinned around his bite of pot pie. "Ribbit."
"You got it, Boss," Claire says, and Charlie nods in agreement.
"Nah, I think Char's right. It's gonna show its ugly face right over that hill. Whaddya think, Cas?"
Viagra?”
On The Longest Night, Dean sits down on the bed and watches as Cas pulls everything down from the shelf and sets up a workspace on the floor. She scatters the candles around and Dean gets up to light them, accepting the smile and kiss in thanks. She settles down on the floor and lights the frankincense incense as Dean settles back down on the bed. He watches his girlfriend in the haze of the candlelight as she says her prayers for protection and good blessings for the new year, touching the incense stick to a pile of dried catnip until it flares and catches. The scent is a little weird and makes Dean wrinkle his nose.
“Hey,” Charlie says, taking his arm and steadying him.
It was a quiet and sober night.
Michael.
"No, it's not," Dean agreed, taking Cas in as he surveyed the people in the backyard. "Pretty damn lucky," he says quietly.
Dean blinks at the offer, a little nonplussed, then nods his agreement. “Yeah, if you’re cool with it, I mean.”
Cosmos saunters over to Dean and rubs across his shins.
Julia turned around and squealed. "Emma! It's up, it's up! It's up! The audition list is up! I hope I'm near the beginning."
Cas' lips thinned. "I'm sorry, Dean. I had no idea."
"Alright, little guy. You've got food and water here, and your litter box is over there. Got you a nice comfy bed right here and even one of my favorite shirts to lay on." He looks down at the kitten, who is looking up at him with his head tilted to the side, and grins. "So, I'm gonna get out of your fur and let you settle in."
"I'm fine; keep going!" Dean yells back as he struggles with a strap.
Castiel stretches the left wing out, pleased that there are no more twinges of pain. “It does appear that my wing is healed. But you don’t-”
And not just a man, but a fuckin’
For a moment, he's glad that whatever is going through Cas' head isn't affecting Cosmos. She hadn't been around the last few days, and he'd been afraid that Cas had locked her in the house or something. He pets her as he thinks, and he feels her purring against him. She stirs and looks up at him, blinking, before she head butts him and rubs her face in his stubble.
"Well, then. We should welcome the pack home properly."
Dean covered another yawn as he waved good-night to his brother. "Night Bitch."
“Can you put it back on the truck when you get it done?” Dale nods. “Thanks,” Dean says, turning around and heading back to the truck. He glares at the line of sleek black SUVs and vans across the street, surrounded by a gaggle of reporters. Thank
Emma was running down the stairs as Dean parked, and launched herself into his arms as soon as he slammed the door shut.
Clothes come off fairly quickly after that, Dean’s shirts flying off to the side, shoes to the floor at the end of the bed, and pants and underwear ending up somewhere other than where they started. Finally naked, Castiel settles back against the headboard and pulls Dean back into his lap, bringing him in for another kiss.
Dean holds his hand out for the dog to sniff. "Hey, dude."
“It’s exhilarating,” Cas says. “This is the first one in history, even though we’ve been studying them forever. No one truly knows what goes on
Sam doesn't take the bait. “Thanks, Dean. So,” he says, slyly. “When you gonna bring him home?”
she says. "
Dean rolls his eyes and lays his head back down on the grass.
At the house, Dean tugs Cas back from the bottom step to face him. He crowds up to Cas and bumps their noses together. “Hi.”
When the after-church crowd starts trickling in, the conversation falls to the side in favor of Claire taking care of customers. As Dean gets ready to leave, he makes sure to leave another ten-dollar bill on the table. He winks at Claire as he ducks out of the cafe.
Cas takes a sip of this one and his eyes water. “Oh goodness,” he says with a cough. “That one has way too much cinnamon in it.” Charlie scribbles down something on her notebook, and they continue down the line. At the end of it all, Charlie looks up with a grin on her face.
“Great,” Cas drawls. “Now I’ll have to give him a bath when we get home.” He sighs, a forlorn look on his face.
“Well, that happened,” Dean says wryly.
“Wow, you guys,” Dean says after inhaling his barbecue and Kentucky derby pie. “This is awesome.”
I don’t know for sure if there are any officers in the Marines that are dog handlers, I’ve only ever worked with the Army and Air Force. The dog handlers in those two branches were all enlisted (non-officer) personnel. The original story has Dean’s character as an officer though, so I went with it. It’s fiction, fuck it.
"I'll be right there. You OK?"
Dean opens his mouth but closes it again without saying anything, a thoughtful look on his face. “I don’t know.”
“I got it! I got it!” the frazzled college student shoots back.
A door slams behind him, and he hears Sam run up next to him as Cosmos' head pops up at the combination of sounds. She shivers and looks around wildly before her gaze lands on Dean. She trembles.
Dean looked over at Cas. "What do you mean, Lydia never cared for our friendship?" This was the first he'd ever heard of it.
Dean bumps his shoulder. “I’ll help. Can't be worse than some of the dogs I’ve dealt with over the years, and they’re trained to bite when provoked.”
"No shit, Sherlock."
Dean shudders. Marv is an older man who runs an editing company next door to Cas' used bookstore, Lost Titles, and has somehow gotten it into his head that Cas is in love with him. Cas has told him in no uncertain terms that she is
“Guess I should call Sammy, huh?” he asks the sleeping dog. He knows, without a doubt, that Sam will be happy to see him. Hell, they haven’t seen each other in person since Sam’s wedding to Eileen three years ago. It’ll be good to see the kid and his kick-ass wife again.
Castiel tilts his head from side to side for a few seconds, then smiles. “I like it. Much better than Cassie, as my family insists on calling me.”
He lets himself in and makes his way to the kitchen but stops short when he sees two bowls, a dog food bag, a pile of doggie clothing, and a note on the counter. He puts the bowls down and fills them, then picks up the note.
"There you are," he growls as he draws up next to Dean and smacks him on the back of the head.
Cas grins. "Yes, Dean, you can come in." She shuffles around on the couch to clear a spot for Dean to sit down and props her leg up on the coffee table.
Emma peeked around Dean's legs to take Castiel in. "He's pretty."
"I am not," he says, trying valiantly not to chuckle. "These mountains, and the Park, are well known for the black bear population." Meg squeaks, so he hurries to add, "But as long as you follow the guidelines the Rangers gave us, we'll be fine."
Dean sat up in bed and rubbed a hand down his face. "Yeah, sorry Lisa. What's up?"
Cas shakes his head empathetically. "No!"
Dean's breath left him in a gust. "Thank God."
glorious morning wood. Dean grinned lazily as he wiggled into Cas' erection and the man behind him retaliated by sinking his teeth into the back of Dean's neck.
Outside, Benny and Zanna just look at each other and grin.
She hummed and nodded. "Do what you need to do, honey. Tell Bobby to charge anything you need to my account." She patted his shoulder and stood up. "Potpie for dinner tonight?"
Colette smiles. “We wanted to let you know to go with snowflakes this year. They decided on a ‘classy winter wonderland’ theme.” Dean snorts a laugh at the use of the air quotes.
“On my way out after this, sir. I just wanted to drop off this last little bit,” Dean says, lifting the box.
Well, until today, anyway.
"Zanna's here too. She's in the kitchen with Charlie and Ellen, eating. You should, too, if you can shift."
Castiel snarks as he climbs to his feet and joins Meg in harassing the wolf away from them. Dean joins them on Castiel's right, and rocks begin pelting the brown wolf's hindquarters, likely a contribution from Zanna. Eventually, he's had enough and turns tail on them, darting back into the forest and running away as quickly as he can.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean breaths.
She shivers and runs faster through the yard and across the street.
Improvised Explosive Device. It’s a bomb made of shit that’s found laying around.
A raven lands next to her and lets Castiel lean on her to get her balance. She rubs her cheek on the raven's beak in thanks. With the two corvids steading her, they make their careful way back to the edge of the woods. It's slow, so slow, but eventually, the back of Dean's house is finally in view just after sundown.
In response, Jess pulls her phone out of her back pocket and navigates to her contacts. Dean can hear it ring a few times before Jess's face softens. "Hey, babe."
"'Bout time you got home, boy," Missouri called from the kitchen as he stepped in the front door.
Castiel nods, working his throat to keep the overwhelming fear at bay. His wolf keens mournfully.
Castiel fishes his phone out of his pocket and calls in for heat leave. His boss grumbles about the amount of time Castiel's taken off in the last few months instead of just allowing it.
Jody Mills takes it and hums while looking it over. “What am I lookin’ at here, Donna?”
Dean snorts. “Yeah. Yes sir. And you’re right; it does suck. I have no idea what I’m gonna do now.”
In answer, Castiel rushes toward Dean and ducks under his chin, biting at his forelegs. They wrestle until the moon is shining down on them, and Dean drops to his side, panting.
Jack launched into a full-scale retelling of his day as the three relocated to the back porch and took refuge in its shade.  Dean sat with Jack in his lap as he regaled them with tales from the kindergarten recess time.
Abbadon tilts her head and narrows her eyes at Dean.
Dean shrugs. “Not like I got anywhere I
His name is not spelled wrong! Double letters at the beginning of a Military Working Dog’s name indicates that they are a Puppy Program dog. These dogs are bred at Lackland AFB specifically for the military’s use. Uurzua was named after a good friend of mine, Joey Urzua, who passed away from brain cancer. We served together in Korea.
They already don’t live far away from the hospital since Cas works there as an ER doctor, but Benny gets them there in just about half the usual time. Dean’s got his BLS and bails out of the cab before the rig even comes to a complete stop, lights bathing the front yard in red.
When Marv falls to the ground and starts to reach for Cosmos, Dean jolts into action. He grabs his discarded flannel and dashes across his yard and throws the shirt over the hissing cat. The sudden darkness must stun her for a second because she stills, and Dean is able to scoop the shirt under her feet and get her tucked up into his chest. He tells Marv to stay where he is and dashes into the house, depositing Cosmos in his bedroom before shutting the door and rushing to the bathroom where his first aid supplies are. He makes a quick detour to the kitchen for his poultice of Plantain and then runs back outside and over to Marv.
Dean shakes his head and points to Zuzu.
"Hey, Sam?"
Missouri tutted at them. "Don't hold it against them, dear. They grew up with busybodies for parents, they don't know any better. And I know once they get to know you, they'll come around. And if they don't, well fuck em." The curse word drew a giggle out of Emma and Jack and caused Dean's jaw to drop as he looked at Missouri. "Oh don't look at me like that, you say it all the time."
"Hey guys, you OK?"
Dean blinks. “Oh. That- that’s great.”
Dean hugs her. “Thank you, Char. This is awesome!”
Fury brushes against their legs and chirps. Dean steps back and lets Cas reach down and pick him up. After six months and a lot of love and care, the kitten finally looks his age. He purrs and butts his head under Cas' chin.
Castiel is suddenly back in front of him, a first aid kit on the table next to them. “This is going to sting, Dean. I’m sorry.” His hands are gentle as he cleans Dean’s forehead. “So what brings you to River’s Crossing?” Castiel murmurs as he doctors Dean’s face.
." Castiel shifts back to human, ignoring his brother's indignant squawks. "Do you know who else is coming?" he asks as he pulls clean clothes on.
Cas’ team pulls up in a small town, ready to set up and monitor the weather outside a tiny diner while Dean gets his tire fixed. They got the spare on the truck, but it’s a donut and
“Someplace called River’s Crossing, Ohio.”
Garth hummed. "It's not your fault, truly, Dean. I honestly think that given a little more time things would settle down when everyone realizes you are here to stay and not stir up trouble. Everything coming out about Lydia doesn't hurt, either."
The cat, who had draped itself over his porch railing and was enjoying the setting sun, declines to offer any comment apart from a flick of its tail. Dean shakes his head and bends his head back to the journal, scribbling out runes and ideas for more permanent protections.
They work in silence until Charlie comes into the bay, muttering darkly.
Dean huffs at his blueberry muffin, thinking.
It’s a seat-yourself type of place, and Cas steers them to a booth in the back. As they sit down, a server comes by and gives them two menus. “Y’all know what you want to drink?”
“Dean?”
Cas chuckled next to him. Dean raised an eyebrow at him and Cas, the little shit, said, "Can you blame him for wondering? You used to be adamantly against any form of
“Hey, Cas? Come here and take a look at this,” Kevin calls out.
"Eats?"
“I know.”
Dean shook himself out of his thoughts and poured himself a glass. "No, I have not been drinking," he huffed. "Do I have a coaster stuck to my butt or something? Dolores and Shanna both asked me that yesterday too!" He twisted around, trying to look at his butt to illustrate his ire.
Dean snorts. “I wasn’t expecting to have to come out here at all, but-”
Emma considered. "But they don't like too many poems," she said as they lined up to go inside.
"So it looks like they have an OK set up here. Everything is up and running and all that. We do have a problem, though."
Cas shrugs. "It is, but I can't say I regret it, you know?" Meg nods her understanding, and he continues, "They needed the help, and we were there…”
Zanna smacks him on the nose, shocking Castiel and Dean both. "Stop it, Dean. I told you, he's OK. He smells right."
Cole took a deep breath and looked down at his hands. "Dean I… Lydia and I have been sleeping together for the past year." He felt Dean's hand slip off his shoulder and the tips of Dean's work boots disappeared from his sight. "She's inside right now packing a bag. She's leaving you and Emma, and the papers for divorce are on the kitchen table." He looked up to see Dean covering his mouth with his hand, eyes shining with tears. "Dean, I'm so sorry-"
, he thinks to himself.
Castiel settles into his throne and adjusts his hat. “
Dean puts his hands on Cas’ shoulder, cutting off the flow of words and grounding him. “Hey. Calm down, ok? Sit down. I’ll reheat you a plate. Do you want some salad, too?”
"Well, what about Cosmos? Her fur pattern kinda reminds me of the night sky when you can see the galaxies light up and..." he trails off and blushes, whipping around to hide it from Cas.
“Sweetie, what happened? Is everything OK?”
Dean growled and flipped them both off.
“Cas! Stop chewing on your lip and get up on the van. There’s something wrong with the satellite, and I can’t pick up any readings.”
Gabe pounces on him as soon as he gets in the back door, happy to see him all over again. “Don’t like people, my ass,” Dean says to him, petting him with one hand while he peels his jacket off with the other. Gabe attaches himself to Dean’s leg as they wander back into the living room.
Claire turns, pleading eyes on Anna. “Please, Mom? Can we?”
Bobby and Ellen descend on Sam and Jess just as quickly, with the rest of the pack joining in, finding friends they haven't seen in far too long.
"No!"
“’M fine. Head’s bothering me a little, but I can power through.”
"DAD!" Emma yelled up the stairs. "Mama Missouri says to stop fiddling with your hair and get your cute butt down here! How does she even know you are messin' with your hair anyway?"
"Hey, hey, it's OK. What's going on?"
Castiel nods tiredly and, after lunch, herds the two back to bed. Dean puts up a fight until Castiel huffs, shifts then flattens the omega until he falls asleep.
Dean looks up at the chime of the bell over the front door of the bakery. He doesn't see anyone up front, so he smacks the flour off his hands. "Gimme a sec, and I'll be right with you!" he yells as he jogs over to the sink to wash his hands.
Dean looks over in time to see Anna and Claire heading their way, waving like a couple of madwomen. “Hey, guys!”
"Sit, Dean." Garth's face looked like a thunderhead and Dean felt his heartrate kick up a notch as he lowered himself into the chair in front of his desk. Garth sighed and set his forearms on the desk before leaning forward.
And Dean smiled.
“No prob.” She helps him over to the vendor so he can swap out his footwear. “You looked like you were having a good time with Cas,” she says as he laces up his boots.
Once the press of people settled down, he wound his way around the stragglers and made up his own plate with a hamburger, corn, asparagus, and squash. As he sat down next to Cas, he caught sight of his brother looking at him strangely.
“Hey, Cas. Why are we doing this, again?”
Cas cut him off, laying a hand on Dean's thigh. "Dean, you know none of that is true. Plenty of people in town have been asking to see more of your work. I know that how they saw it in the first place is painful," Dean winced at the reminder, "but it did get it
"Yeah. Cas' idea."
Meg sniffs at the central part of her meal and blanches. "Smells like cat food."
"That's because you don't get it. Now get yourself into an old pair of jeans and a shirt you don't care about and get on out there." She swatted him on the ass, making him jump and glare after her as she cackled her way out of his room.
Dean runs past, "Bye, Missouri!"
She looks down—Jo! That’s her name, Jo Harvelle—and scribbles some more.
Dean lets her go and turns to rummage in the pantry for the lasagna noodles. He'd only been planning on making spaghetti tonight, but he knows that nothing perks Cas up better than his lasagna. Grandma Deanna had passed her recipe to him when he left home, and although Dean didn't often take the time to make it, he always has the ingredients on hand for nights like this.
“Oh, great,” Claire mutters. “The cow-demon is back.”
Just one more thing that they'll have to replace.
He's pretty sure he can hear Charlie's eye roll. "Dean, she did it so she could gauge the people who wanted to date her. People let their guard down around animals, you know that. You did it yourself with Cosmos."
“It sounds like fun, Dean. I’m not even asking you to stick around.”
A scratching noise jerks him out of his mind spiral. He narrows his eyes and casts a look toward the door, wondering if he's just hearing things, but the noise comes again, and this time he can hear a muffled yowl. Cosmos must be wondering why she's been locked out, then. He sighs but drags himself off the couch, not bothering to pause the movie, and crosses the living room to open the front door.
“Uh. Is your brother Castiel, by chance?”
“No. Gabe tends not to like people in general.”
“Yes, there is, Meg! You and I broke up long before you moved. For numerous reasons, including your animosity towards Gabe! Just stop this!”
"I know! Data's incomplete. You need to get out of there!"
A glimmer of understanding sparks in Dean's brain. "Oh," he says softly.
Charlie hums as she looks around on her map. “Not for a while. Stay on 30 until we pass Rodger’s Creek.”
Dean sighed. "I would have stayed with you forever, you know. But your actions, your choices, have not only driven me away but our daughter as well." He looked over his shoulder at Missouri. "Go away, Lydia. You've made your choice. My lawyer will be in touch. Please don't make me call security." He turned away and sat down in the chair again, and took Missouri's hand. Lydia's heels clicked as she walked down the hallway and Dean put the phone to his ear. "You get all that, Red?"
"Yeah, but I've seen Dean in high gear," Gabe says.
"Hey Sammy," he croaked.
“Hello, Dean.”
A beat of silence greets him. After a few seconds, a gruff voice asks, “Owner of the Impala stuck in the snow?”
“What the fuck?”
After a glance at the menus, they give her their full order, a bacon cheeseburger for Dean, a cheeseburger for Cas, fries for both, and two beers. They sit and chat for hours, long after the food is gone, and end up being run out of the diner by the staff so they can clean and close up shop.
"Dean, that was the biggest twister ever recorded!"
“I’ll give you that one,” Dean says. “I’m not one for cold weather, it plays hell on my bum knee these days, but it sure is pretty.”
She pulls away, dashing the tears from her cheeks. "I'm sorry, Dean."
"Thanks, Bobby. I'll drop this off with Cas too, so she knows to look out for him. Did you catch a name by chance?"
“It’s Dean.”
She sniffs and turns her back on him. He shakes his head at her antics and finishes his sandwich. When he's finished, he brushes the crumbs off his lap before eyeing the cat in front of him.
He shook his head, clearing his thoughts, and made his way out of the school and to the parking lot. He slid behind the wheel of his car and turned the engine over. “Up Around the Bend” greeted him from the radio, and he smiled as he backed the car out and pointed her back to the main part of town. He mentally ran over his shopping list for the porch swing. He parked Baby in front of the Post Office - might as well do his other chores while he's out - and wandered down to Singer's Hardware.
"Eh, you deserved it."
Dean’s head snaps up. “Cas?”
slams into Castiel. He staggers, and Dean and Zanna's scents closely follow that scent.
A blond woman shrieked and jumped up, running over to hug him. "Dean Winchester! How good to see you!" She ran her hands down his chest, smoothing the flannel he wore out and poked his nose. "Becky Rosen," she said before whirling around and running back to her desk.
Mary picks up after the second ring. “Hey, honey!”
They stand there, sharing space and air for a few minutes until the cold starts seeping in and nipping at Dean’s toes through his boots. He blinks and focuses on the blue eyes in front of him, and yeah, Dean’s a goner. He leans in and kisses Cas softly.
"Eh, you know. She meets me on the porch, and I feed her a can of food. She lets me pet her as long as I stay away from the collar, and then we either hang out for a bit, or she takes off to your place or the woods."
“Gabe?”
Dean growled and Emma shifted in his lap. "What did she do?"
Benny snorts. "Hell no, cher. Just pointing out the facts."
Her paws slide when she hits the tile of the entryway. She scrabbles and rights herself and shoots over to the couch, diving into the pile of blankets.
Dean hangs up, Sam’s laughter ringing through the phone.
"You know you're gonna have to take all the stuff up to the shop when you go, right? To show Missouri just how creative she got so she could take care of her hair?"
"'S alright." Dean rubs the back of his head and scowls. "Didja have to hit me so hard, though?"
Cas’ return text tells him it will be a bit, so Dean decides to go all out with lasagna and salad. A quick trip to the market and an hour later, Dean’s got an honest-to-God salad in the fridge with dressing options to go with it. The lasagna is in the oven and the garlic bread is ready to be thrown in to heat whenever Cas gets here.
“Oh, it’s ok, I guess. She just surprised me.”
"I welcome anything you can throw my way, omega if it means you are fully recovered."
"I will. Thank you, Dean."
"Oh, God, Dean!"
"Penny for your thoughts?" a warm voice asked from his right.
"Are you OK?" Cas yells.
"Blackened Chicken with my mac and cheese. It's just about done if you want to stir in the cheese. Actually, you may want to hold off-" She was interrupted by a giant moose invading the kitchen and picking Dean up in a tight hug.
“Man, that is so freaking cool! I’ve never seen anything like this before.”
Hands grab at Dean’s shoulders and arms, yanking him off and away from Dick.
"Dean, we still got this—no!" Dean grabs Cas around the waist and hauls him to the truck, dragging him into the cab and sliding into the driver's seat, hitting the gas and holding on to Cas as tightly as he can.
When he looks at his phone, he groans when he sees that it's only 9:30. He sets a reminder for him to go check on Cosmos in an hour and wanders back into the kitchen, Fury at his heels. He makes short work of cleaning up the mess of his table and throws everything with blood on it into his fire pit out back before incinerating it. He wipes down the table one last time with bleach and tosses everything in the washer.
He pulls the tire out of the bed of the truck, letting it bounce on the ground. He rolls it over to the tech that’s walking to the front of the garage, wiping his hands with a stained rag.
Luc glares up at him. "What? It's not liked the cat has to stick around."
The blond whirls around, teeth bared. When Ellen registers who it is, she holds a hand up in apology. "Hello, Castiel. Sorry about that, just a little jumpy."
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says as the credits roll.
Ellen looked troubled as she hummed. "Well, brush up with her on how to deal with them, will you? From what Jo told me it’s a little boy in the class that's the ringleader, and he's got a reputation for being nasty and hands-on when the grown-ups aren't around."
"Hey, I'm going to be in my office for a while. Ya'll going to be OK out here?"
The door flings open, startling Dean, and a tall, dark-haired man steps out. “Gabriel! There you are, you tricky thing. I swear, I should have named you Houdini. Come on; let's get you inside. It’s freezing out here.” The man turns to go inside, but Gabriel barks and darts off the front step, back towards Dean.
"Hey, guys!" He set his notebook to the side and stuck his pencil behind his ear. "How was school?"
Dean laughed and busied himself making a list of repairs for the front porch and materials to go with them. He heard scuffing on the dirt path beside the house and looked up in time to see Jack and Emma round the house.
“I’m not hurting you, am I? Doing something, like, wrong, or something?” he asks, panic straining his voice.
When the Marines want something done, they do it quickly. Dean’s handing Uurzua’s leash into the Kennel Master on base, saying his good-byes to the six-year-old overgrown puppy, and reporting to Colonel Henriksen’s office for his walking papers within a week of his diagnosis.
"Cas?" Castiel looks up to see his cousin's fear-stricken face. "I don't even know if you want to hear this, but I was listening to the radio, and uh, NSSL—it's happening. They've predicted an F5."
Dean's shoulders slump. "Thank you. Not sure I'll be able to sleep without her close for a while."
Cas’ hair is a complete
"I don't think anyone has." He leaves anything else unsaid, trying to keep them on the road and simultaneously keep an eye on the twister.
! Cas, things go wrong. You can't explain it, and you can't predict it! Killing yourself won't bring your mom, or dad, or brothers back! And I'm sorry, I'm so sorry because I
“Oh my God, what a
Dean licks his lips and nods. “I know.”
Cas sobers as Dean answers her. “You get in front of the funnel and put her down in the damage path. And then get the hell out of Dodge before the twister sucks you up, too.”
Ash puffed a breath through his lips and waved Dean off. "Dude, really, it's my pleasure. We'll get you rolling in the money in no time."
Cas bustles back into the kitchen, a whirling dervish of brown hair and tan trench coat, and deposits the kit on the bar. "Where's the Plantain salve?"
Dean cups her face with his free hand, startling her into silence. "It's alright, Cas. I'm not going to say that I'm not hurt, me being an open book and all to you, but you don't have to tell me anything you don't want to."
Missouri was leaning on the stove, the kettle on the floor next to her. Dean stood next to her as she looked at him, dazed.
"Lemme guess," Meg muses, "every one of your documents is gone?"
"Yeah, but we can at least go home now," she says. And she's got a point. Before Abbadon, they hadn't lived in the park full time; they had a homestead outside of Gatlinburg that butted up to the Park. They worked, played, farmed, and were generally self-sufficient.
Pain whites out his vision, and Castiel clenches his teeth, trying to hold back the scream tearing its way through his throat. He slumps over his leg, panting, when the pain fades to a dull roar in his body, his Grace already rushing to the area. He stays slumped over until the rest of the world starts to trickle back in, and he feels Dean petting his coverts again, murmuring soothing words.
Home- the last place Dean wanted to go.
"Oh, right. Sorry, I forgot."
have a choice. We don't have to take on this alpha."
Castiel's wolf snarls. "No. I am not leaving you here."
Castiel tilts his head to the side and hums. “I see. Then… May I help decorate the tree?”
The pack huddles around the central fire pit heads put together in conversation, while Cas and Meg hang back at the edge of the forest. The two city wolves are still in their canine forms.
She narrows her eyes at him, appraising. “Clarence!” she yells, “Coffee delivery is here!” She turns away and stomps back into the living room, throwing herself on the couch.
"Ah, that makes sense," Benny says, blue eyes twinkling as Charlie finally frees her hands.
Dean leaned into his mom and sipped from his glass as he thought. "Mama, what did I do wrong? What's so wrong with me that it scared Lydia off like that? That my best friend betrayed me like that?"
"Ow! Dude, what the fuck?"
"Can you tell which way it's headed?" he asks his cousin.
When no loud noises come from the kitchen, Jo snatches her mother's clothes and carries them into the kitchen to deliver them to her mother. The rest of the pack disperses into their rooms or houses to go through their respective morning rituals. Castiel turns and heads to his room, only to jump out of his skin when Gabriel pounces our form behind the door.
"Stay calm!" Dean yells over the noise.
over. He grins sheepishly at her glare when she realizes he can't hear her. She rolls her eyes and snatches up an empty chart sheet.
"Well, I'm glad you two were decent, at least," Charlie says from the doorway.
Cas catches sight of the road and turns onto it. It's more of a path than a road, but the way through the thicket is clear. They bounce around, and Dean reaches down into the floorboard for the headset.
“Yeah, and I’m regretting that now. I’m so sorry, Lisa. Let’s go. Gabe, how do you have friends, really?”
"This isn't over, Dean. You stole from me, and I will have those items returned to me."
"Been in love with you for a while, now that I look back on it all." Dean pauses. "Is that... OK?"
Dean points over to similar fenced areas. “What are those for?”
Garth whistles as he starts the truck and backs out of his spot. “Do ya know if it’s permanent or not?”
Dean decides he doesn't want to go home just yet, so he throws everything into the Impala and walks down Main, enjoying the morning. Fall is starting to settle in, so he makes a mental note to put up the orange streamers at the back of his property where it butts up to the forest. The area doesn't get many hunters, but one bullet hole in the house was too many, and the streamers he puts up lets anyone know that the forest ends there and to please kindly not shoot his direction.
mind is waking up to his brother, poking him in the nose.
Dean’s chewing the inside of his cheek when Gabriel walks up beside him. “Going green,” he says to the shorter man, nodding his head at the clouds boiling above them.
“Well, actually-”
Gabe hums and snags another roll, sopping up the leftover gravy on his plate.
“God, yes, Cas. Please.”
"Dee?"
Dean ground his teeth. "Our daughter. And yes, she's right here." He motioned to Emma to take the phone from him.
"This is bullshit," Dean mutters, glaring out the windshield. "I may have walked out-"
"He's already here, honey. They ate on the way in. The cheese is for supper tonight and the hamburger is for tomorrow. Sam wants your burgers."
"Oh, gods, Clarence. Why couldn't we have just gotten normal people food?"
Chairs squeal as everyone pushes away from the table and burst into motion. Gabe grabs up the radios and runs out the door, Dean and Lisa following. Dean pulls her to the side and kisses her cheek.
“Just toss them in the dryer,” Castiel says. “Do you want some coffee?”
“Oh, shut up.” Dean sits back and groans. “As much as I don’t want to, I need to get up. Kneeling like this is hell on my knees.”
Castiel laughs at the bird's nest on Dean's head. "It's not much, just soup right now until your stomach gets used to having something in it again. And there's dirt in the bed because I didn't want to get mauled trying to wash you in your wolf form."
The door creaked open and Cas poked his head in. "Can I come in?"
He looks over at Castiel. "Was this your idea?"
"So," he says.
Dean hurried after her. "I had to visit his shop, not the old coot himself."
“I’m fine. I just don't particularly care for confrontation.”
Cas and Dean roll their eyes at each other.
Dean laughed, then groaned. "That's gross, Mama."
“Have you, oh, I don't know,
"Oh, this is Cosmos. Cas' cat, not mine. She just likes to hang out with me." Dean opens a can of food and scoops it into a bowl for her and sits back down to his own dinner. "Honestly, I think it's just ‘cause she likes the food I give her."
Dean rolls away from her and sits up so he can take a drink of the concoction in his hand. “Oh well, can’t blame me for trying. One of these days I’m going to get it out of you.”
"Yeah," Cas says, just as quiet.
Cas goes still for a split second before she continues to dab at hand. "I know," she says quietly. "I saw him last night."
Dean blinks. "He is?"
She chirps at him again and rubs her chin on his nose.
Castiel hums. "Do you think you're up for a shower?"
Cas squints at Dean, which should not be adorable, but it really is, before he shuffles over to him. He plants a chaste kiss on Dean’s lips. “Hmm. Yes, the sugar is definitely over here.” He then shuffles over to the coffee, pours a cup, then back to the bar. All Dean can do is watch him, shock and amusement running through him. Cas slumps over on a free stool, reaching for the coffee fixin’s.
“Have you at least tried mine?” Charlie asks.
“Still hate flying?” Garth asks as he takes control of Dean’s carry-on.
Dean wrinkles his nose. “
Cas can hear Dean shouting at him, but he ignores it in favor of the terrified young man in front of him. "I-I can't-" Kevin says, teeth chattering.
The human at the end of the leash. Probably not being listened to unless they have the Kong held hostage.
Alpha
She clicked around for a few seconds. "Computer skills?"
Lisa tilts her head, smile slipping a little. “Oh?”
Castiel's eyebrows raise, and a sly smile slides across his face. "No, no one important, anyway," he says, holding the Cajun's gaze.
Chris leaned against the fence and shrugged. "Fine. What's up?"
to feed me to keep me around, or something.” He gathers his courage and steps over to the other man, cupping Cas’ face in his hands. “Cas, I like you. I like Gabe. The rest doesn't matter quite so much, is what I'm trying to say.” He kisses Cas softly, trying to relay the feeling behind his words.
"From Abbadon." It's not a question.
Charlie shrugs. "Zanna wants to go on a run, I kinda want to go with her, but we need someone to escort us since I'm unmated and she's just a pup."
Dean just barely keeps himself from falling to his knees and kissing the floor of the airport. All those years in the Marines never did manage to cure his fear of flying.
The days that follow are a blur for Castiel. His father and brother arrive, Uriel and Anna in tow. The alphas, minus Castiel, and the rest of the 'war party', as Charlie calls them, regularly disappear while the rest of the two packs keep Castiel occupied. It's maddening not to be helping with the planning, but he finds he's also grateful.
"We're going to move to intercept," Cas says into the radio. "Get ready to set up."
"That's the spirit. Come by the junkyard later and see if you can find any parts and get some of that crap out of my hair."
Dick turns his back on the crew and starts walking away. “Oh, by the way,” he throws over his shoulder. “Love the weather reports!”
"And then we came here to see you," Jack said.
That's
and thanks to that, he can’t sleep.
Life goes on. Zanna goes back to sleeping in her room, but Dean refuses to return to his. He tried once and woke up the entire house with his screaming from a nightmare. So, he's decided to camp in Castiel's room permanently.
Dean fidgets for a few more heartbeats before his shoulders slump, and he breathes out his answer.
"Oh yeah," Claire says, deadpan as ever. "I wanna get struck by lightning, just once. Just to say I did."
At the hanger, the doors are now open. Everyone mills around, trying to recover from the shock of the storm. A police cruiser pulls up as Gabe darts for his bus, pulling the laptop with the Doppler readouts on it to him. He flips on the radio, listening to the reports.
Dean and Cas yell as they finally break through and screech onto the highway. A line of black Windstars greets them with honking, swerving out of the way. "Son of a bitch!" Dean says, gasping for breath.
"Cub," Zanna grumbles from her spot beside Castiel.
Cas points up into the garland hanging down from the banister. “What is that?”
“Dean? Are you OK?” When Dean looks up, he sees Cas’ face lined with worry.
Castiel shrugs. "Can't get my mind to focus on anything, so I figured I'd might as well stay out of the way."
Anna says from the doorway.
A beat of silence. “Ah. So what are you going to do?”
Castiel pushes himself off the ground and takes a step towards Dean. “You made it.”
A partner.
A cat with dark fur riddled with splotches of orange that look like someone splattered paint all over it drags itself up onto the wood slats and looks around warily. When it catches sight of him, it bristles, and Dean can’t help but laugh a little at its puffed-up tail.
“Not for breakfast. Want to hit up Anna for something?”
Dean groaned and buried his face in the pillow. "Shit Sam, I'm sorry, I totally forgot."
Cas looks like he wants to say something, but apparently changes his mind. Instead, he has Dean sit down and serves homemade pot roast for both of them.
Cas looks down at her lap. "I just call her Cat."
“God damn it,” Dean swears out loud, his words echoing back to him from the trees. He fights his way back through the snow to the driver’s seat and collapses inside, fumbling for his phone.
Cas retaliated by pinching his ass, making Dean laugh. He ducked his head down to steal another toe-curling kiss. He let Cas back him up towards the door as they kissed and grinned when his back encountered the wall next to the door. Cas spun them around and pushed him through the door, closing and locking it behind them. He shoved Dean through the living room and up the steps and directed him to the correct bedroom, the two of them shedding clothing the entire way. They ended up in their boxers next to the bed, taking each other in until Dean reached out and shoved Cas back onto the bed.
Dean blew a breath out and focused on the road through the fading light. They'd finally made it past Houston traffic and were on the last leg to get home.
in eighteen hours.
Dean closes his eyes. "Gods, we are a pair of dumbasses, aren't we?"
Dean cuts the tape from the man's wrists so Jody can handcuff him and lead him back to her car. Dean trails behind her and watches as she shoves Luc none-to-gently into the back of the cruiser. After she slams the door on him, she turns back to Dean.
Dean felt his lips twitch. "You still talk like you ate an encyclopedia."
Charlie crashes to her knees next to Dean and throws her arms around his shoulders, causing him to cry out. She jerks back, a look of horror on her face. "Dean? What happened?"
"Dean! Hurry!"
Cas hums. "Why didn't you say anything?"
A beat passes as they drive, trying to outrun the twins dancing on the lake. And then, the strangest thing happens.
! Come on!"
"That
“You got it.” Dean hangs up and calls Sam.
"You know," he said as he threw back the rest of his shot. "'Town screw-up'. We'll start a club. Non-screw ups need not apply." He snorted a laugh into his beer. "God knows I fit the bill."
He retreats to his bedroom when Eileen gets in on the fun with the tinsel.
Castiel plunders Dean’s mouth until the hunter breaks the kiss, gasping for breath. His arousal is back in full force now, and when he speaks, his voice is on a lower register than before.
“Sure, sure. What are you doing out here on your own, anyway? I thought you were working with Bobby this morning?”
“Well, short version, since it’s cold as fuck out here: I wrecked my car, and your brother put me up in his guest house for the night after I followed Gabe home.”
the day he crossed The Extreme," Gabe says. "Rue the day."
Dean side-eyes him. "Yes, really."
She snorts.
Dean shrugs. Gabe's probably right.
After breakfast and sending Zanna off to pester Garth, he goes in search of Charlie and Ash. He finds them in the computer room.
He flicks it on and pans around the room, looking for Dean. When he finally finds him, Castiel feels his heart shatter.
Missouri huffs. "Fine. But I'll drive myself."
Benny Lafitte sticks his head into the spot between the two bucket seats of the ambulance. “There’s a call to your address. Isn’t Sam home tonight?”
“Wha?”
Ellen took her place behind the bar and raised an eyebrow at Dean. "Alright, I'll let you off this once. I assume you're here for one of my burgers?"
"Alright, let's get everyone into the living room. Jody and Missouri are going to keep watch until Mom gets here, so let's try to get some sleep," Castiel says.
They each call out, waiting a few seconds between each time they say Missouri's name to listen for any response. They hear a dog whimper.
Joshua holds up a hand, cutting Dean off. "Dean, I know you're scared because I've been there." Dean blinks a few times then snaps his mouth shut when Joshua continues. "When Castiel's father died, a little piece of Naomi went with him. Chuck was a little strange, by all accounts, but a good person. Castiel was tiny when Chuck passed away. He was just a few years old when I came into the picture." Joshua runs a hand down his face before he continues.
The lump twitches again, and as Dean's eyes get used to the low light, he gasps. Cosmos is under his holly bushes and it looks like something is sticking out of her leg. Dean scrambles up and dashes into the house and to his room. He snatches his phone off the charger and dials his brother as he runs back out into the front yard.
When Dean wakes, it's to damp and darkness. He sniffs and registers the smells of a cave, and the night before rushes back to him. He groans and shifts his legs, only to freeze again when he feels a small body next to him.
Dean sighs and looks to the ceiling, and Castiel sees his shoulders slump in defeat. Dean looks back down at Castiel. “Look. Even with all the shit we’ve been through, I’ve never hated you. You’re family, man.” He rubs a hand over his mouth. “Can we just drop it, for now, so we can patch up that wing of yours? Cause no matter what, I’m not gonna let you suffer. Let me help. Please.”
Castiel splutters as his wolf perks up at the insinuation in Dean's words. "I said a run, not a chase!"
Emma nodded furiously to signal her agreement, mouth occupied by the big bite of sandwich she'd just taken. Dean smiled at seeing her cheeks puffed out. Yeah, the apple didn't fall far from the tree on that one.
"I'm aware! Keep going, beyond it! The brush! You know, the brush right in front of you?"
Gabe speeds past him, playing in the mounded snow lining the street. Dean smiles at him as they make their way to the garage.
Dean should have kept his damn mouth shut.
he growls and shoves the alpha down to the ground. Abbadon yelps high and loud, and her Beta, Gordon, slams into Castiel, knocking him away from the alpha. Castiel rolls and shakes himself off, and Dean is leaping over to check the black-furred alpha over when someone slams into his side, sending him flying towards Abbadon and Gordon.
"Well, we won't have to worry about that ever again."
Castiel looks at Dean, a strange look on his face. “Cas?”
Dean choked on a laugh. "Yea, I did sweetheart. Does it bother you that I spent the night with Cas?"
Dean huffs.
She sits down on the arm of the chair and looks at him, blinking with both eyes.
It doesn't work.
Two days since she last spoke with her best friend.
"Ah," Castiel says as he marks his place in the book and sets it to the side. "I take it Meg is settling in, then?"
Dean scrubbed his hands down his face, instantly feeling guilty. "I know Mama, and I'm sorry. Not sure what's up with me this morning."
"NOT naked." Dean breaks in. "I was not naked!"
"Dean, can you hear me?"
"Nah, that was always Cas," Dean breaks in, but everyone ignores him.
Dean nods. “And that’s why I’m setting up the tree and decorating. I’d like to have at least one good memory, you know?”
In the end, it does take a bit of tweaking for Charlie to get the spices right, but she does eventually come up with one that Cas loves. Dean’s eyebrows end up in his hair when he tastes it because it tastes exactly like the version she makes with the rum in it.
"Alright you heathen, put me down!" She smacked him in the shoulder after her feet were on the ground. "That's for not comin' and seeing me sooner."
“Oh!” Dean hears things being shuffled around in the background. “In that case, I’m on my way home.”
“What’s up?” he asks.
“I figured, sir. How bad is she?”
And you can always come talk to me on the
And so off they went.
Dean Winchester grins over at his fiancé, Lisa Braden, as they bounce down the dirt road between two wheat fields. Led Zeppelin is playing softly on the radio, and while he’d rather be in his Baby, a ’67 Chevy Impala, his new Dodge Ram ain’t half bad either. He reaches over and grabs Lisa’s hand, pulling it up to his lips, and kisses the back of it.
"Alright, go find you a table, I'll get you some food and a beer and bring it to you shortly." She disappeared into the kitchen and Dean ambled over to a table next to the window. Sitting down, he cast his gaze around the bar, taking in what had changed and what hadn't in the years he'd been gone. The majority of the bar was the same, but there was a stage sitting over near the pool tables that hadn't been there when he left. When Ellen brought him his beer, he asked her about it.
"We can do this!"
"That's Anna. She's one of my old pack members." Dean sags, and Castiel lunges forward to catch him, lowering him to the ground and checking him over. Zanna crawls over to him and presses into his side.
Dean sighed as he watched his daughter go inside. He looked over to Chris. "Could you give this to her? She forgot her lunch."
No one answers her, everyone too busy piling into their vehicles and forming up the caravan. She sets the drinks on the hood of the truck and hurries to get in, starting it up and swinging out to follow the funny man’s bus. The cokes fall off the hood, forgotten in her haste.
Missouri takes it. "Likewise, but honey, you better run!" She spins Lisa around and gives her a nudge to the line of trucks. She waves to everyone else as they get settled into their assorted vehicles.
Gabe eventually gets the welcome he wanted from Dean and transfers his attention to everyone else in the room. When he sees how many there are, he darts behind the couch, out of sight.
"Nah, Jo did though."
"Don't you 'Mama' me, boy. You both are sitting over there like lumps on a log. Dean, stop chasing your food across the plate, it's not going to eat itself." She turned to Emma, who was hiding a smile behind her hand. "Emma, sweetheart, how was your first day?"
Cas came up behind him, hat in hand. "Well, you do seem to be pretty mysterious but not closed off. You give the air of the choice being yours."
“Just- lemme get this out, OK, Cas? And if you don’t want me to keep going, I’ll leave.” Dean’s quiet for a few seconds before he continues. “Cas- look, I-” he growls and buries his face into Castiel’s back again, so Castiel carefully twists himself around on the bed. so he’s on his back, wings spread out to the sides. Dean’s sitting off to the side, studying the blanket and playing with his ring, and Castiel pushes himself up on the bed and leans on the headboard.
Dean brightens. "That's an excellent idea, Cas! It'll be nice to run for fun for a change and not have to worry about going hungry if we don't manage to pull anything down."
Lisa looks down at her plate and gulps. She hasn't seen this much red meat on one plate, let alone the table, since she got Dean to lay off the crappy food he'd been eating.
And then, of course, Castiel went and solidified his stance with the pack with his steadfast acceptance of Zanna's animal. He hadn't batted an eye when she shifted into her mountain lion form for the first time in front of him. He simply shifted into his wolf form, crouched down with his tail waving in the air, and invited her to play.
"Are you going to help Dean?" she asks quietly as the pack trails into the house. He drops his duffle next to the door as he considers her question.
"Since the furniture is made and sold from the property you share, technically she could push for you to liquidate the stock and split the income. But it looks like here all she wants is to sell the house, split assets to the owners, and sign full custody of Emma over to you. Including all parental rights, which would mean she'd be able to squirm her way out of having to provide child support."
Castiel squints at Dean in confusion. “Dean, until just a few hours ago, you hated me. And now you want to help me?”
A rock song blares as Cas leans over, laying his head down on Dean's shoulder. "We did it."
"I just nee-
He’s on the front step of Cas’ house, throwing snowballs for Gabe when Castiel pulls up. Gabriel immediately abandons Dean and runs to greet Cas when he gets out of the truck.
"So how much of what you hear as Cosmos do you remember?"
Castiel throws his head back and howls, calling his back to return to him. As one, the wolves turn and run full tilt back to their Alpha, trusting him to lead them home.
Dean can feel Cas' eyes on him when she asks, "And what, Dean?"
And sleeping in Cas' bed isn't a hardship. The man smells like
Dean shrugs.
She narrows her eyes at him and growls.
“So here’s the bad part,” Bobby says as they go back up to the waiting area. “I gotta custom order the headlights from one of my buddies who runs a salvage yard out in South Dakota who specializes in classics. The
Cas has a brother.
“Mhm. Very much so.” Cas slings an arm around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him in tight. After a few seconds, Cas runs the tip of his nose across Dean’s temple. Dean shivers as Cas’ nose travels down his face. Cas bumps his nose to Dean’s cheek, drawing Dean’s gaze to his and Cas takes advantage, placing a soft kiss on his lips. “Is
Dean grinned and leaned back into Cas' chest. "Hey there, yourself, sunshine."
In the Dodge, Dean is leaning forward, looking at the sky when Kevin breaks in. "Touchdown! We have touchdown-tornado is on the ground."
"Nothing!" Cas raises an eyebrow at him, and Dean feels the need to defend himself. "No really. He had Cosmos treed and when he tried to chase her into the yard I told him off. He wasn't impressed and mouthed off and Cosmos expressed her, uh,
Until it isn't.
A murmur of voices catches Castiel's attention again a few moments later, and his mother enters the room. A soft smile lights up her face as she takes in the tangled pole of wolves, her son at the heart of it. She crosses the room and sits down at the edge closest to Castiel.
Dean raises an eyebrow, so Cas explains. “There was a mix up at the pharmacy. His prescription is for up to two 50mg a day. They filled it with 100mg on accident.”
Dean chuckles as she starts to squirm and lets her down. "Yeah, pup. Cas back there ran Abbadon off, and the pack decided that it was time for us to get back."
“So, Cas called me right after you left. You left your phone at his place, and he called me when he saw most of your stuff missing. You had a missed call from the Major and a text letting you know that Uurzua was being retired.”
do this.”
"Well," Dean says as he slaps his thighs and rises from the couch. "Better get in there then, before the horde figures out it's done."
“Hi. Is this OK?”
“Oh, that’s lovely!” Colette breaks in. “River’s Crossing is slightly famous for our Christmas celebrations. You’ll take part, I hope?”
Meg throws her head back in a hearty laugh. "Alright, fair enough, I guess. You
"Um," Cas says. "Where's my truck?" They hear a crash and a screeching of tires. Cas grins. "Ah, there it is."
Cas squirms. "I never named her."
Cas sighs and climbs onto the blue Doppler van’s roof, affectionately known as the mobile lab, and sets to fiddling with the radar dish. He can hear music wafting from Gabe’s bus, and he smiles as he waits for Sam to give him the signal to turn the dish back on. A thump on the roof gets his attention as Sam Winchester yells out to him.
"Well, it won't go any better if I get in there, I promise. She at least knows you."
Ash snickered as he checked the picture in the viewer. "What fun would that be? Plus, you would have blinked, so this works out well." He hummed and nodded at the camera. "This is perfect for your 'About Me' page. Alright, let’s get some shots of your work, hey?"
Castiel is smiling and shaking his head at his mother as he ends their call later that night. Despite the late hour, Naomi Novak was thrilled to talk to her youngest. Castiel smiles at the reminder of the updates she'd passed along.
"Nah, not just yet," Charlie says, bouncing over. "We can probably salvage most of it."
Jo stows her weapon and picks Zanna up. "Jesus Cas, she's nothing but skin and bones," she says as she shifts the cub in her arms.
They walked the quarter-mile to the store before Lisa led him inside a nondescript building with the sign "Crowley's Furniture" above the door. The man himself is obviously a transplant to the area, but the British man is interesting and a breath of fresh air from the people Dean had graduated with. Lisa waved good-bye to them and Crowley showed him around the store. Dean's hopes were dashed when he realized that this was a pre-fab furniture store.
Dean makes a sleepy murmur of dissent but lets Castiel bully him out of the majority of his clothes and into the bed. As Castiel is turning away to go to his own room, Dean whimpers. “Cas? Will you stay?”
Cas screams and braces his left hand to the roof of the truck. They plow through the siding and into the house. They drive through what looks like a living room and out the dining room window, back onto the road. They blink once they burst out the other side of the house and look at each other.
“Sure did. Bobby Singer, by the way.”
They step into the wreckage of the house, now a maze of debris and hazards. Cas continues to call for Missouri. The house groans around them, and Dean shudders at the sound. A dresser topples over as they edge past it, and Dean yanks Cas back to him, out of the way. "Be careful," he murmurs.
Dean claps a hand on Gabe’s shoulder. “Get ‘em rounded up,” he says before he heads to his truck.
Dean's starting to wonder if he can figure a way out of having to explain this one.
Dean makes a non-committal noise as he watches Gabe’s head disappear and reappear behind the glass. “I’ll think about it.” He looks back at Bobby and holds his hand out again. “Keep me updated?”
“That’s better,” he says. “NIHL, huh?”
Suddenly, he's got an armful of Cas, and he's hugging her to his chest. Something in him clicks back into place and he lays his cheek on her head, squeezing her tighter. He hears her sob as she tightens her hold on him.
. The Alpha is easy on the eyes. He's good with the pack, even Benny, with his occasional alpha posturing. He makes sure that every pack member who needs, or wants, time with him gets it, even after a twelve-hour shift at the hospital. And Zanna, well. Zanna adores him. Dean's pretty sure the feeling is mutual. And Dean can't help but melt a little at how Cas treats
"Is that bad?" Lisa asks from the back.
“Thank you for coming by. You didn’t have to.”
Zanna's face falls. "They're dead."
she says.
Zanna nods, frantic before she turns and pelts up the path, and Castiel turns his attention back to the fight in front of him. He narrows his focus to Dean.
"Hera, who would do that to a cat?" he mutters into Fury's fur. The kitten's response is a purr, so Dean lets him reassure him the only way he knows how.
Castiel stalks over to Dean, who stumbles back a few steps before Cas catches up to him, grabs him by the front of his coat and hauls him in for a bruising kiss.
"Kitty, I have no idea what you are trying to tell me, but thanks for listening to me ramble." He pats her shoulders and shoos her off his lap so he can let himself in the house. "Alright, time for you to go home and for me to get to bed. Three am comes way too early."
"What are you two doing? We can hear you up front!”
"Dean?"
Concentrating on his wings, he gently stretches them out, one by one. By and large, they are as intact as they ever are these days, except one. He clenches his teeth when he flexes the main left wing – of
“I don’t get paid enough for this shit,” Dean mutters under his breath. He claps his hands together, making everyone in the room jump and Sam moan in pain. “Alright, here’s what we’re gonna do. Benny, call some of the fire department over here. We’re gonna need some help, Sam’s not a light kid anymore and with two of them, there is no way you and I can do this alone.” Benny nods and slips outside the room, already keying the mic on his shoulder.
Most of what he finds is, indeed, superficial. Cuts, scrapes. He's got puncture wounds around his neck, and a set of claw marks too close to his left eye, but it appears there are no broken bones or significant bleeding. He wipes the dirt out of the cuts on his face, then lifts him back out of the tub and takes him back to the bedroom.
It turns into a strategy session.
Castiel nods, and Dean chuckles. “Would you like some help with that?” Dean asks as he wiggles his fingers into the downy feathers.
Missouri pursed her lips and nodded once. "Alright well, I got you set up in your old room, and Emma's in Sam's. Get your tools and bag, we'll worry about the rest of it later. Come on Jack, let’s go show Miss Emma where she's gonna be staying."
"I don't know!" Cas yells in frustration. He throws up his arms, sensors flying everywhere. He turns away from Dean, hand flying up to his hair and tugging on it.
Dean paled.
Dean shrugged. "It went."
Lisa looks at the ground. “We just wanted to get it done before Dean started his new job.”
Dean struggles to his feet, listing to the side of his broken leg.
He ducks out of the room and asks Garth to pass along the message, then he and Dean make their way to the bathroom. Castiel gets Dean into the shower, where the omega slumps down on the seat. Castiel hands over the handheld showerhead and lets Dean get himself clean from the head down while the Alpha washes his hair. Once Dean is rinsing off, Castiel ducks out of the bathroom and arranges the clothing on the bed into a nest they can lay on, then hurries to Dean's room to get the omega something to sleep in.
Gabriel Milton is sitting in his bus,
from beside him catches his attention, and he looks down to see his partner, Uurzua W597—K9, bomb dog, Belgian Malinois, and his best friend in this God-forsaken place—sitting down on the edge of the road. He’s alerted on something, and Dean throws up his fist in the
"Yeah?"
Dean took two steps toward Bobby, then stopped and scuffed the toe of his shoe on the floor. Bobby closed the distance between the two men, wrapping Dean up in a bear hug.
They run out of the barn and duck again as the barn's roof starts coming off in pieces. They try to yell at each other, but the roar of the tornado drowns them out, and the wind whips away everything else. Dean sees a small structure and smacks Cas' shoulder, pointing to it. They change course. Dean yanks on the door, swearing under his breath when it sticks. He pulls again, desperation rising. Cas grabs the handle too, and after a few pulls, the door swings open, and they duck inside, slamming the door behind them just as another piece of roof flies past.
"Hey, Alpha," Charlie says as she sits down next to him. "Whatcha doin' out here?"
"I'm sorry Dean. If I could go back and change it, I would."
“Gabe, what are you- oh. Hello.”
the bottle into the twister,
“Thank you, Claire.”
Sam laughs, then sees a tornado touching down out of the corner of his eye. "Shit," he swears. He snatches his radio up. "You two gonna wrap this up anytime soon?"
"She's ready. Help me get her out of here."
"Come on, come on."
"Lovely to talk to you too, boss. I'm taking a few more days off."
"Beyond what?"
She follows them until they make camp at one of the backcountry campsites and watches as they gather deadfall and build a fire in the pit. She cocks her head in confusion when they drag out weird brown bags, then huffs a laugh at the woman when she wrinkles her nose at the food contained in them.
"Mhm. It seems Benny has got a bit of a crush on her. Charlie 'ships' it."
"She wants me to get the pack fed." Ellen slows down her frantic movements, and Castiel hurries on. "She wants us to eat and then puppy pile in the living room."
Dean finished securing the ponytail before he turned her around to face him. "You know what, kiddo? If they don't, then fuck 'em. You are the awesomest kid to ever kid, and if they don't want to get to know you, then it's on them." He thought for a second and grabbed the spoon he'd used in his coffee. "You know what? We are starting a new life here. And new lives mean a wish gets granted. So, you want new friends?"
"You'd be correct, Mom," he says before gathering her into a hug and kissing the top of her head. "Thanks."
Castiel flinches and looks away.
Castiel’s words are cut off by a moan when Dean plunges his hand into the feathers of his left wing. He hears the hunter chuckle but pays him no mind, letting his mind drift. When Dean starts running his hands up and down the feathers closest to his back, the pleasure and desire rush back to his body ten-fold.
"Oh, no. No way in hell I'm paying that much for something to strap my stuff to. That's way too much!"
A few seconds later, the damn thing beeps and starts sweeping from side to side, and Cas stomps on the roof. “Hey! It’s working now, thank God. Give me a reading!”
Emma looked away again.
“You got it, man. Now get outta here so I can start out-processing.” A last slap on the back, and Garth steps away, leaving Dean to haul his crap to his room and figure out what needs to go back to supply.
"What an asshole."
Zanna peeks around Dean's legs and growls softly.
And all Stephanie could do was watch helplessly as the life of the talented woodworker from Texas went up in flames.
Cas draws back. “Yeah, that happy news.”
Dean rolled his eyes. "Starving huh? Well, it's a good thing that these are almost done. Better get in there and wash your hands." They ran inside, fighting to get in the door first, and Dean laughed out loud.
"I sure am." She looks over her shoulder and smiles as the sound of Dean's laugh floats up the stairs. "It sounds like old times down there."
Castiel teases as he takes his dinner and jumps down.
Dean looks towards light and realizes that they are in the actual middle of the tornado. Lighting flashes and debris whirl around them, and at the top of the undulating funnel is a circular patch of blue sky.
Dean felt his cheeks warm. "Thanks, Bobby." He cleared his throat and gestured at the items. "What do I owe ya?"
she sneers as she stands up, shaking her fur out.
Later that day, Dean gets a status report on Uurzua from the Major. After he gets off the phone with the Major, he calls his brother, who, of course, chews him out for not calling sooner.
Ellen and Ash cast a glance at her, eyebrows in their hair. "Really?" Ash asks.
Dean hesitates. “I’m not sure yet.”
Well. Before.
After dinner, Ash and Garth shoo everyone into the living room, telling them to decide on a movie while cleaning up. As Benny, Jo, and Gabriel bicker about the choices, Naomi slides over to Castiel.
"Mama, breakfast was at seven, where in the world would I have gone before seven am this morning?" Yeah, Dean was feeling a little grouchy today, but he felt like he had a right at this point. It's been a shitty week.
Cas hums. “It’s been a long time since someone has touched me like this. I’m allowed.”
to see your partner wearing something that you’ve sweated your ass off in, I promise.
"Beautiful!" Gabe says, grinning from ear to ear.
"Bingo," he says, shooting her finger guns as he collapses into one of the chairs he brought with him from the dining room. "And without at least something, we're gonna have a hard time getting set back up."
Dean feels his ears getting warm as he blushes. "Yeah yeah. We can leave the door open since Cosmos isn't around, let him run around and stretch his legs if he wants to. Let's go eat before the pizza gets cold."
"We're going again," Dean tells her.
Both wolves turn and dart away, crashing through the underbrush until the cow finally breaks off and turns back to her calf.
"Guys! We are absolutely
And it does.
"What the- CHARLINE BRADBURY GET OUT OF MY KITCHEN!"
The kitten turns around and races towards Dean, bumping into his shins with his blind side. Dean chuckles and picks him up when the kitten starts trying to climb his leg and deposits him in his lap. They sit there until the sun begins sliding westward and Cas gets home from work. She waves before running in her own house. She exits sans coat and bag and jogs across the yard.
Dean grinned and rolled out of the bed. He grimaced when the air rushed in and turned the spot on his boxers cold though, and hurried after Castiel to the bathroom where he stripped them off as quickly as possible. When Cas beckoned to him, he joined him in the shower and they cleaned each other up with wandering hands. They dried each other off, and Cas dug around for a pair of boxer briefs for Dean to wear. Once they were boxer-clad, they collapsed back into bed, and Cas drew the covers over them. Dean snuggled into Cas' side and threw a leg over Cas'.
"Only a little, and not for what you are thinking," Dean said into her hair. "Baby, why didn't you tell me what was going on?"
"Dude, if you step foot onto my property I will shoot you."
“Yeah, boss!”
Cosmos jumps up in his lap, and he can feel the vibrations in her body from her purr. She walks up his thighs and head butts his chest, dragging the top of her head across his shirt and rubbing her cheeks into his jaw.
The part of the cave they are in is pitch black, so he shifts back a little to roll onto his stomach and get upright a little.
, his brain tells him.
“It’s not like I can use them to fly anymore,” Castiel grumbles.
"You are going to the hospital," Cas chides.
They pull up to Missouri's house. Where a proud two-story house once stood, it now looks like a giant stepped on it, flattening the top floor and shoving the whole place to the side. Almost all of her wind chimes are still standing, and they tinkle in the breeze. Cas flies out of the truck before they even come to a stop.
“I’m just telling this lovely woman all about tornadoes and how they work, Dean.” Gabe grins cheekily at Dean. “You left her with me.”
Lydia huffed. "Fine, whatever. Just hurry up and get them done and filed."
Dean sighed and set the glass down next to him on the top step. "Honestly, Mama? Our whole relationship. But I had no idea she was unhappy with me to the extent she'd cheat on me."
Dean made sure that the couch and recliner were wrapped up correctly and jogged over to the rolling door, pulling it up just as Luc pulled in with the moving truck. They waved at each other and Luc swung the truck around to back into the warehouse.
that question, not the other way around."
Castiel drops the book he's reading in his lap when Ellen's yell rings out of the kitchen, followed closely by a madly cackling Charlie and a grinning Meg hot on her heels. He watches with wide eyes as they dart through the living room and barrel past him and back out the front door, Charlie's laughter still ringing in the air.
"Father, this must not be the right cat, she doesn't have a key on her collar," Gavin says after checking. She growls low in her throat at the feeling of his hands at her neck.
“Yeah, sorry about that. This old girl’s seen better days,” Dean says, patting the inside of the truck lovingly. “She’s got horrible suspension but she drives like a bat out of hell.”
“Alright. Call me back, you hear?”
"Dean-"
Cas nods, remembering. “That’s right,” he says, pointing at Lisa. “Weatherman, right?”
The radio crackles, then Gabe says, "The repo man spends his life getting
but he pays and gathers his bags, putting them in the trunk of the Impala. He's actually looking forward to seeing Cosmos this afternoon. He's never had a pet before, even with Sam's tendency to bring home strays and nurse them back to good health, so Cosmos hanging around is a novel idea for him.
Jody sighs. “Damn it, this is going to be a long day, isn’t it?” She grabs her coffee cup and stands up, looking for the nearest pot to refill it.
"That's good." The sound of a car door slamming echoes through the phone. "I'm heading to the airport now, so I'm going to hand up and drive. Go do as I asked, and I'll see you soon. I love you, Cassie."
"Ohh, now we're talking." She hefts her camera bag up and starts walking in the direction of the noise. "I can finally get some good shots of the water."
"Hey, bright eyes. Stay with me." Cosmos' eyes drop further, and Dean can see her body going lax, so he reaches out to her again, letting a calming spell dance along his fingers. As soon as he touches her, Cosmos jerks and hisses at him again.
Dean asks as they break out of the treeline and angle towards the back porch.
White. Everything is white. And Dean’s ears are ringing again. Mother
"I get by."
Jack slithered down Dean's body and dashed over to Emma, shyly holding his hand out for her to take. The two youngsters clasped hands and dashed up the front steps, and Dean heard giggles drift back to him as they go.
"Is that any way to greet your mother?" she sniffed. She let herself in as Dean rounded the corner out of the living room. "Dean. Glad to see you haven't changed."
For the first time in a long time, Dean believes it. They glide around the oval, sticking close to the fence just in case. Dean’s having a pretty great time until-
. His omega is as happy as a pig in shit, even if they haven't done anything other than kiss that one time.
“Dude, you could give Sammy a lesson in puppy eyes, and he’s the best I’ve ever seen.”
Cas cleared his throat. "Yes. I stopped drinking a few hours ago when I realized what was going to happen."
The sun rises as they barrel towards the F5 cutting a path of destruction through Oklahoma. Cars stream past them, honking, as the crew works as quickly as possible to cut out pinwheel shapes from the cans and attach them to the sensors.
Cas buries his nose in her shoulder for a second. "Sorry to eat and run."
“I can't keep letting my heart get yanked around, Bobby.” He buries his face in his hands. Bobby stays quiet as Dean explains. “Years ago, when I was first in the Marines, I was with a woman who swore there was no one else but me.” He laughs bitterly. “Turns out my deployments were too much for her, cause when I came home on leave she was three months pregnant with some doctor’s kid. Had already informed base housing and my unit and left me with nothing.” He looks up at Bobby. “I can’t do this, Bobby. I just got out of the Marines with nothing to my name. I’ve got nowhere to live right now. I’m not going to—I
Castiel’s Grace rushes up between them in joy. He feels it pulse between them, and Dean gasps as the phantom handprint flares to life again. Castiel inches as close as he can to Dean and asks him, “Are you sure you want this?”
"I'm a wildlife and nature photographer, and you know all the good spots around here humans can't get to."
"Now, you be here by eight sharp Monday morning, you hear?" Garth said as he gave Dean a hug good-bye. "We'll get you settled in during the week, then we'll talk about getting you rotated in on Saturdays. We're closed Sundays though, so you always get Sunday off. You know, with it being the Lord's day and all."
Anna smiles. “You got it, kiddo. Let’s show this town how Novaks enjoy a carnival!”
They share a chuckle and lapse into silence again, listening to whatever is playing on TV.
Dean blanched with her. "Crap."
Cas smiles over at him. “You miss them, don’t you? Your brothers-in-arms?”
They sit down next to the giant tree that Cas informs him will be decorated during the next week and finish their hot chocolate. Dean leans into Cas’ shoulder and smiles at the flowers.
Castiel eyes Dean and sees a smirk spread across the hunter’s face. “Snow angels?”
"Hey Cas," and Charlie's got her 'I'm-so-sly' look on, "I couldn't help but notice how close to Wakita we are."
“Holy crap, really?!”
Cas is casting nervous looks at the tornado, coming closer and closer. "We've got to get out of here."
“There, Uncle Cas. I got him back for you.”
"Forget it, it's too late!"
Garth nodded, tapping a finger to his chin. "All right. Thank you, Dean, for telling me. From here out, I'm going to make sure that you are never out on an install alone so this can't happen again, OK?" Dean nodded and Garth smiled. "Okiedokie, now that we've got that nasty business out of the way, show me what you got!" and led him over to the computer where they pull their online sales for fulfillment.
Cas hummed as he banded his arms around Dean's shoulders. "Likewise." They pulled apart after a few seconds, and Dean watched the smile slip from his friend's face. "How are you really, Dean?"
"It's a wrap around all the way around the house," Cas said as he led Dean outside. "It's all covered too, so no matter what the weather, you can be out here and not worry about getting rained on or frying in the sun. The lake is that way, and you'll be able to see right to it when I get done clearing- mfph."
Military Occupational Specialty. This is the job that we do in the Army or Marines. Every Soldier (Army) or Marine has one from the minute we are enlisted. Every branch has its own way of setting these up, and not all branches have the same jobs. Fun fact—the Army is the only branch with Veterinary Services!
The two men swear as the twister splits. The sisters twirl and twine around each other, and it's a terribly beautiful sight.
“Meg offered me a job in Chicago. As Department Head of History. That’s why she’s here.”
a bunch of corporate kiss-asses,” she says as she flips her blonde hair over her shoulder. Everyone turns away and heads back to their vehicles, but Cas stops Dean with a hand on his arm.
Dean stopped. "Harvelle?"
Castiel’s head snaps up, and he looks around.
The song continues until Missouri's voice trails off, and they all drop off to sleep.
As she runs through the yards, nose twitching at the smells, she thinks about what to do.
Bobby blows out a long breath. “Are you sure about this? That this is the right course of action?”
chaste.
“You’re right, Cas, I don’t like men. But I
She claps and cheers. “Oh, good! Come on, Naomi, we must get to the rest of the shops and tell them what the theme is this year. Come on!” She ushers the group back out the door, and then they’re alone again. Gabe even pokes his head around the counter, making sure the coast is clear.
“We just got an order for like, a hundred cupcakes.”
So yeah, back to normal.
"Nah, solid F2," Dean replies, taking a drink.
Sam lands next to him and hands him a sachet. "Here."
Dean looks over at Charlie. "You didn't use magic to sew him up? And she's not my cat."
“Oh my God, you are such a dork. I’ll let you know what the mechanic says, OK, bitch?”
“’S OK. This is just as good as long as you have the drugs.” Cas hands the bottle over, along with a glass of water, then sits down next to Dean, swapping the glass for a mug once he’s finished tossing down the tablets. Dean quirks an eyebrow. “What’s this?”
“Yes, Dean?”
“Hello,” Lisa says as she takes Cas’ hand. Fuck, her voice is as graceful as the rest of her is. “It’s nice to meet you,” she says as they shake.
Apparently, he lets his mind drift right into sleep because the next thing he knows, Castiel is shaking his shoulder gently.
"She obviously has
Cas leads the way back to his Jeep, lowers the tailgate, and climbs up into the bed. He rips the burlap cover off the tornado instrument pack and looks back at Dean. Cas feels satisfaction rip through him at the sight of Dean standing there, slack-jawed.
"Holy shit," he whispers. Cosmos' entire body softens, and she shoves her way into the blanket burrito with him. She tucks up next to his chest and starts purring as hard as she can (or so it feels when his chest is resonating with her purrs) and starts gently making biscuits in the blanket. He wraps his arms around her and hugs her. "Thank you," he breathes into her fur, realizing that Cosmos very likely saved his ass by shocking him out of his downward spiral. She chirps, nips his chin softly, and they stay curled in each other until Dean calms down enough to loosen his hold on her. She stands up on his thighs and looks at him for a few seconds, head cocked to the side in a way that reminds him of Cas. She evidently comes to some decision, because she rubs her cheeks all over his face. He shivers as her fur rasps through his stubble, and he sets his forehead to hers, rubbing his thumb under her chin. They sit like that until the movie ends and a trailer for Disenchantment starts playing. He looks up, and she jumps down, bolting for the kitchen. He grins at her antics and follows her. She's earned her can of food for the day.
Cas winces. "Liability only." He puts everything back into his bag, towel folded with the mud inside.
Castiel hums and wraps his arms around Dean’s waist. “I’m glad. I’m not sure I have the energy to go chasing you down if you were ‘freaking out'.”
They choose to eat dinner in the kitchen, away from the other pack members, so Dean can lay out some of what Castiel can expect on the run.
Gabriel crows, “It’s go-time!” as everyone scatters. They all scramble to pack shit back into the vehicles. Sam calls out for Claire and Jess to help him as he unlatches the Doppler and lowers it for them to stow away. Gabriel hurries to pack his beach stuff into the bus. As soon as the Doppler is safely stored away, Claire and Jess perform a peculiar finger-snap ritual with each other before darting away.
“Ah, I see,” Cas replies, putting down the package and moving over to Dean. He stands behind him and watches his hands as Dean makes his way through the veggies.
"Dude, yes. That sounds awesome. I'll take you through some of the whitetail trails; see if we can't locate where the herds are right now."
They chat back and forth, getting to know each other, and Dean leans over to Cas. “Where’s the furball?”
"Good night, Cas," Dean whispers before he turns away and disappears into his room.
“Son, you worked for me for free. I think we’re about even. Now get! You’ve got a boy and a dog to reconnect with. Go on, git.” He chases Dean right out of the reception area into the parking lot, slamming the door closed behind him and locking it.
Dean's mouth opens and shuts a few times before he clears his throat. "Um, no, thank you. But-" he hesitates, looking down at his fingers where they are twisted in the sheets. "Will you help me?"
"Mmhmm. And have you bothered to go over to say anything to her?"
"And how are you two this afternoon?" Dean asked the kids.
"Alright. You need to go into the house and get a few things. I'm getting dressed now, and I'll be there in a few minutes. You gotta stay calm, OK?" Dean can hear Sam pulling on clothing as he slides back away from the bushes.
Dean wraps his arms around her, moving them further into the reception area so Sam and Eileen can get out of the wind. “I know, Char. I’m sorry.”
"CAS, WE ARE IN THE DAMAGE PATH!" he yells. "WE'RE OUT OF TIME!" He pushes at Castiel, bullying him into stumbling back until Castiel relents and turns, dashing to the bridge.
Nestled in a pile of leaves just inside the tree line, Dean can see a glint of metal. Mindful of what he's learned from Bobby, he casts around for a long branch and starts poking around in the middle of the leaf pile. After the third prod, a loud
"Fuck. Dude, I really don't want to have Charlie rip me a new one for getting my other hand cut up."
"Damn it, Charlie! What the hell," he grumbles as he pushes himself back up to a sitting position, ignoring the flare of pain going up his side.
sign the papers, right?”
Dean hugged Emma tighter to his chest. "What?!" he whisper-shouted.
The kids climbed out of bed and ran downstairs and Dean and Cas trailed after them. Cas caught Dean's wrist outside of the dining room. "Are you OK Dean?"
Cas narrows his eyes at Dean. "What's the matter, Winchester? Lost your nerve?"
"How's he doing?" Mary asks when Dean ducks out of the guest room.
Dean’s pretty sure his heart is going to leap out of his chest. There is no way this isn't a date, ex-girlfriend be damned. Just to be sure, though, he asks. Cas’ answering grin tells him everything he needs to know. He also manages to find a pair of skates in Dean’s size in the attic. Cas thinks they were his father’s, but really has no idea where they came from.
“What did you make, anyway?” Cas asks around a mouthful of rabbit food.
Dean groans and his head thumps back onto Baby's seat. But he knows that Charlie isn't going to let this go, so he takes a deep breath and tells her everything. His throat is sore by the time he gets done, and Charlie hums.
“Indeed. Get comfortable, Dean. Take your beanie off and get warm. We can figure out what to do after you thaw out a little.” He sets a coffee mug in front of Dean with dancing bees on it. “Do you want cream or sugar?”
Right, the papers! Dean scrambles up from Gabe’s back. Trailing Cas as he moves over to look at Dean’s truck.
"Mm, smells good in here," he said as he accepted the mug of coffee from Dean. "Thank you." He added two spoons of sugar and enough milk to make it a funny tan color and closed his eyes in bliss at his first sip. They exchanged small talk as they ate and Cas waved Dean off from doing the dishes.
Charlie points Dean to the door right next to the desk, so he steps right on through. Inside the bay, he sees his baby and a dude with a battered blue trucker’s cap on walking around her. He steps forward. “Dean Winchester, sir.” Once he’s got the guy’s attention, he sticks his hand out.
“Can you show me how to do this again? I’m sure it won't take long for me to get my ice legs again.” She looks back at Dean. “You don’t mind, do you?”
Charlie's face grows thoughtful. "You kinda need an assistant, huh? Someone to help you in and out of a rig for your wolf."
“Dean?”
“Dean, can you look at me?”
"Take my hand!" Cas says again. Kevin does, and Cas yanks him out of the car and pushes him in front as they run to the hanger. The doors are closed as soon as they make it inside.
"And then what happened?"
"Making tea. But after that, it gets all fuzzy."
“Is it that obvious?” Dean asks as he heads to the hook where “his” coveralls are.
"Yup."
Check out my other stories
Dean shuffles his feet, and Cas finally looks at him. “Well, you see. Um. Oh, fuck it.” Dean leans in and kisses him softly.
"You got it, babe." He presses a kiss to her cheek. "You are the best ever, you know that?"
She nodded.
"Sugar, sit down. We don't need you stinkin' the house up and settin' everyone off.
“Ohhh,” and Lisa looks like she does understand now.
A laugh is startled out of Castiel as Dean throws himself back into the snow, arms and legs splayed out. “Dean, what are you doing?”
That first night is quite possibly the worst in Castiel's existence.
Dean waved him over and Cas took the seat Ellen had abandoned. "Well, I have picked a few things up seeing as I was usually the one eating alone when my wife forgot about my existence." He shrugged as Cas looked at him sadly. "You get used to it after a while."
“What’s the urgent urgency, Dean?” Cas asks, mirroring Dean’s stance. “You act like you’re getting married-”
"I assume this is for you, so have fun with that. But
"I bet we get to see some F4's today," Sam says, leaning back and putting his arm around Jess' shoulders.
"Of course honey."
"Yeah, me too, kiddo," he says as he lays his cheek on her head. They sit in silence for a while until a large dusty red-brown wolf stalks into the clearing.
"Oh my God. We'll be there as soon as possible."
Cas doesn't pick up again, and Dean growls under his breath. When her voicemail finally picks up, he leaves a short message that Cosmos has been hurt and that she's at his place or the vet’s office, depending on what Sam says. He hangs up and calls Donna, waking her up and relaying Sam's message to her. She promises to be there as soon as possible and hangs up.
“Well, at the risk of sounding like an ass, I reckon you’ll figure it out, Winchester. Let's get this formal shit out of the way and get you out of this overgrown litter box, huh?”
Jess blows a kiss to him in response as she laughs at whatever story Sam is telling her from the morning's clients. Dean shakes his head at her in exasperation as he gathers up his things and hauls out of the bakery before she makes good on her threat.
Missouri scoffed and rolled her eyes. "Is there any other kind?" She waved at him and let herself in the front door.
to smell again, let alone here, hits him.
Dean tried to parse out the insult but considering he was in a bar, and drunk to boot, he couldn't disagree with her statement. "Hey there Ruby. Need any more furniture delivered?"
Charlie grinned at the two of them. "I think we're gonna get along just fine."
Cas wedges himself under the cross beam, facing away from the truck to protect his face from the wind, and Dean wraps his arms around the support column, body draped over Cas' to help shield him from the stinging wind. They hear a groan over the sound of the tornado and look behind them in time to see the Jeep lift a little before dropping back to the ground and ramming into the bridge. Dean drops down to Cas and wraps his arms around the cross beam and Castiel, hoping the truck doesn't pulverize the wooden structure—and them with it.
Sam and Jess must have just hit the last little hill because Sam's voice rings through the radio. "Whoo-hoo! See kids, this is the stuff
Cas tilts his head to the side. "Do you?"
“Heh. It’s uh, mistletoe.”
Castiel sighs but nods his head in agreement. "I need to call Mom anyway, get her to take on all of this."
"I think that's a lovely idea," Cas says as she tugs Dean to her side and draws him into a hug. “Absolutely wonderful.”
He’s got Baby, his ‘67 Impala, packed to the gills with his important shit and one last box of gear he has to return. The kennels are on the other side of the base from the gate he’ll leave through, but he needs to say goodbye to the dogs. And return Zuzu’s gear.
The door rips open to reveal a tiny brunette woman. She glares at Dean, a scowl twisting her lips. “
“Yeah,” Dean breaths. This is going so much better than he could have hoped, assuming he’d dared to do so. “This is awesome.”
“Mm-hmm. I’m sure Gabe is wondering where dinner is, too.”
"Got everything?"
True, but- “Are you going to make me dress up like an elf if I do?”
"Dean, stop teasing."
Abbadon has taken Dean. Has taken Zanna.
Dean joins in. "We need cutters and duct tape! Sam, Jess, we need to get the last TOTO on the back of my truck. Get the sensors out of them and into the vans. Leave all the cars we don't need behind. I want as many people working on this as we can get."
Castiel raises an eyebrow at Dean and casts a glance back to his wings. They are ragged and unkempt, and he cannot see what Dean sees so he shrugs and lets it go.
Castiel looks at the tree-topper in his hands and sighs. He hands it over to Dean, who is perched on a step ladder and is making a “give it here” motion to him. “I still don’t understand why we are decorating the bunker for this holiday. You don’t even follow any of the religions that celebrate it.”
Missouri patted his cheek. "If it makes you feel any better, honey, you weren't the only one who appreciated Leah in her slave outfit a little too much."
Hell, he’ll do anything to make her happy, and he knows it.
"Hey, honey," Missouri said as she walked into Emma's room. "Your dad called a while ago and he said he'd be home soon. Do you want me to tuck you in?"
Garth nodded. "Did it get physical?"
"Boy really grew up, didn't he?"
Cas' eyes were wide. "Wow. Sounds like you had an exciting day."
Sam awkwardly tries to dispel the tension. "How about some steak and eggs?"
“Thank you.” Dean tumbles out of the car, grabs his bag, and doesn't look back.
Missouri stood next to Dean, barely coming up to his shoulder. "She'll be OK, baby. She's gonna go through a rough patch, but she'll be OK."
Comet takes a cursory sniff at Dean and must decide that he likes what he smells. He stands up on the table, body swaying with the force of his tail wag.
