“You mentioned that, too.” Sherlock smiled, his cold hand covering John’s own once more.
Sherlock’s reply was muffled by the bedsheets but still understandable. “So then go to bed.”
John took a moment to register his surroundings. The ridiculous floral pattern to the wallpaper that could only be the Cross Keys room, a brightly glowing lamp that was teetering dangerously close to the edge of his bedside table almost like it had been knocked, and Sherlock sitting beside him on the bed with steady hands holding his shoulders. John’s gaze darted across the room, looking for the hound or some sign of a battlefield, but there was none.
Theo chuckled tiredly as John walked away. The various doctors and nurses he saw on his way to Room 83 all scattered as soon as they saw him coming. Sherlock must be moping really badly for them to all react that way, John concluded with a sigh.
“Um, yes,” John said frowning at her slightly. “Is this about Sherlock?”
When he walked through the doors John was glad it had only taken two minutes to get there. The tall, dark-skinned man he presumed to be Theo was sitting behind the front desk and actually sighed in relief when he saw John come in.
“Oh,” John mumbled, and then, “
“John! John, it’s alright, you’re alright now.”
Lestrade wandered over to the desk that Sally and Anderson were standing at. “Alright, please tell me one of you took notes on all that?”
John nearly face-planted into the cushions after taking his shoes off, Sherlock following close behind and slinging an arm around John’s waist with an indignant huff, like he couldn’t bear not to be touching the man for any period of time.
John snorted softly and just turned back to his own tea. They sat in silence for a few minutes before John asked, “Wanna watch some more crap telly?” and Sherlock grinned while grabbing the remote and switching on the tv.
Reached out and managed to clumsily catch hold of a wrist. Someone’s wrist. Wasn’t sure who’s until the fabric on that wrist shifted down to reveal porcelain skin –
Sally Donavon may have over-exaggerated a little about Sherlock to John when they’d first met. Sherlock wasn’t a completely heartless machine. He was just a
“Good morning, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft returned, taking another sip of his tea. “Would you mind listening in about this case?”
However, it was the middle of December and therefore bloody cold, so John gave in. He tugged the sheets firmly back over both of them and, before Sherlock could yank them back, he slid his arms around Sherlock’s waist.
“Um, don’t forget to check the bandages every few hours,” Molly hastily blurted out when in became apparent they were leaving. “And don’t let him do any exercise, he’s lost quite a bit of blood.”
“I know,” she said sympathetically – she didn’t know though, not truly, but John smiled at her anyway. “It must have been so hard after the fall.”
It took a few moments for John to get the implication, and when he did it took another few moments for him to remind himself that
“We can assure you, the killer of General Shan is not the same person who killed the taxi driver,” Sherlock informed him, biting his lip subtly to keep from laughing again. “I know the killer of the cabbie personally, and I can assure you that the murder was a one-off. The shooter was merely stepping in, in the only way possible, to save my life.”
Mary was actually there for the waking after that. John remembered. Sherlock had fallen asleep at the bedside, cold hand still s lapsed in John’s, long legs folded up and head tilted onto the mattress, coat and suit jacket discarded leaving him in his rumpled bespoke shirt, and with mussed curls. Mary was laying down next to John in the bed and it took him a long moment to notice that it was nighttime. It took him longer to notice that the pounding in his head was gone even though he could feel something still bugging his senses. It took him even longer to notice that the something bugging him was Mary’s arm resting against his back – the angle felt awkward for him and the touch was too warm. The entire experience of endlessly waking up too warm, too warm, too warm had ruined warmth for him.
Lestrade was somewhat used to Sherlock’s quiet days. He’d show up, look at the crime scene, run off after the suspect and return them to the Yard, all in complete silence. He wouldn’t say a word to anyone, and while that was normally fine it was decidedly bad when they needed specific information.
much of anything beyond the fog in his head and the coolness of Sherlock’s hand where it rested just below the wound, thumb moving slowly back and forth in time with John’s pulse.
“Ah, yes, Mr Reynolds.” Sherlock paused, adjusted the focus some more and then announced, “Hated him. No, I’ve moved into a new flat, with John. Mrs Hudson, the landlady, is used to my experiments, and she’ll tell me not to burn the house down, but she knows there’s nothing she can do about them.”
John belatedly realised that he was reciprocating the touch, his own arms having wound around Sherlock’s waist without his brain ever giving them permission.
Prompt: ‘Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end’. This is true for everyone except John. Or - three times Sherlock wouldn’t speak to anyone except John.
“They mean
Sherlock grinned – full on
Sarah, of all people, walked into view with a clipboard full of paperwork. “For you to sign,” she said, noticing where his gaze had gone. “They just need your signature to confirm you as his emergency contact, and so that they can legally discharge your flatmate here.”
John glanced back up at Sherlock, who was grinning like the madman he was. “Why are you so bloody happy?”
“Yes, John, it’s me,” she said in a slightly fraying voice as she came to sit on the edge of the bed. “You’ve been injured. The blow to your head is causing confusion. It’s okay if you feel a bit out of sorts.”
Sherlock shook his head, smiling at him as if to say, ‘
really was what John was addicted to, she didn’t want any part of it. She wanted John in her life in a normal capacity, as her normal husband, and she wanted things to continue progressing in the way that they had been before Sherlock had unceremoniously crashed back into both of their lives.
“I’m not leaving,” Sherlock reassured him. “I’m coming in the ambulance with you, I promise.”
“Alright,” he said, feeling himself slip into what Sherlock called his ‘boring lecture tone’. “Whatever it is you two are keeping me out of the loop on, you need to spill. ‘Cause my career is kinda riding on this.” Okay, not technically true, but it sobered them up somewhat.
Mycroft shouldn’t have been surprised. After all, when he’d read the case file on the Chinese smuggling gang that had managed to sneak into his country, he’d seen Doctor Watson’s statement claiming that the gang believed him to be Sherlock Holmes because of the credit card and cheque found in his pocket, along with various other items in Sherlock’s name.
Word Count: 2176
A slight dip of his head was the closest he could get to a nod, and it still sent his vision spinning on its axis.
“Um, yeah, it is,” John replied, confused as to why a hospital would be calling him at half past eight at night.
John realised slightly too late that he was, in fact, smiling. “So are you,” he shot back, sliding the emergency contact paper back to Theo.
to go to bed.”
Mary waited until the three of them were completely involved in the conversation before leaning over and saying quietly to John, “You two are very touchy.” She glanced meaningfully at the space between John and Sherlock, and John didn’t even have to follow the gaze to know that she was looking at their clasped hands. He brushed a thumb softly over the back of Sherlock’s hand and smiled when the man shifted his grip, those slender violinists fingers intertwining with John’s own.
he loved Mary, at some point. But John
As they all filed out of the room, Lestrade turned to John. “How the hell did you do that?”
“You got my phone?” John asked casually, handing Sherlock’s phone over to the man.
Everyone was silent for a moment. Molly held her breath. Lestrade looked on with a confusing myriad of emotions. Mary watched, finally seeming to figure out who Sherlock was.
Good. It didn’t matter how unwittingly, no one was allowed to hurt John.
In the minute or two John had been gone Sherlock had somehow managed to find what looked like every blanket they owned and had piled them on top of himself. John chuckled as he pushed aside some of the blanket pile so he could actually see Sherlock, who was currently half-curled in on himself, tired eyes tracking John’s movements across the room as he laid down the tea and then went over to try and dismantle Sherlock’s blanket pile. Once Sherlock realised what he was doing he huffed and tried to grab some of the blankets back, but John just swatted his hands away and ignored his protests.
John moved around to the other side of the table to pass Lestrade his coffee, before placing his own cup down on the table and handing the last one to Sherlock, who took it with an distracted, “Thanks, darling.”
The next time John got the call, he had the number saved to his phone as ‘
“I was
“Well that’s not an answer, is it?” John said when it became clear that Sherlock wasn’t going to do any more than that. The man in question just hummed and burrowed tighter into the cushions.
,” the man drawled, looking deliberately at where there were still holes in the wall from the last time Sherlock had gotten bored. “Me, Mrs Hudson and the wall would beg to differ, love.”
“Thank God,” he groaned. “He’s been moved back to Room 83. He was scaring the other patients.”
John chuckled, pulling open the door and gesturing Lestrade, Sally and Anderson inside. “Oh, you’d be surprised.”
John walked back into the living room to find that Sherlock had already taken his shower while John had been getting changed. His curls looked darker and glossier when they were wet, and he wordlessly looked John over, looking for any sign of injury.
learn about caring?”
“It’s okay,” John replied with a slight smile of his own. “Let’s just get you home.”
Note: this one is bloody short but hey! Two chapters in one night! Yay, productivity!
“What? Yes, yes it is, he let me borrow it this morning and I must have forgotten to give it back. He’ll be fine for a while, if I’ve got his phone then he’s got mine. Now, these small markings here on the shoes show-”
Sherlock didn’t waste a second in retorting. “I may be a high-functioning sociopath, but I do have a perfectly normal flatmate, you know.”
He held back until Mary was finished. Didn’t remember where he’d found the strength, since the little strength he had left was most definitely waning at that point.
As soon as he was well enough to get out of bed John went with Sherlock back to 221B. It wasn’t permanent, of course, since John was determined to break away from Mary slowly. But he would be moving, at some point. Just not right then.
, of all people, was probably a bad idea.
“Your girlfriend would be jealous,” commented a voice from behind them and John nearly jumped. He hadn’t heard anyone come in.
John rolled his eyes, but the slight smile tugging at the corners of his lips didn’t go unnoticed by Sherlock, who smiled back.
John remembered waking up shaking, warm not cold, but unable to stay still as disjointed images of the past flashed across his vision – a broken body on a sidewalk; cameras flashing and people asking questions while John and Sherlock kept their heads down; blood spread across the concrete and pooling at the source; a front page picture of Sherlock in ‘that hat’; dark, wild curls,
“Us?” John mumbled, glancing around as much he could and catching sight of Mary hovering in the doorway. He stared at her for a few moments, brow furrowed, before his expression cleared and he muttered, “Mary.”
’ under his breath while Molly silently let out a breath of relief. Forget his usual icy exterior, Sherlock could be downright terrifying when he wanted to.
Lestrade glanced back at John for help, not really in the mood to deal with Sherlock apparently being the only knowledgeable person in the room. Surprisingly, John seemed to have most of the information too, this time around.
Mary seemed to sense where his thoughts were headed, and so she turned the conversation that way too. “It must be good, having Sherlock back after so long.”
He didn’t have much time to focus on her before Sherlock was talking to him and immediately taking up all of his attention.
“This morning,” Sherlock answered, looking up now that John was involved in the conversation. Molly didn’t think he knew he did that, paid more attention to John than other people. Or maybe he knew and he just didn’t care. John was his flatmate after all. “My suit jacket reeked of chlorine so I couldn’t wear it today.”
’, Sherlock would never ignore him. Even in the middle of a heated argument they’d temporarily break off the feud to recite takeaway orders or discuss whose turn it was to make the tea.
“What happened?” Sherlock asked lowly, a small frown pulling at the corners of his mouth as if he was afraid that the question might set John off again. It didn’t though, because he could feel Sherlock
“It’s very late, Sherlock, and I’d hate to keep you up,” Mary said as she finally opened the first aid kit and began to methodically clean the blood away from John’s cut. “You can head back home if you want.”
“To save you,” he began, his voice unusually rough for someone the public called an ‘icy, emotionless machine’. But neither John nor Sherlock were thinking about the public in that moment. They were thinking of each other and no one else.
Sherlock shared a look with John, and an understanding seemed to pass between them. “It’s not the smell itself, but the bad memories it sparks.”
“Sorry, who’s this?” she asked, nodding at Sherlock. “Is he someone I should know?”
John just sighed and turned to face Sherlock. In the darkness of the room his curls looked wilder, his eyes seemed darker and his lashes cast impossibly long shadows over those cheekbones.
waking, where his vision of the world had fallen back into place but the sheets felt scratchy against his skin and any warm touch left him squirming. Sherlock was there, shirtsleeves rolled up so as not to aggravate John’s senses and cold, gentle touch a welcome reprieve from the warm touch that flared up his senses. Mary wasn’t there in the beginning, but came later and put a hand on John’s forehead to check his temperature and John was barely noticing that it was
“What?” John rubbed the bridge of his nose, hoping beyond hope that Sherlock wasn’t about to launch into a case while he was sick. “What are you talking about?”
John snorted. “Predicament? Sherlock, it’s a cold for God’s sake, it won’t kill you. And the tea tastes sweet because I put honey in it. It’ll help with your throat.”
“Another question, Molly?” Sherlock inquired from behind his microscope with another annoyed sigh.
Molly gaped.
’. And Sherlock would reach out and let his fingers clasp desperately around John’s wrist in a silent plea for him to stay.
Both of them forgot about Mary.
John hummed, looking down at Sherlock. “Another quiet day?” he said, directing the question to Sherlock. Mycroft was about to chime in and answer for him when Sherlock answered with a simple, “Yep.”
Mycroft stared. Neither man across from him seemed to notice. He had come around to Baker Street to check on the case he’d given them recently and had found both men half asleep at the table after pulling an all-nighter to chase suspects around London. Sherlock had been making tea when he’d come in and had wordlessly pulled out another cup to put a teabag in. Mycroft had accepted the tea without a word – goodness knows he’d be glared at if he so much as said thank you. John didn’t have any qualms about expressing thanks, though, as was made evident by the unnecessary term of endearment added onto the end.
John rapped his knuckles against the open door, not wanting to startle the nurse who was hovering near Sherlock and checking various read-outs on a nearby machine. Sherlock immediately looked up at the sound, his haggard look brightening when his eyes landed on John. John barely had time to look Sherlock over – sickly pallor, tired eyes, flattened curls, slumped posture – before the nurse turned around and promptly glared at him while John internally cursed his luck.
“I said I was sorry,” he mumbled, moving to grab another Petri dish.
“Ah, yes, John this is Molly, one of my lab partners,” Sherlock said offhandedly, his eyes focusing on the floor as he began mumbling things about his experiment.
Word Count: 3705
Not just another human being, even, his own flatmate! Sherlock was a notoriously hard person to live with and even in the small fantasies of domestic bliss that Molly sometimes allowed herself, she never imagined actually living with Sherlock. Too many angry landlords had come to Barts looking for him for Molly to even
say no to it.”
Sherlock snorted. “That’s not the only reason, otherwise you wouldn’t be interrogating me on trivial matters.”
He was so used to it that walking into the kitchen to see Sherlock wearing the Barts t-shirt, that he could swear had been in his wardrobe just minutes ago, didn’t startle him at all. He was so used to it that coming home from work to find Sherlock buried under piles of blankets and wearing his jacket didn’t phase him in the slightest.
But now Sherlock – possibly the most unsociable man to ever have lived – had found a flatmate, someone who had stuck around for eight whole weeks, didn’t mind the potentially hazardous experiments on the kitchen table, had apparently been involved in Sherlock’s cases and was still nice enough to the man that Sherlock had called him a sweetheart.
John remembered the
Sherlock was in a worse state this time than he had been previously. John only had to take one look at him, sitting in a plastic folding chair with his arm wrapped in a cast, to know that this particular injury would take far longer to heal than any of the previous ones.
(They did)
Sally whacked Anderson on the arm, prompting him to close his mouth. They both turned to look incredulously at Lestrade, who sighed and made a ‘leave it’ gesture.
simple enough, but things were rarely ever so one-dimensional when it came to Sherlock Holmes.
“Sherlock,” Molly said calmly for what felt like the billionth time. “What happened to the skeleton of Martha Dunn that we left in the lab?”
Prompt: Sicfic. It floofy, pls read.
He took a shower first, feeling cleaner than he had for days as he watched the leftover ash for the fire swirl down the drain. He found some of his clothes in the closet, along with a Barts t-shirt that he honestly wasn’t sure anymore if it was his or Sherlock’s, since they both wore it whenever they could.
“He enjoys following you around to gory crime scenes,” Anderson pointed out. Sherlock paused briefly and then tilted his head, acquiescing the point. “And he called you an idiot just before he left. That’s not very caring.”
close enough to him to remove things from his pockets.
, at the absolute lunatic that was his flatmate. He knew the point Sherlock was getting at – of course he did – and he understood the feeling. After John had been injured by that Chinese smuggling gang, Sherlock had hovered around him until the injuries had healed and then some. He could have been out helping the police with catching the rest of the gang members, but instead he stayed with John.
As it turned out, the warning was completely warranted.
Sherlock smiled sheepishly. “A few nights ago, around midnight I believe.”
, John.”
before instinctively jerking away.
. Sherlock Holmes had just called John Watson
Lestrade was the second person to witness it. He was out on a case, watching Sherlock scuttle around the scene like some kind of demented spider, when he spotted something odd.
“It’s not deep,” he said to himself, “Shouldn’t need stitches.”
“Alright, just give your name to front desk when you get here and they’ll send you through,” Lora told him before hanging up.
), Sherlock was bleeding out of the concrete (
Sherlock chose that moment to walk into the room, shrugging on his coat. He rolled his eyes slightly when he heard her saying that, but he didn’t speak to anyone, including John.
“Now that you’re not in shock you will feel the pain,” Sherlock said, barely finishing before white-hot agony flooded through John and he gasped.
John tried to smile, tried to continue the conversation, tried to take another bite of his food…
He should move back. Move away, retreat back to a healthy distance and continue fighting not to get even more attached to the ridiculous madman currently clinging to him like a limpet, hands as cold as always but body warm as he pressed himself even closer in a sleepy daze –
Sherlock huffed indignantly, but John could see the desire for sleep weighing him down as well. Sherlock sighed and slowly slid out of the bed, landing on the floor with a dull thump. He stayed there for a moment before standing up and face planting into his own bed, just across from John’s.
“They seem to care very much about whatever trail they’ve left,” Sherlock finally declared. “It’s been scrambled up but there still has to be some kind of a pattern.”
waiting.
. He’d waited nearly two years for Sherlock to come back, and so a few hours were the very least the detective could do in return.
It was the feeling that someone cared, would always have your back, that there was someone you could count on to never leave when it really mattered. It was the feeling that made John tangle his fingers in Sherlock’s hair again, staying there with the sick man even though he could have been out on another date with Sarah. Sherlock came first for John, and John came first for Sherlock. That was just how it worked.
Sally stilled, thinking back to the casual ‘thanks, darling’ that had been uttered earlier. Maybe there
John nodded dazedly, allowed Sherlock’s hand to slip away from his own. He stepped up into the ambulance, his eyes unfocused, and allowed the paramedics to lay him down and begin working on his shoulder.
Sherlock coughed quietly into his tea, and that was all the answer John needed. “Wow, you must be the luckiest person alive to not have caught it before now,” he commented, sipping his own tea and steadfastly ignoring the way Sherlock was leaning more and more into him with each passing moment.
Molly screamed. And then immediately apologised. Lestrade mumbled something under his breath, flat-out staring at the pair at the desk, who simply stared back. The only person who didn’t seem shell-shocked was Mary, who was simply looking back and forth between them all with mild confusion.
On a much more macabre note, John had absolutely no clue how he was going to deal with a drugged-up Sherlock Holmes for the next who knew how long. He guessed he was just going to have to wing it.
an idiot, seeing as how he’d used the word about three times in the past twenty seconds of his mini-rant.
“Hello, this is Lora from St. James’s Hospital. Is this John Watson?”
Of course the nurse tending to Sherlock would be Cerise, the ex-girlfriend he’d broke up with just a few hours ago.
Pale fingers loosen their grip around John’s wrists as Sherlock’s processes that for a moment. “Oh, John,” he said in a low, comforting murmur. “I could never live without you either.”
Prompt: Injury. Set after the bonfire incident in s3 ep1.
to know this,” he stressed, watching as Sherlock paced the room in front of him. “If you remember any of the book titles, then you need to tell us what they were.”
“John! John?”
“I’m surprised you two haven’t just put down ‘boyfriend’ and gotten it over with,” Theo commented and John spluttered for a moment.
“Oh, everyone needs sleep. I’m not quite sure John would appreciate you hovering anyway. I can give you a call when he wakes up.”
Chapter Titles are from the song Arcade by Duncan Laurence. Dedicated to Jofflock on YouTube for their videos, specifically ‘Loving you is a losing game | Sherlock [S1-S4]’. The link for the video is
A team of people from Research stood behind her, watching as Sherlock completely ignored them all, peering through his microscope instead at what appeared to be an eyeball.
It wasn’t a question, not really, and so John didn’t answer. Mary nodded slowly to herself, still looking at John, then at Sherlock, then back at John.
and plastered to his side like he had no intention of ever leaving? That moment was the healing that they both deserved.
John didn’t remember a lot in the moments after that, but he did remember Sherlock crouching beside where John had collapsed to his knees, hands on John’s shoulders as he murmured to him, low and soothing. John didn’t quite remember the exact words but they brought him most of the way back from the dark corner his mind had started to retreat to.
John just sighed,
John nodded along to Molly’s explanation until the blood loss became apparent when Sherlock made to stand and his legs nearly buckled. John shot forwards and wrapped a steadying arm around the man’s waist, making sure to mind the cuts and ignoring the déjà vu he was getting regarding the last time he’d picked Sherlock up from hospital and left in the exact same way.
Sherlock appeared by his side, doctor now nowhere in sight, and reached out to help without having to be asked. Between them they managed to ease John’s arm into the jumper without causing too much pain to his injury.
“Yeah, they said,” John mumbled, finishing off the stitches and reaching for a bandage to place over the wound. “They didn’t say what the experiment was, though.”
John smiled and wrote down something that he knew Sherlock wouldn’t change.
It took three days for the drugs to run their course completely. John’s recollection was slightly blurred but he still remembered most of what had happened.
“Lab accident,” Sherlock said simply, eyes on John’s face instead of his hands. It was hands-down the greatest compliment of his life that Sherlock trusted him enough to not keep a careful eye on what he was doing. He’d seen Sherlock get stitches before in the aftermath of some of their cases, and he always refused treatment unless he could watch what the doctors were doing.
The restaurant was fancy, the food was nice, and the company was okay. Mary spun tales of the patients that had come in while he’d been on leave and John smiled and tried his best to pay attention. He liked Mary, he really did, she was nice and when Sherlock was gone she’d helped take his mind off things. But now Sherlock was back and John was sorely missing cold fingers and wild curls, the gentle contact that confirmed Sherlock was still there and not about to disappear at any moment.
“Have you solved it?” asked Lestrade, echoing her thoughts.
Even stranger was the fact that Sherlock didn’t seem to mind, or even acknowledge it as something out of the ordinary. Almost like they were used to it.
. The hands shifted, one moving to cup the back of John’s neck and the other rubbing small, comforting circles against his shoulder blade. John just breathed, his eyes gradually refocusing on the worried man standing in front of him. Sherlock didn’t say anything, just let John breathe and John was so, so grateful for him in that moment.
That did nothing to slow John’s concern. Despite the original warning of ‘
John began inspecting the cast, one hand resting on Sherlock’s shoulder to hold him up. The wrap of the bandages underneath showed that there were multiple point of focus, which meant multiple breaks. The breaks were at various spots across Sherlock’s forearm, and John was so focused on memorising their precise locations in case it was needed later that he didn’t even notice Cerise coming back in with her clipboard full of paperwork.
“He kept asking for you when I tried to patch him up,” she continued and suddenly John understood her bitterness. He’d seen her around before, when they’d gone quickly in and out of the morgue for cases. Whenever he saw her she’d be looking after Sherlock with a helpless expression, and John knew attraction when he saw it. Yes Sherlock could be an insufferable, arrogant git when he wanted to be but he was also
“What about now?”
They – Mary and Sherlock, that was – managed between them to coax John into staying awake during the walk to his new flat. His and Mary’s new flat. Once they got there John immediately collapsed onto the bed with another quiet groan and went to touch the cut on his forehead. Sherlock gently caught his wrist and held his hand away.
,’ he later commented dully in his head, when John met up with them at the Yard. The doctor had been off getting information from Sherlock’s older brother about something that linked in with their current case.
John tried again. “Sherlock, I
That. Above all,
The way she phrased it made it sound like Sherlock had just been off on holiday, but John couldn’t quite blame her for the assumption even though he’d seen the harsh scars on Sherlock’s back that proved against it.
It was just something they had fallen into, easily, habitually. Calling one another ‘love’ or ‘darling’ was just as easy as calling one another ‘git’ or ‘idiot’. All of them meant the same thing, all of them were said with an underlying fondness.
Sally stared and almost dropped her coffee cup. Anderson gaped open-mouthedly. Lestrade just sighed tiredly, like this was a common occurrence.
Detective Inspector Lestrade had meant to follow up on the taxi driver case in the few days after the ordeal. But an influx of cases came in so he had to postpone his visit to 221B for quite a while. He even missed out on the interesting-sounding case of the Chinese smugglers a few months later. But the cases finally slowed down and he was able to take an afternoon ‘off’ to go ask Sherlock about their mysterious shooter from the taxi driver case, and also apparently from this Chinese case since the ringleader had been found shot dead in a hotel room not far from where the cabbie had been killed.
Then Sherlock snorted and proceeded to bury his face back into John’s shoulder.
Lestrade tuned out as Sherlock started prattling on about gravel and pavement differences. He knew that John and Sherlock were flatmates, he knew they were
“John, I need you to look at me.” John struggled but managed to comply, his gaze finding worried ocean eyes. “That’s it. Just keep your eyes fixed on me.”
Sherlock could never help himself. Everything he ‘stole’, he ‘stole’ because it reminded him of John. He only took things when John wasn’t there – which he did actually notice, he just chose to continue talking to the empty flat in an attempt to stave off loneliness.
“Yeah you are,” John chuckled, finishing up on the final cut on his temple and smoothing his thumb over it gently before stepping back and peeling off his surgical gloves. “Now come on, you idiot, let’s go home before you hurt yourself again.”
There was a brief hesitation on the other side of the line, followed by, “Hello again, Doctor Watson. Yes, Mr Holmes is faring fine, although he woke up just a few minutes ago and was asking for you.”
The hazy fog lifted somewhat. A cool hand on his forehead, providing a welcome contrast to the leftover heat on his skin from the fire. He knew that hand, knew it from the many other times he’d been injured.
The anxiety would rear it’s head when John would step away from Sherlock and his mind would whisper, ‘
“Put it out onto the stairwell, on the third floor,” Sherlock replied immediately, seeming annoyed at himself for actually talking. “Can I stop now?”
Sherlock did not respond.
As it turned out, Sherlock was moping really badly. He was sitting on a gurney in Room 83 and he perked up slightly when he saw John but still continued with his very obvious pouting. He didn’t seem too badly injured, just a bit ruffled. His shirt was rumpled and his curls were once again completely wild – a sight that was becoming very familiar.
and also because
John just sighed, long used to Sherlock’s non-existent sleep schedule. And when Sherlock stretched out across the couch and put his head in John’s lap, John didn’t comment. He just smiled to himself and silently twisted dark curls between his fingers.
John closed his eyes with a sigh, honestly not even bothered to correct another ex about the fact that
John was sat at the desk, typing at his computer, with a person clinging onto him like a limpet from behind. The mystery person’s face was buried in John’s shoulder, so all Molly could see was a mop of dark curls.
And even if none of that had been true, it was still true that Sherlock had stayed with him, a constant, throughout those three days. Mary hadn’t been there at all, assuming the problem would fix itself and that John wouldn’t need help, so she didn’t offer any.
The grins they give one another were open, ecstatic and
Sherlock listened especially attentively. He asked a few extra questions while John changed back into his normal clothes and out of the hospital gown he’d been put into. John reached a bit of a loss when he got to his jumper, realising that he wouldn’t quite be able to manoeuvre it over his injured shoulder by himself.
They made their way down the corridors at a slower pace than usual, John’s limp choosing that moment to make a reappearance. Sherlock left John briefly at the front desk to go and talk to Mycroft about paying the hospital bill, since he was the one to bring the case to them. Theo was there once again, offering John a smile.
So Molly just shook her head, turned and left, but not before contemplating the possible, ah, attachment Sherlock might have formed to his new flatmate.
John frowned and used the minor puzzle-solving skills he’d picked up from living with Sherlock to analyse the man. For once, Sherlock didn’t complain about the attention, his eyes slowly drifting closed again as John scanned him with trained eyes. The doctor in him – however unused to anything non-life-threatening recently – immediately picked out the symptoms. Apparent tiredness, lack of coordination, sluggish movements, eyes squinting slightly even though the sun was barely up, near-inaudible sniffles and a pink flush high on those sharp cheekbones. Sherlock hadn’t spoken yet, but when he eventually did John would bet his life savings that his voice would be hoarse.
The common denominator was quickly found to be touch. If John’s shoulder was pressed against Sherlock’s while they made the tea then Sherlock knew he was there and had no intention of leaving. And if Sherlock’s hand remained on John’s shoulder while he typed out an email then John knew he was there and not on a blood-covered sidewalk outside the hospital. All they had to do was maintain physical contact, at all times. Overlooking one small disagreement about which bed they’d sleep in – because of course they slept together, how else would they stop the nightmares? – aside from that, it was all fine. Any outsider would say it was easier than expected, but it was really just another layer to John and Sherlock’s friendship, and not even a completely foreign one at that. Touch had always been welcomed before, it just hadn’t been as necessary then as it was now.
right now, you idiot.”
,” Sherlock replied, pouting. “I never
Molly snapped her mouth closed and debated asking if he’d meant to say that –
he and Sherlock were safe, even without opening his eyes. He could feel Sherlock’s chest rising and falling against his own, knew that he was breathing and alive and therefore safe, knew that they were there together and therefore not on a battlefield in the middle of a war.
“Right, then, don’t forget to call me if you need me,” he said, looking pointedly at both men since he knew Sherlock probably wouldn’t and John seemed sensible enough to do it for him.
“Alright,” Sherlock murmured soothingly as some of John’s pain apparently registered on his face. “Safe now, John. You’re alright.”
It was gaining, coming closer. John was so focused on the hound that he didn’t even see the rifle aiming for him or hear the gunshot as the bullet flew towards him.
“You know what I mean, you git,” he said, with no shortage of fondness, as he headed into the kitchen and left Lestrade standing there with Sherlock, who was just putting his violin back in its case.
“Hmm?” Sherlock looked up, blinking a few times before actually focusing on John. “John?”
the possibility of living with him.
John carefully shifted away from Mary’s arm, heaving a silent sigh when the warmth was gone. He’d then looked up to find Sherlock gazing back at him tiredly with an oddly open look on his face. The eye contact held for one moment, two, and then John’s lips were quirking up and Sherlock’s were doing the same and they were both trying not to laugh in the eerily silent night. Mary blearily raising her head sobered them up slightly, although the persistent smile tugging at John’s mouth didn’t seem to want to go away. A cold finger traced his palm before Sherlock smiled at him and closed his eyes.
“Hi Theo, is it Sherlock?”
John huffed annoyedly. “I can’t, you git, you’re lying on my bed!”
The wardrobe was the only part of John’s original room that he still used anymore, and Sherlock settled himself on the unused bed while John rooted through his clothes for something to wear. Sherlock kept his foot pressed gently against the back of John’s calf, just in case – just in case John might decide to leave or Sherlock might suddenly be back on that sidewalk in a pool of blood. They talked while John looked, easily falling back into old banter.
John looked back at him and echoed the smile. “Oh, God, yes.”
, if that was even possible.
But there was a difference between seeing and knowing something, and actually experiencing it firsthand. Sherlock’s chest rose and fell from where it was pressed against John’s, the genius shuffling even closer in search of warmth. He had one arm slung around John’s back and his long legs tangled with John’s own beneath the covers.
John shuffled closer, nudging his foot against Sherlock’s under the covers. Sherlock nudged back, shuffling in himself and throwing an arm across John’s torso. He seemed to have taken John’s nudge as the go-ahead that it really was okay for him to stay there.
Mary grinned at him. “Good. I’ll text you with the address.”
. Lestrade just opened and closed his mouth repeatedly, searching for words but finding none.
“Hello, you madman,” John returned fondly as he stepped over and stood close enough to Sherlock that the man was forced to look up to meet his eyes. “What happened to you?”
Molly frowned, confused. “Why not just wear it anyway? No one else would have noticed the chlorine smell.”
John’s sense was returning enough for him to feel slightly embarrassed at the position he’d landed himself in, but he was still too shaken and tired to care. He carefully leaned into Sherlock’s touch, his lips twitching up into a small but genuine smile when the man shuffled closer.
“Hello?”
“Sherlock, you’re not sleeping there,” he said, tone trying for firm but just sounding exhausted instead.
Except, since things can never go perfectly smoothly, both men forgot one detail. They forgot to tell anyone outside of 221 Baker Street that Sherlock was alive.
“Yeah, I know.” That bitter tone from before crept into her voice. Odd, from what Sherlock had mentioned of her, she was apparently very amiable.
Closer…
The second time John got a call he was in the middle of his lunch break at the surgery. It had only been a few weeks since the fiasco at the swimming pool and he’d been hoping for some normalcy until he’d gotten the call.
“John,” Sherlock spoke slowly, “the hound isn’t real. It never was. It was a trick, a hallucination. We’ve put an end to everything. You’re right here, with me, not on a battlefield.
Word Count: 3761
John nodded and reluctantly let go of Sherlock as the man moved to sign his discharge papers. John looked for the emergency contact paper, since Sherlock had undoubtedly altered it again, but couldn’t see it anywhere on the desk.
“What?” Sally pushed herself off the table and looked on hopefully. Had he solved it?
A liar about what, Sherlock wasn’t sure, but she was definitely a liar. The signs were glaringly obvious and near-impossible to miss.
They've talked about this. A lot. For years. Because John thinks he shouldn't even though he constantly does, while Sherlock knows a well-placed curse most certainly has its uses.
it, all right? Good. Fine.
They've played the game since they were children and let's be honest, they'll never be grown men, not with each other. So the game is ever on, the one where a bored Sherlock follows a busy Mycroft, trailing him from one dull embassy to another, from Downing Street, to the Diogenes, to Scotland Yard (the only place of
From that pretty spot Sherlock helps to remind John of the beauty of his beautiful city. And of the ever-abiding love of his Sherlock.
Sherlock would later reflect that there was absolutely no way John could have known how many times he'd donned false noses, capes, wigs, and arse-hugging mini-skirts, so there was no reason at all to use the word
Sauntering over, sitting by the man, matching his smile precisely, he gestures vaguely to himself. "Gay or straight?
Greg squints owlishly at the dance floor. He breaks into a cold sweat. "Dance? With you? I'm…we're…"
Sherlock closes his eyes, bows his head to the dusty airport window and he turns the bottle round and round in his pocket until it makes a sweet, soft little
Greg probably does this a lot, because very close to NSY is Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, the London Eye, and the River Thames.
"I was invited to a friend's wedding."
Sherlock fell to his knees and banged at the floor with his fist. "There doesn't have to be."
The bartender groans, stumble-trips away and to his knees, and he looks for all the world as if he's about to crawl under the bar and hide in shadow like a wounded cat.
like it is. I've been doing this with them for twenty years now and it's fine, just put my name on everything. Good lad."
"Oh, is this the famous detective,
Standing in St. Bart's courtyard, Stamford chaffed his hands warm. "Well this old pile is lucky to have you, John. I'm glad you're here."
There was a brief struggle when dark curls unexpectedly tickled and John just about kneed Sherlock in the eye socket. The speedy application of mouth, tongue, and throat to a heavy cock averted tragedy and everyone settled in happily.
You let them move the killer's corpse, Lestrade." Sherlock bent over, hands on knees. "I could have found the boy, but you let them touch
That eighth lesson John learned that Sherlock was inclined to ever grander words, gestures and, yes jaw-dropping dresses because he so obviously wanted-needed-yearned for John to
Though the long years would garner him the data he'd originally craved—no one is immune to grief or disappointment—it turned out that in the end Sherlock had to make do mostly with love's pleasanter aspects—contentment, lust, joy. Which was fine really. In the end it was these that made him better, much better, at what he did.
("Yes you did," John would say seventeen weeks and two minutes from this moment. "You licked your lips and cocked your hip like a giddy stripper.")
And that thing is jerk off into a small vessel, so that the result can be frozen against the day there is not a sufficiency of Holmeses (being as some believe the two currently residing in London are twice more than enough, this problem seems somewhat manufactured).
, and petted me even though it made him explode.
Like a mutual love of great big dogs and a hatred of cola. There's also the thing where they get crepes up in Crouch End every other month, and the one where they throw rocks on the water in the park's boating lake.
"We were good mates. Served in the army together."
"She wants to dance with you."
"Tu!" he spat. "They've progressed to
The blonde-headed four-year-old having a fit at one end of the aisle is a Watson, so the little scrapper indeed belongs to James Watson. His offspring is shouting at an innocent bit of produce, maintaining that "No, no, no, daddy cowofower is mean!" because little Johnny Watson
John spread all the fingers of one hand and Sherlock counted them off in his head.
So for the next twenty minutes John offered the warmth of his attention and the sympathy of his regard. An hour later, he shared a spare five minutes. Then later another ten. And when John was off for the night he pulled a chair up beside the man's bed and listened to him talk, and sometimes John said "amazing," and sometimes "incredible," and when John said, "I need a flatmate," the man was unsurprised to hear himself say yes.
Aged 17 of Bethnal Green
Sherlock fists at his shirt, and moaning he thinks
And then it was not fine actually.
Sherlock knew how to say lots of other things. Things like "—and obviously the ladder in the man's stockings spoke of
John smiles that smile again, the one Sherlock will later tell him is angelic, but right now Sherlock doesn't know how to behave around that smile, so he looks out the window again, saying, "Yes."
And now that London is not quite so crowded? Now that the ones that
"Breathe."
This was not one little bit of all right, and so, before his fifteenth birthday, he'd (mostly) stopped doing the second, which helped him gain control of the first, and so cease coping with the third.
His umbrella contains a concealed sword, his Italian shoes are steel-toed, and he knows three martial arts, including one of which no one's ever heard. Even so, some god-forsaken little terrorist got to him just a few dozen feet from the Diogenes.
Diary Dear,
"See? There?" Sherlock pointed. "The lecturer. His posture, that chin-down gaze, the hands clenched tight behind his back? He's recently entered into a sexually satisfying relationship. Finally getting all those submissive tendencies tended to. But he's worried his ex-partner will find out…she's the director over there, trying to figure out what's different about him."
The man steps close and John realises he's a good half foot taller and smells… Christ, he smells like sex.
Though it's a bit of a solemn place, do make a point of seeing it if you can. It's lovely and worth a bit of time so that you can appreciate that sometimes people do extraordinary things for each other.
Greg squints owlishly at the dance floor. He doesn't giggle. No instead he breaks into a cold sweat. "With you? I'm…we're…"
"Those are full of
"If you were a woman would you wear these?" John Watson blinked earnestly at the six-foot man with the fine coat, then blushed and looked away. "Uh, never mind, that was a stupid question."
John tugs the oxycodone from his pocket and though he's not due for another pill for six hours he thinks maybe he could break one in half, maybe he could just—
Sherlock sat across from him in one of the too-big chairs, his round pale face solemn and tired. John blinked his gaze to the clock. It was nearly midnight and he was tired too, but his hand hurt too much to sleep. So he watched the man next to Sherlock give him a little poke now and again, so that the boy wouldn't fall asleep. "Mustn't sleep Sherlock," he said, over and over.
Opinions may differ, yes they may, but if you ask John H. Watson, he's going to tell you that the prettiest view in all of London is atop Primrose Hill in Primrose Hill Park.
After that, John held both little hands palm up toward Rosie.
"Brilliant."
Together.
. I have never heard mary-le-bone.
Sherlock Holmes did not do that.
If it's weird that remembering the children they were makes the men they are become horny, they don't really care. They've never cared about things like that.
But John didn't. Some instinct told him instead to whisper and so John did, not knowing until three weeks from now that whispers are kryptonite for Sherlock's libido. "What's the second thing?"
That smell is never coming out of John's trousers or Sherlock's shoes.
John shrugged again. "So. Something to do with sticking your oar in?"
For his part Greg proceeded to stand—or rather sit—his ground like a sword-wielding angel, a fierce expression driving off Sally, Superior, Haddad, Baines, Dimmock, and even the chief superintendant when each tried joining their small band for a pint.
The museum is a frenetically busy place at almost all times and to be honest my head canon for Sherlock wouldn't have him there over often. It's just too jammed with human bodies to be of much use to him, but your mileage and your Sherlock may vary.
At that first lesson John saw Sherlock looking longer than necessary each time John stood straight-backed and not-quite-tall.
"Holy smokes that's even prettier!" John grins toothily at his own words because they are true, the truest true of all the true things John knows. John also knows that he really likes how happy his words made Sherlock. Finally, he knows how happy it made
Sherlock's brief joy at the admiration is tempered to resignation. Ah, here it comes.
argue. Daily. About absolutely anything. Maybe it exercises some gland inside him. Or purges toxins. Arguing is to a Watson what deduction is to a consulting detective.
Half naked, bare legs spread in front of a man he did not know, John watched her go, cleared his throat, and said, "Well that went well."
Maureen turned too and blink-blinked quickly to somehow clear the ringing from her ears. "Yes actually. He taught himself; just like his brother did. They both have two library cards."
Which is further to say that though John is laid back – he did not survive two tours in Afghanistan by being high strung – this Sherlock Holmes bloke was most definitely getting under John's…um, his skin. Yes, that's what he's under.
And yet across an empty room, John's blind date.
That's the one I think which saddens John the most. For Sherlock it's the plaque to Henry James Bristow, an eight-year-old boy, who in 1890 saved his little sister's life by removing her flaming clothes but himself caught fire. Oh but there are more plaques to solemnly see, including Alice Ayres who, in 1885, saved three children from a burning building at the cost "of her own young life," there's a plaque for Frederick Alfred Croft, a 31-year-old inspector who, in 1878, saved a woman from being hit by a train but himself was run over. There are several dozen more.
With effort the man does not reach for his wallet.
Over the next seven hours John buys them both coffees. Then colas. Then teas.
("Yes you did," Sherlock murmured against John's neck seventeen weeks later, "oh yes you did.")
John finds one of his edges occupied by tall shadow. "Take off the coat," he says. Realising it sounds like a command, John grins to show it's not. "It'll make you look more approachable."
No, all Sherlock Holmes notices is the measured breathing behind him, the sweet smell of it (apples, the man's breath smells of summer apples), the hand gently holding him steady.
I've not written one of these since I moved away from London in 2017, but I lived there five years, I've been back during covid, and no matter how much she changes, London remains pretty much the same.
John Watson's got to stop grinding his teeth. He will. Really. Just not today.
Maureen was the worst. She never said anything to the people who came to teach Sherlock biology, English, and history, not one word. She simply sat in on each lesson, usually thinking about some abstruse detail vis-à-vis combustion, yet her mental distance was not at all evident to the tutors, each of whom believed themselves weighed, measured, and found wanting.
"What did you want to say to Yvonne?"
They stop and smooth as you please the small man dismounts. Before either of them has time to school his expression to placidity Sherlock is hopefully looking down at John hopefully looking up.
"Sherlock," said the man, pointing to his own chest. "You helped me with the tox during the McCann poisonings."
after that thing with the clown-banker. "What?"
John—"
They both stopped. Then Mike stood, winked at Sherlock, and started walking. "Let's get a coffee."
there seem almost to walk on tip-toe, even finally avoid him and his long, often-erratic strides?
"I like to
What John does
Sherlock opened his mouth but John placed a single finger across it. Sherlock left his mouth open but nothing came out of it.
"John Watson," replied Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock vomited all over John's shoes.
They met again the next day and then over the next years, doing lots of things together and then things apart. They moved to different schools, then different colleges, then, for awhile, different cities. But they always came back to London for visits, they always emailed each other and IRCed, and so neither was surprised when their friendship blossomed into romance, not too long after John returned from Afghanistan.
“You!”
John nodded to a few of Scotland Yard's finest—the train conductor, the cat, the Boris Johnson—went to his knees beside the mostly-naked corpse…and that's when it started.
Another nod at nothing and John takes hold of the humidor's brushed silver door handle, tugs, feels the soft whoosh of cool shop air.
John nodded solemnly. Then he realised Sherlock should know why
of the pills.
Three.
A year later Dr. John Watson married Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
realised he was, like some old codger, aiming his ear at the man to better hear him amongst the bar noise.
"I'm sorry, did you just
down Mr. Holmes, I will
"Let's get them all John."
You see I
Detective inspector Gregory Lestrade tugs at his bow-tie and giggles into his wine.
Sherlock Holmes smiled.
That green bit next to it is a cafe but I personally think Greg is heartily sick and tired of their offerings and if he has one more
He looked down at his brand new diary. "I don't even know why I'm doing this." Still and all, DI Greg Lestrade is a completist and so he completed.
Turns out he didn't actually, not until John grunted and started to come. That's when John's hole clenched around his tongue. When blood blushed John's skin, raising the hot scent of sex. That's when wonderful and necessary became what they would be from this day on:
percent on the side of Sherlock Holmes. It would be his default state for the rest of his life.
Then one day, about three months ago, a man appeared there and he acted like those others, the ones Sherlock ignores. And then he did more. He…helped. He asked for nothing back, not Sherlock's acknowledgement, not his praise, and not his dignity.
but that didn't stop James from hearing it.
Would he have liked his city then?
Twelve hours later Dr. John Watson had finished giving his statement at Scotland Yard.
What neither Greg nor Sherlock knew was that John Watson wasn't in the mood to sit by while some bossy boy in a big coat harassed his nice downstairs neighbour.
Before I went home Mr Fast Talk Biscuits gave me a whole plate of chips.
finally asked his name.
to each other.
What he sees is John's reflection in a nearby mirror. John's smiling, small and expectant.
does bam-bam-bam all in a row like that.
John smiles to himself. If he'd been fractious, very gloomy with his important four-year-old problems, the scent of his grandfather's pipe smoke always soothed him.
Quickly they again settle one behind the other. For a long time neither is aware of much but the other's breathing, of murmured words, low laughs. For a long time they completely forget to guide the horse.
So here's the thing. When I lived in Ladbroke Grove, not far from Portobello Road, I used to walk into central London a lot. And pretty much every time I walked by St. Mary's hospital, the place where royal babies are born, the place where Alexander Fleming discovered penicillin, and a place that always looks to me like a film set (click through for
It wasn't until a dreadfully dull two hours in—and they'd only just got to best supporting production assistant to the executive editing producer or something similar—that John noticed the dark-haired man circling the edges of the gathering.
annoying.
Sherlock will deduce you before he's met you, he'll deduce you after three words, he'll damn well deduce you from the teeth marks you leave in your toast.
"It's all right, I have the key."
One tutor had compared his style to "grilling." Another called it "peppering." A third had been more lyrical about it, using words like "probing, dissecting, quizzing, and scrutinising." The day another tutor had used the word "inquisition" had been
So Sherlock huffs back, but it's not words, it's short little
That ship has long since sailed (ha, another pun!), though I'm still friends with him and his husband John of course. Currently. As of today. I don't know if that'll be the situation tomorrow because it's Sherlock who's taught me I can actually want to eviscerate someone. Someone who–
A white woman stands a socially-distanced length away from him. She's talking loud on her mobile and ordinarily this would piss Sherlock off because sometimes
Then John Watson went to one school, Sherlock Holmes went to another, and over time, time did what it does…filled up with other things.
It was at this point that John narrowed his eyes, belatedly realising the painfully obvious: this well-dressed man was not the sex store clerk for which he took him. John muttered, "Damn."
"I like it when they do that."
In the morning John says little while Mycroft says even less but with far too many awkward words. In his rarified occupation the elder Holmes is used to expressing a certain stiff-backed gratitude, but so rarely for himself. How do you thank a man for your life?
"I was a queen bee," Sherlock Holmes said to the studious psychology student. And then, because he does not much truck with psychological interpretations that are not his own, he added, "I'm sure you'll say that means something important."
Hands clasped behind his back in the most innocent fashion
"Not even a
Sherlock makes a hurumphing noise and turns up his suit collar, the very opposite of a peacock display of welcome. Unlike a clueless consulting detective, the woman reads the sign loud and clear. With a tip of her glass and a grin she's gone.
He'd said Sherlock was right even though Sherlock
What he actually does is study him, as if Sherlock can't see him doing it. He looks at Sherlock's slicked-back hair, his tight black button-down shirt and shiny trousers. When Sherlock turns sideways, as if that will somehow make him invisible, the man's gaze drops to the ripe curve of Sherlock's arse and then, grinning close-lipped, the man looks away.
So, those are the best bits about Primrose Hill Park really, but you can see lots of the city from your perch on this pretty hill and over the years Sherlock will take John there quite often, both mornings and nights.
The second time was pretty much the same, because this time an interminable red signal on the tube meant John was thirty minutes late.
Greg Lestrade was patient. Greg's pretty much always patient. So he tolerated the sudden onslaught of lingering looks; the pointed, personal questions; the bizarre and random touches.
Sherlock cleared his throat. He looked back at John. And
Then, there's the swearing.
Which isn't often enough, really. Oh he's trying. He hangs around the morgue downstairs, or up here in the cafeteria, waiting for that DI to come by again—he's here often enough, and sometimes he listens to what Sherlock says. That last time…Sherlock knows something clicked behind the DI's eyes. That maybe he realised Sherlock could be of use.
John peered at the small creature nested in the crux of Sherlock's legs. "Who's that?"
"I, uh, don't understand why they did them all at once either, but I do understand that it's led to a bit of a traffic jam for the one room left and I'm sorry, but we've had to institute a time limit for—"
John was too scared to cry.
He knocked on that tatty downstairs door in an over-familiar fashion, didn't realise it wasn't even half seven and the tenant—
Yet sometimes, if a man is lucky, if a man
"Yes."
The stranger shuffled round a bit on his knees, sat back on his haunches and Sherlock saw that the man with the nice teeth and big blue eyes, he also had at least four sorts of blond in his hair.
For the next little while they potter the tiny garden hand-in-hand, Sherlock excitedly explaining the dread poisons to be found in daffodils, foxgloves, and irises and John—who has been reading
Molly noticed the slight bitter tone that had crept into John’s voice. That was odd. Usually he was never properly irritated with Sherlock, only mildly annoyed. Molly had never heard him bitter before.
“Right here,” Theo answered, producing it from Sherlock’s file with a flourish. “I noticed you two have made a lot of changes.”
something going on there.
Running. Red eyes. Wet, snarling breaths. It was dusk. On a battlefield. There were soldiers running and people screaming and shots being fired, and still John ran and still the creature followed.
Sherlock finally moved. He shuffled over to the side slightly and John thought he was getting off to go to his own bed, but then he stopped and just stayed there.
John shook his head slowly, muttering “Don’t mind, no.” He didn’t even bother to argue with himself about it that time. He
Sherlock had gotten so used to John’s presence that he felt disjointed when the doctor wasn’t there. So he ‘stole’ things to try and fill the void, things that reminded him of John.
John winced sympathetically. “I’ll make sure to tell him off for that,” he promised.
John woke blearily, planning to reach out for Sherlock but quickly realising that he didn’t need to. Cold fingers were twined between his own, and Sherlock was sitting next to his bed in a plastic chair, staring daggers at the floor.
The man wrinkled up his nose and shrugged, the first sign that he was actually listening to John – for once.
Prompt: Sherlock ‘borrowing’ *coughcough stealing cough* John’s things. Three outside POV’s – Molly in Barts lab, Lestrade on a case, Mycroft just visiting 221B. Then one inside POV from John, and a short explanation from Sherlock.
(And John slept better than he ever had before in his life.)
“Glad to see you awake,” he whispered.
“Yes, I’m here,” Sherlock soothed. “Can you tell us where exactly your head hurts?”
John allowed – for once – the moment, tilting his head to press his face into those curls. Sherlock’s nose was tucked against John’s neck, seeking the warmth that he insisted John emanated. ‘Conductor of light’ indeed.
“Sherlock,” John began, but Sherlock looked over at him and pouted –
This time John touches that long, white column of a neck.
Sherlock is afraid that if he looks up the man—that John will be gone. And Sherlock doesn't look up because he's afraid John won't be gone. Instead Sherlock turns each napkin over. He writes.
"Ah ah ah!" said Sherlock.
John grins, starts pacing the room again, Sherlock beside him. Neither man right then think of the next few hours as their first date, but as the good doctor brings Sherlock Holmes up to speed on old-fashioned detectives, that's what it is, oh yes indeed.
John didn't know what to do with this information.
"Your hair," said John, looking up into pretty sloe eyes, his heart going skittery-thump, "is kind of floofy."
Mike rolled his eyes; he'd seen this flirty performance before. Sherlock narrowed his; he had not.
"But I was invited to an old friend's wedding."
featured prominently—even the texting man looked up.
The man gestured to one thousand styles of eyeglass frames, nodding his head briskly. An ordinary person just then would have looked at that man, then looked around them, wondering:
Regent’s Park….it is literally within sighting distance of 221B Baker Street. Depending on your version of Sherlock Holmes, one can imagine the man walking through its leafy green paths mumbling to himself about a case, sitting on its benches heavy-sighing from boredom, or standing on one of its lovely little bridges, holding the hand of his one true love Dr. John H. Watson. (By the way, all the images I discuss below are
"See you at seven. Mike'll bring you round?" Mike nodded and with that John Watson swaggered away. Sherlock blinked, jaw slightly unhinged. He had the distinct feeling he'd been standing in a very small, very sexy hurricane.
"Is there a reason?"
Not so Mr Holmes. For most of his ninety minutes on the couch, Holmes is inflamed and afflicted with dozens upon dozens of itches in need of immediate scratching.
"Hey, you! Punch me in the face!"
"Uh no, I meant…"
John grins, lifts his arms, "May I have this dance?"
What you'll find along the Thames shore may surprise you.
so much," she whispered after every lesson, dry swallowing two pills. Al always shrugged.
"This is some fancy local you've got."
them see, even if it means lead pipes or posing as a bartender in a dodgy pub or—
Within five minutes of that first date John Watson had shown Sherlock Holmes his pretty rope collection, then how to make a rainbow-coloured surgeon's knot, a chain sinnet, and a lark's head. They then proceeded to run around the Watson back garden screaming for no reason whatsoever for the next two hours.
It tickles because Sherlock had a lot of crazy hair on his head. And it slows John right on down.
and setting him up "with that cutie at the bank next time since the lawyer didn't work out," was no longer going to cut it as a John-learns-to-drive bribe.
would be, well,
A delighted giggle escapes John before he can think about it.
John and Sherlock would see each other over the years, at one another's birthdays, occasionally on summer breaks, but by the time the boys were thirteen each had become a bit of who he would later be: John more studious, serious, and popular; Sherlock more ethereal, abstract, and alone.
Some next stops on our
"'I bought the milk John, I'm sure I did.'
Even if all you're feeding your coronation chicken to the birds, the girl who's sweet on you at the sandwich shop gave you a nice little
Sherlock Holmes would not define himself as gay. Or straight. Or asexual, bisexual, or any mixture, animal, vegetable, mineral.
Though the grave before which he now stands is not sad in the conventional sense. It's well-cared for and beautiful, a fine monument to William Tyler, a man who, like John, did his duty and, like John, was shot in the doing of it.
Though Sherlock somehow never met his grandmum, it was because of her John met Sherlock. Sort of.
at them.
Finally he says, "Friends…help one another. They have faith in each other, protect each other. If they're good friends, they change everything."
Sherlock's not sure. He is sure of one obvious thing: constable Willa Tyler helped him when she had no reason to help him, and she changed his life in the doing of it.
John Watson batted at the air, as if at vexing dandelion fluff. "What I'm trying to say is I got on my knees on pavement to pet him and then I couldn't get up. Well clearly I could because I'm here and not still there, but my knees is what I'm trying to say. My knees had done something and I don't even know what, I just know that I needed to put my hands on pavement with spilled cola and nasty gum and push my way up, arse in the air like a toddler, and what I'm trying to say in the most painfully round-about-fashion possible is welcome to getting older, a boon not given to as many humans as might want it and so aren't we lucky?" The stranger with the lovely hair and the blue eyes and the nice shoulders didn't wait for a reply, just went ahead and said brusquely, "We are lucky, trust me, I know. And here's the other thing I know: We can complain or we can kick arse, those are our choices."
His devotion to not laying hands on himself started soon after he began laying hands on himself. He was fourteen.
More interesting, as far as I'm concerned, is the
Then, as now, John didn't agree. He needs…danger's not the right word, it never has been…he needs…exhilaration. John needs stimulation, anticipation.
John Watson smiles wider, then reaches for the man's hand. He's long since learned that if he seems to need help dismounting, somehow it makes the horse less threatening.
Eventually most people settle down. As fluids flow into the machine from one arm and are returned, minus platelets, through the other, some daydream, some watch the bustle around them.
It happens like this:
…something
John was perfectly aware arguing with annoying men at very nice parties was a bit not good but—
"If you don't
tour will be railway stations and soon I'll do pubs, parks, and shops close to New Scotland Yard. After that KtwoNtwo asked if I could discuss places near 221B that do takeaway/delivery. I shall try! P.S. Read the comments on each of these entries because people have great tips about things mentioned in each chapter!
But the driver's not really such a fool. Before long he begins cajoling the crowd, joking, teasing, complimenting, and in slow degrees shoppers clear the road, make way for the man with a van full of Bond Street knock-offs.
So yeah, he comes out the front door of NSY and peers round the left side of the building to have a gander at the famous clock tower, checking if his watch is right. It always is (Greg spends good money on good things when he needs them) but he checks anyway. Probably because he likes catching sight of so many landmarks so close. He wasn't born in London, and he's tickled, yes he is, when he gets a moment to remember its beauty.
And so it began.
"Well not any men I know."
A blonde little boy who sees hurt and sadness in another will learn he wants to fix those things, but isn't always sure how.
Sherlock shrugged his forgiveness and after introductions on both sides, including names, the schools they attended, where they lived, how many siblings they had, which movies they liked, how fast they could run, what they wanted for Christmas, what crepes they liked, which ice cream flavour was best, and how big the dog had been—"really fucking big!"—and then some giggling about the naughtiness of swear words, Sherlock held out his hand, John took it and, their small frames counter-balancing so naturally that neither boy stumbled, both boys stood.
This is my diary John Watson! IS NOTHING PRIVATE ANYMORE?
Sherlock made a moue and took a step back.
"Yes, lovely metaphor or simile or whatever it is, but
Montague Street is a one-block street, at one end of which is the British Museum, while the other end turns into Russell Square because, interestingly, that's where Russell Square is. Yes, the site of Sherlock's youthful accommodation ends at the park where in BBC canon John Watson meets Mike Stamford.
When you stare too long, sometimes you stop seeing. Sherlock puts his tea cup down with a clatter, looks up. The doctor's standing there, casual as you please and smiling. As if he knows Sherlock.
John could do with more of these sorts of jobs. Just as with the locum work, the good doctor had Mike to thank for this, and
Unperturbed, Mr. Caramel Voice introduced himself and he'd smelled so god damn
"No…look…uh, I think you probably want a different sort of pub. This isn't…"
"We start in five minutes! Sit wherever you like! Enjoy the talk!"
"A man like you…I bet you like when people watch."
It was at this point that John realising the painfully obvious: this well-dressed man was not the sex store clerk for which he took him...
I like Mr Gentle Hands Quiet.
For my sister to give—look she's bad at shop—
Baker Street tube station has what seems like eleventy billion entrances (probably there's just the three) but this tube entrance is the one that is closest to the boys and is actually
Sherlock grunted as John wrapped his legs around his back.
"Yes it is!
The twelfth kiss was a long time coming and that's one reason John knew who the kisser was. Again, John has made himself fairly available to a fairly wide array of people on this earth and you learn a few things being so easy—uh, so experienced. You learn that sometimes people pick fights because they want your attention, and sometimes even tall know-it-alls are too shy or awkward to go about it in the regular way.
"Thhthssh…shshh…
Sherlock wanted to know what being in love felt like.
In the end the poisoner was caught, courtesy of Mr. Holmes.
cream in it but
Shouldn't take long. You'll have time to chat up constable Singh after."
John and Sherlock do. They talk. Then they walk away.
Back late my arse. Both were home a few hours later because you can't have a stakeout when you smell of sex urine. I did try to tell him.
And lower.
John Watson turned. He was the only one who did.
Sherlock remembered that day at the build-a-bear workshop, how patient his parents had been at how serious he was about it all. How intently they'd watched Sherlock put his bear together. And how solemn their faces as he pressed Rosie's purple-sparkle heart to his little-boy lips. "I would like a friend please," he'd whispered, "A very best friend please. Thank you."
"—on the pavement outside," the stranger says, and that's when John notices his own wallet in the man's extended hand.
After that came six red frames, twelve blue, and four purple. There were then yellow, green, and beige. There was a white pair that made Sherlock pale as a milk bottle, and ovals that made him look like a consumptive poet. There were cat-eye frames, flower shapes, circles, and squares. There were frames of metal and plastic, velvet and of actual wood. There were three pairs with gears and magnifiers, ruby lenses and leather, and over these they spent forty minutes, heads together, figuring out what all the little bits could do. Sherlock's tongue stuck out the side of his mouth. John watched it lick and poke.
This slim, black sergeant was not his superior officer.
Dr. Clare Sussex straightened her tipping turban. She stood up. She gazed down at her beau of eleven weeks. Semi-reclined in a chair that looked half torture device, half sex-aid, her boyfriend was manicured, pedicured, coiffed, polished, and scrubbed. He was in the final phase of having his most personal of personal places artistically barbered. And how she had missed his leap from their agreed-upon casual dating to
draw the line at full nudity."
"You've never talked to a John Watson who's had a string of six truly awful first dates. I'm sure your cousin's lovely Mike, but I couldn't pull right now if you gave me a rope and a winch. Coffee?"
Marylebone Railway Station is quite literally around the corner from 221B Baker Street...what do the boys see when they wander past?
Another part of Sherlock Holmes was quickly becoming sober and that part was his mouth.
like porn so much I don't know, but they do and there are days where they simply tap me on the head and there my hands go, taking dictation.
John Watson, after eighteen months of being mostly-unemployed—because no one hires a surgeon with a visible, fucking tremour, and probably incipient alcoholism—yeah, after all that, John can really get behind the whole stink-eye thing.
"Fine. I'm
me?" John makes a noise that would be a growl if he were that sort, but he's not so it's just a big, cranky noise out of a little, cranky man.
Suddenly important parts of Sherlock were very sober. The parts that allowed him to kind of throw himself at John, spin around in something of a ballet move, and drag them both down onto a conference table, where fingers clutched, mouths mashed, suited bodies started to grind.
Yeah, well, it's been three years since their introduction and the company is still making it.
The big man turns his head, looks down at John. Not content with judgmental and imperious, he tacks on annoyed and rude. "Yes, I can see you're quite skilled at turning heads."
"He's not…" John sighs. Grinds his teeth. Starts walking. After a moment he hears the click of the man's heels going the other way. Once out of sight of the pub John's unsurprised to find the man beside him again.
However, the thing for which she'd be most proud, a dozen years hence, would be an award-winning, two-part documentary about a detecting duo she met at a little awards ceremony one long ago night in east London.
"Therlock."
Lestrade's used to Sherlock appropriating things. His warrant card. His mobile. His car. These are some of the many things over which Lestrade doesn't clench, grind, or roll, but he thinks he ought to draw the line at Sherlock appropriating people. "Sherlock, you can't just appropri—"
up. He was pretty sure they—
Listen to me. I love these so much that if it were possible I'd fucking shag every last fucking one of them,
John gestured at a chair. "Okay, then this'll be quick. You said the patella?"
"You're right, my pulling days seem long gone."
everyone was so overaroused there was only one thing to be done about it.
Sherlock leaned sideways, squinted at his own reflection in one of the big, shiny shop mirrors. Despite being barely two feet from the glass, he couldn't actually make out his own face all that well, what with the need for glasses, so he raised his eyebrows the better to see. His eyes went wide and—
While each of those half dozen times came with fine orgasms, none offered the sweetness of slowness, the chance to truly see.
Where most people would lean away from such a nugget of not-quite-right, John leaned toward. "In their bedroom?"
John Watson does not eat alone for long.
"You…wow…you're." John didn't say
"What?"
Sherlock now knows exactly how far this will go…all the way up his street if he lets it. He is emphatically going to let it. By denying it entirely.
"I'm not an idiot. No, actually I am. Love.
"You can kiss me now."
I like learning the little things, like how that awful coffee in the cafeteria actually brings out the subtle cherry and almond notes in Dr Singh's home-made biscuits.
"No it's not."
John started to say something, but the tall man handed him a box, flicked out coat tails, and settled on a bench, imperious. John went to his knees in front of him, as if this were the most natural thing in the world.
Still trying to scratch his chest with his own chin, Holmes says in a carrying sort of voice, "Between my nipples!"
It's fine, it's all fine. Gentle and steady Mike takes them through dappled light. He's got them. Mike's a good boy. A good,
"You don't actually do this for a living, do you?"
John went wide-eyed with shock. He looked at his hands. At the tatty flowers slapped down to bridge slats. At Sherlock. And then
"Do you have a bug?"
Sherlock had stood solemnly in front of John's mum and asked if he could help and John's mum looked at Sherlock's dad, who nodded yes.
Sherlock stutters to brief silence, then: "Um…that one? She's married, engaged, dating,
John Watson put his actually-pretty-good hospital coffee down, grinned up, "Abby peed on mine."
still argue about the god damn plasters.
Sherlock smiles big and, leaning toward his new friend, Sherlock bows his head and pipes, "Want to touch it?"
He did not reflect on the fact that this somehow caused him to again hit the car he'd already hit. He didn't think about the fact that he never even wanted to learn how to drive a mother-fucking car. He gave not one moment of thought to the fact that Harry could just get herself around town by tube as she's been doing
So John didn't mind that the waltz instructor was ten minutes late. Sat tight in his hardbacked chair in an empty studio, John quietly watched women and men tango in the studio across the hall. Idly he wondered what that felt like, holding a stranger so close, looking them in the eye, moving together as if you belonged.
Though he knew what wet dreams, masturbation, and orgasms were, Sherlock had been convinced he was above them. Then he woke from the first because he was doing the second which led to the third.
To Mycroft. His brother. Who deserved it.
* I don't know what to do next.
Sometimes you learn surprising things about yourself.
John glanced at the big man next to him. Then at the man beside
however, was apparently where his willful body drew the line. He remained resolutely unsinged.
"Get out! I can't think! Get out!"
"That's it, just like that. Can you get it down here?" John rubs at a suit coat-covered belly. "Right on down, deep and slow and…"
Sherlock thumps down next to him and immediately starts swinging his legs. "Hello I'm Sherlock."
After decamping to the sitting room—the kitchen could no longer contain the interested parties—Sherlock paced the small space left and laid down ground rules.
Cupid's bow had found its mark.
Three months later the little boy—his name was Amadeo—came with his dad to 221B. Sherlock gave the child electron microscope scans of bees. John gave him one of his military medals.
There was something about the man's sass and decrepit knees and that too-long fringe that had Sherlock staring at him myopically.
Behind Montague Street are many places of higher learning where Sherlock might have either studied, borrowed lab time, or discussed clues with suitable college professors.
They didn't quite cry at the end of their final lesson, but the boys did put their foreheads together and whisper to each other for a long time.
The sixth time wasn't at all planned and maybe that's why they both came so fast that they this time actually had time for lunch.
Sherlock Holmes did not remember. He opened his mouth to say so but John got there first.
Sherlock Holmes extended a hand. "Come."
The man shook his head no.
Trafalgar Square's less than a quarter mile from the memorial steps—closer than any hospital or ambulance. Never quiet, the great square rumbles ever with taxis, tourists, night buses.
John stands just inside the cafe door and realises he never said that to the hospital administrator, the one who seems to love just three things: Healthcare, opera, and matchmaking. No, John hadn't said anything because it never occurred to him that it would occur to her he was gay.
"Home."
Sherlock does tell him, but not until two hours later, in a hospital room, because help arrives then, and things move so very fast.
That didn't stop him from looking at his kind of closely, his nose all bunched up and his lips drawn back in a toothy grimace. As much as he hated gooey things and dead things and things that were messy, somehow Sherlock always
June 20 1888
John steps closer to the bed,
He hated the man on sight.
A dark-haired giant got right up in his face and said with insinuating urgency, "Follow me doctor, there may be time to save him."
biscuit. They're oaty and not over-sweet and comforting and good quality and value for money.
"Please god, let me live."
"—and they said the sheets were damp—"
Sort of.
"When I first came up to London I had rooms in Montague Street, just round the corner from the British Museum, and there I waited, filling in my too abundant leisure time by studying all those branches of science which might make me more efficient."
Sherlock's not a stickler about the law. He's not above piling a red apple with a green with a yellow and just entering the lot under one code.
"Military kink, then?"
Sherlock asks about Afghan food, John's shoulder, how long a blood transfusion takes, if it's true tongue prints are unique as fingerprints, and when human bones cease fusing.
Two men ordinarily quite uppity in their own self-regard stand there like awkward idiots. The less idiotic apologises first.
"Step outside a minute?"
"Proof
So people leave him alone, he leaves them alone, and if it's a rainy Tuesday and the only bodies in the pub are himself and the barkeep, all the better.
with the analogies because that isn't the point.
"—you? I know your type."
Instead of answering, Sherlock awkwardly shoves John with his shoulder, asks, "Who's Poirot?"
Both DI and doctor looked at the slumped detective, who was now no longer slumped.
An imperious brow.
John Watson tilted his head. Then slowly tilted it in the other direction. He said precisely nothing. But his smile? Oh that said exactly this:
"Please–" wheez "–please keep squeezing the banana Mr Holmes."
The tenth kiss was disqualified when the kisser growled low, the eleventh likewise because the man couldn't stop giggling.
"My name's John," John says, finally pocketing his wallet. "Thank you."
The limping man with the quiet eyes turns back, already looking down, so familiar with helping strangers, so lost now there are no strangers to help, and he goes carefully to one knee in an over-bright sandwich shop and says, "My name's John. How long ago was the injury? Can I take off the sock? Ah, this is a bit not good. Does it—"
Sherlock Holmes nodded in the dark, and stopped speaking.
He came to this conclusion when he visited a urologist recently, a visit necessary after a case Lestrade had promised was "intriguing!"
Harriet Watson blinked, blasé. "A high-class rent boy? I have no clue. Maybe. Probably? I've seen others here."
And now here John is, finger stuck deep in a man's belly button, realising for the first time that as fidgety as Holmes often is, he's at his most…wrigglesome with John.
Sherlock panted. "Well you growled at me."
No one does that any more, do they? Cutting in? Except maybe a man who always carries an umbrella? Except a man whose equally stiff-backed brother says mating mores?
Maiko grinned, leaned forward in her chair. "A waltz at a wedding, I do love them. I have just the instructor for you, John. Unique. I think you'll get along. Tomorrow, six pm?"
and now maybe they'll call
And Sherlock does not like it.
of hospital architecture, which is said to allow for greater ventilation and keeping people with infectious conditions separated from those without.
Pacing, tapping, pacing, tapping John hadn't noticed that the big, shouty man had shut up. John stopped pacing just short of his favourite corner. He liked this one, the corner with the crooked inlay, the strange one that didn't look like a starburst at all.
The stranger placed his palms flat on pristine floor tiles and his attractive rump in the air. "I'm—shit, my knees are so fucked—John Watson." John of the fucked knees grunted himself vertical. "Sorry, that last bit's my name, not the rest. The rest is just me being on some sort of fucking pilgrimage to decrepitude. I solve, uh, I guess I solve diarrhea and lingering coughs. I'm a doctor and I'm generally more cheerful than my swearing might imply." John Watson held out a hand. "What sort of murders?"
John gets it, he does, because John's good at snap judgments, at understanding the gravity of any given moment. And so the doctor knows the man isn't high or drunk, he's just one thing: Hungry.
John chuffed out a breath, nodded to a few of Scotland Yard's finest—the train conductor, the cat, the Boris Johnson—went to his knees beside the mostly-naked corpse. Long moments later he said, "If you're thinking it's the arrow, it's almost certainly not. A flesh wound, through the fatty part of his waist. Probably fell on it when he died."
The second that chaos of dark hair peeped over the rim of the roof John Watson lost his shit again. Not even thinking that dogs don't climb ladders, he saw that big mess of blackness and started shrieking "Fuck off! Fuck off! Fuck, fuck, fuck
"—I was very young, but I remember the smoke always smelled like cherries."
Instead John tucked himself into a corner of the four thousand square foot house while police continued to pour in, and he tried not to think that somewhere in London a small boy huddled in a small, freezing space, waiting, hoping.
"See here's the thing. I got on my knees yesterday. Where they're putting up that big ugly Ferris wheel by the river, you know? Anyway, I wanted to pet this tiny dog, Sir Aloysius Dandelion Floof or something painfully adorable like that. You should have seen this dog. Not even two kilos but the gravitational pull of a planet. I made infantile sounds at that dog. I may have cooed."
Maiko Mayfair, third generation owner of Blue Crane Dance Studio, nodded sympathetically. Dance with people long enough, hold them close, your hand on their shoulder or arm or waist, and if you are quiet and attentive and very like Maiko, you'll learn to see. Observe. To hear the meaningful places where people pause. There was something her client was not saying. She patiently waited for him to say it.
"Because he's pretty. I'm gay John, not blind. Like you."
But it's a hospital cafeteria, not some seedy pub, so the only time Sherlock's heard the man raise his voice was to say something nice.
John tips briefly sideways, gently shoving Sherlock with his shoulder. "Oh go on."
"If you come back tomorrow I'll tell you why!" said Sherlock breathless. John nodded yes with a grin, and ran off.
No, Sherlock's mind isn't on a case that doesn't even rate a number. It's on the three-sentence note in his hand, the one he found tucked in the antique card catalogue just inside the pub's front door.
"Stay in the van."
And didn't sit.
"But first you have to say please."
"So help me god I'll be the one to cut out
"When I'm alone and I do it, I like to linger."
John was drunk, drunk, drunk. But somewhere deep inside John Watson was quite sober, somewhere that mattered. So he whispered back, very carefully, very sweet. "Imagine I said that other part. The nice part. Let's leave that in, all right?"
"You saved his boring life and so what my brother's so verbosely trying to say is
John stepped closer. "A four-year-old old kicked me in the bollocks this morning. I'd love an excuse to vent some pent-up irritation."
Listening carefully, Sherlock scans and bags more wine, some cheese, milk.
The man stills.
"You should have removed your wedding ring sooner."
And maybe the young constable was never a friend, maybe she never saw him that way. Maybe he doesn't think of
The patient—sitting up in bed, eyes closed, both hands elegantly gesturing as if placing small things just so—stopped what he was doing, opened his eyes, and then his mouth.
This hiding was necessary. Because Sherlock was going to do something
Suddenly Grace grinned lopsidedly, made a small double-handed
his job.
So when that final kiss came John did what he had not done for any of the others. He leaned into it, he opened his mouth to it. And when he heard the faint baritone moan in reply, John licked into Sherlock's mouth and whispered, "I win."
John Watson pauses briefly when he hears…a sound.
Sherlock? The one who figured out the imposter corgis case?"
"Wow. John taught himself forty different kinds of knots and hitches. And we don't even have a boat."
Sherlock pretended a disinterest he didn't feel. Central London would put him much closer to Scotland Yard than Mycroft's ridiculous Kew Gardens 'bungalow,' and he'd stop feeling like he owed his brother something. Before Sherlock could drop his indifference in the form of a flood of questions, the cocky little doctor continued.
“The ambulance is nearly here,” Sherlock whispered, thumbs rubbing over John’s knuckles as he clasped his calloused hands between Sherlock’s cold ones. “You’ll be alright.”
And John did love Mary, obviously, it was just that he loved Sherlock more. He would never admit it, of course, not even to himself – but he did know, as he had for a long time. He loved Sherlock. John had been prepared to marry Mary because he’d believed Sherlock to be dead, but once Sherlock had come back an entire world of new-old possibilities had opened back up.
Alright, and what was
Sherlock rolled his eyes fondly. “You still don’t need to be sorry about the bookshop case. It’s fine.”
“A date!” Sherlock exclaimed later that day, shooting up from where he’d been dozing on the couch. “That’s what I was missing!”
John nodded, choosing to ignore the earlier ‘jealous girlfriend’ comment. After Sarah had broken up with him they’d remained friends, but she was still slightly bitter towards Sherlock since he’d been the reason they’d broken up. Sarah had apparently gotten tired of John ditching dates in favour of going out on another case or staying at 221B to make sure Sherlock actually ate something for dinner and went to bed before midnight. Sarah had said that she wasn’t going to be second to Sherlock – but John couldn’t help it. Sherlock always came first to him, which explained why he was there at the hospital instead of on his date with Emily.
Except, since Sherlock didn’t have a bed and wouldn’t sleep on the couch due to the broken heating, he had to sleep in John’s bed. And he kept stealing the sheets.
“Yes, and it thankfully won’t require social aspects, since my brother doesn’t seem to be in a talking mood,” Mycroft commented, interested to see how John would interact with Sherlock on one of his quiet days.
It took a few moments, but when the door did open it wasn’t Sherlock who stood there. It was his new flatmate, John… Watson, was it? The man was a doctor, anyway, and had been useful on the case according to Sherlock. Said he saved his life or something. Lestrade didn’t really want to get into it.
“Yes, I’m here,” Sherlock murmured, gloved fingers gently probing at the cut on John’s forehead. The touch elicited a pained groan from the man. Sherlock shushed him gently as he completed his examination.
John huffed irritatedly and reached over to pull his phone out of Sherlock’s pocket. Lestrade didn’t know why he did that – everyone else just yelled at Sherlock or gave up. John was the only person willing to get close enough to the detective to actually remove things from his pockets. Or maybe John was the only person Sherlock was willing to
“I, um, I just hear you talking to him on the phone whenever you actually, you know, call someone instead of typing to them. And that Chief Detective mentioned his name when you came in to examine a body a few days ago.”
“The surgery should let us in, they’ll patch him up there,” Mary told him, and Sherlock immediately shook his head.
John knew about the ‘thefts’, as the Yard had dubbed them. He may not be the world’s only and most dramatic consulting detective, but he did notice when his things went missing. He’d asked Mrs Hudson about it the first few times it had happened, but she’d sworn blind that she didn’t move anything while she was cleaning, so John had been left at a slight loss until Sherlock had shown up at Barts wearing his t-shirt.
There was no hesitation on the end of the line this time. “Yep. Mr Holmes has been asking for you. He’s had a reaction to something, it wasn’t too bad but we’re keeping him here until the toxicology screens come back.”
“Moriarty gave me a choice. Either I would kill myself, then and there, or three hired snipers would kill you, Lestrade and Mrs Hudson.” Sherlock paused there to laugh bitterly. “I‘ll confess, when Moriarty said that my friends would die, my first and only thought was for you.”
“Um, no, sorry.” Molly didn’t like dashing their hopes so quickly, but she didn’t have a choice. “Sherlock just has days where he won’t speak to anyone. John’s not an exception to that.”
John half-turned in his seat, looked the taller man dead in the eye and said, “Sherlock, we forgot to tell them that you’re not actually dead.”
John managed to open them halfway, and was content to leave it at that. There was a slight furrow in Sherlock’s brow as he looked back at him. A woman was hovering behind his shoulder and John had to focus for a moment to recognise her as Mary – her features still weren’t as familiar to him as Sherlock’s. He could pick Sherlock out of a crowd while he was blindfolded, but Mary was newer and so her plain light hair and dark eyes weren’t as familiar as the wild, dark curls and intelligent cerulean eyes that John could place blind, deaf and at the end of the bloody world.
John hummed amusedly in agreement, watching as Sherlock once more sipped his tea and made a slight face. “Why were you asking about tastebuds?”
“Car accident,” snapped Cerise, walking close enough to John that he was forced to back up a step. “Didn’t know you you had a boyfriend on the side, Mr Watson.”
When John opened the door, Mary was faced with the sight of her boyfriend standing there with his flatmate once again clinging to him from behind, arms looped around his waist and face turned into John’s shoulder to give them some semblance of privacy.
Although she’d promised to talk John around and stop them arguing, she knew that letting Sherlock Holmes into her and John’s life would be a big mistake. One day, John was going to have to be forced to make a choice between Sherlock or Mary, and Mary didn’t like her chances.
John looked to Lestrade for help in telling Anderson to step down. But Lestrade was nodding along. “I’m with him on this one. This is a triple murder case, some arsonist burned down a bookshop with people still in it because of something they hated about the shop. We need to know everything we can about the bookshop where it happened, and we’ve not got much to go on since everything’s been burnt to rubble. Sherlock saw the shop before it was set on fire, and I’ve been asking him about the book titles for the last hour, and he hasn’t said anything! And I mean
), Sherlock was still and his pulse was gone (
Prompt: Hospital/Emergency Contact. This is basically a 5+1 of Sherlock being injured 5 times and John being injured 1 time.
“Alright, Sherlock, time to go,” he said, placing a hand on the man’s shoulder as he stared at the linoleum floor. “Sherlock?”
John remembered waking up with his head pounding, each breath and rustle of sheets and beat of his heart echoing louder and louder in his ears. Sherlock was there, cold fingertips tapping out gentle but silent rhythms against the insides of John’s wrists to take his mind off the pain. Mary was not there, out for the night having dinner with old friends that she couldn’t cancel out on.
“Sherlock
“Yeah, sounds like us,” he said, his voice slightly muffled, and John sighed in fond exasperation before turning back to the trio in the doorway.
to herself.”
Sherlock didn’t understand why everyone always went so quiet when he and John exchanged terms of endearment. They insulted each other all the time and that was practically the same thing! Or to them it was, at least.
One look at Sherlock told her that he knew what John was talking about. He looked guilty as he avoided both John and Molly’s gazes.
It was easier than Sherlock had thought it would be, dismantling Moriarty's web. That’s not to say it wasn’t at all difficult and that it didn’t leave its fair share of scars, but he was finished up a whole three months earlier than expected and was currently standing outside the graveyard, waiting to see John.
“Is he alright?” he asked, turning to John only to find the man smiling uncontrollably.
“Ready to go?” Sherlock asked, taking his signature coat back from the receptionist as he turned to John.
John was already in a cab at that point and wasn’t surprised that Sherlock had been asking for him if the detective was being kept waiting. Sherlock
John managed to struggle his way into a seated position with help from Sherlock, and they listened carefully while a doctor explained to them how the wound needed to be treated. John had been very lucky – the graze had been deep and would leave a scar, but it wouldn’t aggravate his old war wound on the same shoulder.
“Hello John,” he said, the sheer exhaustion in his voice weighing John down just from hearing it.
John hesitated in the doorway before leaving longer than he should have, Sherlock clinging on to him from behind. John allowed himself a moment – one moment, that may have bled into two – where Sherlock was here and solid and real and not going anywhere, long arms twined loosely around his neck, warm breaths puffing against his shoulder. Then he reached up to gently untangle Sherlock’s arms, said a quiet goodbye, and let go and left.
The fourth time, nearly twelve months after the first, was unforgettable.
Instead John does what he still thinks is delightfully dirty. He pulls out from between Sherlock's long legs and makes little noises while he jerks himself off, coming all over Sherlock's beautiful backside and even pushing his still-coming cock between the cheeks a bit so he can get Sherlock wet.
and am happy for questions that may prompt future entries. Until then I hope this wee chapter and those already written offer bits of information about London and where the boys might go or places they might know will help you craft your glorious Sherlock (and other) fics!
Sherlock glanced at the expensive Oxfords. "My brother needed a new pair anyway, those have a scratch. And I like these better, don't you?"
of these would impress them to continue their 'limited time treat' and then they discontinued the fucking thing
Sherlock
Sherlock nods. John licks his lips. Sherlock watches his tongue.
"When we went to the bear shop to make her they had all these things you could pick for eyes and heads and clothes and stuff and they also had these hearts you put inside with your secrets. The prettiest one was this sparkly yellow heart with orange on the edges that looked just like the roses that daddy grows for mummy. But I think mummy gets, um, mucus when she smells them but she won't tell daddy because she doesn't want him to be sad that they make her feel that way and so that's why she's called Rosie."
Panicking right back, John looked at the pond, the ducks, and at the heads of nine red carnations bobbing in the water. He glanced at the ruined bouquet at his feet and wasn't sure how most of the flowers had ended up in the water but he said, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," anyhow.
He didn't do it, though. Decided he didn't care if he could deceive the man, because he was sure he could. It's not hard, it never is. Even if they're liars people want to believe other people aren't. Sherlock's good at making use of that little foible too, when he can.
"Well hello again you gorgeous little shit."
"All of them, they look for clues where there are none, and so look right past the clues already there. No wonder they can't catch criminals.
Strutton Ground is only right across the Victoria Street but it's often down this small, almost-quiet road that Greg goes because that symbolic crossing of Victoria Street makes him feel he's gone a million miles from work.
"Sorry, what?"
"—despite all of that, I realise that until nine minutes ago we had not stood within five feet of one another and, most importantly, have not been properly introduced. And no, you telling me that your name is Herlock does not quite count."
"Just out for a fuck then are you? Have enough friends you can't imagine making more? Well bully for you, mister, what a tender world yours must be."
That was precisely when John took Sherlock's wrist and tugged him from the hotel banquet room, down the hall, down another hall, and then randomly through the first unlocked door he found.
Because on this day John did something kind of gross (but later important)
Be that as it may, all Sherlock knows is that if he wants to continue not caring about something as dishwater dull as
Who Died of Injuries Received
John Watson whispered again, lower than the first time. "I bet he isn't though."
John never finished the thing he was going to say, the thing that went something like, "Uh no, I meant why don't you loudly and inappropriately say how inappropriate their behaviour is? You could even make it more uncomfortable for them by tugging at your trousers suggestively and say their behaviour is making you
and told him to run along.
take them home to meet my mother. Fucking
"Does it hurt? Where does it hurt? It's not supposed to hurt. When I booked this spa day I absolutely asked them if it would—"
"Wait."
But the man doesn't hush and it's not all right, not until John gets it, flash-quick and clear as day, so he presses his temple against the man's and he whispers close, so his breath is warm right on down the man's neck, "Be still little love, be still."
But Sherlock sees.
Carelessly staring down at the short man squinting up, Sherlock leaned in close and immediately started doing his Sherlock
puts him in danger and he can't fight back. Because Sherlock doesn't care about pride, Sherlock will hide in the dark and he'll
Just this morning a detective at Scotland Yard had smiled at him. Even after he'd accidentally caused her to drop a three-hundred page case file, then 'helped' by pushing a couple papers closer to with his foot. She'd just tut-tutted, said he was
Sherlock said more nothing.
sandwich he's going to throw it to the ground, step on it, twist his heel, then pick up the remnants and get far more satisfaction feeding it to the pigeons that are in…
"I need help. Could you spare a minute?"
"Do they? Do they do that?"
Sherlock in a fic.
at them, Sherlock knows that for firsthand fact, so he might as well stare. Since that's what he wants to do, that's what he does.
Finally John looked up, into sort-of blue eyes. "Beg pardon?"
For the last three years I've attended a college right behind Montague Street, so I can tell you what I know of the area. Montague Street is very short—one block long—and it's in the Bloomsbury district, a tidy, urban, pleasant part of town very dense with museums, universities, and student housing.
"My name's John."
Sherlock's eyes rolled back, his hips jerking forward, and John was sure he'd just solved the case.
"I'm sorry John!" shouted Sherlock, flailing at John's belt again and totally missing how belts work. Again.
While Cesare gathered his abashed thought, Sherlock decided to deduce the short, finger-drumming man with the appalling taste in coffee.
John Watson looked Maiko Mayfair right in the eyes but did not see her. Instead he saw what he sees ever since being invalided home: A potential obstacle, something to push past.
Through the window both men see Johnny bang down his beer glass again, heading toward the door. "Your boyfriend's coming to claim you."
They call it skin hunger, the need to touch and be touched, the cell-deep craving to know through contact that you're not alone.
how much he tells them about how much he sees, they still don't believe him, they still refuse to
says the first.
Sherlock presses at the small hand on his chest, mimics with his mouth, pushes out a long, wheezy…slow…slower…slowest breath.
The man who
"Because I went to see that film at Leicester Square today and—"
As the group clattered off John checked his watch. "Damn, I'm due in outpatients." Stamford nodded. "And I'm late for a lecture. We'll get a pint soon."
"Oh yes I damn well can."
A man. Dressed in a…dress. A long one of black sequins.
"…I'm John."
"It's a long story, Doctor, uh…"
A man, coming toward him, motions measured, his movement already a dance.
They'll release him in a couple hours, but right now he's weak but alert, getting fluids. John is asking him questions, and Sherlock is answering.
"Someone has to go in there and—"
"You're—"
know is that a crapload of caffeine is sizzling through his veins and it is about to set his little brain on
John though, he has a soft spot for St. Mary's old-fashioned beauty (just as he adores
So over the next weeks and months the boys worried one another well of their little hurts, then over the months and the years they worried one another well of their big hurts, even when they were the reason for the hurts.
Or it was better, it was damn brilliant for awhile, because the bartender was even more spiky than John, who had said thanks after getting his drink and had received a withering glance in reply.
a Sherlock before, they knew within ten seconds who they were to one another.
The young detective frowned, wide-eyed. "There are six hundred self-storage companies in greater London.
With a lifted chin Sherlock turned, walked-strutted a dozen feet. He turned with a sway, returned, stood directly in front of John, legs akimbo. It was a mere quirk of fate that his crotch was at the height of John's mouth.
"She's
The man smiled for real this time.
"Fucking bloody hell, I'll do it you spoiled babies."
So as he does with all the donors who find themselves no longer capable of giving a good scratch to a sudden itch, John has a tissue draped over his index finger, and is holding it right in front of Mr Holmes' nose. Mr Holmes leans every-so-slightly forward and scratches himself against John's finger. His sigh is mighty.
"Not even a little?"
when the little boy sat down next to him so close that their swinging feet started swinging together.
Sherlock touched John's mouth.
—" Sherlock shakes his head to erase the last word, "I'm…the wrong
An intimate voice, a sexy voice. (Four. Is that four things?)
Sherlock smiles when he spots a tiny black woman approaching. He knows she looks for the loud talker, he knows at a glance they're lovers. Two colours, one gender, and when this station was built they could never have been who they are to one another, but Sherlock's city has changed, and she'll change again and again and again.
The third and fourth kisses were odd in opposite directions. One was strangely dry, as if the kisser was dehumidifying him as they smooched, while the second was sloppy-wet and poorly aimed. He correctly guessed both were women.
Sherlock shoved the article to the floor and then John onto his back. He clambered on top of him.
Rooted to the spot in his own front garden, John was too frightened to blink.
No, suddenly something was very near and warm and smelt of liquorice and righteous indignation. That something was blue-eyed, squirmy tongued, and
Two weeks later they were pretending they were still flatmates.
The loft of another presumptuous brow.
What if John Watson and Sherlock Holmes had met somewhere other than St. Bart's?
So John Watson got out of the van.
"Touch it," John says, getting into bed and bowing his head toward Sherlock.
And Altamont.
Another case over before it began. Another missed chance to prove what he could do. Another failure to put words to invisible facts, to make people understand, to show them what he sees.
Words you can speak with the barest breath.
At Sherlock's muttered name, John grins, taps his guest's right arm. "So now, take hold of his mane here. Yes, just like that, then pull and step…yes that's good, now up you go!"
John knew that face, he knew that face, he knew—
Even so, John's about to let the man go because it's not appropriate what he's doing, it's not
John nodded, "I know who she is."
Having already eaten half of three of them John wasn't sure how Sherlock had come to his conclusion but he successfully disabused his one true love of the falsehood when he said, "Sherlock.
It may have been intriguing to Greg Lestrade, but it was raw sewage to Sherlock. Literally raw sewage, in a tunnel beneath Charing Cross, and through which Sherlock waded hip-deep for a quarter mile. While he got the garrotter at the end, Sherlock also got a spectacular urinary tract infection because, well,
Sherlock licked his lips for the eighth—no, there he went again—ninth time, then pursed the elaborate bow of them. "Oh that's amusing coming from a man who can't—"
an ice cream mafia, and he does not need something as petty as proof to know that it is true.
This became relevant twenty-one years later as Sherlock Holmes stood in the sterile confines of a sperm bank wanking room. (They have not called the room that. They have not called it anything except busy. "It's busy," the receptionist said, "because of the remodel. Hurry on.")
They stand about awkwardly a bit more.
Ordinarily Sherlock would pounce on things like
He likes it very much.
It rained the whole way to the pub.
his feet had brought him to nearly within touching distance of the man.
"—can't, can't—"
John's face blooms slow with a grin. "Amazing."
When John told him Sherlock said softly, "I wish I'd known her."
John Watson did not pay one little never mind to the man behind the bar, because John Watson does not come into pubs to socialise. He comes into pubs to drink and while he is drinking he radiates as many prickly
He doesn't like it.
"Lestrade says I look just like Sai's old sweetheart now. He thinks this time we've got her."
"You want to know a thing you can do to get back at your brother? I did it to my sister once and she hasn't come into my room for a
All the grown-ups were searching the same shops and looking in the same big rubbish bins and glancing into the same sewer grates but none of them were looking
His absolute
got to take all of this to the skip...
because John heard that deep-voiced purr loud and clear and that made heat rise, incandescent, up his neck and down between his legs.
him. To his voice. Instantly John's voice drops half an octave of its own accord. Sherlock doesn't bother to mute his moan.
It's all worth it though, because he showed them. Showed them by
Stamford stopped next to a St. Bart's cafeteria table, arms crossed. "And what's wrong with yours, Dr. Watson?"
This pavilion architecture made for great beauty. Can you imagine canon Holmes and Watson visiting
John sits down beside the bed and for a moment he reaches for Sherlock's hand and then shyly he doesn't, just rests it on the bed.
"That's mucus," the little boy said, sitting down. The boy didn't seem to care that he sat on the grass more or less where Sherlock had been rubbing his mucus.
Greg Lestrade made embarrassed noises. "Sherlock Holmes isn't my…he's… After he fell he didn't want to stay. Let's just say I've learned to take precautions."
Until Sherlock does.
Yeah. London. He loves this place.
Sherlock Holmes smiles and he–
Madam was saved from relationship fraud by the insistent purr of the deep-voiced technician. "The curtains at your left will take you to…"
Captain John Watson was always a good soldier. He knew when to follow orders.
They have a three hour stop over in Jerusalem, then another in Istanbul before arriving in London—Sherlock lies twice so that they're seated together, once claiming they're married—and by that time they have talked without pause for twenty-two hours.
"You could always just say hello, you know."
John had no idea what Sherlock was saying and Captain John Hamish Watson has heard the whispers of enfeebled patients while their encampment was under enemy fire. John Watson has superhero-level hearing when the need is sharp.
goosebumps skittering frisky along his skin but he sure felt them. He turned, in peripheral vision could still only see a bit of straight, sandy hair. He whispered back, "Mike did this not on a drunken dare since he hardly drinks. He did this because he wants us to meet each other."
Sherlock knew that Greg knew that Sherlock would follow him down Strutton Ground to the pub just up from the Yard. There were seven questions he still had for the DI and Greg knew that Sherlock knew that Greg would grudgingly answer them in between downing the first of Friday's pints.
a sort-of meta (okayed by AO3!) which I'll publish on Tumblr too (link below so that you can see more and larger photos). Without further ado...
"That's a nice name."
Dearest Diary,
Yes, he had too much time on his hands, but fortunately for Sherlock, Montague Street is smack dab in the middle of a
Six hours later the barista goes about the business of closing the shop up around them. She brings them a bit of cake first. They try to pay. She doesn't let them.
that by the time John turned away in a huff and got in the car he forgot why he was there until he was buckling up in the
One time that shifting had John having a one-sided fight with a bumble bee. He didn't know she was on the rock and he didn't know that it was a bee stinging him over and over in his little finger but he started whimpering and then fell back onto his bum, clutching his hand to his chest.
"I don't
A pretty one, yes, but this is London and let's be frank: it's loaded with posh pretty. Young men in suits snug-perfect, others gone Goth with black-smudged eyes half-hidden behind voluptuous drapes of hair. Or this one, rather au natural with his head full of messy curls, pale mole-dotted skin, and a way of moving that was both balletic and indifferent to his place in space.
"They should tell the whole story. The papers," John says, fingers now whispering gentle and light over Sherlock's arms as he withdraws this, swabs that, sets to placing plasters. How John knows that Sherlock knows what he means he can't say, but he does.
Woozy with too much whisky John Watson blinked at the tall, slim man wildly gesturing at a big, burly man two pub tables over.
Fast-damn-forward to John only
tube stops.
answered. He doesn't want to hear "Well you're an idiot," or "That was stupid." So Sherlock Holmes says nothing. John's not so reticent.
"You have pretty hair," he says, because John's own hair is very plain and he wishes he had big, fluffy hair like Sherlock. And also,
"Yes." Sherlock didn't say
John shrugged at Stamford, who shrugged back and pocketed the note. "He's always like that."
"I almost never drink."
"An look mummy, the thign thays there are vital vitaminths and mineralths!"
John's mouth pulled down in sympathy and, a bit shy about touching, he gently patted the grass between them while Sherlock wept.
and that's rich coming from a flappy-coated git in a funny hat. What kind of get up is
They'd grown used to easy consults, deferential families, to nurses smart enough to protect their egos. They'd forgotten that when people were hurt they lashed out and
P.S. You can say the station's name a few different ways, but the one I hear most often sounds like
tutor's last day.
"I—I…um, wait wait wait." John suddenly stopped dry humping Sherlock. He climbed off the table. Took a step back.
"I don't need to know his—"
Some lessons are never learned. And some are learned very well indeed.
This bank is at the corner of Baker Street and Marylebone Road and about a 60 second walk from 221B. If you're lookin' for the closest bank to the boys, this is it, and it's on their side of the road as well. Right across from it is HSBC but since I don't much care for HSBC I didn't to photograph it. Besides, it's on the other side of Baker Street from their flat. Sherlock does not cross the street unnecessarily.
Turned out, well, it turned out that Sherlock got so very much more than that.
The man stopped a half dozen feet from John. Waited. Like Maiko Mayfair, Sherlock Holmes sees and observes. And so Sherlock waited to see what his potential client would do.
He would not define himself as straight.
Those times John learns the best thing of all. He learns he can fall a bit more in love with his gangly, fluffy-haired love. Just a little, wonderful bit.
Sherlock's already pressing the mushroom soup to his belly and doesn't realise it. He's also moving to the far corner, little man forgotten, because suddenly his teeth are clattering and he can't make them stop.
What they remember is different each time but not what happens after. Or maybe what happens after is really the same thing expressed in different ways.
He may not yet be the legend he will become, but Sherlock's already got every gift he will need to embody that legend and he put those fine deductive skills to flawless use now, knowing when to lick, when to push his tongue inside, when to moan "more," as if he didn't already have everything John could give.
The man smiles down at him, all teeth and curls. John's cheeks go hot and already he's lost his train of thought. The ill-tempered thud of Johnny's beer glass focuses him fast.
The man was a man, like hundreds of men John Watson has had on his couch.
was here, so he held out his finger. It was swollen and pink and very hot.
Look, the thing is, the little tiny small stressful thing is, I
"Okay!"
But that summer day Sherlock taught John something as important: He taught him that sometimes appropriate isn't. And polite? Polite is just another name for starvation.
Another day to use the microtome John'd got him!
Sherlock wriggled some more, until he had his trousers and pants pushed down to his thighs. He started to rut against John's jeans and John half-wondered if half-page articles in
In Trying to Save
Still there also is the 5-star Savoy Hotel, which came into being around the time Sherlock Holmes did, too, in the 1880s. I highly recommend exploring both inside the hotel – you can get chocolate treats there, no expensive hotel-stay required! – and behind it, with its strange little tucked-away streets.
"Clearly they do."
John was besotted instantly. He expressed this by reflexively clutching another carnation head.
"Good. Do you know where Angelo's restaurant is?"
—scowled. Ordinarily John was perfectly content working graveyard shift in St. Mary's morgue. Despite being wildly over-qualified, despite spending most long nights alone with a tiny TV and his own moods, John often sometimes somewhat almost actually
The third time Sherlock panted, "Wait, wait," and tried to get his mouth on John as he came. He ended up with as much come in his eye as in his mouth.
The first time John and Sherlock met, it was completely forgettable...
When I am near Mr Gentle Hands Quiet he makes very loud mouth noises that Mr Fast Talk Biscuits calls 'sneezing.' If you are a young pup and don't know what sneezing is, it is when a human's mouth does not like your fur and so does a loud explosion to keep it away from them.
A constable unfastened an old gate fronting a neighborhood garden.
No one stops John from roaming, grinning reminiscent, touching pricey lighters, deep-bowled pipes, shiny wooden boxes.
A bit later Sherlock padded back from the loo, crawled into bed, and snuggled into John's arms.
"Oh for god's sake don't be tiresome. You can't betray your ex-lover. Besides, if this was a betrayal to her, then you did that six weeks ago when you had your long, emotional," here Sherlock Holmes tried employing air quotes but succeeded only in poking himself in the eye, "'talk' at Starbucks."
"Wow, that's great."
Lestrade stood still, so much more weary now than he was just minutes ago, his body already rounded with defeat.
Still busy relishing the rummage, it takes Mr Holmes a moment to look up, gaze a post-orgasmic sort of dopey.
John slid off his chair, as if this would somehow bring him closer to his own hand. He looked along with Sherlock, who pointed to three red dots. "There are too many for a honey bee. They can only sting you one time. I guess it was a bumble bee then."
Then they waited until the barista was done serving two fitness teachers four espressos before asking the man for a damp cloth.
nudity. No, John addressed something even more inappropriate.
"Oh, my boy's just the same."
doesn't sound suspicious."
And suddenly John understands that the man is lying. And why. He glances toward the ladies and plops back into the booth with an "Oh shit."
"Why?"
But the case is closed already and right now, in
"Go talk to him before you have an aneurysm."
Instantly the tension released and the rope fell away. They'd been tied with nothing more than a slip knot.
No one ever knew about what.
Sherlock Holmes smiled. "That just leaves 'little.'
Every single one of the remaining strangers listen so carefully they're holding their breath. Sherlock's cheeks may at this point actually be on fire.
I don't remember."
The burly man blinked. He released the slim man. The slim man started to say something strident. John belched and began to say you’re welcome. The burly man punched John in the face.
Thirteen hours later they were giggling and eating the best Chinese food that has ever been,
Sherlock looks back into the room but suddenly doesn't see the people. He's not used to….
Why it's as easy as…dancing.
Everyone: Sherlock, a passing cashier, and that woman, pause.
No one, not one of them, realised John had slowly moved through their small circle and right up to Sherlock.
John Watson smiled.
and then he tips over and starts to come with a grunt.
Hands and knees pressed together, John Watson's body language was not just closed, it was locked down tight.
"I'm John. I just thought I'd, um, say hi."
John couldn't tell who was yelling because, as the woman outside had implied, the place was crawling with cops and John was one body among far too many.
With a dramatic coat-tail flourish, Sherlock sat beside the intriguing stranger and said, "Of course they think they know."
So he could do these things Sherlock did something else. "This chair I'm sitting on—and probably yours too?—has cushions, that means they came from inside the house, from around the dining table. They were placed way back here where the barbecue is on the only area of the garden with a stable, flat surface. From the feel of the rope it isn't anything like the sisal you can see holding up those tomato plants there to the left, it feels like cotton, which is entirely more gentle to tender skin.
"I'm an emergency responder, I
Sherlock Holmes would not define himself as gay.
was a damn sight easier than giving two dozen kids their booster jabs, being puked on by two of them, and berated by the parents of three.
"There's a very good reason I did that."
Sherlock says nothing.
But it's fine, it's all fine.
John becomes aware that the man behind him is…he's…wanking
Sherlock counts the small man's steps. One, two, three, nearly gets to four before he realises he wants to say something, something he hasn't heard today, maybe thank—
He says I can't drive, which is entirely news to me as I've had my licence since I was ten years old. [No you haven't Sherlock.]
and that includes the one he'll have at twenty-eight, when he figures out how to get Bakelite to burn without emitting brain-damaging poisonous gas.
"And he asked me to lead the waltz."
need Sherlock Holmes to stop coming into the morgue singing those
Scotland Yard's costumed finest began to talk amongst themselves.
"Perfectly sound analysis, but I was hoping you'd go deeper."
The little man again, holding out plastic cutlery. Why is he doing this?
Propped on the left is a bone. The Thames used to be much wider than it is today, I’ve been told, and in reclaiming land from the river, rubbish was long ago dumped along the shore. Much of that rubbish was slaughterhouse bones, as well as broken bits of pottery and pipe. I went on an archeologist-led walk along the southern Thames shore a few years back and one of our party found an eight hundred year old clay shard from a jug. The shard had a face carved into it and the archeologist went breathless.
"You're talking too fast Sherlock!"
The first Christmas back from Afghanistan nearly killed John. When he was still over there he'd sometimes got letters from the soldiers that had gone home, strangely short letters. All those years ago John had promised himself that when he got home he'd write long letters. He'd write great letters.
"Oh god, he's in a storage—" John stopped talking when the detective actually looked as if he'd cry.
"Mike, can I borrow your stethoscope?"
Fuck it. John does not want a 'nice' sandwich. He does not want pretty greens with sliced beetroot and English cucumbers and soy-seared salmon god damn it. He wants a fucking savory pie because he has walked half a mile in the Thames and his best shoes have been in a sewer and Regent's canal is a whole lot fucking deeper than it has any right to be, so for dinner they are going to this savory pie shop and they are having piping hot, calorie-dense, wonderful English
A couple days after that day in the park John learned that his mother knew many swear words, so, so many, when she learned what John's teacher had told him.
Sometimes it takes a very long time to keep a promise.
actually
John Watson bends over the glass-topped counter, gazes at the display of gleaming pipes. The sales clerk lingers a polite while, then just a little longer. Finally she turns toward a less nostalgic, more well-heeled customer.
Sherlock knew they knew he was sad, and he also knew you help sad people, that's what daddy says. And it wasn't like he didn't look up hopefully every time someone sat down near him, because he did, but no one said
the proof John!"
The man was tall and dark-haired and gesturing at his left leg. "It was a stumble against a kerb. Nothing at all. It's fine."
morning was going to go! Why he could—
John looks at his mum. His mum's peripheral vision is quite good and so she catches this gaze, returns it, and freights it with a blown kiss. A low-key kid with a stack of books in front of him and the remnant of some sniffles, John does a little finger wave back, and he pretends to read his book for a second but…
Greg thinks that a lot.
Sherlock scowled. He was seven and small, but his scowl was already quite a bit bigger than the rest of him. Problem was, the blonde boy wasn't even looking, and it had taken nearly all Sherlock's courage to come over and say the few words he'd already said.
So instead Sherlock calls himself terrible names and in window glass watches, and when the woman gets up with a smile, Sherlock does, too.
"Oh, right." Mike gestured as they sat. "John Watson, Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock's a detective. Looking for a flat share. Since we were just talking about that this morning I thought I'd bring him by."
The small boy blinks back as John's mum goes to chat with the small boy's father, a tall and skinny gentleman who smiles very nicely and waves.
Both men grinned like giddy fools. They had the sudden urge to shout loudly. They didn't though.
John quarter turns crisply, nods at nothing, is about to walk away when Sherlock stands, still talking to his coffee. "Skinny vanilla latte extra hot, almond biscotti on the side."
The man is hot and cold, sweating but John can feel it prickling his skin with goosebumps. He's still pushing, trying to crawl away from the pain but there's nowhere to go but deeper into John's arms. Wrapping one across the man's chest, dialing 999 with the other hand, John holds the man fast but the man keeps fidgeting so John keeps dropping the phone and now he's moaning in deep hurt again, so John dips his head, presses his mouth to the man's ear and murmurs low low low, "Hush, love, be still. Shhh."
But Sherlock was talking so fast he might soon create a sonic boom. He was also moving. So fast. Not that that was easy to see. On account of how fast he was moving. All this because of all the coffee. He'd ingested. Quite quickly.
says John Watson. "We'll start with the motorbike."
Because that's what children do.
Sherlock didn't use to know what that was but he looked it up. Next time John asked his rhetorical question, Sherlock answered. "I think it looks like Ten's sonic, though maybe a bit of the eleventh Doctor's as well." John had got so over-excited he crawled on top of Sherlock right there on that hillside and snogged him senseless. (And yeah, I think the BT Tower most closely resembles the sonic of David Tennant's Doctor Who.)
