Head down, shoulders back, Steve thought as he strode down the hallway outside the locker room, past the startled crush of people coming to see what the fuss was about, past the vending machines and water fountains, past the cameras with their flashing red eyes.  Except, it was easier this time.  Not such a slog, he realized.  Where each step had once been a force of will at times, it was easier now.  His head wasn’t down. His shoulders weren’t back.  He was just...walking.
“You…this…you…” Steve stuttered, words utterly failing him.
“See…see, someone…well, someone could maybe get the wrong impression.  About you and your friend, I mean,” Happy said, his voice thick.
Tony turned away from the mirror and walked over their bed.  It was weird to walk around in something like this.  So…different than his usual comfort clothes.  He looked down at the cleft in his chest where the top dipped low, swallowed hard and sat down on the edge of the bed.  The slightly rough, sheer material of the top felt cool and warm at the same time as it pulled over his skin.  The tips of his nipples jutted out, hard, dusky ovals just below where the lace edge ended, so that whenever the strap fell or he twisted or stretched just so, the lace would scrape across those sensitive peaks.  He could somehow feel each movement of the lace in the tip of his cock, which was pressing against the soft fabric of the panties.  A small wet spot had appeared sometime around the point he finally managed to get the second garter attached, and by now, the whole front of the panties was damp where his hard cock pressed against the confines of the material.
Peace—true peace—could not exist without justice, that much Steve knew. Anything else was an illusion to protect the powerful. The Jerak’ho was part of that protection. It would split walls and fell enemies, yes, but it would also perpetuate a system that kept untold numbers under the yoke of slavery, and it was impossible to both wish for Tony’s success and despise the system that allowed it.
“Sure thing, Boss,” Happy replied with a nod.  He maneuvered the car into traffic and headed back towards Manhattan.
“Oh. Oh, good, then,” Steve responded carefully, keeping his eyes on Tony.  “I’m glad you like it. The mug. And the car, of course.”  Tony could feel bright spots of heat welling up on his cheeks.  Why did he always manage to sound like he should be buying a vowel when Steve was around?  Probably because you’ve been spending your nights thinking about how nice it would be to find yourself bent over the hood of the apology-Audi, Tony’s Id suggested helpfully.
“What were you doing with him?” Steve asked carefully, almost like he didn’t really want to know the answer.
Finally, Steve decided he’d had enough.  They both wished they’d handled things differently from the beginning.  Seemed the best way to deal with that was to try again.  Do it right this time. He just hoped if he went out on the limb, Tony would follow.
Margaret, actually, though she never used her title. This girl back home,” Steve explained when the creature raised its eyebrows in question.  It sniffed, a churlish, harrumphing sound and kicked at the sand with one of its tentacles, then looked back at Steve. “Met her at an abolitionist meeting before the War.  She was a firecracker, Shellhead, I’m telling you. Lit up the room. British by birth, but came to America to help with the cause. Her parents had her whole life planned out, but Peggy, she--she wanted more.  She saw this incredible injustice, and she just couldn’t look away. Just couldn’t. She was amazing. You’d like her,” Steve chortled, trying to picture the meeting. “She’d probably have ordered you to find her a pair of dolphins to ride off this rock in the first week, and you’d have gladly done it and asked what else you could do to win her approval. That’s Peggy.”
“I’m just saying,” Tony replied with a smile pulling up the corners of his mouth.  “God-damned, fucking fairy tale ending shit right here.”
Pleasure exploded deep inside Steve.  He twisted beneath Tony, seeking more of that wonderful friction.  “Tony!” Steve shouted, hips bucking as Tony swiped his thumb over the head of Steve’s cock.  It was bliss.  Ecstasy.  He didn’t care what Tony was.  No, that wasn’t true. He wanted this.  Maybe it was the dreams driving him to this, maybe it was the Claim, as Tony insisted, Steve didn’t know, he just knew that he wanted this. Wanted
It had been Iron Man who gifted him with the shield. The armor and sword, too, but it was the shield Steve loved the most.  He should tell Ian about them, he thought, though, he knew he wouldn’t.  Some things should stay buried. That’s what he told himself when Iron Man left.  There are some things that should stay buried.
“Guess you know, huh?” Steve said, giving Tony a resolute look.
He didn’t have many paints left.  They were too expensive and took up too much space.  Brock didn’t like the smell, either.  The few canvases Steve had painted over the past six months were tucked in a corner in the closet to maybe send to Bucky’s parents or Laura one day since what Steve painted wasn’t really Brock’s thing.  He did have some colored pencils and a sketchbook stashed in his bedside table, though, so he took those out and sat by the window, sketching the view from the Skywalk from memory.
His other favorite pastime when Tony was occupied was walking the gardens, over which he was given free rein.  The gardens were beautifully lush and, seemingly, set up with various delights and amusements for his benefit, such as the chess set that appeared on the stone table where the willow dipped its branches into the clear surface of a pond, tempting the bright orange fish who darted beneath or the musicians who sometimes played from a balcony overlooking the lawn as he strolled.  The collar he wore, as much as it was its own kind of prison, gave him a certain status and deference, and an amount of freedom he had once assumed he would never see again.
“I’m supposed to know what that is?” Steve asked. This was, Steve would realize, how he ended up getting a lecture on biomass torrefaction that could produce biofuels that ran much cleaner than coal, and how much more energy efficient it was to decentralize the process into small scale reactors, something Tony apparently was working on in connection with various military and civilian think-tanks.  In his spare time.   It was easy to listen to Tony, let himself get lost in Tony’s passion for a project that made little sense in the particulars to Steve, but Tony was strangely good at explaining complicated concepts without sounding like an ass, Steve found. He wondered if Tony had spent his whole life figuring out how to explain things to people who didn’t understand and just took it for granted now how much of a skill it was to do that without talking down to someone.
“I still have some Kevlar left over from your last suit.  How do you feel about a slightly militant Winnie the Pooh pattern?” Tony asked.
“Normandy. That was hell,” the man was saying in a raspy, dry-throated voice as Tony approached.  “Wrote a letter to this one,” the man continued, pointing a thin finger at the man next to him.  “Telling him to go find someone else, I wasn’t coming back.  Didn’t think any of us were coming back.  The water.  The water was red. We had to step on bodies getting out of the boats. Mines all over the place.  Damn Krauts.  They’d come out at night and loot the bodies for cigarettes, did you know that?”
“Clint is going to want to go all the way deaf.  No, wait.  I didn’t mean that. That’s horrible to say. I’m not—I shouldn’t—words.  I shouldn’t words,” Steve said with a frown.  Tony bit the inside of his cheek, then smiled down at him.
“Thank you.  Thanks, I—“ Steve started, but she had already hung up.  He stared down at the phone as if it held any answers to all of this and felt a fluttering in his stomach at the thought of seeing Tony again.
, his mind supplied.  Catch a falling star and put it in your pocket.  Something. He would be dead soon. In minutes, probably.
The alien looked at him, pausing for a moment, and Tony could almost feel the slight mental probing around the edges of his mind.  “I understand this reference,” the alien said. “A fictional character of alien origin. You preferred the other one, the Captain.   James. Jim.”
He slept as hard as he’d ever slept, dreamless and deep, and woke to heat and solid muscle beneath him.  He breathed in deeply, inhaling Steve’s scent and felt his morning erection go from welcoming the day to intensely interested.  He buried his head in the crook of Steve’s neck, licking at the place where he’d bitten the night before.  The mark had already faded, but Tony laved the spot with his tongue anyway.  He heard Steve groan and shift to wakefulness as Tony’s hands skated down Steve’s sides to hitch his shirt up enough to give him access to warm skin and hard planes of muscle.
“Something public. Very public. See and be seen kind of thing. Dinner, someplace really ostentatious,” Tony suggested. “Pepper’s handling the details.”
“Take them.  Really. Please.  I want you to—you should take them,” Tony said, swiping a hand over his mouth and ducking his head, letting his hair fall over his face to shield his expression.  He walked over to the desk and shifted some papers around, digging through a stack until he found what he was looking for. He turned around and leaned back against the desk, holding out the papers. “Here. This is it, isn’t it?”
“Are you alright?  What happened?” Tony asked. Tentatively, he reached up and carefully brushed his fingertips across Steve’s cheek.  “Steve.  Did he--did he do this?  Jesus, I--I didn’t know--I--” he broke off with a soft curse, his face tightening. “That fucking bastard!  Steve, are you--”
“I am not sure how I would quantify such an emotional reaction in order to be able to fully answer your query, Sir,” JARVIS replied.
“Shepard hit it at least a mile. On the moon. Remember? I told you about it that first night, when you came home and I freaked out because I thought we were going to have sex?  You know, before I freaked out when I thought we weren’t going to have sex?” Tony reminded him, rolling his eyes a bit in self-deprecation as Steve huffed out a laugh.  “Think you can beat the record?”
“Because of the one eye thing!  That’s—come on, that’s funny!” Tony protested.  “Who snitched?  Was it Paz?  It was Coulson, wasn’t it?  Because I mocked his forms. I’m going to hack their system and block Galaga, I swear to God.   Clint has the three highest scores, but I think he only cares because he enters his initials as ASS.  Which, like, no one is exactly suggesting that’s inaccurate or anything.  Anyway, I just wanted to know when you’d be back.  He was being less than forthcoming.  Was he pissed?”
Steve stared down at the cloth and thought,
Tony raised his eyebrows in question, though Steve could tell there wasn’t any actual surprise there.  Steve assumed they had done some kind of background check on him to make sure he wasn’t a mass-murderer turned stripper or something truly terrible, like a Palin supporter.  Couldn’t be too careful these days.
“Me, too,” Tony acknowledged.
A large white, blue-striped bus pulled up, tires splashing through the sludge that trickled along the edge of the road. A woman with a toddler bundled up in a pink Hello Kitty jacket stepped on first, then Steve, and Tony followed behind him. He felt his phone vibrate in his suit pocket. Rhodey, he assumed. Steve passed by the driver and sat down. Tony moved after him, grinning at Steve's look.
It wasn’t that he hadn’t known this was coming.  As soon as he presented as an Omega, the writing was on the wall, so to speak.  He wasn’t going to get to run the company.  He wasn’t going to finish school.  He wasn’t going to get to do much of anything that didn’t involve taking it up the ass from some Alpha.  That was what he was good for, and his body was going to make that clear to him one day, or so the doctor promised when he patted a sympathetic hand on Tony’s mother’s shoulder.
Tony looked down at the book again, and flipped to the back, just between the end of the index and the author’s page.  His picture was tucked there, just like Tony had found it on his second foray into being a crappy person.  He pulled it out and gazed down at the image again.  God, he really hated that suit, he thought with a frown, gaze focusing on the reflection of his hand on the back of his head that was caught by the silver plate in his mother’s curio, giving the photographer a one-fingered salute.  It was barely noticeable, if you didn’t know what to look for, at least.
“I wouldn’t go that far,” Natasha demurred.  “He’s hot, though,” she shrugged.  Steve huffed out a laugh and shook his head, leaning a bit over the table to crowd his beer between his hands.
He had no idea what to do. All he wanted to do was touch himself, and he couldn’t, that was for Tony, Tony had said, but what was Steve supposed to do? Tony wasn’t even paying attention, so what was the point? If he was putting on a show for Tony, trying to please him, there were things he knew Tony liked, but Tony seemed barely aware of what Steve was doing.  He had no idea how long Tony would be, or when Tony might look up at him,
, Steve’s mind hummed.  It was a nice name.  Some of the names now were so different, but Anthony…he liked how it sounded.  Someone would Bond with Anthony, and soon, most likely, given his age.  Hopefully, someone who would make him happy.  Alphas wanted their Omegas to be happy, right?  Someone like that probably had a line of suitors.  His parents would undoubtedly make sure they found an Alpha who would take care of him.  Someone who would appreciate that spark of spirit Steve could see so clearly in the picture.
“Okay then, I am going to wreck her asshole a bit more, going to have to thank Bruce for whatever genetic modification he accomplished so her cock sucking lips and holes could stretch round both our cocks.”
Thanks Bruce, can you hold her whilst l fit her chastity belt?   Pepper you only have yourself to blame for the discomfort you are going to feel.  If you don’t make a fuss, then l may allow its removal tonight.”
He will kill anyone in his way, apart from elite omegas, he collects those omega’s he thinks worthy and takes them for his own.
Now it is time for you to be cleaned and fed, Natasha will carry out your treatments whilst I prepare omega Peter for his introduction to his new Alpha.”
Loki’s body rippled as he returned to his Asir form, Thor’s large hands on his hips pulling him off the panting omega, impaling him with one thrust onto his thick cock. There was no finesse to Thor’s fucking, just brut force, the heavy weight of his hand pressing down on his shoulder kept him fully impaled as the god’s knot caught on his rim, stretching it wide before forcing its way through.  Rough fingers stroked his cock, dragging over the tender skin, uncaring that what little remaining juice from the breeder’s cunt was not enough to smooth the way.  With a final grunt and thrust Thor’s cock released his seed, knot locking them together.  Loki hissed as Thor dug his nails in to his ball sac, the joint pain as he twisted the piercings near the tip of his cock was enough to make him spurt his cum over his Alpha’s hand.
Smirking at the back of Tony’s head he pressed on his boy’s padded rear, enjoying the hiss of pain and the whimpers as the movement added more pressure on his full bladder.
Both Alphas pulled out before their knots formed, covering Tony’s back and face with cum, leaving him teetering on the edge.
“Excellent progress!  Captain Rogers you may retrieve your boy and take him back to his room, Nurse Mayer has made a few changes to it which I think will be more suitable for your little one.  I will see you in the morning to discuss how we move forward after this breakthrough and to go over the final results of the treatments he has already received.”
Steve pulled back and shot his load all over Pepper’s face and down the front of her dress, before shoving back in and ordering her to clean him up.
Thor nodded to Steve before hauling Tony on to his lap to straddle his cock, holding him still he pushed the tip of his cock into Tony’s tight cunt, the omega cried out at the intrusion frantically seeking his Alpha.  Thor took no notice of the omega’s distress, gripping Tony’s waist he thrust up whilst pushing him down onto his cock.  Tony screamed as the thick length penetrated his tight cunt stretching it wide open, Thor continued to thrust up holding Tony down on his cock with one hand as the other gathered up his slick to lick and suck off his fingers.  Tears streamed down Tony’s face as Thor’s cock ravaged his insides.
There is no time to get Pup back to the Tower, the vet has offered to board him until we get back, he has secure kennels in the basement with high quality security.  Happy will also be along soon to watch over Pup as well.”
Steve was amazed by the sensation of fullness with just two fingers, he was sure he would never want anything larger shoved in his ass but he would give Bucky this tonight. Bucky’s wicked lips sucking on his cock and the jolts of pleasure from his prostrate being continuously touched had him gripping Bucky’s hair forcing his cock down further down his throat as his orgasm exploded and he shouted out his release.
“See Tony, men have big hard cocks and heavy cum filled balls, little boys have small penises and empty soft ball sacs. Only daddy is allowed to play with your boy cock and cunt, if a catch you, touching yourself, or ejaculating you will be punished.
Steve picked up another full glass and steadily fed it to his omega again this time keeping a slow steady pace so that the glass was soon empty, after all Tony still had his Omega porridge to eat before they had their doctor’s appointment later that morning.
He tried to tell himself that the stares and whispers of his onetime friends and colleagues,  did not hurt or cause the deep aching pain within his battered heart, but it was getting harder and harder to deny the bigger his stomach grew.  With each snide comment or glare his soul withered a little more, he wished he could just disappear or curl up and die so that he could escape the heartache he constantly lived with.
Thanos stalked forward, kicking the wounded Alphas out of his path, his eyes fixed firmly on the Sorcerer, so focused on reaching for the Time Stone, he didn’t notice the sudden rush of air behind him until it was too late, Mjolnir smashed into the back of his head sending him to the ground, stunned he had no time to defend himself as Thor bought Odinsword down to sever his head.
Tony sobbed, tears sliding down his cheeks as Steve’s words played over and over again through the speakers, the Italian lullaby his mother used to sing playing softly.
Look how hard your cock is, it has not gone soft since the end of your first stud session, not even during your cock whipping, you are one of those defective alpha’s that gets off on pain.”
“Come along Pepper, lets give you a final check up and then you can have tour of the Centre and maybe have some fun with one of our omega trainees.  These two need to have a full medical and then be prepped for their profile photos.”
“Please Alpha, please milk this pregnant omega cow’s fat udders.”
“Ssstop this Bucky, it’s wrong, you are sick in the head.  I am not am omega, l never was even before the serum, l have always been an alpha.”
The suit’s guntleted hands held his hips still as the metallic cock fucked mechanically in and out of his gaping hole.  Tony howled at the constant pressure on his prostrate, as the hard metal expanded and lengthened filling and stretching him further than ever before.  Gauntlet fingers slipped into his mouth cutting off his loud cries as the suit’s other metal hand clamped over his cock and pussy squeezing tightly.  The vibrator slid free, dropping to the platform floor before rolling towards the edge only to be stopped by a black leather combat boot.
Crouching down he cupped Tony’s face, tilting it so that he was looking straight at him.
Tony reared up to meet Steve’s lips his hands grasping Steve’s shoulders as their lips mashed together in a brutal kiss. Steve swiftly claimed dominance, biting and sucking his lips until Tony relaxed and opened wide, Steve’s tongue invading his mouth in the same hard thrusts as his cock.
“Do you know how long l have wanted to pound your tight hole, your bitch of a mother found you in my chamber when I bought you back from Jotunn and fell in love with you. You were supposed to have been taken and trained from a babe to service your King, but Frigga dam her babied you and spoilt you, turned you into an arrogant prick, bought forth your magic and trained you.
Dormi, dormi, bel bambino,
He could feel his omega’s distress at the forced feeding and deep throating punishment and his worry about gaining weight and not being able to fit into the Iron man armour.
The experience was even more horrible than the previous day, not because of the pain and the knowledge his breasts were going to be bigger, a thing that he never like. It was because he had to watch Darcy for the whole day, knowing that this would end for him but never for her, he would have nightmares about the callous way she was treated when she suddenly went into labour.
“Thank you, Bruce, he is adequate at his job but I want Petey to excel at all the work tasks needed to be my personal assistant and I want them carried out by a completely obedient, submissive sissy omega.
Happy beamed at her, settling beside her on the sofa when he noticed his kneeling cushion had been removed, this was rare and an unexpected reward.  His Alpha was normally a stickler for following the rules she had set, one being that omegas knelt on cushions and did not get to sit on furniture.
Bruce was shocked when Natty’s head shot up after a particularly hard twist of her teats and he had a good look at her face without her hood.  He would recognize those eyes anywhere, and the shape of her nose.  How the hell did he miss that the assassin had been an omega!
His Alpha smiled,
Tony buried his head in the pillows to muffle his screams of frustration sexual and otherwise.  The skin on his back itched and felt tight but the smell of his Alpha’s cum soothed his frazzled nerves making it difficult to stay angry.  His body and mind became heavy, exhaustion finally catching up and he felt his eyes closing sleep finally claiming him.
He placed the bridle in her outstretched hands after ordering her to hold it without moving or dropping it until he fitted it on her head.  Picking up a pair of scissors he started hacking of clumps of her hair, until her head was a covered in patches of hair of differing lengths.
“How long do you think it will take before he truly becomes your bitch?
Loki struggled against his bonds, cursing and screaming insults and threats as Sira injected the ice crystals into the base of his clitoris.At first he only felt a slight chill, even when she pierced the head of his clit and pushed through the ice marble ring, there was only a slight tugging when his torturer let go of the weighted ring.
Steve was busy talking to General Ross, ignoring his tugs on his sleeve.  When he tried to speak, he was told to shush and wait.  Tony knew he shouldn’t but when Daddy let go of his arm, he darted away, rushing towards the bathroom that they had used previously, to desperate to pay heed to Daddy’s call for him to stop and wait.  Thankfully, he made it and rushed into one of the cubicles pulling down his pants and thong, so that he could relieve himself.
Today he was wearing just red stockings with heels, and his black collar. He did not want to think of the beating he had received for trying to cut it off, he hated the dog tag claiming  him as ‘Bucky’s Bitch Omega’.
Releasing Tony’s ankles, he pulled Tony’s legs up and over his shoulders, gripping his hips he raised his omega’s lower body off the bed so that he could swallow down the plumb little cock.  The slightly bitter tasting precum a contrast to the sweet breast milk but a welcome one, holding the stubby thing between his lips he swirled his tongue around the head before fucking it’s tiny  slit with the tip of his tongue.
Retinal scan complete, Steve strode into the therapy suite, scooping Tony up into his arms he quickly made his way back to his baby’s room.  The harsh clinical hospital room had been replaced by a warm comfortable nursery. A large crib replaced the hospital bed, a changing table and chest of drawers off to one side.  By the crib sat a rocking chair a side table next to it with a bottle warmer, a basket with muslins, wipes and creams. Another basket held an array of pacifiers each in their own clear case.  The drawer below hiding away the more adult themed items that would be needed.
Once the huge shower stall and the omega were dry, he had Jarvis open the glass doors.  Stepping inside he hauled the omega up, quickly cuffing him and hooking him to the tiled wall, balanced on the balls of his feet.
Did you know that studies have shown that an omega who fights their orientation, drops harder and is more submissive once they have been broken in by an Alpha mate.  They become extremely hardwired to obey and please and cannot deal with any kind of criticism or disappointment from their Alpha.
Within moments Tony was squirming on his lap as he stroked his cock to fullness, drops of precum leaking for the bulbus head. Tony’s hips thrust forward with each stroke letting out little whimpers as the pleasure built.
Nope that’s it, turn off the feed, I don’t want to see Hulk pissing in her cunt and asshole!”
Hawkeye took great delight in hosing Pepper down with cold water from the car wash, after he had scrubbed her down with soap and a rough sponge. The Manila rope was already tightening as it shrunk from being wet and he could see that Pepper’s tits were swelling and the rope between her legs digging up into her cunt, making her wince as she walked.
“No way, l am an Alpha and CEO, it’s more likely to be me doling out the punishments to those idiots in R&D who are always blowing things up and disrupting the running of the building.”
If you let go or spill any of my special cream we will just have to start the timer again.  Is that clear baby boy?”
Pepper struggled to turn round to face him, having super soldier twins meant the brats were larger than normal babies, thank fuck, there was only a week until she was due to be induced.
“My Omega what do you want you need to ask me properly you need to beg me prettily for what you need and then I will decide if you have been good enough to receive your reward.”
He casually placed his hand on her thigh, rubbing his thumb against the cotton, gradually pushing the material of up to expose more of her smooth skin. She glanced at his hand and then slowly parted her thighs, so that he couldsee the crotch of her white cotton panties.
Bruce grabbed his hair and hauled him onto the chair, forcing his legs over the arms, using thin lengths of rope he quickly secured his legs and then tied his arms up and over the back of the chair. The vibrator in his pussy was thrown to the floor.
Chapter 45
The heated towel placed over his face absorbed the tears flowing down his cheeks and muffled his sobs.  It was stupid to be so upset by the loss of some facial hair, it was just another show of power on his Alpha’s part. But he had worn his van dyke beard since the age of eighteen his first outward show of rebellion on coming of age, even the severe beating he received from Howard had not made him shave it off.
The healers quickly lay him down, placing ancient rune stones on and around his body, tubes were fitted into arms and golden liquid flowed into his veins.   Tony’s legs were spread wide, and his ankles cuffed, this went on for hours, the runes slowly sinking into his body as skin took on a golden hue.
Bruce measured the omega’s cock, five inches resting was large for an omega, even removing two inches would see it harden to an above average size for an omega. A 2inch reduction was the standard for here, but this Stark would need to be cut further so as not to raise suspicions.  The first cut of his scalpel always sent a thrill through his body, especially when it involved unwanted body modification on his patient.
As far as rape/non con in this world/society, as a bonded omega willingly or unwillingly it is not seen as this in the eyes of the law.  It would be if the Alpha just raped and had his way with the omega and did not bond.
The image of Tony Stark totally broke social media and divided opinion around the world.
Chapter 95
It was comforting to relax his throat muscles and swallow down Steve’s thick member, his hands clasped behind his back, knees spread for balance.  He was just a hole for Sir’s cock, his lack of gag reflex made it easier to not panic as he felt the mushroom head pass and his throat fill with the solid length of his member.
“Ms Potts I can assure you of the utmost confidentiality of all our staff at the Mountain Rise Conditioning Centre.  There’s never been any incidents of disclosure of treatment for any of our high profile patients.”
“ How about a hand job while she fucks herself on the gear stick, bitch should be able straddle that easy enough.”
Loki breathed a sigh of relief, there would not be enough time for such a humiliating modification to happen, he couldn’t wait to take on his male form again, have his cock back so he could fuck Tony once more. Dominating the petite bitch gave him a sense of power in his all to powerless world.
Each time he awoke the screens played out his life story, the harsh loud rock music he blared out in his workshop played against the backdrop of his debauched, drunken and drug fuelled teen years.  Tony began to dread the sound of it wishing for the other softer calming music that played during the films and photos of his childhood, they would always end with Steve’s voice telling him what a wonderful little boy he was and to make Daddy Steve happy all he needed to do was let go of his past so that Daddy could help remain a good baby boy and not turn into that horrible nasty bratty teenager who nobody liked or loved.
He was so excited; Steve was taking him to the Premier of the new Disney Film as a treat for being a good boy and getting all his projects finished before they went on holiday.
Steve hauled Tony to his feet and threw him face down onto the table legs dangling of the end, yanking down his omega’s trousers he proceeded to tan Tony’s arse each smack harder than the last and never in the same place.  When his omega’s arse and thighs were cherry red he took up the leash and bought the strap of leather down in a rapid series of criss cross strips over the fleshy red globes.
Bruce was researching the effects of the super soldier serum on Tony and had already surmised it had adapted to his omega biology so that it was enhancing all the physical attributes an omega should have, making him into the perfect mate for his Alpha, Tony suspected that had been part of the original intention of Dr Erskine.  Winter’s bastardised version of the serum did not seem to have this element in it, which meant that the version of the serum he had stolen from Howard the night he killed him and his mother was not the original serum.
“I was talking to Stark,” Bucky jerked his head at Tony.  “Still can’t believe all this is because someone paid
“What do you suppose is so important?” Bucky wondered.
“There was one stuck to the ceiling fan,” Steve said flatly.  Tony shrugged a bit and shimmied further on top of Steve.  He pulled his feet out from beneath Steve’s leg and moved a knee in between Steve’s legs.  Steve raised an eyebrow, but didn’t say anything.  Tony laid his head back down, pillowed on Steve’s chest, bobbing gently up and down with the steady rise and fall of Steve’s breathing.
“Everything’s going to be fine tonight, Tony,” Steve promised in a low, firm voice.  He probably believed it, Tony thought.  “You don’t need to worry.”
“Jeff, he has three kids.  Laura, Benjamin and Toby.  Wife’s Donna.  Jeff’s from Philly, originally.  Loves the Eagles.  Benji wants to play football, but he’s got asthma.  Donna makes him cheesesteaks sometimes, and he tells here they’re just like back home, but they’re not.  He tells her that, though,” Tony said with a slight nod.  “He does floors thirty through forty at the Tower, Monday through Friday.  I have gotten better, Steve.  I have.  It took a while, but I got better.  Not going to say I wasn’t embarrassed.  Before.  If you’d asked me then, I’d have said no.  No classism, no way, not me.  I got my hacky sack and Bob Marley poster to prove it.  But, I didn’t exactly have you over to the country club, did I?” Tony asked with a grimace.  He wiped a hand over his mouth and let his head dip down to his chest for a moment.  “I didn’t mean anything by it.  Me.  I was one of those people who didn’t mean anything by it.  I’m saying, I’m not that person now.  And you are the furthest thing from an embarrassment to me.  I mean that, Steve.”
“I—yes. I speak German,” Steve replied carefully, the switch clicking back into the off position at that, apparently, since whatever had sent Steve into a moment of relaxed giddiness—robots, Tony thought, my 'bots,
“He must be very important to you,” Obie observed.
“I didn’t think you were an asshole,” Steve said after a moment.
“If you belonged to someone else…I didn’t think I’d like that,” Steve said in that same deep, vibrating tone.  The words wisped over Tony’s skin like fire.  It felt like he could feel his nerve endings stretching out and reaching for the bottom of his skin.  His whole body lit up with heat, his skin was too tight, he couldn’t breathe.
The words flowed over him, suffusing his body with a sudden warmth.  It made him think of tumbling onto the pile of laundry Jarvis had just pulled from the dryer and wrapping the clean sheets around him like a second skin.  Comforting.  Settling.  A cocoon that pushed everything else away, made everything better, at least for that moment. He turned his head to look over his shoulder to where Steve remained sitting on the sofa.  With a soft sigh, Tony placed the bowl in the sink and rinsed it out.  He watched the water pour from the faucet for a long moment, then shut it off and looked over his shoulder again.  Nothing.  Though, he supposed no reaction was just as much a reaction as anything.  Sometimes, that was the best you could hope for.
Cap had kept it with him the whole time he was in Europe, knocking out Nazis and fighting Hydra with the Howling Commandos, a history which transformed it from useless Army junk to a valuable collectible to something almost magical because Captain America had held it, used it, talked to HQ on it, called for reinforcements or reported on some new plot the Red Skull had brewing.
“I paid them.  The pancake people,” Tony repeated.  “With money that is mine.”
The drone buzzed downwards, just behind the guy, who had, unfortunately, put on a shirt sometime between his afternoon workout and the evening’s dance practice.  Thankfully, the laundry gods were smiling on Tony because the shirt had to be at least two sizes too small.
“I told you, character witness,” Matt said evenly, as he walked through the door that Steve was holding open.
“No!” Tony said suddenly, reaching up with the hand that had been holding Steve’s hip to bat Steve’s arm from his face.  “Let me see you.  I want to see you when you take my cock.”
“That place is terrible for him. Terrible,” Ana said.  “They are awful to him because he is smarter, and he just wants to help and have friends, but those boys, boys like
Would he even notice when the check cleared his account?  Probably not.  Probably someone like Tony didn’t exactly keep a carefully annotated checkbook ledger accounting for every penny, the way Steve did.  This money meant nothing to Tony.  None of this meant anything to Tony.  It was Steve who couldn’t seem to--to--
“You wanted to look like those Omegas for me, Tony?  They could never be you.  You have no idea.  You’re so beautiful. Alphas would pay anything for a picture of you like this.  Something they could hold and look at and think about.  You.  Like this.  But, this is for me, isn’t it?  Just me,” Steve said, and God, it made Tony feel filthy and dirty and wonderful, made him want to curl up in a ball and hide his face, made him want to beg and plead and rut into the bed.  Tony’s mind was having some sort of network connectivity problem, he decided.
Tony let out a long, low moan as he tried to relax enough to let his body accommodate the alien’s enormous cock.  Just when he thought it wasn’t going to work, the alien’s cock slid past the ring of resistance at his entrance and thrust inside, sinking slowly into Tony’s body until the alien was buried to the hilt.  The alien held himself there, his hands coming up to caress Tony’s hips and thighs that Tony hadn’t even realized had lost their gel covering. Tony felt heat follow the trail of the alien’s hands, followed by disjointed thoughts of pleasure, desire, happiness, relief and longing...longing threading through it all like a dark, twisting vine.
“I’m not going to skip out early,” Tony mumbled.  He wasn’t.  He’d stay the dinner and deal with whatever Howard wanted to try to throw at him with Steve around.  He could do that much for his mom and Jarvis.  Still.  He wasn’t blind to the fact that Steve was giving him a Get Out of Jail Free card to toss on the table if he wanted, and just having that control made something unclench in his stomach.  He could feel a tension he hadn’t known was there slowly seep away, tick by tick, as his heartbeat slowed to match.  “Thank you, though.  For the out.”
“No. Well, yes. Actually, can I wait here, and you go?” Tony said plaintively with a low huff of caustic laughter aimed at himself. God, this was pathetic, sitting out here in the cold while Schrodinger's Ex was up there with all the answers. “I'm...I'm not sure what I am. I don't even know what answers I want to hear. Anything. None. Jesus fucking Christ, Rhodey,” Tony blanked, rubbing both hands over his face vigorously enough to try to scrub the vestiges of immobility off. “This can't be happening. I'm going to wake up. Any minute now. I'm going to wake up and be back at--”
The table went quiet. His own blood pounding in his veins echoed in Steve’s ears like the drums of battle. Steve’s eyes shot to Tony’s face, shock tremoring down his spine. Tony wouldn’t do that, Steve told himself, swallowing thickly. Tony would
“Okay, well, it isn’t like we’ve met any of them, anyway,” Steve said. “It’s a whole new board for the appeal.”
“What are you talking about?” Steve demanded, his voice going high with surprise and confusion.
He was really going to have to take that thing apart. Take it apart into tiny, little pieces. And then melt them. You're going to make a lovely ashtray, Tony silently warned the clock, which responded with dutiful ticking.
Pleasure gathered tight and low as Tony thrust.  His own cock rubbed against Tony’s stomach, coating it with slick.  Tony’s thrusts became haphazard and disjointed. His hands held Steve’s against the bed.  A wet, slavering noise echoed in Steve’s ear.  He barely heard it. He was flying. Flying upwards into the night.  His vision swam.  Dark spots crept in at the edges.  Cold sweat clung to his skin. He felt like he was sinking, sinking down into the mattress, slowly being swallowed up by the world.  It didn’t matter.
“I’ll say,” Steve replied.
“Not true,” Tony objected.
“Why don’t we just walk some of the way back?” Steve suggested.  “Maybe Happy could meet us halfway or something.”
“That’s—that’s really great of you to offer, Tony, but I know how busy you must be, between the company and everything you’re doing for the team.  I can probably find whatever explanations I need from JARVIS though, right?” Steve asked, his brow creasing a bit as his eyebrows drew together in question.
, Steve said a few minutes later.
“Fine, fine, nothing to worry about.  You know Obie. Wants to get his hands dirty when the numbers start coming in,” Howard replied, though there was a tightness to his voice.
The stone steps that hugged the far wall were slightly worn in the center, as if from years of use, Steve saw as he put one foot on the first step.  “Hello!” Steve called out.  Again, there was no response, but the light--the one at the top of the stairs--
You told me, Steve replied.
, he wouldn’t have been able to see what was happening or the shame at not seeing would have kept him paralyzed far longer than it should have, but whatever it was--right or wrong, and he still couldn’t quite decide--his night with Tony had the singular effect of taking the blinders off, and for that, Steve was eternally grateful.
“No!” Steve shouted, the fist he didn’t remember raising coming down to slam on the table hard enough that a spider web of splintery lines rent the wood down the table’s length. Caught between horror at Ross’ words and disbelief at his own actions, Steve stared down at the table, willing the word back into his throat. Or
“The one Bletchley Park kept,” Tony interrupted, voice soft, almost gentle.  Kind, Steve thought, even as his mind stuttered to a halt.  Bletchley.  He’d forgotten about that.  Hadn’t he?  Or, just not thought about it.  He was very good at that, after all.  “Not the…sanitized version the Army had. Bad for publicity what with all those FOIA requests and crap.  And Peggy, God rest her, kept your SHIELD file even more full of patriotic horseshit.  Which tapes?  Christmas, right?  I remember Daniel with the camera that year.  What else?”
“You think he’s going to blame you because you blame you.  It’s not like that, man, I’m telling you,” Rhodey argued. “Maybe he’ll be pissed, but he knows enough about how the military works to get how something like this flies under the radar.  Hell, he’s probably seen his fair share of grift and corruption over there, and all that happens under someone’s nose.”
“Was that ‘Tony!’ for the orphan cannibalism joke or the money thing?  What? Don’t give me that look. I’m just trying to work on our communication skills, Steven,” Tony replied evenly, giving Steve a wide-eyed, innocent look.
“I—ah.  Okay.  That…doesn’t actually explain anything,” Steve replied as he looked around the room, like the answer to why he had been in Tony’s lap, bundled in noting but a towel would suddenly appear from the ether.
“First timers always have this look about them when they come in.  Like they expect to be attacked with a curling iron and diet books any second,” another woman added with a light laugh.  She had crisp, dyed blonde hair swept into a twist and wearing a deep red sequined pantsuit said in a honeyed voice that sounded like a song and put her from somewhere in the South.  There were teardrop shaped diamonds dripping from her ears that matched the larger one at her throat.  It made him think of his mother’s questions about whether Steve had given him any jewelry yet.  “We leave all that nonsense out there with them.  I’m Flannery Jean, by the way. Horrible, I know. Everyone calls me Sugar, probably ironically. That’s Rebecca. Charles, darling, good to see you. How is Dave?  We haven’t seen you since the VA thing last year.”
Behind him, the shower was running, had been running for God knew how long, making the air in the room heavy with moisture, but it still tasted like smoke.  Everything did.  Each breath was coated with an acrid layer of dirt and ash and the melting plastic scent of drywall mixed with carpet fibers into a sludge of cinders.
He wanted to tell him.  In that moment, dear God, he wanted to tell him so badly.  Whatever wall he’d built between Tony and the rest of his life had never seemed thinner for that one, quick breath, scraped down to nearly nothing, Ms. Romanov’s admonitions be damned.
“Sorry,” Tony murmured to Preston Carrington Taylor Howell III and…Dan.  He was just…really, really tired. “Not good company r’now.”
“Did you have snowball fights?” Peggy asked.  “I remember that from my days at Howell, on the rare occasions we got anything other than the usual Welsh drizzle.  It’s raining old women and sticks. That’s what they would say.  Never made a lick of sense, but there you have the Welsh for you.”
“I’m not a hero, Tony,” Steve said.  “I’m not.  Just a man.  You credit me far too much, and yourself far too little. I haven’t done anything that anyone else in my position wouldn’t do,” Steve protested.
“Language,” Steve said, then snapped his mouth shut with an audible click.
“And what would I get if I were still and good for you?” Tony asked before dipping his tongue to circle the hole in Steve’s belly as he kept up the slow, steady rhythm of his hand on Steve’s cock and his hips rocking across the path of Steve’s groin and stomach.
You’ll be a child, he had reminded her.   Then it shall be my life’s work, Captain. My true purpose.  Not this…ruling over ashes, she told him as she handed him the bead.  He believed her. Or, wanted to believe her. He wasn’t sure it mattered which one.
“Will you buy your freedom one day?” Steve asked through a tight voice that seemed to want to wait for his mind to catch up before it let the words out.  Could he do that?  He hadn’t even considered that it was possible, and yet, they spoke of it as a common thing.  Tony had gifted him with more than he knew what to do with.  Was it enough?  He had no idea what Sitwell paid for him, though he couldn’t imagine it would have been much to take him off Rumlow’s hands at that point.  Could he simply save the items Tony gifted him with and one day repay Tony’s coffers for whatever amount was owed?  Was it really that simple?
Back in their chambers, someone had left the candles burning, casting a soft glow over the room.  Food had been set out, but Steve wasn’t hungry, and Tony seemed to have no interest either. Instead, as if by silent agreement, they undressed each other slowly, taking their time.  Steve was excited, as he always was by Tony’s touch, but this time felt different. As if they were sealing a pact, not with blood, but something deeper, and maybe that was exactly what they were doing.
Steve considered it. Tony and Rhodes were both right, really, but the nature of battle was changing. He had seen that with his own eyes. He stared at the cannon and thought for a moment, seeing the battle spread out in his mind as if a painting came to life.
“Sure, sure, we will, we will,” Ty said soothingly. He sat down on the bed next to where Tony was sitting on the floor, then shifted Tony forward and scooted over until he could lean Tony back between his legs.  It was nice, Tony could admit. Ty was stroking his hair, which Ty knew he liked, and he could rest his head against Ty’s knee.  This was good.  Nice. He might actually not hurl if he stayed exactly like this.  Maybe Ty knew what he was doing.  They could hang here a bit, then when Tony felt up to it, they could go.
“Kiss me again,” Steve said.
“No, I mean what happened with the King?” Steve asked.
“When you fuck me?  Yes, Steve.  I like that.  Literally everyone knows I like that, and you know why I know that everyone knows I like that?” Tony demanded.
“Oh, ah, hey,” Steve stammered.  “Got what you asked for and some lunch, if you’re hungry?”
“That’s what’s important,” Steve agreed, nodding at the man, who had already gone back to scrolling through his tablet. He spared one more look at the door to Room Six, then left, without looking back.
Steve looked back down, hoping the King hadn’t noticed, though he seemed far too absorbed in whatever he was doing to pay attention to Steve.  It went on like that, though Steve wasn’t sure how long.  An occasional outburst.  Disconcerted mutterings.  Banging sounds. The grinding of metal on wood.  A whirring noise.  Heavy footfalls across the floor.  The rustle of the fire and sharp taps of the metal being shaped.  Steve’s knees ached where he knelt on the stone, which was probably good, since that might have been the only thing keeping him awake.
“That was not cheating. Technically, that was just using a skill set you didn’t know I had,” Steve protested, but he was smiling at the memory. He would bet that not many people managed to one-up Tony Stark, and he knew himself well enough to know he liked the challenge.
Tony’s thrusts took on a loose, sloppy rhythm, hips juddering almost helplessly against Steve’s mouth as small, sharp cries fell from Tony’s lips like rain warming Steve’s skin.  When Tony’s seed filled his mouth and throat in hot, bitter streams, Steve sucked hard and tried to swallow around Tony’s cock, though some of it seeped out of his lips and down his chin to the bed below.  He coughed and spluttered, but kept sucking, lapping at the mess in his mouth with his tongue until the last of Tony’s spasms subsided.
“Is this before or after you leveled a city block when someone tried to get you to do something you didn’t want to do?” Steve asked, making Tony grin.  God, he did love this man.  Sometimes, so much it almost hurt.  “I saw your picture.  In those files that Fury gave to me.  You weren’t…you weren’t like them.  Those Omegas.  Of course.  But…you were, too.  You were all dressed up in something you hated, made to look a certain way because it was what your parents thought someone like me would want, and you were being offered up, used to get them—well, your Dad, at least—what he wanted.  Money. Power.  All at your expense, with no care for what you wanted or needed.  And the world was fine with it.  Those Omegas in the pictures, at least no one can look at that and say it isn’t what it is, but everything they threw at you, it had a damn stamp of approval on it.  You had no choice.  No way out.  No options.  And you were looking right at the camera, smiling and telling the world to fuck off.”
“Dad donates to his campaign. Well, technically, the company does this super-PAC thing, but same diff,” Tony replied.  “Ellis is fine.”
“If you really think this is the best way,” Steve said.
“Tony,” Steve said softly, pulling back far enough so he could grasp Tony’s arms, pulling him down in front of Steve so they were almost eye level. “I see you and…I don’t want to look at anything else.  You…you’re…look at what you’ve done.  What you have chosen to do.  You have no idea how hard it is…how difficult it has been not to just—“ Steve stopped himself, shaking his head.
“No, no, you’re right, I know, I know. Just trying to think about us, you know? What’s best for us,” Brock replied. Steve felt the bed shift a bit as Brock turned on his side, facing him.  “I know the last year’s been tough, what with the whole investment company trying to get started and your school thing and all that. Thought it’d be easier after the Army, you know?  All those ‘hire a vet’ things. Loan programs, all that bullshit. What a fucking crock. Where are they when you need them, huh?”
There was that moment when the pressure is too much and the water that was a trickle seeping through a crack becomes a flood.  That was what it felt like. Too many emotions pushing through too little space able to deal with it, overwhelming everything in their path.  Tony heard himself make a hiccupping half-sob, almost in startle, then bent over, sucking in a tremulous breath only to find himself wrapped against Steve’s chest with Steve’s face buried in the top his head, telling him it was alright.  And it was.  It was.  Everything was fine, and it was too much.
, someone who would be theirs, be of them, a part of each of them. He had spent his life making things, but he had never created, not really, he thought. This was pure and true and right and
“Might be the only way I get something other than name, rank and serial number out of you,” Tony said.  “Besides.  Golf is basically just physics.  Let’s just say, I like my chances.”
Once the shock had passed, the Stranger’s appearance no longer seemed quite as repulsive as it first had, not that Anto would ever say such a thing.  It had been a long time since Anto looked at his reflection in the still water, but he remembered what he looked like well enough, and if he didn’t, Tyber would remind him.  He knew he was ugly. Big for an Omega, too, almost as big as Tyber, which seemed to anger the clan leader in a way that Anto could never seem to understand. Tyber would say that was because he was slow.  Which, by clan standards, he knew he was, having to make up for not having the Memories the other clan were born with by forcing himself to memorize everything after only being told once. He would never be able to know things, the way the clan did with their Memories, but he tried.  He had gotten fairly good at it over the years, at least to most of the clan, who ignored it when he didn’t know something any clan child would easily know. Tyber was the only one who routinely pointed it out, but he was leader, so Anto supposed he had reason to. A weak clan member meant a greater burden to them all.
One of Tony’s hands was running up and down Steve’s back, fingers splayed wide as the passed over the raised skin there while Tony’s mouth scalded across the worst of the weals, the skin too damaged there for Steve to really feel it, but he knew. He
“I like arguing the point,” Tony replied.
“First, ah.  I guess, first, what do I call you?” Tony asked.  “I mean, seems like we should be on a first name basis, all things considered.”
“So…everyone loves Steve, Steve’s going places, yadda, yadda.  Why’s he dropping trou at some Vegas dive for a few bucks?” Tony prodded.  “A career decision I support, but still.  It’s the roommate, right?  I’m still mentally putting air quotes around roommate, by the way.  You’re not helping.”
“Yeah?” Brock asked, one eyebrow raising in question.
“I shouldn’t have yelled,” Steve called out, turning his head to catch Tony’s eye.  For a second, he froze up, caught doing something wrong, thinking something wrong, and somehow, Steve knew, but then he realized what Steve was talking about.
Happy had the good grace to look abashed.  “Just didn’t want to see him hurt, ya know?  He’s been through so much…and people, they don’t see him, not really.  They see this larger than life persona, Tony Stark, see?  Not really him,” Happy explained.  “Maybe…maybe I was a bit hasty.  I mean, I’ve seen it before, you know?  Not like with you, I mean.  Just with people and him…out for a quick buck, just lookin’ for what they can get from him.  But you…he was so…well, I worried, okay?  Thought maybe it was better to nip this thing in the bud, if you were…well, if you were not what he thought.”
“Um…yes?” Steve said, looking back and forth between Tony and Rhodey in confusion.  “At the club?”
“I sleep just fine,” Steve replied.
Peggy would accuse him of being maudlin, Steve thought with a slight smile.
He couldn’t ask Steve to clarify, not yet, anyway. Steve was off on his latest Hunt for Red October, though when Tony had woken to a cold bed this morning, it had lacked the usual ominous feeling that it might be something he needed to get himself used to.     He waved a hand at the image hovering in front of him and dragged it to the virtual trashcan, giving up on getting any actual work done today.
“Why’s that?” Tony asked as he walked towards the conference room door.
A muscle worked in his jaw.  Steve could count his heartbeats on it.  Slowly, Tony turned to look at him, steely-eyed and straight-backed, gaze boring into Steve like he could see the deep, dark part that celebrated victory at Rumlow’s fate. Could see it and understood it, and clawed open his own chest so that Steve could keep it deep and dark.
There was a weighted pause before JARVIS answered, almost like the AI didn’t want to say. “My scans show you proposed an activity outside of those parameters that involved the two of you six times,” JARVIS finally replied.  “Captain Rogers accepted on each occasion.”
“Yeah?” Steve replied in obvious surprise, though he immediately stepped backwards, using his back to keep the door open and gave Tony enough room to pass by into the small studio apartment. “Okay, well…great. Ah, come on in. It isn’t much, but, here…” he said, moving quickly to shift around a stack of books that were on one end of a metal-framed futon and brushing off the cushion with a few swipes of his hand. Nice hands, Tony noticed, then frowned petulantly. Lucky couch, he thought in annoyance. “Here, have a seat.”
“Whatever it is, the answer is no,” Rhodey said by way of greeting.  “Okay, that’s a bald-faced lie.  The answer is probably yes, but with some serious caveats and reservations, which I’m sure you’ll manage to overcome, so why even bother?  What’s up, Tones?”
“You see?” Tony sighed, his voice shaking slightly as he stepped away and dropped his hand and tore his eyes from Steve.
Not to mention the five-million-dollar pat on the head from France that was currently wrapped in a faded Army t-shirt and tucked in Tony’s dresser drawer.  Steve was twenty-five.
“See?” Cam said.  “They love you.”
Six hours and thirty-five.
“In the meantime, he’s locked in this dreamstate—coma, is what the doctors are calling it for lack of a better word—but the mind isn’t meant to deal with this much altered data being sort of constantly dumped into it,” Bruce said again, though slower this time than when he’d they’d first gotten Tony onto the Quin-Jet. “It’s too much.  The brain is designed to have some downtime, you know, and this constant overload, it’s…he’s…it’s not good, Steve.  Real not good.”
“I…hate him?” Tony said, looking helplessly between Rhodey and Pepper as the young man disappeared into the hallway, where it seemed the entire building had decided to gather.
“I’m sure the experience will be good for him,” Steve replied.
“You have to say that,” Tony protested, looking down at the tabletop.  “You’re Jarvis.”
They slowed their mounts and everyone dismounted. Steve swung his leg over the saddle and to the ground, sucking in a deep breath as he dipped his head, one hand still clinging to the saddle as his muscles adjusted to the new position.  A shadow blocked out the sun, and he turned to find Tony next to him.
“Wow.  Nice,” the man said, drawing his head back and frowning at Steve before shaking his head and giving Steve a lip-biting nod.  “Cinderella, eat your fucking heart out, huh?  Quite the glo-up you got going there.”
“One moment, Sir, and I’ll buzz you through.  Sorry for the delay,” Agent Better To Ask Forgiveness said, turning on his heel and heading for the guard booth.
Zola made his way to an antechamber, the likes of which Steve had never seen.  He forgot the admonition to keep his eyes down and stared in utter amazement at the seemingly random assortment.  He had no idea what he expected to find in the King’s chambers, but this…this was definitely not it.  The room was filled with all manner of contraptions.  Rolls of paper were haphazardly piled on the floor, what looked like a part of a ballista, two wheels of various sizes, and a long table that ran the length of one wall held everything from hammers and awls to finely wrought pincers, the kind goldsmiths used. Pots and jars labeled with words that barely made sense lined a tall cabinet.  Ropes and pulleys hung from the ceiling and walls and connected to the various contraptions that whirred and churned in the room, as if moving of their own accord.  It was almost too much to take in at once.
“You take it,” Steve said, turning towards Tony.  “It’s your birthday.  You do it.”
“Well, certainly, the aquarium is out,” Tony agreed. Steve couldn’t help laughing at that, though he tried to contain it when he caught the maitre’d’s carefully bland expression.  Tony seemed delighted by it all, grinning widely with a look that said he had gotten away with something, and Steve’s mind flashed to a quiet, beautiful house where everyone was polite and no one yelled.
“Jesus,” Steve stammered, bringing his hands up to grasp Tony’s shoulders for support.
This time, Steve kept himself relaxed, remembered to breath and held Tony’s eyes, though he couldn’t help the heated flush that he could feel spreading up his neck and cheeks.  His eyes fluttered and watered, and he swallowed, licking his lips as Tony thrust his finger in and out.  Tony’s other hand found Steve’s cock and started stroking it, long, slow pulls that mimicked the rhythm of his finger. When he added a second finger, the strokes picked up their pace, the grip tightened and Steve’s breaths started coming in short, ragged pants.
miss it.  Art always made me feel something amazing, I don’t know. Like...like I could put something good into the world, I guess. Being here...I was thinking earlier that it makes me wish I had my sketchbook. Not that I could do the real thing much justice, but,” he stopped and shrugged. “Guess there’s something worth it in the trying.”
“Too bad you couldn’t have just taken Thor’s route, announced that the evildoers are defeated and disgraced, grabbed your betrothed and announce that you ‘must declare your love before gods and men before the blood of your enemies dries’ and been done with it,” Bucky said after a heavy pause, a smile in his voice.
Tree, grass, stream, fire, log, which was somehow different from tree because it was on the ground, but also the same as tree and also sometimes the same as branch, which Anto found endlessly frustrating.  There were so many words, it was amazing. Steve seemed surprised that Anto could remember them all, but he had honed his memory from childhood to only be told once, so he wouldn’t be considered so slow compared to the others.
“I know,” Anto replied.  He was almost surprised how steady and sure his voice sounded.  He chanced a quick look at Steve, who was watching him with an intensity that burned warmth into Anto’s chest. He looked at Tyber for a long moment.  “And you will be dead to me, too. After this day, this Omega will not think of you again.”
“I like to live on the edge,” Steve replied with a grin, taking a quick sip.  “Walk under ladders. Swim right after I eat.  Open my umbrella inside.”
“Tony,” Steve said again, reaching out a hand to try to calm him, but Tony batted it away.
“Um-hmm, because you’ve certainly never treated negative attention as foreplay before,” Pepper replied, staring across her desk at him for a long beat, then coughing loudly into her hand around what sounded a lot like ‘Christine Everhart.’   She pushed her chair back and stood up, walking around to lean against the front of the desk next to where Tony sat in one of the chairs.
He reached out a hand and plucked at Steve’s nipple again, still wet from Tony’s mouth.  Steve knew what the thing in Tony’s hand was for, of course, though it didn’t hurt any less for knowing when Tony pinched the clip apart and let its fine, blunt teeth clasp onto the hard point of Steve’s nipple.  Steve hissed and tossed his head back as the pain crested over his body, sending sharp, stabbing pangs of pressure burning down his cock and pulsing at the head.
Steve turned and looked at Dan, who was currently trying to slink out the door, Tony noticed.  Dan held up his hands in front of him, eyes wide and panicked.
“I know you don’t.  I know.  I know, I do.  It’s just you’re here. Why are you here? Why? Why did you come back? Why, if you—if you—” Tony stopped, clamping his mouth shut and letting his eyes shutter for a moment.  “You shouldn’t have come back.”
“I’m trying not to,” Steve and Tony both said at the same time, then looked at each other in startle.
“Well,” Tony began loudly, before Clint could say anything.  “The good news is that they were definitely
“Right. Right. Of course,” Tony said quickly. Because, of course, tomorrow Steve was coming to the Tower with divorce papers in some weird reversal of last time around, when Tony had shown up at their shithole apartment with papers and Jarvis , seething with pain and disbelief, so much damn disbelief, but Steve hadn't even bothered to try to deny he'd taken the money. Hard to do when you're surrounded by your ill-gotten gains, Tony supposed.
“I always do,” Tony replied.
“Well, I suppose that depends on whether you are fine or not, doesn’t it?” Jarvis replied archly.  “It was never easy.  Certainly, not on you, but I suppose I speak for myself now, old man that I am.  Watching you grow up and being forced to face all you did, so young.  I wanted so much more for you.  Wanted to
He pulled out his wallet and took out a ten to pay for the coffee.  His finger briefly touched the folded paper tucked inside, and he paused, squinting up at the Tower in front of him, before tucking his wallet back into his pants’ pocket.
“No, I won’t,” Tony repeated dully, eyes finding some point over Steve’s shoulder.  “But, I’ll try.”
Tony darted a glance up at Steve before letting his gaze fall back to Steve’s chest, tracing a line across it, then, very deliberately, picked up the sponge and scraped the rough edge of the sponge hard against Steve’s right nipple.  Steve’s body jerked, and he let out a hiss of air.  His cock, forgotten in his panic and the discussion of the city’s defenses, stirred to life between his legs again as Tony repeated the action against the other nipple.
“Shellhead, what—” Steve started, but Shellhead just shook his head and closed his eyes, almost as if in pain, before disappearing altogether.  “Hey!” Steve called out. “Where are you going?”
Brock reached up a hand and cupped Steve’s jaw, turning Steve’s face to his.  “I just want us to be happy, that’s all.  And we’re gonna be.  Starting today, right?  Fresh start.  You and me.”
“You’re—you’re doing just fine, Tony,” Steve said in a huff of surprise that sounded a bit like joy mingled with a healthy dose of relief.  “Slow down a little, maybe.  Breathe.”
Steve kept up the rhythm of his fingers, pumping in and out, stretching Tony, feeling him start to loosen and open to the invasion.  With his other hand, Steve reached out and grabbed onto one of Tony’s, prying his fingers from their death-grip on the sheet.  He leaned forward and brought Tony’s hand to his mouth, dusting Tony’s knuckles with his mouth.
“Coulson said you were, maybe, ah…maybe a little worried.  About the MIT thing.  I thought,” Steve stopped, mouth thinning with a frown.  “I thought maybe--maybe you’d be…pleased.  You said something about it, and you’re always on your computer arguing with them when they’re wrong about science,” Steve said, the lines in his forehead deepening until there was a long furrow on top of the bridge of his nose.
“Ha!” Stane barked, pointing the cigar at Howard and raising his eyebrows.  “See? Kid’s got it, Howard, you watch. Want to build an empire, Tony?”
“It’s spring,” Tony pointed out, though Steve just shrugged and pointed the almost empty water bottle down the hall as he closed the refrigerator door.
“Thanks,” Tony said again, glancing at the pad of paper Steve was holding.  Today’s test will be a written exam, it seems.
Up until the past few weeks, anyway.
“You don’t know that,” Tony’s voice, flat and devoid of emotion, sounded from somewhere behind Rhodes.
“It was not your fault,” Steve argued, drawing his head down to lean against the curve of Tony’s cheek. He thought that was true.  He wanted it to be true with a blind, groping desperation.  His fists found the front of Tony’s shirt, pulling him closer.  Steve’s body felt light and heavy at the same time, limbs limp and waxen, as if he was melting, his whole being slipping into some soft, warm place.  He didn’t know why. Relief, maybe.  Something else underneath it, though.  Tony.  Tony was here.  Touching him, holding him, calling him by his endearments, as if he mattered.  He felt more real here than he had in so long, though that made no sense.
“Yes.  Yes, she did.  Or, she thinks she did.  I met her many years ago, when I was very young.  And
.  But, then you’re—you’re
Something more. Something stronger.
“I’m thinking field trip,” Tony announced.  “Want to come?  You can have the window seat on the bus.”
“Well, I love you, too, and that missing transistor I know you noticed—I do pay attention when you talk, you know? Well, that’s about to be a thing!” Steve yelled, one of the rolled up sleeves of his uniform falling down over where he pointed at Tony.  Steve pulled it back up over his elbow, and Tony could swear he could hear Steve's teeth grinding in frustration, but Tony was grinning too much to care.  Tony opened his mouth to say something that probably would've gotten him either kissed or smacked, but before he could do more than draw in a breath, Steve dove at Tony, ninety-pounds of sheer determination knocking Tony to the ground as the Quin-Jet materialized behind them, spraying the platform with bullets.
The alien was watching him with a curious expression, the kind that Happy got when he was trying to play Sudoku.  Like Tony was a puzzle the alien couldn’t quite figure out. The alien reached out and stroked one of his long, smooth fingers across Tony’s jaw, then frowned, and Tony felt a sense of deep, aching loneliness that wasn’t his own threaten to overwhelm him before it was gone as quickly as it came.  In its wake, it seemed to pull whatever tiny fragments of fear or concern had drifted into Tony’s mind with it, leaving only that same tranquility in its place. Tony made a soft humming noise of his own. The alien smiled down at him, wide and beautiful and almost...embarrassed? Was it blushing?  Tony thought it might be, and for some reason, that was such a delightfully human reaction that Tony couldn’t help but grin in return.
Tony threw his hands in the air in a gesture of surrender and started haphazardly helping Steve clean up the mess.  Before long, Steve was batting at Tony’s hand while Tony tried to grab at various things with his chopsticks.  “Would you just…geez, you’re like a twelve year old, I swear,” Steve said in exasperation, undermining his attempt at being stern by grinning widely the whole time.  Carrying everything to the kitchen, he packed it carefully in the refrigerator.   Tony leaned a hip against the kitchen counter, watching him.  Steve set the last container in the fridge and shut the door.   It hit him that the evening had shifted while he was packing away leftovers.  He felt a flutter in his stomach, nervousness mingled with anticipation.  Turning around, he lifted his eyes to Tony’s.
He was trying not to panic, but could feel his heart stuttering in his chest. A year of planning, and it was all going to come tumbling down because he hadn’t been able to shut up about how hot the guy was and Rhodey had, for once, listened to him, the idiot. There had to be some way to keep the guy from talking. Matt had to know some legal crap that would keep the guy from talking---wait.
“Is it your arm hurting?” Tony asked carefully.
Steve stopped his agitated motions and sighed heavily. “I knew I shouldn’t have told you that.”
“I’m certainly trying. He accepts it better than his charge, whose decadences are woefully difficult to discern at times,” Tony remarked, eyes narrowing on Steve as a fond smile tugged at his lips.
The strings of beads danced across his chest and swayed over his nipples, making the peaks harden and rise.  He was thrusting to meet Tony’s hand now, all self-consciousness gone in the pursuit of some sense of release.  A third finger slid into him, stretching him, pulling at his hole and twisting as they plunged deep, brushing against that nub inside him that made his muscles clench and go taut as white stars burst behind his eyes.
No.  He shook his head and put the bar back on the small, plastic soap shelf that was suction-cupped to the shower wall.  He was thinking about filtration systems.  Not the way Steve’s skin would feel with beads of water dotting the ridges of muscle.
Keeping quiet.  Not judging.  Around him, there were various rooms enclosed by large glass panes, some darkened, preventing Tony from seeing what was going on, and what looked like a detonation bunker sat in the far right corner.
Tony started squirming against Steve’s hands and mouth, body contorting, shaking with effort, then stilling, only to repeat the cycle again. He was pushing back against Steve’s mouth, seeking more, mouth hanging open in a silent grimace.  Tony’s cock was full and red, the vein throbbing along the underside as it rammed against the glass, trapped between his stomach and the mirror, leaking long streaks of pre-cum in wide stripes across the glass.  Steve finally tore his eyes away from the sight and kissed the soft skin around Tony’s hole again, then scraped his teeth gently over the rim, just barely catching it.
Tony hated his pull up, it was thinner and less absorbent than his cloth nappies, he knew that if he had an accident there would be know way of hiding it. His bladder was already feeling full after the big bottle of juice Steve had given him before they left, he would need to pee as soon as they arrived, he could only hope that there would be time when they arrived.
Pastel coloured walls, plush carpet and custom nursery furniture, lighting that could be adjusted for any time of the day or night, holograms that could light up the ceiling with displays of the stars at night, of floating clouds and cute animals to keep pups amused or lull them to sleep.  Two comfortable rocking chairs with foot rests and small sofa finished off the room.  The dressing room had been converted into a small kitchen and the bathroom altered to include a bathing area suitable for babies and small children.
“Please Alpha I will be good need your cum don’t want pups to go hungry, sorry so sorry, will do anything you want.”
“Did you enjoy being the communal cum dump this morning, did your pathetic little cock chub up, and your slag cunt squirt?  Better still did you lose control and piss yourself because you are a needy whore of an omega who has no shame and lives only for fat cocks filling their dirty bitch holes.”
It is amusing how Steve flushes and lets off a burst of alpha pheromones when praised, how he straightens up and preens at the mention of Tony being his omega.
Tony wakes up in strange room.
Tony Stark was the most unlike Alpha Steve had ever seen, physically he was short and slim, he knew if he tried his hands would probably span his waist.  He was beautiful, dark chestnut curls, soulful Brown eyes that had the thickest lashes he had ever seen on a man. His lips were full and pouty, he could imagine his cock sliding between them, deep into his throat. His bit was a work or art, a perfect bubble butt encased in form fitting jeans or tailored trousers.  Although small in stature his legs were long, , he could imagine those legs encased in silk stockings, his feet fascinated him, they were small with long delicate toes, his ankles shapely, just made for the delicate straps of stiletto  sandals.
a few insults and name calling.
“That’s it Steve, you are mine now within these walls, Tony is your omega but there are times when we will share him.  Now why don’t you go get ready for the Gala and l will fetch Tony and ensure that he is dressed and ready on time for us to leave.”
Chapter 29
If after five days I have been unable to find a suitable Pack willing to accept him with all his on- going medical issues, he will be made a Ward of Court and placed in an Omega Care Home, until the Courts decide on a suitable match for him.
Once had tucked his cock back in his pants he pushed the silent boy over his knee, pulling the back of the diaper down, splitting his cheeks he started tapping on the base of the exposed butt plug, smirking as the boy began to wriggle and whine each time it brushed against his sweet spot.
Now for the moment he hated, time to get dressed, the outfits in the chest were getting skimpier, and he didn’t think he would get away with not wearing one today, after last night.  But when he returned to the bedroom the chest was gone, in its place a small table, on which was placed a red box tied with a black bow. The black mesh booty shorts and crop top left everything exposed, the knee length platformed boots had him tripping and stumbling until he found his balance.  Tony had always said the trick was to find your centre of gravity and walk with a straight spine on the balls of your feet.
Tony is punished for his bad behaviour.
Steve glared at the other alphas until they all lowered their eyes acquiescing to his decision.  He could see that Clint was still unhappy and no doubt Natasha would probably corner him at some stage to give her view and to negotiate a compromise.  Bruce had no interest sexually in Tony but may want to artificially inseminate him to secure his tie to the Pack Omega.  Hulk was an unknown equation Steve could only imagine the sight of the huge green Alpha fucking the small human omega.
So, my question to the Avengers Pack, is do you care enough about Tony to welcome him in to your Pack and do all of you have the time, patience and love to invest in healing him and getting him to accept and embrace being an Omega?”
Once the pups were born Tony would have little time for rebellion and to ensure this he would breed his omega again as soon as possible.
Steve looked at the excitement and hope on Bruce’s face, it would good to have another doctor taking care of his omega who was part of the pack and not an outsider like the Omega Obstetrician.  He would watch and see how Bruce interacted with his omega and come to a decision as to whether he would be a suitable candidate for a secondary alpha.
“Ahhhhhh   What the fuck Steve!”
Leaning over he kissed Tony’s flushed cheek, running his fingers through his curls before unstrapping and removing the pacifier.
“Be thankful bitch that you are getting one night to settle, tomorrow you are going to be introduced to the boys.”
warmer would be most welcome during long court and council sessions.”
Clint yelped as a knife land between his splayed fingers.  “Well perhaps she would come a close second, have you seen the points on those heels, I am still trying to figure out how she even walks in them.”
How much larger can you get his balls to grow, without endangering the strength of the cord?”
Tony is definitely not enjoying the Gala
“Captain Rogers as you know the covert investigation into Hydra and the opponents of the new Omega Laws you and Alpha Winters have been involved in has rooted out certain mid level perpetrators, but now we need to go after the higher levels and to do that you need access to the higher echelons of government.  I understand that through the Elite Alpha Club, you have access to all of high society so you can continue your investigation at that level.
Today he would finally be rid of Hulk, there would be no more angry green rage monster, he would once again be his own person and finally able to live his life and bond with his omega once found.  He had been persuaded by Prof Hulk to retain, increased healing, longevity and a 20% increase in strength.  He had signed off on his counterpart and Prof Hulk doing as they wanted with his Hulk’s genetic code, he may in future delve into their research but for now he just wanted to be rid of the monster.
The delicious feeling of being stretched and filled to the limit sending waves of heat burning through his body as his holes clenched and spasmed holding his Alphas forearms in a vice like grip.
“Well it’s a good job that I am the boss and can do what I want.”
“That’s it Stark, always knew you were a wimp, a cry baby.  Oh, does the poor little baby want his daddy?  Sick little, fucker, just wait until the press get hold of this story.  ‘Captain America fucks his baby boy Stark!’, aww don’t cry, does baby want his dummy?
Chapter 7
Chapter 91
When he protested he was reminded that as an omega he was under the governance of his Alpha and with the new laws just passed omega’s were to be protected and bonded immediately they were of age due to their diminished numbers.  Steve had told him not to stress, the laws were temporary and would be reviewed in 5 years and repealed once the omega birth rate had increased.  But for now he had to play his part and behave as was expected of him, as a high profile bonded omega.
“Now let’s get all this paperwork signed and then I am going to feed you this last piece of cake I saved especially for you.”
They had managed to cover up the diagnosis to the general public and  the SI board of directors, Bruce and Dr Cho advising Ms Potts to make a statement that Stark had been placed in a medically induced coma to relieve the stress on his body whilst recovering and once he was stable would be then placed in Dr Cho’s Cradle to facilitate the enhanced healing of his remaining injuries.
Steve lifted his omega and dropped him on to his cock, one strong arm holding him in place whilst he continued to play with Tony’s dripping pussy and clit.  His omega was gripping onto his arm as he was bounced up and down, his tits jiggling with each thrust.
Lowering his head, he licked along the small length of Tony’s cock before swallowing it down along with his ball sac, even when it partially hardened up both together didn’t even make mouthful.  Grazing his teeth along the soft flesh he felt Tony’s hips jerk up and his hole clench round hit forearm, the tiny dribble of pre cum on to his tongue tasting sweet as honey.  Opening his buried fist, he scraped his nails across his omega’s nub and down the heated walls of his channel as he withdrew his arm.
(See the end of the chapter for
The meeting is nearing its end the lust and alpha pheromones are swirling thickly throughout the room Steve knows he needs to finish things now before there is change of one of the other alphas going feral and trying to get at his omega.
“Greeting All Father,  I would talk to you of a spell that I suspect has been cast over Loki to stop him conceiving, he should be heavy with child by now but whenever I address this matter with him, he just smirks and says ‘ if the gods wish for me to be with child it will happen’.
You are a natural darling, after all the traumas you have suffered , it is amazing how you still are open to every new experience and how you have embraced the essence of being an omega.
“Anthony Edward Stark Rogers! What do you think you are doing? Such a naughty boy.  You have scared your poor daddy sick by wondering off, how could you do such a thing?  I hope that you are thoroughly ashamed of yourself for being such a bad baby. I am very disappointed in you.”
Twisting he grabbed the Captain, managing to head butt him, allowing him to get his hands up and around his damaged throat. He gasped as he felt a knife scrape against his side, fortunately his uniform stopped it from going in deep.  He could see the fury in the Captains eyes at the loss of his omega as he watched Tony be sucked through the Portal. Suddenly the Captain went ridged above him, a scream tearing from his damaged through as his body began to convulse.
Tony shivers as they stop in from of a stall, the omega is naked and completely devoid of all hair, her breasts are huge, the thick nipples at least three inches long being squeezed by the milking cups. The flow of thick creamy milk is steady, he can see that she is heavily pregnant, and both her cunt and ass hole are being fucked but large metal dildos.
He watched her face as she noticed the shift in her scent and her body’s reaction to his knot finally filling her pussy.  He could feel the moment her cunt tightened and shrunk, making it agony for his cock to be invading her dry beta hole.  Pain and anger filled her eyes as she beat against his shoulders, screaming out cursing her fate.
Darcy hated having to help but knew she would be severely punished for any disobedience, Lady Sophia was about to face the same fate as she had, stripped of all independence and bound fully to her Alpha with no legal way to fight or show that she had been drugged and coerced into giving up her freedom.
Ahhhhhhhh faster now, take me all in, I am going to knot your face and you are going to be silent and take it like a good little omega whore.”
Now I will do the scan before finishing off with his internal examination.  Knowing the number of pups will be a deciding factor in how preparations for  his delivery will proceed.”
Steve meets with Tony's Doctor and Nurse.
Betty Blue's Birthday
Wrapping him in a warm fluffy towel before laying him on the changing unit he quickly dried him off before spreading his legs wide and placing a small cushion under his behind. Coating the medium size butt plug with a good amount of lube he pushed it with ease up into Tony still loose hole, smiling as his baby gave a soft moan when it brushed against his sweet spot.  Making sure the base of the plug was settled tight against the ring of muscles he tapped on a clean diaper and once again dressed him in the soft cloud pyjamas and thick fluffy socks.  Satisfied he carried him back to bed tucking him with the soft blue blanket he had bought to replace the standard hospital ones used at the Centre.
Bucky squeezed Tony’s breasts smiling at the omega’s sleepy whimper of pain, he could not wait to see what size they would end up being, his cock stirred at the thought of marking big fat tits with his cum, maybe he could get Steve to pierce them eventually.  The other piercings he had in mind could wait until the pups were born.
Bruce ran his hands over Peppers naked body, she was beautiful and had she been an omega would have been perfect for him, but at least he could make use of her as a test subject.
The Winter Wolf howled as his cum exploded into his breeder, covering her arched back he sank his teeth into the swollen bonding glands. His incisors released the bonding serum as he sucked and worried at the tasty morsel until he could taste only blood. Grabbing hold of his mate’s neck he turned it until he could sink his teeth into the secondary gland, pumping another load of cum deep into his mate’s stomach.  He licked each wound until they began to heal and close, now he could concentrate on placing his bite on his mate’s shoulder for all to see and know that his bitch was not to be mounted by anyone else.
Happy hauled Pepper into the bathroom and pushed her under the shower.
Tony’s tongue darts out and starts to lap at Steve’s sticky fingers, sucking each digit into his mouth laving them clean with his tongue as if giving individual blow jobs to each finger.
“Shhh Pepper just lay still, l need to take an internal temperature reading and this is the easiest way as a don’t have my digital thermometer with me.
Now stand still whilst I hide away your pretty, little cock, this sound is the next size in your set and this cock cage will keep you soft and needy until tonight. So that you don’t drive me crazy with the scent of your slick, I am going to use one of the largest plugs and you are going to be a good-boy and hold it in until I remove it.  If you start leaking you will have to alert me so that I can get the next size plug ready for you.”
Winter worked his finger deeper, Tony’s natural juices easing the way as omega instincts took over and his body opened up to his Alpha’s touch, soon his wanton moans filled the room as hard metal fingers scissored his cunt open, the tight walls clenching around the intrusive digits.
Bruce was eager to get back to earth, everyone on earth was going to be shocked and surprised that the healers and sorcerers on Asgard had successfully found a way to separate him from Hulk and give Hulk his own body.  Finally, he was free to pursue his own research and experiments without worry that the Hulk would make an unexpected appearance, or he be need to transform as an Avenger.
Tony swallowed down two loads of cum before Steve withdrew, but his Alpha was not finished with his punishment. A large bottle of shake appeared before his mouth, but instead of the usual straw the top had a thick rubber nipple attached.  Opening his mouth to protest at this latest development he realised his error when the teat was quickly pushed passed his open lips.  Shaking his head, he refused to suck, there was no way he was going to be reduced to drinking from what looked like a large baby bottle.
Chapter 32.
Captain Rogers please can you escort your Pet onto the dais and secure him, then you can bring in the Stud.”
“Oh dear, times up Loki, spread your thighs and hold your belly up. Count off each one, or we start again.
Frigga’s spell ran deep and complicated, it took some time for him to unravel all the components and nullify the spell.  Once done he wove a new spell, one that could never be removed, Thor would have his breeder and his offspring would rule over Asgard, keeping everything in the family and if he added a few unpleasant surprises for Loki then it would teach the upstart omega never to cross Odin again. He would deal with Frigga’s meddling once Thor had departed, it was time to curb his wife’s influence over her children.
“Sweetie you are so beautiful, there is no need to hide from me, I am your Alpha and soon you will be my bonded mate.  The physical changes your body is going through are perfectly normal for an omega.”
I will allow you to adapt one suit to fit your new frame, but it will be coded to me and you will only be allowed to use it in the event of a global threat or to protect our children.
Tony had remained quiet and compliant throughout his only reaction was a small hiss of pain as his cock was pulled back tightly against perineum as the hook engaged and the plug once again inflated to its largest size.
“Master Sira how long will it take for this to happen, is there any way to shorten the length of time it will take, she is due to give birth in two moons and will transform back to her male Asir form until impregnated again.”
Sometime later he was jolted awake as Steve stood up, the motion making him sink further onto his cock, it was them he became fully aware of the swollen mound at the base.
I have managed to temporarily brake programming,
The details of the meeting of the Elite Alpha Club.
Peter had been stunned that Dr Banner had managed to find a way of neutralising his spider powers, shocked as well when he was told that Ms Potts wanted him as her secondary omega and personal assistant at Stark Industries.
****************************************************************
Steve couldn’t help but smile at the way Tony’s bottom lip stuck out in an adorable pout as he finished his rant.  It was difficult to take the young Omega seriously when he was sporting massive bed-head and swamped by pillows and blankets in the large hospital bed, Steve desperately tried not to think about the fact that he was naked underneath all those soft blankets.
Tony’s neck was on fire, there was nothing but pain as the Captain’s fangs ripped through Steve’s mark. Within minutes he felt the brush of his Alpha in his mind.
“Bitch, know your place, on your knees, suck my cock!”
As his secondary Alpha, you are going to be responsible for his care and discipline when I am not here, you can help with any training when needed, for now until you bond fully with him I am in control of what happens sexually with Tony, you will be able to fuck his mouth and asshole but not his pussy, you can finger and fist him under my direction.  When I am not with you both, you can order him to suck your cock and you can play with him but no fucking. I will not tolerate anything that will endanger my pups so you will need to refrain from some of the more harsher punishment that you enjoy giving and you must always be aware of the arc reactor in anything you do with Tony."
Now I must plough  my omega so that she can heal and be fit to breed again by the next full moon. In one week we will return to Asgard to present the pup to Odin and to have the healers carry out the modifications to  Loki’s genitals that l have decided on.
Being fast tracked through the educational system means he has never been able to make friends of his own age as a child and develop the correct social awareness to judge if his interactions with others is acceptable, so finds himself often at loss as to why people get offended or upset by his words or actions.
His eyes closed his body heavy and lethargic, lost in a haze of omega pheromones physically and mentally tired he cuddled into the warmth of the other omegas drifting away into a deep sleep.
Sira admired Banner, he shared her belief that omegas were inferior creatures, whose only uses were for fucking, and breeding.  His recent discoveries in omega testing and presentation were fascinating and she was planning to ask him to adapt his finding to other races, especially Jotun and Aesir.
“Please let me out, l, want to see Steve, he has to listen to me, l really, need him to make everything better.”
Rolling onto his side he pulled him tight against his chest wrapping his arms and legs round the small shuddering body, reaching down he traced over the rings holding Tony’s cock and balls, he could feel the warmth of the tendrils of magic woven into the metal. The temptation to remove the rings constantly flittered across his mind but given that it was a one off irreversible spell, he knew it was better saved for a far more serious occasion.
Finally, he managed to get back up on his hands and knees, wobbling slightly as he looked round the room for the door.  It was only then that he realised the walls were all smooth between the large screens, there was no sign of any exit, no handle or keypad nothing that would signify a way out.  After a tortuously slow crawling circuit of the perimeter of the room he slumped in to one of the corners, teeth worrying the teat of the pacifier secured in his mouth.  The squelch of his diaper as his bottom met the carpet made him whine in discomfort, as the wetness soaked his skin. The warmth of the room bought the smell of urine quickly to his nose, the gurgling of his stomach alerted him to his hunger.
Fuck! Why did Steve have to initiate a full Alpha bond with the kind of life they led, it was ridiculous given the amount of emergency missions and villains that cropped up.
Dr Cho exited the room glad that Dr Banner would be dealing with the two Super Soldier Alphas, as a Beta they made her feel extremely uncomfortable with their laser like stares.  She knew that her work with the Cradle was exemplary, but it unnerved her to be the subject of their whole attention.
Steve was not please when he returned from the kitchen bowl of ice in hand to see Tony passed out, Bucky still tied by his knot was sucking up bruises along their omega’s neck as he continued to shoot copious amounts of cum in to Tony’s fucked out hole.
Unfortunately, the poor lab technicians had not stood a chance against a feral 250 lb Canadian Timber Wolf.  Months of intensive brutal trading followed, the shock collar a permanent fixture round the Wolf pet’s neck and used frequently.  Eventually the Winter Soldier and the Winter wolf developed a rapport and the missions both made an appearance always ended in a bloody and high death count.
Don’t look smug Milky Brat, on Asgard omegas don’t need to be in heat to be impregnated, and that Stud has never once failed to breed a cow on the first go, and every time multiple calves.
Bruce took his time examining her whole body for bruising and other marks, noting each one down, and taking photos much to Pepper’s annoyance.  He deliberately manipulated her breasts and nipples until she was panting, her legs trembling as he examined her sex and rubbing her clitoris until she mewled and squirted over his fingers.
This reality was so much better, he had his true omega, and no one could take him away, he wanted everyone to see his perfect mate and be filled with envy and lust.
Standing still when he reached the floor he waited for Steve, palm open offering up his leash in readiness for his Alpha.  Steve took the offered leash and led him to a raised dias, settling him on his knees with his hands clasped behind his back head lowered to his chest.
“Captain, how do you feel about your husband’s experimentation on himself and the resultant change in his physical appearance?”
Days later when he was sobbing at his naked reflection in the mirror, Steve would remind him that this is what he had asked for, as his barbed cock and knot locked into Tony’s drenched cunt.
“I suppose I should be grateful that you have bothered to inform me beforehand, but I am fucking pissed off that you have taken the decision away from me, this is my life that is on the line, my pups that could be left being raised by you two stupid knot heads without their momma, and yes I know that it is for the best and that even with the low level of serum you have passed on to me I am still at risk of heart failure, 45 seconds and I would be dead if the reactor failed.
Steve need to arrange for the Iron Man armours to be dismantled and destroyed. Rhodes would be allowed to keep the War Machine armour and Tony would be responsible for maintenance and upgrades but under strict supervision.  Perhaps depending on Rhodes reaction to the omega he would ask him to replace Iron Man on the Avengers rota.  Jarvis was another matter that needed to be dealt with, Pepper had used her override to place him on Standby mode until Bruce could reprogram his prime directive.   Steve picked up his phone and called Bruce already irritated that he couldn’t just order Jarvis to connect him.
Winter watched the proceeding from his suite, nodding in approval that the pack had finally scented the omega, Alpha Rogers had thankfully managed to reign in his possessiveness of the omega for the pack bonding.  Thor had shown his true self by fucking the omega, it was a clear signal to Alpha Rogers that if he wanted, he could take over the pack.
Steve watched as Tony paced up and down getting more and more wound up, his little omega looked so cute and sexy, eyes sparkling, cheeks flushed, his lounge pants hanging off his hips, showing his burgeoning belly roll and outlining his soft little cock.
“Steve I w..want to try to be your b..baby, Dr Gottlieb I agree to any treatment you and my husband deem necessary.”
“I am certain that when we meet with the Judge in a month’s time he will confirm that the Conservatorship should be made permanent and that the transference of all Company and Personal Assets will be given the green light.
He didn’t mean to do it, or he didn’t think it through, at least.  It was all mixed up in his head.  He was happy, so effusively happy that he was light-headed with it, and that was all wrapped up in Steve and how it made him feel to be with Steve.
He was halfway across the driveway to the cabin when his phone buzzed from inside his pocket.  He pulled it out with a rush of sudden panic spiking through his heart.  The picture of Supernanny looking judgmentally at him from behind her spectacles popped on the screen.  Ah. Agent Agent.
“Alpha,” Steve rasped again, voice thready and desperate with need.
“I like it,” Tony said, looking at Steve strangely for a moment.  It made something seize up in Steve’s chest, like if he breathed, the moment would slip away.  “I like it a lot.”  He walked over and put the piece of paper down on the dresser, though, Steve noticed, he did it with care, holding it by the edges as he leaned it against the mirror, one finger tracing over the blue flowers that burst from the center.  Tony picked up his phone and watch, slung the latter onto his wrist, and then typed something on his phone before pocketing it.  Steve felt his own phone vibrate in his jacket pocket and pulled it out.  There was a message from Tony.  He shot Tony a confused look.
Steve was quiet for a long moment, looking down at this plate with his hands still held under the table, brows drawn together, though not in a frown, just like he was considering something very carefully, possibly the remaining pizza for all Tony knew.
Steve sank onto the edge of the bed, feeling the soft mattress give underneath him as he did and stared at the rest of the room, filled with all the things Tony had given him. He is building a home where there is nothing of him, Steve realized with a sudden burst of pain. There is none of him here. Was it because he had not let Tony in? He wasn’t sure, but he could see it now, the way Tony helped him build his walls, would give him that if it meant Steve would come to him when he had need of him and would allow that to be enough. Steve had once assured Tony that he was everything, but he had never let him be anything for him, not really, holding in abeyance the parts of himself Tony wanted most. He had kept Tony, who offered all of himself that there was to give, at arms’ length until he almost could no longer reach him.
“He needs you,” Conference Room Steve said with a pointed insistence.  “He’s been waiting.”
“I’m not that person you painted. I’m not, Steve. I don’t know how to be that,” Tony objected.  “I’ll screw it up,” Tony warned, rolling his hands into fists and bracing them on the workstation.  He let his head dip down to his chest, then turned his neck to look at Steve.  “I always do.”
“Now,” Tony began.  “If this is your first time with the fondue, I should warn you that it can take a few times before you really get the hang of—“
“My world is far from here.  A beautiful place,” the alien started, his shoulders slumping a bit.  He walked over to the large, curved window that looked out into space and stared out.  In Tony’s mind, he saw hills of pale blue stalks barely ankle-high that blew in a wind, large, round trees that looked more like gumdrops, and a sea of white that looked almost like snow, but moved in waves. “Or, it was.  The Accusers destroyed it after we refused to bow to the Kree. We fought for a long time, my people did,” he stopped, looking down at his hands, which he opened and closed once, then settled them into fists before turning around and facing Tony again.  “They made me to be better. Better able to fight the Kree. I was to be the first of many. But, somehow, the Supreme Intelligence learned of this, and sent the Accusers. I was leading a mission to the Kree stronghold to obtain the Star-Cube when it happened.  My helpmate was with me, but he was killed in our escape. When I returned, there was nothing left of our world.”
“Tony made popcorn,” Nat supplied helpfully, patting Steve’s shoulder.
“Honestly, is that really less embarrassing than having to be pulled out of a chimney because you were playing hide-and-seek?” Tony asked, squinching up his face. “At nineteen.”
miss Tony.  And this was only the beginning.  A life without Tony seemed impossibly bleak and empty, yet that was what he was willing to risk everything to have it.  Finally giving up on his appetite, Steve got up and disrobed. There was a basin of fresh water on a stand next to a stack of cotton cloths, which he used to clean himself.  He wrapped one of the lighter robes around himself, grabbed Tony’s philosophy book, and went back to the Lord’s chamber to wait for Tony.
Peggy placed the robot down on the studio floor again and pushed the button on its side, making the sparks fly.  The camera slowly zoomed in, until it was just the two of them and Maria’s high-heeled shoes that soon clicked out of frame.  In the background, Steve could hear Howard welcoming people to the Expo in a practiced, dulcet tone, occasionally intercut with an expletive and a comment from Stane or Maria or the harried employee trying frantically to keep up with whatever changes to the script Howard was demanding.  Tony was holding the action figure out in front of him, walking it back and forth, not saying anything, just playing, as if everything was fine, but his shoulders were hunched and the familiar, animated eagerness of a few minutes ago was wiped completely clear.
Thank you to everyone who has read, commented and left a kudos on this fic. I really, really appreciate it.
Steve gave him a little half-smile, nodded, and turned to go, walking briskly down the sidewalk.  Tony watched him until he reached the corner, because he could, because it was okay now if he wanted to openly stare, and sure enough, Steve turned around long enough to catch Tony’s gaze and gave a quick wave before he rounded the corner.
“So we were eating out of date pickles with our condiment soup and warm beer?  Seriously, how did we not die?” Tony chortled at the memory.
Years of thinking about the ‘bots, the code, the idea of them, months of working on them, and here he was, celebrating success by wiping slick out of his ass because all his stupid brain could think about was how good it would feel if it were Steve’s hands, strong and wide, long, blunted fingers, sliding over him, between him, inside him, filling him.
“Just taking an elevator ride,” Coulson replied with a serene smile.
--was slipping away into a dark blankness, but there was a moment of
As usual, Steve woke first, so made his way to the bathroom and turned on the shower to let the water warm.  The shower felt good, and unlike their place back in the city, he didn’t have to rush through the shower before the water went cold.  Wrapping a towel around his waist, he went back into the bedroom and set the miniature coffeepot to brew, then shook Brock awake.
It made no sense.  There was literally no reason for Steve to give two shits about anything Tony thought, except that Steve
Steve had cut some kind of grooves into the bone in a pattern not too different from the one he had used on the basket. A series of lines that formed sharp edges, like teeth, and at the center, a lion sprang across the length of bone, almost like it could leap right off.  Anto had never seen anything like it. He studied it a long moment, turning it over and over in his hand. However he held it, the lion seemed to be looking at him. He lifted it up above his head, then held it down at his knees. Still, the lion watched him. It was disconcerting. It was wonderful.  Beautiful, amazing, incredible, Anto didn’t have words to describe it. Steve was baring his teeth again, clearly pleased.
“This is good, thank you,” Steve said.  “I was hungrier than I realized.”
,” Tony answered, the words coming out thick and sluggish with sleep.  “You’re warm.”  Tony shifted slightly as Steve settled back down and buried his head into Steve’s side, one hand splayed over Steve’s stomach.  He snuggled in closer and rubbed his fingers lightly over the planes of Steve’s stomach.
“Y—yes,” Cam said, reaching out to pluck the silver coin from the King’s hand, while Steve dropped his eyes to the floor so the King wouldn’t see his expression.  Was it possible that the King truly did not know about Stane and his…preferences?  Or was this some obfuscation meant to gloss over the behaviors of a Lord that everyone accepted, but no one wanted to see acknowledged?
“You rolled a giant papier-mache orange that played the Russian national anthem in chipmunk voice onto the green and then had it explode in a cloud of rainbow glitter as soon as the motorcade got to the intersection,” Rhode said evenly.
“Filled with bliss is a good look on you,” Tony observed, pulling his head back to take Steve in.  He laughed then, a lilting, musical sound that Steve loved, though Tony didn’t laugh as much as he should.  He told Tony that, which had the effect of making Tony stop, which was not what Steve wanted, but then Tony was kissing him again, slow and deep, driving all other thoughts from Steve’s mind.
The alien’s hands rubbed at Tony’s swollen belly.  He was huge now. Tony could feel them, moving around inside him as he floated in the gel.
“He’s not serious,” Steve objected.  “Tony, stop.  Just.  No.  You can’t keep throwing money around like--this is insane.  He’s not…he’s not serious.”
Tony took a deep breath, tamped down on the urge to roll his eyes, and looked over at Barnes.
“No, no, it’s late.  I shouldn’t have called.  It’s fine.  I’ll call you tomorrow, okay?” Steve said.
“Doubt I can with Ross blacklisting me, but I think about it. Sometimes.  Feels like I should be doing more, you know?” Steve said.
“You misunderstood,” Tony said smoothly, head shaking as he reached out to run his hand through Steve’s hair, stroking the nearly dry strands into place.  “Or Zola sought to frighten you into good behavior. Clearly not knowing that is rather as good as trying to cajole a lion to compromise by tossing stones at it,” Tony huffed with an apologetic look at Steve.
In the mirror, Tony watched Steve’s face flush a bit as he smoothed his hands over the jacket, but he seemed relieved.  Pleased, even.  Right.  This was…Tony was supposed to care about this.  It was almost annoying that he actually did care and even started to enjoy himself, at least once he paid attention.   It turned out to be impossible to maintain a clinical cynicism in the face of My Fair Alpha over there, looking ridiculously good in everything.
Tony shrugged the shirt off and folded it back up into a neat square.  He would have said he meant to give it back to Steve later, because there was food now, and so he’d just return it some other time, but shoving it in the back of his drawer underneath a row of Black Sabbath and AC/DC shirts he wasn’t supposed to own probably took the proverbial wind out of the sails of give-back-the-shirt plan.
“So, it worked, I guess.  I mean, obviously, so that’s…that’s good, right,” Steve said. “Whatever happened, it got Tony out of his dream, so…that’s all that matters.”
.  He’ll love it.  And who else do you draw?” Tony asked after the laughter cleared from his face.  There was curiosity in his tone, but a subtle tightness lacing the words as well, as if he did not like his own question.
“Right,” Rhodey replied, raising his eyebrows at the awkwardness and giving Tony a look over Steve’s back.  What happened, he mouthed at Tony.  Tony just shook his head.  He didn’t really know how to answer that, except Steve was trying his best to push him away, and Tony was clinging to old letters and bits of circuitry like lifelines.
“Did you get the memo I sent over?” Tony asked. “It was on letterhead.”
“I would, at that,” Tony admitted, voice lighter with a wry sort of amusement, eyes crinkling at the corners before his face smoothed and stilled. “I would follow you anywhere.”
**************************************************************************************************************************************************
Steve did.  His vision whited out, bright as the sun, then shuttered and darkened as his hips jerked into the circle of his hand.  He cried out and doubled over, managing to get his other hand out in front of him to brace himself against the mat as he thrust, spending the last of himself as Tony watched.
“But, you said, tomorrow--” Steve started.
“Too forward?” Tony asked, pulling a confused face.
“Tony, this is…this is crazy, you know that, right?” Steve said.  “You can’t…buy a building and stay in some terrible apartment just to…”
“I’m not really someone you bench, Tony,” Steve replied with a wry twist to his mouth.  “I kinda like their solution, anyway,” he finished, voice going soft and almost unsure.
“Mine,” Tony ground out. He crawled over and picked up the cybernetic interface from the bedside table, then watched with almost detached fascination as the armor assembled itself by the bed, standing sentry. Tony pointed at Steve. “Mine,” he repeated. The armor seemed to understand the one word Tony was capable of uttering at the moment. Good. That was good, he thought, and felt a little bit of the tension leave him.
. He knew a double entendre when he heard it, clumsy as that attempt may have been.  Not that Tony didn’t say things like that from time to time. He liked to shock Steve, or try to, particularly early on, when Tony seemed to want to constantly see if he could get a rise out of Steve.
Steve felt his stomach turn.
“Yeah,” Tony admitted.  “When your drunk neighbor let me in your apartment.”
Cam couldn’t stop smiling and kept glancing expectantly at Steve, though Steve’s own thoughts were in far too much turmoil to allow for the kind of affirmation that Cam seemed to want so very badly from him.  If I leave him, what will it do, now that he has all but declared his affection before his people, Steve wondered with a sick feeling churning in his stomach.  He will look the fool.  Again, apparently, if Kadina’s insinuations about the situation with Lord Stone were to be believed.  A gift for his enemies at Court, no doubt, whoever they were, who would seek to carve weakness from Tony’s heart, when it is his greatest strength.  Steve sighed and looked down at the flower clasped between his fingers, idly twirling the stem so the star-points of the petals spun into a white blur.  A star, Steve thought again, and felt something unlock in the back of his mind, sending his tumultuous thoughts elsewhere for the time being.
Maybe it hurt more this time because the anger that had scorched through everything in its path the first time was hard to muster now, with Steve standing here in this tiny space he'd carved out, with a hand that couldn't draw, working some dead-ended job pushing another cart of cleaning supplies down some other half-assed, hallowed hall full of people who didn't see him.
.  Safe from the rain of deadly arrows and mortars that flew from above.  It was amazing.  He had never seen anything like it, never thought of anything like it, and yet he could see at once the advantage.
There should be shock.  Surprise.  Reprobation. Something.  But, there was nothing.  Just silence.  He hated them all a little then, even Peggy, who should have known what she was seeing.  Should have known what she was seeing.  Hell of a thing to hold against someone, Rogers, Steve thought bitterly.  Steve swallowed, throat clicking around something heavy sticking there, and watched the camera jostle as someone loudly and pointedly cleared their throat.  Daniel.  He had almost forgotten him.
Maybe it was too wonderful to contemplate, too. Two sides of the same coin. Head's, Steve didn't take the money and they'd screwed themselves out of ten years. Tails, Steve didn't take the money, and God, they could have this again, this everything. This
“Funny.   You’re funny.  You’re a fucking troll is what you are, Rogers.  Anyone ever tell you that?” Tony demanded, then was hit by another round of coughing.  Steve reached over and grabbed the cup of water, this time putting a straw in it and handed it to Tony.
“I'm sorry, Tony,” Steve said quietly, with a hint of strain that made Tony's spine tingle. Of course, Steve was sorry. Sorry to have to do this. They always were. Everyone was so very sorry when Tony fucked up and needed to be corrected. So very, very sorry. Forgive me Father, for I have fucked up, Tony repeated to himself, choking back a bitter laugh.
“What is it?  Tony?” Steve demanded.
“Fine.  If it gets to be too much, I’ll walk away,” Tony promised.
They were dead now, the Donoghue boys, having given up the O part of O’Donoghue along with nearly everything else when they walked through Ellis Island.  Peter and Paul, like the Apostles, good, strong, Irish Catholic boys, who had gone off to war with their Saint Christopher medallions to protect them and never come back.
“JARVIS, can you hack into Camp’s medical file and order a really large dose of, oh, I don’t know, insulin or maybe something he’s allergic to, but, hey, how about like a triple dose of Viagra first? Just for shits and grins?” Tony suggested amiably.
He looked over at Steve, who was staring out the window.  His elbow rested on the edge, and his hand was fisted over his mouth, a frown deepening the lines of his face.
, the creature.
“I can explain,” Tony said quickly, pushing himself off the sofa.
“How is that going?” Tony asked, eyebrows raised in question.
“Good,” Steve repeated, though this time, he said it while baring his teeth and making a low, huffing-crackling-wheezing noise that Anto thought meant humor, though what was amusing escaped him.
Warm, crystal-blue water sluiced through Steve’s fingers as he trailed his hand through the gentle waves.  The afternoon sun beat down on his shoulders, heating the skin.  The waters were so different here than back home, where they were brackish with silt and grass, ending in long, spindly fingers of water that reached for the sea.  Here, the waters were so clear, Steve could see his feet below him as he picked his way between the rocks, and the water’s warm nearly the whole year, or so Tony said.
Steve wasn’t sure how long he sat there, his stomach twisted into knots, body thrumming with desire and hot, liquid shame, his thoughts tumbling over and over each other, but finally the tent flap was flung open and Tony stepped inside.
He hadn't known, until he heard Steve say it, how much he wanted to hear something else. There was a moment, a brief flicker of dread and disbelief that happens between knowing and believing, and he was standing in it. Again. Punch to the gut, they say, but that's not it, not really. That's pain, and pain leaves, dissipates, becomes memory. This...this is loss. Grief, he thought dully, with a flash of recognition, because he'd been here before. He knew this. This is something that hangs on, buries itself down deep, so deep you think it's left you, but its there, living at the bottom of a bottle of Scotch, waiting to claw its way out again. He was nineteen, and Steve was pulling an X-Box controller out of a box, and his heart was shattering.
“Ah, come on, you know what I mean,” Brock said. “Not like I’m exactly gonna kick you out of bed for getting crumbs in it,” he added with a snicker. “Maybe he kind of turned over a new leaf or whatever. After what almost happened over there, you know. That kind of thing’ll fuck you up, no doubt about it. Still can’t believe the Army about let Tony Stark get kidnapped for fuck’s sake.  I know some people lost stars over that shit-show.”
Pepper perched on the side of the bed and gently embraced Tony, carding her fingers through his hair, scratching his scalp, smiling when he let out soft little hums of contentment.  She hated to break the fragile peace, but she was running out of time as his interim guardian and wanted to ensure Tony’s safety and security within the Pack.  There was no way she was letting the State, or a rival Pack take him or his Company, she had already had to fend off numerous inquiries and offers even though he had only been registered less than twenty-four hours ago, the other Packs not seeming to care that he had already been accepted in to the Avengers Pack.  Until he had fully bonded with the Pack and mated with an Alpha there would be challenges from other Packs to prove they were better suited to provide and care for an Omega such as Tony.
Tony was confused, there were vague memories of his detox treatment and the horrendous therapy sessions, but he could not remember agreeing to the kind of relationship Steve had outlined. He also could not remember insisting on the experimental treatment to increase his height, which had gone so drastically wrong.  He said as much to Steve, worried and confused about the gaps in his memory and his inability to do many of the most basic daily tasks.
“Hi aunt May, how are you today, are the pups behaving, not giving to much trouble, I hope?  Gosh the girls seem to have grown bigger since Monday must be all that milk they are drinking.  Don’t know how you are going to cope when the new pups are born, do you think Dr Banner will increase the size again of your breas…
Now you are in your rightful place, impaled on my cock, nothing but a ludder, a flyfille.  You will serve Thor on earth and then return to Asgard to quicken and be my hore.
Steve pushed in just a little further, enough to make Tony gasp, his hole clenching tight round the head of his cock.
1. A three- minute shower, (if there is a bathroom) otherwise always keep disposable body wipes in your bag.
Steve picked Tony out of the car and placed him in the waiting wheelchair, making sure he was firmly bundled up in his jacket and blanket, he frowned when he noticed Tony did not have his mitts on.  He would need to have a word with Bruce to see if there was a problem with his omega’s skin sensitivity, or the dexterity of his fingers from being semi immobile for long periods of time, it was on that thought that he realised Bruce was not with the two other Avengers.
Happy arrived a few minutes after to deliver his omega.
He had a lot to think about, he was stuck in this universe for who knew how long, maybe forever.  He did not want to be kept in a cell, he needed to breathe fresh air and peruse his research and he could not that if he did not accept certain elements of this society that make him uncomfortable or if he was being honest with himself, deep down stirred his own desires.  Perhaps this was how Tony felt when he first arrived, curious and then gradually accepting, there was no way that he would have ever let the Captain treat him as he did, without consenting or enjoying it, perhaps his suppressed omega instincts flourished in this environment.  He had read studies and research previously that confirmed that the instinctive behaviours of alphas and omegas was weakening due to the changes in roles in society. The imperative to mate and follow the traditional dominant/submissive relationship was being suppressed  due to the perceived inequality that those not of that orientation argued it to be.
“Good boy Tony, for being honest you will get ten smacks on your bare butt, and then you will stand in the corner until the doctor calls us in.”
The first board meeting was tomorrow a fact that he knew Tony was not happy about, it would be his first time out as a Bonded Omega and he was worried both how the board would treat him and also how his Alpha would present him in public for the first time.
“What the hell happened in here Steve?  JARVIS says Tony has gone in to labour, he is not due for another two weeks.  Come on we need to get him to his nest I would prefer medical but he is already stressed and and on the verge of going in to shock, he needs the safety of familiar surroundings and scents to get through the strain of birthing these pups.”
“Go ahead and do it now, it’s starting to whither and stiffen as it has been locked in the same position for weeks, it’s not as though we will ever risk him having use of it.”
“Pepper before we leave for the office Dr Banner would like to do a quick physical, to check that you are healing and give you a muscle relaxant and pain meds.  We have a long day ahead of us and you need to be pain free and mentally sharp as the merger meetings have been arranged for Friday.”
After his explanation, the doctor completed the rest of the physical exam on a very docile and unusually quiet omega.
“Winter, I have let Tony know you are coming and that he is to obey you in everything, he needs firm handling to curb any unruly behaviour.  You are going to be his Alpha so treat him as you would want your omega to behave.
“Tony, that is quite enough, get up off the floor and come and sit down right this minute.
“Alpha Rogers, your omega has slight bruising on his face, deeper bruising on his hips along with mild to deep scratching on his stomach and thighs.
Fours later with his stomach gurgling and cramping he swallowed the last of his stubbornness and ask his Alpha for his evening enema and to be allowed to pee. His Alpha’s beaming smile and soft kiss was worth the embarrassment of having his penis held for him, and the praise he received for being able to hold a litre of enema fluid for 5 minutes had him blushing and smiling stupidly at Steve.
Tony screams, his back arching, whole body ridged as another orgasm rips through his body.  His mind blanks as he floats away in to nothingness, his body starting to shivering and shake as his post orgasmic high fades and all energy drains from his body.
Tony wasn’t happy that Daddy had left him alone and he didn’t want to sit on the strange man’s lap, but Daddy had his no nonsense face on, and that never bode well for him if he argued back.  Giving a last, longing look at his block tower he settled on the Judge’s knee and shyly looked up through his lashes at the old man.
Steve continued to rub his omega’s stomach taking care not to press hard on the breeding pouch but taking no such care on the water filled part.  His omega’s whining becomes more high pitched as his desperation increases.
Tony didn’t want to wake up he was having a lovely dream where daddy was cuddling him and kissing him, and not cooing over those stupid babies. If he wokeup then he would have to go away as daddy now had proper babies and would probably make Pepper his wife.
"Yes Alpha."
That had been three weeks ago, and since then he had been on his best behaviour, he couldn’t stand the thought of May being punished and degraded even more for his arrogant belief that he could hide his status and his even more foolish behaviour since their capture in thinking that escaping would be easy, even without his spider powers due to his knowledge of electronics and hacking.  He couldn’t help but touch his bare wrists, missing his web shooters, not that they would be able to use them, Dr Banner had ensured that he would never be Spiderman again.
“Here but going to Tower wif Daddy soon.”
On Tony’s Instagram he posted a set of photos of him getting ready for their evening, the last shot was of Tony sleeping in the v of his legs, face over his seemingly sleep pant covered crotch
“Come for me now my Omega!”
“How dare you speak to Miss Potts like that, even more try to touch another alpha now you are bonded and added to that you have disobeyed my orders and moved without my permission!
The President ran his hands over Darcy’s bald head, tracing the shape of her skull, enamoured by the smooth shiny skin, his fingers moved to her face stroking the skin where her eyebrows had once been, before moving to lightly run one finger over her eye lids devoid of any lashes.
Just to make a few things clear, Pepper is not Tony's best friend in this story and Rhodey may or may not make an appearance.
Bath time and a visit to the doctors.
“Come on Armless, head in your feeding trough, it’s no different to any other day, so stop being a twat and eat or it will be a feeding gag and ten strikes of the cane on your cock and balls every feeding session you refuse.”
*********************************************************
Tony starts to struggle the moment the soft bar of soap enters his mouth, but Steve incredibly strong, arm pins him to his chest whilst he uses his other hand to push his chin up so his teeth sink into the sudsy disgusting tasting soap.  Bubbles formed thick and fast, sliding down his throat and frothing out of his mouth, making him gag when he tries to plead for mercy.  Hot tear of humiliation fall, from his eyes when he notices that the other Avengers have filed back into the room, silently watching his punishment.
He tried to imagine the absolute looks of shock and horror on the other guests faces, if he were to parade his baby boy hanging from his knot across the dance floor.  Smirking he pressed his hand down on Tony’s bladder and sopping diaper, chuckling as a stream of pee spilled on to the floor, the puddle quite noticeable now along with the smell of urine.
Steve exited the limo pulling Tony behind him with the leather belt still attached to his neck.  Tony was once again naked the shirt having been discarded the minute they had got into the limo after leaving Shield Headquarters.
Steve returned to Dr Gottlieb’s office after settling a very sleepy Tony back in his room, leaving Nurse Meyer to hook up the intravenous fluid bags which contained the final round of detox medication, the hemopurifier had also once again been attached, the combination of both would see the remaining toxins flushed from his body and his blood completely cleansed.  Tony would be awakened in two hours for the final cycle of the hempurifier and the expelling of all the remaining toxic fluids from his body.
“Nooo… Nooo, want milk, don’t like porridge, don’t want sit in horrid chair!”
Tony squirms at his Alpha’s words breath quickening as he looks in to Steve’s hard ice blue eyes, another tug on his hair had him rising on to his knees face flush with his Alpha’s cock straining to break through his jeans.
“Sex Doll, drop now and crawl back to your master. Whores don’t get to decide what they are going to do!
Looking at her bruised and swollen nipples he cupped each breast fingers rubbing circles  around her areola before squeezing hard on the tips of her nipples, he smirked at Happy as she screamed in agony, Happy took the opportunity to stick his cock in her wide open mouth, hooking his thumbs at the sides to stop her from biting down on his cock.
“Hmmm, clipped short or shall l just shave it all off, you will be in full bondage the majority of the time so it would be easier to fit your hood.
“Captain Rogers, if I might interrupt I think that the results of this ultrasound may help you all to make a decision.  As you know all pets are born with female reproductive organs, as male pets grow from young pets to juvenile pets the womb and reproductive organs are almost always absorbed into the body, male pets can still mature into bitches but cannot be bred.
“Captain if you could remove your omega’s drawers and assist him up on to the examination table, we can begin his omega physical examination.
As Winter’s bonded bitch Tony would be continuously bred by the wolf, Tony’s heats would be induced by the alpha’s pheromones when he decided that it was time his bitch need to be bred again. The vet had examined Winter under anaesthesia when his new prosthetic arm had been fitted and had been pleased with the results.
“Happy can you pull over, Tony has had an accident.”
Cunt, on your knees now!”
Natasha thanked her lucky stars that she was incapable of having or carrying a baby, the Red Room had taken care of that and she had no regrets.  Steve whilst he acknowledged that she was a woman, saw her as an Alpha figure first, with an array is skills that would be an asset to the Avengers.
Nick love, I told you it was a bad idea to throw the girls Frozen DVD out the window.  Even if they have watched it a gazillion times you just have to suffer through it until the next Disney film.
“Thank you Alpha, I am going to the Hulk containment room now so that I can transform and he can drink this.  I will be back with a sample of our cum to mark Tony with.”
I want omega Stark to be working the required hours for SI once his hands have healed, I will expect a minimum of one hour per week personally with the omega for completion of all paperwork relating to SI. The board of directors insist that it be done the traditional way as of now, I have agreed as the last thing I need to be dealing with at this time is an attempted coup from that bunch of antiquated old Alphas.”
“Thank you, Sir can I have a Vodka Tonic with a twist of Lime.  It is so great that you are not a stick in the mud over alcohol like my parents.  They are so uptight, l am sick of ‘Betty don’t do that, don’t drink that, you can’t wear that.’
“Sir, can l build a Spacecraft?  I have already got the basic design, l just need to figure out how to fuel it, maybe l could look at Howard’s notes on the arc reactor technology, it could work.”
Omegas will not receive medical intervention during labour and birth unless absolutely necessary for the health of the babies.  Omega midwives will attend all births and call for medical intervention if needed.
The cock cage had not been removed at all since he had put it on Tony the previous week, he had taken great pleasure in listening to is Omega plead and beg for release as he fucked him hard and fast, slow and gently, milking his prostrate and just driving him crazy with frustration, always on the edge of an orgasm but never finding any release.
“Palomar,” Tony breathed out.  “The Hale Telescope’s there.”
okay. Just wait.  Just be strong a little longer.  It felt just as hollow a promise as Peggy’s ultimatum.   Maybe Howard didn’t hit him again after this. Maybe he laid off the jibes and insults.
“I know.  I know it’s okay. I made it okay.  For us.  That’s what I’m saying,” Tony replied numbly.  “It’s fine.  You and me.  We’re fine. That’s what matters.  I fixed it.  I can’t…I can’t lose you. Not again.  I won’t.  It isn’t worth it.  Nothing’s worth that, Steve. Nothing.  So, let’s just…move on.  Okay?  Forget it. It’s done.”
For the next two days or so, he would be Steve’s world. Even with the Bond, it required so much trust from an Omega to allow this, he knew, and for someone like Steve, a natural leader, to offer to place this kind of faith in Tony, that Steve would choose to share this with him instead of taking the suppressants the modern world offered or just taking care of himself on his own was probably the most terrifying, humbling and amazing thing he’d ever known. This was…this was…his mind grappled for the right word, for any word that could possibly begin to describe what this was…this was
“Yours,” Steve slurred out. Tony came with a shout, hips jerking forward a few more times as he spent himself inside Steve. He groaned and bent forward, letting his forehead rest against the expanse of Steve’s sweat-slickened back for a moment. He felt the familiar swelling pressure on the end of his cock and pushed himself back up as the welcoming gush of warm wetness coated his shaft. His knot released, expanding inside Steve until it filled him fully. Steve’s body bucked and shuddered as the knot brushed across his prostate.
At all.
Steve followed Rhodes on leaden legs, his mind swirling.  He had the sudden sense of not being present, as if he had gone so thin and flat as to be transparent.  The need for his shield welled up inside him, stronger and more insistent than almost ever before, though to shield himself against what, he wasn’t sure.  I just wanted to fight, like everyone else, he thought, his mind scattered and the thought carrying a trace of hysteria with it.
Sighing, Steve reached up and unclasped his veil, tossing it atop one of the trunks and took a seat on one of the rounded pillows that someone, probably Cam, had strewn about the tent. He toed off his sandals and rubbed his feet into the thick carpet beneath, feeling the warmth of the sands leaching through the soft fibers.
Steve nodded. His mind soared.  He could do anything for Tony. Cold breached him again, so cold, he burned with it, with need, consuming him.  He was melting. He had to be. The bed shifted a little. He was dimly aware of Tony moving about, and then Tony was back between his legs, pushing Steve’s knees wide, lining up, and yes, yes, yes, please, Tony, please, Steve thought. Or shouted. He didn’t know.  It echoed in his ears like a drumbeat, some mystical chant.
“No, I didn’t.  I thought I was, but I--I should’ve told you. About the money.  I wanted you to love me for me, and not the money, and I ended up in the same damn loop I was trying to avoid, shouting, ‘Look, kids, Big Ben, Parliament,’ until my throat was dry, all because I was too damn scared it would matter, so it became the only thing that mattered,” Tony husked out.  “I should’ve told you about my dad.  Taken you to meet him like you wanted.  Together.  United front, so to speak.  It would’ve been a lot damn harder for him to—to do what he did if I’d just told you what he was like instead of worrying so much that you might realize he was right.”
“They have a lot of programs that he believes you would excel in,” Coulson replied.  “I know he wanted to deliver the news himself, but this current mission is…a bit uncertain.  Timing-wise, I mean.  And the acceptance deadline is coming up in a few weeks.  Plus, I think he was…excited.  For you to know.”
Steve wasn’t sure how long he stared at the screen, but it seemed like no time at all before Happy was announcing their arrival.  Of course, Caesar's wasn’t exactly a long drive from the Rio, though he didn’t blame Tony for wanting to stay a bit off the Strip.  Almost as soon as the car was in park, Happy was out and opening the door for Steve to step out.  They were at the VIP entrance, Steve noted, which was considerably less crowded than the main lobby, and for that, he was immensely grateful.
“You’re not responsible for what I choose to do, Buck,” Steve replied.  He left his place at the kitchen bar and walked over sit down next to Bucky on the sofa.  “End of the line, right?”
“You’re taking classes?” Tony piped up, taking a knee from Rhodey for his efforts.  He tossed him a perturbed look and turned back to Steve.
“I’m sure.
“Judge says: Funyuns, not Cheetos, so it counts as apology food,” Barnes put in, earning a firm nod from Wilson. “Matt, back me up.”
Steve tipped his head back to catch Tony’s eyes in warm, soft stare.  His eyes crinkled at the edges. The way Tony liked.  Polaris, Tony thought, gazing back at Steve’s bright, clear blue eyes.
“Helpful,” Tony ground out.  “Someone needs to tell Uncle Brucie to put down his slides and Petri dishes and get his ass to the landing platform and help figure this shi—crap—stuff—out.”
Love, almost painfully blinding in its force, burst through him, slamming his heart against its metal cage.  So bright.  It’s so bright, he thought and looked right at it.
Even now, as he watched the strange movie play out, Steve could feel the warmth of those remembered words seeping through his skin from the inside, like he was warm, burning, bursting with it. It made him lightheaded. Giddy, almost. And Tony was so close now.  Just out of reach, really.  Which, yeah, Steve thought as he swiped a hand over his face, that distance was more than just physical, true, but Tony, always so distant, felt nearer now, and the pull that emanated from somewhere deep inside Steve, it was stronger now.  Tony teased.  Tony teased
“You haven’t really met Pepper.  Give it a day, this place will look like a million bucks.  I mean, probably right around that, because getting people to come to Brooklyn this time of night is pricey, but let’s just say it won’t be the first all-nighter I pull and for a much worthier cause.  So, bed.  Unless you want company,” Tony offered nonchalantly.
“You hear that because you suck that thing he calls a cock and moan like a sword swallower,” Nyma said with an impish grin.  “She is baiting you, Raj’Inama.  A little worm to catch a bigger fish.”
, like nothing he had ever felt.
“I could watch you all day and never tire of it, I think,” Tony commented, almost idly, except for the slight tremor in his voice.  “Beautiful.”  Steve bit his lip, then threw his head back and moaned as Tony’s wrist flicked around the head of his cock.
Steve glanced at the phone long enough to see the former judge’s photo staring back at him before quickly looking away.
Tony swallowed past a dry lump in his throat and rolled up the material until Bagram Hiking Club had disappeared and his chest was bare.
Why did everyone at SHIELD react the way they did when they found out he was Steve’s Omega?  What did the X mean, the one after Steve’s name and Alpha designation? Captain Rogers is…he’s very important, Tony remembered Coulson saying.  Why did Coulson behave like there was probably a shrine with Steve’s toenail clippings somewhere?  Not like anyone was going to clue him in.  He was just the Omega who was Bonded to the guy and got to spend the rest of his life doing whatever Steve told him to do.  Yeah, definitely no reason to teach Tony the secret handshake, he thought bitterly. Still.  He reached up and placed his hand over the small rectangles beneath his shirt.  Just, better safe than sorry. Unofficial Omega motto, that.  Couldn’t hurt to hold onto them.
“The nuns started singing a hymn.  Very Sound of Music of them.  You told me about it on the way out here,” Tony said, looking up at Steve and letting out a burst of air that seemed to have gotten stuck in his throat.  His hips were thrusting into Steve’s hand in stuttering, disjointed motions.  His balls felt tight and heavy, stretched full.  He wanted more, but didn’t want to stop.  “When we had to stop for donuts on account of the typhoon.”
“Then he is not the man I believe him to be,” Jarvis said.  “And he does not deserve you.”
They stopped at the curb in front of a striped crosswalk.   A large, red tourist bus drove past them, droning information about something that was barely a landmark, but someone famous had done something stupid there, once upon a time.  Give me a few more days, and they can add a story to the rotation, Tony thought grimly.  Down the street, a car horn blared.  The electronic pings and whirs drifted out of the casinos up ahead like siren songs.
“I have them Iron Man!” Thor announced in the way only Thor could.  “Have no fear.  They shall be made to respect the bubble!”  Tony seriously considered just leaving the battle to the rest of the team and finding a nice paper bag to put over his head.  But there was Steve and,
“Do you hear this cheek? Where could he have picked up such a worrisome habit?” Tony asked Steve with a wide grin.  “You will be as ‘learned and wise’ as your King when you learn to be patient and sit still for your lessons, something I am given to understand gives you trouble upon occasion,” Tony admonished lightly.
“Would you be still for two seconds?  Isn’t he supposed to be in one of those seat things?  The kind with all the straps and buckles that keeps him from—hey, no, we do not chew on the armor—moving around?” Tony shouted.
“Sorry,” Tony said quickly, waving a hand in the space between them.  “This evening’s revels are only for those whose last meal was reconstituted from a packet with the slightly overreaching label of ‘beef stew.”   As excuses went, it was a shitty one, he knew.
“Uh…something could happen?” Tony offered, voice rising a bit with each syllable.
Tony shrugged lightly.  “Wasn’t any trouble.  Just told some people to do it.”
“Sure, sure, can’t shut the guy up,” Stark said.
“Ms. Potts and your lawyer are probably going to want to talk to me about the reporter thing, aren’t they?” Steve asked, sounding tired, but not particularly worried.  Tony strongly suspected that Steve was the type the drill sergeant yelled at while Steve stood there and took it and then went right back to doing whatever it was that Steve thought was best.  Independent thinking wasn’t something he normally associated with Army enlisted, but Steve kept managing to turn Tony’s other assumptions on their heads, so why not?
“Chloe, take Pepper back to hair and makeup, we need to start on the second shoot in thirty minutes.”
Now these two legionaries will carry you down to the lab and secure you, ready for travel through the Portal.
Not having a collar and leash to hand he looped the belt round Tony’s neck pulling it tight so that breathing would be uncomfortable but not dangerously so.  He wanted to keep Tony off balance and confused so he could get back to Stark Tower without him causing a scene.
The sound of her father’s voice filled the room once more.
The blacksmith was fascinated by his story of the Lady Darcy’s hair transformations and how she had ended up bald.
“On your hands and knees, you will crawl behind me and not make eye contact with anyone.
The delighted look on Steve’s face and the murmured words of encouragement, was worth the struggle to eat every last piece of food Steve placed in his mouth.  When Steve then produced a flask of thick protein enriched milk shake his resolve waivered, but the warm hand massaging his swollen belly along with the adoring look on his Alpha’s face had him parting his lips for the straw, when the taste of blueberries exploded in his mouth he needed no encouragement to suck greedily, not even noticing when Steve surreptitiously  changed out empty flask for a second full one.
“Baby, darling, you just have to agree to bond with me, l have the papers right here.”
His Clinic contained a number of omegas from wealthy families that had all refused bonds and wanted their independence.  He could condition them through training and punishment to conform but an omega bonded against their will, would have heats but only rarely would their heats be fertile.
