Castiel could still remember how it had almost come as a relief to swallow down the pain pills that his father had been withholding from him, medication that had been prescribed so that he could deal with the stabbing pangs of breathing caused by his cracked ribs from the incident at Lake Forrest. Pain that was exacerbated by being forced to pray and genuflect until he had wanted to pass out from the exhaustion and the pounding in his head just to get away for a little bit from his father and Raphael's voices constantly throwing scripture and sermon at him in an effort to make him "normal" again. Death had seemed less scary then, more like a safe haven that would cradle him and rock him off to sleep like someone did in only his most vague and hazy memories from childhood.
"We should go," Sam said suddenly, biting his lip and looking pleadingly at his older brother. "To Chicago."
"Don't fucking touch me," Dean hissed batting his hand away. "You're nothing but a liar and a fake, stay away from me."
"Much," he replied, opening his eyes enough so that he could glance over his shoulder at Castiel who's blue eyes were studying his face, eyebrows creased in concern and mouth turned down in a frown. "What's wrong, Cas?"
"I'm here all weekend, Dean. If things don't work out here tonight, maybe we can get together sometime," Micheal said lowly, his blue eyes flicking down to Dean's lips and back up.
But something about the scars on Castiel's back made Dean what to prod and cajole the other boy until he told him what the fuck was going on. He felt like if Cas just opened up to him then he could help, like all of the other times when he could just soothe away the panic attacks with soft words and tender kisses, but maybe that wasn't going to be enough this time.
They ate in silence for a while, leaving the apartment quiet enough to be able to hear music that was filtering out of the partially opened door of his bedroom. Dean got seconds, Cas pulled the world's sexiest looking pie out of the oven to cool, and it all kind of degraded into Dean pushing the other boy up against the kitchen counter so that he could kiss him because this was easily the best birthday of his life, even without the pie.
"What?" Cas asked, confused by how morose the other man sounded when it felt like his own heart had started beating double time once he realized that Dean had heard him play. The first time he had played in years and it was for Dean, it felt right that it had worked out that way.
"Shut up," The older man groused, raising his tumbler which was full of the amber whiskey that he and the other adults were drinking. "I'm thankful for family and that you boys are happy and safe. Castiel, happy birthday, boy. Dean picked the right brother."
What? Charlie was just very good at snooping in people's lives. It was what she had made a living at for a long stinkin' time, supporting herself after her parents died in a car accident when she was sixteen and she created her first fake identity, Elena Torrance, a homage to Stanley Kubrick that almost got her arrested by a very nerdy policeman in Phoenix, when she had let an ex-girlfriend talk her into testing out exactly how genuine her fake ID looked at a bar there.
"Well my whole family was a church person," Cas said sarcastically. "My uncle Zach is a deacon at the church that my farther presides over, my oldest brother, Raphael is going to seminary school or at least he was before we moved, and all of my aunts and cousins clean the church and decorate for holidays. The church was like my second home and until I got old enough to understand how much they disapproved of my lifestyle, I really enjoyed it."
Dean heard his friend sniffle and looked over to see Meg surreptitiously wiping tears off of her make-up free face, looking so much younger without the caked on eyeliner and red lipstick she wore to work. He realized that Meg and Jo and Jess were very much like the little sisters he had never wanted and he instantly felt bad for bringing up his friend's past relationship that had ended so unexpectedly and painfully.
"Is that what this was? A fuck up?" Crowley seemed shockingly cavalier about the whole thing and Cas tried not to think about how much it had cost him to keep his little indiscretion on the down low.
The only times Chuck ever touched her was when he had been drinking and she was supporting him as she carried him out of another bar or into his apartment that was stacked full of piles of books that she had to maneuver him around in order to get him to his bedroom. And she shouldn't find his obsessive, messy personal library adorable, Naomi knew that she was just replacing her need to take care of Scott with her need to take care of Chuck, but she did, she wanted to be so familiar with her coworker's apartment that she could traverse the stacked hardbacks in the dark or blindfolded. She wanted to integrate herself so far into the other man's life that people wouldn't know where she stopped and Chuck began.
Cas had been testing and teasing against his limits and so far Dean had just ignored the probing, cautious digits that the other boy used to touch him when they were fooling around, but his curiosity was rapidly getting the better of him. His fantasies had become ones of Cas pining him down, talking to him in that authoritative, deep voice that he used to bark out orders during ROTC practice, and fucking him until he was begging to come for the other boy; imagining how it would feel to have nothing separating him or Cas from each other even though he knew how important protection was.
"Nope," Cas declared angrily, reaching out and snatching the papers out of the other man's hands when it looked like the wordless gesture was the only response he was going to get. "You don't get to just say shit like that to make yourself feel better when we both know that its a lie. The doctor thing...I'll take the blame for that, sure. I should have talked to Dean before I just made decisions about his life for him, but you...you started all of this by not letting me have a life at all."
"Who is it?" Dean asked desperately, stupidly knowing that his dad wasn't going to give him a straight answer and regretting the words as soon as they were out of his mouth because John snapped the phone shut with such force that he wouldn't be surprised if the screen had cracked.
The actor tilted his head at Dean and frowned slightly before planting a firm kiss on the bartender's lips. "I love you too, Dean. Why does this keep happening?"
Special bonus points goes to whoever can figure out which movie Cas is going to be doing, no cheating and looking up stuff!
Dean really hated airports. Mostly because of the terrible parking and how waiting at the baggage claim seemed to bring out the absolute worst in people; it was even more soul crushing than driving on the freeway during rush hour. But getting accidentally sucked into a passing jet engine seemed like a small price to pay in order to see his favorite almost uncle.
"Whoa," Cas said putting up his hands and laughing at the self-satisfied smile on the stoic boy's face. "Who's the lucky lady, Ash?"
“Yea, okay,” Dean said, feeling his own face heat as he licked his suddenly dry lips. “I mean, But like...as friends. Helping each other out.”
He slumped back down in his seat when the judge dismissed him; thankful that this would probably be the last time he would ever have to tell the story again. Cas hadn't been lying when he had told Rachel that he wanted to put the whole thing behind him the last time that they had talked, forget that it had happened so that he could go the rest of his life pretending that he had had a normal childhood and adolescence like everyone else. She told him that she understood the desire, but pointed out that the pain and the suffering had all served to make him a stronger person, which he agreed with to the extent that he was stronger now that he had Dean and that if they hadn't moved to Lawrence then he wouldn't have been able to find the other half that had made him whole again.
"No, no," Dean said quickly, his eyes widening in surprise when Castiel started tugging it off of his arms with movements that he hoped didn't look too eager to please. "I wouldn't feel right taking it since I didn't win the game."
His phone rang from inside his pocket, trumpeting out ‘Paperback Writer’ by The Beatles and letting him know without looking that it was his dad calling him. Weird, Chuck normally wasn’t up this early on Sundays, he used to bat away Castiel’s mom on mornings when she was trying to rouse the older man to go to church, saying if God wanted him to get up then he needed to come down and drag him out of bed himself.
Their second kiss had been just as bloody, but that's because he had punched John for calling him a faggot when Bobby had told him to admit that he wanted whatever this thing was between them just as badly as he did. That led to years of hiding and self-loathing on John's part until finally their luck ran out and Bobby's dad had come at them with a shotgun, eyes blazing and spewing the worst hate-speech imaginable. The gun going off had been an accident, but John had still run anyway.
“No,” the other man answered, amusement making his voice fond. “We didn’t get drunk married. You asked, but I figured I should introduce you to my mom first.”
"He scheduled me for what?!" Dean snapped, drawing the attention of the sales girl as he spoke. "That fucking bastard-"
Castiel decided as he watched the Lawrence Lions huddle up with Coach Uriel who was gesturing wildly with a clipboard and seemed to be yelling. The man's booming voice was lost to him though because of the chattering of the fans and the soft trumpeting racket of the band sitting next to him.
"Baby," Dean said brokenly reaching out to cup the other boy's face only to be stopped when Castiel backed away from his outstretched hand. A strangled sound of disappointment escaped him as his hand fell limply onto the seat between them.
Castiel bit his lip and nodded slightly. For him, there had never been anyone else besides the charming, enigmatic rugby player at his old school. And for a while, despite the betrayal that ended their tenuous relationship he had just assumed that there never would be anyone else he could have feelings for.
He stood on shaky legs and moved to his bed, picking up an armful of toiletries that he started to carefully place back in their former positions as Rufus settled himself back into his bed in his usual spot; covers thrown over his body until only his face was visible so that he could tell his story as he watched Castiel move about the room.
"How did you two meet?" Cas asked as Meg pulled out a large stack of take out menus and started shuffling through them, making faces at some of them and putting others in front of the younger man for him to look at.
"Hey, Cas?" He mumbled into his friend's neck. He could feel his lips brushing against Cas's skin as he spoke, they were so close. It would be so easy to—
"No, Bridgette." Guy responded softly, pulling his hand out of her clutching grasp and the red painted nails that had once seemed so alluring now looked like blood stained talons. "I'm not going to do that. I don't love you, you used me and lied to me and you're no better than Miriam. She's dead and you're dead to me too."
Dean wanted to protest that the prettiness of the other artist’s work had very little to do with why he liked it, but honestly it was pretty and Dean was comfortable enough with his masculinity to admit that he liked flowers sometimes. Especially after all of that therapy he did after his and Lisa’s breakup.
"Cas?" Dean asked, pausing confusedly in the front hallway and taking in his wild appearance with a tired, beamused smirk. "What are you doing here, babe? I was just going to change and come over to your house, how did you even get in?"
When he caught his breath, Dean pulled Castiel back under the spray of the shower; washing him slowly and reverently with the soap that the hotel provided until the water started going cold and Cas started to shiver against him in a way that was not sexy. He dried his boyfriend off with the soft fluffy towels and just smiled goofily when the other boy tried to bat him off saying that he was a big boy who could take care of himself.
Castiel studied the woman for a moment; she seemed just as frustrated about her life as he was. She was probably a couple of years older than him, her big brown eyes were focused on the stained glass window that he had been facing and a sad, smile tugged at the corners of her mouth, like she couldn't decide if she wanted to laugh or cry about being faced with the image of the long-dead woman before them.
His dad had just kept reading the same article in the paper over and over, forgetting how it started by the time he got to where it continued farther in the paper and getting frustrated by the whole endeavor before giving up. When he had heard about Dave dying it had forced Castiel to realize how bad things were actually getting with his dad and while he hadn't meant to start an argument, offering to hire some help for the aging couple had not been well-received. He and his mom had made up before he left, dropping dry, tense kisses on each other's cheeks at the airport while his dad stared blankly at the departure board, smiling confusedly and telling him to have fun at college when Castiel bundled the older man into a tight hug.
Castiel nodded at her stunned and followed behind Dean when the other man started stalking across room and back down the mirrored hallway where they had first kissed. The other man led him into a room marked 'Employees Only' that had a row of lockers against one wall and a scarred folding table with some chairs scattered around it and through that into a small office that branched off.
"I guess," Castiel said, forcing a smile over his grimace because he wasn't really in any place to judge how Becky coped with her shit. Was it healthy? Probably not, but it also wasn't any of his business either. "Just uh...should I tell him I heard him or is that just going to make him hate me?"
He stood and brushed the cookie crumbs from his shirt front, considering how he could answer the question without seeming like a hypocrite. "Do you think they will be okay with it?"
He didn't make it ten pages into the thick study manual before he abandoned it in favor of distractedly doing crosswords and then finally settling down with his copy of his dad's book. The beginning of it was interesting; it talked about a group of people in small rural town and what their life was like before the great dust storms and economic hardships of The Great Depression came and swept away everything they had thought they knew about their families and neighbors. It wasn't hard to see the parallels between the happy, unsuspectingly tragic Okie families and his own, but he wasn't sure if he wanted to relive how his family had fallen apart after his mom's death so he put it aside in favor of falling into a fitful, restless sleep.
Only maybe they weren't so random anymore, I mean, Cas hadn't gotten excited while holding Charlie's hand and looking at other men on the ward just made him feel friendly type feelings or empty like he did around the people he knew at home. Maybe it was just Dean, maybe his body was just ahead of his mind and had been this whole time when he had been feeling safe and comfortable around the other patient. Maybe he liked Dean more than he already should if he was hoping to not get too attached.
He had to keep reminding himself to blink because his eyes were burning, which was annoying and weird because wasn't that shit supposed to be an automatic function or something? Maybe he just didn't know how to function normally anymore. Fuck, maybe he never had.
The thought of never remembering himself again was terrifying, but so was losing Dean and he had to pick the lesser of the two evils if for no other reason than the world needed Dean Winchester in it far more than it needed a fallen, rebellious, freak of nature angel like himself.
It was the bacon that gave him away, drawing the older man into the kitchen missing his trucker hat and scratching at his beard as he groped blindly for a coffee mug in the cabinets above the sink.
It wasn't a yes, he needed an explicit 'Yes' to be able to possess Dean without causing the other man's body to explode from the pressure of having an angelic force inside of him.
“Right now I just want to lay here with you til our time is up,” Lexi said as she slid across the bed, making room for Benny in the process. “Can we do that tonight, Benny?”
Why did I do this? Ugh. I'm sorry, okay. I'm going to write the next chapter as soon as possible so you know I'm not a sadistic angst freak. I promise, just breathe; it'll be okay.
"You stupid assbutt," a familar voice growled affectionately. "What on earth did you think you were doing?"
"No," the Scotsman corrected. "I asked you if you what you were doing with Dean was a fuck up. If you thought it was a fuck up and you said you did, another lie. That's was months ago and last night I asked you if you were being careful, because if you were then I was willing to let this whole idiotic charade you have forced me to accept continue. And you said you were. You looked right at me and told me that you and Dean were being safe. You need to stop lying to me."
Dean splashed some water on his face at the kitchen sink in an effort to help himself not look so much like death warmed over before he shoved his boots back on and headed down towards the lobby, clomping down the stairs heavily and grumbling to himself about how his landlord was too cheap to get the elevator fixed yet.
"I'm sorry," Cas deadpanned, poking at his own soggy bowl of Cheerios and deciding that the vodka and tequila were conspiring against him to starve him out. "I was a little distracted by finding out that you didn't have a soul. Of course, she doesn't think it's real, Crow. Meg's not an idiot, she's doing me a favor because she is a good friend of mine and she wants to see me happy."
"Or we could watch a movie. Since you missed last night we can watch what Ash picked so that you're not lost."
SO, I suck at updating on Friday apparently. We'll switch to a Saturday upload schedule moving forward.
"Yea, Cas is famous blahblahblah," Meg cut across, waving a hand dismissively as she spoke. "We get that part, it just means that he has to think twice about going to the store in his pajamas; it doesn't mean that he is better than you in any way shape or form. It doesn't mean that he isn't happy with you or he is only with you out of convenience until someone with more fucking name recognition or something comes along."
"It's not a problem Castiel," he heard Becky saying as she furrowed her brow and shoved at something in the locker in front of her. "Just make sure you pick it up at the end of the day, I don't know if my books will fit around it."
"I'll call my driver to come and get me," the other man said pulling back with a resigned sigh. "And I guess we'll just have to make plans to see each other."
Dean barked out a laugh before he turned and inspected the top half of his face in the mirror, making an impressed face before turning back to Charlie. “Wait? I thought you were a lesbian?”
"He told me," Meg replied trailing after him and leaning with her arms crossed over her chest in the doorway, watching him struggle with her ancient washing machine that he had fixed on more than one occasion for her. "You and I should go get breakfast and plot out my intricate seduction of Charlene Bradbury over mimosas and an obscene amount of scrambled eggs."
"So hot date, huh?" Charlie asked, smoothing her hair back down where it had gotten ruffed during Castiel's half-hearted assault.
The footballer pointed at Castiel who had staggered in behind the larger boy, the laces on his Converse flopping awkwardly as he tugged a cardigan on over the t-shirt and jeans he had been wearing all day at school. Chuck had to remind themselves that they had just been in gym class because he knew that neither one of them were dumb enough to be having sex somewhere in the school, not as long as Alastair and Azazel were still fuming about Kevin Tran ju-jitsuing them on the two boy's behalf in front of a large portion of the student body.
"The only one who knows is Gabriel," he replied quickly, feeling his stomach turn at the thought of Michael finding out that he was here. His oldest brother just had his life so together and figured out, that's why Castiel was trying to follow in his footsteps with school and his internships even though he was failing miserably at that too, just like he did everything else. "I'd really rather not tell anyone else that I'm here if I don't have to."
"Or Alastair," Dick added, grinning widely when Dean's head shot in his direction. "I hear that the third time 'round is the charm, right Winchester?"
"That's very poetic," he replied bitterly, closing the toilet lid and flushing it before clambering up to sit on the cool porcelain so he could cradle his head in his hands. "So are you gonna tell me or not? I mean, you've got all of
Dean could vaguely remember hearing a couple of loud bangs and feeling hands on his face and neck in a way that was too disturbingly intimate. Bad guys weren't supposed to be gentle when they destroyed you, in his experience they never were.
The younger man watched as the woman climbed into her faded Volvo and pulled out of the parking lot carefully, heading away from the residential part of town on the freshly plowed streets. Castiel pulled his jacket tightly around himself and climbed into the car, pulling out his phone and dialing Dean's number as he waited for the old car to warm up.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Castiel muttered, wondering what time it was because if he had slept through breakfast then maybe he had missed lunch too and his stomach was actually nagging emptily at him for once.
As always reviews are appreciated, so let me know what you're thinking. I can't read your thoughts y'know.
"Can we talk about this later?" he sighed, taking his glasses off and rubbing at his temples. "I'm just really tired and I need a shower. I can't…deal with all of this right now."
This was the question that he kept struggling with because Castiel hadn't stopped praying. Even when he was asking Dean if there was something else out there and wondering if testifying against his father was pointless because if God worked in mysterious ways that only he knew about well then that meant that everything was predetermined and you couldn't change your fate. There was no free will, there was no choice, everyone was on the path that had already been set for them and fighting for anything was futile.
He thought he saw the other boy's face fall a little bit, but the expression was replaced with that curious look that Cas got sometimes and Dean just couldn't help but smile at how he would for the rest of his life associate that gesture with his friend.
"You keep reminding me, but you know what? I didn't hear any complaints when you saw me in that tux; it was the last one in my size, Cas. Next time, I'll just keep my mouth shut and not do anything for you. How about that, babe?" Dean crossed his arms and smirked at the startled expression that crossed the other boy's face.
"The one with the wizard," Castiel said nodding and wondering why he could have ever thought it was Meg in the bed with him.
He stopped in front of two doors set into the left hand side of the hallway, set about six feet apart from each other with little signs that slid when he reached out to show Castiel how they worked.
The other boy gave him a small smile and went back to his list, Cas was pretty sure he was just making up pie flavors at this point, surely there couldn't be that many different types of pie in the world.
"Hey, uh have you guys seen Jo around anywhere?" Dean asked trying to spot the blonde hair of his friend. Her and Adam were supposed to be dressing up as Garth and Wayne from
"Not Sam," Tessa interrupted, settling behind her desk with a tired sigh as she pinched the bridge of her nose. "I went by his homeroom to make sure he was here before I came to find you, I thought that maybe something had happened with the family and that their father was pulling them both out for some reason or another. But Sam is here and the message that I walked into find on my phone this morning is just too strange, especially since Dean just took the SATs and Castiel said they were both applying to the University of Kansas. I had already started looking for scholarships and work studies for him because we both know that their father isn't going to help him with anything-"
Rachel sighed, she could see the visceral reaction he was having at the mention of his father and while it was a counselor's job to gently push their clients to talk about their issues, Castiel was always so close to the edge that a nudge in the wrong direction might cause him to do something rash. "Yes, Castiel. I will see you on Thursday, same time. Remember you have my personal number if you have an emergency."
"Shoes!" Castiel said loudly beside Dean, ducking his head inexplicably under the table cloth and emerging a couple of moments later with a big smile on his face. "You wore the shoes I got you. He's right though, they are fairly impractical for dancing, Jo."
Castiel woke up the next morning to the sound of the show's security guys stationed in the hallways changing shifts. He tried to block out the sound of their chit-chatting by burying his face in his pillow, but ultimately failed when they burst into raucous laughter right outside his doorway. With a groan he dragged himself out of bed and towards the bathroom; might as well get a run in before the production staff descended on them so they could film the reaction shots to last night’s elimination.
"It's been a while since I've dealt with one of these," the other man admitted causing Dean to crane his neck enough to see the torn condom wrapper lying near the other man's chest. "Sorry, give me a second."
Sam made an adorably disgusted face at him and all Gabriel could think about what how he shouldn't be doing this. This was so not okay and he was definitely going to go to hell for all of the impure thoughts he had been having about the cluelessly sexy minor sitting across from him.
"Rules, Cas." Dean groaned, arching back until he could feel his actor's arousal pressing into the small of his back. "Are you going to talk or have sex with me?"
"Oh fucking gross, Sam." The older Winchester groused, hustling towards the door his breath ghosting in the cold night air and his dress shoes crunching on the layered, frozen snow.
"Are you using the word 'know' in the Biblical sense right now?" Charlie asked, looming near his dresser with her hands on her hips. Castiel noticed that Becky was standing watch for the other girl near the doorway and had clapped a hand over her mouth to try to muffle the giggles that were slipping out. "Because if you are, that's super gross."
He liked the frustrated sound Castiel made as he took his hand away to cup the other boy's face, forcing them back to just kissing and pressing against each other as he leaned his weight into his boyfriend feeling Cas's teeth nip angrily at his lip as the other boy pushed hard at his chest so that he could get an arm between them, separating their bodies enough that he could capture both of their members in his long-fingered hand and stroking them together in a way that made Dean's knees weak from the sensation of the other boy's hardness against his own.
"Dean meet Charlie," Castiel said tightly, pulling back to lick his lips and run a hand though his hair which Dean also did right after, smoothing through the dark locks with his own fingers and smiling at the way the actor leaned into his touch; thinking to himself that Cas hadn't looked that content when Roche was fucking touching him. "Charlie this is Dean Winchester, my Prince Charming."
"You're like a walking inspirational poster," Gabriel said teasingly, tugging on her red tresses lightly before picking up another chunk and twisting it together with practiced motions.
He looked pointedly at Kevin Tran as he said the last part, making sure that the freshman knew that Virgil knew why he was really here. Tran broke the stare first and opened the text book in front of him with shaking hands. The instructor fought to keep the smile off of his face at the boy's reaction even though part of him hoped the kid was in this for the long haul.
“It’s ok, Sammy,” Dean sputtered, red staining his teeth as his lungs filled with blood. “It’s better this way.”
Fuck. Why in the hell did that make his heart skip a beat? Meg called him sugar and honey and dollface all the time, Balthazar even called him darling when he wanted something really badly.
The host clapped his hands excitedly when the two tall, well-muscled men appeared looking like they had just been slathered with baby oil all over their bodies except for the black Saxx briefs they were wearing. And honestly those didn’t leave too terribly much to the imagination. Sam’s hair was swept up into an artfully messy bun on top of his head and Zeke’s was just tousled enough that it didn’t distract from his light scruff on his face.
Dean shook his head and took a deep, shaky breath. Cas liked him. Or had liked him. All of those songs that he had just been listening to and feeling like they only applied to how he felt about the other boy were really for him. Castiel had meant those words to speak for him because for some reason he couldn't do it himself. They were both so self-destructive and stupid.
Dean hadn't expected to like California, scratch that. He hadn't expected to like San Francisco. He knew before the move that he would love California. It had everything that he could never get in Kansas, the sandy beaches, the almost year round summer weather, the surfing (which he had turned out to be really good at), seafood at almost every meal, Disneyland.
Just like he had done when Dean had tried to apologize for how his dad had acted the night before. All he had ever wanted was a normal dad who yea, was sad that his wife had walked out on him, but got over it eventually, like Ellen had when Jo's dad had died when they were kids and was going out on dates every now and then when her daughter hosted a party. But John was an asshole and a drunk and a much different person than he had been when his sons had been kids and looked up to him as the epitome of what a man should be.
"You're lucky that's all you're getting," the younger man replied warningly, crossing his arms over his chest with a dissatisfied sounding harrumph. "Seriously, Dean I can't believe you would be stupid like that. How many fucking safe sex talks did we sit through with Mom and Dad and Bobby?"
"What if he doesn't punch you?" Meg asked putting the car in park and hopping out with her friend trudging along behind her. "What if you're just psyching yourself out and Dean's like secretly, madly in love with you?"
Castiel climbed into his ensuite shower so that he could wash off the grime that he had accumulated doing bear crawls in the cold, dirty slush that the snow had melted into with the rest of the rifle squad, which was comprised mainly of himself, Adam, a few underclassmen that had not been on the drill team with him during football season, and Kevin. Gilda said she didn't like guns, which he thought was weird since she hadn't had a problem with them when she was throwing them around, but his friend said that the real thing was different, too heavy and dangerous feeling not to make her skin crawl. He felt the opposite way about firearms, after all in the right hands they were perfectly safe.
"Who the ever loving fuck are you?" James Collins, freaking selfless saint of a man that he was (he had done that bee documentary for practically nothing after all) asked in a sleep-strained voice looking at her like she was about to axe-murder him with the spatula she was holding.
So they hadn't said more than tense 'I love yous' and 'You toos' before dropping dry-lipped kisses on each other's cheeks in the hallways and parting ways to go to their separate classes over the last couple of days. It was a complete turnaround from their first week back at school when they had been ecstatic to find out that Alastair and Azazel had gotten in school suspension for another month after the holiday break because of what had happened at the winter ball; there was a rumor going around that Uriel had cried when Principal Naomi told him that they couldn't play baseball this year either.
It had been early afternoon when he woke up and he probably would've slept longer if it hadn't been for Dean trailing light kisses across his chest as the other boy mused aloud to himself about whether or not it was too late to make breakfast. Cas remembered murmuring something along the lines of it never was too late for breakfast before rolling over onto his stomach and burying his face back into his pillows with a muffled groan.
Maybe the whole thing had just been a misunderstanding, maybe Cas just had an early morning meeting or something that he had to get to and yea, it was a Saturday, but movie people did that right? Meetings over brunch and stuff like that. Maybe the other man had always meant to stay in touch with Dean and he had just gotten worked up over nothing.
Going to the bar with everyone else hadn't even seemed appealing, partially because the eagerness that Kevin had to try out his new fake ID that Charlie had minted for him on Sam's laptop before skipping back off into the slightly green sunset of Oz with Dorothy was just exhausting by itself, but mostly because he had no desire to see Cas get hit on or hook up with some drunk chick who didn't know the first thing about the angel. Meaningless sex had lost all of its allure after getting magiced into a dungeon the last time that it had happened and while Dean had no desire to try to start a family with someone after the whole Lisa/Ben fiasco, it didn't mean that he wanted to be alone for the rest of his short, violent, unpredictable life either.
They fell into Pam's empty, dark classroom that felt eerily silent without the soft French music the teacher usually had on playing in the background, Castiel firmly attached to Dean's neck as the smaller boy began to bite and suck in all of the spots that Dean liked best.
"I'm sorry?" Cas supplied confused, earning an endeared smirk from Dean and a shrug from Ash who had already started getting distracted by Krissy who was pretty much sitting in the other boy's lap.
Billie just waved away Dean’s compliment with a grin, “I know my stuff is not everyone’s cup of tea. I can see the appeal in the Cas’s pretty stuff.”
"I'm sure you already know," he replied emotionlessly, the only way he would get through this would be by forcing himself to be numb. Even though his chest was already aching from just thinking about Dean and he was already sweating because this was really the last thing he wanted to be talking about.
Too gentle and too sincere for Dean to do anything other than let out a short sob before tugging his husband down into the narrow hospital bed with him, heedless of his injuries and of the wires attaching him to the machines that were blaring his haywire heartbeat above him. He knew that there were probably a bazillion other things that Cas was going to want to discuss before all was said and done, sitreps to be filled out, and the watchful eye of Medical to escape from, but for now this was enough.
She had started the evening thinking that it would be easy to get Castiel drunk, if the man was anything like Dean described- all nerdy and innocent and sweet, then it was going to be a walk in the park to drink him under the table and have him spewing to her how he really felt about her friend. Why he had bothered coming back when he already had his out. What she had not been counting on was Castiel being from Boston and at least one quarter Irish on his mother's side, making him a force to be reckoned with when it came to alcohol consumption.
“Jack came to us while we were here,” Dean continued, pointing to the corner of the living room. “He took his first steps there, busted his face on that rocking horse mom had given us for him.”
The other patrons waited a beat before peppering Dean with polite applause as he ducked off the stage. Castiel on the other hand had cupped his hands around his mouth and was imitating a stadium roar as Dean approached.
He had been able to feel the bruises forming and throbbing over the last couple of days to the point where he could barely even open his left eye while every mouthful of over-cooked gas station hot dogs had made his jaw click and the skin pull tight and hot over the cut on his cheekbone. But even then he had resisted the urge to look at his reflection in one of the truck's mirrors because if he didn't see it he could still pretend that maybe this wasn't real. That maybe all of the damage that John had done was part of some overly elaborate hunger-induced nightmare that he would wake up from to find Cas cuddled into his chest with the smell of mint wrapped around the both of them like a blanket.
"Now, do you mind telling me what's going on with you?" Chuck asked without preamble as he returned his gaze back to Castiel.
"No," Dean replied, letting out a mirthless chuckle. He felt like he was going to throw up. "Just hurry, Meg."
Blood loss must be getting to him because Dean was starting to see things, there were an awful lot of cuts on his...well everywhere really. Shadows that shouldn't be there were coming through the room's one thin, barred window; flashing lights that used to be a silent call sign for a codename that only a handful of people at S.H.I.E.L.D. knew because its user had found that going by just his last name was equally intimidating to baddies and newbs alike.
The room was mostly empty with just a dark haired woman wearing sunglasses standing in front of one of the two windows in the room, arms crossed over her chest and muttering to herself. Castiel thought he heard something about angels and ghosts, but he didn’t want to eavesdrop so he just turned his attention to the two people who had their backs towards him on the couch. One had to be a girl with red hair flowing down and over the armrest that she was laying back on, Castiel could see a book peeking over the top of the couch in her hands and he smirked when he saw that it was a copy of The Hobbit. The other was a man with short, dirty blonde hair whose own head was titled up towards the television as he sipped a cup of coffee.
"Fuck, my hair is not going to get washed." Castiel groaned out, spreading his legs wider and planting his hands on Dean's thighs. The water sloshed around as the actor ground down purposefully on his dick, causing Dean to moan lewdly when he felt the engorged head of his cock catch on the rim of Castiel's entrance.
For Jo it was because she was had known the other boy for so long that half the time his protests didn't even register as words anymore, just an annoying buzzing sound that she knew would eventually turn into him tell her she was right and sighing in defeat. She lived for that sigh of defeat. For Ash it was because he had promised Cas that he would help Dean study for the SAT without making it seem like they were studying for the SAT; they didn't have a lot of time to prepare so he had been disguising math problems in the form of fantasy football speculation and trying not to act smug that the other boy was actually getting it.
Garth was clutching on to his side and wheezing from trying to hold back his giggles caused by the unhappy look on Adam's face. "Take her, Dean. Just make sure I get her back because I am so happy I got the sane one out of all of these chicks."
"I asked him," the other boy said with an apologetic shrug. "You've pretty much been his teacher's aid all year without getting anything in return. He said it was the least he could do for you. I bet Coach Wisdom would write you one too, if you just asked."
“Yea yea,” Gabriel muttered darkly, climbing out of the car and then watching with glee as Castiel fumbled past the seatbelt and out of the backseat with the grace of a blind one-legged penguin. “I’ve got some things to sign in the office here before I head to campus. Let me get a look at you before you go.”
"You can use my cards," Charlie offered, spinning off back down the hallway and leaving Dean and Castiel following more slowly behind her.
Castiel nodded and started trailing down the hallway, glancing into Crowley's room as he passed to see the other man sitting angrily on the floor right inside his bedroom door. When he saw Cas looking at him he smiled, waggling his eyebrows mischievously.
He nodded again and let the other woman put an arm around his shoulders, already feeling tired and beaten down by the day despite it only having just started. Castiel took another look around the office as he moved towards the door, trying to draw strength from the potted plants (even though part of him was wondering if Balthazar or Meg were watering the ones in the apartment, they probably weren't) and the cheery pictures and the various drawings hanging up on the walls like trophies of a life lived successfully.
The girl scurried away, head down and clutching her books to her chest. Dean watched her go with a confused look on his face and when he turned back to his friend for an explanation, Cas simply shrugged and started walking off towards their shared homeroom.
and that was Cas's voice causing Dean to choke on his own spit right now; Bobby shot him a suspicious look as he quietly finished the voice mail that he had been forced to leave for Sam and hung up his phone, reaching over purposefully to turn up the radio. "
"They could stay here," the actor offered softly, rubbing his scratchy, sandpaper stubble across Dean's shoulder blades in an absentminded way. "I mean, if you want. I do have three empty bedrooms just gathering dust and this way Sam doesn't end up sleeping on your couch or something."
Dean couldn't believe that his boyfriend had told his freaking therapist about last Friday. He had only found out that the smaller boy was seeing a shrink the day before when Dean had tried to make plans for them to do something after school today and Castiel had said he was busy. The larger boy had whined and complained about wanting to spend time with Cas until the other boy had given in and told Dean what he was really doing on all of those Thursdays that he had thought his boyfriend was spending time with Meg.
"Oh, he braids my hair and we stay up late into the night gossiping, Cas," Charlie teased, tossing the pillow she was holding onto at his face. "Mostly about you, but I'm getting off point here."
He pulled the other man up against his chest in a protective reversal of their positions from the first night they had spent together. This felt so different, so much better and domestic and perfect in a way that Dean hadn't known that he wanted until now. Castiel's hair tickled his nose when he leaned down to kiss the other man on the top of his head and he wordlessly snatched the glasses off of Cas's face, putting them carefully on his bedside table and just marveling at how fucking normal it felt to do little things like that for the actor. It probably didn't mean as much to Cas as it did to him, but normal wasn't something that Dean much of in his life since his parents died and while this still couldn't completely fall into that category it felt closer than anything else he had ever had.
"Call it intuition," Dr. Mosely replied. "I'm pretty good at being able to read people, I come back every weekend expecting to hear that Dean's run off to play doctor somewhere again and that boy is still standing despite how much I want to strangle him sometimes. Imagine my surprise when I find out he's talked one of my lifers into trailing after him for once. I thought that Charlie had lost her damn mind, pardon my expression."
"Yeah…" Gabe replied warily as Sam settled back on the couch and clicked the play button on the small screen of the laptop on the coffee table in front of them.
"I'm bad at them too," Dean admitted, abandoning his practically pulverized chicken in favor of the cup of red jello that was sitting on his tray. "Which, yea...I guess its weird that I suck at that stuff also. But um...actually I wanted to just talk some more. And um...if it's not weird maybe get you to pose for me?"
“I know,” Dean groaned, dropping himself into another chair and putting his head down on the table. “God, I know, Sammy.”
“Bite me, cum-stain,” Luc replied and Castiel rolled his eyes at the unimaginative nickname. He was willing to bet money that that particular gem had been Michael’s idea of a parting shot; not $100,000 of course, but at least a tenner or something. Castiel was pretty certain either way that he’d win it back.
"Oh," Dean said breaking eye contact with Castiel to look over at Charlie, his brow furrowing with confusion in what Cas was pretty sure the most adorable way he had ever seen. "Did I miss the big Cas reveal? Well, shit, I was pretty curious what your story was there man."
He found himself face to face with the guy who had been making balloon animals not even five minutes ago. A distant part registered that the man was attractive, like truly unf, but a more sane part of Dean realized that he was about to have his cover blown by a hot dude wearing rainbow suspenders.
"I have no idea what I would want if I win," Castiel admitted sheepishly, fighting the urge to just smash his face into his tray because since his body was getting used to eating again it was not happy with him that he had skipped lunch and then thrown up the remains of his breakfast. "So maybe I should just bow out gracefully."
"I think that Eve would consider it a favor," John sneered at her, feeling his stomach turn over when he thought about how he owed that pimping harpy a visit anyway along with Carlos who was used to seeing him every two months or so when the urge to give into the desires that made him hate himself got too strong to fight anymore. "Putting a useless, lying piece of snatch out of commission for her so that she didn't have to get her hands dirty, but no. I'm not going to shoot you, either of you."
though do we?" Jo interjected in a hurried whisper. "We. Don't. Know. And until one of us is able to talk to Dean about it we just need to go off the only information that we
"Well, then what am I shupposed to call you?" Meg practically screamed in the man's ear causing him to wince away as Dean laughed at him. "Casshteal, that's your secret name and your honey bunny glares at me when I call you Caz…Casssshh..fuck I've got this, when I can you CAS. James is stuffy, I don't like James."
The marks were pale and innocuous and, at first Dean thought they were shadows cast by the snowflakes stuck to the outside of the window, but when he moved to block the light they were still there, marring the perfect flesh of Castiel's shoulders and back. Lacing over the cute, scattered moles and freckles on his boyfriend's skin were thin, slightly raised scars that angled down into a sharp V at the base of the other boy's spine. There were so many of them and his mind unwillingly conjured up the image of blood sluicing down Castiel's back in angry rivulets that stemmed from the marks when they had been fresh and violently red.
"You gave me a back rub," Dean said smirking at him roughisly before kneading his thumbs into Cas's shoulders just above his collar bones. "Let me return the favor."
“And then there was Aaron and the Nazis, he was my gay thing. That dude was a total stoner; I mean who just gets a present from their granddad only to use it to toke up later? He and Andy Gallagher probably would’ve gotten along like gang-busters.”
There were a lot of reasons to ignore Dean when he said he didn't want anything for his birthday and everyone in the group had their own.
His younger brother left the sentence hanging like he was wont to do when he wanted Dean to explain something to him, but Dean figured that Sam had already done his own research on James Collins as well as Castiel Krushnic because that was just what the younger boy did now after walking in on Dean almost dead in their apartment all those years ago. Sam hadn't even been able to tell the cops what Alistair had looked like because he had never met him and Dean had been too spaced to remember his twisted date's last name so it just went into the Lawrence police records as a hate crime even though it was wasn't. Ever since the younger man had been hyper-vigilant about who they let get close to their small, battered family; going so far as to do a background check on Bobby's neighbor Marcy before giving their uncle his blessing to ask her out.
"Well, it wasn't me," the older woman said pushing Dean away with a wrinkled nose. "Cas and Meg went and got them for everyone before I was even awake. You stink, honey."
“I think you look just fine,” the other man says winking at Dean  before he flags down Jo and orders a Blue Moon, hooking his thumb in Dean’s direction as he does so. “And its on him.”
Dean intended to turn on his heel and march right back out, but it looked like some family member was already making their way towards Dean- a tall woman with short brown hair and a face that looked like it was meant to smile, which it was even if her eyes were not.
"Jesus fuck," Castiel groaned, earning a sharp look from Missouri who glanced up at the dying-moose sound he had made. "Why did you tell Michael?"
"Cas," Dean starred, his voice threatening to crack under the strain of trying to force air into his lungs. "I just...just answer the question. Please, Cas."
The last song, was sad. Dean couldn't say what it was about the song that just made him know before he even heard the first lyric this was it. This was the last little part of Castiel that he was going to get that meant something. After this he would have to deal with just getting the superficial aspects of a friendship that he wished was something more.
"Um...who is this?" Castiel asked warily, reaching down in an attempt to tug the cuffs of his borrowed sweat pants down again. He was going to have to change before he met with Dean later, not that it should matter, because he looked like a huge fucking dork with his high-waters on.
“As you can see, the boys have been nice enough to put together some outfits for you ladies for booty camp,” Gabby continued as Sam and Zeke rolled the cart to a stop a couple of feet away from the contestants before going to stand casually on either side of the host. All their muscles were flexed, so really...it wasn’t that casual. “And of course you’ll be wearing heels from my own line of Iron Angel shoes and bras from BreastForm.com because you can’t go to battle without a good stiletto and a pair of bazookas. Am I right?”
"Cassie!" Gabriel's voice brought him out of his revere right before the smaller man flung himself at him, wrapping Castiel in a rib crushing hug before his brother moved his hands up to cup his face so that he could search the younger man's face with a worried line creasing his brow. "God! I got a call from the hospital telling me that you had been admitted and you're in the psych ward. What the fucking hell is going on? Did you do something?"
“Evita?” the queen asked, swiping some fallout of the eyeshadow off Dean’s cheek with his pinky and casually wiping it off on his jeans before he leaned back to examine his work.
Cas sidestepped into the small bathroom and leaned heavily against the sink for a second after shutting the door; there was no way he could jerk off now. Not with Dean right out there and only the door to the bathroom separating them. He had no problems with being quiet, but he was sure that even he wouldn't be able to mask the tell tale sounds of his hand sliding over his cock well enough that another man wouldn't know exactly what he was doing in here. This was so much easier to deal with at home when he could turn up his music and Meg wouldn't ask him why he was suddenly flushed after coming out of his rom.
“I...uh, I got these for you,” Dean said, holding the flowers out towards Castiel with one hand and rubbing the back of his reddening neck with the other. “I um...I didn’t know if this was...y’know…”
Making it to his room and grabbing his study guide was the work of less than two minutes and soon Castiel had himself propped up on the tiny loveseat with his book sitting on his knees and a pencil for underlining things since he lacked a highlighter tucked behind his ear. The only noise in the room was his soft breathing and the muffled ticking of the clock that was above the pay phone out in the hallway; he'd left the door open so that he could hear the call for breakfast when it came, but besides that he made himself focus on the formulas and word problems in the math section of the study guide.
“Hey Cas,” Dean said thickly, his eyes closed tight against the tears that wanted to flow. “I uh, I know you’re not there, but just in case you are there I miss you like hell man. I miss you so much I can’t breathe. I wish--I wish I could go back and fix things so you were here.”
Instead of pressing their lips together like-Okay, let's be honest. Like Cas had hoped they would, Dean brought his face close enough that Castiel could feel the other man's breath on his cheek, the sting of stubble sliding in counterpoint to his own as Dean brushed his nose intimately across his jaw and down his throat until he settled his face in the crook of his neck with an almost pained sounding sigh. And it was nice, weird because he hadn't been expecting it but warm and just so...right.
"Or I could just phone up my mate at NPR and cut out the middle man," the director managed to get out around a yawn.
That made Cas's heart shoot up to his throat and he started banging on the door to the apartment again, crying and calling Dean's name over and over as frantic broken sobs wracked through him until what he was saying was almost unrecognizable as being a name in the first place. He couldn't stop thinking that if Dean were dead he would just die, there would be nothing left for him to live for and Gabe and Anna would be sad yes, but they had Sam and Kevin. They would go on, but how could they expect Cas to do the same if the other half of his heart, of his soul was missing? If Dean were dead, he was dead; there was no future for him that involved Dean Winchester no longer being in the world.
“Hey, it’s okay. I’m right here, I’m not going anywhere,” Dean whispers quietly, fitting his body back around Castiel’s with his face tucked into the nape of the angel’s neck.
Castiel's eyes flew open, pressing his cheek into the pillow under his head and seeing stars for a second until his vision cleared and he was looking at the drawing of the plastic mug. With it's tea bag and scattered sugar and circular rings of spilled liquid that had been drawn with such magnificent precision that for just a second he could almost picture the person that had drawn it; the crinkles from smiling and concentration at the corners of their eyes and their full bottom lip captured in their top teeth. But there was no way that that's who it could be.
"Take one and pass it back," the woman said in a bored, rehearsed manner. She paced the front of the room in easy strides, her restless movements at odds with the blandness of her tone as the heels of her black boots clicked sharply on the tile floor.
His friend regarded him with wide eyes and a forced looking smile before glancing over at the boy next to him who was watching Dean with a curious look on his face. It kinda reminded him of how Cas looked at him sometimes, but it was harder and something was off about it, but he couldn't really put his finger on what.
Dean's heart had started pounding in his chest again which was good because that meant that he wasn't dead, but that also meant that this whole nightmare with his dad didn't look like it was going to be ending anytime soon. He had thought that if he did what John wanted him to do with Lexi then the older man would let him go, consider him absolved of all of his deviant desires for Cas and maybe if he was lucky go back to ignoring him like John usually did. But was he willing to risk Cas's life by refusing to do something that the obviously unstable man with the firearm wanted him to do?
Lexi frowned at Benny, mostly because it had made her cringe when he had said that he had seen her interacting with other johns. How could he still want her after seeing her act like that? How could he be okay with the things she did to stay afloat on her own?
"You have kissed someone before, right?" Charlie asked in a worried way that had Castiel seriously questioning if the little bit of experience he
"Nothing," Dean managed to force out. Shaking his head to make the insecurities in his head well and truly go away. "You didn't do anything. You're perfect, sweetheart. I'm just...I love you."
Castiel sighed heavily and Dean felt the huff of air against his hair as the smaller boy pulled away from the embrace. He immediately noticed the cold that seeped in when Cas pulled back and he allowed his hands to slide down to his friend's forearms in an effort to keep him close for reasons he wouldn't be able to explain if anyone asked him.
“That’s very unhealthy,” Castiel admonished automatically. “We’ll schedule you for a flu shot when it gets closer to the fall, just to be on the safe side.”
"Yea, I could tell," Dean murmured, leaning in close so that his breath ghosted over the shell of Cas's ear . "You're really cute when you're jealous by the way. Your neck gets all red and splotchy and you're sarcastic as hell. It's fucking adorable."
She had given him a lot of shit though, about stopping his meds just because he felt better. Rachel said that meant that they were working and he had to admit that the voices had only popped up once or twice since he had gotten back on them. He had told Dean about the pills too, especially after he had began to hear the hatred spewing out at him for real from his classmates and he had fumbled with the bottle that he kept in his backpack at lunch one day when he had rushed to take his forgotten morning dosage in order to make them stop.
Dean nodded, swallowing past the lump in his throat as he mentally planned his escape. He was an asshole and this was it, this was the last time he crashed without doing his research first.
"Mmmmhmm," came the responding hum, sounding deeper and reverberating in his chest that he had pressed against warm body in front of him in a way that made him break out in goosebumps. "I'm gonna need some pizza, so..."
"Shhhh," Dean chided, his grip on Castiel's cheek becoming looser and softer, scrabbling for purchase against the angel' skin before it fell heavily onto his shoulder instead. "At least this way, I get to see you. You run pretty fast, Cas, but I don't think you would've made it for the curtain call this time. It's better this way."
For Dean though...Cas felt like he was already betraying the other man enough by indulging himself in a fantasy that involved Dean in any way, so if he was going to actually go through with this he was going to make damn sure it was worth it. Time limits and the possibility of someone walking in on him could be damned. With that decided he slouched farther down against the headboard behind him and shut his eyes, focusing on the sound of his breathing instead of the faint chatter that he could hear coming from the hallway and the dull throb of arousal that was still thrumming faintly in his veins even though his erection had started to flag while he was fretting himself out of doing this.
“Yes, Dean you have made it very clear how you feel about those things. As I was saying, there are a lot of places that people look for happiness, most of them are the wrong place. April was the wrong place for me to try to find it, but I was lonely and lost and she was so kind to me, Dean, I had no one else to turn to. I understand now why you have tried to find affection and solace in so many different partners, you were seeking comfort when you didn’t think you could find it with anyone else. You have been betrayed by myself and Sam and everyone else close to you so many times that it is hard for you to trust others.”
The first time that the other boy kissed him in the snow, straddling his hips and sliding a hand up to smush more of the icy coldness into his hair as the cold winter sunlight framed his head above Dean like a halo well, he would've been content to stay there forever. Even though the snow was melting underneath him and seeping through his clothes as they kissed lazily in front of the Novak house, causing him to shiver as the chilly water reached his skin.
"Oh, uh…this?" he stammered, stomach lurching when his older brother got up out of his seat to move closer to him and take his chin in his hand. Gabe studied the cut with a frown on his face that just got deeper and deeper the longer Castiel watched, so he looked at Sam instead, but the younger boy's expression wasn't much better. "It's nothing guys, I fell."
Cas didn't ask why they were there, just grabbed Dean's hand and led him into the room and back to the bed that he had been sleeping in before the two brother's knocking had woken all of the Novaks up. The few hours that Dean's arms had been wrapped around him, chest pressed snugly against his back as he tried and failed to sleep despite the sound of his boyfriend's deep, even breathing behind him had been enough to remind him that none of this was real. His real life was Dean and Lawrence and the family he had managed to piece together there, not the stranger with his father's face and the brother who had always tried to be the son that their parents had wanted him to be when they adopted him.
. His family has forbidden him from helping with any holiday meals, Cas isn’t even allowed to lick spoons or bowls since that summer he managed to get salmonella poisoning twice.
"You're super gross," Castiel muttered childishly, clambering to his feet and snatching his shampoo out of Charlie's hand with as much grace as he could muster. "I'm not hungry."
"It's not that," the actor mumbled, carefully picking up the tray of food that the two girls had put together for him. "I mean I guess it is. Neverending, if um...we never use them, bye."
Castiel smiled against Dean's mouth and parted his lips to allow the other boy's tongue in, teasing it suggestively causing the larger boy to moan on top of him and hurriedly push up the vintage band t-shirt that Jo had gotten Cas for Christmas, she had smirked when he had opened it saying that between him and Dean they had pretty much every musical genre covered in their wardrobe. Dean's hands were cold on his heated skin, causing him to shiver and convulse into the other boy's soft touches even though they always made him writhe no matter what temperature their bodies were.
"At Jo's party." Dean repeated sadly looking down at the sidewalk separating them. "So you did….see me with her. Do you know what I did after you left that party, Cas?"
“I don’t understand that reference,” Castiel moaned as he peeled himself off of the floorboards, rubbing his sternum from where he had somehow managed to elbow himself in the chest
Dean tried to reconcile how his room looked now versus how it had looked when the space had belonged to both him and Sam; he had been so intent on kissing Cas, lost in the perfect sensation of how his body fit against the other boy's that all of the changes probably would have escaped his notice until the middle of sex if Cas hadn't pushed him back onto the bed. He could tell that not a lot had actually been changed, it was all still the same furniture and his bed was in the same place, just it was bigger somehow now, but the way that everything had been moved around made everything look so different and adult and sophisticated in a way that he never would have been able to put together without Jo or someone helping him.
Not when he knew now that Dean was just as miserable about their falling out as he was. Not when he thought back to another party and how close he felt like he and Dean had come to having something significant before Gabriel and Sam had gotten their big, ugly faces punched in by some redneck assholes. Maybe he was still a little bitter about everything that had happened that night, but it was hard not to be when Dean looked at him and talked to him like he was something important. Like he was something worth giving everything up for.
Garth declined going, saying that his fake ID never worked for him anyway and he would just blow their cover when they tried to buy alcohol from that liquor store that always employed apathetic, stoners from the college. So Ash pried his friend away from where he had gotten surgically attached to Castiel at some point over the evening and made Dean drive them across town to get beer.
"You wouldn't dare," Dean replied, adopting an exaggerated frightened face before he addressed Castiel who did his best to look like he hadn't just been gaping open-mouthed at Dean's butt. He was just going to have to gouge his eyes out, that was the only solution. "Cas, I'll uh...see you later right? Seven?"
Cas luxuriated in the hot spray of water pouring down on him in the long communal showers of Lawrence High's locker room. His muscles in his back and arms ached pleasantly in ways that they hadn't in months and he smiled as he thought of how the mock rifles of the drill team members, painted black with striking red accents for the school's colors, had sailed high into the air the precision only slightly off since they weren't yet used to the timing of the routine that Sanz had created to go along with the songs that the marching band would be performing at half time.
"Better," Virgil said in an impatient, clipped tone; clicking his heels together sharply as he stopped in front of Castiel and gave his uniform a slow once over from head to toe. "Now, since you have my attention…"
"No, I'll do it," the redhead said with a sniffle, bringing up a hand to wipe over her eyes with the cuff of her flannel over shirt as she clambered to her feet. "You two stay here and make googly eyes at each other some more or something."
Angst is coming? Can you feel it? It's a lot like winter, you can sense it like a Stark and it just looms in the distance. I'm starting to look towards an ending for this part of the story, maybe somewhere like 30 chapters is what I'm shooting for. There will be a second part, hell there will probably be three parts to this monster because its my baby and I have to watch it grow up and go to college and disappoint me before I finally get grandkids out of the whole rotten deal.
After glaring at the green digital numbers of the microwave clock for a few moments, willing his buzzing brain to stop thinking of how long he could put off buying a new bed before Sam got permanent spinal damage, Dean had resigned himself to another sleepless night and settled on the couch with one of the dog-eared paperbacks that he kept on the side table. He didn't even remember falling asleep.
He looked around for who was calling his name as he made his way towards the employee area of the club where he could set down his jacket and keys before clocking in. He spotted his manager, Meg, a short no-nonsense brunette flagging him down from where she was standing with one of the bouncers going over the list of approved guests for the VIP area.
Cas didn't know how this was going to work once they were done filming the movie and he went back to Los Angeles. He had thought more than once about asking Dean to move in with him, to pack up his life and come live in his too big, too empty house that needed the personal touches of another person to finally make it feel like a home for the first time in five years. But it sounded crazy even to him, not that all of this wasn't already crazy to begin with. How fast he had fallen, how hard. And how even with the knowledge that everything that was fucked up about all of this was because of him and his stupid career, he still wasn't ready to give it up for Dean like he should be.
"Yea, kinda," Charlie answered, finishing the question that was hanging in the air around them with a shrug and a flip of her hair. "I mean, a cop tackled me to the ground before I could actually step out in front of the train or whatever, but still. Apparently I screamed and fought and scratched the whole way here, but it was the closest hospital and I'm told that that cop was super happy to have me away from him and his partner. I've seen them once since then, they came to visit me and take a statement and stuff once the city got involved and I got assigned a social worker again.
“Alright man,” Adam said pointing out a couple of spots on the paper. “I’m gonna need an emergency contact and then you need to sign here. I’ll call someone down to come and get you.”
"Get out," Balthazar groaned, his voice hoarse from sleep and probably the noises that Castiel had ignored coming from the upstairs portion of the house as he had started desperately Googling romantic gestures after Crowley had left him on the couch.
"Dining room," Sam said pointing over the heads of the people around them to where the alcohol lived.
"I don't either," Charlie continued, seeming unconcerned about the pained expression that Castiel was sure was on his face. "But there are a couple of people here who are really good, it's kind of fun to just screw around while they paint all serious and stuff. You should see mine and Dean's room; it looks like a kindergarten teacher's worst nightmare. Finger paintings as far as the eye can see."
Dean thought about reaching out to dust the snow off of the other man’s shoulders, but he didn’t even know the guy’s name so that would probably be weird.
It wasn't really. Castiel had spent the entire day on Saturday dubbing songs over onto a recycled tape using Gabriel's old tape deck and his enormous CD collection. He even had to go online a couple of times to download songs and then burn them onto a blank disc so that he could transfer them over. It was tedious and time-consuming, but he felt like it would be worth it.
He didn't really understand why she was so mad, it's not like he had ended up saying more than two or three sentences to the other boy over the course of Meg's party and any time Castiel had been anywhere near Michael, Dean had been right there glaring daggers at the boy and standing possessively close to the smaller boy. Cas smiled when he thought about how Dean didn't see especially shy about going after what he wanted and again questioned why it had taken his friend so long to just break down and kiss him. He supposed there was something to be said about Dean having enough honor to not want to come between Castiel and the girl that the larger boy had thought he was dating.
"Fantastic!" he knew that would make her happy. Rachel's expression turned suddenly serious and Castiel had a sinking feeling about where this was going. She always pulled this shit when she thought he was making progress. He should have lied to her. "Did Gabriel tell you that your father has been in contact with him?"
Gabriel nodded and pulled out his phone, quickly searching for and finding the closest delivery place and calling in an order for an extra large meat lover's pizza for himself and the two Winchester's and a small pepperoni and olive pizza for his younger brother because the other three boys all agreed that olives were hella disgusting.
And he knew that of course, she had waited him out once before and he knew that she was more than capable of doing it again. Only now their relationship was different and he wasn't being silent in an effort to spite her, just until he stopped crying and got his breath back so that he could apologize for bothering her. Because he couldn't tell yet another person how he had failed Dean, he couldn't take seeing the judgment in anyone else's eyes for how he had handled everything; it was just another reason on top of many reasons why he had yet to tell his friends everything.
Dean dropped Sam off at the public library planning to go back over to Bobby's house for dinner around 6, before heading to Ash's house over in the nicer part of town. His dad was a real estate developer or something, all Dean knew was that the guy had enough money to afford those douchey microbrews, but Ash still drank PBR.
He nodded, feeling as if he was watching the movement happen from somewhere outside his body. Dean took a cautious step towards him, letting go of the elbow that he had been holding onto this entire time and reaching out a hand to touch his shoulder when he moved in close. Their chests were almost touching, but the only contact he really had with the other patient was where Dean's hand was lightly resting half on his shoulder and half on his neck.
"Frottage, Cas?" Dean hissed at the smaller boy who just grinned serenely in response. "We're really just going to start bringing our personal business up in public now? It's bad enough that Bobby knows all about it."
Barb greeted him when he walked into the diner and he settled at the counter since he was by himself. He ordered a cup of coffee and texted Gabriel asking if he could come and get him when he had the chance. His phone chimed a reply from the other man a couple of minutes later that said the movie he and the younger Winchester were seeing had just started and it would be a while.
“You fucked up,” Sam said blankly, his arms crossed tightly over his chest as Dean shrugged off his jacket and draped it over the back of one of the chairs in the war room. “Like, you really really messed up, Dean.”
The man was younger, probably could actually qualify as a Doogie Hower, unlike the girl who looked to be about the same age as he and Balthazar. His green eyes were red-rimmed and watery like he was at the end of a very long shift and just wanted to get Castiel out of his hair so that he could finally go home. Castiel followed him into an examination room and the man started taking his blood pressure and pulse with practiced movements, so self-assured that Cas felt like a complete waste of space by comparison.
Cas gripped the back of Dean's vest and pulled him towards the bed, stumbling backwards over his own feet and ending up almost sprawled out on the floor in his attempt to seem like he knew what he was doing. Dean started kissing down his neck and fumbling with the buttons on his shirt and Cas was kicking his shoes off as the other boy gently pushed him into a sitting position on the edge of the bed before pulling back from the kiss, panting slightly and flushed.
"I've really got to go, Mr. Sanz," Cas began, shifting on his feet guilty as he shoved the last of his textbooks into his overstuffed backpack. "My brother is waiting for me."
"How could this possibly be good?" Dean barked, letting Meg escape out of the room with a mouthed 'Sorry' at him as he ran his hand through his bedraggled hair. "In case you haven't forgotten, Meg is just as gay as you are. How is it going to help your image at all to be seen out and about with a lesbian? And what if she wants to have her own relationship, Cas? What if she meets someone and you two have to do a big fake break up for the press?"
"Missouri Moseley," Castiel replied confusedly, frowning at a spot of paint on the wall that someone had been picking at while they talked. "You can just tell me and I'll tell her, actually she has like a list of things she needs to know, but I forgot it in my room. Hang on just a sec, dad I'll go get it."
"Forget about it, kid." The man replied gruffly, shoving two clear plastic boxes across the counter towards Dean. "Just get out already so I can go home."
"You haven't seen it yet?" Dean asked stepping out of the vehicle and giving it a fond pat before following Cas towards the door that led into a small mudroom that abutted the garage.
"No, that's not it," Dean mumbled, blushing a faint tinge of pink that Castiel would've missed if he had been following his own damn rules and not fucking staring at the other man. He was fighting a losing battle. "But um...let's play a game for it. If you win you get what I was going to give you and if I win then...um...I dunno, I get your sweater."
"It's fine, Cas." Charlie said, smiling warmly at him before gesturing to his room with a jut of her chin. "I'm just gonna go check on Dean, make sure he's okay. I'll meet you in the rec room in like, five minutes maybe?"
"Blech," Jo said waving her hands at the two boys until they parted with a soft suctioning sound. Several other students at a nearby table were looking at the two boys with expressions that ranged from horror to interest and all of the emotions in between. "Yes, we're all very happy that Cas has finally decided to grow a pair, but honey maybe keep your bragging about sleeping with the most sought after boy at school between just the two of you."
The silence was awkward enough that it was physically palpable and Lexi had to grit her teeth to keep from blurting out her name --her real name --for Benny just so that the other man would have one genuine piece of her, just fucking one. It felt sort of like a fair tradeoff for all the money he had paid all those times just to see her.
“Inside pocket,” Benny said dazedly, pointing at his coat that the woman was still wearing. “Prob’ly got a receipt or something in there to write on too.”
Once he runs out of memories they share, he starts talking about the stuff that Cas missed. About Sam being afraid of clowns and cupcakes that have tiny beating hearts in them and the alternate universe version of the angel who Dean had liked, but been so freaked out when he saw him dead in that dirty alleyway that he had had nightmares for weeks about Cas being stabbed to death. He shakes away the tears that well-up when he remembers that that actually happened very recently and starts to panic when the realization hits him that maybe Cas won’t be able to handle being on his own after all. He was only human for like three days before a baddie managed to track him down and kill him, fuck maybe this all was a bad idea.
"Tarantino." Cas said, his eyes flicking over to Dean for a moment before the sound of a gunshot brought his attention back to the movie. "I love this song."
He'd never told Mary what kind of man she was climbing into bed with night after night, even when it became just about sleeping and closeness and comfort when Bobby came to Lawrence and opened up the salvage yard and John jumped at his first chance to stray. Dean hadn't even been a year old yet and it wasn't supposed to have happened more than once, but he was like an addict. Looking for kisses that bruised and hands that pushed and moved him where they wanted him to be, flesh that was hard and rough that could take all of his anger instead of soft and yielding like Mary's was.
"Eight shots," Jo stated ignoring his first statement. She did not 'take in strays' she was friendly and she liked to help people, so what if those people usually reminded her of the sad puppies on that sappy ASPCA commercial. "And why were you late?"
"Give him a break, Gabs." Sam said taking the offered garment bag from the smaller man and then giving him an affectionate shove towards the bathroom. "Go get dressed, we're gonna be late."
He studied facial expressions for deceit, every muscle twitch just affirming to him that people were liar, lieing, liars. A forehead creased in concerned could be just as dishonest as a lie spoken out loud and a hug could be just as suffocating as hands wrapped around your throat. It had taken him all summer to become accustomed to the spontaneous embraces of Gabriel and the small, comforting brushes of Anna’s hand on his arm when she woke him from a nightmare.
together the night before, cuddled up in his bed while it played on his laptop and Dean had never seen it, but he liked it and picturing Cas as sweet, oblivious Guy was just so easy that it seemed like Hitchcock had written the role specifically for the other man; if Cas was older he could've been the original Guy and everyone would've been appalled that the remake was happening in the first place. But apparently Balthazar Roche was this amazing, revolutionary filmmaker who Dean had never heard of and the only question that he had seen floating around the internet was about whether or not he was going to do a cameo like Hitchcock used to do in his films.
Dean racked his brain for some excuse he could use to get Cas away from Meg. He probably shouldn't be interfering, but he felt all the way down to his toes that the other boy deserved something better than the short, dark-haired she-devil he was standing with.
"That," Dean replied, leaning in to kiss the other boy even though his own lips pulsed tenderly when they brushed Castiel's. "And we have to go rent some tuxes before they're all gone. C'mon."
Crowley stared at him dumbfounded, before dropping his gaze to his hands in the most defeated gesture that Castiel had ever seen the overly confident man make, shaking his head slightly. He heard the other man sigh heavily before moving past him to continue up the stairs to the dark red and black master bedroom that he had already deposited his bags in when he had first arrived, looking younger and happier with Balthazar in tow than Cas had seen the man look during their entire time together.
"I can just give you my credit card and set you loose on the internet," Castiel offered, sliding the lace down his hips and, Dean was pretty sure, dragging it over his hardened cock slowly, and purposefully all in an attempt to make him loose his mind. "Now will you take your damn pants off already and wash my hair."
But that couldn't be right either. There had been dishes in the sink when she got here and more in the dishwasher when she had gone to load the ones she rinsed, enough that it suggested that the actor could cook or maybe that someone had been cooking for him. She inner fan-girled just a bit at the thought of meeting James friggin' Collins's boyfriend, there weren't a lot of openly gay celebrities in America, not nearly as many as there were in Europe and Charlie didn't think there was ever any chance of her meeting Ellen DeGeneres because then she would just have to die of happiness.
Dean felt his dick twitch as the image of Cas kneeling in front of him, chapped pink lips wrapped tight around him as he thrust shallowly into the wet heat of the other boy's mouth floated unbidden through his mind, making him whimper because he had been thinking about how that would feel since the first time he had jerked off after waking up with raging hard on for the other boy only a couple of day's after Jo's birthday party. Back then he had felt like he was doing something wrong by putting Castiel in a position that would never ever happen, but now that Cas was his it was something he had really been looking forward to.
The cross examination by his father's defense was ridiculous, hinging completely around the incident at Lake Forrest that had injured him severely, yes, but Castiel had gone for a little over a week after that before attempting to kills himself. A week that he spent deprived of prescribed pain medication, starved and sleep-deprived by his father and brother until he had lost all sense of time when he had been locked in the basement. The torture, the resulting infection from the flail-induced wounds, the brain-washing repetition of the scripture that his father had battered into his fragile mind until he had croaked out a yes.
Castiel nodded quickly, knowing that his eyes were probably as round as saucers because sleight of hand was just another thing that he had never been good at as a kid even with all of the magic kits he bought at the joke shop that Gabriel liked to visit. "How did you do that?"
They hadn't gone out in public together yet and it didn't even matter to Dean because he was going to enjoy their pseudo-domesticity for as long as he could, learn as much about Cas as possible to that he had all of the other man's little quirks to hold onto when the time came for them to be apart. He had told Sam about Castiel, at least the abridged version; leaving out what Cas did for a living when his brother asked because it was just too weird of a situation and he was pretty sure that Sam would bring up all of the little nagging details about how this was probably going to blow up in his face and for now Dean just wanted to ignore it because Cas just made him so fucking happy.
"Go on," Dean told him softly, waving Castiel away with a bright smile on his face as he gestured to their two trays. "I'll take care of your tray; I'm probably going to end up having to do Ash's too anyway so it's not a big deal."
So when she saw the boys start to nervously situate themselves for a dance together, laughing when they couldn't figure out where to put their hands and Dean talking to Castiel softly as the other boy stared down at their feet, biting his lip with a look of concentration on his face, Naomi decided to hunt down Chuck and cash in on that dance that he owed her. She made a slow circuit of the ball room, stopping to ask Pam and Virgil if they had seen him and feeling fifty different kinds of disappointed when Uriel was eventually the one who pointed her in the direction of the hotel bar with a disgusted look on his face.
But Cas wouldn't do that to him and Dean felt safe enough to make love to the other man without fear of catching something because that's just what this was, love. In its most sincere form, uncovered and open and trusting to the point of stupidity probably, but that still didn't make him grab a condom before pulling Castiel back into another kiss, settling the other man's muscled legs around his hips before he trailed his lubed slickened fingers down to his partner's entrance.
Castiel couldn't decide which was worse, the way that his heart sped up when he felt the firm, sure grip that the other man had on his leg as he leaned some of his weight onto Castiel's knee or the way he couldn't seem to remember how to breathe for the couple of seconds that he felt Dean's fingers brushing against his cheekbones, bumping softly and carefully into his glasses before the other man sat back, smiling with his hand outstretched still to show Cas the precariously balanced eyelash that was sitting on his index finger. They were both bad, this was very very bad. Christ on a cross he didn't think he had ever been more turned on in his life, not even by Meg.
"My family has a box suite," Castiel said with a shrug, eyeing Benny who was watching the two of them with a look of disbelief on his face; shaking his head as he finished suppressing his chuckles. "My brothers and I try to catch a couple of games together every year. Isn't it a little bit unethical to invite your patients out for drinks after you've treated them?"
"Do you think that maybe you could write something for me?" Rachel asked, her smile faltering only slightly when Castiel hesitated before he shrugged at her again. "That's wonderful. It can be about whatever you want. This isn't homework or anything. It's just something that you can do when you have the time or when the mood strikes. Now, did you have anything you wanted to talk about today?"
Their old farmhouse was on the outskirts of town, away from all of the big gated communities and the suburbanized cookie cutter houses that John shied away from because they felt too impersonal and Mary hated because she thought they were bland and the backyards were tiny. Both of the elder Winchesters had grown up in Kansas, with yards that were flat and grassy; unfettered by fences and bleeding into the small groves of trees and creeks that they had played in as children. The closest neighbor was probably a half a mile away down the dirt road  and the mother of that family had already shown up twice bearing bundt cake and talking to Mary over coffee about their respective children; it was the sort of neighborly interactions that John knew his wife both missed and craved now that they no long lived in so friendly you didn’t lock your doors Kansas.
"We'll talk about it later, Dean," Castiel promised, trying to make his voice sound less defeated than he felt because it really was better if everyone was on the same page; Crowley, Dean, everyone. He really needed to call his mom.
“Well I rode my bike around for a bit,” Castiel said picking at his jagged fingers nails that he had taken to biting down to the quick when he was working on homework late into the night.
Dean waited on the bench outside the office for Castiel's ROTC meeting to end. Even though football season was over the group was still getting together on Fridays to talk about different volunteer stuff they were going to do over the rest of the year and having uniform inspections with Virgil. He planned on talking to Bobby about the whole thing so that he could work on cars after the shop was already closed, still get some hours in after taking Cas home from his meetings.
Dean weighed his options for a long moment before deciding he was well and truly powned. “Listen, dude. I didn’t realize this was a funeral for a kid okay. I don’t normally do this kind of thing. I’m gonna leave, just don’t make a scene okay?”
"No it's not." Sam agreed moving behind the older boy and placing a comforting hand on his shoulder. "But neither is the fact that for his whole life, Dean has had to act a certain way and talk a certain way so that people don't see the things that he's struggling with underneath all of the flirting and being Mr. All-American football guy. Everything that he has missed out on having because of how self-sacrificing he is has been because of me."
"Yea well whatever," the other man said waving him off, agitatedly before turning his laptop around so that the screen faced Sam, revealing a full color photo of his brother's best friend gazing adoringly at a scruffy looking, dark-haired man as they walked down the street hand in hand. "That chick blew me off, told me she was anti-dick and now she's dating some fucking movie star?! What the hell?"
"I gave Balthazar the invitation three weeks ago," Kali replied frowning deeply, she did not like his roommate at all. "I freaking hand-delivered it because Gabe had convinced himself that it would get lost in the mail otherwise. He said he would give it to you."
Dean glanced up at him suddenly, causing Castiel to jump slightly in his seat as he was snapped out of his thoughts about the other boy that were definitely straying towards more R-rated than brotherly areas. The rational part of him knew it wasn't possible; he had overheard a couple of the stories about Dean's colorful history with the opposite sex; a few of the girls in his Calculus class had been rather loud the week before when they had been talking about their exploits at various parties over the summer. He had snapped a pencil in half on accident when one of them, a curvy, pretty brunette had started going into great detail about how the freckles he thought made Dean look so innocent, weren't just contained to the other boy's face.
He reached out for the phone, cradling it carefully in the palm of his hand and melting a bit into his friend's shoulder when he saw that it was a picture of a bouquet of roses sitting on the marbled kitchen counter in the house. Charlie reached out and swiped a finger across her screen to pull up another picture of the card that had come with it:
God, Cas shirtless was something Dean thought he would never be able to get over. For the months that he had know him it had just been that one time that he had seen the other boy and Castiel had seemed pretty freaked out by the whole thing, maybe even then Dean was looking at him in a way that most guys didn't look at people they just considered their friends. He didn't know, but he figured that the attraction he felt for the other boy wasn't something that had just happened overnight otherwise he wouldn't be having as much trouble with getting over it as he was.
"I mean, Dean's always been pretty protective of his friends and stuff, but he's been able to keep his temper in check pretty well this time around or at least that's what I've been told." Charlie said with a shrug, glancing over at him and sniffling softly. "I'm sorry you had to see him like that."
I don't know if this helps anything. I want to please everyone, I really do, but I don't know what to do and Thanksgiving wore me out. I'm exhausted like physically and mentally and I'm bummed about BtR, so sue me. If this isn't up to par, I apologize for everything. I don't know what else to do. (God, I sound super depressing right now. Sorry)
"I bet you could make a baton look very macho. Dress it up with some camo and army boots and you'd be the hottest twirler out there. Girls would throw themselves at you." Dean said with a chuckle.
"Calm down, Dean." Sam sighed wearily from the passenger seat as he fished the last broken bits of a poptart out of the foil wrapper in his hand. "It's not like we aren't already late."
He looked back out of his doorway, stooping to pick up the dictionary and holding it in front of himself like a shield as he moved towards the back hallway that led past the rec room, away from the yelling and the confrontation that was making him feel panicky even though it looked like Garth and another older man with a grizzled beard and a trucker hat had the situation under control as they tried to calm the brunette down.
“Guys,” Charlie said benevolently. “This is Castiel. Cas this is Ash and Becky, you already met Dean this morning.”
"Thanks, babe." Dean said, green eyes roving over his face searchingly as he took a long drink of the beer and pulled him over to where Meg and Jo were dancing and laughing, clinging together and acting silly.
"Sylvia Plath, author, gassed herself in her stove," Charlie forced out around a mouth full of tater tots, muttering an apology for spewing bits of half-chewed diced potato all over the table in front of herself.
"I-it's Dean," he forced out, his voice cracking on his boyfriend's name as a fresh wave of grief and worry and guilt overtook him and made him sob as the smaller woman gently cleared away his tears with one of the sleeves of the hoodie that she was wearing.
Throwing on a mostly pointless black and white kimono jacket over the silvery purple hot pants and dark green vaguely shell-shaped demi cup bra that she was wearing allowed Lexi at least a little bit of anonymity from the evening’s customers who were now watching Abbie twirl around a pole as she discarded bits and pieces of the ‘naughty secretary’ outfit that she was wearing tonight. The bachelor party sitting close to the stage  and hooting encouragement at her seemed to be enjoying her coworker’s dance much more than they had liked Lexi’s awkward shuffle out of the mermaid getup that Eve had thrust at her. Sometimes it felt like her boss just lived to torture her in any way that she possibly could.
Castiel shook his head quickly, feeling his throat tighten at the thought of his dad or eldest brother stepping in to clean up his messes for him yet again. Just another school thing that he couldn't handle because he was too sensitive, too fucked up to deal with his problems like an adult should be able to.
"It's fine, Dean. Do whatever you want." He replied shortly and felt bad when Dean winced as it came out sharper than Castiel had intended it to.
"I'm acting childish?" Dean scoffed, disbelievingly. "Cas, you are the one who is over thirty and still hiding in the closet from the whole world. I did the whole coming out thing a long time ago and I'm still standing, it didn't ruin my life and it's not going to ruin yours."
"Ugh," Charlie said crinkling her nose at the two of them in mock disgust. "You two are just the grossest, like really you have no idea how you look right now. Anyway, you're both distracting!"
No, he and Sam were going to have to talk about this later, when the other boy wasn't fumbling with Gabriel's belt buckle and making that frustrated little huffy noise that Sam did when he was too impatient to wait for them both to get fully undressed, the one that just did all of the right things to the area below the older man's waist.
He collapsed on the bed next to Dean, being careful not to crush the other man who was still coming down from his own post-orgasm high, chest heaving as he dragged in deep gasping gulps of air. Castiel let a contented smile fall onto his face as he fell his pulse begin to slowly return to normal. His limbs felt heavy and his thoughts were pleasantly fuzzy.
"I knew it," Rachel replied sounding slightly smug in a way that was totally not professional or therapeutic in the slightest, but it was still comforting even if the other woman really knew nothing. "Take a 'me day', Castiel. And then maybe make that handsome guy of yours take you out somewhere nice this weekend so you two can talk about your future; just don't stress about the things that are out of your control."
Dean had read something once, a short story that ended with something like ‘for three months, a person sits and looks at you, imagining a kiss’. He had wondered at the expectation that the kisser had to feel as they imagined a singular kiss over and over until they had memorized what it would feel like, smell like, taste like leading up to the moment that it happened.
"I can take it, Cas. Just let go." Dean said his voice sounding raspier than usual before he took almost the entire length of Castiel back into his mouth.
"Garth says a lot of half-cocked bullshit," Bobby groused good-naturedly. "But I've been working with Dr. Mosely and her patients for long enough to know that she would have my head if I gave you that bag."
It also gave Castiel a month to start tying up his own loose ends, so that if things worked out how he was hoping they would he would be able to tell Dean about everything in his past without it being such a big deal.
“Call it what you want, it's still the hell shift,” Dean joked. “Hope we didn’t scare you off the night shift for good.”
," Charlie declared with a sneer and it took Cas just a second to realize that they were talking about what was playing on the television mounted in the corner of the room, the sound just a droning undercurrent compared to the rest of the noise in the day area.
Dean hadn't ever been dumped before so he didn't really know what to do with himself as he waited for Castiel to show up at his apartment. That had to be weird too, right? Cas had like, just told him that he didn't want him around anymore, just a couple of hours ago and now he was coming over to Dean's house for something.
He hadn't known it until just now, but Dean had come to live for the way that the other boy's eyes changed with his mood, ranging in color from a pale, almost nonexistent blue when the other boy was confused about something to a midnight navy when he would pull Dean in for a desire filled kiss. But now they were a flat, slate grey and the larger boy wished he knew what it was that made Cas feel like he couldn't trust him, because that's what it all came down to. Trust.
It was heartbreaking and breathtaking and made Castiel want to pull his hair out because there was no way that Dean could actually be looking at him like that; like the way that he knew he looked at Meg sometimes but only when she wasn't paying attention. Only Dean could see that he could see him and maybe that was the difference, the other patient wasn't afraid of getting rejected by everyone like Cas was. Maybe that was what made him so irresistible in the first place. Who the fuck was he kidding? Everything about Dean was irresistible.
"Go get cleaned up," John said with a dismissive wave towards the door that Dean figured was to the bathroom, dropping heavily onto the end of one of the beds as he scrubbed a hand over his face. "You look like shit."
Cas ran the fingertips of his right hand down the underside of his erection, brushing along the vein that pulsed beneath his skin and trailing lower until he could cup his balls to roll them softly in his palm, he let out a soft groan that he quickly stifled by biting his bottom lip. He continued his light, not-nearly-enough-to-get-off strokes as he started to paint the backdrop of his chosen fantasy in his mind; granted it was a familiar one. One that he had used with Meg only once or twice before on the nights when she and Balthazar had gone out to a club or party, his roommate's girlfriend looking sinful and desirable in whatever short dress or tight leather getup she was wearing. On those occasions she would ask if he wanted to come, but the offer wouldn't be genuine since she was already being tugged out of the door by Balthazar and waiting for him to pack away his homework so that it wouldn't get out of order would just make them later.
"No, the bad news is I can't find hardly anything about him online. It's like Castiel Krushnic doesn't exist. All I can find is a super retro Myspace page, which if this is him then the guy has terrible taste in music. Just fucking awful."
This particular summer had been maddeningly mundane, much like all of the others before it, but for some reason this summer, this last summer, had left Dean wanting. He had gone to the parties of course, the bonfires and the campouts with his friends, the sneaking into clubs in Kansas City a couple of times, and the subsequent hookups with girls from the college and other high schools in Lawerence. Their faces kinda blurred together, but Dean tried to soothe his guilty conscience for not remembering most of their names by telling himself that it was due to the alcohol and not some moral lacking on his part.
Dean had fretted at first about what he was supposed to tell people when Jo and Anna continued to try to set him up with every gay guy they knew in the bay area and had even made the meek suggestion to Cas that he should keep up the charade for everyone at the bar because Meg and for some reason Jess were the only two people who knew that he was with the actor and he trusted that they could keep their mouths shut.
He kept reminding himself that it was all worth it, everything he did to prove himself to his certifiably insane father that he was 'fixed' or whatever so that he could just get away and get back to Cas. Surely, he would forgive him; Cas had to forgive him because if he didn't then Dean would never be able to forgive himself. This already felt like the biggest mistake of his life and he had said as much to Lexi after he came, which had taken a while because even though his nerve endings kept saying that having sex with the call girl was nice and warm and tight like it was supposed to be when you had sex, biology couldn't override the memories of Cas and how his face had looked after just seeing him talking to Cassie that one fucking time or imagining how much worse the expression would be when he told the other boy about this.
"The one about facing up or down?" Dean asked seeing Anna nod slightly out of the corner of his eye. "Yea, but it was a cliff, not a building."
He texted Ash and then Garth to see if their friend had made it to the classes that he shared with either of them and got even more worried when the answer was no. He texted Cas for probably the millionth time that morning and didn't get an answer.
"Oh, scandal." The woman crowed, taking a dainty bite of the crepes she was eating and crinkling her nose a bit at the look on Castiel's face. "Relax, James. Patrick didn't spill your little secret, sometimes a woman just knows. Anyway, I am quite likely to be the last person who will judge you based on who you sleep with. I bet he's absolutely delicious, whoever he is."
"Liar," Castiel replied, picking up his glasses and putting them back on so that the expression of his agent came into sharp focus and finding himself surprised by how soft and forgiving it looked. "I know you're pissed that I didn't tell you, Crow—"
Rachel smiled at him brightly, unfazed by his behavior. She had gotten used to it over the past few months of working with Castiel and she knew enough about the boy from her conversations with his siblings and reading his background information that she did not take his desire to keep her out personally. It was normal for someone who had been through what he had been through to have trust issues.
He took the opportunity to study his friend while they were alone, giving him a once over from head to toe to try to figure out how serious Dean was about everything he was doing with Cas. How far exactly was Dean willing to go before the other boy decided it was too hard to fight for this relationship, that it was going to cost him too much to try to hold on to his family and Cas too?
"I know," She sighed looking off starry-eyed with a smile quirking her mouth before she shook herself a bit and focused back on him with a roughish glint in her eyes. "How was your night? Gilda told me she thought it was going to be pretty eventful. After complaining about needing an eye transplant for about an hour she said that you practically kicked them out so that you could ravage Dean."
Billie just raised an eyebrow and crossed her arms over her chest. “Are you alway this impulsive when it comes to putting something permanent on your body?”
The other man’s smile widens even further into an adorably gummy monstrosity before his expression gets suddenly serious and he reaches for his clipboard, clearing his throat in brisk, business-like way.
It was a low blow that she would use with other johns, a tease that usually made her mouth taste like bile and ash, but seeing Benny’s eyes flicker over her form before he blushed all the way up to his ears again made her stomach roil in a weirdly pleasant way.
He settled for keeping his mouth pressed there instead, feeling the heartbeat of the other man through his lips and around his cock and against his chest even though the sensations all started to blur together because his own heart was racing too.
Dean looked into the distance thoughtfully, pursing his full lips in a way that was only moderately distracting.
"I want to give you your Christmas present," Dean said softly, sounding uncertain and small in a way that Castiel wasn't used to hearing.
The queen gestured for Dean to sit in the director’s chair in front of the mirror as he popped open the extra large tool chest that he used to store his makeup in. Castiel busied himself pulling out several foundations as well as a few different eyeshadow palettes and brushes before he turned back to Dean who was watching the proceedings with an indulgent smile on his face.
"We've been back together for a year," the other woman clarified. "And your mom knew that, but the engagement thing just happened recently and I'm taking the ring to get refitted so that's why I'm wearing it at all. All those chemicals we use to clean the restaurant take the shine right out of jewelry; I can't even wear earrings anymore."
Charlie jumped and giggled when Meg poke a manicured nail into the other girl's side, schooling her features into one of contrition when Meg pulled an exaggerated frown of disapproval at her.
"He didn't tell you we were dating?" The boy asked trying to not let how hurt he felt seep into his voice.
"My name is Castiel Dmitri Krushnic! I'm from Boston, Massachusetts, my mom's name is Amelia and my dad's name is Charles, he's a third generation Russian immigrant who taught English literature at Boston College. My stage name is James Collins because I used to jerk off to James fucking Dean when I was a teenager and my mom's maiden name is Collins. My asshole, Scottish agent thought it would be easier for the idiotic American public to pronounce than my real fucking name!"
"Lisa told him to draw something that inspires him," Charlie explained beside him. "And since you got here, that's been stuff involving you."
"I'm shorry, Naomi." Chuck slurred, leaning into her with his arm around her waist as she led him towards the elevator, intending to take him home because it's not like she hadn't done it a million times before.
"I'm fine," Dean gasped holding onto his knees and waving the smaller boy away. "Just need a second…or maybe a minute."
Kevin rubbed his wrists experimentally and winced when he put pressure on them. "I just don't see how I'm ever going to be as good as you two are."
Castiel nodded his head quickly and pushed back against Dean's fingers that had started scissoring inside of him, still moving way too slowly when compared to how he normally fucked himself onto his own hand fast and hard in order to just get off and then get on to whatever else he had to do.
The lawyers' questions had been brutal, their own attorney had warned them that their father's council would be merciless, trying to pin the motives for why Castiel had tried to commit suicide on depression over what had happened at Lake Forrest instead of the mental abuse he had suffered from his father and Raphael after they had picked him up from the emergency room that the school nurse insisted he be taken to.
He grabbed his duffel bag containing his swim trunks and a change of clothes out of the trunk of the Impala and headed around to the back of the house through the side gate, knowing from experience that it was the best way to bypass Mrs. Lindberg and whatever knew crazy hobby she had most recently picked up. Last time he ventured through the house Dean had been cornered for twenty minutes while Ash's mom had shown him what macramé was and why it was so adorably practical.
She stopped to talk to him on her way out of town, to blame him is more like it, for turning John into this person who couldn't be happy about anything anymore and for making him hate his own son because he saw something in Dean that he had seen in himself when he and Bobby used to hold hands and skip rocks in Sioux Falls, not realizing that it wasn't something that little boys did with each other until John's mother had gently admonished them for it. He realized then that she had known, had probably always known about him and John, but had been willing to overlook it for the sake of appearances so that her kids could have a semi-normal family, something he knew Mary had lacked growing up just like he and John had.
Dean tried not to be disappointed, Cas must be who the unsigned artwork belonged too and it was much more intriguing than the stark tribal pieces the woman seemed to favor.
"Sorry guys," Dean said with a yawn. "I must have been more tired from practice than I thought. So Ash I'm giving you a ride home right?"
"Yea," the larger boy admitted with a shrug, looking down at his feet shyly. "But I haven't seen you do the whole thing in your uniform."
She cleared her throat and suddenly the woman was all business again, hoping that if she kept her trap shut maybe her boy could still save face and salvage his date. "What can I get you crazy kids?"
"You're still meeting Dean, right?" Charlie asked, biting her lip anxiously and fiddling with a strand of her hair that had come loose out of her bun.
Castiel ignored the voice and continued his observation, his brow furrowing in concentration as he studied the newcomers face. It wasn't that pretty.
That's why his therapy sessions with Rachel were so important, he needed to show that the problems he was having now with anxiety and trust and mood swings were caused by his father and not because he was a victim of homophobic bullying at the hands of narrow-minded underage rugby players.
The older man headed towards the kitchen and helped Rufus gather up some leftovers to take over to John, which after so many years of Bobby watching the older man get drunk during the holidays by himself it was going to be strange to have their old friend there to keep things from getting out of hand this year.
Castiel tuned her out, his fingers tapping an agitated rhythm on his desk as he observed the newcomer,
She led him up to the table where Dean was sitting with the blonde girl, Becky and another boy with a dirty blonde mullet and thick black riding gloves on. Dean looked at him warily as he approached, licking his lips and tugging on the ends of his long-sleeve undershirt until it was hooked back over his thumbs from where it had been pushed up slightly on his forearms before. The boy’s green eyes fell to his own forearms and Castiel glanced down self-consciously, scratching at the bare skin there absently before he looked back up to smile meekly at the assembled group as he took the seat next to Dean that Charlie had pulled out for him.
"Hmmm, I'll buy you some earplugs," Castiel said, tossing the condoms back towards the bowl on the counter, wincing when one bounced off of his agent's forehead. "But I don't need these."
“Of course!” Dean gushes, earning another gummy smile as he takes the pen and clipboard from the other man and signs his first and last name with a flourish. “I honestly can’t believe that the college doesn’t already have a GSA…”
"Bit of an understatement there, Dean." Charlie muttered, stepping forward and slinging an arm around her roommate's shoulder, nudging the still dumbstruck Cas out of her way as she went. "Come on, I'm starving and this early morning emotional rollercoaster shit is getting old. Let's get back to normal, right Cas?"
When the fast song ended, most of the couples left the dance floor and Castiel cursed the rest of his classmates for being cowards just like him when it came to slow dancing. Most of the evening the floor had only been half full of swaying, spinning couples when a slow song played and even though Dean had danced every single one of them with some girl or another, his boyfriend seemed more enthusiastic about getting his feet trampled dancing with Cas than he had all night. He let the other boy pull him towards the center of the dance floor in between songs, marveling at how the fairy lights still managed to pick up the freckles and the vibrant green of Dean's eyes.
"Well that's what I'm working towards," Dean muttered, huffing up the last few feet of steep San Francisco hill to the bus stop. "Just...make sure he gets home okay? And tell him that I just need some space for a bit. And that I love him. OH! And tell Crowley he's a fucking meddling asshole or an enabler or whatever. And I might just punch that fuckwad Roche in the fucking nose because I swear on all that's holy-"
"You didn't ask," Castiel replied drily. He turned back around in his seat and placed an ear bud in his ear.
The other man sighed, scratching an ‘X’ onto the map over Oakley since he had just finished scouring the small town’s two whole hotel rooms for any sign of Dean or John. Bobby sighed heavily and rubbed a hand over the week’s worth of stubble that he had grown while driving literally all over Kansas looking for his nephew before sparing a glance towards the clock on the wall above the truck stop’s outdated and broken jukebox.
"Hell yes, dude!" Garth yelled climbing over the back of the couch and snatching the boxes out of Cas's hands. "I haven't watched these in like two years."
But that had only happened once in the time since they had started having sex and it had been awkward with Dean hitting his head on the edge of the nightstand next to his tiny bed and Castiel getting all tangled up in his button-down shirt when he had tried to pull it over his head without unbuttoning it. He figured that with enough practice the finer points of having spontaneous sex would get easier and Castiel was more than willing to practice as much as possible before they had to go back to school after the first of the year.
"Oh my god, the eye fucking!" Charlie exclaimed across from him, making Castiel jump a bit in his seat. "Ash your turn, that level of eye sex gets you skipped, Cas."
"You mean? Oh. OH! Right I guess you don't know, Dean." Charlie covered quickly, leaning forward out of the larger man's reach and pulling her hair over her shoulder. "Well, it's nothing never mind."
Dean hadn't watched the seventh season yet, but he had made a point to go out and buy it as soon as it had hit the shelves. The primetime medical drama was pretty much the only series he followed religiously and he had been watching it since it had first come out when he and Sam were still living with Bobby.
He forgot about his dad and how horrible and lonely it had been without Sam there to provide dry commentary about John's alcoholism whenever they stumbled through the door. Forgetting about the distinct possibility that Cas could leave him when he went off to school and forgetting that he had seriously been considering packing up and following the other boy wherever he went because Sam had Gabe and didn't need him anymore, not like Dean needed Cas.
Cas tried not to glance into his friends' bedroom as he passed, but it was like a reflex. His neck just turned without him even thinking about it and he pushed down the instant disappointment that he felt when he didn't see Dean sitting on his bed inside the space, just a couple of scattered pens and pencils on the bed that his friend had been lounging on earlier and Charlie's copy of
"It's more complicated than that ma," Castiel said gently, smiling widely as Dean ushered Meg and Charlie onto the cable car ahead of him before grabbing onto the nearest pole next to the seats the two girls picked; he followed suit and ignored the pointed way Charlie cleared her throat when he allowed himself to sway into the solid wall of Dean's side as the car started up the next ascent. "You're going to see some stuff in the gossip rags, but I'll call you when I'm in a place where I can talk about it more. Long story short, I think you're really going to like my girlfriend."
"You can't just take my insult and turn it back around on me," Castiel mock argued, stepping out from behind the door frame so that he could catch Dean's hand and hold it where it was hovering over his cheekbone. "That's not how it works."
He stopped praying to angels in general, because obviously they weren't fucking coming and started praying to Metraton; reminding him that when he took his grace he told him to live his life to the fullest so that when he came back he would have a new story for the scribe, one that had never been written before. One of an angel fighting against everything for his human and all the sacrifices he made to be with the man he loved. He threatened Metatron in his prayer, telling the sadistic assbutt that if he let Dean die without giving Castiel a chance to save him one last time, that he would sooner cut his own tongue out than tell the other angel even a bedtime story.
"Aren't you?" Cas interrupted, turning away from watching his boyfriend let the tarty girl he was dancing with rub her hands all over him. "You're in love with my sister and you aren't fooling anyone about it. And she's here with your best friend. It's got to hurt, Gilda, pretending to be happy when it's killing you inside to watch them together. To know deep down that you aren't really what they want."
"I don't know, Meg!" he snapped, running a hand through his hair. Did Cas lie to him? Yea, he had been scared that the man had been too good to be true, but he thought that the other man was better than that. That their night together was more than the deceit that made up most of his encounters with other guys. "I just...I don't know, alright. Just...fuck...just play the show or something. Until I figure all of this shit out."
Beyond the fact that Castiel was a gorgeous, funny totally out of his league and unattainable movie producer with the most intense blue eyes he had ever seen and Dean couldn't stop thinking about how when the other man had touched him it had felt like his skin was on fire in the most amazing way possible and when they had kissed it had been enough to make him forget about any other man he had ever been with.
"You made a wise decision, Winchester." Castiel said lowly, kissing his neck on the tender spot that Dean could still feel throbbing duly in time with his pulse where Castiel had been so intent on marking him earlier. "I can be very impatient."
"Who's going to drive?" Castiel asked, pausing before he popped the top of the bottle and doused his hands with it.
Dean stopped at the end of the hallway in front of a row of windows with the same thin metal wiring strung through it as the front doors, gesturing dismissively at the room inside.
"I didn't say you could touch yourself, Dean." Castiel moaned with a little huff that was probably meant to be a laugh when Dean responded by grazing his teeth along the other boy's length again.
"I was going to say," the doctor began slowly, reaching for his bag and dragging it across the desk towards herself, pulling papers and pens with it that were trapped under the heavy grey fabric of the bag. "That you can pick one thing out of this bag to take with you to work on. Every time I feel like you're making genuine progress you can have something else. Whatever you want to do with what you pick is up to you, but if I find out that you're skipping groups or meals to work on homework it all gets locked back up in this office and you don't get to touch it until you leave. And no getting your brother to bring in more school stuff for you, what's in this bag is what you have to work with, nothing else."
"I didn't go because I'm not gay, Charlie." Castiel said defensively, shaking his head more at himself than Charlie because if he liked Dean and his heart was speeding up at the thought of Dean maybe, potentially liking him for real then what did that make him? "And what about the drawings? Missouri has one in her office signed M.W. Last time I checked it's pretty hard to confuse an M with a D."
His blue-haired lady friends really liked Dean, they said he reminded them of Clark Gable, but Cas secretly thought he looked more like a young, lighter haired Elvis; a sentiment that both embarrassed and elated him because he had had a crush on the crooner from pretty much the first time he had seen
His father was manipulative and full of twisted ideas about religion that just helped him justify how he had treated him, but Castiel had gotten away and so had Gabe and Anna; he couldn't imagine having to live with hearing about how horrible and wrong his lifestyle was every day. Cas was happy that Sam was safe and that his own brother wasn't trying to stick up for the younger Winchester anymore against a man that was not only twice his age, but more than twice his size, he just wished that Dean would see reason and get out of a bad situation too while he still had a chance.
Of course Cas didn't know any of that because he hadn't told him, but goddamnit his boyfriend should just be able to tell how much it sucked just being him and his dad in the apartment. Only now it was just him because John had gone out of town for an undetermined amount of time on a big construction job, leaving behind a note that just told him not to burn the house down. Like he was a five year old who couldn't even microwave hot pockets without starting a fire.
"Can I just stay here?" he asked, hesitating at the end of the hallway that led back to Meg's bedrooms and bathrooms that eerily mirrored Dean's own sparsely decorated, torn up unwelcoming apartment that had only just started feeling like a home that maybe both he and the other boy could share together. "Just for a bit, I won't be in the way. I just…I want to be close if—when Dean comes home so I can talk to him."
"You're going." His older brother said firmly, tossing down the cotton balls in his hand and moving to grab the costumes he had rented for himself and the younger Winchester to wear to the Halloween festivities that they were attending. "I'm tired of seeing you moping around here hiding away from having normal, teenage experiences. You're allowed to have fun and date and act crazy every once and a while."
He had come in from the cold balcony to find Dean and Becky having what looked to be an intense conversation over near the bed so he had taken up a spot on the couch next to Jo and Adam who were cuddled up together looking tired and idly flipping through the millions of channels on the hotel television. Castiel hadn't seen Ash or Krissy in a while and just assumed that they were off somewhere making out because it wouldn't be the first time the couple had disappeared without telling anyone where they went.
Even though they were back to spending time together, Dean wished that he could have more and he knew how selfish that was. Thursdays were for Meg or at least he thought they were because Cas always seemed to have plans on those days and couldn't hang out even though Dean had managed to work up the courage to ask him over to his apartment one time under the pretense of needing help with his Algebra homework when really he just wanted to have that mental image of Castiel in his living room, sitting on his couch or laying across his bed on his stomach with his feet kicked up behind him and his nose buried in a textbook.
"Well," Cas replied fidgeting under her intense stare, feeling guilty and sick because he hadn't even looked twice at the college admissions applications she had given him since he had shoved them into his desk under a bunch of random CDs and sharpies. "I didn't really plan on going to college so I thought it was just kind of...pointless?"
"Cas has an aisle seat, I doubt he'll get very far." Dean sighed, relieved that even if his boyfriend couldn't message him or reach his phone that at least he wasn't dead or something somewhere.
"Of course," he said moving up behind the other boy to help Castiel with the elastic straps that held the wings on his arms.
Castiel crept into the house, ready to be assaulted with all kinds of wild stories that were probably mostly true about what had happened to make Anna mace three frat boys. It was eerily quiet and he followed the soft noise of music to find Jo and Adam curled up on the couch in the living room, watching a movie with sleepy eyes. Ash was sprawled out in a nearby armchair, still clutching a can of PBR in his hand as he snored open-mouthed with his head thrown back. There were several people he didn't know spread out on the floor with pillows and blankets, snoozing in a gentle alcohol-induced slumber.
The other man was now wearing a dark gray Henley with the sleeves pulled down and hooked over his thumbs along with a pair of jeans and a pair of laceless brown boots, but that wasn't what drew Cas's attention because he was chock full of hormones and sexual frustration and bad fucking luck. Dean's jeans had to be being held on my sheer force of will because the hipbones revealed by the other man raising his arms to dry his hair certainly were doing anything to keep him from falling down. In fact, Dean's jeans were riding so low that Cas could see belly button and a trail of blondish-brown hair that led down to the waistband of what had to be Dean's boxers and so much freckled tanned skin it should be illegal.
"Did you tell her I was in here?" Castiel choked, feeling his heart pretty much stop because there was no way that Meg would ever want him if she knew that he had tried to kill himself; she didn't even know that he had been on anti-depressants, she didn't even know that he was depressed at all. "Christ, did you tell Balthazar?"
Castiel kissed him hard, grabbing his face and pushing his tongue past Dean's lips without preamble until he was exploring every corner of the bartender's mouth like it was the last uncharted corners of the universe. Dean melted into his chest, gasping when the actor pulled away and then jumping when Cas smacked his towel covered rear firmly and pushed him towards the bed.
He wished he was the kind of person who could just be spontaneous like that, act on whatever thoughts he had just because they felt right or good or whatever, but he was more the freak out and faint kind of guy. Especially if how long he had spent fantasizing about the drunken, close mouthed kiss on the lips that Meg had given him on New Year's Eve was any indication of how pathetically inept he was about know when the timing was right to do anything.
"Isn't that what you wanted?" Castiel asked his brow furrowing in frustration. "Isn't that why you asked me to stay?"
"Yes, yes you did." The smaller boy said shaking his head to try to rid himself of the memory of his friend calling the girl beautiful when he had walked in on them. "At Jo's party."
It had been bad enough to startle him awake in the last couple of minutes of the movie, but he had kept his breathing even and steady, his eyes cracked just enough that he could see that Castiel was still sitting in front of him, was fine. He didn't know when he had reached out to grab the other boy protectively but the feel of the other boy's warm skin was enough to calm him down. He could smell the clean, minty scent of Cas's shampoo and wondered if his being so close was making his friend uncomfortable.
"No," Meg said jumping back up and heading for the man's bedroom where she knew he kept his laptop. "I'm not going to let you be all mopey over this. Ugh! Dean, have you been drunk all morning?"
No one had to know. It could be his forever, indulgent secret that helped him get through the rest of his miserable life with just the memory of Dean's smile and his freckles and his amazing, iridescent eyes. Surely, Dean would come to his senses before too long. Cas just hoped the other man would look back just as fondly on his memories of him as Cas one day expected to look back on the time he had with Dean, however short it ended up being.
“Well, anyway,” Jody continued, looking over Dean’s shoulder as another few mourners milled into the room. “Please enjoy yourself and have fun.”
Dean nodded quickly and cradled the boxes against his chest before dashing back out to the still running Impala where Sam was waiting with that self-satisfied little smirk on his face that made Dean want to put Nair in his shampoo all over again. See how Gabriel liked his little brother when he was bald and not even in a badass Samuel L. Jackson kind of way.
“I’m just not hungry.” He replied watching as she stuck her tongue out at the creepy little girl and dug around in the packaging to pull out the M&Ms that were lurking inside.
That last part was true because he did keep calling Dean, listening to the voicemail message that his boyfriend had breathlessly recorded while Cas had been tickling him one afternoon when they were supposed to be studying, before he hit the end call button, counted to a thousand, and called the other boy again; praying each time that Dean would answer and sinking further and into the dark every time he didn't.
The larger boy pulled back enough that he could press his forehead against Cas's, who was watching him through half-lidded eyes as he stroked them together expertly, closing his eyes entirely when Dean ran his thumb over the other boy's jaw reverently as he grasped and tried to stammer out the words that just kept eluding him.
A small part of him had wanted to stay, but drawing and painting just reminded him of his mom and Castiel hadn't even been able to turn around the painting that she had done for him on his eighteenth birthday, the one full of spastic paint splatters with a body only vaguely painted in hunched over a piano. He had told his mom that the painting looked like music felt and it was one of the last good memories he had with her before she had started to get sick. The painting was still turned towards the wall in his bedroom, above his dresser that faced his bed because looking at it hurt, but he couldn't bring himself to take it down.
“Castiel Shurley,” The guy said, scrubbing a hand over his face and looking at him unenthusiastically as he moved to follow, fumbling with his bag in his haste to make his way across the room as quickly as possible.
"Awesome," Dean breathed, turning back to engage Charlie and Becky in conversation again; the hand that had been resting on Castiel's shoulder sliding to the back of his neck and Cas felt the other man's fingers toy with the hair at his nape.
"It doesn't really come up," Dean said wanting to change the subject. He did not want to talk about those other girls with Cas, felt like his friend deserved something more than hearing him rattle off a list of his conquests. "My mom and I used to go out and look at the stars. That's how I know so much. Sammy and I kept at it for a little while after she left, but then you know we grew up I guess."
"You're the one that said I was a movie producer, Dean! I just said I worked in film. I wanted to tell you, but everything with us just happened so fast and it didn't seem important at the time."
"Boy yer like a garbage disposal," Bobby groused seeing the boy take a bite out of the piece of pie he had been saving for Dean's father the next time John ended up passed out on his living room couch. The two older men always used to joke that pie was the best cure for a hangover. "Here's the stuff you asked fer. Just don't mess up my gun. That's an antique, worth more than yer sorry hide and Sam's combined."
"That's ridiculous," Castiel muttered, rolling his eyes at Meg before pointing Adam in the direction where he had left Dean and Jo. "Of course I'm going to come back, my entire life is here."
want to hold Cas, but it would've been enough for him because everything with the other boy was just so perfect and he was so happy that he didn't need sex to make it better.
“Dude,” Dean said with a huff, shaking out the stiffness in his hand that had been carrying the trash can. “There’s got to be better ways to stay warm.”
So they kept their relationships with other people at a friendly, distance. Close enough that asking for help wasn't unexpected by the other party, but not indulgent to the point that someone other than family (which included Bobby, Jo, and Ellen by default since they had been privy to the downfall of John Winchester from the beginning) would become emotionally invested enough to want to save them. And yea, it had been hard.
From the glimpses that he caught of Sam towering over the rest of his classmates in the hallway that held the lockers for the juniors, it didn't look like the younger Winchester was faring any better. Sam was barely speaking to him at home, but when he did the words had finally stopped feeling like stinging rain against his skin when they fell from the younger boys lips so maybe that was an improvement.
He slunk into the bedroom and set the food down on the coffee table that Bobby had next to the bed, taking a second to look down fondly at Cas who had sprawled out on his stomach in the empty double bed, scooping the pillows up under his head with the blanket having slipped down to the small of the other boy's back.
"Don't worry about me, dad." Castiel protested softly, his father was avoiding telling him something. He was acting just like he had when Amelia Shurley's test results had come back, leaving his children to speculate to each other while he tried to shoulder the burden of his wife's illness alone until it became too hard to hide anymore.
“Sure thing, hon,” Ellen says, grabbing one of the restaurant’s water glasses from behind the bar and briskly making the beverage. “Get many signatures this morning?”
He smiled at the outlandish neon green headscarf that she was wearing, it had been her favorite for a reason that none of them could understand. This was a good dream, after the hell his day had been he deserved to have a good dream.
"Hey Gabe," his regular waitress, Barb, said sidling up to the table with a wide smile on her face. "Where's that handsome brother of yours?"
Jo looked up from where she was smiling stupidly at something on her phone, probably some lovey-dovey message from Adam and considered the question for a moment before shaking her head.
So it's no surprise that he gets caught staring by the other man as he’s lowering his glass back down to the bartop, an arched eyebrow and a rueful twist to his mouth being the thing that finally makes Dean blush with self-recrimination. God, he’s probably just seriously creeped this guy out.
It was tempting, but he was already half hard just from touching Dean and sitting in the other man's lap would just be too much contact and warmth that he wasn't sure he could handle without trying to kiss Dean or at least letting out a very wanton whimper. So he settled himself on the floor with his back against the chair next to Dean's legs as he carefully placed his book on the scarred coffee table that Ash had his feet propped up on.
Ash hadn't let the fact that he was considered a genius phase him. He had still liked Pokémon and all he really wanted for his birthday was a skateboard, not the chemistry set his dad spent a whole paycheck on. He never felt different, at least not until his parents tried to send him to a magnet school in the fifth grade and separate him from the small group of friends who helped calm the buzzing mess his head usually was. So, he had sat himself down at mom's computer and deleted all of the records that contained any mention of test scores. He then forged some less than glowing letters of recommendation from his teachers and doctored his past report cards so he just seemed above average instead of genius. Thwarting his parents had taken him less than an hour, but to this day his dad still had trouble looking him in the eye.
As a rule, Dean didn't talk to Becky about the stories she wrote. He avoided any references to Buffy or vampires or watches because even that eventually got back around to Watchers and Spike giving Giles blowjobs in a mausoleum while the rest of the Buffy crew was running around staking baddies. The whole gay aspect had never bothered him and now that it actually had some relevance to his life he kind of regretted marking all of her emails as spam for the last six years.
"Of course man," Dean said with a smile, searching through the cabinets until he found the pans and utensils he would need to try to replicate Bobby's burgers. "Just uh...if you'll get the patties together I'll go light the grill and Cas will get all of the fixin's carved up for us, right sweetheart?"
“Uh, yea photograph,” Dean sang, turning his attention to the small monitor that was scrolling through the lyrics of the song that Dean had been dared to sing by the other man. “Everytime I do it makes me laugh. How did our eyes get so red? And what the hell is on Joey’s head?”
"I'm going to come back, Dean." Castiel muttered into his ear, kissing and nibbling at his neck, rolling his hips down against Dean's as he went causing the larger boy to groan softly and run the flat of his palm up Cas's back to press between his shoulder blades. "I won't leave unless you want me to."
Dean shrugged and reached out a hesitant hand towards Castiel’s unopened bottle of water that was sitting on his tray. “You mind if I have this?”Castiel shrugged mutely in reply, still struggling to catch up to what was going on around him. “You could do worse, Jo. Kid is on the baseball team and he’s pretty good. I think he does ROTC also. You do that, right Cas?”
Castiel’s mouth quirked where it was pressed against the other man’s skin before he closed his own eyes and turned his focus to the beating of Dean’s heart, listening to the rush of precious, delicate life and wondering how anyone could bear to be without it.
Dean sat down heavily on the bed and Meg shot a sharp glance over at him as he dropped his head into his hands and let out a strangled groan.
“Okay, well you’ve got it. But no one else in this place does and we’ve got a couple of exhibitionists on this floor so just knock too unless you want to see some freaky shit. Trust me on that, knock.”
"How about you worry about forgiving him for tossing all your stuff out of his apartment first?" Jo snapped, letting out an irritated huff as she shook her head at the steaming water. "Sorry, that's just...fuck. It's just like Dean to do something like that, impulsive and hurtful because he has a fucking martyr complex that would put Joan of Arc to shame. Listen, he's probably just at Bobby's or something. He likes to go smash the windows out of the junkers when he's trying to wrap his head around something."
Nu-uh, not gonna happen; not unless it involved her getting her way out of Eden at any rate and she’s gotten to the point where she was ready to scrap that whole stupid plan anyway. Especially after everything with that kid and his psycho dad, it just didn’t seem fair to drag another person into this with her. It’d be better just to finish out her contract with Eve and then try to make a life after that, what was seven more years in the whole scheme of things anyway?
"They're probably bringing clothes for Charlie," Cas muttered to Dean, apologetically grimacing as he drew away from the other man to stand; thankful that for once he seemed to have controlled his wayward dick around his crush. "I'll just go get them and be right back."
"It's not a problem, Cas." Gabriel replied smirking over at him. "The picture you sent didn't really do it justice though. That color, baby bro, its like, POW! Good to see you finally realized that I'm the fashion forward one in this family."
Dean started to get to the part of town where there were less paved streets and more gravel, the dust off the road was kicking up as he drove and he blamed the stinging in his eyes on the fact that the cold evening air was whipping the particles in through his open windows. Bobby's house, shop and the surrounding scrap yard started to grow on the horizon and he just wanted to slow time down so that he could think for a while because his mind was going a million miles a minute.
So that's what had led to his uncomfortable conversation with Adam in the locker room after ROTC practice on the Wednesday before Halloween. They had just finally convinced Virgil to let them try a trick toss during the halftime show of the upcoming football game that would involve them launching their rifles to each other over the heads of the other cadets of the team. It was going to require a lot of trust, on both of their parts as well as from the rest of the squad.
Castiel reached his room to find the door shut and and somehow barricaded from the inside because when he tried to open it he could only make it budge about an inch before it hit something sturdy and heavy on the other side. He pushed against the weight but only succeeded in hearing Rufus chuckle low and gleefully from the other side when Cas let out a frustrated groan.
"I think I'll pass on that little ritual," Cas spoke up over Jo's excited questioning about Ash and Garth's plans for their dates. "I guess we'll just have to see if I can finish with my la…thing on Wednesday then."
Dean moaned when he felt himself responding to the other boy's tone, this was what he had always pictured Castiel acting like when he was in those ROTC meetings, all alpha-male and in charge and powerful. The smaller boy pushed his head back down to take in his cock, not letting up on the pressure that he put on the back of Dean's head until the larger boy let out a muffled gasp.
The fact that their family wasn’t part of the local country club and didn’t have a yacht and didn’t live in a part of town that had a gate surrounding it or a neighborhood watch committee was proving to be more of a barrier to their sons making friends than either parent had expected though. Mary had been concerned after her first encounter with the PTA at the elementary school, but it wasn’t until she had made friends with Mrs. Singer next door that she really started to think that maybe they had made the wrong choice by keeping their boys out of public school. Apparently there were classes here, ones for students that were “gifted” like Sam and Dean were and it helped their social skills to be around other kids who were on their level both emotionally and intellectually as well as economically.
It seemed innocent enough, taking Balthazar out for a drink after another week spent filming this time in one of the luxurious houses that were in an even nicer neighborhood than their own rented house if that was possible. The McMansion was supposed to be the stand-in for Bridgette's family home, belonging to a Silicon Valley dynasty that the character coveted enough to murder for it and Naomi had said that it was passable even though the sparse, immaculateness had driven Balthazar absolutely bonkers. It suited the character though, who was supposed to have been raised by nannies and au pairs, deprived of the parental love that would have instilled some empathy into the treacherous Bridgette.
"Um...I'm adopted," Castiel started hesitantly in lieu of an answer, wincing with embarrassment when he remembered that Missouri already knew that, but her face was judgement free and she just smiled softly until he continued. "Yea, um all of my siblings are too. My mom or my dad, I'm not sure which, couldn't have kids, but they always wanted them and they figured that there were a lot of kids who didn't have families so its my brothers and me and my sister."
"You aren't," Castiel interjected quickly when it looked like Sam was about to object. "I'm just gonna go, I'll text you guys later and let you know if we're staying at the apartment."
Is anyone daunted by the length of this thing?! Seriously, its freaking me out that I've written over 100K words so far. And there is no end in sight...well there is but its a long way off and it lives in another part.
All of the air rushed out of Castiel's lungs in shock, of course Dean had never had a boyfriend; someone that good looking would never want to settle down unless they met someone special. Was Cas special?
"Pictures," Castiel said waving a hand dismissively, smiling when he saw Alfie carrying a small suitcase towards the guest house at the back of the property through a window in the tiled room. "I just got back into town last night."
He didn't write about the dreams he had about Dean. The ones that made him wake up feeling safe or giddy or aroused. All of the dreams about Dean were good dreams, unrealistic, but good. Those were the ones he hoped he had every night the ones that he greedily held onto for himself, but often they were few and far between.
He didn't know why the other man was crying, all of this was good. If their father was in prison then he wouldn't possibly be able to have custody of Anna and after Gail's testimony there was no way in hell that the younger girl would be handed over to hot-headed Uncle Zach who even now was ranting about the unfair harshness of the sentencing to his younger brother the Reverend. The priest was glaring, lip curled up in disgust at Cas and Dean who had outright jumped over the wooden barrier as soon as the judge was out of the room and caught his boyfriend in an intense, celebratory kiss.
He walked into the high school that was one story and flat, just like the rest of Kansas, to put his books away in his new locker. It was about twenty lockers down from his old locker, but some it had some unknown, magical aura about it that distinguished it as a Senior locker instead of a Junior locker. Whatever, it was just a place to shove his gym clothes in the end.
"I'm not going to drop it, Cas!" Dean shouted, pulling down the collar of the Henley so that he could put his hand over the scar on the other boy's chest. "Was it the same person who did this? You have to tell me!"
"Well, y'know the Sheriff was there and her deputy stepped in when they started getting up, making some pretty lame sounding threats towards Kev before she smelled the alcohol on their breaths. And of course they're both underage so handcuffs got involved and Gilda and Jo and everyone showed up just in time to see Uriel trying to bribe her because if they went to jail and Principal Naomi found out then they were probably not going to be allowed to wrestle or whatever other homoerotic sport it is that happens in the spring."
"Oh that brilliant," Crowley said, gesturing with his chin towards the woman who desperately needed to take etiquette lessons if she was going to continue her charade with the notoriously nice James Collins. "It's like seeing Eliza before Professor Higgins got a hold of her."
"Um, I thought you could hold on to this," Sam said lowly, waving the letter in his hand absently before reaching out and carefully setting it on the foot of his bed. "Its um, Dean's SAT scores. They were in the mail today and I know you two wanted to open them together so…"
"Can you continue, Mr. Novak?" the judge asked once the bailiff had escorted Raphael back to his seat and their father who was leaning across his lawyer's lap to glare at his adopted son. He nodded at the older, white haired man who looked so much like Reverend Novak only the lines on his face were from laughter, probably instead of frowning disapprovingly at everyone around him. "Counselor, please repeat the question and we will move forwards with this."
"And you are?" Meg asked picking up the whiskey bottle and moving to put it back in the kitchen. The smaller woman grabbed a soda out of the fridge and ambled back to the couch, stopping long enough to lean on the back of the couch and pull her boots off with a loud sigh.
So I literally knocked this out yesterday on my day off and am just a tiny bit proud of how it came out. This is probably going to be a multi-chapter fic that I will write as time permits in between posting chapters for my other story, Born to Run.
It was around midnight or close enough, so that's how Castiel rationalized ducking out on the fireworks shortly before they started and dragging Dean down into the backseat of the large old car on top of him to kiss their way through the New Year's countdown in private away from the disapproving stares they had been getting from some of the parents who were at the town's annual display with their kids. Cas didn't care if he made them uncomfortable and he knew that Dean didn't really either, but he had a rule about scarring children for life with the kind of groping he intended to inflict upon his boyfriend and that's why the backset of a car was preferable to pushing Dean down on a picnic table and climbing into his lap.
Naomi always made a point to get to work early. Usually she would arrive long before the janitors so that she could drop off the usual box of donuts that she picked up on her way to work; the one that everyone thought that Tessa actually brought because there was no way that cold hearted Principal Tapping bought breakfast for her coworkers every single day. Nor did she start the first pot of coffee in the break room since she was always complaining about the teachers finishing it without starting more for other people. Hardass that she was of course she didn't tip out some of Chuck's 'hidden' break room bourbon into the sink every morning so that it was just a little bit more than the other man wouldn't get a chance to drink; though she hadn't found a new bottle in his usual hiding places in quite a while.
"Did not, "Ash protested. "Guy invented FM radio, he's the reason we're all going to get brain tumors. Jumped out of a building."
He didn't notice the glinting until Meg absolutely refused to help him paint, stating that it was going to make her break a nail which was ridiculous since she had been helping him move bookcases and beds and the dresser out into the hallway and they both had banged their fingers in the doorway more than once. But when he did notice it, Castiel turned into a squealing mess and really he had never thought his voice could sound that girly; he was just really happy that Jo hadn't been around to hear it because he never would have lived it down.
"Alfie—" Castiel began, trying to think of some way that he could explain away his relationship with Dean as being friends, friends who wanted to spend all of their time together and sleep in the same bed and probably, eventually hold hands in front of everyone they knew. He had never felt so juvenile in all of his life.
"You are not losing control," the man replied, picking at the salad that he was eating to appease his doctor who told him his cholesterol was entirely too high. "Those boys deserved to be kicked out of your class; no one should have to put up with that. Novak and Winchester are not doing anything wrong and neither are we."
"Nonononono, that's not what I meant, darling." Castiel said quickly, catching the other boy's face in his hands and pressing appeasing kisses on Dean's cheeks until the larger boy battled him off. "I'll figure out a way to make it up to her, okay?"
Dean noticed that Castiel looked uncomfortably around the room at the rest of his classmates who were in various states of undress. The boy clutched his clothes to his chest and quickly moved to the stalls around the corner from the main locker room area and shut himself inside of one of them, emerging a couple of minutes later blushing furiously and plucking at the front of his shirt awkwardly as he dumped his clothes in his chosen locker.
Castiel grumbled something indecipherable and Gabriel reached for his shirt that had somehow ended up under the coffee table. The older man prayed that Dean wouldn't look over and see the compromising position he and the other boy's brother were in, it had been bad enough when the older Winchester had found one of Gabriel's shirts mixed in with Dean and Sam's laundry. Dean had whined that he was going to have to buy all new clothes, but Gabe saw the wink that the older boy gave his little brother when he thought that the elder Novak wasn't looking.
the woman continued, seemingly unconcerned with how awkward he sounded. Doctors and cops, they always made him nervous. "
He expected Rachel to react to that, get offended, tell him that he still had so much work to do. "Why do we need to do that, Castiel?"
“Yea,” Castiel agreed looking around the room with a rueful smile before squeezing Dean tighter against his body. “And we’ll have a lot of firsts at the new house too. Just think, Jack’s first curse word! And yea, our family started here, but its going to be growing at the new house; we’ll need that space in a few months.”
"Awww, I knew it had to be you Gabs." Sam said leaning in and kissing Gabriel's cheek, the older boy stuck his tongue out at Bobby before taking a sip of the whiskey and grimacing at the taste of the alcohol.
"So he does that a lot?" Dean asked, gritting his teeth because he last thing he wanted to be talking about was Balthazar and his conquests that he was sure were numerous and probably just as meaningless as his own past ones; he did not need Cas drawing any parallels between him and the other man. "He does know that he is a guest here, right?"
When he saw Jo's eyes lock onto his and her smile widen, he knew that they were talking about him. Meg had told their friend how Cas had reacted to the news of her and Luc's engagement, squealing like a girl and getting all teary; just like he had expected, Jo had been teasing him about it non-stop, saying that he and Dean should run off to Vermont and get married and open a bed and breakfast for cats. He had just bit his tongue about it all because if he told Jo about the necklace that Adam had gotten her for Valentine's Day then the other boy would never forgive him, but the first time he saw Jo wearing it Cas knew that his teasing would reach Winchester level proportions.
"Of course you do," Crowley conceded softly, deflating slightly when his friend's voice broke on the word 'happy'. "I've never wanted you to have to hide, Castiel. I told you to be discreet and you were; you played the part I forced upon you beautifully. Your selflessness and your desire to help your family kept you from telling me you were unhappy when you were and made you think you had to lie to me when you finally weren't anymore. I will apologize for being blind to what was going on with you, but I was not the one who lied to the person whose entire job is to protect your image and help you."
