“He needs to have something to do,” Alec said, with a thin-lipped smile. “He doesn’t do well with just...sitting and waiting for things to happen. Man of action, you know.”
There was a protracted silence at that, and Dean finally looked over. Sam's expression was as flat as the landscape around them.
“Yeah, it's a bitch, but that's life.” Dean said, as amiably as he could. “Anyway, because it's so common, we know how to deal with them. But, you know, women in white, like most ghosts, are revenge-driven.”
up to Dean. “I didn’t get a chance to do it right.” That was all the warning Cas got before Dean kissed him, pouring out all the longing and hope and frustration he felt in the push and slide of his mouth, his tongue.  It lasted until Dean suddenly remembered to come up for air.
“She was,” Cas said, frowning, looking behind Dean, into the now-empty yard. “She came to the window several times.” He tugged on Dean’s arm. “Come inside.”
, because his expression changed from searching to something else: a warm three-word phrase that Dean was almost positive he could translate, and so did not, usually. Usually. But the morning light was softly gold and the air smelled of orange blossoms, and somehow he’d moved until his calf was against Cas’, and Cas was pressing back slightly, and...
There was nothing decisive, however, about the way Cas said Dean’s name. They stood by their cars in the dark, like two castaways clinging to rocks, watching each other across a gulf.
Dean crushed the paper in his hand, then smoothed it out again. “What the hell’s he thinking? The guy’s held together by Scotch tape and gum at this point, Sam!”
that he was hallucinating this time and, for one terrible, brief, eternal moment, was sure that he’d done it. He’d plunged that angel blade in until it hit concrete, and now he was doomed to watch Cas plead for help that he would never be able to give.
“No, Dean, I know that. I do, okay? Trust me. I'm not expecting a ticker-tape parade, but I think people are more forgiving than you give them credit for.” He pointedly ignored Dean's scornful noise. “Especially if we help them rebuild. We have a lot of knowledge between us, you, me and Cas. There has to be
,” an amused voice behind them said, causing them to whirl around in surprise. “But then, I've always been a bit old-fashioned.” The man smiling at them had closely-cropped hair and warm brown skin. His dark eyes looked friendly, but tired. “I agree with you about Aladdin being good-looking, though.”
“Oh, we were gonna do…” Sam began to call to him, but he was already gone, “that.” He frowned slightly and looked at Dean, who shrugged. “But go ahead.”
The barn now had the ambient temperature of a meat locker, and the old roof groaned alarmingly from the sudden contraction.
“You don’t need to do that,” Zack protested, but Alec had already gathered the plates and silverware and disappeared into the kitchen. They heard the sound of running water, and the low clatter of china against metal.
“Dean, behind you!” Cas shouted, rushing forward. But it was too late. Dean felt something impossibly cold at his back, and he knew he was done for. His vision whited out for a moment.
“When I’d made progress,” Cas said. “When I had good news to bring you, rather than yet another failure.” His eyes flicked to Sam for a moment, the back to Dean, and Dean could almost see him click into Angelic Strategist mode. Assessing. Calculating the best angle to attack a problem. Dean frowned in confusion at, what, exactly Cas needed a strategy for, then realized: it was him. He’d seen that look in Castiel’s face a number of times in the last year and a half.
“Not any more. But back then it was almost two hundred acres, with a dozen outbuildings. Stables, coach house, even a clock tower.”
The morning grows late, but he continues to talk. He sets aside the memories of the battles they fought, side-by-side (though there are many) and instead reminisces on other things: meals shared over campfires, late-night conversations, fishing in the nearby river...
And so he asks the question, stumbling, but he does. He promises to be gentle, and faithful, and reliable. In short: a good husband. The kind of husband a brother would want for a beloved sister.
"Dean," Cas says. Then again, like he's priming himself to say something: "Dean. No matter else happens, with, um. With your coronation and with...Anna..."
“Ida Mae Crawford,” Sam said, sliding into the back seat. He’d instinctively gone for shotgun, but hadn’t even blinked when he saw Cas sitting there. He handed Cas the stack of printouts, and accepted some sort of beansprout and spicy kale wrap in return. Apparently even no-horse towns had organic cafes. Rednecks these days. Still, that burger had been pretty decent. “Married Sumner Pierce in the spring of 1926 at the age of 19.” Cas studied the topmost piece of paper, a grainy sepia image of a familiar young woman with a delicately-boned face and wide eyes. She looked very childlike, Dean thought. She wore a veil topped by a froth of small white flowers, and stood next to a tall man with a serious face.
“And I’d rather be around,” Cas said. He looked as though he were forming his next words carefully, like a complicated incantation he couldn’t afford to mispronounce. He pressed closer to Dean and opened his mouth to speak again. “I’d rather be with you. I want...”
rambling.  “Anyway, breakfast is ready! Most important meal of the day, right? Wouldn’t wanna miss it. Come on, Cas.”
the house. It’s like she just...doesn’t want us in bed. Like she’s trying to get us out of our rooms.”
“Shit.” He hung up, shoving the phone into his pocket. He turned back to the house and there it was again, on the porch this time: skin and dress as white as bone, dark hair, with some kind of gauze trailing behind it, fluttering in an unfelt breeze. He ran forward, thundering up the wooden steps. But just as he raised the tire iron again, she blinked out of existence, and the front door opened.
“No, man, with tire iron. You know, Baryshni---I’ll be right back.”  With that, Dean descended the stairs at a pace that was not a run. A brisk walk. Purposeful. After a moment he was out the door.
“Don’t worry,” Sam said. “We’ll figure it out. But, you raise a good point. If she manifests herself when you’re in your bedrooms, then I’d like to ask you guys to go to bed as usual tonight.”
Cas had opened his mouth to say something else, but Dean shook his head irritably, and whatever thought Cas had died on the tip of his tongue.
“Yeah,” Dean said, pouring a mug of coffee. “We got well-acquainted with your little Miss Havisham.” He stirred in three spoonfuls of sugar.
“Yeah,” Zack said, nodding quickly. He caught Alec’s eye and blushed slightly. “There’s toast, leftover chicken salad. Sorry, it’s not much.” He seemed embarrassed. “I made fresh orange juice, though.” He held up the pitcher like a peace offering.
Sam shook his head from his spot near the window. The rime of ice was beginning to melt away and the heavy warmth was returning. “Nothing.” He turned to look at them. “She just vanished.”
“There are only two usable bedrooms in the house, and I want you guys in one of them. The third is floor-to-ceiling moving boxes, still.” Zack shrugged. “I figure, she comes to the window, you’ll be there with your, uh, ghost traps or whatever it is you use.”
But they’d saved him. That was the main thing, Dean told himself. Nothing else mattered about their later encounter. Not Dean’s cracked jaw or black eye. Not the howl of anguish he swallowed when it seemed like they were too late to save him, yet again. Not even the flood of gratitude and relief and...other things he felt when Cas opened his eyes and looked at him. Not the sudden, overwhelming desire to pull Cas to him and kiss him with all the tenderness his bloodied mouth could muster.
“Castiel,” Cas said. Dean was hit with an extremely strong wave of deja vu and instinctively checked Alec’s hand for a knife. “Would you like some coffee?” Cas asked. He held out the untouched mug. It still sent up curls of steam.
He sees it, and remembers. When he was younger, this wall fell and was repaired. There is still a gap.
There. In the bare spring mud, where only a handful of snowdrops bloom, is a single yellow daffodil. He stops dead.
“Hey, we might just do that, buddy,” Dean said, defensively, before realizing that it actually made no sense. “I mean...”
“Maybe,” Dean said doubtfully. “But what about last year? You know, when, uh…” He couldn’t finish the thought.
“Til they caught you,” Dean said, feeling the bottom drop out of his stomach. “What did they do to you?”
“Hey,” Dean said, drawing back slightly, the irritated feeling resurfacing. “No need for that, man.”
It was doubtful if much was going to get through to him for the next few hours, but Sam apparently felt the need to explain anyway. “Jody’s never met Cas, but he’s a good guy. He was in the neighborhood and I thought, ‘hey, all hands on deck', right?"
But today is still and cloudless. "Cas," he says after a while. "You once said I had no faith, but man, I'm praying now. I need you to hear me."
Dean doesn't say that 'sorry' might as well be his middle name. "I'll try to bear that in mind," he says instead. "You got anything to eat? I'm starving."
“What are you talking about?” Sam asked. “We literally just did that. We’ve been doing it for weeks.”
“Well, uh...see,” Dean hesitated. His modus operandi when dealing with witnesses had always leaned more towards the
Dean goes into his room, closing the door behind himself as he strips down to his boxers. He crawls under the covers and turns off the light, then lies in bed and listens to the sounds of Cas getting ready to sleep: the water moving through the pipes as he goes through his own nightly ritual, his footsteps as he makes his way over to the couch, the rustling of fabric as he settles  under the blanket.
What’s between them now is softer, the sharp edges sanded down by time and familiarity, rough patches smoothed over by apologies, gaps filled in with forgiveness. There are a thousand little things that Dean can still hardly believe have become mundane—falling asleep next to Cas at night, waking up next to him in the morning. The feel of Cas’ hands in his hair, Cas’ lips at his neck, Cas’ voice in his ear, whispering endearments.
“Hey, why don’t you guys go relax in the living room?” Dean says, gesturing towards the couch as he stands from the table. “Get to know each other a little while I make dinner.”
“Dean,” Sam chastises, but Dean just chuckles as he gets up and wanders over to the cabinets. “Good to be back in your own bed?” Sam asks as Cas takes a seat.
All he can think is that there should be something he can do. But there’s nothing here he can fight, no monster he can kill, no demon he can exorcise. All he can do is wait. All those deaths, and there’s nothing he can do to stop them.
“I love you,” Dean says. His palms don’t sweat; his voice doesn’t shake like he always imagined it would. His heart races, but that’s just from the thrill of it. “Stay with me?”
Dean’s day felt even longer than usual, filled with one call after another where people were screaming at him for problems he didn’t cause but was still doing his best to fix. He’s exhausted by the time he gets home late in the evening.
Castiel nods as he considers the selection, picking out a few packs. “Are we going to get pants and shirts here as well?”
Sam holds Dean up as best he can, trying to keep his weight from resting entirely on the spike through his back, as he pulls his phone from his pocket and shakily dials the three numbers that have never been enough to save them.
“Why you’re here,” Cas says. Dean opens his mouth, but Cas silences him with a raised hand. “Is there a case?”
Without missing a beat, Cas reaches up and takes Dean’s hand in his own. “This is nice,” he says, “but it might make it difficult to finish getting this set up.”
They celebrate with dinner at Bin 707 Foodbar, both of them ordering the Bin Burger, medium. (Dean had grinned reading the menu. “Cooked medium (hot pink center) or well done; other temperatures politely declined,” he read aloud, earning him a smile from Cas in response.) They make it most of the way through their meal before Cas says casually, dipping a fry into his aioli, “So, Sam told me Max and Alicia are staying at the bunker now.”
They meet up with Sam and Jessica at the restaurant, both of them smiling warmly as they approach, hugging Dean and Cas in turn. They head inside and sit around a table after introductions have been made, chatting idly as they look over the menu.
“That’s exactly the low kinda bar I aim to meet,” Dean says. He settles back further into the couch and turns on the TV, Cas smiling at him in his peripheral vision.
“Wow,” Jessica says. Dean looks up at the sincerity in her voice. “You must have the patience of a saint.”
After a moment, Dean pushes himself up to standing, Cas opening his eyes to watch him curiously. He starts at Cas’ shoulders and moves outwards, drags his hands through the sand, starting with vague shapes and adding details as he goes, careful not to disturb his work with his feet as he moves.
Cas manages to remain conscious through the second half, but when Dean asks him for his review as they make their way out with the rest of the theater patrons, Cas shrugs.
Cas just shrugs. “It was nothing I hadn’t already told myself. But I decided that even if he was right, I still wanted to come back. I still wanted to be here.”
Something in Cas’ tone gives him pause, stops him from saying his first thought, which was somewhere in the vicinity of
He blasts his music on the way to the grocery store, rolls down the windows, drives with one hand on the wheel and his other arm half out of the car. He walks the aisles and plans meals as he goes, calculating how much he’ll need to feed the two of them, how long the fresh produce will last before he needs to make another trip.
Dean is pretty sure Cas knows about as much about cooking as Dean does about growing plants, which is to say: not a damn thing, but maybe he’s willing to learn.
Dean breathes a soft laugh as he wakes. “Hey,” he says, reaching up to swat at Cas’ hand without opening his eyes. “That tickles.”
“Hey,” Dean says. “So, uh. Listen, I found this thing that might be a case, down south just across the Texas border. Sam and Eileen are kind of...tied up at the moment, so I was wondering, if you’ve got some spare time…”
As he wanders into the gas station to grab some snacks for the road, he opens up his text message conversation with Cas. The last messages are from the day before: Dean’s
Cas nods absently, looking around as he unscrews the bottle cap. Dean is right; it’s not quite the same. “And it didn’t have Mountain Dew.”
A few agonizing minutes pass before Cas finally breaks the silence by asking quietly, “Can you stand?”
“Fair enough,” Sam says, his smile echoing Cas’ own. “But—and not that I’m in any place to judge,” he continues, thinking of his own silent phone, of every quiet moment over the past two weeks where he had sat with his thumb hovering over the screen, never quite working up the courage to hit call, “why didn’t you come back sooner, man?”
Dean brings Cas whatever he needs, whether he asks for it or not. He brings him glass after glass of water, brings him ibuprofen, brings fresh bandages for his wrists, and every time, Cas takes the items without argument and returns to whatever he was doing.
Castiel grins as he unwraps another cheeseburger, falling silent as he eats. In the meantime, Dean keeps trying to catch sight of Castiel’s wings in his peripheral vision. He runs through all of his usual strategies: looking off to the side, letting his eyes go unfocused, keeping them half closed.
Sam almost laughs. He forgets, sometimes, that Cas has learned to lie from the best of them, to tell careful half-truths that sound like honesty.
He’s still trying to accept the fact that there’s nothing he can do besides what he’s already doing, and he’s not sure he’s ever going to get there. He’s trying to remember that he’s never been able to save everyone.
There’s only one day each year that Dean specifically requests off, and there’s only one way he’s always spent it.
“And second,” Castiel says. He turns around and reaches up to slide something off the top of the fridge. He hands it to Dean and says, “Here.”
“Oh, sorry, spaced out for a second there.” Dean forces a laugh. “Anyway, that really is great. It’ll be good for you to get out of the house, huh? Anyone would go crazy sitting around this piece of shit apartment all day.”
It’s really quite the array, now that he’s seeing it all in one place. Cas has managed to grow a whole mess of plants, flowers and herbs and succulents growing in pots of all shapes and sizes, somehow beautiful in their disarray. Or maybe they’re perfectly organized; who’s Dean to say? He’s not the one who’s spent the last few months working away up here.
Dean relishes it, though—every second of the meal spent next to them, every bit of conversation they have over their food. All too soon, they’re done eating, the leftovers packaged away and Tetrised into the fridge, the dishes washed. Dean is the last to leave the kitchen, grabbing his laptop and heading for his room.
“Sam has to be wrong,” Dean mutters to himself, sitting down in front of his laptop and starting his usual searches. There has to be something out there for them to do, CDC recommendations be damned. He’ll take anything, no matter how many disgusting fluids might be involved.
It’s easier to just pretend special days don’t exist at all, to treat every day exactly the same as any other. Every holiday, every event, everything significant that happened to Dean in the life he has and everything that could have been important to him if he’d lived a different one—it’s better just to let it all slip by unacknowledged.
Dean collapses onto the couch, sinking into the cushions with a sigh. “I wanna get some chairs, too,” he says, as Cas takes a seat next to him. “Maybe a coffee table. And we’ll need a bigger TV if we all wanna be able to see the screen.” He gestures at the walls. Cas looks up, follows the movement of his hand. “And maybe we should put up some pictures or something. The plain cement is bumming me out.”
“Works for me,” Dean says. He picks up a copy of each book in the series, tossing them into his nearly overflowing basket. “I think that’ll do it,” he says. “Thanks for the help.”
Dean picks out a well-reviewed place on Yelp and tries to temper his expectations as he and Cas sit up on a balcony in the ambient lighting, surrounded on all sides by people there for business meetings, for lunch dates.
Finally, he sits on his bed and pulls out his phone again. He brings up Cas’ contact info and hits call.
Dean grins to himself as he reaches over to turn off the lamp. He settles back against Cas, holds Cas’ hand in his own, stroking his thumb against Cas’ knuckles with his thumb. He lies awake until Cas’ breathing starts to even out as he drifts off to sleep.
Cas doesn’t remove his hand once he’s done, though. Instead, he tentatively slides his fingers so he’s cupping Dean’s cheek, and then he leans in the last few inches and presses a kiss to the corner of Dean’s mouth, quick and warm. He runs his thumb gently over Dean’s skin as Dean takes a shaky breath.
Dean lucks out at Goodwill -- there’s a small bookshelf buried underneath some fake plants, a little rickety but otherwise in decent shape. He drops a few bucks on it and a couple more on some L brackets from Home Depot before heading back to the apartment.
Cas looks up from where he sits on his bed, hair still damp from the shower, frowning as he places a finger on the page of his book to mark where he left off.
Dean closes his eyes against the light, and by the time he reopens him, the pressure against his neck has disappeared. He slips down from the wall and falls to his knees, gasping.
Dean feels no small amount of trepidation as he finally takes a seat and looks up at Sam, and yeah—Sam is giving him the disappointed look he always knew he eventually would.
“Rugaru?” Sam says, not looking up from his sandwich, and Dean’s heart sinks. “Yeah, Eileen has some friends down there who are taking care of it.”
Dean shrugs. “It’s-- I mean, it’s just some secondhand clothes. It’s no big de--” He stops when he catches the way Castiel is looking at him, smiling faintly. “I mean,” he mumbles. “You’re welcome.”
Cas is there, too, standing next to Max, and as Dean approaches, the blue-white glow of Cas’ grace appears underneath his hands, spreads until Max’s bloody torso is wreathed in light.
Dean rolls his eyes and throws a napkin at him. He squawks as it bounces off his cheek, laughing as Dean grins.
Before Dean can make his way to the driver’s side, Castiel stops him with a touch to his elbow. He waits for Dean to turn back towards him before he says, “Thank you, Dean.”
“I bet she thought she could open it from the inside,” Sam said. He looked sadder than he usually did in moments like this.
uses the same timescale as us? Maybe he doesn't think he's gone that long.” The open door spilled brilliant sunlight across the floor, but the overall gloom hardly lessened. “I’m just saying, Dean. Maybe he’s doing what he believes he’s supposed to be doing. Acting like one of us. Maybe he doesn’t realize that…” Sam sneezed, six times in quick succession. “Damn it! Watch out for brown recluses, by the way. Make sure your cuffs are buttoned.” He wiped his eyes.
Daffodil, the national flower; meaning chivalry, meaning rebirth. But standing alone, it could also mean sorrow and lost love. For once, his training seems to fail him. If only Pamela were still alive; she could ask directly.
In the space before Cas resumes, Dean dimly hears the Nocturn bells. How many is that? He's stuck until the ringing of the Lauds, but is that 6 hours from now, or only 2? The lack of windows is maddening.
But then, many of them wouldn’t even deal with Sam now. Dean wasn’t sure how it had happened—he sure as hell hadn’t spoken to anyone about it—but he had a sinking feeling that their role in unleashing the Darkness had become something of an open secret. Demons tended to talk under torture, after all. And who’s to say there wasn’t another hunter out there with some other helpful angel friend offering up information over burgers and beer?
“Yeah, peachy,” Alec said, and his voice seemed to grate through the unfurnished room. He cleared his throat. “I mean, aside from the fact that there’s going to be a
So Dean wept in private over Castiel and in public over John, and put Sam's education above all things, doing what his father had failed to do when Queen Mary died. Sam was the second son and so had a chance for freedom Dean knew was never his.
“This house predates the town,” Sam said, tipping his head back and staring at the ceiling. “But yeah, we'll go into the local library tomorrow and have a look.”
Dean shifts until he's sitting cross-legged, his palms against the wall, like it might melt from the heat of them and let him touch Cas.
“Someone’s got a bee in their bonnet,” Dean said, casting a glance at Alec, who was watching the spot where Zack had disappeared. Without a word, he turned and walked toward the back of the house.
But now it's five years on, and the kingdom is impatient, as kingdoms always are. Sam has finished his education, a prince and a scholar, with his warrior days behind him. Rumor has it he's seeking the hand of a merchant's daughter, from Leahy.
“I considered that,” Cas said, allaying several fears Dean didn’t realize he’d had. “It would have taken too long to clear. When Sam called, I wanted to get here as soon as I could.” He let out a sharp breath and finally looked at Dean. “So I went to the casinos and got the cash together. It wasn’t...I wasn’t shirking my duties, Dean. As soon as I had the five thousand dollars she wanted, I purchased the car and came here.”
On the third night, the Pyre has burned to nothing. The smoke is gone. The King is dead, long live the King. In the morning they'll sweep up the ashes, change the shrouds on the statues from black to white, and hoist the flags. And then the preparations will begin.
“Sam called,” Cas said. Dean didn’t have to look at him to know he was frowning. “He said you...might need support for this particular case.”
“Dean,” he said, as though Dean didn’t have a blunt instrument poised above his head. “Are you okay?”
Dean paces fretfully, unthinking, like a caged wolf. The note is crushed in his fist, and he flattens it out to read and re-read. Two lines. It's more than he hoped for, yet it's a new kind of agony. Cas remembers, but does he still...?
“You were probably screaming in abject terror,” Cas pointed out. “Human beings are fairly unobservant when they do that, in my experience.” He had somehow procured another cup of coffee. This time, he took a sip.
But Zack stopped short. Dean peered over his shoulder anxiously, already on high alert, but the source of Zack's sudden silence was a thoroughly human one: another man, in a state of half-awake, half-dressed disarray. At a guess, Dean would say he was a runner, or a swimmer. He stood, rubbing his eyes with the back of his hand for a moment before he noticed them. “Oh!”
They’d reached the back of the barn. It looked like it hadn’t been touched in at least 50 years. The darkness seemed to move, though Dean knew that was just his eyes playing tricks. There was no sign of the ghost.
“Why would she want revenge on me? I’ve never seen her before in my life!” Alec looked like panic was beginning to claw at him.
The Darkness, whatever it was, manifested itself in intermittent pockets of wasting and madness. It was like an infection bubbling under the skin of the earth. Occasionally it erupted. Five days ago, they drove towards Carson City while listening to a newscaster describe the scene: an entire street of people, screaming as they ripped the skin from their faces and bodies, before falling over dead. The corpses had all leaked black sludge from their lidless eyes and lipless mouths. People were calling it some kind of Doomsday cult ritual, but Dean knew better. The Nevada hunters had known better, too, even if they didn’t have all the details.
would have picked it up, even if they didn’t want to deal with us, specifically. Hunters are professionals. Just because we aren’t on great terms right now, doesn’t mean they’d let innocent people get hurt.” He looked back to the window. “And besides, eventually we’ll…”
That was the last they heard of him for the better part of a week. At least, Dean assumed it was a week. He had very little memory of the intervening days. They’d left the hospital with their nostrils full of the bitter perfume of purified flesh, and then...consciousness seemed to slither in and out of Dean’s grasp. He thought he remembered sprawling face-down in a field of wildflowers. He thought he remembered a woman in a black dress. But he must have been hallucinating.
“I mean, if it was, he wouldn’t keep fucking leaving all the time.” He peered into the mildewy dark.
The ghost appeared at Sam’s side, shoving him hard enough to send him sprawling several feet away. Dean swung the iron, but she had already dematerialized.
, the kind of air that they used to warn you about in the old days for containing evil humors. It did terrible things to his skin, at any rate.
And so Dean had knelt at his feet and chained him like a dog, and Cas had thanked him for it. Dean had rested his forehead against Cas’ knee, just for a moment, and Cas had let him. Dean brought him a blanket, too, but he had only frowned in confusion when Dean pulled it over his shoulders.
It happens again. Then, again, but now it's a foot to his left. He eagerly moves that way, and replies.
to defend himself or flee. The fact that someone had denied him that made Dean’s throat and eyes burn. “Let’s get those off of you right now,” he’d said. But Cas grabbed him with an urgency Dean hadn’t expected. He felt every point of contact like a brand.
The first time they kissed, almost without meaning to; the second time, almost daring each other; the third, with complete purpose. How things changed after that; how Dean became more himself, like part of him had been in hiding until then.
is, Gabriel showed me mercy. And he stood with us at the end, when all others had forsaken us. For that, I loved him. Whether it’s
Heavenly-strategist-turned-card-shark. Exactly the kind of guy you wanted for the big stakes. Plus, it seemed to be something Cas enjoyed, which was a rare enough thing. Rare things ought to be indulged. “We ought to take you to Vegas with us next time we go.”
He's restless. Soaked to the skin and cold, he builds a fire with what little kindling is left in the hearth; strips to his underwear and lays his clothes out to dry. Falls asleep, somehow, under an old blanket, and dreams of Castiel's face....
"Yes," Cas says, so quietly Dean can barely hear him. "Yes, it is. We've done a lot of it, you and I."
A moment later, though, the wall...responds. Two dull but deliberate bangs vibrate in Dean's ears. He waits for his heart to restart, then repeats the noise he just heard.
Anna is the closest Dean will get to Castiel, in life. (They sought comfort in each other once, when it was clear he wasn't coming back, when it was clear she was the last of her siblings; maybe they could do it again. She has his intensity, his cleverness.)
"Yes," Cas says. "Apparently I...remembered my training. Though I didn't realize it until that moment."
Alec had emerged from the bedroom, wearing a much more wrinkled iteration of the outfit he had gone to bed in. He and Cas stood regarding each other, both looking windswept and rumpled in their own way.
face-to-face with one, too. Alec’s eyes, he noticed were a nice shade of blue. A nice shade, but not the right shade for observing at this distance: the pale blue of a full-morning sky, rather than the deeper hue of the hour at first light.
“I know you didn’t want to come down here,” Sam said at last. “I could've passed it on to someone else.”
“That’s family for you.”  He paused, and his smile turned rueful. “You know, Raphael never put my eye back. It’s a good thing I have others.”
And Dean plays the part—he courts many, many women, throws legendary parties, travels relentlessly around the kingdom quelling rebellions and hunting down brigands and those who sympathized with Azazel and Lucifer.
“It means,” Dean said, resting his head against Cas’ shoulder, thinking of the word an angel would respond to best, “yes.” He kissed Cas’ neck. “Yes. Come home. I
“Classified, huh?” Alec asked. “Intriguing.” He seemed to be in a dizzyingly good mood, insofar as he was able. Well. No surprises there. “So, I’m noticing a theme. Do all hunters earn extra cash by being underwear models?”
Still, Dean had been there for the majority of Cas’ crash course—he winced internally at the poor phrasing—in humanity. He’d tried to cajole and coax and push him through the highs and lows, with admittedly varying degrees of compassion. But he’d been there, more or less. (
The Bunker’s library had offered no hint of how to stop the spread of infection except for the one, oblique reference to holy oil. Thank anyone who wasn’t God that Sam had been able to figure out what it meant. But it didn’t solve the root of the problem.
There's a muffled crashing sound on the other side of the wall, and Dean presses his ear against it. "Cas, what's going on over there?"
“What? Why? Sam, this is a salt and burn job. Why the hell would I bother Cas with something like this?”
In the end, neither the bolt nor the binding had mattered. By the time they’d tracked Rowena down, Cas was gone, leaving a crater in the floor and in Dean’s chest.
“We have an early warning system, remember?” That’s what they were calling it. An early warning system. It was easier to put it in those terms than to admit the residual claim the Mark still had on him, beneath his unblemished skin. It pulled him towards the scene of impending carnage, calling to him:
His overstretched nerves can't take it. He starts crying even as he smiles, and he's happy there's no one here to see.
variety. But it had (almost) always been tempered with his innate dislike of seeing people in distress. Sam always put on a better show of emotional openness for strangers, but that’s usually all it was: a show. His candor was one of his best weapons, because people didn’t see it as such, and so he could use it on them unnoticed.
A twin beam of headlights pierced the dark. Dean startled from his distracted rummaging in the trunk. He automatically ran through the weapons he had on hand. Satisfied with their number and effectiveness, he pulled the trunk closed.
“Any chance we could speak to Alec?” Dean asked, eyeing the rickety steps mistrustfully before he climbed. “We like to take as many witness statements as we can.”
And Cas was dying. The stolen grace had slowly poisoned him, like transplanted tissue attacking its host. Dean had kind of forgotten that, actually. Until just now.
“He thinks it will!” Sam amended hastily. “But he said he couldn’t be one hundred percent certain. He was, like, ninety-nine percent sure.”
“Phenomena,” Alec said, running his hands through his blond hair, which appeared to be going through some sort of crisis on top of his head. “That's one word for it.” He nodded to them and then headed into the kitchen. “We have a ghost problem and she sends us a couple of underwear models. What're they gonna do, Blue Steel it to death?”
Cas’ voice was cut off by the closing of the door. Dean found himself inside the car before he even realized he was walking. His own breathing roared in his ears. He brought his head to rest against the steering wheel.
“Well, damn,” Dean said, pushing away from the table with a show of good cheer. “Compliments to the chef.”
“What are you doing here?” Dean asked, stooping to retrieve the tire iron. It dawned on him that wasn't really the kind of greeting you gave to someone you were happy to see. He opened his mouth to try again, but Cas was already speaking.
. We’ll find Metatron. We’ll get you back in Hannah’s good books. We’ll burn away the Darkness. We’ll do all of it. But come home to me,
Dean needs to leave, but he feels, for once, that he's being ignored. He sighs and walks a little way down the path toward the river.
"No? My family tree is full of nephilim but you find this impossible to believe? Dean, what have I said about having faith?"
. But every time Dean had tried to speak that language, the message never stuck. He reminded himself that just because someone wasn’t supposed to feel something, didn’t mean that they didn’t.
Damn it, Cas knows. There were times, sleeping in the mud before a siege or battle, that he imagined the same thing. He doesn't know which of them would be the witch-wife in this scenario but...
For a moment, Zack's normal chattiness seemed to fail him. Then he cleared his throat and said: “Anyway, Alec, they'd like to ask you a few questions about what you saw.”
body,” Cas said. He looked over at Dean quickly, as though to reassure him. “In my true form. I mean, obviously it rendered me speechless here, too. The duct tape was just for, uh, dramatic flair. An object lesson.”
He'll have a year, at most, where he can wave off the question with excuses about settling into the role. But he's been acting in John's place for so long now that people will see it for the lie it is.
“It bothered him to know he did that to you, Dean. You know it did. He kept asking me why you wouldn’t let him heal you.” Sam paused, and a cold realization filled his eyes. He looked at Dean closely. “Were you punishing him?”
(In the past, a match like that would be unthinkable, but then again, Sam is the second son, and the War, which took so many, many lives, made people somehow more pragmatic and more romantic.)
, Dean thought as he made his way to the glowering outline of the Impala. The night air was thick with humidity and the whir of insects, and the oak trees in their coats of Spanish moss had a weird, gothic shape.
“Don’t worry,” Dean said, with vehement cheerfulness, “Doing unsafe things in unsafe surroundings is second nature to us.”
“You’re right,” Cas agreed. He removed the knuckles and slipped them into his pocket. “We should take her to where her husband is buried. I think they’ve waited long enough for each other.”
“Of course I remember,” Cas said mildly. He turned his face towards the stars. Dean allowed himself a moment to admire his profile before he averted his gaze.  “He ripped my tongue out. Comparatively gentle to his other available options.”
“Jacks?” Dean asked, looking over his shoulder to find Alec staring thoughtfully at the photo in question.
“Well, Dean and I could each take a bedroom and stake it out while you guys are in bed. We’ll stay out of sight.”
They get all the way to the end of the meal, sitting in silence as their waiter clears their plates, brings the check. Cas waits patiently as Dean signs a fake name, and then they wander outside together, stand looking at each other over the roof of the Impala, Dean drumming his fingers on the metal.
When they finally get into Cas’ truck to head into the woods where the attack took place, Cas loosens his tie, takes a deep breath before turning the key in the ignition. Dean watches him for a few moments before turning to look out the window, idly rubbing his hand against his chest.
They sit around a table at Hot Rods 50’s Diner after, and Sam’s eyes light up when Max and Alicia ask them how their new system works.
“Oh my God,” Dean groans. When he looks up, Jessica is shaking with silent laughter. Sam is rolling his eyes at her, but he’s smiling. “I see you both have the same terrible sense of humor,” he adds drily. “You’re perfect for one another.”
Dean gets back to the bunker before Sam does. He goes through his usual routine -- unpacks his duffel, tosses his clothes in the laundry, hits the showers -- before he makes his way to the kitchen. He makes himself a sandwich and eats it in silence at the table as he looks at his phone. Two messages from Sam:
Cas is silent for a few long seconds, then he sighs and says, “He threw all my mistakes back in my face. Told me that there was no reason for me to go back. That he knew who I loved, and what I feared, and that there was nothing for me here.”
Dean makes the drive in a day and a half and gets an early start the next morning, making his way from his motel room to the San Bernardino County Coroner’s Office.
“You didn’t ask for more,” Dean says. “You told me I wasn’t enough for you and then ran off like you always do.”
Cas is nestled in the middle of them all, bent over a plant with his watering can at his side. Dean gets caught up watching him, the careful way he moves from pot to pot, kneeling every now and then to get a closer look, the way he sticks his fingers in the dirt and dusts them off on his jeans.
Dean throws his empty can in the trash and puts his travel mug by the sink, stomach twisting when he notices Castiel has taken care of the dishes he left that morning.
Cas jolts awake in the middle of the night, breathing hard. From beside him, Dean asks blearily, “Cas? You okay?”
Cas opens his eyes. He sits up slightly, stretches his hand across the seat, palm up. Dean takes it, laces their fingers together.
Before long, Dean finds himself moving his hands from Cas’ face to grip the back of the couch. He tries to push himself forward into Cas’ hand, but Cas moves with him. Dean lets out a low noise of complaint, but Cas simply runs his other hand up and down Dean’s side gently. He says, “Dean.”
“Exactly. There was always some shit that seemed to come out of nowhere to fuck things up again.” There was always something stepping in, he knows now, to deny them their denouement, no matter what they might have done on our own. “You ever—you ever think about how things might have been different?”
He’s not completely oblivious, though he’s pretended to be for a long time, has found that easier than trying to square up to whatever it is that exists between him and Cas and demand answers. He’s seen the way Cas looks at him sometimes, has felt the charge in the air. It’s the same way he’s looked at plenty of people in bars, in roadside diners, at truck stops scattered around the country. The same sort of energy. He knows what it means. If he wanted to blow off some steam, he doesn’t think Cas would say no.
“What’s this?” Dean asks, looking down at the envelope. When he opens it, he finds a small stack of cash inside, what looks to be at least a few hundred dollars.
“Cas,” Dean says, and between one slow blink and the next, Dean has moved from pacing across the room to sitting next to Cas on the bare mattress, a hand on his knee, on his arm.
The witch has other plans. Her forces have the place surrounded. They’re hopelessly outnumbered and outgunned, but they’re determined to find a solution. After an intense brainstorming session, they come up with a plan.
“Figured we’d stop here to get the stuff you only ever want firsthand, y’know?” Dean says, keeping his voice low as he leads Castiel down one of the aisles. “Boxers and socks and whatever.” He scans the prices, pointing to a row of Hanes. “Hey, these ones are on sale.”
Dean heads to the kitchen and whips up a quick dinner -- eggs, toast, fruit. He brings it to the bedroom on a tray so they can eat in bed, and that’s where they spend the rest of the day, dozing and watching TV until it’s time to go to sleep.
“What happened?” a voice says, and Dean startles, turns back to the bed to find Joanna looking up at them, brow furrowed. She reaches one hand up to press it against her forehead. “Where am I?”
“Need” is, of course, a strong word. He doesn’t know what the hell he’s doing, feels like he’s helping in the same way a five-year-old trying to learn to do the dishes is “helping.” Cas doesn’t seem to mind, though; he’s patient as he shows Dean how to stick his finger in the soil of some plants to see if they need watering, how to feel the leaves of others.
Cas must have seen the panic playing across Dean’s face, because something in his expression immediately shutters. He nods once and says, his voice carefully neutral, “That’s okay. It’s not important.”
Sam seems to have plenty of his own shit to do, anyway, if his scarcity is any indication. At any rate, if he notices the change, he doesn’t let it show. Actually, it seems like maybe he’s enjoying the shift, because the first time Dean tries to tag along with him, here’s how it goes: he spends five minutes fiddling with things on the shelves, narrating his adventures, until Sam looks up from his laptop, eyebrow raised, and says, “Don’t you have something better to be doing?”
“Yeah,” Dean says. He clears his throat. “Anyway, speaking of nerdy shit. Me and Cas are part of this awesome D&D campaign set in Oz.”
Decorations start popping up around town. Drawings of skeletons and jack-o-lanterns and witches appear on the windows of the corner store, and fake webbing hangs off the door to Krissy’s apartment, plastic spiders perched carefully amongst the strands. The ads in the weekly fliers advertise a huge array of candies and costumes. Dean throws them all in the trash and offers to work on Halloween.
“I’m great,” he says. “I was thinking of uh, trying out a new recipe. Figure you’ll work up an appetite lugging that thing around, and Sam’s going to be practically feral after spending half the damn day running around outside, so.”
He makes his way to the living room, a tiny space that doesn’t look nearly as tiny as it is -- a trick of the large mirror on one wall, the open blinds that have been left open enough to let light stream in, the carefully chosen colors -- pastel blue couch, pale wood coffee table, glass TV stand. Cas pulls up the corner of the couch cover and laughs at the ugly, faded floral pattern under it. He drops it back down and takes a seat, surprised to find it soft and comfortable; he stands back up before he can get
As if the birthday presents weren’t bad enough, Dean gets home from work one day a few weeks later to find Cas attempting to carefully slide a flat screen TV out of its box.
Cas looks back down at the bowl. He sticks his fingers into the mess of eggs, carefully fishing out pieces of shell one by one. Still smiling, he says, “I told them I’d rather do things the hard way.”
“Right, so. I’ve kind of—I’ve just been going back over everything, our whole history, and looking at it in a new way, I guess. Not as someone living a life but as an author writing a story, or—or—a screenplay. You read enough books and watch enough movies and you get a feel for how things are supposed to go, you know? And there are just—there are so many times when we—I dunno. Like when—when you let all those souls go, right, or when you got your memories back after—after everything with Sam, or when you came back from Purgatory, or when you were human for the first time and here in the bunker.”
Dean clears throat. “Um. A few months, I think? It feels like it’s been longer than that. I guess ‘cause he’s been living here over a year now, and, uh--” Dean shrugs-- “I dunno. Already wouldn’t feel the same without him.”
As he’s idly scanning the titles in the nonfiction section, an employee appears in his peripheral vision. “Need any help?” she asks.
Dean’s thoughts grind to a sudden halt, stalling completely before they lurch back into movement and kick into overdrive. He immediately gets the sense that he’s forgotten something major—if he can just figure out what it is, maybe he can salvage this. Heart racing, he runs through his memories, pulls up what little knowledge of important dates he’s retained over the years. What holidays are even around this time? Isn’t Memorial Day in September? Or is that Labor Day? For some reason, he always gets the two confused. But why would either of those even matter to Cas? There’s something he’s missing, he just can’t figure out what, and he can tell by the look on Cas’ face, the slight frown, the gentle disappointment, that it’s something that really matters, that he shouldn’t play it off as a joke.
Dean and Cas both work Christmas Eve but have Christmas Day off, and Dean is halfway excited about it until he wakes up on Christmas morning to a call from Victor.
Dean clenches his jaw, doesn’t move as his hand continues to throb. After a few long moments, he sighs and says, “At least get me a fresh towel so I don’t bleed all over their car.”
Dean had stood right there this morning and sighed to himself as he contemplated the entirety of the fridge’s contents: the nearly empty gallon of milk, the few slices of cheese and lunch meat, the jars of mayo and grape jelly. Now there’s other shit in there, too: eggs and bacon and strawberry jam, a package of ground beef and another of chicken, lettuce and tomatoes, carrots and broccoli and a bag of spinach, ranch dressing and ketchup and mustard. When he opens the pantry, there are english muffins in there with the bread, and peanut butter and potato chips and three different flavors of cereal and--
“Things aren’t going to fall apart if you take one day off to take care of yourself,” Dean says, sitting up the rest of the way. He holds his hand out towards Cas. “Give me your phone. I’ll call in for you.”
The heat spreads across Dean’s cheeks, burns behind his eyes. “I don’t—I don’t think that. But it’s just…”
Dean leans his hip on the counter, faces Cas as he idly dries his hands. “You ever wonder,” he says, “what it would have been like, if we had, y’know. Had more time together on Earth. If maybe...I dunno, maybe if you were human and we got to grow old together.”
“Sorry,” Cas murmurs. He starts to pull his hand away, but Dean catches it with his own. When Cas looks back, Dean meets his gaze. He’s smiling.
Dean figures Cas probably isn’t hungry, either, if he doesn’t need sleep right now, but Cas says yes when Dean offers him breakfast.
Dean wakes with a crick in his neck, blearily trying and failing to sit up. After a few moments of fruitless struggling, he realizes the source of his difficulties: Someone placed a blanket over him while he was sleeping.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees. He taps his fingers against his phone through the fabric of his jeans. “Whatever we want.”
He trudges his way up flight after flight of stairs, at last opening the door to the roof. For a long, stunned moment he just stands there, taking it all in.
Dean grins, walks over and opens it in a rush, finds Cas standing there looking almost sheepish, shifting from one foot to the other. He says, predictably, “Hello, Dean.”
“I really want to keep trying to get this working,” Sam says. “How about you head down there to get things started and I’ll catch up?”
“I picked up some groceries on my way home from work,” Castiel says from behind him. Dean startles, nearly closes the cabinet on his own hand.
Dean looks up in time to see Max and Alicia nodding, but then they share another look. Alicia chews her lip, looks down at the table, but Max leans forward and asks, voice low, “What about the other rumors?”
“Well, uh...” Dean says, finally, once he’s run out of excuses to stay in the kitchen. “If you need anything, just let me know.”
“Saved it for what?” Dean asks, meeting his gaze as if in challenge. “For this? To watch it die slowly, if not this time, then another. There’s always another hunt, always another apocalypse. And that’s all this is, another apocalypse, just one that we can’t stop. Why do we fucking bother?”
Dean brainstorms what to do for Thanksgiving. He’s waiting for Cas to get home from work, distractedly chopping up vegetables for their dinner as he tries to decide on what to make. In spite of what Cas said, he’s tempted to go with what he knows is standard fare -- turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes, pie. Then again, he could also see himself going a completely different route, making something else entirely, maybe pizza or meatloaf or--
Something’s always stopped him before. He tries to remember, now, what all his reasons were for keeping Cas at arm’s length. Maybe he was worried it would get in the way of the job, would be a distraction, all that easy access to such a simple, satisfying comfort. Or maybe he was just worried about screwing things up like he always does.
“I’m not a mind reader, Dean. I can’t just magically know how you feel. And all you’ve told me is—is how nothing fucking matters, and how you’re just trying to distract yourself from thinking about it. What am I supposed to think?”
“If the CDC knew about what we do for a living,” Dean argues, “they would tell people to avoid that, too.”
Cas turns to smooth down his collar. “You can,” he says. “You can go and eat dinner and talk to your brother and let him pay for your food, because he cares about you and wants to do something nice for you.” Dean starts to protest, but Cas simply repeats, “It’s going to be fine.”
“I’ve been, but not in this century,” Hannah volunteers. They squint, thinking. “When was Harvard founded? 1635? ‘36?”
For instance: He remembers in visceral detail every single time he’s watched Cas die, sometimes still gets caught off guard by the sense memories, the smells that will remind him of that beach or that building or that reservoir. He remembers the exact weight of Cas’ waterlogged trench coat as he pulled it from the water, held it in his hands, let it drip on his shoes, shoved it into the trunk of his car. He remembers what it felt like every time Cas came back after Dean thought he was gone forever, the shape of him in Dean’s arms.
Dean starts brainstorming ideas for pizzas as soon as he gets back to the bunker. He finally has all the details planned out and is getting ready to pick a day, to start letting everybody know when to be home, when Sam pops into his room and says, “Hey, got a case up in Wisconsin near where mom’s at that looks like a two person job. You cool to go help out?”
Max and Alicia glance at one another, then at Dean’s shoulder, then straight at him. Alicia asks, “Can we see it?”
“Well,” he says, “obviously we stopped Chuck. Left him to be human, and now the kid is doing a real bang-up job of things in his place, huh?” He nudges Cas’ arm, smiling.
Dean recognizes it, that excitement. Remembers feeling like a kid on Christmas morning for the first time in his life when he realized he had a space that was finally his.
The angel spent the better part of an hour watching from the corner booth as Dean nursed one beer, then another, then another. Dean watched the TV hanging on the wall above him. Keeping his eyes focused there, above and a little to the left, he could see the angel’s wings spreading around him on the seat, disappearing into the shadows under the table.
“Can I get one of those?” Sam asks hopefully as Dean rises from the table. “I’ll trade you cleanup duty for it.”
objectively good and Dean is simply incapable of enjoying it. He was raised on MSG and high fructose corn syrup and maybe he just can’t tell, maybe his taste buds are permanently broken.
Dean saw his first one when he was four. He was sitting in the back of an ambulance, his dad a few feet away holding Sammy tight to his chest, and no one had told him yet that his mom was dead.
The fifth try yields a workable room—a couple shelves it’ll be easy enough to shove to one side, a drain in the center of the concrete floor, a lonely sink in the back corner. He shoves the poor little plant under the faucet, giving it a good long drink, before he heads back for the rest.
Dean leans down to give Cas one last kiss before heading to the bathroom to get ready for bed. “All yours,” he says once he’s finished. He waves lazily as he says, “G’night, Cas.”
They sit across from one another in a McDonald’s, Dean eating a hot fudge sundae while Castiel inhales the first of his four value menu cheeseburgers. The bright florescent lights highlight the dark circles under his eyes, the dirt under his fingernails, the wrinkles in his suit and trenchcoat.
Dean turns back to the last of his beer to find Sam watching him intently. “Something on my face?” he asks as he downs the rest of his drink.
As they sit eating their lunch, Dean catches Cas smiling. He nudges Cas’ foot under the table and says, “See? Told you this was a good idea.”
Cas leans over to kiss him again before starting on Dean’s belt, and Dean stops him there—holds Cas still with his face in his hands and looks up at him, at the flush in his cheeks, his slightly parted lips.
“So,” Dean says, leaning the popcorn towards Cas in offering, “found any lives to save since yesterday?”
“What was that all about?” Sam asks—not accusingly, not angrily, but with a terrible gentleness that immediately makes Dean regret abandoning his escape plan.
-- “This thing is dangerous,” Dean declared as the credits rolled and he looked at the time -- he’s nearly forgotten to feel bad about it.
Sam nods as he grabs a carrot, chewing thoughtfully for a little before asking, “Hey, so, um. While we’re on the subject. Dad?”
He sighs, heading back into the kitchen to grab a couple forks. He shuffles into the living room and plunks them down on the coffee table along with the pie before taking a seat next to Cas on the couch.
Cas immediately tenses, and Dean knows it’s too late—Sam sees the way the Dean reacts to the movement, the way his eyes are reflexively drawn to it. He tries to be casual, hoping to play it off, stepping down into the kitchen in the hopes of making it to the table and clearing a path for Cas to escape. Instead, Cas turns with his cup in hand at the same time Dean starts moving, setting them on a collision course. They wind up brushing past one another, Cas completely ignoring Dean’s aborted attempt at a
“I don’t have a key,” Castiel says. He hesitates, shifts from one foot to the other and back again before he asks, “Can I come in?”
Instead, Cas slides closer to him, their knees knocking together, and turns off the car. He reaches up and moves Dean’s hands from the wheel, holds them in one of his own. Uses his other hand to cup Dean’s face, stroke a thumb across his cheek until Dean hesitantly turns towards him, meets his gaze.
“It’s-- I mean, don’t-- don’t even stress it,” Dean says. “You wanna come in? We’ve got...Jesus. A whole hell of a lot to catch up on.”
But what has Dean done if not always tried to make the best of what he was given? He spent every moment he had on Earth doing just that, and heaven gives him—gives them—a lot to work with.
He starts off looking for some of his favorites, books he’d borrowed from the library when he was younger and read as fast as he could so he could finish them before they left town. He manages to find copies of
Cas follows him inside once they get there, and Dean gestures to a spot on one of the beds. He tosses Cas the remote, lets him flip through the channels as he looks up a place on Yelp. It’s an easy choice -- Cavalier Pizza is the only place in town that delivers, so he calls in an order. When he hangs up, he finds Cas frowning at the TV.
Cas is curled up in a chair in the corner, watching something on his laptop. He hits pause, pulling off his headphones, and sighs. “Why do you keep doing this?”
His concern isn’t unfounded, Dean knows. He’s intimately familiar with his own inaction on this particular front, but he’d like to think that he’s asking out of something other than the need to assuage his own guilt.
Dean smiles to himself as he finishes getting ready for work. When he heads out, he leaves a post-it stuck to the inside of the door:
He stands with his drink in hand, looking at the building, the cars parked in front, the freeway a couple hundred feet away. For a dizzying moment, he wonders if he imagined the past two hours.
Dean grimaces. “I used to tell myself that,” he says. “That I was doing it for Sam. That I didn’t have any other choice. It was probably true at least some of the time, when he needed food or school supplies or whatever. The rest of the time, though...” He shrugs. “I did it ‘cause I was angry, or bitter, or a product of the system. You can spin it however you want, but the bottom line is I did it ‘cause I wanted to.”
Charlie shrugs. “Settling down, I guess. Now that I’m done with school, I figured I’d start my own consulting firm. I’m just waiting for my LLC to be set up and then I’m good to go.”
“Yelp,” Eileen says, taking another bite of her own food. “I figure if I’m going to be traveling all the time, may as well find something to enjoy about it.”
He picks up his phone and sees no new messages, no missed calls, so he puts it back down and stays in bed for a few more minutes, stretching out across his mattress. Eventually he gets up and takes a long shower, wanders into the kitchen and finds they’re out of damn near everything. He catches sight of Sam sitting hunched over his laptop in the library as he heads out.
Dean’s hand stutters, just for a moment. “So?” He picks up speed and Cas groans, tilts his head back.
When he’s finally done throwing up, Dean leaves Cas to take a piss while he gets him a glass of water. He makes him drink it and take a couple ibuprofen, ignoring the quiet, desperate way Cas is looking at him every time their eyes meet.
Dean’s last thought, before he drifts off, is that he’s pretty sure he could hear that forever and it would never get old.
Cas nods against Dean’s shoulder. They sit quietly, the TV on in the background. As one episode ends and another begins, Cas finally speaks.
Cas is worse by the time they make it back to the apartment, Dean needing to keep a steadying hand on Cas’ arm to help him walk up to their door. Once they get inside, he falls against Dean, clinging to his shirt.
“Well,” Mary says, “looks like this is a bust for tonight, anyway. Let’s get some rest and then we can wrap this up tomorrow?”
It really is nice being up here, Dean thinks. It makes him forget for a while that over a hundred thousand people are gone for good, that this pandemic has no clear end in sight, that someday he and Cas and Sam are all going to be dead and buried or burned, they’ll be in the empty and he won’t fight it and none of this will have meant anything at all.
Dean ticks things off on his fingers as he talks at Sam’s back, trying to keep pace with him as he power walks down the hall. “I can’t spend another day binge-watching TV. I’ve read everything I wanted to read. I finished all the repairs I’d been meaning to make to the Impala, and she’s looking good as new, if not better. I’ve gone on as many drives to nowhere as I can stand. I’ve cooked so much that the fridge and freezer are both full and shit’s gonna start going bad before we can eat it. I don’t even want to think about what kind of stereotype I’ve become now that I’ve got a sourdough starter going. I’ve cleaned this place of every speck of dust that’s been here since the fifties. I need something else to do.”
“Oh,” Jennifer says. “You must mean Joanna Nelson?” At Cas’ nod, Jennifer turns back to her computer, pulls up Joanna’s records. “Mmm,” she says, frowning slightly. “It looks like she hasn’t had any visitors in a while.” Cas smiles sadly as she continues, “That’s usually how it goes, with cases like these, but--”
Dean reaches his hand up, lays it over Cas’ own where it still rests against his cheek. “How’d you get so good at this, huh?” he asks, a little hoarsely. He runs his thumb against Cas’ knuckles and hopes he gets what he means—this tenderness, this comfort, this honest emotion. All of it.
They wrap up the case with a good old fashioned smiting. It’s early enough in the evening that Dean could get a head start on the drive, probably make it back to the bunker by tomorrow night. It’s probably what he should do, rather than burning more money on another night in a motel, but instead he finds himself fiddling with his keys rather than getting into the Impala, watching Cas’ back as he walks towards his truck.
Dean swallows the lump in his throat, which might be his heart. "How is Daphne?" he asks again, because he wants to know, and because he has no other means of hurting himself right now.
"But you did the impossible. Because you're you. And because...you're a dumb son of a bitch who doesn't know when to quit." He laughs, or thinks he does "Anyway, sorry for trying to stab you. I was a little on edge."
“Don't worry, we'll have your project back up and running. HGTV will be banging down your door before you can say ‘feature wall’.”
“Oh, right! Our uncle Bobby used to take us to see basketball games there sometimes,” Dean said, smiling in earnest.
Lisa is kind and strong, and she inherited her late husband's land. He's almost certain Ben is his, and he loves her, sort of, but...
There was something familiar about the signature of the engine as the car approached, something that made him narrow his eyes as he attempted to place it, then widen them once he did. The dusty gold bulk of a Continental pulled into view and then rumbled to a halt. Dean dropped the tire iron into the grass. The engine switched off, clicking as it began its laborious cool-down process. Dean felt rooted to the spot as a familiar figure emerged and shut the door behind him with a decisive thud.
"No, listen. I get it, okay? I do. You just lost someone important, and I might as well be a stranger, right? So if you don't want to...that's. That's fine. But I can't marry Anna, not now that I know you're here."
There was too much there, too much under the surface, dim shapes moving under the water. Each one was vying for his attention, and each one was dangerous.
The kingdom mourns. Hunter-kings from other countries pay their respects, queens and empresses send gifts, and every flag flies at half-mast. The palace is draped in black, and remains that way until the last of the smoke from the Pyre clears.
“I know,” Sam said quietly. He seemed shaken, but refused to look away. Dean looked back at the road. “I know that, Dean. But
Sam still said nothing, but took a long drink of his coffee, staring into the middle distance. “Maybe he'd like to hear from you when one you
bleeding to death or in mortal fucking peril for once,” he said at last. He crushed the paper cup and walked off to throw it away.
In the end, it wasn’t even up to Dean. He felt a hand grab and twist at his shirt front, and another pull him forward by the hip. Suddenly Cas’ mouth was on his, firm and sure, a point of shocking heat against the unnatural chill of the barn. Dean felt it down to the soles of his feet.
kill me, actually, when he made his ultimatum. I never told you about that, did I?” Cas asked, shoving his hands in his pockets. “That was a particularly unpleasant beating. I think he got carried away. Hannah told me he enjoyed doling out discipline.”
Cas shook his head, looking thoughtful. “Ghosts may be driven by emotion, but they’re extremely regimented in their logic. It’s highly unlikely it was a fluke. There’s a pattern here. We’re just not seeing it yet.”
Just as quickly as it appeared, though, the vision of Cas vanishes. Dean can't breathe, can't think, can only run into the storm and call out. Nothing but the thunder answers him, and eventually he goes back inside and stares into the fire until morning.
Dean laid salt lines around the doors and windows. Sam patrolled the grounds with the EMF meter, which promptly went nuts. Alec watched, leaning against the wall with crossed arms and a raised brow, but said nothing. Dean wondered if the man owned a hairbrush. Or a razor.
"Right. It was a self defense mechanism and she...uh. As the men came in, she kissed me, and then fell over. Like she was saying goodbye. Her hair turned white."
“Mmm,” said Zack, thoughtfully. “I think he's asleep. Poor guy hasn't been sleeping well, as you might imagine. Well, neither have I, really. But it doesn't seem to happen during the day, so we've been napping in shifts. He really is...”
They hadn’t been in time for Carson City. Dean had changed that tire in record time, but not quite fast enough.
“Your library has nothing useful on this subject. Plenty about werewolf mating habits though. Which, by the way, what the
“Okay, so, that's kinda weird for a woman in white case, not gonna lie.” At Alec's slightly alarmed face, he added: “Don't worry, we deal with way,
,” Zack said with a nod. He was leaning against Alec slightly. “That beading, those orange blossoms. I don’t know how I didn’t notice before.”
Dean shakes his head. "No, you're not. But give me a room full of all the eligible women and men in this place and...I'd rather have you, cursed or not. Anyway, we're all cursed. Do I seem like good luck to you?"
?” Sam asked, all his studied nonchalance giving way to disbelief. “Uh, I dunno, Dean. Maybe to see how his search is going?”
“Anyway, Dean. Most of the time, I think he’s doing what he thinks we would do. He gets called and he goes. And I mean, he’s an angel. He
“Of course we were in separate bedrooms,” Alec said shortly, nursing another cup of coffee. He'd taken the time to get dressed in jeans a cool white linen shirt, but hadn't shaved. Dean heard the rough scrape of two-day stubble as Alec ran a hand over his jaw. “And no, it wasn’t exactly at the same time. It was almost like she was going back and forth between us, really quickly. But like Zack said: it was a young woman in white. Looked to be twenty, maybe?”
deserve some, I mean. Oh, hey, PB and J.” He leaned over Zack’s shoulder to pick up a sandwich and wandered away with it, apparently lost in thought. Zack’s eyes followed Alec for a long time.
“Right,” Cas said. Dean saw his throat work around unvoiced words for a moment. “Dean?” His eyes were very wide in the half light. He looked…uncertain? Frightened? Dean wasn’t sure, but he was suddenly gripped by the need to correct whatever translation Cas was writing out in his head. He nodded, grabbing Cas’ hand and pulling him out into the sunlight.
“He let me live, Dean,” Cas said. “None of the others would have. A lesser angel taking on an archangel is like...it’s like a housecat facing off against a lion. There’s no hope of winning. To even attempt it is...madness. But then, madness seems to be one of my defining features, even when I’m in my right mind.” He smiled faintly and looked at Dean, as though for confirmation. When none was forthcoming, he laid his hand on Dean’s arm, another reassuring gesture. “He put it back, anyway. There was no permanent damage.”
Sam was carefully staring out of the window at the monotonous landscape. Southern Georgia slowly melted into Florida, by way of black signs with garish neon lettering. Some advertised the kind of strip clubs that Dean had no desire to investigate. Most, though, seemed to hawk fruit and, bizarrely, fireworks. Dean didn’t want to imagine the mess if
They were silent a few moments, looking down at the crumpled note. Dean heard Sam breathe in, as though to speak, but he said nothing. He did it again. Dean narrowed his eyes in Sam’s direction.
“I can,” Cas said, “occasionally do things that don’t involve smiting.” The air seemed to grow steadily colder with each word, until Dean expected to see his breath on the next exhale.
?” Something like anger pricked at Dean’s chest again, but he held it at bay. Sort of. “Seriously? Is that, is that really an appropriate use of your time?”
Suddenly Zack appeared at the table, holding a large tray of sandwiches. “Snack break?” he asked, brightly. “Given how weird our sleep schedule has been, we probably won’t eat dinner until about ten o’clock.”
He was only gone a moment, though, before he walked back into the room with a strange look on his face.
“It’d be good to have you along, is all,” Dean said, looking down, after realizing that they’d both been sitting silently for the last few minutes.
Cas said nothing, and, had he been the kind to fidget, as Dean was, he clearly would have been doing it now. Dean loosened his grip on the tire iron, aware that his fingers had started to hurt. “I mean, what’s there to do? It’s a
And so, when Castiel went missing, all those years ago, after some of the most intense fighting in living memory, everyone knew he was dead. He was a ferocious fighter and a brilliant tactician but there were none left alive after Azazel and Crowley joined forces.
Dean didn’t need a light to read the look his brother was giving him. It seemed to turn the air subtly cooler.
to you?”  The backs of Dean’s thighs hit the Impala heavily as he settled next to Cas. “That bastard kicked your ass and shoved you in some Heavenly locker. Don’t you remember?”
look, having worn it more than once himself. Well, that explained some yesterday’s weird tension, he guessed.
He needed to get out of here and not sit like some dumbfuck teenager in a slasher flick. He drew in a deep breath and prepared himself to run. He grabbed the door handle, and the cold metal bit into his skin. No. Everything was far too quiet, and he couldn’t get a read on where the ghost was. He let go, and cleared a patch from the frost with his sleeve.
“Yeah,” Dean said, for lack of anything more eloquent. “Don’t worry about it. I, uh, I’m glad you got your car back.”
“Dean reads,” Sam said quickly. “Oh. I mean, heh, yeah, turns out your woman in white is actually a woman in a wedding dress.”
Cas shook his head. “No, I have no idea where he is. They put him with Karen somewhere; I suppose to dissuade him from trying any more heroics.”
“I'm so glad you could make it,” Zack said, suddenly turning serious and exhausted again. “I don't know what I'm going to do. I've sunk so much money into this place already, and the last few days have been...well. Alec is hellbent on heading back up to Sioux Falls as soon as he can, but we've had to take the car to the garage.”
“Sorry, sorry, that was mean,” Jessica says, taking back her phone. “Anyway. How about you? Tell us about yourselves. What do you do, Dean?”
“Yeah,” Dean says, grinning at him. “Sounds like we’re gonna have a lot more time to just do--” he gestures widely with one arm-- “whatever we want.”
“We need to set up barricades here--” Dorothy points to a spot on the map-- “and here,” she adds, pointing again. “But for that, we need materials. We’re sending you to the forest to the west of town along with one of our supply carts to gather as much wood as you can.”
“Hey, um,” Sam says, drawing Dean’s attention back to him. “I just wanted to…” He takes a deep breath, looks down at his feet, scuffs his shoe against the sidewalk. “I wanted to say I’m sorry.”
“Thank you,” he manages, closing his eyes and chewing slowly. He tries to ignore the feel of Dean’s hands against his skin as he pulls off his boots and socks, focuses instead on the sticky sweet candy, the chocolate melting against his fingertips, the peanuts getting stuck in his teeth. He’s not even half done by the time Dean maneuvers him to undo his jeans and slip them down over his legs.
Cas doesn’t say anything in response to that. When Dean looks up, he’s sitting there, not eating his cereal, just fiddling with his spoon, his expression carefully blank.
Castiel catches it with his free hand, laughing softly as he heads back towards the bathroom to grab some of his clothes from the hall closet. Dean takes a seat at the kitchen table and busies himself with checking his emails until Castiel reemerges, fully clothed but hair still a mess.
Alicia nods. “Chuck may not have been the best writer--” Max snorts, and Alicia rolls her eyes-- “but he sure must have liked Castiel. Everything about him seemed larger than life, you know?”
Sam sighs, rolls his eyes in a very little brother kind of way. “Look, things are hard, and we’re all trying to find meaningful ways to spend our time. Eileen and I are choosing to spend ours on each other.” He shrugs, pushing off the table to stand. “Maybe you should look at what you decided to do and try to figure out what that means to you.”
Dean heads to the bathroom, takes a piss and brushes his teeth as fast as he can. By the time he finishes, Cas is still moving around in the kitchen, rinsing off their plates, putting them in the dishwasher.
Dean throws his hand up, lets it fall back onto the bed. “Nothing, man, just.” He sighs again. “I just wanna know what’s going on with you.”
Cas shrugs. “Not as much as you’d think. Humans have a remarkable capacity for explaining away things they don’t understand. God himself was here and your sun was dying and your news has already found a rational explanation. They’ve interviewed experts, prepared reports, talked it to death.”
Dean shakes his head, taps the glass sitting next to the plates of food. “Water first,” he says, then adds, “Here,” as he hands Cas a couple ibuprofen.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut as Cas leans forward, as he presses a kiss to the corner of his mouth—so easily, so gently that it makes Dean’s breath catch in his throat.
“I dunno, man,” Dean says, throwing his hands out to the side. “You’ve just been. Off. But even so, this clearly isn’t something you actually needed help with, so I just--”
“It’s based on what the Brits had,” Sam says. “Or, well, it will be. I’m just doing the basic coding right now, setting up the algorithms that’ll search for potential hunts, pull from their records--”
Market stalls line the streets in the town square, devoid of customers and shopkeepers alike. All attention is focused on the platform in the center of the square, where two women stand, talking to the crowd of people below. Both wear bright white doublets emblazoned with a multicolored flag.
It’s still too early for anyone else to be up, so Cas sits alone at the kitchen table, picking up where he left off in
Sam glances over at Dean, across the table at Cas, who is stubbornly looking down at his phone, scrolling as he sips his coffee. “Well, uh,” Sam says, clearing his throat. “I have to—yeah.”
He stops in his room just long enough to change into his around-the-house clothes, but as he slips out of his flannel, something on his shelf catches his eye and everything clicks into place.
Dean finished his last beer, then knocked back a shot and sauntered over, leaned against the table with his arms crossed.
“Ah,” Dean says. He looks away, taps his fingers against his leg as he thinks. “Obviously I don’t get what it’s like to be an angel,” he says eventually, shrugging, “but...‘Let me tell you what I do know: I am more than one thing, and not all of those things are good.’”
Dean shudders beneath him, muscles straining—he’s not as flexible as he used to be, his legs protesting against the angle at which they’ve been bent to allow Cas to look him in the eye as he thrusts into him. Or, Christ, maybe it’s just that something has happened that he once never would have considered possible—he’s gotten old. “Do you think you were right?”
It doesn’t quite work out as he planned. He wakes the next morning with his face pressed into the pillow, and when he groans and opens one eye, Cas is there, sitting next to him in bed, holding an open book in his hands.
Dean sits next to his mom in the library afterwards, nursing a beer. He says, “Hey, if you wanna stick around for a couple days, we could have that dinner I was talking about.”
Dean stops with a forkful of food halfway to his mouth. “Wait, don’t tell me you think this is going to last into the winter?”
It should be simple, once they’ve been pointed in the right direction. It should just be a matter of Cas following the clues, using his super-human senses or whatever other tricks angels always seem to have up their sleeves to track the thing back to its lair. Instead, he seems...off. Distracted, maybe. But every time Dean asks him if he’s okay, he says he’s fine. Eventually all he gets in response is an annoyed sigh, so he stops asking.
He laughs as Cas switches from one outfit to another with a little flourish of his hand—a suit and vest and coat all in black, leather pants and jacket, jeans and t-shirt and flannel, and then, absurdly, a sloth onesie, and less absurdly, a perfect Han Solo getup.
It already feels like he’s been trapped in the bunker for a decade—the thought of doubling down is, to put it generously, mildly horrifying.
They slip out of the rest of their clothes, and Dean kisses Cas the three steps into the shower, pausing only to reach up and wash the dirt off Cas’ face for good.
“Yeah, yeah, don’t let it go to your head,” Dean says, rolling his eyes. He braces his hands on his knees as he stands, then reaches his arms into the air, stretching. “You really spend hours each day doing this? My back is already killing me.”
Next comes the antibiotic cream over everything, then gauze wrapped around the rope burns, Sam passing everything to Dean as he needs it. Dean tapes a final piece of gauze against Cas’ neck, then pulls his hands away and stands.
As an adult, Christmas is easier. Christmas gives you warnings, makes it impossible for it to sneak up on you. The weather changes, gaudy decorations pop up in storefronts, strings of lights appear on every street, half the radio stations become insufferable. Dean always knows Christmas is coming, and when a hunt falls around that time, his FBI cover makes for an easy lie. People will accept his quips about crime never taking a break, and if they’re cool enough, he’ll subject them to his terrible Bison impersonation, his cheeky grin as he says,
Dean may not know what time it is without looking at his phone, and it might even take him a second to pinpoint the day of the week, but he knows Cas pretty damn well by this point and can tell when he’s lying nine times out of ten. “Okay,” he says, “well, are you gonna tell me why you’re being so weird?”
“I did,” Dean says. “Better, worse, here or in whatever version of the afterlife I deserve, it doesn’t matter. People are going to keep suffering and dying anyway. Myself included.”
“Thank God for twenty-four hour restaurants,” Dean says as they pull into the Burger King parking lot.
Cas sighs, but he lets Dean pull him from the car, lets Dean sling his arm around his shoulder and drag him into the motel room while Sam digs around in the trunk.
“Cool,” Dean says, grinning. As they head out of the graveyard, he pulls his phone from his pocket, blinking in the light from the screen.
“Cas,” Dean says, finally, as they stand on either side of the Impala. “Why did you really call me?”
Dean chuckles as he sits. “Seriously, though,” he says, smile fading, “you know I owe you for getting me this job. I’m not gonna screw it up.” He puts on his headset. “Anyway, time for my regularly scheduled clobbering.”
Cas starts digging for change at mile one hundred twenty-eight. By the time they’ve hit the exit, he’s managed to collect a few scattered coins from the glove compartment. He holds his hand out across the seat expectantly. As they come to a stop, Dean digs a few quarters out of his pocket and drops them into Cas’ palm before he opens his door.
Dean shrugs. “Not a lot to tell. She ran a bar with her girlfriend, and at first I thought it was just a gimmick, you know, something to bring customers in, an angel and a demon running a--”
“Well, no,” Cas says. “If I watered them that often, I’d kill them. But I like to come up here and read, or listen to music, or sometimes just sit and think.”
“Wait,” Cas says, stopping him with a hand held up between them. He looks up and away from Dean, squinting as though he’s trying to see straight through the bunker to the world outside. “Let’s give it a second to see if Chuck is going to bring the bunker down on top of us—No?—Okay, then.”
Sam calls their friends as Dean drives, checks in on them one by one, explains what happened. For once, Dean doesn’t get tired of hearing the same story told over and over.
He knocks on Cas’ open door, and as he looks up from his laptop, he says, “Hey, catch.” He lobs the bottle of sunscreen to Cas underhand, grinning as he catches it midair, looking almost bored by the fact that Dean aimed a projectile directly at his face.
“So,” Dean interrupts, looking down at the body lying between them. “Heart missing, huh? You thinking werewolf?”
And then one day he woke up and realized he’d done everything he wanted to do. He stood in the middle of the library, struck with the sudden realization that if this is a vacation, it’s one where he has to wear a mask whenever he goes out to get groceries—curbside pickup only, Sam insists—where he has to stay six feet away from everyone else, where they don’t get to visit Jody or Donna or literally any of their very few friends who are still alive, where there’s nothing to hunt and nowhere to go.
“That’s because you’re paying half the rent but all of the utilities,” Cas says matter-of-factly. “And you do nearly all of the grocery shopping, and you have to pay for car insurance and I don’t, and you added me to your phone plan but won’t let me give you any money for it--”
There’s a long moment of silence during which Dean has plenty of time to imagine Cas telling him he’s insane, getting out of the Impala, and slamming the door behind himself.
Dean grins as he tucks his phone between his ear and his shoulder so he can talk while he finishes rinsing his dishes. “Not that I’m complaining,” he says, “but isn’t our generation supposed to be allergic to making phone calls?”
Cas’ stomach flips. By the time Dean has come back with his own plate, he still hasn’t picked up his fork.
Dean shifts in his seat. When his leg bumps against Cas’, he quickly pulls it back. “I mean, I didn’t know, at the time, that it wasn’t you. You were acting pretty weird, even before that. And going off on your own in the first place...I guess I thought that after what happened-- I mean, you died, man. Like for real, all the way dead. And I figured after that you wouldn’t run off without me, or that you’d stick around more, or-- I dunno. I just thought something would have changed.”
“Not a thing,” Castiel says, and Dean laughs. “I like hearing you talk about her, though,” he adds. He traces his fingers over the chrome around the window. “She’s beautiful, Dean. You’ve taken very good care of her.”
Everything shifts slightly, the pressure on his back and the grip on his arm letting up a little, the gun moving, mercifully, away from his head.
Dean leans back in his chair as they return to their phones. He looks around at his family crowded around the tables, smiles as their voices wash over him.
Dean picks up his phone and checks the weather. “Actually,” he says, “it’s really nice outside. Mid-70s.”
They meant to keep driving until they hit Albuquerque, but they give in and pull off the freeway when Dean says he can’t possibly make it to the next rest stop.
“Could be cool to bring a couple of chairs up here,” Dean says. “If you wouldn’t mind some more company every now and then.”
Sam huffs a laugh. “Yeah, to put it mildly,” he says. “Guess they call jobs in big law ‘the golden handcuffs’ for a reason. And anyway, it just didn’t feel right. I wound up leaving as soon as I could afford it.”
Cas looks up at him at that, considers him carefully. “I appreciate you offering,” he says. “Thank you.”
Mary and Dean finish giving a basic overview of everything that’s happened as they finish their food -- saving the world, Mary coming back, the bunker, the Men of Letters. The usual. Krissy listens with rapt attention until they’re done, and then they turn their attention on her.
After another pass to find some pajamas, Castiel goes to try everything on. He winds up with a decent selection, carrying his armful of clothing to the cashier. As she rings everything up, Dean watches the total rise, heart racing, until finally he forces himself to look away, pretend to be interested in the cars driving past outside. He misses the cashier telling him the total, and it’s only at her insistent “Sir?” that he turns back toward the register. He swipes his card and signs the screen without looking at it, crumpling the receipt the cashier hands him and shoving it into his pocket as they head for the car.
“To be fair,” Cas says, “I get plenty of use from the stuff in the kitchen, and I do intend to use the TV myself.”
Dean laughs, says, “Fair enough.” He leans back against the bench, watches people coming and going. “So. What’re you gonna do now?”
“I believe you once referred to us as a couple of dumbasses,” Cas says, pressing his lips to the corner of Dean’s mouth.
They make their way to the elevators in silence, then down the hallway and into one of the rooms. Dean stands next to Cas and looks down at the woman lying there.
“It was fine!” Cas says. “You said you were in your dream for days and I wasn’t even in mine for one. You had plenty of time. I was fine.” At Dean’s puzzled look, he snaps, “What?”
Castiel laughs quietly to himself as he goes back through the rack of shirts. This time around, he chooses some button-downs in solid colors and simple patterns, some soft sweaters, a few t-shirts. They move on to the pants next, Castiel picking out a few pairs of slacks and jeans. He pauses with a hand on some warning-sign yellow pants that zip off into shorts.
Dean is still in the middle of rolling his eyes when Cas leans the rest of the way across the table and kisses him.
Dean could describe, if asked, the exact feel of Cas’ stubble the first time they kissed, or the curve of his shoulder the first time Dean slipped him out of his shirt. He could talk at length about the first time they met, the way something intense and electric had crackled in the air between them in that barn and for years afterwards. Before that, things get fuzzy, though he’s managed to hold onto bits and pieces—Cas’ radiance in the darkness, the burning, cleansing cold that flowed through him as Cas knit him back together.
“Ah,” Dean says. He hesitates for a moment, sighs, and then says, “So, uh. Thanks. For helping me out yesterday.”
“Yeah,” Dean says. He reaches down and pulls his shirt up and over his head, tosses it somewhere to the side of the stairs. “Like, for instance,” he says, getting an arm around Cas’ waist, pulling their hips flush, pressing their bare chests together, kissing Cas and smiling against his mouth. Dean ghosts his free hand up along Cas’ side and he shudders, breath stuttering.
Cas stares at the side of Dean’s face, frowning. “I haven’t been welcome in heaven in a long time, Dean.”
“It’s not a perfect system,” Sam agrees. “But it’s there if people want to opt in. And it’s a hell of a lot better than nothing.” He shrugs. “Anyway, in the meantime, we should just keep looking for cases the usual way.”
Dean turns and walks away, gets all the way to the end of the block and hits the button for the crosswalk. As he waits, he turns back around. Castiel is still there, sitting on the bench outside the McDonald’s. He has his elbows resting on his knees, and as Dean watches, he pulls his phone from his pocket, fiddles with it for a moment, then sighs as he gives up and puts it away.
“To this Earth, yes,” Cas says. “I-- there were a lot of things I left behind. Things I cared about. People I loved.”
Dean rolls his eyes, swipes one of his cards, grabs their cups so they can get their drinks and head to a table. “Gosh, I don’t know if we’re gonna be able to find a place to sit,” he says, looking around at the empty restaurant.
Dean snorts, immediately regretting it. “Fucking. Ow,” he says, wincing. “I dunno,” he continues, once the pain fades. “I guess I figured once all the world-ending stuff was over, you’d come stay here with us. But then you just. Didn’t.”
“I--” Castiel starts. He frowns, grabs another cheeseburger. As he unwraps it, he says, “I don’t know. I was...quite a ways from here. And now here I am. I didn’t have much say in the matter.”
In the downtime between calls from angry customers, Dean tries to figure out what to do. He runs through things he could say, like,
but he can’t do it, he can’t summon the strength. He turns on his heel and he leaves without saying a word.
Just as Dean starts to turn away again, Cas says, “So what’s yours?” Dean stops halfway. “What’s your excuse?”
Dean finishes his sandwich, puts his plate in the sink, goes to check on his laundry. He gets a reply after he’s done loading everything into the dryer:
Dean watches Sam for a long moment, his fingers flying over the keys, unperturbed by Dean’s slow response. Finally, he says, “Yeah, sure.” Sam nods absently, doesn’t even look up.
Dean forces a laugh, scratches at the back of his neck. “I, uh...not quite. I couldn’t exactly get a house in my old neighborhood, you know? They don’t loan that kind of money to people with my credit history. Or just my history, period.”
Dean spends the evening sitting in his motel room, half-watching TV as he flips his phone over and over in his hand. It’s nearly midnight by the time he finally he mutes the TV, swipes at his phone, and gives Cas a call.
“Yeah, I’ve met my fair share,” Dean says. “Didn’t really feel comfortable asking them about it, though.”
Dean laughs. “I bet,” he says. “Work’s easier when my friend Victor’s there, too. Helps to have someone to commiserate with.”
“No, no,” Dean says, “it’s-- you don’t gotta apologize for having an off day, Cas. And you were right, taking one day off isn’t gonna make or break things.” He clears his throat. “Anyway, I was thinking maybe pizza and a movie?”
he continues, “There are pieces of you all over the country, too. With all the people you’ve helped, every life you touched.”
He knows Chuck had interfered, doesn’t think he was lying about that. But even so, he had felt that surely he hadn’t been micro-managing.
“Well, I need to finish this hunt,” Krissy says, and then she hesitates, chewing her lip, before she looks up directly at Dean and says, “and then I’d have to talk to my girlfriend.”
For a second, Cas watches Dean turn away, back towards the door. When he finds his voice, he says, “You’re running away right now.”
“I dunno,” Dean says, picking at a loose thread near his knee. “I mean. We’ll be hanging out and having a good time or whatever, but there’s always that-- that moment where I realize this is temporary, or that I’m gonna screw it up somehow, or that you don’t want the same thing I want--”
The floor creaks as Cas walks down the hallway and stops to open the door he finds set into one wall. It’s largely occupied by spare pillows and blankets and sheets, but at the very bottom, tucked underneath the bottom shelf, is a familiar duffle bag, packed and ready to go if duty calls.
And then he shifts, slides closer, presses a kiss to the corner of Cas’ mouth so casually that it takes his breath away. He inhales sharply, clenching his hand against the sheets.
“Yeah, man, I do,” Dean says, sighing. “And you lying to me about it isn’t doing me any favors, okay? I’m just--” he pauses, swallows hard-- “like I said. This is it. My life’s not going anywhere.”
“What?” Dean says. “Jesus, no, it’ll be fine, it’ll just take a little work. We can bring them in and get some grow lights or something, or set up a greenhouse with some heaters.” He gives Cas an awkwardly long pause to respond before he presses on, “I looked into it and it really doesn’t seem too hard. There are plenty of spare rooms, and it’d be easy enough to rig up some lights. That way you wouldn’t have to trek out into the snow to water them. We can use one of the rooms with a sink, maybe hook it up so you can attach a hose instead of having to go back and forth with a can. Or if you did want to go the greenhouse route, they sell them at Lowe’s. Well, not in store, but we could work out the measurements, see how big of one we’d need and have it shipped.”
They fall into a routine. Sometimes they work different shifts and don’t see each other all day; others, their schedules line up well enough that they’ll eat meals and watch TV together. Some days, Dean is even tired enough or distracted enough that he forgets to check his account balance at all.
He should so the same, he knows. He should just get up and take his sad little breakfast to his room and eat alone. But he can’t stop thinking about the morning that might have been, so many mornings that could have been something else if he hadn’t messed everything up.
Sam twists the lid shut, turns to face Dean fully. He snorts. “You mean like hunters have ‘figured out’ the monster problem?” He brushes past Dean, claps a hand on his shoulder. “We just have to wait this out. It’ll be fine. You’ll see.”
Sam and Eileen spend most of the meal talking and signing at the same time, striking up an easy conversation -- Sam asks about the restaurants Eileen has been to and she talks about places from coast to coast, lists them off so quickly that Sam complains he can’t possibly write them down quick enough. His eyes light up when she says not to worry, she’s got all the info saved in a spreadsheet, her own personal database.
He moves from the entryway, letting the door swing shut behind him, and Cas startles a little, turns.
Dean looks up just in time to see Jack lowering his hand, the glow fading from his eyes. Asmodeus and his demons -- and the bars of Cas’ cell -- are nowhere to be seen.
Cas sighs and rolls over, scoots so he’s sitting up, and runs a hand through his hair as Dean sets the tray in front of him. He squints down at it and says, “Coffee?”
“We live together, dude,” Dean says. “If I’m gonna get sick, I’m gonna get sick. I’m not going to make us both more miserable in the meantime by quarantining you.”
Cas nods, so they leave their books on the blanket and head down to the water. Dean helps Cas pick out a few rocks, then shows him the perfect technique. It takes Cas a few tries, but he eventually replicates it, his rock skipping a few times before sinking into the water. Dean holds his hand up and Cas high-fives him, grinning at him and holding his gaze for a long moment before bending back down to look for another rock.
Dean lies in bed and tries to convince himself he should still give a shit about going into work. The problem is that he’s run through a dozen different scenarios, and he doesn’t see how he’s not going to wind up being evicted no matter how many hours he spends getting yelled at by people who can’t figure out how to turn their modems off and on again. He snoozes his alarm four times before he manages to talk himself into getting up and giving it his best effort, anyway, even if for no other reason than to say he tried.
“Dude, all right, take a breath,” Dean says, taking back his laptop. “I did read the article. Are we gonna get going or what? Or has your computer already called someone up to take care of it?”
Something in Dean’s chest tightens. “Oh,” he says, pausing to clear his throat. “Yeah. You too, man.”
In the silence after he stops speaking, Cas just...looks at him. But of course Cas’ looks have never been
Dean scoffs. “Tolkien hated that accusation, you know,” he says. “Has this whole rant about it and everything.” He clears his throat, and, in his best impersonation of Tolkien’s voice, says, “‘I cordially dislike allegory in all its manifestations, and--’” He stops when he feels Cas twitch under his arm. He cracks his eye open again to find Cas staring at the words on the page, eyes fixed in one place as he tries not to smile. Dean shifts his arm, pushes uselessly at Cas’ thigh as Cas huffs a laugh. “Get out,” he says, fighting his own smile.
He spends the morning moving boxes, dumping them in other rooms and turning away everyone who stops by with an offer of help. He allows himself thirty minutes for lunch and then returns to work, spends the afternoon measuring the room, sketching out a diagram, making notes, searching craigslist on his laptop.
Cas considers him for a long moment before he looks away, back down at the table. “I thought something would change, too,” he says quietly.
As they lapse into silence, eating their mac and cheese, Dean does the math. Assuming Castiel is making about what Dean makes, and they don’t screw him on hours, he might be able to afford a deposit on his own place by the time--
“No way is any friend of Dean’s getting a handshake,” Charlie says. She steps right up to Cas and wraps him in a hug as Dean watches on, grinning. For a moment Cas stands unmoving, hands twitching at his sides, but then he huffs a laugh and hugs Charlie back. “There we go,” Charlie says. “Nice to meet you, too.”
For a long, tenuous moment, there’s just the wind in the trees, the distant rumble of another car coming down the highway.
Sam shrugged at Dean’s attempt at a joke. He wouldn’t drop it. “Look, just...promise me you’ll tell him you want him to come home, Dean. Make sure he
Sam shook his head, still looking down. “There have been three suspicious deaths on this parcel of land in the last one hundred and fifty years, but two were men and one was an elderly woman—none of whom match our description.”
"A baker, huh," Dean says, and there's the bitterness, spilling out. "No ties to the outside world, just a unnoticed little life with your devoted, uh, witch-wife."
“Oh, that’s...that’s good,” Zack said, blinking as though he had something in his eye. “Excuse me, I’ve just remembered I promised to call Jody with an update.” With that, he got up and made his way into the house.
If Zack was surprised to hear that another person had showed up at his home in the middle of the night, he gave no indication. Of course, he had a dazed and dreamy expression that Dean immediately recognized as the
Dean tore his gaze away from Cas’ face and down to where Sam was pointing, a silver chain that ended at both wrists and ankles. The sight of it was enough to snap Dean out of whatever mute trance he’d fallen into. Cas needed freedom of movement. He needed to at least have a
He writes to Anna's father personally, inviting him and his daughter to the Coronation. It's Anna who replies, of course. She sends her father's regrets and her own acceptance. "I have," her letter runs, "something of my brother's that may serve as a gift."
Someone has laid a bouquet of rosemary tied with black ribbon on the gravestone. It could only be Anna; Castiel's father has withdrawn so far into his own mind he might as well not exist.
“According to the newspaper report, they played a game of hide-and-seek after the wedding breakfast. I guess it was a family tradition? You know, if he finds her, he’s destined to be in charge of the marriage. If she stays hidden the whole two hours, she’s wearing the pants.”
cruel and vindictive, to you and Sam especially. I thought you...that you might need a channel for, um, whatever it is you might be feeling. I can do that for you. I thought that’s why Sam called.”
"Or she was saying goodbye." Dean's nerves fizz with something, joy and fear mingled, something wonderful to the point of pain. Still. "Where is she now?"
“Not—not exactly,” Cas admitted. They’d drifted towards each other over the course of the conversation. “It was...I inferred it. He said you were working a case in Florida, and you might need a hand. He implied you’d both appreciate my presence. Um. I assume that what Gabriel did...”
“Mm,” Cas agreed, leaning against the hood of the Impala. “He was. It was just his way.” After a moment, he added: “Always kind to me, though.”
“Dean, I was going to tell you,” Cas said. Dean tried to ignore the way his imploring look seemed to carry the whole weight of the world in it, pressing against the terminal velocity of Dean’s anger. “It wasn’t Sam’s responsibility, it was mine. I told him I would handle it. I just...didn’t specify when. ”
He hears the smile in Cas' voice, and it makes him ache in all the places he thought were numb forever.
Much like the upstairs, the downstairs of the house was practically empty of furniture, but scrupulously clean and bright. It all smelled faintly of fresh paint. Sam sat at the table, hunched over a stack of papers, dividing them into piles as he read. He had been at it for hours.
He can't bring himself to ask the question he's come here to ask. Instead, he says, "I still think about the day we met, you know. I thought I was done for. Hell, I WAS done for! No one comes out of that pit alive." He shivered, and told himself it was the early-morning chill.
Cas looked startled, then guilty. “I needed money. She would only take cash.” He frowned a little, into the coffee he wasn’t drinking. “And I need my car if I’m to find Metatron and return him to Heaven. It’s the only way to regain Hannah’s trust.”
Cas’ discomfort increased a hundredfold in front of Dean’s eyes. “You once made a similar request of me.”
Cas blinked, slightly dazed. Dean instantly knew he wanted to see that look every day for the rest of his life.  His mind helpfully began compiling a list of how this might be accomplished.
Screw this. He wrenched the door open and hit the ground running. Ahead of him was a white shape, flickering in and out of his vision like a wan flame. He charged at it, swinging the tire iron. But the ghost was gone before the hit landed. He was alone in the yard. He turned in a circle, watching for any sign of it, but nothing appeared.
Per custom, the week after John's burial is Dean's coronation. They build the King's Pyre in the square and burn John's robes in lieu of his body. He was a harsh man and king, born and died in war, but his sacrifice ended it, an so the people revere him, if not love him. (It's a sentiment his sons share.)
Cassie is married, of course she is, she's a once-in-a-lifetime woman. He should give her husband a title.
“We’ll what, Sam? Fix it, and suddenly we’ll be in everyone’s good books again? Like, oh, hey, guys, sorry we broke the world.
Dean’s heartbeat slowed as he sat in the familiar dark of the driver’s seat. He unbowed his head and blinked himself back into the moment.
Five years. John can be officially buried—though, of course, his body was never found—as Castiel was, the year previously, in the quiet corner of the Milton family's churchyard, close to the river, where he and Dean spent so many happy hours. He visits Castiel’s grave before he goes on one of his campaigns (each one more dangerous than the last, each time, more reckless), and after, beaten and bloodied but still alive.
,” Dean spat. He tried to ignore the hesitant way Cas had said ‘you’d both appreciate my presence’, as though he thought Sam was probably wrong. Old angers were easier to deal with than current uncertainties.
And there was the whole ‘Gabriel thing’, as he had taken to calling it. But that had nothing to do with his reluctance, really. He just had enough messed up crap on his plate already without adding a whole state full.
“Yeah, coming!” Dean shouted, louder than necessary. He dragged his hand across his face and stood, feeling troubled. Cas stood a moment later. Dean stalked out of the room and took two steps into the hallway before a surprised little “Oh! Uh…” made him turn around.
“And it was a shitty thing for me to do,” Dean snapped, unable to keep his voice from rising. “You know it was. How could you…”
“I know the feeling,” Dean said. He tried to keep the bitterness out of it, but he wasn’t sure he succeeded.
“How European of us,” Alec said from behind him, coming in from the outside and bringing the smell of the open air in with him. He wiped his feet. “Speaking of dinner. We don’t really have much in the house, but we do have stuff for pancakes. I'll make us some this evening. If there are no objections to having breakfast food at night, that is.”
His phone rang, shrill in the cold silence, and Dean nearly felt his skin peel away in surprise. “Fuck!”
He hadn’t missed the subtle start of surprise when he referred to Cas as ‘a good hunter’, but Cas said nothing and obediently followed behind, with Alec forming the tail of their slightly shambolic parade.
“Sam, I'll let you handle the Norman Vincent Peale angle on this one, and I'll focus on keeping us on the road.”
in the hunting community. Need some muscle on a tricky case? Call Sam Winchester. He’ll sic his brother on it and get him back on-leash when the job’s done.
The way he says it leaves no room for discussion. "I'm..." Dean stops before the word 'sorry'. He doesn't want to lie to Cas. "I mean. It's rough, losing someone you, uh. Love."
was the story of dumb luck and getting ahead on good looks. She wouldn't have even looked at him twice if he hadn't been Disney's Next Top Model. What kind of lesson is that for kids, I ask you.”
When he’d come to, Cas was heavy in their hands, heavy in the way of stone rather than flesh, despite the warmth emanating from under his red-streaked shirt. They heaved him to his feet with considerable effort. It was only when he swayed into Dean’s space that he saw the bloody pulp where the whites of Cas’ eyes should have been, and the febrile sheen that clouded the blue. It was Sam who noticed the chains.
“He...” Dean cleared his throat again. Damn it. He needed cough drops or something. “He'd call if he was in real trouble.”
Zack was an extremely nice man, and Dean he knew shouldn’t wish him out into the cornfield. He really shouldn’t.
They always managed to pass Florida-based cases on to other hunters. These days, it always fell to Sam to outsource. None of the hunters in their network would deal with Dean unless they had to. Sam had become, Dean realized grimly, Dean’s
“Are you Zack, by any chance?” Sam asked smoothly, sparing Dean the indignity of trying to find a comeback sometime this month.
Usually, they arrived in time to quarantine the unlucky one or two whose skin bloomed black, to burn the sickness out of them with holy oil and hope that they had enough of their minds left to eventually return to a semblance of their old life.
“He said…” Sam cleared his throat, then plowed ahead. “He said, that if it came to it, if he couldn’t get better, he wanted me to take him out and then give him a hunter’s funeral. So that no one could use his vessel in order to get close to us. Apparently, it weighed on his mind a lot last year.”
“Very wise.” The approval in Zack’s voice was clear, and if he noticed the look Dean aimed at Sam, he didn’t comment on it.
But Pamela is dead, just like Cas, and John, and so many others. Dean will have to figure this out alone. He exhales sharply, nods once, and then leaves the graveyard without looking back.
“They seemed nice,” Alec observed, leaning against Zack as they stood watching the two cars disappear down the drive. “I caught Dean making out with his ex-soldier 'friend' before they left.”
“I mean,” Sam continued, ignoring Dean’s pointed ‘shut-up-Sam’ look. “He’s kind of new to the whole hunting thing, but he, uh, he’s the kind of guy you definitely want at your back. Nobody gets the drop on him, you know? A pro in combat situations.”
“Yeah,” Dean called, pushing himself away from the hood and walking back towards the house. He didn’t have to check if Cas was behind him. “Yeah, Sam. ‘Oh’ is right.”
Sam’s eyes took on a shuttered look. “Yes, Dean. I remember.” A beat. “I’m going to get our things from the car.”
you were just complaining that we haven't made an inch of progress and you were practically climbing the walls for a case.”
Dean glanced at him from the corner of his eye and saw a strange look pass over Sam's face: there and gone. He could have imagined it.
“Women in white tend to haunt the unfaithful—you know, murderous lovers, adulterers, people like that,” he said at last.
“I’ve never modelled underwear in my life. I prefer seven-card stud.” He paused, then said: “Sam and Dean make their money primarily through fraud.”
“Then I need you to drop me off at the library,” Sam said, taking a bite of toast. “We need to look up old marriage licences issued in the area. We—wow, this is good, Zack, did you
And now Dean faces the real question. He'll be King—for real, actual King—and he'll be expected to marry. Those foreign dignitaries aren't solely here out of respect for John; they know Dean's reputation as a warrior, Sam's as a negotiator, the kingdom's wealth.
Sam laughs at that, clearly imaging the ordeal a would-be kidnapper would have trying to overpower Dean, and the even greater ordeal of putting up with his personality in close quarters. Bobby glares at him, and he disguises the laugh as a cough.
'It died with you,' he thinks, resting his forehead against the cold wall. He wonders if Cas is doing the same. "Is your...your wife alright?"
Cas hadn’t asked again to heal him. Before he’d left the Bunker, he still had that thousand-yard stare you saw sometimes in people who ran towards gunfire for a living. He’d managed to whittle it down to a hundred yards by the night he walked out the door, but Dean suspected that was primarily for his benefit. Cas moved as though every particle of him hurt and it was only through sheer force of will that he held his back straight.
s again, and Dean breathes a quiet sigh of relief as he releases the shirt to continue looking. He skips over plenty of socially acceptable options to pull out a Hawaiian shirt comprised of a patchwork of four different patterns, the prints and colors clashing horribly. “How about this?” he says.
Cas pulls his legs back so Dean can sit. As soon as he’s settled in with his feet propped up on the coffee table, Cas stretches his legs back out, resting his feet in Dean’s lap.
Krissy taps at her bottom lip with one finger. “So, what, like...weird, kinda depressing shit that ultimately has some sort of message?”
“You’ve done more than enough for me, Dean,” Castiel says. He pauses, tilts his head thoughtfully. “Though...if you wanted to make cheeseburgers for dinner…”
“I-- it was wishful thinking on my part. I know you don’t--” He sighs, scratches at the back of his neck. “Even in my dream, I-- you told me you never would have made the first move, that you were too much of a coward. That it was me who forced the issue. And I don’t want you to think that this-- that this has to change anything--”
Dean takes another drink, shrugging. “Doesn’t hurt to hope, though, right? I mean, hell, I never thought we’d be fresh out of hunts, but here we are, all caught up on our backlog.”
“I thought, what if whatever you were dreaming about was better than this shit you have to deal with with us day after day, you know?” Dean says, looking at the ground. “And now you tell me about us being together, and I just-- I can’t live up to whoever I was in your dream, all right? I’m never going to be able to live that apple pie life.”
The plants have perked back up in the warmth and light, at the return of Cas’ careful attention. Not a single bedraggled looking one in the room, and Dean smiles to see it.
“I appreciate your faith,” Cas says, and Dean smiles as he pulls out a bowl, starts cracking the eggs. After a moment, Cas continues, “They’re...pleased. With this peace we’ve had these past few months. They told me--” He pauses, drums his fingers against the table. “They said I could make it last. They told me they could...fix me. And more. That they could twine their grace with mine, give me the power to stop anything else that may threaten heaven and Earth in the coming years.”
“For everything you’ve done,” Cas says. “For managing to be the person you are even after everything you’ve been through. For having your brother show up on your doorstep out of the blue nearly twenty years since you last saw him and taking it in stride.”
“We’ve been over this,” Sam says, grabbing ice from the freezer, back turned. “This is serious, and we’re going to take it seriously.”
The first day of the new year rolls in without fanfare. The most exciting thing is the office’s monthly birthday celebration, a standard one-cake-fits-all affair. Dean savors his small slice of german chocolate cake and resolves to be content with nothing but that.
“I dunno,” Dean says. He moves his hands from Cas’ hips, slides them under Cas’ own, lacing their fingers together. “Forget it.”
Cas reaches up under Dean’s shirt, grazes his thumbs along Dean’s skin just above his jeans, making him shiver. “Oh?”
“I fought it,” Cas says, pressing a kiss to a spot between Dean’s neck and shoulder, at the point where his own tan lines are sure to be forming. “I didn’t want to rest. I wanted to live.”
Charlie drops by, too, showing up on his lunch and handing him a small bag. When he opens it, he finds a gorgeous set of green dice with intricate detailing around the numbers.
“C’mon, it’s nice outside,” Dean says. “It’s gonna start getting cold and miserable here in a bit. We should take advantage of the good weather while it lasts.”
“Ah,” Cas says. He pauses, idly rubbing his hands together. “For what it’s worth,” he adds, “I know exactly what you mean.”
Sam snorts. “I was going to say ‘empathy,’ but yeah, basically.” He tabs to another screen -- the files he’s been keeping while they’ve been hunting, the knowledge they’ve collected from their own experiences as well as research they’ve pulled from the files in the bunker and digitized. “I wanna add stuff the Brits didn’t have, too. Put in our stuff and add more stuff as we go. Pool knowledge from other hunters, you know? The kind of things that don’t usually get written down. Constantly adapt it, keep it updated.”
Dean grunts an acknowledgement. “Didn’t Metatron download the whole trilogy directly into your brain?”
It could have been messy with just one or two people, but with four it’s a walk in the park. They hose the blood off their hands, and as they’re driving back towards town, Dean pulls up Yelp and finds them a bar. There’s a place called Revival Brews in Evergreen that one reviewer says is perfect for “a post-hike meal.” Dean figures trekking through the woods to hunt down some monsters is close enough.
“No.” After a long stretch of silence, Cas adds, “There are things I would have fallen for willingly, though.”
“It’s more than that, though,” Dean says. “We’ve got our own rooms, too. A kitchen, amazing showers, a washer and dryer. It’s home.”
Cas never hears the exact same blend of sounds twice. Today there’s someone watching TV in one of the adjacent rooms -- an action flick, judging by the sounds of the crashes and explosions filtering through the wall between them. There’s a group of college kids hanging out at the pool, laughing and drinking and screeching when one of them pushes another in. There are cars driving by on the highway, and every now and then, a plane flies overhead. It’s never quite the same, yet there’s a sameness to them, too, just as every hunt is different but follows a similar pattern.
Dean breathes a laugh against Cas’ hair, kisses the back of his neck. He strokes Cas slow and easy, shifting to trail kisses down his spine. When he presses his lips to the spot between Cas’ shoulder blades, Cas shudders beneath him.
“Hey, so, wait,” Dean says, just as Cas is opening the door. Cas turns back, tilts his head slightly. “So where’ve you been staying, anyway?”
“Let them go,” Cas shouts. The bars burn white-hot as he presses against them, runes flaring, forcing him back.
“Calling my mom,” Dean says. He hooks a thumb over his shoulder with one hand as he holds his phone to his ear with the other. “She’s working the hunt with me, went around back.”
Dean tries again. He clears his throat and says, “You know, if you ever need a place to crash. We’ve always got the room.”
Dean scrubs a hand down over his face, takes a deep breath. “I dunno, man,” he says. “You said all that stuff about not being welcome in heaven, and I just-- I guess I just thought--”
“Are you going to ask him to come home?” Sam asked, peering around the corner of the barn door, where it sagged open slightly. Distantly, Dean could hear the sound of Cas opening and closing the doors of his car as he attempted to undo several months’ worth of neglect. Metatron was such a dick.
“That sounds wonderful, Zack,” Alec said, and he was genuinely beaming, bright blue eyes and a slightly lopsided smile that caused something in Dean’s chest to flutter like a trapped bird in recognition.
“Do you happen to have any old records on this place?” Sam asked. “It might help us narrow down the most likely suspect for our ghost. You say it was a woman? And she was definitely wearing white?”
Sam sighed. “Damn it. I knew I should have referred Jody, but she insisted. You're going to be in a pissy mood the whole time, even
The week preceding the Coronation passes in a blur. Dean is weighed and measured by an army of tailors, glovers, hosiers, cordwainers, and other people who make items of clothing he's never even heard of before.
“Not exactly, no,” Sam said, once again placating with his voice and wreaking vengeance with his eyes. “But they can have the power of telekinesis.”
Dean wakes some time later from the creaking of the rafters. He makes his way to the window and peers into the shapeless dark. Then, a fork of lightning splits the sky, and the dark takes the shape of...Cas. Cas, there, at his window, looking at him with reproachful eyes.
couldn’t. I’m gonna guess you got your GED on your own initiative, too. Am I right?” Dean gave a bewildered nod. “I thought so. It’s impressive. Be proud.” Alec shrugged at Dean’s dumbstruck face. “Or not. But you know, it’s kind of stupid not to enjoy the benefit of something you’ve earned. Pride’s one of the benefits.”
“I need you to drive, Sam.” Dean pulled over to the side of the road and didn’t even wait for Sam’s answer.
“Sam, I appreciate your optimism. Really. I’m glad one of us has some. But you don’t Chernobyl the world and then get high fives just because you contained the leak.” He frowned. “And we haven’t really even contained the leak yet, anyway.”
“Sure,” Alec said, with a wan smile. “There's coffee in the pot. Help yourselves. Let me get dressed and I'll tell you all about my tale of woe.”
“Iron temporarily dissipates ghosts,” Sam explained. “Same with salt. We’ve got salt shells in the gun, but I’d rather not start shooting up your newly-renovated bedroom.”
He looked back up at Cas and was unsurprised to find himself being watched. Cas’ expression shifted again, to something open and intent.
“Speak of the devil,” Zack said, grinning at him, and then at Sam and Dean. “This is Alec. Alec, these are the guys Jody mentioned. Sam and Dean Winchester. They're here to help with the, uh...phenomena.”
“Oh, um.” Zack drank the remainder of his orange juice in one long gulp. “No, actually. Thank the Lord. Not a sign of her all night. I
Dean saw Zack’s eyes widen at that, but he was already climbing the stairs and didn’t hear the rest of the exchange. Cas had agreed to stay in the bedroom until they had alerted Zack to his presence. He didn’t bother knocking. Cas sat on the edge of the bed, idly looking through Dean’s duffle bag of clothes and supplies.
“But that doesn’t make any sense,” Alec said, straightening from his slouch. “We wouldn’t go outside if the ghost is outside.”
"Mm," Cas agrees. "I think they'll recover. Sam was able to, um, prevent me from using the full extent of my expertise."
through the window—though there was no sound.” He shivered. “And yeah, the Realtor gave me everything she had on the place when I bought it. Come inside and I'll let you have a look.” Seeing Dean's dubious expression, he added. “Don't worry. She may not look like much on the outside, but I promise, she's structurally sound. She's had a hard life, but she's got me to look after her now. Ah, but there I go, being a hopeless romantic again.”
“Right,” Alec said. He ran his hand through his hair, making it even more dishevelled than it had been. It irritated Dean, for some reason. “Right, yeah. Fine. We’ll...improvise.” Alec looked up at Zack with an uncertain smile. “I promise I don’t snore.”
They crept slowly upstairs. “Why aren’t you armed?” Dean hissed. “What if Sam needed backup?” Part of his mind screeched the same question at him, adding
? No, he...” Alec paused to take a sip of coffee. Above the rim of the mug, his eyebrows were drawn tightly together. “He was with someone for a long time. Someone not very nice. But he was faithful to a fault. They broke it off, finally, about nine months ago. That's why he bought this place, you know. So no, we're both single, non-adulterous, non-murderers. Sorry.”
Cas smiled faintly. “Me too.” He considered the mug in his hands, but didn’t drink. “That’s why I was in Mississippi.”
Alec snorted, though the derision seemed aimed mostly at himself. “I guess. It took me three tries to pass the damn licensing exam.”
A gust of Arctic wind seemed to come out of nowhere, slamming the barn doors closed. Dean felt the hair on the back of his neck stand up.
Zack laughed at him, the tiredness in his eyes lifting momentarily. “Just kidding, man. She said you'd be the one wearing three layers in spite of the heat.”
A text arrived a week later, as they drove towards Missouri at the behest of Dean’s ‘early warning system’.
Another startled look, this one subsumed by cool detachment, and Dean couldn’t guess the source of either reaction. His ability to read Cas had always been slightly slanted. Cas didn’t map cleanly onto the internal Emotions/Responses Grid that Dean had been using most of his life.
“He was just gonna leave you here to deal?” He’d just met Zack, but the thought of a supposed friend abandoning him with a potentially deadly threat sat wrong with Dean. He shied away from contemplating exactly why that was.
“Wait,” Dean said, noticing Sam’s lack of any input to their conversation. “Did you know about this?”
. He kind of believed the entire state was haunted. Or maybe there was a lingering curse the natives had put in the water, just to spite the Conquistadors for being total dicks. Considering the place was, like, ninety per cent swamp, there was a lot of potentially-cursed water sloshing around. Plus, it was so
“Cas is a friend of ours,” Dean said quickly, before another staring contest could begin. “Just back from a tour in the military. He came to lend a hand, since, y’know, it’s not your typical woman in white scenario. You can always use another good hunter on a difficult case, right?” Man, now he
“Hey, this coffee’s pretty good,” Alec said appreciatively, as they descended the stairs. “Where were you stationed?”
Sam’s gaze dropped to the porch steps and he slouched in on himself for a moment, before taking a breath and straightening back up. “Hey, Cas, good to see you,” Sam said, accomplishing what Dean couldn’t and sounding like an actual functioning adult.
“I asked him to stay. I did. But he was worried about distracting me.” Sam’s face twisted at the memory. “I think he didn’t want me to see how bad he was getting. I should have insisted but, well, I didn’t. That’s on me.” He sighed. “And then later, he went on some rogue angel hunt with Hannah, apparently.”
They reached the kitchen just as Cas made his pronouncement. Sam and Zack looked up, both blinking in surprise at his words. Behind him, Alec laughed quietly.
“I think this will be a good place, after all,” Zack said softly. “But...you’re going back to Sioux Falls soon and...”
“What would he possibly need to buy?” Sam wondered. “He doesn’t eat, doesn’t have a car to fill up.”
make the best pancakes in Sioux Falls,” Zack said, smiling down at the platter of sandwiches. “Gotta say I missed them these last few months.”
“Oh, so you’ll tell Sam but not me?” Dean rounded on Cas, feeling hot stabs of anger and jealousy run through him in turn. It was petulant, it was out of proportion, but he just couldn’t seem to stop the ride. There was too much momentum behind it, and a cliff up ahead. Cliffs called you to jump from them, even when you knew what lay at the bottom.
He waits. He knows how to read the signs: the flight paths of birds, the sound of thunder; a fox may bring tidings.
He’d refused Cas’ offer to heal his face, and Cas had left the next night. How he felt about that didn’t matter either.
“Thanks, that’s, um, that’s very thoughtful,” Zack said, looking a little seasick. “Just...be careful.”
They made one more check of the salt lines and then followed Zack and Alec upstairs. No one seemed to feel like speaking, and there was a line of tension that seemed to bind itself around their host and his friend, pulling tighter as they reached the hallway of the top floor. Like the rest of the house, it smelled of fresh paint and wood lacquer, but unlike the ground floor, this level showed signs of being lived-in. There were family photos on the walls. Very few recent ones, though, Dean noted. There was only one that he could see, near the front bedroom. In it, a slightly younger, much less tired Zack stood beaming at the camera with his arm slung around Alec. Alec’s hair was combed into submission beneath a slightly self conscious mortarboard hat, and he wore a billowing black robe and a brown sash around his throat, like some extra from Harry Potter.
“Uh,” Dean said, catching Sam’s eyes in the rearview mirror. “Yeah, that it can. I...I don’t know, Cas. Maybe it’s a fluke.”
“What? I mean it. You come highly recommended, and Jody is an excellent judge of character. So you’re clearly an expert in your field. Which is, ah, let’s say, highly specialized. And you’ve done that without a formal education, off your own back. Most people couldn’t. Hell,
“Anyway, don’t mind me! I found our little friend,” Sam called with overly-forceful airiness. Dean had perhaps one functioning brain cell left, and it shuddered to life as he took in what Sam meant. Dean turned hazily towards his voice.
Dean almost retorted that it wasn’t actually all that creepy, thanks, but then he remembered the way he’d given Cas a hard time about doing something similar, and so he said nothing.
“Um,” Sam said, clearing his throat. “So, do you think we could have a look at that barn sometime this evening?”
Cas brought his arms around him, at last, and Dean felt a surge of grace move through him, practically singing with relief and happiness. A joyful noise, indeed. It matched his own feelings, note for note.
The gas station came into view: a ramshackle thing with a cracked concrete forecourt and two grimy pumps. A handwritten sign advertised hot coffee; another, a vacancy for a part time cashier. An image of a giant flamingo in the window offered the only splash of color.
“I asked for access to the Archives directly. I tried to convince them it would be in everyone’s best interest if we worked together on this. But Hannah feels that I’ve...” he paused, and he seemed to have difficulty swallowing for a moment. “Hannah dealt with the angels who attacked me, but she’s unwilling to act as my intercessor anymore.” Again there was that look of despair, though Cas masked it so quickly this time that Dean wouldn’t have noticed if he hadn’t been staring. “Our talks stalled. I created a distraction and I...opened a window, let’s say. A small one. Getting in and out has been a challenge, but I managed.”
“Shit.” He didn’t really want to go smashing up the car, and all the windows he’d replaced, but he also didn’t want to get ganked by a ghost. Such were the choices in life.
As this strange conversation continues, Dean ends up behind behind the altar. He knocks twice, but this time there's no answer. He does it again. Again, nothing.  Again. The silence grows fangs and threatens to rip him apart.
Dean shrugged, a hot, bitter sensation surging through him. “I just..I didn’t want him to be stuck with nothing. Safety net, you know, just in case.”
Cas drew back slightly, as though he were trying to get a better look at Dean’s face, and Dean fought down the urge to lower his eyes like a Bronze Age shepherd. He realized with a jolt that
“To Heaven?” Dean asked. “How? Wait…” Something surfaced in his mind, something Sam had admitted to the passenger side window on a particularly long stretch of Nebraska highway. “Bobby?”
“Uh, yeah,” Sam said, shaking his head, as if to clear it from a stray thought. “That’s good. And we got a pretty good look at her, too.”
“Afraid so,” Zack said, offering his hand. “And you must be Jody's boys. Let me guess: You're Sam. She said you'd be unfeasibly tall. And you must be Dean. She said you'd probably get flustered.”
Cas pulled away completely, but kept his hand on the small of Dean’s back. The cast iron knuckles he wore dug in slightly. “She must have suffocated within an hour,” he said sombrely.
Sam went to pay, and returned carrying two cups of coffee. It was, as the sign had promised, hot, though not much else. Sam leaned against the hood with a show of casualness that set alarm bells ringing in Dean's head.
In the end it was neither, and somehow it didn’t make Dean feel any better.  The fact that Cas was ‘not great’ when he’d finally called was worrying enough. But then came: “It may be some time before we see one another again.” Dean and Sam huddled in a hospital supply room, dealing with the first wave of Darkness-related sickness, and Dean knew, from Cas’ voice, that ‘some time’ meant ‘not in this lifetime’. A part of him shut down, a cell door slamming closed.
“So, here’s the plan,” Sam began, setting down his knife and fork. “Dean and I will take the back bedroom and you guys can take the front one. At least one of you should be in bed, like you’re sleeping, since she only seems to arrive after you’ve settled in.”
“Alright,” Cas said, in a way that meant what he was agreeing to wasn’t actually possible. He looked around the room. “The heat signature in the house, and for the area within the salt lines, seems normal now. I think the ghost may be gone for the moment.”
“Only because people take advantage of you, Zachary.” Alec had emerged at some point during their hushed exchange, holding a cup of coffee. He closed his eyes and inhaled the steam it emitted. “I hate to see that tender heart of yours get broken.”
“I mean...he probably would.” The pump clicked off, and Dean replaced it in its cradle. “No, he definitely would. He always does.”
He doesn't want to. He wants Castiel. Yet it's the only possible match he can bear to consider, as he watches the smoke die day by day. He'll put it to her at his coronation. But first he'll ask permission. Not from her father, who can't even pretend to care, but from Cas.
with you? Get over here and help! Shit, he’s out. Dean, he’s burning up.” It was Sam who’d loosened his tie and sent Dean for something to pillow Cas’ head, even though they both knew, logically, that the floor would crack against Cas’ skull rather than the other way around.
Sam explained their routine with a patience that Dean couldn’t seem to muster, but all Zack said, at the end was: “Well, she’s never actually come
Cas and Sam. Sam's never been quite as skilled at hand-to-hand as Dean—that explains the black eye—but he's still a deadly force. And Cas.
“Woah, hey, easy,” Sam said, like he was gentling a spooked animal, as they set Cas down in a chair. “Enochian binding magic?” He paused. “Oh, wow, this is...heavy. Hm, we can probably pick the lock with an angel blade dipped in holy water. I think I know the incantation for this.”  Dean sometimes forgot that Sam spoke Enochian. He’d never bothered to ask where he’d learned it.
"Hunters?" Dean knows he's kind of a dick, but he's not enough of dick to wish death on an innocent woman, even if she is married to Cas. "Why? Were they mine?"
He rides to the graveyard at dawn. Sam and Bobby will look for him before long, and they'll know where to find him—but he can't bear to be found.
“He said he...he said his vessel was fine but his grace was, uh...what was it? Like he’d been put in a blender.”
“Look, just...tell him. Okay?” Sam began hammering at a cupboard with the butt of the shotgun. It splintered on the second hit. Inside there were a row of rusted knives and hooks hanging from the wall. Some had fallen to the ground as the wood rotted away.
“I was on the swim team,” Alec said, and wow, if they weren’t having a conversation like normal damn human beings. Something in Dean relaxed slightly. “And I graduated with honors from the Architecture program.”
“You’re going to just...stand in our closets and watch us while we try to sleep? Do you have any idea how creepy that sounds?” Alec asked.
Dean shook his head, seized by a strange despair. He almost felt as if someone had died. “Sam, look, I can’t…”
Dean continued to stare at him, aghast. “Your own brother rips out your tongue and you’re standing here talking about how kind he was. Do have any
"I need you to understand. You know I've been with a lot of people but you...You were different. I was happy, like I've never been. And I know what my dad would say: 'Your happiness for the good of all the people in the kingdom, no question.' But why? Why'd it have to be you?"
“Unfaithful?” Alec said, drawing back in surprise. “But that’s impossible. I'm not seeing anybody. And I’ve never cheated on anyone in the past, either. Or killed anyone, for that matter.”
