John seemed to be dreaming of many impossible things lately. He'd have to stop before they got the better of him.
fun, Sherlock. I see why Johnny likes you so much. Did you know in all that heat and death and rot he watched you for three whole decades? Not much time, considering, but still. He saw something in you. And you let him down, didn't you? You let me take him."
John pants in pain as Georgiy helps him sit up, sweat beading at his brow. His whole body feels as if it’s been speared through with a rusted knife that’s twisted and lodged in the length of his spine. He’d hit the water harder than he remembers, or at least that’s what Mikheia tells him.
"I'm not gaining the upper hand, Sherlock. That's not what you do in a healthy relationship. I'm protecting you."
It will break apart soon if John can't mend it. He can feel it, he felt it when he was drunk and yelling because he hadn't known what else to do to stop it.
"John!" Sherlock shouts, despite the futile bells ringing in his head. Heart palpitations, squeezing the air from his chest as his heart frets itself away at all the possibilities of what could have been done to his soldier, to
“Flour in her hair and not under her nails. If she’d been alive, she would have struggled. Someone set aside time to do this, two hours at least. This was calculated, not a crime of passion, but that was obvious. There’s glue residue around her wrists and ankles—I feel almost grateful that they deprived of her clothing, it’s much easier to gather information this way—which shows she was restrained with tape while she was alive, but it’s not around her  mouth, which means they wanted her to scream.”
The ground parts beneath Azazel’s body like the surface of the ocean as he collides with it, pressed into the earth by the John’s weight. Dazed, the demon lies in his own hole, and John stumbles up as rainwater drains off the street and trickles down his eyelashes and mouth and cheeks, dirty with grime and gritty bits of asphalt. He climbs out, wiping at his face with his sleeve, when Azazel comes to his senses and grabs his ankle in a vice grip, hard enough to break bone. John feels the crunch, the taunt tendons and muscle snapping like a broken violin string, and gasps in pain before he’s flying through the air again, pitched into the opposite building by Azazel’s wild throw. He feels his body make an indent in the bricks and he tumbles back down, splashing in a puddle on the pavement.
Mycroft remains tight lipped, his face lined with distaste. Sherlock’s eyes narrow as he begins to catalogue every detail about him—his posture, the creases of his mouth, the curve of his brow—and begins to draw information from their roots. The corners of his lips spelled out disappointment—the cause of death was never fully resolved, and it had left Mycroft bitter—and the softness of his procerus suggested remembrance—whether it was fond or not, it meant this man had stuck with Mycroft for a while, so their relationship was important, and seeing as Mycroft had only ever had enough time for a relationship was outside of his job, it occurred during university. So a meaningful relationship between young adults that ended in disappointment and lingering memories, coupled with the fact that Mycroft considered it a loss, something he couldn’t ever get back—
“Someone must be. Incidentally, if your evening is free, you will find two tickets to the regatta tonight in the foyer. I hear it will be quite an exciting race. Don't forget your masks.” Artemisia winked, taking her glass and disappearing down into the hidden hallway.
“I’m not sure.” He said, licking his lips in thought. “I suppose it would have been something mundane. Put up your jacket, don’t leave that out, I’m going to bed. Something I tell you all the time.”
“He’s smart,” John countered. “He won’t come here if he doesn’t have a good reason. We can’t have him suspicious before he even gets here.”
“Sherlock…when you were with John in Bruges and then on your traipse around Europe—on my dime, I’d like to add, and my thanks to you for that—were you ever something…more? Did he know of your feelings?”
you. He protects you, tells you what you want to hear, answers all the thoughts you've got in that brainy head of yours. He consistently knows what you want, always. A little suspicious, don't you think?"
After they drank, they lay together. Sherlock had always enjoyed sex after a feeding, and John wasn’t one to complain; if he was rougher than normal, if John’s head spun a little more, if he cried out a little louder, who was around to care? No one minded them but the moon.
The lift dinged, as if it was irately reminding them that it had other things to do than serve as their hormonally-charged, private broom closet. With something that sounded like a groan, Sherlock pulled John out and into the hall, but didn't anticipate that John, in his enthusiasm, would push back, sending Sherlock into the wall behind them. The hall was silent save for the sound of their gravid kisses and heavy breathing.
"We—we talked about the war and our duties in Afghanistan and football…things that normal people talk about in polite conversation." John said as he sat down into his raggedy chair.
The boy runs, throwing an arm out to knock Sherlock off-balance. He manages to catch him by the sleeve, but the leather is slippery with rain and the biker sheds it, bolting to his motorcycle parked nearby. Sherlock tosses the jacket, willing himself to get to the bike before he can get it running, but it—along with its driver—speeds away before he can reach him.
. Sometimes he’ll let me kiss him, let me lick into his mouth and taste his secrets and his sadness and salt, and I’ll hold him close as he cries after a nightmare or as he’s making breakfast or as I slide into him just
The atmosphere of the flat is pathetically stagnant, the air thick with a silent miasma of heavy emptiness. He will be alone, for tonight.
said, not this stupid, idiotic girl that is so unimportant in their lives; he must make sure she stays that way. She only has access to a possibly related crime scene and that most certainly does not deserve John's prolonged attention. He's gripped by the desire to walk over and seize John by the shoulders and drag him off somewhere dark and quiet so they could be alone, but that would leave him without access to the case files he needs so he supposes that before they could make any progress they would have to get past that slobbering hound.
He hears Mycroft sigh. The silence has made his hearing sharpen, acute to the rustle of Mycroft’s suit, the sound of his breath, and he hates it. Hates him. He aches with the heaviest loathing he’s ever felt, it’s turned his bones to lead and he’ll never get up again but is that so bad he’ll just waste away to dust and maybe the wind would carry him to wherever John was going to be buried and he’d settle over the grave like he’d collapsed on it, eternally embracing the hallowed ground where John’s body decayed into nothing. Maybe, someday, the dust of their bones would mix and they could finally be together like they’d wanted.
“The world.” Sherlock started. “Life on earth. The ignorance of us all, how little we care about anything but our own gain, our own proliferation, and damn those who disagree. I feel that no matter where we are, we are never living in an enlightened age. People act like
As the vampire struggled against the silver, twisting around to pull the blades out, John grabbed his hand at the wrist, snapping it cleanly, staking it into the earth with another knife. He then stabbed him through the back of his other hand, piercing it clean through and rotating the handle so the tendons tore with it. When Billy was finally immobile, unable to remove his limbs from their constraints, John took Sherlock’s gun from his pocket, pointed it at his heart, and fired.
"—Without it how would we get anything done?" Sherlock continued as if John hadn't spoken. "I don't think I could ever not touch you." He said, running his hand along the outside of John's leg. "That was the first thing I wondered when we met at St. Bart's. I wondered how the flesh above your heart felt, right above your breastbone. I didn't know the exact location where the bullet had hit you yet, so I resorted to the general area. When I saw it though, for the first time, I wanted to touch it. Dip my fingers in that crater and feel you respond." He let a finger traces the rim of the scar and John sharply sucked in an inhale. "I don't know how I didn't realise what was happening to me, as my fantasies surrounding your scar grew more overt, more…sexual in nature." Sherlock smiled, as if at some in-joke he had with himself. "It began with wondering what it tasted like—" His tongue flicked out and swiped over the raised skin. "Then the sounds you'd make if I bit it." He let his teeth close lightly over it and John groaned.
“Which one do you want?” Sherlock asked, laying his head on John’s shoulder. They’d left the window open despite the spring chill, and neither had bothered dressing, not since Sherlock had climbed through the window the night before.
noticed), curls up on the sofa after crashing from the sedatives the hospital gave him for a broken arm after a particularly rough case (Sherlock had seen to it through Mycroft that the assailant suffered for it) and tells him things Sherlock never thought to think of about him—he really hates halibut (‘it’s
Sherlock's blissful sigh that had escaped as he came into John's mouth still hung in the air as the phone rang. Groaning, John rolled over and picked it up.
“She liked seeing everything in gold." He muttered, scraping at a moss colony. "And, as I recall, you were called to private chambers far more often; she did love blondes.”
When he snaps awake with a start, he opens his eyes to a dark sky. He knows inherently that the room is empty. Lestrade has left, if only for the moment. The sun hasn't risen yet. He doesn't know what's woken him.
He sits in John's chair. It still smells of him. It makes something in his stomach hurt. It sends tendrils of something like pain curling through him.
John was no burden; he was the anchor. He needed him around; it was fact. Plants required water, humans required oxygen, Sherlock required John, John required Sherlock. They had been together longer than they had been apart, for Sherlock at least, and they knew that their existence as separate individuals ended with a period, no second chances, no ellipses necessary. There was nothing but the continuum.
? Am I dead?" John said, looking around in confusion. "I mean...everything...but you're here, so...so, okay...okay. I'm dead." His head fell back against the kerb. "I'm alright, if you're here. I'm aright—"
The elevator hums quietly as it descends. Apart from the other man in front of them, Lestrade and Holmes stand beside each other in silence.
"Understandable. A man trapped in the bowels of a government facility where he was most likely tested on escapes and finds that his best bet for rescue in the off-chance that he doesn't make it would be to tell someone his name. Make his mark. Leave evidence that he existed."
The clock ticks. Sherlock stares, fingers steepled to his lips. The pendulum swings. Irene stares back at him, wrapped in Mortimer’s robe, her head resting on raised knees. The sizzling of cooking food crackles like static from the kitchen as Mortimer fixes breakfast.
good, pure thing in my life? I will. Would you like me to feel like the lowest being alive for what I’ve done, for my failure to control myself? I do. What do you want?”
"Rule one round here," a familiar voice growled, "If you're gonna give a man your gun, you better make sure you got another somewhere close by."
“I died to save him.” John murmurs with an unhappy laugh. “Christ, I did this to him. He’s never going to believe this. He’s never going to forgive me.”
Lestrade still stopped by sometimes. That always puzzled John, since Sherlock wasn't there to answer his questions. He even asked John to come to a few crime scenes, but the lack of a swirling black coat barking orders and insults had made John kneel over and vomit, which Lestrade had kindly attributed to the gory body before him although they both knew otherwise.
"Right now?" He asks and Sherlock nods. He stares into nothing for a moment before bringing his gaze back up to search Sherlock's face. "Kiss me." He murmurs softly, his voice hoarse and quiet.
The church was well built, structurally sound, and had a pleasant darkness about it. Everything was wooden and old and creaked like the church's old bones when it got up in the morning. Sherlock quite liked old, wooden, creaky things. He liked the idea that someone once sat where he sat and was just as bored as he was. The brotherhood of the bored, externally coerced churchgoers.
Slowly, John reached a hand into his doublet, drawing out a folded piece of parchment and handing it to Sherlock.
Sarah chuckles, but it falls from her face after a moment. She glances around the diner—nearly empty at this time of day—and leans closer to him.
“You know,” John murmurs. “Sometimes I wondered if you actually loved me, or you just thought you did.”
"Well I can't give you bank codes if that's what you're asking." Mary said with a smile before pausing. "Tell her: 10-15-8-14. She'll know what it means."
“I will not allow it.” Sherlock had said, pacing around the room of the small apartment above the train station, rented just that morning.
“While we’re on the subject, got any old cars you’re going to run me down with? Any rigged elevator shafts I should know about? I only ask out of concerns for my health and yours…in that mainly it wouldn’t be good for either of you if I shoot you in the head until your brains look like pulp.”
There are many ways he can treat John in this instant, but he knows above all else that he can't treat John like a piece of glass. For one thing, John is a human being, not glass, and for the other, to connote that John is anything as breakable and fragile as glass would be insulting. John is quietly strong, quietly noble and he is quietly flawed, like everyone, but he is beautiful because of it.
"Sherlock, I've already sent someone to look." He said in a tone that suggested for him not to be hopeful.
“I’m sorry, John.” Molly says, leaning forward as she clutches the blanket around her. “I didn’t know Sebastian would hit you. I mean, I know he’s dumb enough, I just didn’t—I didn’t know he’d do that to you.”
The church choirboys are singing a delicately spun song as he walks out into the nave, his gaze sweeping the surroundings. He was quite late already, and the parishioners—or those secular beings that only attend on major holidays—have already been and gone, yet the devout remain. Golden lights hang over his head, shining down in a muted glow. He feels horribly out of place, a stranger in other’s well-trod lands. At least that’s one thing he can count on, no matter where he is.
Mortimer, looking to all the world unfazed, sucks in his cheek and shrugs. “All right. Apologies, I didn’t mean to offend.”
It a boy, not much older than herself, with cropped dishevelled dark hair and even darker, wilder eyes.
"Yes, by a renegade angel, I seem to recall." Nachash sniffs, and upon glancing around the room, plays at surprise, John's eyebrow arching. "What? You didn't know? Johnny boy here skipped school without a note. He's AWOL, a runaway, all that. I got out first, and he followed me. He got a little dirty in the process. Harriet, dear, I wouldn't be able to do this if he was as pure as all the others, right?"
Soldiers can never wash the blood off their hands, and John knows this, so he has stopped trying. He stopped a long time ago, when his best friend threw himself off a roof and John knew with absolute certainty, knew as he gripped at Sherlock's sleeve, that he would never get this blood off.
.” Moran drawls. “You have such a wonderful jeté, leaping around from point to point with those bow legs of yours. Like a colt that’s learning to walk—”
John was determined to read any publications on the subject he could get his hands on as soon as he had the opportunity.
If they didn’t find the blasted Pearl during their holiday, they had at least found a much better name for their daughter, John thought.
He did so very slowly – knowing that sphincters are capricious bastards that can randomly clench – and therefore looking intently at John, focusing on his face. John’s jaw went slack and his eyes misted over, but his breathing remained regular.
The area within the crime scene tape under Meredith’s window was of course devoid of any kind of useful tracks by now. At any rate, it didn’t make sense for him to have somehow climbed down here, close as he was to the fire exit.
John looked to the black stretch limousine that was parked in front of Mrs Hudson’s red car, wondering what the hell was going on. He gave the man a tiny nod.
Those eyes, despite avoiding direct eye contact, inquisitively scanned the both of them in that fast, casual way that John was so familiar with. Still, his gaze appeared magnetically drawn to Sherlock’s, and for one magical moment, they looked straight at each other.
(And nothing Sherlock had ever done had made John love him less – just angered him a little more, occasionally).
When he came back with three filled teacups, Greg cleared his throat. “Well, er, now that I’ve gotten over the initial shock of this unexpected development – well, I say ‘unexpected’ but as I said, we were all really past hope, to be more accurate...” He quickly swallowed away another grin that threatened to take over his face again. “Anyway – I’ve remembered what I came here for.”
When he woke up a second time, the bed was cold and empty. He sat up with a start, only to hear typical John Watson breakfast preparation noises coming from the kitchen.
Mrs Hudson was helping distribute the drinks as a rather transparent excuse to have little conversations with everyone in the room, which, however, was a method Sherlock decided to copy as it was in fact quite a convenient approach which ensured he didn’t have to talk with anyone for too long, while still being considered sociable.
Sherlock stepped closer and said, slightly dreamily, “Yes, in fact, I would very much like a kiss for starters.” Bending down, he gave John a short peck on the lips. “... and for main course...” – another peck – , “...
Although somewhere deep down, Sherlock had secretly hoped for this kind of reaction, he still wasn’t quite sure what to make of it. “Please do correct me then, John,” he said timidly, as he studied John’s face.
“That is utterly preposterous,” John huffed, looking away, obviously still too busy processing what had just happened to seriously consider anything else at all.
“Amazing, the times a man doesn’t really look at your face.” She turned and walked across the room. “Oh, you can hide behind a sexy smile, or a walking cane...” She turned and looked at him with her mismatched eyes, “... or just be a therapist, talking about
John briefly caught his lip between his teeth and looked down at Sherlock with an awed look. “Oh god, you are so goddamn beautiful, you know that?”
“The point is, I am weak, Sherlock. There are a lot of things I can’t handle. I mean, the absence of emotional intimacy leading to text-cheating with a total stranger is one thing, but, as I said before… you being on drugs …” He paused. “I’m sorry to say it like this, but… I have to. I have to tell you the truth. Which is, I will disappear out of your life if you ever take drugs again.” John stared ahead of himself for a long moment, then gradually lowered his head into his hand and started to cry. “I’m sorry, I just can’t…” he choked out quietly.
Slowly, Sherlock walked across to him. “It’s okay,” he said softly. He tentatively raised his arms, hesitating momentarily for fear of being rejected, then gently embraced him, regardless. When he felt that John let him, he moved closer, leaning into the hug properly.
“He almost succeeded,” Sherlock added. He hesitated, as a lump appeared in his throat. “What he did succeed in doing, that same day, was killing our dog. With an axe.”
“It’s just that, you know, he wouldn’t have been in that place at that time if it weren’t for me.” Sherlock said, shrugging, as he looked into the distance.
John then realised he was probably clutching him to the point of discomfort, and he weakened his grip a little.
John forgot to breathe for a few moments and looked at Sherlock with what he hoped was not too much eagerness.
If John had been unsure about the whole sex-with-Sherlock thing, he had been wrong. It was without any doubt whatsoever the best sex ever. Who needed tits or pussy when you had, well...
This made John raise his eyebrows in a mock display of surprise, now hiding his lips between his teeth. “I’ll give you your
Sherlock vaguely remembered two young girls huddled together in his client chair, around the time of the case of the ‘flight of the dead’ (which he could safely call his biggest cock-up of all time, as far as cases went), over four years ago. The two cousins had very clearly been British, but now apparently one of them was no longer living here.
Greg kept trying to shield him from the other constables, letting John sit in his office, repeatedly asking if he wanted more coffee. John had accepted several cups already, but was now starting to long for tea. Just a simple cup of calming tea. But for some reason, the request wouldn’t pass his lips. He just sat there, in silence, staring at his shoelaces, a half empty coffee cup forgotten in his hand.
John tried to send her away, but his “please leave” came out somewhat garbled and was cheerfully ignored.
“Silly name, isn’t it? Greek. Means the East Wind. My parents loved silly names, like Eurus... or Mycroft... or Sherlock. Oh, look at him. Didn’t it ever occur to you – not even once – that Sherlock’s secret brother might just be Sherlock’s secret sister?”
Sherlock travels back in time… sort of, and finally learns the truth about what happened with Redbeard.
“Hmm. I’d expected a similar approach from Sherlock, but he’s the exact opposite, isn’t he? He’s really good at comforting her, listening to her.”
Sherlock felt his stomach turn to solid rock. Was John disappointed in him for his lack of experience? But he could learn, surely? He wanted this,
She leaned backwards in her chair again. “So the silversmith was obviously in on this, somehow, but I couldn’t get more information out of him.”
On the stage on the far end there was a colourful bunch gathered. Men in tacky and mostly glittery women’s clothing seemed to be discussing who was to stand where, apparently preparing some sort of act. A brief glance at a poster on the wall right next to John told him The Hounslow Cross-dressing Club was to appear in a local charity event the week after next, raising money for a local children’s hospital.
While Rosie read a board book – upside down – he stared at his CMS screen long and hard, trying to think what to write. Something vague but convincing. Something he would say when he was actually mourning a beloved spouse.
The next morning, Sherlock woke up to find he was still in his chair, a blanket carefully wrapped around him.
--Just checking if you were really awake. :) Does someone being in the possession of a 500 mg pill mean that it must have been prescribed by a doctor? (Can’t ask her myself; she dead now.)
A sign on the wall outside showed that this was Suite W34, Directors Boardroom B-2. There was a white, rectangular table in the middle, with three chairs on each side and one at each end. Weirdly, there were drug stands beside each of the side chairs.
He then did the only thing he could do. He dialled 999, even though that meant he temporarily lost the audio connection to the consulting room.
He smiled as he studied the unfamiliar cracks in the ceiling of the room, and the view out of the window from here. Judging by the angle of the shadows on the neighbouring building, it was about midday.
“God, we definitely have to try this the other way round some day,” John panted. “This feels so amazing. I want you to feel this, too.” He meant it.
Something in John’s demeanour suddenly changed. He looked at Sherlock with a concerned frown etched into his face. “Look, we don’t have to do this now. If you’d rather wait...”
As he made his way through the dull, blue-grey labyrinth, with the occasional flickering fluorescent tube, it was almost as if he was still in the Aquarium tunnel, surrounded by the dead stares of the rays and sharks.
“Here now, let me walk you back downstairs. You had yourself quite a fright, didn’t you? It was so nice of you to bring up some food for us…” John’s voice faded away as he disappeared around the stair bend with her, leaving Sherlock to stare at the still life on the floor with a faint smile as he contemplated his perfect little family – the bubble of disappointment he’d felt earlier shrinking somewhat to a less intrusive presence inside him.
A sharp crease ran across the middle. The bottom two-thirds of the paper had slightly faded. There was a pinprick at the top. The smell and structure of the fibres betrayed repeated exposure to steam and a variety of cooking vapours. Tiny kitchen. No visitors.
“Well, that’s the main thing.” John smiled, wondering vaguely whether this might be something that Sherlock had actually thought through.
His previous words echoed in John’s ears. Since when was Sherlock bothered with people’s troubles concerning affairs of the heart? Was it possible he had been reminded somehow of something closer to home? Probably something from a very long time ago, John mused. He had never really thought Sherlock capable of feeling romantic love, but who knew, perhaps he had one day in the distant past.
“So... what have you been getting up to?” John said, sitting down rather awkwardly next to Sherlock on the sofa.
“There is. But this is distracting you, I can tell. There’s not enough room even in your magnificent brain for both these mysteries at the same time. Give yourself a chance to solve this one first, to make room for the other one.”
John wasn’t certain he was entirely fit to merely be an objective observer here. “Can I... touch your cock?” he asked breathlessly.
After staring at each other for a few moments, Sherlock put his arms around Mycroft, and Mycroft let him.
John frowned. He still had to get used to the different tone in Sherlock’s voice since they’d kissed. His usual dismissiveness seemed to have been replaced by an unfamiliar insecurity. And it was a strange trait to see in Sherlock.
As much as Greg wanted to slam the door closed and leave, he just didn’t seem able to tear his eyes away from the pair of lovers. There was something almost magical about seeing them like this: John moving so very smoothly (the bastard was pretty damn good at this, he could tell) and Sherlock producing the most exquisite primordial little sounds from his throat in response.
But she didn’t. Not as they glanced over their menus, deciding what to order, neither as they waited for the food to be brought to their table, nor during lunch itself.
At first, John merely let out an almost inaudibly soft moan. But after a few more neck kisses, John suddenly grabbed a towel to quickly wipe most of the dough off his hands and, with a hurried movement, reached down to unfasten his belt, pushing his trousers down in one fluid motion.
She could only hope that Eurus Moriarty would soon be arrested, so she could finally go back home. She hadn’t expected this mission to become the longest one away from home that she’d had up to date. Especially not since she was so maddeningly
Somehow, it was already impossible to imagine he had once had a life without nappy supplies, baby wipes and bottle warmers. The truth was, though, that all those trite things now kept him focused on what was most important: Rosie. And they kept his mind off other things.
John looked at Sherlock with a not entirely unfamiliar exasperation. “Why do you think, you git?” His voice sounded strangled.
“Ugh,” was all John managed in reply. He was well and utterly spent and half wondering whether he would be fit enough to accompany Sherlock at all.
Sherlock frowned. Then he realised. Of course, Eurus had told John what her name meant, just before shooting him. Sherlock had heard it through the listening device.
“Amazing,” John said, momentarily forgetting to breathe as he looked at the miracle of a man that was his lover.
He’d seen it coming light years away, naturally, but after half a decade of fruitless dancing around each other – during which time John had actually managed to get married to someone else – who would have thought the day would actually come? Nevertheless, he gritted his teeth for his sloppiness in not observing.
Sherlock led the way, repeatedly looking over his shoulder as if to check this was real. (Why did being in love mean you had to behave like a five-year-old again, he wondered?)
Now, there had been some sort of plan as to how to get her to do this, but what was it again? He could just ask, right? Nah, boring. Also, why did he not simply phone John?
John chortled. “No. We’re decidedly not average. At least you aren’t, Sherlock Holmes. Is that what you’re afraid of?”
They’d had quite a number of interrupted moments of intimacy since Hannah had left, not to mention several sleepless nights, now that Rosie was having to get used to sleeping alone.
John had no idea what to say. Also, maybe he shouldn’t have told anyone that Irene was still alive. She obviously had enemies she was hiding from. He decided not to mention her to anyone else, just in case.
“Yeah. Writing is a great way to get stuff out of your system, I’ve found,” Janine agreed. “Oh, I’m so excited for you! A novel!” she squeed. “Ooh, can I know what it’s about?”
“Pancreatic cancer.” She shrugged. “I can take the blame,” she continued stoically. “I don’t want to see my only nephew go to jail over eliminating a horrible murderer who never deserved any better.”
“I read your blog,” she said in her thick accent, as soon as they were sitting in their respective chairs. “You wrote a while ago that you still talk to Mary.”
It was pulling at him in every cell of his body. A new and strange urge that left no room for his previous doubts and reservations.
“Oh!” There was a short silence. “Yes, of course. I’m so glad I hired you, Mr Holmes. Thank you for everything that you’re doing to try and trace my Arthur.” His voice sounded strangled as he mentioned his son. “See you in the morning then. Around half nine?”
Just as he gently started carding his hand through Sherlock’s luscious curls, making Sherlock’s eyes fall closed and his jaw go slack, Rosie called them. Over the baby monitor they heard her start crying with quickly increasing volume, informing them that every passing second nobody had yet arrived in her room was one too many.
Very soon, his brain was on the verge of sensory overload. There was no room in his Mind Palace that could accommodate what he was experiencing. It was too wonderful. Too much. He needed something else to focus on, desperately needed to divert energy to another part of his brain and
(Funny, Harry thought, how Aunt Viv had also had a difficult relationship with her brother, their dad. But it had not influenced her bond with his children. Or at least, not initially it hadn’t.)
for him. But, as it would certainly be hard to explain why he was visiting the supposed murderer of his wife, he’d figured he needed to be someone else when he went.
Smith, the shrewd snake, raised his hand. All innocence, he asked, “How do you catch a serial killer?”
with John and Rosie, I mean? Although with the two of you sitting apart like this, it’s probably hard to tell, so I guess it doesn’t really matter. If anything, people probably thought you and
Once they had found a comfortable routine, John subtly tried to shift the angle so as to aim for Sherlock’s prostate. It took a while before he found the exact right position, but when he succeeded, he knew it. Sherlock let out a sudden whine, the most beautiful sound in the world, followed by a bellowing “God, John, yes!” He was soon begging John to never stop, and although John was positively beaming with pride and pleasure, he was pretty sure he was going to disappoint Sherlock very soon in that respect. He was not going to last much longer.
The truth was, he could never be happy without John. He had definitely not been entirely happy in this limbo he’d been living in, having John near but
Still, he smiled at the notion that if ever he had wanted to be wrong, it was regarding his judgment of John’s feelings for him.
So indeed, Sherlock had been right in saying this wouldn’t take long. As well as in thinking the man had no medical knowledge whatsoever and wouldn’t notice Sherlock making up a disease on the spot. Sherlock’s correct deduction about his wife’s pet being unvaccinated – quite obvious, really, from the amount of holistic pendants she had around her neck on the photograph on the shelf, in which a cat’s tail was also visible – had naturally thrown the man off.
There was a loud, metallic sound and a woman’s shriek as Hannah shot the hand that was holding John at gunpoint.
So he heaved himself out of bed, put on his robe and padded to the kitchen. There, he stopped in the doorway to take in the scene before him.
John looked at him with a kind of desperation in his eyes, apparently willing Sherlock to understand what he was saying. Sherlock didn’t. (
“Yes,” Sherlock said, clearly uneasy. “Please, for the love of god, don’t tell anyone she’s here, or that she’s alive at all, for that matter. Do you promise?”
They strolled over the paths that led around the back of the building to where white birches stood between lower shrubs of all sorts. Once more, they looked for clues all over the place, but more thoroughly this time, scrutinising every item of litter they encountered. John felt rather useless, wandering among the branches with his head bent low, knowing he was not half as able to read signs the way Sherlock could. Until his eye fell on a little box of prescribed medicine. Xanax. It was lying with the patient’s name and address facing up. ‘Edith Beverly, 4 Holdernesse Road’. “Sherlock!” he called, adrenaline pounding in his ears. “You might want to come and have a look at something over here!”
He now knew that Moriarty had killed Powers; by putting botulinum toxin in his sodding eczema cream, paralysing him during his swimming contest and making him drown on the spot.
John decided to stoically keep up a conversation about inconsequential things, chattering about the weather, the breed of cows in one of the meadows they passed, the new railway company on the connecting line that he’d heard was in danger of going bankrupt already.
But he needed to be well, for John, so that made it easier to block those sensations out. John was worse off than him, and needed him.
They each managed a mince pie afterwards, before turning in and falling asleep instantly, in spite of Chloe still playing her new piano in her cot right next to their bed.
While he had the most wonderful memories of their first night together, he did frequently think back in bewilderment about Sherlock’s initial suggestion to actually shag, and John was still rather puzzled as to why Sherlock had insisted when he was so obviously uncomfortable about it. But in the end they’d had amazing sex anyway without penetration, and ever since, John felt as if he was floating a foot above the ground.
So when she found out, a year and a half later, that Sherlock was in fact still alive, she’d thrown herself at his companion and successfully got him to propose to her within six months.
John sighed. “Sherlock, as you know, I’m all for explicit consent in a lot of matters. But I’m telling you, in this case, if you’re not saying ‘no’, I’m going to take it as a ‘yes’.”
All he could do was hope that this David bastard with whom Mary had cheated on him – obviously unprotected as she had managed to get pregnant –  wasn’t the type to collect body fluid contagions from across London. Anyway, he would soon find out.
Turning back to John, Greg laughed, “Aw, but I guess I should either stop complaining or just hook up with a bloke, like you!” He grinned. “So tell me, how are things now between you and the madman?”
He’d gone so far as to create a Twitter account (and actually post a fair number of tweets on it, to make it believable) in order to cover up his continuous texting with the various UK police forces, solving crimes left and right that he suspected Mary might have been involved in, hoping in that way to eventually catch her in his net.
Three days earlier, the young lady – blond, chubby, early twenties – rang the doorbell to 221B. She stepped into the flat with an easy smile, as if she’d been there many times before, but without being impertinent. She seemed well-educated and intelligent enough, fortunately, and didn’t appear overly surprised when the first thing Sherlock said after offering her a seat was “music teacher?” She just smiled and nodded.
Just then, the maid came back in with a tray with teacups, that she put on the earl’s desk. They waited while she poured them each a cup. “Anything else, Your Lordship?” Even in the two seconds she stood there waiting for his reply, she looked like she’d rather be anywhere else on the planet but in this room. She didn’t so much as look at the earl’s guests, letting her curly hair partially shield her eyes. “No, that’ll be it, Amy.”
They were talking about the social relevance of art, on which both Sherrinford and Mummy had a few very interesting points to make – even largely agreeing with each other – when Uncle Rudy joined the conversation.
But despite all the awkwardness, John only had to look at Sherlock to see that Greg was right. He was radiant and John probably looked similar himself – although seeing him like that was probably less of a shock to outsiders.
God, the feeling of holding Sherlock, warm and real against his chest, and the way they had just stood there, breathing together with their arms around each other: it had been absolutely wonderful and slightly terrifying at the same time. But the best thing had been Sherlock’s joyous shyness and his flushed face with downcast eyes the next morning.
The implications slowly started to crystallise in John’s mind, while he revelled in the feeling of Sherlock’s lips against his and Sherlock’s hands clutching him tightly, wantonly.
Or maybe he had, but hadn’t allowed himself to linger on such thoughts for long. He had been the one who’d killed her, after all. His emotions about her death had been similar to those after killing an enemy soldier in the war (except, in her case, with a greater sense of guilt). It was lamentable, but inevitable.
The first cock-up had been their failed mission to get information from Magnussen, which at the time had seemed the easiest and fastest way to their goal of having Mary convicted. But the media mogul had not bought their bargain material (neither literally nor figuratively) and had instead threatened to set Mary’s enemies loose on her family, which naturally included John and Rosie. Knowing that most of those enemies were probably relatives of people she had murdered, it was logical that their revenge would consist of murdering Mary’s loved ones.
Meanwhile, Sherlock had been working round the clock trying to figure out what AJ had meant when he’d mentioned ‘the Goddess of Tbilisi’. It had taken him days until he’d found a tiny newspaper article in an online archive that mentioned a uniquely intact ancient goddess figurine from the late Bronze Age, dug up at an archaeological site in Tbilisi back in the eighties, which for some reason had been in the possession of the British Ambassador to Georgia. It disappeared six years ago, during a hostage situation at the Embassy. The article, however, was very vague as to the specifics of the incident.
John lifted some apple crumble onto his plate. “I thought we could use a couple of hours away from home, just the two of us, hanging out, with no purpose,” he said.
Eurus switched off the telly and wiped a towel across her forehead as she got off the exercise bike.
They would spend mornings, afternoons, days, being drawn to each other over and over again, kissing and pressing against one another until, eventually, they both reached release, in any number of ways.
Walking close to Sherlock, Smith said, in a stage whisper, “I think you need to, er, tell your faithful little friend how you’re wasting his time because you’re too high to know what’s
“Not me, thanks. I need to be off in a minute,” Janine said. “God, look at the weather. It looks like a proper storm now. Autumn is compensating for the lovely summer we’ve had.”
“I… I don’t know. I was just afraid you didn’t love me anymore. Or would stop loving me soon.” His throat felt painful and swollen.
What the heck did he even mean by that? Surely Sherlock was allowed a little frustration, right? As long as… it didn’t involve any sort of substances, that weren’t…
He should never have sent her that bleeding text. He just hadn’t been able to resist, thinking she was still abroad anyway.
Eurus hadn’t liked her dating David either, but at least they had been able to work around him, as he’d been dumb enough and only served as a relatively superficial cover for a much less important assignment. (For which Rose had first adopted the Mary Morstan identity, in fact.)
The silence in his head afterwards was quite possibly nearly as marvellous as all the rest of this was.
“Yeah, well, just enough to get by on. That’s the main thing, right?” She smiled. “So tell me, how have
John cleared his throat, choosing not to dwell on what Mycroft said just now. “Did you know he was back on drugs?”
“Eurus might climb in through the window, you know,” John went on, drowsily, but with a decided hint of cheek. “Come. You can do your kitchen experiments later, or whatever you had planned.” John’s voice trailed off as he let his head fall to one side.
The lady, who was supposedly Sherlock’s mother (and a very different type of mother than she’d imagined, at that), embraced the younger woman in an affectionate hug and then put her arms around Molly as well. When Mr Holmes appeared behind her, a similar ritual followed.
Apparently, that was indeed exactly what John wanted, seeing as he was now pulling Sherlock towards him with more determination, making Sherlock fall forward onto his hands so that he ended up leaning over John, their faces very close. In the same go, John deftly aligned Sherlock’s cock with where John wanted it to go… and then carefully, slowly, purposely pulled him
“If you want,” Sherlock went on, “you can try to sell some of your paintings. Then you receive money. The paintings would get a new home in somebody’s house, always being on display there.” Sherlock studied his brother’s face. “Is that something you maybe want to consider?”
A few minutes later, when Sherlock and John walked back out into the sun, Sherlock decided to float the idea that had occurred to him. “John, do you remember what the first destination was on Mary’s GPS trail when she ran, after AJ found the pearl?”
“I’m so happy for them, you know,” John said, dreamily. “I think they make a great couple.” He shifted a bit so he could fondle Sherlock from a more comfortable angle. “I’ve been
As she tried not to think back to that most painful and miserable Christmas day, Eurus stretched her legs on the sofa and stared at the ceiling, feeling empty.
It wasn’t very likely that Sherlock would see him any time soon though, as he’d seen John only last week. He was busy with other things and probably needed space. Better not to bother him with this. Not now.
“So that’s how you stole her heart,” John had said the first time he’d heard her. “You might just as well have become an opera singer.”
, my stunningly clever detective,” John replied flirtatiously, and he pressed a soft kiss to his lips.
She could only hope that the subsidy she was applying for at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office would be granted, so that her team could further improve the as of yet still lamentable position of queer people in Russia.
Sherlock teased the public by tweeting some pictures of their rooms with the hashtag #holidayatlast. Including one of the bath, of course. (Thankfully, with neither of them in it.)
After he heard them talk on for a bit about the specifics of the brooch and its mending, they switched to the subject of gold supply and John decided to go inside. Just over three minutes had passed, as Sherlock had predicted.
He looked in the mirror. The only remaining problem was that his eyebrows now looked absolutely ridiculous.
Not about John losing his second virginity just that very morning, though. He did think about that a lot, and probably smiled about it more than he should, but – naturally – he didn’t say a word. He did think she might have sensed it, nevertheless, because she, too, smiled a conspicuous amount more than usual.
Mycroft had promised to keep an eye on him, but had failed rather spectacularly. His current whereabouts were unknown.
Turning a little more serious, he looked at Chloe and said, “I am honoured to become your second dad, Chloe.” He swallowed hard. “I will try to be the very best father I can.”
John raked a hand through his hair. There was no way he could do this without Sherlock, John knew. Not that he didn’t need him like air even without Rosie – although he’d be hard-pressed to admit it.
“Sherlock, that is the most ridiculous and utter nonsense that I have ever heard.” John sounded annoyed now. “Where in heaven’s name did you get the idea that…”
Afterwards, when he walked her to the cab that would bring her to the airport, he jested that he probably wouldn’t see her for years now that she had flown to the UK twice in two months’ time. “Although, of course, you’re always very welcome. You can stay with us, if you like. Anytime.”
Putting down the paper and her mug in one fluid, quick, noiseless motion, she got up, simultaneously pressing the emergency button on her pager to alert Daniel, on guard downstairs. The next moment, she was in the corridor, gun drawn and pointing upwards.
Sherlock almost spit out his latte. Then he cleared his throat, and said, “Well. That might be… Yes. That is actually a very sensible idea. It’s what people do, isn’t it? Just to be sure. I mean, even though I’ve never… I could theoretically still have been… you know, when I used… Yes, well. We should make an appointment.”
He bonelessly collapsed on top of Sherlock, resting his forehead on Sherlock’s shoulder as he tried to wrap his mind around what they had just done and how utterly glorious it had been.
Sadness fell over him like a winter blanket when he remembered. They were supposed to have cut off contact. And also they kind of actually had.
No, she wasn’t afraid of death itself. In a way, she couldn’t wait for the horrible aches and continuous nausea to end. For her struggling body to be allowed to just let go.
It wasn’t until both their phones beeped, hours later, that they started to disentangle their limbs, lazily turning their heads to locate the devices. Sherlock squinted at his screen. His primary suspect in the Abergavenny murder had proven to have had an alibi, according to Lestrade. Apparently, he’d been recorded by CCTV in a shop in Newark at the time.
Sherlock then pressed his mouth to John’s and was soon snogging him thoroughly, very effectively bringing back all John’s blood to where he clearly wanted it to be right now. Meanwhile, John could feel Sherlock’s own half-hard cock occasionally bounce against his bollocks under water. When it brushed the region very near his arsehole, however, he uncontrolledly let out a startled grunt. The feeling had not been unpleasant, quite the contrary, but to him it was both unfamiliar and very sensitive territory.
“He’s awake,” Sherlock said to her. His voice sounded very unlike him; a mix of emotions. Relief, hurt, fear. Disbelief?
“… and one Sunday afternoon, when the weather was really nice, we had been out for lunch together, and then decided afterwards to go to his house and collect his and his flatmate’s bicycles, to go for a ride in Hampstead Heath. So we entered the downstairs hall to their flat, and Bob yelled up the stairs ‘Jack! Can I borrow your bike this afternoon?’ I heard a gruff ‘sure’ and we walked to the kitchen at the back of the house. Bob told me to wait there while he went to fetch the bikes from the shed, and while I was standing there, his flatmate walked in. Immediately started telling me how pretty I was, coming on to me in the most unseemly and irritatingly confident manner. I instantly disliked him.” She looked like she’d taken a gulp of vinegar. “He’s the kind of guy who thinks he can have any girl he likes because of his good looks and past successes, I imagine. He seemed pretty surprised when it didn’t work with me. Or oblivious, it was kinda hard to tell, really.”
“I am, you know, jokes aside.” John gently cupped Sherlock’s face with one hand and looked at him like he was something extremely precious, which somewhat dissolved Sherlock’s shame at his lack of experience. “You know what the thing is I don’t want in our relationship?” John asked, his voice incredibly soft. “The
The following days passed with John being more and more awake and Sherlock getting more and more sleep – now that he worried less about John.
“Sherlock, what is your plan, exactly?” John sounded slightly worried. “Are you sure they are going to be... happy, with whatever you’ve got in store for them?”
The prat had probably smiled his Prat Smile at that point, but John hadn’t been able to keep his eyes open, by then, slipping away into strange fever dreams of what his ridiculous life had become.
The next thing Sherlock knew, he was inside the back of the ambulance. The paramedic looking after John seemed capable and focused enough, so there was nothing Sherlock could do but stay out of his way.
She clearly wasn’t trying to pass as a man right now, though. Everything about her posture, up to the way she chewed her chewing gum, was aggressively feminine.
Hannah was so happy for them. She had begun to think she’d never see the day they would finally find one another. But they had. (And she was actually here to see it, too.)
(Of course, the thing was anatomically incorrect on several points, which Sherlock had all explained to both John and Rosie, but she loved it regardless. Children were funny that way.)
Because if there was one goal he still had in his life, it was to not become the kind of father his dad had been.
John looked past Sherlock’s shoulder to where the voice came from. Sherlock could hear more people coming through the doors behind him and spoke to John in a low voice and at quick fire speed, “Thirty feet and closing: the most significant undetected serial killer in British criminal history. Help me bring him down.”
Oh, he wasn't expecting that. "You mean apart from the weight loss and the tremors? Or maybe the permanent glazed look in his eyes?"
"Looks like we lost track of time again Sherlock" John said, flashing a smile; his previous display of emotion forgotten.
Sherlock eyed the envelope apprehensively, but thanked his mother nonetheless. He wondered who might have gone to the trouble of writing him a Christmas card. Perhaps it was Molly? It was most likely Molly. Not one for surprises, Sherlock tore the envelope with haste. It read:
"Please Sherlock, when we're not in class, call me John. Mr. Watson is my dad; I'm still not used to the name." With the last of the textbooks put away John pulled out the chair at his desk as sat beside Sherlock. "I know this is probably a little odd, I have only been your teacher for a day, but what you did the other day was genius, I'm quite intrigued.
“I think we should say our goodbyes before we depart the train. You know, just in case…” John trailed off. He was all too aware that they had not yet broached the subject of how they should proceed back home.
John feigned shock. "Outrageous. I'll have to make sure I give you the sought after John Watson tour then shall I?"
“I see Mary’s not in the picture anymore then?” Harry politely inquired, clearly noticing the presence of a woman’s touch around John’s apartment.
With that Mr. Watson began to introduce their first topic of the term; it was something about genes that Sherlock had already filled away in his mind palace the previous term. But, for Mr. Watson's sake, Sherlock decided to at least try and look like he was engaging in the lesson.
Sherlock handed the painting to John, who took it and looked at it, nodding appreciatively, before handing it back to Sherrinford.
They stepped into the room, as Sherrinford cautiously stood up and took a few steps toward them. He laboriously avoided looking at them directly, instead letting his eyes jump around the general direction they were in. His face was virtually expressionless, except for his eyes.
But despite Sherlock’s intention to finally act upon his feelings once Mary was removed from the equation, he now realised he was simply too afraid to get it wrong.
Sherlock was impressed: both with the beauty of sign language itself as well as with the ease with which some of it could be understood straight away. If a thumbs-up meant ‘something good’, then the gesture of giving ‘something good’ to the other surely meant ‘helping’.
“That’s alright. It doesn’t matter. I’m not expecting you to. I just… I really want this right now. If you’re willing, that is.”
John chuckled, strangely conflicted. “I… pretty much stopped being straight the minute I walked into Bart’s lab that day,” he said slowly, nodding to himself.
Greg had a team prepared for stand-by surrounding the building this evening, and he’d talked the theatre director into letting Sherlock sit on the jury, under the condition that he wouldn’t interfere in the actual selection process.
He felt like having cereal, but naturally, the milk in the fridge (which Mary had bought last week – weird) had gone sour. He briefly considered using formula, but eventually decided to take Rosie outside and visit Tesco’s, as well as get some fresh air. The possibility of meeting acquaintances who would give their sympathy for his loss was a risk he would simply have to take.
When Beverly showed them inside, Sherlock’s heart briefly clenched at the palpable absence of the boy. There are few things more personal than a person’s private room – especially a child’s – full of all their beloved things: their dreams and passions pinned to the walls in the form of pictures and posters, teddies that were once gifts from loved ones and hence visibly cuddled to death, cherished purchases from souvenir shops abroad, stickers as rewards for bravery at the doctor’s and dentist’s stuck to the wardrobe doors. On display for all to see, although intended primarily for the room’s occupant himself.
Upon Harry’s deepened frown, Sherlock chipped in, “It’s an MI5 exercise.” He smiled. “We occasionally volunteer to provide them with a truthful location to train anti-terrorism operations in a realistic setting.”
“Most certainly is. What I wouldn’t give to live in a place like this myself,” he laughed, slowing down and turning around to face them properly. “A piece of heaven on earth, that’s what it is.” The man’s tanned and very muscular arms glistened with an invisible layer of sweat.
P.S. Yes, that means I did it again: I split another draft chapter in two (chapter 33), because it was becoming too long, again. That means the total is going up *again*, to 36 chapters now. I really hope this was the last time I’ve had to do this. I just want this story to END as much as you do! LOL.
“Precisely. Congratulations, Sherlock. Very nicely done, I must say,” Mycroft drawled. “In fact, I’ve booked a little surprise for you two, by way of a reward, if you will. The three of you, I mean, sorry. As I think you’ve deserved some proper relaxation, there’s a Premium Deluxe Suite awaiting you at the Britannia Hotel. It’s booked for an entire week.”
Just for good measure, Sherlock had a look at the bins behind the Hall as well, although there was of course little to deduce there. They were outside and anyone could gain access to them.
She absolutely adored the pink unicorn lamp she’d gotten, and the rainbow-coloured little piano kept her occupied and made her stop fussing for almost a full hour.
As to be expected, it takes him several attempts before he manages to insert his key into the keyhole properly so that the front door to 221 Baker Street opens. He enters the downstairs hallway, glad at the numbing effect of the ethanol molecules in his blood, which make the world buzz almost pleasantly around him. However, the double whisky has barely managed to wash away the embarrassment of his date walking out on him halfway through their dinner (which was rather the idea of his resorting to liquor to begin with).
The silences after angry outbursts are deafening, heavy with the realization that control had been voided for a few irredeemable seconds. John is staring at me and I can’t even call this an argument, he hasn’t said anything, he’s giving me nothing and I—
“John…” He slurs, grasping at John’s collar. This was important and he felt himself fading. “John, I—think he drugged me. Lestrade too. In…t…tea.”
Sherlock's musings were cut off with the screech of brakes as a dark SUV sped its way to them and skidded to a loud halt.
Want what? He wanted John, wanted to abscond to a cave with him until the heat death of the earth, wondered if perhaps they might live past that, might continue on forever, twined together at the core. He wanted to be over all of this, to have it well and full behind them, as distant as every other mortal thing in this existence. He and John and the endless nothing. That was what he wanted.
The kitchen is silent before John starts to chuckle and Sherlock smiles, although he didn't mean his words to be humorous.
, John." Sherlock gritted out. He didn't have time for games, not when he harboured that desperate need for his suspicions to be confirmed so he could properly, as John would say,
His heart had not pounded out of fear or excitement or some emotion that he had learned to compress and compartmentalize for later. His heart had pounded because seeing that shadow had broken all logic. It was so
He opened his eyes. The light hurt. His throat hurt. His heart ached. Someone stood above him, silhouetted against the sunlight pouring into the room.
“And you asked me ‘Didn’t I even know where you kept your shoes,’ do you remember that?” Sherlock asked, brushing John’s hair away from his face. John whimpered at the touch, drifting in the sensation and whatever memory Sherlock chose to show him through the bond, sending him lower and lower into consciousness, keeping him subdued as Mycroft separated the skin of John’s shoulder to pick out the pieces of microscopic embedded wood.
"Moran, you're not stupid enough to think I don't have a gun trained on the back of your head, so stop it, will you?" Moran obliged and John turned to Sherlock. "What do you propose we do with him?"
"Sherlock, with the state I'm in, anything we'd do would be quite counterproductive considering the concussion—"
"He threatened to kill you and make me watch." John said quietly. "So I suppose he's not so different from Moriarty in his M.O. But I'm only giving you the basics. He said much...worse things."
He must have said some of this out loud, as he hears Lestrade distantly say why and Mycroft in the same span of time it takes his meagerly slow brain to complete a sentence.
Not that Sherlock expected it all to be rainbows and sunshine after what had happened, but he wasn’t ready for this.
Sherlock hated her. He hated that John had been saddled with such a loathsome burden, simply by fact of having the same sire. Harry was a child, young as a vampire and immature as a person. She had begged to be turned, and Sherlock suspected that that was the heart of the conflict between brother and sister. John resented the fact that his humanity had been stolen by the same being who willing gave the gift out as if it was out of generosity, whereas Harry saw him as being a cold fish, a downer, someone who’s self-control was mistaken for prudishness.
But his thoughts were not on Sarajevo or that it was home to the boy with the spider scar or what fate possibly waited for him there or even the cigarette in his hand, as comforting as it was.
“Move on?” Sherlock counters. “Move on, you tell me, as we track down what might be left of him. Move on, you say, as you let me linger where I am, in this abysmal state of hope and ignorance. Why don’t you tell me something useful for once, instead of spouting insipid advice that you yourself haven’t even heeded.”
He looks over at the boy, slack-jawed in slumber, arms curled into his chest, the stars dusting the lightening sky above his curly hair, dirtied and tangled from their frenzied flight.
“I thought—this was it. It could never get worse. I thought about you, and how I couldn’t do anything to stop myself from leaving. I thought about how stupid I was to go to Russia – knowing what was happening – and staying anyways. I thought about how I’d failed you, how you’d be all alone, because of the choices I’d made and the mistake of my actions. I wanted to talk to you, tell you I was sorry, give you some sort of closure before I went, but I was too weak to use the bond.”
Carefully, John set both their masks back in place, brushing his mate's hair back behind his ears before leading him by the hand back into the crowd, slowly gravitating towards the night's final inaugural act at Saint Mark's.
Sherlock fell quiet as they approached the back entrance to the palace grounds, silent at the hour. As they crossed the over fields towards the castle park, he could see the porter asleep in his box; so much for security.
A fine silence, like settled dust, blanketed the room. Neither John nor Sherlock moved, each unwilling to be the aggressor that disturbed the stillness, each unwilling to break the silence.
“My children—all three—they live in Mostar. I think I was a good father enough for a roof over my heads,
A bed up against the far wall, covered in floral print pink sheets. A little rolltop desk across from it, littered with tchotchkes and knick-knacks. A wicker rocking chair. A small white rug.
Sherlock moved back in, or rather he just started sleeping at their flat again since all of his things had never left. He and John do not mope because they are not the type, but the move around each other like two planets that share the same orbit and have to shift apart so one can pass. But neither of them want to pass and that is where they are now, an incontrovertible state of non-being, that area between two similar magnetic poles as they hover before one another, about to reject each other and fly apart.
“That thing spiked their tea; they’re passed out on the floor. Sherlock locked him outside and I put salt around the entryways so he can’t get back in. Mycroft, there are
"How funny it must be," He says lowly. "To call me a child and think that I haven't already considered the consequences of my actions."
The night’s bruised cheeks were fading into a rosy blush as the sun rounded the pocket of Earth that London had nestled itself into centuries ago. An ancient grandfather clock ticked in a cluttered sitting room through the silent hush the morning holds before the seal is broken and people wake from their muddied dreams of things, of fleeting happiness, of night terrors and ghosts that are blinked away with consciousness.
He could feel John move as he shook his head, thumb idly tracing soothing circles at his temple. “No.”
His hair is almost instantly flattened to his head, water pouring off his dark locks as he darts into the unnaturally stagnant street. The traffic is at a standstill, the drivers unable to see through the torrential cascade and their headlights beam brightly through the thick rain as Sherlock's darkened figure moves through them.
for what they did to you, John. I want them to feel how I felt, seeing you covered in your own blood and knowing I might not be able to save you."
"Do take care of yourself, Sherlock. As beautiful a city as Sarajevo is, there are snakes underneath the stones that are ready to bite. Make sure your doctor knows that. I doubt his expertise in antivenin."
"Heavens no," Irene hummed. "Just an average Tuesday night. This way." She veered off to the left, descending a short flight of stairs into a sudden plunging darkness. "These tunnels were built centuries ago. They even connect to the Campo in San Marco. The Castellanis used them as escape routes to smuggle goods through the port. Plenty of secrets," she winked at Sherlock, "In case you get bored."
Lestrade stands, roughly grabbing Sherlock by the arm and dragging him to the breakfast nook off the side of the hall.
"Who is 'them'?" Sherlock had asked quietly, but his voice trembled like hollow metal that had been struck.
The third had been born from pure momentary impulse, and in that way had not differed so much from the first two, although it had involved much more intoxication, drunk on the wine-thickened blood from the revelers on the cliffside celebrating their own wedding, heedless of the wandering guests who reappeared woozy, clumsily trying to explain away their fresh, darkening love bites.
Nothing. John's bed is carefully made, as is typical of him, and a few stray feathers brush across the floor as he steps in. They are the only sign, the only piece of tangible evidence that John was ever here to begin with.
"Pink! Pink like your blood and your brains and your heart. Pink like roses and party dresses and bowties!
"The Watchers didn't really remember enough dogma to record it." John says, sliding the strap of his bag onto his shoulder.
Together, they quietly crossed the yard. Sherlock put himself ahead, knowing that an intruder would only expect one, not two. He pushed open the door, swiveling to the den as John followed.
They raced across the dirt and scrub, out past the empty pig pens, past the junk in yard, the detritus of human life. The moon was full, hanging low, its light falling in waves over the dunes, the sleeping and unknowing world, utterly uncaring if the man staggering ahead of them was good, or if he would live to see the morning, or if he deserved to. What the night knew was only how to witness, how to wrap them up in darkness, how to hide their secrets in its mouth.
make that same mistake twice, John, and I will certainly not sit back and let you die by his hands, staged or not."
He will not forgive Mycroft for this transgression. He will not forgive Mycroft for many things, but this, by far, is the worst. Something inside Sherlock recoils at the thought that John was injured somewhere and he wasn’t beside him. That he was a thousand miles away and John suffered alone.
"John—" Sherlock interrupts, his voice quite and hoarse as he looks up, but John keeps going, needing to explain to this man before him just what had happened to him. He needed him to know and wanted him to understand.
After John had found him in Shanghai, he had done what he had promised to do, and quit the poppy blood, the dark smoky dens, the hiding and the concealment in a life of shadow and guilt. They had wandered the continent, and he had
Sherlock felt himself smile against John as his head gently rose and fell with every breath John took. Combined with his hand, gentle and soothing in Sherlock's curls, Sherlock briefly considered the fact that he may have finally found the cure to his persistent insomnia before he fell asleep, thinking that, of all the places on the Earth, there was nowhere else he'd rather be.
"You wish for me to tell you where the south gate is so you can escape." It wasn't a question, it was an acknowledgement.
She's been late to class before. She could be sick or running late or at the doctor's. A multitude of reasons. She probably slept in; she'd been doing that a lot lately, missing bits and pieces of class, coming in late or not at all. She was descending into one of her black moods again, Molly could tell, she knew her like the back of her hand—
John frowns, reaching out to swipe a shelf. He draws back his finger, a thick layer of undisturbed dust coating it. His skin begins to crawl, as anyone who is alone in an uninhabited hall that reeks of hasty abandonment is wont to do. He shouldn’t go further. He should go back and ask Quinn, go back and Sherlock and Lestrade out of here.
John slumps against him and Sherlock uses the dishrag to wipe the sweat from his face before tossing it across the room.
Because after Sarajevo his brother became a man with nothing left to lose who kept being reminded of the fact, who kept having it dumped in his hands again only to trickle through his fingers like sand.
." John breathed, trying to touch his face but only managing to raise his hand slightly before it dropped back into his lap. "It's just—just some minor bruising. It's nothing to worry about…"
A good man might say a few words to ferry a lost soul onwards, but Sherlock was not a good man, and he dug his thumb into the bullet wound. Hope let out a terrible howl, echoing in the dark, empty, and indifferent desert.
He felt the familiar adrenaline burn twist and wind itself through his body as he ran, his breath steaming in the cool night air. He still felt John's mouth pressed to his, and as mysterious as he found the appeal of kissing, he actually
There had been so much, everywhere. It had been all around, all-consuming, like fire. He had been so sure he would drown in it all, in the dark depth down there, a depth that surpassed the mud and the reeds and the murk. The darkness that never had a name, so unimaginable was its existence.
“That’s what I’m afraid of.” John answers, and Mikheia frowns. “Sherlock doesn’t like to owe him anything—”
"Hm?" He looked backed to her from where he stared at the elevator and smiled politely. "Ah, no. No thank you. But could you do me a favour, please?"
"You should really reconsider giving your number to psychopaths." John said from his chair. John, beautiful, loyal, brave, level-headed John, closed his book and turned to look at Sherlock over the chair. "So, how's Moriarty?"
They’d better find John soon. Sherlock was already starting to crumble, if this morning’s breakdown was any indication, and John had been listed as a missing person for barely 24 hours. As much as he’d like to revel in his denial, as much as he’d like nothing more than to convince himself that Sherlock could solve this, after 48 hours hope would start to dwindle. He knew it was an inevitability, he’d spent too many work on too many cases that ended badly, and he knew that Sherlock was well aware of the fact that, if John was gone much longer, they might not find him at all. It was hard to be an optimist when your job made you stare into the face of reality from the moment you woke up—his phone ringing at two a.m. that called him out to a crime scene had long ago stopped being unexpected—and the moment you went to sleep—or collapsed, rather, to savour those few blessed hours of rest before the cycle began again.
I am dismissing all classes for the day, but before we leave I would like to ask each of you to join me in a moment of silence for Rachel, and her dear memory."
"John!" That sandy blonde head wove through the crowd ahead of him, unaware of what was happening. A man turned to Sherlock as he passed and Sherlock irately yelled "No, not you, you idiot!"
“As he should be.” Quinn answers dryly with a sardonic grin. “I do own the whole building. You really should think of getting on his better side." His smile dropped from his face. "Why are you here?”
Sherlock doesn’t answer, gaze glued to John, and Lestrade is too grateful that he’s won to care for a response.
A noise clattered above him, on the next level, and he drew his gun as he headed up the ramp to the next level, passing by a decrepit elevator shaft that cocooned a rusting lift in its shadow.
Sherlock runs down the hall, back to the lounge, where John is still sleeping, the light from the fire glowing on the sheets he lays in.
"John wouldn't want me to. I mean, I won't use it while he's...you know. We owe it to him to work together until we get him back." She sighs, brushing her hair back.
Wearily, John slid his eyes open and, when they focused, got a good look at Sherlock's face as he stared at him, paler than usual, his eyes consumed with panic.
"Is it you they're frightened of, or is it your..." He paused, not knowing what word exactly he should use.
." He snapped, and John obeyed, retreating backwards through the bond until he reached a safer distance.
A light turned on above his head. John looked straight up, past the rim of his cap, the light sloshing over his face in the dark. He felt the muscles in his neck strain and move as he popped a bubble.
"Fine." John murmurs. "Least of my worries with this cold—" He sniffs, as if to accentuate the point that he was getting sick and it was because Sherlock had dragged him on another case, another chance to catch Moran that had ended in an ill-advised—but graceful—dive into the Thames. In
"Tell me, Sherlock Holmes," John says after a moment, his eyes bright. "How can you justify my existence when you don't believe in the forces that brought me here?"
"What do you want to know then?" John asks, bringing his knees to his chest and locking his arms around them.
when John was there, but now John wasn't there and when he allowed himself to slip into unconsciousness it was John he thought of so he could get some modicum of peace and sleep. He imagined John's hands stroking at his hair, brushing his temples, and John's voice as he drones on about nothing because he knows it's just white noise to help Sherlock block out the world.
"Like you knew you wouldn't die? Bushwa." John spat, tossing his hat on the table and leaning closer, almost conspiring as he whispered: "Ain't no bullets left in that gun."
He felt peaceful. He didn't feel that often, so he knew it when it bloomed inside, a clear calm so much like cold river water. A boat slowly cruised over the water, tourists snapping pictures over the railings. He wasn't proud enough to call it arrogance, or indomitability, but he felt powerful. These people and he were not alike, and he knew that. He was apart from them, another category all his own now, the newest outlier, the outcast, the social oddity. Sherlock was no longer the only member of that isolated tribe—
John could hear the bells chime another hour. They shouldn’t be arguing like this, out in the snow where anyone could hear.
He waits in front of the elevator at the hospital. The sheriff said noon, and it is 11:59. Footsteps. Brisk, sturdy, purposeful.
"Because you know I would do anything for you and, if death really was a fetish to you, adding in your sexual attraction to me, logically that would mean I would stage my death for you—it would be simulated of course—before we have the hottest shag in the history of hot shags."
Sherlock was never known for being overly fond of Christmas, in fact it was probably his least favourite holiday, but this year round he was more miserable than usual. He kept replaying his last moments with John over and over again in his head, maybe he shouldn’t have stormed off like he did. John probably already thought of Sherlock as just a teenage boy and Sherlock’s behaviour that day would’ve only made the assumption worse. If John been pulling away before, Sherlock was certain this would most definitely drive him further from Sherlock. Nonetheless, he still forced a smile onto his face, if only for his mother and father’s faces, he knew he wasn’t the best of sons and so around Christmas time he always tried to make more of an effort.
As he drifted off to sleep again Sherlock thought not of his mother as he should've done, but of John and how his teacher had been insisting for him to start eating more regularly.
“No, not him. John’s new. Started this year.” Sherlock tried hard to sound convincing, he was never much good at lying to Mycroft.
For the entirety of the class the pair failed to make eye contact, admitted both were not going out of their way to avoid looking at the other. It just happened to be that there was an atmosphere in the room; a culmination of Sherlock’s anxiety and John’s guilt. The lesson proceeded normally, the tension in the room apparent only to the two friends. Sherlock distracted himself by absorbing the flight pattern of a lone sparrow, whilst John tried to focus solely on introducing his class to the wonders of DNA.
“I agreed. You know if you think I’m smart, you should see my brother Mycroft. He’d probably take one look at us and just know.” Sherlock grimaced as a faint memory of Mycroft outing him for sneaking a live snake into the house entered his mind. In Sherlock’s defence, it was for an experiment.
"Tardiness is not a quality you want to keep Sherlock." Mycroft replied, pulling out of the car park. "What where you doing anyway?"
"Right class" John began, standing up to shut the door as the last student skidded in, "who here has been to the Natural Science Museum in London before?" A few hands grazed the air.
Sherlock was pleasantly surprised to see a look of wonder on the teacher's face. "That's not what people normally say."
It was a brand new scientific eye glass. Sherlock didn’t know that Mycroft had it in him to be so thoughtful, or that he had known that his last one had broken just days ago.
I know this doesn’t come close to the money you have spent on me these last few days, but I wanted to show my appreciation. I hope this postcard will always remind you of our first trip to London together. More so, I hope that it isn’t our last. I chose this keyring so that you can always have something to remind you of me. Especially on days where we can’t be together.
"Careful Sir, you wanna watch Holmes, he's a freak. He knows about people, like their secrets and stuff." Sally Donovan, one of Magnussen's crew, called from the back of the room, resulting in a chorus of sniggering from the rest of the class.
For the first time in a long while Sherlock woke early and packed himself a lunch. It wasn't anything fancy, just a piece of fruit and a sandwich, but it was enough to put a smile on his mother's face and that was all he cared about. Well, that was all he thought he cared about, until he saw John beam at him as he pulled out the brown paper bag and he decided that if he could get John to smile at him like that every day then he would certainly be making more of an effort to eat lunch.
“My behaviour the other day, I apologise for being so cold. Firstly, I know it was unfair to be so distant, it mustn’t have made sense after being close in London. It’s my fault of course – as the adult I should’ve been more aware that to others our relationship could appear to be beyond that of a normal teacher/student. It wasn’t until Miss Jones approached me with her concerns that I realised how it might look. Although I understand acting how I did wasn’t fair to you.”
It was clear to Sherlock that John's denial of his appeal to the opposite sex wasn't a masked attempt to fish for complements, but rather a genuine failure to see the obvious. However, instead of trying to convince John otherwise, Sherlock thought it would be best just to keep quiet and not risk revealing just how attractive he found John to be. Sensing a slight awkward pause, John changed the subject to their trip to London and began to tell Sherlock about his own experiences at the Science Museum. The pair fell into natural conversation and before long found that they had reached King's Cross Station, all that was left to do was to hop on the underground for a few stops and then it was a short walk to the museum.
The guy was in his late twenties, Sherlock deduced, brand new to teaching, but definitely not going to be a pushover, and he was quite good looking too…
John didn't get a chance to answer however, because at the moment one of the supply teachers, Helen Jones, stumbled into the carriage after tripping over a students' bag. John was quick to move his hand from Sherlock's knee, something which Sherlock could help but be disappointed by.
“Well I really want to go to the Old Bailey court, as we didn’t make it yesterday and then I, happy to follow your lead.” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock waited three days before carefully bringing up the subject of John’s proposed trip to London to his parents. Of course, he chose to omit that it was his teacher’s suggestion and instead told his parents that he was going with his science laboratory partner. He felt bad for lying, especially to his mother, but after his last conversation with John he understood how their friendship could be misconstrued. Sherlock had been so preoccupied with the notion of having a genuine friend that it hadn’t occurred to him that outsiders could view their relationship as improper, or wrong. His mother gave her permission at once, not that a 17-year-old boy really needed to ask for his mum’s approval to go away for the day. But Sherlock was not your typical 17-year-old, and Violet Holmes had spent the rest of the day trying to hide her excitement. Violet had wanted to ask Sherlock a thousand and one questions about who this science partner was, what he was planning to do in London, would he be staying the night? She had kept it all to herself however, deciding that she did not want overwhelm him given that he probably felt quite nervous.
John choked on the complementary water he had just helped himself to. “Erm no. I’ll have the big one please.”
Sherlock found John sitting in the station café, he appeared lost thought over a lightly steaming coffee. John snapped out of it when he noticed Sherlock’s arrival. He gulped down the rest of his drink, pulling on his coat before exiting the café and heading out into the January air. For once a train to London was running on time and they didn’t have long to wait out on the platform edge. The train filled with people which delighted Sherlock as he was able to impress John with some basic deductions.
Sherlock say yes immediately. He appreciated John’s concern, but felt it wasn’t needed as nothing had happened that he didn’t want to. Sherlock’s only issue was that had was that he only had £20 in his pocket. He voiced this to John, who brushed it off saying that he would cover it.
That was an easy one. "I’m going to go stay with Mycroft, he starts his internship in Downing Street in March and he said I can stay with him whilst I set up my business. I'm going to be the world's first Consulting Detective."
Sherlock’s effort to act as though nothing was wrong seemed to ease John a little, he decided that he didn’t need to be so restrained that he wouldn’t even look at the boy. John was reminded of a time back when he was in college, when he was so infatuated with a girl in his class that he could not look her in the eye for fear of revealing his feelings to her.
"Hey, Sherlock" Mr. Watson greeted him with a warm smile as he finished collecting left-out textbooks from his last lesson.
John hated seeing the boy in a state of such unease, his guilt ate away at him knowing it was a result of his own actions. “Sherlock, I won’t insult you by trying to excuse my behaviour, but maybe I could explain?”.
Harry cocked an eyebrow, “Not really as in you’re seeing quite a few ‘new’ people or not really as in you’re seeing one new person but you’re too secretive to tell your big sister?”
“Hey John, did you have a good weekend?” Sherlock made sure to hide the fact that he’d noticed John’s change of character.
John studied the younger boy; it took a lot for John not to spill every detail of his life to Sherlock, there was something about him that made John feel interesting – like he was a mystery that Sherlock was dying to solve, and that scared the hell out of him. John didn't need to be told twice about the dangers of getting too close to a pupil. He wasn't stupid; he knew he was walking a fine line with Sherlock but he maintained the idea that as long as he held himself back a little, he wasn't doing anything wrong. With that in mind, he decided that it was okay for him to tell Sherlock about his fight with Mary; they were friends after all.
Sherlock snapped back to attention, "Yes?" he did not want to give Mr. Dimmock a reason to hold him back after class but he was anxious to leave as soon as he could.
It took Sherlock all of two minutes to leap out of Mycroft's car, bounding through his front door as he thrust the permission slip for the London trip into his mother's hands. With bemusement Violet Holmes signed her permission for the first ever school trip her youngest son had ever wanted to partake in. Sherlock went to take back the slip but his mother pulled it back before he got the chance.
John was just as reluctant to return as Sherlock. Coming back to London had reminded John of his old, adventurous life. But coming here with Sherlock had reminded him of an even more distant happier life. John had not felt this way about another person in a long time. Maybe it was with Mary. Although, even during their best time, Mary never made John feel the same way as Sherlock did. And that scared the hell out of John, not that he would ever admit it.
At that moment a paper airplane flew past John, narrowly missing the side of John’s head, snapping him out of his thoughts about Sherlock. C’mon John. He scolded himself, it wasn’t like him to get all doe-eyed, he felt like a teenager again. John picked up the paper airplane, threw it back to the student who had launched it and began calling out the register for his tutorial group.
"Well, if you want," John quickly checked the time on his phone, "it's only 1:17 and we don't catch the train back until 4:30, so, I could take you to see a little more of London?"
John sighed as he watched Sherlock leave so uneasily, he vowed to find a way to explain to Sherlock his difficult position without revealing his true feelings. If there was such a way of course. John retuned back to his books, he had only managed to mark three test papers and his year eleven class were timetabled in for the lesson after next. As John sat down to continue his grading, the substitute teacher that had joined him on the class trip to London, Helen Jones, walked into his classroom.
“Does that mean you are turning down my offer of accompanying me?” Sherlock teased, as he feigned offence and pouted at John.
"Thought so." John chucked and started to hand out permission slips. "All you need to do is get these signed and return them a week before the trip, on the twenty-sixth, and you're good to go."
John had arrived at station almost an hour before their train was due to depart. He hadn’t slept much the night before and had found himself rather restless. He told himself that he was just coming down with the flu, it was that time of year after all. That would explain the weird sensation in the pit of his stomach. It definitely wasn’t butterflies. Not at all. Besides Sherlock was his pupil, a fact which he soberly reminded himself of on quite a few occasions. John felt that it was Sherlock’s intelligence and demeanour that matched them as friends, despite the age difference. It was of some comfort that in six months, after taking his exams Sherlock would no longer be John’s pupil. John didn’t quite know how he felt about this yet. He was still trying to ignore the growing fondness he had for Sherlock and pass it off as friendship.
“I see having a governor as a father really pays off” Sherlock gathered that Magnussen’s father must have used his position to keep his son in education, despite his lacking grades.
Fuck. Sherlock cursed himself, why was he acting like an idiot, he had never become so tongue-tied around John before.
John chuckled. “And I thought you were meant to be a genius. I’m bisexual. I’m not exactly open about it, but I don’t hide it.” He paused and decided to make a deduction of his own, “And I don’t think you should either”.
The day ran by relatively normally, as usual Sherlock wandered from lesson to lesson, not really paying much attention. One thing he was thankful for, however, was that now he’d reached sixth form level of education he only had to study three subjects of his choice. Sherlock had chosen English, Biology and Law because they were the only subjects he could really tolerate. He also hoped that these subjects would aid him in his attempt to become the first ever Consulting Detective, a role in which he dreamed he’d be able to solve the mysteries that the police could not. Some days Sherlock selfishly resented his parents for not sent him to a private school, it just seemed a waste – to send him to a place he hated, to be taught things he already knew, by people who clearly didn't like him. The only redeeming feature that Baker Street Comprehensive (or BSC as it was also known) had to offer was that they allowed Sherlock to use music rooms in his free periods and lunch breaks, where he would spend most of his time playing the violin or reading over interesting reports he’d accessed from Mycroft’s ‘private’ files. It was safe to say that Sherlock spent most, if not all, of his free time in the music rooms at BSC, so much so that he often lost track of time. Today was no exception, he had found some recent crime stats in his brother’s files and by the time he’d finished reading over them it was quarter to three, fifteen minutes into his last lesson. Lateness was becoming a running theme.
"Huh, I guess sometimes, even twenty-five-year-old guys need help to get dressed properly." Sherlock joked as he sat down.
“We could always stay. If you wanted to of course, there’s no pressure and of course we would have separate rooms.” John wanted to make sure he wasn’t abusing his position and getting Sherlock into something he didn’t feel wholly comfortable doing.
“Oh hey John, I don’t suppose you have a minute do you?” Helen seemed to insisting, rather than asking.
John moved a step closer to Sherlock, who was currently dropping small amounts of blood into a test-tube, and leaned against the desk. "Before you started coming here at break and lunch, where did you go? Because, and don't take this the wrong way, you don't seem the most sociable of people."
John looked up as Sherlock pulled over a chair and sat opposite him. "Oh hello Sherlock, how are you finding the museum?"
Sherlock returns to Baker Street Comprehensive for his last year of sixth form, only to meet, and develop a crush on, the new Biology teacher, Mr Watson. But does John feel the same? Teacher!John, Student!Sherlock. Rated M for content in later chapters. (All feedback is welcomed openly).
“No.” John insisted. “That’s not what I want at all. I’m not going to let silly insinuations dictate who I am or am not friends with. I mean we’re just friends right?”
“And anyway.” He continued teasingly. “It is not my fault the train was delayed, someone in the British government really out to do something about it.”
John. Sherlock felt a wave of joy, pure joy. Quickly followed by what he was ashamed to admit was giddiness. Sherlock has feared that John’s changed in behaviour was a result of him trying to distance himself from Sherlock. He now knew that was not the case. Not only had John felt bad for how he had acted, but he had made the effort to convey this to Sherlock. All of a sudden Sherlock could not wait to return back to school.
In fact, as Greg Lestrade – Sherlock's English teacher – had noticed, the entire class appeared to work twice as hard during his fifth period lesson. Greg figured it was most likely an attempt by his students to earn favor with him so that he would let them out early, meaning they would get to John Watson’s lesson on time and secure a good seat. Greg wouldn’t like to admit to himself but he was a bit jealous oh John. John has become a bit of a legend at Baker Street Comprehensive over the last month, with both the staff and the pupils. He was engaging and 'cool' enough that he was loved by the students, but at the same time he wasn't trying so hard that the other teachers disliked him. This was a fact that had all but passed John by. Yes, he realized that he was lucky enough to be liked by practically everyone – bar the few 'the world is against me' angsty teenagers– but he had never really cared about the opinions of others, until Mary, that was. And, he thought, until Sherlock. John didn’t have to think hard to find similarities between Mary and Sherlock, as odd a comparison as it would first seem. They were both incredibly intelligent, and aware of it, they both were ambitious and never afraid to speak their minds. The only difference then perhaps was that when it came to his relationship with Mary, the two just stopped making time for each other. Mary spent most nights working, she worked for a high-tech security firm and did not usually make it home till the early hours of the morning. However, as John spent most of his days studying to get his teaching degree, the pair would be lucky if they shared more than just a few hours together – and even luckier if this time was something other than just sleeping next to each other. It didn’t take a genius to know that John and Mary’s relationship was bond to fizzle out. Still, that’s not to say that it John was not still a little hurt when he came home one day to find all of Mary’s belonging packed up in boxes, it had not been an easy decision to just let her walk out the door that day.
Two minutes to go. He decided to pack up prematurely, not wanting to waste a second of his time with John.
John just stared at Sherlock. "Close, that was brilliant" the teacher blurted out at Sherlock, who was starting to develop a slight blush.
After picking herself up, Helen continued over to the pair and handed John a clipboard as she tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. "John, I've taken the register, all kids are present so you can settle down and enjoy the journey."
It was Sherlock’s first day back after the Christmas holidays, just a little over a week since he had received John’s apology. Sherlock had read over John’s card more times than he cared to admit, he could probably quote it word for word if he had the desire to do so. At first Sherlock had been desperate to see John, he was even tempted to try and find his teacher’s address online – but he quickly dismissed the idea. He might not get the reaction he hoped for if he just turned up to John’s unannounced. Moreover, the initial joy Sherlock had felt from receiving the card had dwindled slightly as the teenager’s anxiety got the better of him. Whilst he was in no doubt of John’s sincerity, he was all too aware of the clear signs of dismissal that his teacher exhibited after Sherlock tried to arrange a meeting during the break. As a result, Sherlock was unable to sit still and fidgeted profusely as his waited for John to arrive to class. John finally strode through the door, quite clumsily Sherlock noticed; he deduced the teacher had overslept, clearly he had become used to not waking up early over the holiday.
Violet beamed at her son, kissed him goodnight and turned to leave – satisfied that her son was fine and well.
In the time since John had visited London with a group of his students he had had a lot of time to reflect on how that day had affected him. It wasn’t necessarily that anything out of the ordinary had happened, other than himself and Sherlock ditching the rest of the class to go exploring London on their own, but rather John had experience quiet a personal revelation. Okay, so he had always known that his feelings towards Sherlock’s were a little more than platonic, but it had taken the time they had spent together in London for John to realise that he was such a strong attraction to his younger friend. John didn’t know if it was because Sherlock reminded him of his better days as a soldier, or if it was that his intelligence was beyond that of anyone else John had met before. Either way, his attraction to Sherlock was completely different to what he had felt to for Mary, with Mary everything had been so safe and predictable, not automatically a bad thing, but overtime the spark they first shared had fizzled out. So when John realised his feelings for Sherlock and experienced that spark all over again, he knew that he had to be extremely careful as not to compromise his position at the school. It wouldn’t be right of him to let his emotions show whilst he was still acting as Sherlock’s teacher and what was even to say that Sherlock would reciprocate his feelings. Regardless, John knew that he would have to tone down his behaviour when around his student, or at the very least stop gushing when he made impressive deductions.
“Oh go on John, who is she?” Harry waited for John to respond, but John just ignored his sister and instead got up to start on the dinner.
Sherlock gave his mother a quick ring on the way to a reasonably priced bed and breakfast they had found online. He told her about his day, how much he had enjoyed it and how much he wanted to stay an extra day. Violet wasn’t sure how she felt about Sherlock staying away for the night. He may have been turning eighteen but he was still her baby boy. It was Sherlock’s father who set her mind at ease. He reminded her that they had let Mycroft attend overseas conferences at the same age, so it was only fair.
John smiled politely at Helen, thanked her and returned the clipboard to his bag. He was rather conscious of how hungover he must look and whilst he knew Helen would never say anything to get John in trouble, what he really did not need at that moment was a condescending lecture from a 'concerned' colleague.
"I'm curious Sherlock. Not that I should be confirming such rumors but, between us, how did you know about Mr. Dior's erm, let's say 'condition'?"
Somewhere a little across the bed and breakfast, John woke up from a very peculiar dream about pirates. He cursed himself for not setting an alarm, but was glad to realise that he still had time to get ready before he was supposed to meet Sherlock for breakfast. John stretched a little, rolled out of bed and once again was thankful of the provided toiletries. It had been sometime since John had made a real effort to look nice for someone, he even put a little product in his hair. Unfortunately, as their overnight stay had been extremely impromptu, he did have to wear the same clothes as they day before. As he got ready, John spent some time thinking over the day before. It wasn’t like he didn’t know what he was doing when he planned this trip away, but their kiss marked a turning point. Not that he regretted it, John felt guilty to admit that he had been wanting to kiss Sherlock for a while now. Maybe guilty was the wrong word. John had taken specific care to wait for a cue from Sherlock before he took their relationship to the next stage. Nonetheless, he was aware how it might look to outsiders. John was Sherlock’s teacher for goodness sake. But it just wasn’t like that all. John wasn’t some creep that liked to pray on teenagers. In fact, in all his past relationships, except Mary, John was the younger one. Even more, John always found himself cringing at the attention some of the other students at BSC showed him. He cursed himself for sounding so cliché, but with Sherlock it really was different. Of course there was the intellectual aspect. John doubted that anyone could argue that Sherlock’s intelligence was above his age. But it was more than that. Sherlock wasn’t interested in weekend binge-drinking, climbing the social ladder or any other stereotypical teenage behaviour. Even so, John was aware that they would have to be careful going forward. He had come to deeply care for Sherlock, but he still had a career, and a reputation, to think about. John realised this meant that today might be the last time for a while that they could enjoy each other’s company so freely. Speaking of which, the time they agreed to meet in the lobby was quick approaching. John was eternally grateful to discover that the bed and breakfast had provided a small travel toothbrush. It wouldn’t do to try and kiss Sherlock again with bad breath. He gathered up the limited belongings he had with him and set off for the breakfast area.
“Yes, your ostium, come on, Holmes, get with it! John said you were smart, Christ.” Harry huffs as she breezes past him.
“He didn’t, love. It was you he tried to dissect, remember? He filled you full of alprazolam and left you to dehydrate in that chair. I was never there. He didn’t get me, I wasn’t there when he ambushed you. Remember? You had a hallucination of me. I was never there.”
"Thank you." John says, then, as Sherlock pulls away, adds "Wait," pulls a single cigarette from the pack, and hands it to Sherlock. "For luck." He offers, knowing he's stretching the truth.
John moves to lift Mikheia up, but stumbles himself as his leg gives out beneath him. Fear sinks its fist into his gut and he looks down.
“She was nothing to you, so why the fuck do you care?” He snaps, toying at his noodles with vehemence.
Then, they'd arrived at their hotel, an unremarkable concrete inn with a rickety elevator and even more untrustworthy stairs. Yet they both agreed it was perfect since the last thing they wanted to do was attract attention. John trusted Sherlock's knowledge of inconspicuous residences since he had seemingly become a connoisseur of them during his global trek.
Sherlock clutched him tighter, pressing himself into him. John was everything. It had always been dangerous to say that, but it had been true. John gave his life purpose, made the nights richer, the moon fuller, ever since he had shown up on that beautiful walnut horse, full of power and strength. Sherlock was as drawn to him as metal to the core of the earth, the lonely rock orbiting the planet in the nothingness of space. They were immutable, immiscible, two parts of one whole. Separation was not an option, not since their first ceremony, not since their bond, and the only reason they had gone through with it at all was because Sherlock had had to spend decades convincing John that he was absolutely certain that he wanted to be not only never apart from him, but a part of him, irrevocably.
For a moment Sherlock shut his eyes. Didn't say anything. Just breathed through John's shirt into his shoulder.
John stares at me hard for a moment, lips pursed. My body feels cold, like I’ve been floating in salt water, a bloated corpse for days. I’m waiting for him to speak—it’s etiquette, I’m told, in situations like this. Seconds unfold into minutes and John scrunches each one that passes up like a wad of paper, tossing it behind us. He’s wearing that face he makes when he doesn’t understand something but wants to. Good. He’s trying.
"Why did you go after Moriarty?" John asked, but it was more rhetorical than biting with venom. "He tortured me. He told me things that night—I don't know if I'll ever tell you what he said. I don't think I ever will tell you."
John drew his gun from his belt and fired. It caught the blonde guard in the forehead, near the bridge of his nose and a burst of red and pink splattered the wall behind him. Unnecessary. Unfortunate. One down.
So, when he does dream, he remembers. Or he likes to think he does. He has a list of them. His Dreams That He Remembers.
He sends the message just as he hears John ask where the loo is and looks up to him, half-querying. John didn’t need the bathroom. Curious. He watches him disappear into the hall, but decides not to press the issue.
"You're…British?" Lestrade asks, starting off down the hall. "I thought you'd have to be American to be in the FBI."
.” He calls out hoarsely, voice straining as John convulses once more in his arms. His sister comes forward in a rush of air, silent and present. “Do something.” He urges, as if his love is enough to stave off the inevitable.
Sherlock’s eyes close to the fight around him, mentally mapping the area, eliminating any impossibilities—although to an angel, what really is impossible and what is
are. How they use humans like you as chess pieces, knocking your kind, stupid with love, off the board. You're starting to become one of them. You're starting to reek of goodness. I did so love your act of bravery tonight, falling over him like a lover, taking up his weapon like he was a fallen commander. He wouldn't do the same for you. Know that. So...do me a favour, love, and get rid of him while you can."
"Mmm." Sherlock hummed in agreement. "Terrible timing. We've got a body to get rid of. Preferably before the rest of them come back."
Her earrings are still on, little studs of pink diamonds. John can barely bring himself to look at her face, instead opting for one more brief moment of ignorance before he can turn his eyes to her.
!" Sherlock shouted. "What a stupid thing to say! Everyone knows nothing is fair! Nothing! Not tossing myself off a building, not faking my death, not John becoming whatever the hell he is, not John getting wounded, not your stupid tuning of that stupid guitars' stupid A string that makes a poor excuse for a stupid E Chord, nothing! None of it is
“You didn’t.” Harry says, shaking her head, but at herself or her situation he can’t tell and doesn’t want to ask. “I’m—well I’m a little stressed right now.”
He was on it in an instant; the animal had no time to cry out, to run, to realize what was happening. Sherlock bit into its neck, through the fine, thick pelt and into the muscle, piercing the artery. It kicked out, trying to buck him, but he held on tightly.
"Then you'd know what it feels like..." John murmured, barely catching Sherlock's utterly crestfallen face before he shut his eyes.
The room grew hot, baked in sun like he was inside an oven. The floor morphed to gritty sand. He could taste it; his throat was parched and dry. The hallway before him was a valley beneath him, green, green with life and water and the enemy.
A stewardess had come back with napkins, but the cheap paper did nothing to dampen the smell, and that was the worst part. Even though he had been sure to eat before leaving Karachi, he felt hunger pangs broil in his stomach, felt the tips of his teeth detach and lower as he leaned in close to –
“If I recall correctly,” Mortimer says, “the performer is Victor Merzhanov...quite lovely, very talented hands. More often than not, this tends to be my companion through the night, though occasionally I’ll call up Toscanini or Debussy if I feel particularly restless or wistful, in that order.”
He’s lying on the bed, bouncing a squeeze ball against the wall of their apartment in Prague, neat despite its small size. Circumstance has dictated they only have space for one bed, leaving room for a small washroom the size of a closet and a rickety desk. Sticky notes litter the wall above John’s head, and if Sherlock doesn’t look it head on, he can fool himself for a few seconds into believing they’re at Baker Street. Home sweet home.
The man's head exploded with blood and brain and skull fragment, splattering those around him, shocking them, but leaving them unharmed.
"In a sense." Mycroft responds, infuriatingly vague as usual. He taps the tip of his umbrella against the cheap linoleum; Sherlock can practically hear the message as if it was in Morse code.
Sherlock didn't answer. And in that terrible silence dawned a more terrible truth that sank like ice in John's gut.
A man rounded the corner, a sailor most likely, though he wasn’t in uniform. The guard posted at the door watched him, then turned to spit. When he turned back, the man was there beside him, staring down at him through shaded glasses, the round kind the English gentlemen wore when they visited. His eyes were a bright effervescent blue, barely muted behind the lenses.
He knew John had sensed the same, and they let the man be taken away, down off the gangplank as others rushed to help the fallen architect. At present Sherlock couldn’t have given a damn if he were the founder of Rome itself. He much more wanted this creature to show its face once and for all.
“That he does.” John agreed, laying back against the seat of the plush chaise, his teeth beginning to recede as his eyes closed.
Moran stared at him coldly before taking the rolled cigarette from the crook of his ear and lighting it.
“I assure you, Sherlock, it was not my idea.” Mycroft says, and then adds sourly: “He punched me as well. Damn near ruined a perfectly good shirt.”
He half-expected the boy to ask how he knew all these things, as John once did, but, again, he was surprised.
He knew that already. He knew that John loved him; had known it since the beginning. So why was it so different now?
"These aren't like Gladstone." John says, voice hard like a soldier's. "Sherlock, remember what I said about there being healthy ones?"
Sherlock backed away as John went to work, melting into the still bustling kitchen as the workers prepared the daily breakfast. He took one long look at his mate, calm in the eye of the storm, focusing intently amid the sound of chopping carrots, the steam of the boiling water, the blood coating his hands, and he disappeared into the hall.
you, John. I saw him raise his gun and fire and then you went under and I thought the worst. I wanted to make him suffer for hurting you. I wanted to make him feel as badly as I did. Needless to say I only knocked him out."
The water’s cold beneath the warm surface. Bone piercing cold right into my heart cold pain pain skin being pulled exposing my tendons ice washing against my bones cold.
The lights began to flash above him like it had been someone's idea of imitating a mediocre nightclub, but John knew what it meant. They were about to quarantine the wing he was in.
They both valued their freedom; it was something essential to their natures. John hated being cooped up anywhere, unless it was of his own volition, and it wasn’t hard to understand why he was so committed to having the ability to choose. He had chosen to leave, he had chosen to come back. He chose Sherlock, against all possibility.
Sherlock opened his eyes enough to glare at him. “Of course.” He whispered, his voice hoarse and weak. “He’s dying…what else could I do?”
come all this way, had not put himself through hell and exile, to lose John before he found him again. Moran would certainly
Silence was becoming his constant companion, and he adored it, kissed its feet, wrapped himself around it every chance he got. Silence was his lover, his best friend, his one and only, because every second it stayed was one more moment where no one disturbed him.
Mortimer downs the rest of his wine in one swallow and licks his lips. “Ah, that. I’m sorry to tell you that was the result of a massive cave in.” Sherlock followed his gesturing arm to a bookshelf pushed against the wall; a shelf had collapsed, sending a shower of books to pile upon themselves. “No survivors, I’m afraid.”
Sherlock manages to voice nearly every question that had come into his mind since seeing John. His name is John—just John—, he is not human but not entirely inhuman either (he's not sure where the heap becomes a heap exactly), John can fly, but his fall injured his left wing so he doesn't want to try for fear of worsening it, he's here (and isn't that all that matters), he comes from the desert (the faith doesn't change the setting, John says), and Sherlock is the only one who can see his wings that he knows of.
He and John share a glance with each other, both wondering if Irene Adler has started working in interior design, before heading down the narrow hallway that opens up into a living room spotted with members of Lestrade's team.
“And how are you so sure you’re not making excuses for human weaknesses?” John countered. “Her son is sick, and this is the only man who’s ever done anything to calm them about it.”
"Just…" John sighed, rubbing his eyes. "I need to be alone right now, Sherlock, alright? I just need to be alone, where I can be in control and no one can treat me like a puppet so I can come to my own conclusions. Let me go to my mind palace." John grinned bitterly. "Oh, sorry, I forgot it's not a palace, it's more like a lean-to isn't it? Someone of my intelligence can't be capable of such
“I was going to do it that night.” Sherlock said quietly, and for a moment John wasn’t sure he had heard right. He started at his husband, eyes shielded by the black lenses. “I thought…if it was my last meal, I may as well treat myself.”
He stiffens, despite the arms around him. Where Sherlock’s palm rests, right above where the beginnings of John’s wings should be, a low shaking begins, the muscles beneath seizing up in a tight quivering coil.
He stuffs his balled up fists into his pockets and turns away from her, hunched in his frustration. Leave me alone, just grant me that kindness.
Sebastian fucking Moran. 6'2". 178 pounds of lean muscle that could snap your ulna like a twig as soon as dislocate your shoulder before you could even realise he was moving.
Sherlock leaned in close, lips brushing his ear as he spoke lowly: “He’s one of us. Moriarty wants him. I’m sure of it.”
“I won’t be held hostage in my own relationship,” he said, “and I won’t have you hold the world over my head to keep me with you. I don’t believe that you
He wakes again. Hurts. Medicine rounds. Kind nurse with no face (Strong hands though). Relief. Heavy pain is muted. Sherlock says something to him. Sleeps.
John laughs. "No, not pen ink, just ink. That's only what we call it though, of course, not what it actually is."
But John has already brought the knife through his hand, slicing his palm open in a slow spurt of atramentum. He winces, but brings it to the beast’s belly.
.” He bit out, but he could see that Sherlock was not going to fight him. “We’re partners, Sherlock, and you’re making me feel like a bit player in your final act.”
Sherlock sits on an empty crate as he watches Gladstone eat from John's hand. The beast looks mollified, totally domesticated by its conqueror, eating from the same hand that swung a pipe at it not three days ago.
He'd burst out of the open water he'd been treading in for three years. He heard Sherlock's voice, heard the swish of his coat (not the collared trench, but one that still looked suitably good; hell anything looked good on him) heard the sigh he made when the kissed, the groans when they fucked, heard the slide of sweat and blissed out light that coated them.
"I never claimed I was a saint." Sherlock sniffed. "But accusing me does not absolve you of what you've done."
He lets his head loll to the side, revelling in the abdication of responsibility, in the loss of higher consciousness. He stares into the night, as wet and dark as it ever was, and he wants to hear John fumble around behind him with those ridiculous wings for tea or milk or a book or whatever he’d been looking for.
It was an odd sensation, certainly, that John knew something he didn't. But then again, John knew a voluminous amount of things that Sherlock didn't. Proper human interaction. How it felt to be shot. A repertoire of carnal knowledge (though Sherlock thought his expertise in the area was a bonus). The various traditions and hazing rituals of the army. How to make a cake and not confuse crushed amcyl nitrate for sugar (That particular incident began with John remarking that the cake smelled rather bitter and ended with him throwing the oven door open, releasing the inhalant into the room, and making himself so high he tried to take his shirt off, failed halfway through and danced on the table, half his shirt dangling off him like a snake shedding its skin. It was an event that neither he nor Sherlock ever mentioned it again.).
"I bet he would try to keep it in at first, don't you? He wouldn't want you to know how much he was suffering, but I would make that cry bloom in his throat, and I would make him scream, just for you. Because everything I do is for you, Sherlock. I would make him scream for you like you've wanted him to all these months. You'd finally know how it sounds. Maybe I'd even fuck him for you, in front of you. But sex is just so dull, isn't it? So…
The departure alarm rang out through the station as he dragged John out of the bathroom, trying to look wholly inconspicuous and partially failing. It was hard to carry a drugged hitman-slash-army doctor through a train station without earning a few glances, but the crowd was relatively large and Sherlock had no trouble getting them onto their train and into an empty carriage.
He sighed, drawing himself up out of memory. He touched John’s cheek, letting his fingers graze his bones and slack muscle. John had been a gift – he was still a gift. In all their years together he had never wanted to consider what might have become of him if they had never met, if he’d gone somewhere other than London after he left the Academy at Leiden, if John had not come to court. It was the same logic John had used with the stag; why think about it if it wasn’t true?
“Mmm. The man has his points. But you know I don’t involve myself with their petty fights. One will win, won’t they, and one will lose. We’ve seen this countless times before; we know how this works. I’m quite surprised your brother is abroad in this trying time.”
As their visitors dwindled, Sherlock started lashing out, biting at the smallest irritant, finding fault in the most minute things, and John could tell that he was unhappy, just as he could tell that what Sherlock hissed or yelled at him was not because he hated him, but because he found his own experience at present unbearable. On the rare night they spent together, it was usually because of circumstance, Sherlock passing through the drafty hall on his way somewhere else, deigning to talk to John for a moment or two before continuing onwards. On the even rarer event that they held a conversation for longer than a few minutes, when John would become emboldened in the way a child who calms a wild animal long enough to pet it would, he might reach out, gloveless, to touch Sherlock’s cheek or his hand, only to have the man return the affection in a brief pulse over their bond, then disappear.
He scrambled up, his long legs bringing him to the door as he flew into the hallway, leaving Mary on the floor to pull out her mobile.
"Poor mutt." Moriarty croons. "Found an owner, have you? Watson feeding you? Fucking you daily? I want you to go to a good home."
“How could you know that?” Sherlock asks, his gaze narrowing. “I was 12 then. You weren’t even a consideration yet, much less a person.”
“Is she here?” He calls over the din of the music, and Ishido nods, masking it from Ne’s gaze—among others’—with a drink from his glass.
and I did nothing. I couldn’t look back or I’d be turned to salt where I stood. I couldn’t look back. I just couldn’t. I wanted nothing else but to turn and let the destruction I’d escaped fill my eyes, the pyre that was the fault of a defective thing like me, but I didn’t, and now I think of little else.
As I mentioned last chapter, I took a plane ride. This plane ride took me to London, which was stunning and insane and wonderful. I went to 221b and had a wonderful time geeking out, but I also went to Kensington Gardens, right to the place I'd looked at in pictures to recreate the setting where John falls into the Serpentine. I took a picture of my own, and that's what you see in this chapter.
“He’s set his sights on you. Not us. You. He’ll find you, eventually, and I’d rather be destroyed or worse, be sent back to Sheol, than let him get his hands on you.”
"There's nothing to apologise for. Some of them deserve it." Mycroft produced a small folded piece of paper, thick and expensive, sealed with blue wax. After that first sighting, John would always know what it held. "Take care, John." Mycroft said tersely, a polite smile on his face, before John was ushered back into the car, the note, his
“The median lethal dose of cocaine is about point two milligrams per kilo of body weight, and he had almost two in his system, so I guess whoever wanted to kill him wanted to be sure he’d be dead.”
Irene frowned. “When were you going to tell him you were falling out of love? Then? Now? A hundred years? A thousand? You knew the two of you were going to dance around the topic as it rotted on the vine until something came along to make up your mind for you, and luckily enough I was travelling with Josephine on her way to Medevi…”
The old man cuts him off with a wave of his hand. “Come…” He replies, patting the seat beside him. “Sit. It smells like chicken shit back there.”
He looked up as John came in, eyes sweeping over him and collecting whatever data that was useful to him, knowing John's circumstances, his motives for coming, and his future the moment he sat down.
If only he could write a love letter to parquet floors. The way they shift under his feet, the way he can step in one little puddle of design and skip stones to the next one. Wondrous, truly.
That had been two hours ago. Sherlock had stayed in the kitchen, staring at the space where the tags had sat, smeared with dried blood and flecks of gold until Lestrade had arrived to whisk them off to the Yard for analysis.
“You know,” He says by way of greeting, “that I wrote a thesis on the existence of Tenebests and other theological creatures in graduate school and the professor laughed at me. I really didn’t need the ridicule to know I failed the class, but it certainly didn’t help. I’d like to see his face right now.”
They descended into the waiting darkness, the bells still knelling in the distance. He hoped that their ringing did not usher in their end. He hoped they might live to hear them once more. But he put the thoughts and hopes of tomorrow out of his mind.
He understood it well enough. Of course he did. His first battle alone had ended in him cornered and panicking, allowing an enemy combatant to charge at him, then hurriedly firing three bullets into his skull at point blank range. The body had crumpled into the sand and he had learned what it was then to feel as if he was a god. The heady power that had coursed through him, the knowledge that
The name of the church didn't matter much to him. They all got confusing after a while. The point was that it was a church, and that's all he cared to know. It was large and looming and impressive, just like any other old building here, but John appreciated the architecture, dark brick and stones gleaming with silver and gold leaf. It was small, like nearly every other building in the old parts of Bruges, but it was ominous in its simplicity. Built to impress, to modestly announce a vast and private wealth to everyone who saw it.
The sound of the first shot, much closer now, nearly unseated him from the horse. By the time the second went off, he'd lifted himself out of the saddle on his own power, stalking towards the tree. As the man lifted his gun once more, John un-holstered his own at his ankle and, aiming carefully, fired a single shot. The man dropped unceremoniously to the ground, the now-frayed end of the noose burnt and smoking in the wind.
"Open your eyes and look at me." The hand moved from his jaw, pawing at the space under his eyes. "Open your eyes, John."
"The agency is coming after you for prying, Mary for talking, and me for listening." John said, scanning the shadows of the church, empty save for the groaning man on the ground. "I don't know who exactly they're planning to target, but by process of elimination it must be you."
know I’m right. You will fight with him, or be separated, and he will come back to you because he wants to help you, because he
His head began to pound again, feeling as if it was tightening in on itself yet also expanding, like a dying star, and he felt himself sway on his feet as he reached the landing. He paused a moment, laying a hand on the cold stone of the stairwell, before he quietly opened the door.
“These people,” The voice says softly, “they went into that room thinking like you do. They thought they were better, stronger, than whatever was behind this door. They thought their predecessors weak. ‘I will show them,’ they thought, ‘I will be better. I will last longer. No one is as strong as I am.’ What then, I ask you now, did they think when they were begging to be let out after ten minutes, or thirty? When they broke no records, and tasted madness?”
"Mary, I'm in the Kremlin. They did something to me while I was unconscious and I had to break out and steal some poor woman's trousers. I don't know what they've done to me."
John holds up his hand and Sherlock falls silent and gives him a few moments to collect his thoughts.
"Oh, no, I got the chance. Plenty of times." Moran sniffed. "Hundreds, even. I just didn't throw myself in front of a bullet or cover him if a bomb went off—no, that's too
. He just knows. John will never come home because he is home, home in that little silver urn in a place that suddenly feels like not much of a home at all.
The Garrideb hideout was an open secret in town, particularly due to its reputation as the closest reliable gin mill, as well as the local pig farm. As such, you could smell it miles off, and on the more rowdy nights their parties could be heard far across the sand, fires lit in the yard, guns popping off towards the stars, women laughing, dogs barking.
“Yes.” He answered finally. “I think…it would be easy to blame you, and her, for everything. But I told you once that we are equals in everything too. I tried to keep you occupied – I really did. You remember.”
The man looked like he was going to swing John back down and toss him across the room if his face was any indication.
A small crowd had clustered on one side of the Ponte delle Guglie, dark figures leaning over the railing. A triumphant shout sounded. and a call went out to raise the nets that filtered the sea green Lido waters.
There was much work to do. John’s recovery would take precedence, and after that, Sherlock must know the face he had seen for one moment – one brief, dreadful moment – there in the parasite that had attached itself to John, feeding off his life and his spirit. The face of his former thrall, the man Sherlock had left to die rather than turn himself, an old enemy who, against all logic, he was certain he had seen, was certain was responsible for this, though how he had yet to figure out.
, thanks for asking!" Greg snarls as they run. "I've just got a pack of hellhounds running after me and a crazy demon possibly controlling them, but other than that my day's going
Night had settled over the grasslands. The black river water lapped slowly into the port, a long day unwinding into evening.
Sherlock looked away, his mind already racing through the scenario. Harry took the car, and Billy willingly went with her, flirting, hoping for sex. She missed the entrance to the cabin, but swerved off the road for privacy; she’d fed on him then, probably killed him in the car, tried to mop up some excess blood so she didn’t spill and ruin the upholstery, an oddly considerate thing for her to do. She carried his body back while they found the car, inebriated with the alcohol content of his blood; she put a record on –
"I'm surprised no one's written my exact coordinates in the sky yet. Few had enough brainpower to make the connection that we were related, much as that fact pains me to acknowledge."
"Good, sir. I feel very tip and top of the shape." Mikheia glanced to the door, as if he was expecting someone else to follow John in.
"There's always something." Sherlock sighed, then turned around, his pistol aimed at the center of John's heart.
; he seems to be everywhere and nowhere, omnipresent and omnipotent. Moran knew the moment he walked in that a scared little boy crouches in the shadows, torn between whether he will change his life or wet his pants or both.  Is this what fear feels like? True fear, deep in the hot-blood pit of his gut?
John closed his eyes, letting his head loll against the brick wall, not sure whether to feel relieved or annoyed at the voice now shouting obscenities at him as those leather clad hands gently began examining every visible open wound with equal, intense concern.
The sunlight was warm on his face, shining through the window in front of him. It felt nice. The metal cut into his neck. The fates had been merciful, allowing him only one day away from him before taking pity on him and letting Sherlock join him. He'd be glad to. He stopped struggling, letting his hands fall away. He'd make this an easy job for whoever it was. His heart pounded as he shut his eyes.
But mostly terrifying. Especially now that habituation had been kicking in, big time. Sherlock’s body simply didn’t seem to agree with
There was a bit of fumbling behind him and then John felt the tip of Sherlock’s cock against his arse, ever so gently wriggling around his entrance for a bit, which felt like heaven, until it pressed steadily against the centre, and then effortlessly slid inside.
It had been wonderful and weird. Like old times, except now Rose had a bump with someone else’s child in it.
The thought only occurred to Smith halfway through his fifth story. He stopped talking and got up, walking over to where Sherlock’s clothes and coat were hanging. Indeed, as he rummaged through all of the garments, he found no less than three recording devices, hidden away in seams and pockets.
Sherlock didn’t remember. But he knew for a fact he’d read all of John’s blog, so he must have read this also. Which only went to prove his point. Unconsciously stored information could most certainly influence dreams and decisions.
She stretched her arm above and behind her, holding the raisins just out of reach, cackling and sticking out her tongue, as he made a complete fool out of himself.
Try as he might to focus on the Moriarty case, his mind kept coming back to these questions in circles.
“I don’t even know where she lives. I’ve never been! They speak funny though, over there. Some of the people on the plane talk like that as well. I can’t understand a single word of what they’re saying!”
. They undoubtedly had some warning system in place where Mycroft was alerted as soon as he broke the rules. All the better. He could use a little help.
Sherlock fell silent for a bit, considering how to cut to the chase. He took a long breath. “He tried to kill me by strangling me with a skipping rope when I was five.”
John deliberately kept moving in a gentle slow-motion, taking his time to plant kisses wherever he could reach; making love to Sherlock as he never had to anyone before.
Then John put down his mug. “Ugh, but who am I kidding? If anything, I need to resume my work at the surgery.” He dragged a hand over his face. “I think I can’t actually keep claiming that I’m still in
John spotted some bees flying back to their hive not far from where they sat. “It’s a lovely place, this,” he continued. “So you used to come here frequently in the past, I gather?” He took a bite of his crumble, which was delicious.
They’d agreed they would visit an art museum together as soon as Sherlock was back from Norway. He thought it was an outrage that the last time anybody had taken Sherrinford to one was over eight years ago – on his birthday the year he’d come out of prison.
After pulling down the cloth and blinking at his surroundings, Arthur ran to his dad, who held him in his arms, clearly overcome with joy and relief. “You were right
“Meanwhile, I will be concealed at the other end. I need you to have a clear view of the suspect and hear what they have to say. And don’t worry. I’ve taken measures to ensure that they won’t try to kill me – that is, you – again.”
While Sherlock helped wriggle his knickers off his legs, John took the opportunity to quickly take off his suffocating leggings – and his pants, while he was at it.
. But at least he now had time for a different visit; one that he was, in fact, looking forward to much more.
Irene Adler looked around the room that was her new temporary home and sat down on the bed. The mattress was not too soft, just like she preferred. On the walls, there were several faded botanical drawings in simple wooden frames. An old-fashioned cradle stood in a corner. Flowery curtains moved slightly on the breeze that came through the open window.
John was determined, however, to soon make Sherlock feel less insecure and less awkward about sex, and ‘all the unwritten rules of sexual interaction’ that he’d said he still needed to learn. There was only one rule that mattered, as far as John was concerned – to be open and sincere, even if it meant being blunt or disappointing the other, which was fine – and they were both sticking to it incredibly well, he thought.
Hannah grabbed her phone and started to type furiously, her jaw set. “I’m letting Mycroft know I’m compromised. There will be some decisions to be made.”
When they were quiet again, John realised there was one more thing he felt he needed to say. He took a long breath. “Listen, I know that my previous marriage was just an empty shell that didn’t mean anything, which for some people might make it a reason never to marry again. But for me it’s all the more reason to want to set things right and be married properly. To the love of my life. You.”
To slaughter a dog like that… John couldn’t imagine what it must have been like for Sherlock at the time, having been so young. Was that why he’d decided later on to fight crime, John wondered? Because he’d experienced the deep wounds of injustice?
Why did he even keep checking the clock? Sherlock turned his head away from the red digits on the bedside table, instead looking down at his hands. Hands that had touched John, explored his body, made him climax. Even though it had been mere days, it felt like a distant memory already.
For the same reason, she dressed in wildly different styles each day (which, to be fair, she usually liked to do anyway).
novels, ha.” He lifted his mug. “Could be more effective than therapy. Also, cheaper. Not to mention safer.”
John stopped in the middle of the room. “Oh, that’s… that’s a really nice idea, in fact. Thanks, Sherlock.”
Sherlock put away his magazine and stood. “Please, would Your Lordship sit down in this chair and tell us what the matter is?” He saw John eye him from the corner of his vision.
There was a look of mild horror on his brother’s face at the sight of the infant, which quickly faded into curious wonder. He seemed to scrutinise both Sherlock and John, but especially John, as if trying to deduce what the nature of their relationship was.
Moreover, he felt like absolute hell, aching all over, nauseous, unable to focus his eyes properly on anything and at the same time, badly in need of a hit. Very badly.
“Of course, yes. Of course I would like to sleep in your room. If that’s… if that’s alright with you.” John was still a little out of breath from the stairs.
Sherlock and Sherrinford continued to become closer, spending two days a week together, drawing and painting and going for walks (him being allowed to leave his room freely now).
“Hmm,” Sherlock hummed. “And you’re about to become even luckier.” Sherlock turned around to face him, water sploshing everywhere, with a seductive grin on his face that made John blush like a teenager. Sherlock brought his face close to John’s, resting his elbows on the edge of the tub as he not quite touched John’s nose with his. “Now, I want you to behave this afternoon and to pay
Rosamund had, of course, travelled through this whole stretch of Norway within only three days. She’d then left the country by taking a flight from Trondheim to Warsaw, via Stockholm. But she had stayed in Trondheim for a full day before flying, with her GPS signal staying suspiciously in one specific hotel all day long.
In a flash of a moment, Sherlock was reminded of another shocked couple in a similarly fancy restaurant, and he quickly pushed the memory away. John had forgiven him and all had turned out well.
Sherlock closed his eyes. He kept seeing jellyfish when he did that, gently floating around, as if nothing had happened. The jellyfish at the Aquarium certainly hadn’t batted an eyelash when Mary (Rosamund) had fallen to the floor bleeding, just outside their tank. Nor had they the moment before, when she had appeared quite literally out of the blue and aimed her gun at Vivian Norbury, who had, of course, been unarmed and innocent of everything to which she was now confessing in another part of the same building.
“I’ve been better.” Sherlock whispered back. The pain in his thigh was at a roaring inferno, unbearable. He’d wish John had the strength to cut it off.
He did as John asked him and left, leaving John to his doubts, leaving him to simmer in Sherlock's unintentional quasi-betrayal, in his deceit and the fact that, once more, John had been lied to, had been used, by someone he trusted.
“Three years,” Sherlock mumbled back, running his hands along John’s sides.  “2 months, 21 days. 8 hours, 4 minutes, 20 seconds, 13 milliseconds. I didn’t miss you, John. I mourned you. I
"You know I've seen all kinds in here. Murderers, arsonists, street punks that thought they were tough. Never seen a coward though. Never seen a gun-for-hire that thought he was grade-A beef when he was really just leftovers. Well, until today that is. Moriarty could have had Sherlock, and when he didn't get what he wanted, he settled for you." Lestrade shrugs. "Can't blame him, really. There's not much competition."
John, killing to save someone again. Always for someone else. Sherlock wondered if he'd ever be able to repay the favour.
"Lestrade! Hey!" The man bursts from the stairwell, striding determinedly towards them. "Who's the new guy?"
John laughs at his dry jokes. John indulges Sherlock's ravage desire for Indian food after a case, laughing as he throws bits of naan at him. John watches movies with an infectious interest (Sherlock notes that John quickly develops an interest in Bond movies, but he tends to watch John more than the actual movies). John makes him tea. John stands behind him and hugs him with arms that bespeak of quiet strength (he learns not to hold the tea when he does this after the first time). John lets Sherlock touch his wings, lets him ask his questions, lets him measure the wingspan and each feather's length and his reflexes when he senses danger behind him.
