"Are you here every Saturday, Dean? With Ben?"
"What'd you do?"
Sam watched his father become inconsolable. The panic that crept into his face was unbearable to watch.
"You're right. I know." 2 tears escaped.
“I want to be,” Cas said quietly, “I...if Dean wants me.”
"What?!" Sam couldn't believe it. "So...his dad is Chuck?" He felt sick all of a sudden and he knew why Dean wanted to protect Cas. Gabriel had always been pretty private about his past, but Dean and Sam had been part of his life when he had the final falling out with the man and they had learned enough of the back story to know that Chuck was a bastard.
Hannah nodded and took her phone out, saving his number and smiling at him.
"Yeah, you do. But that's what brothers are for."
"OK…?"
When all your faith is gone
“I met Frank when he brought his truck in for service at the shop - he’s friends with the owner and drives to Lawrence for tune ups. Earlier this spring we got to talking, and I found out he owns this place. He’s going to show us around. I thought you might enjoy something like this? I arranged it months ago, and he said this would be a good time of year to come because the property looks the prettiest in the fall. I thought we could learn about honeybees and have a picnic out here.” Cas still felt like there was a piece missing to the puzzle, but he was too intrigued by his surroundings to let it distract him too much.
Dean watched Cas’s hands expertly finish shaping the bottom pie crust into the tin.
"Yeah?"
"Why didn't you ever say anything?" His voice wavered.
“Please Lisa, you don’t have to do this. You don’t have to go.”
“Dean?” He said apprehensively.
The thought made him chub up uncomfortably and he had to get a grip before he made his next house call. His thoughts had been rather explicit this morning and his mind wouldn't shut up about Dean Winchester.
He woke up when they hit the dirt road leading to their dad's cabin in Northern Minnesota. It was late- almost 10pm.
When he emerged from the shower, he saw that Dean had brought his clothes in for him. How had it only been 12 hours since he wore that suit, hyperventilating in his car as it blew up, suspecting with dread that he would lose his job and everything else in his life?
“Drop my dry-cleaning off tomorrow when your car is fixed. Then go to the office and collect your personal belongings. This is strike three. You’re fired.” Naomi hung up and Cas pulled the phone away from his ear as the loud “click” echoed on the other end of the line.
“How did you know I would be drawn to your painting?”
Cas felt Dean staring at him and looked over with a small smile.
“Y-you do,” Cas stuttered. “And I deserve it.”
"From who?" Dean asked.
"It's...good. You can't even imagine how much I need this."
"I can teach you, Sam. I wouldn't ask if I didn't think you could handle it."
“It’s not that, it’s just...it’s not you.” Dean closed the distance between them until their faces were close. Cas held her breath, letting Dean move into her space to study this new version of his best friend.
Gabriel rolled the window down a crack.
He hadn’t really thought through his mismatched outfit or his bedhead when he had gotten up, but the way Dean’s eyes traveled over his body when he brought out the coffee made him blush, and he managed to get that sleepy smile he was hoping for.
Dean continued chatting with Ben when Lisa went outside to get his bag, but he was distracted when Cas followed her. And then they were out there for way too long. When he went to check on them, he found them in an intimate embrace, and he wasn’t entirely sure how to handle it. His stomach fell into his feet at the thought that Lisa had told Cas anything about their relationship and why it ended. He didn’t think Lisa would have opened up that much to a complete stranger, but then again...he wasn’t really sure of much right now.
"It's you, daddy. My teacher says angels are people that watch over us, even if we can't always see them. You're my angel, daddy."
Dean wants to say,
With one hand gripping his sling-bag, Castiel held out the cassette for the alpha to see.
Growing stillness envelopes them and Castiel breathes in deep, letting his shoulders go lax as he lounges back against the wall.
before Dean's thrusts stagger, and then Dean is coming in thick, white stripes, sheathing Castiel's inside with hot, guzzling release.
And he is
Through the doorway, Castiel catches a glimpse of Dean, who pulls off his blood-soaked shirt and drops it to the ground, walking over to the sink to splash some water on his face. Castiel's eyes wander into the distance, as he stands against the counter, a glass full of water in his hands, passive and emotionless.
"Uhm, I don't, I didn't—" Eventually, he sighs, his voice raising a notch as he squeaks, "Are the walls really that thin?"
"And I'm trying. But what's your excuse? You
Castiel falters, eyes bulging out their sockets as his mouth drops open. He shifts his weight onto his other foot, struggling to find an appropriate answer
"All the more reason to talk to you.” Green says. “Your voice doesn't sound much different, y'know, but it does sound clear."
The perfect angel.
The silhouette of a man floats closer, and Dean notes his shadow grow larger from the corner of his eye, and at last, a hand settles over his shoulder in a fleeting touch.
It's by—"
"Mh," Deanna sucked around Cas's nipple, nibbling the nub and laving her tongue around it to soak it with her spit. Cas whined, mewling and purring in her arms as Deanna pushed in three fingers instead of two, stretching inside Castiel, widening and crooking her fingers, rubbing against the spot she knew drove Cas crazy with arousal, and as expected, Cas cried out Deanna's name, a litany of curses falling past her lips as she bucked her hips, instincts taking over, and rode her alpha's fingers.
As soon as he steps out of the bakery, leaving its warmth behind, he's punched in the face with a gush of cold, sharp air, and he hitches his jacket closer, pressing the paper bag close to him as he takes a sip of the coffee in his other hand.
"Can you turn back time?"
"That it does."
“It is called Love’s Philosophy.”
"Dean– don't leave, please–"
Their lips meet. Plush, soft, dry, warm.
“And I was supposed to know... when? After you were gone?”
"God, I miss her too. It's been what, months? Four months? I saw her picture last week. They really do grow them big in the Winchester family line."
"It looks better on you than it does on me."
Oh, Castiel wondered, letting out a relieved breath, as he grinned and nodded. "I'm about nineteen weeks along. Four months, roughly."
to go to hell."
Before Dean can answer, a loud rumble from his stomach answers for him, and Sam fixes him with a dry, bitchy look.
When Castiel knows Dean is close, he wraps his fat pink lips around the throbbing, red tip of Dean's cock, and he hollows his mouth around the length, pressing his lips tight, creating a tight, wet heat for Dean to thrust up into. The thrusts start out rhythmic at first, and Dean's bruised knuckles, now covered with fading ointment, thread through Castiel's hair, holding his head in place, as Dean bucks his hips up, moaning and spitting out curses left, right and centre. The thrusts become sporadic after a while, and Castiel's name graces Dean's lip, a prayer, as he comes inside Castiel's mouth, the salty, musky taste of semen flooding Castiel's tongue. The hand in his head falls loose, and with no hesitance whatsoever, Castiel swallows the semen down, arousal thrumming under his skin.
"Dean, it's me."
, Dean thinks, and grabs a slip of paper from the journal he was writing in a few hours ago. He grabs his pen, and walks over to grab the book he flung onto the couch. He pulls out a chair to seat himself down at his desk. He lays the paper down flat, and holds the pen to the front as he begins to write.
As he peered around the empty foyer to search for what had creaked, there came a slight
"That's right, baby, fuck yourself on my finger, mmm..."
. And Dean couldn't even do that.
"It is a woman, isn't it?"
Castiel’s eyes shut. His head falls back against the wall.
Castiel’s smile fades away.
It was the first of January.
The very blade Cain had used to killed Abel at the dawn of humanity.
Green simply laughs, and the brush of fingers against the strings of a guitar floats through the wall again.
"Oh yeah? Why?"
"I don't know. I don't fucking know."
,’ and
my ass?"
Dean used to hate nights.
Castiel's words draw Dean out of his reverie, and he shakes his head with a cursory smile, turning his gaze up to meet Castiel's as a steaming hot mug of coffee is placed in his hands, the mere scent of it sending a jolt of refreshment through Dean's body.
"I said," Castiel says, gritting his teeth, "
Dean's hand fell away, the stimulation ceased, and everything simmering within Castiel's gut dissipated into nothing.
"Mildred?"
"I've told you this before. You can't change what you did, can you? You regret it, yes, you’ve acknowledged you were wrong, and you're trying to make amends. You're not part of it anymore."
him, of Dean thinking he’s a pathetic, sick, love-struck young child who doesn’t know what he wants. Dean doesn’t care for him
"Wanna' go for a drive?"
and Castiel curses, letting his hand fall away from his shoulder, as he leans over to inspect the pegs at the end of the neck.
A stinging pain coursed through Castiel's chest as Dean pinched his nipples once again, but this time, he let his hands fall away and instead, walked around to face Castiel, mighty and broad, and it had Castiel cowering for a few seconds, before warm, wet lips latched onto his nipple.
"But—"
"Deal. But don't you dare back down."
Dean mumbles, and takes Castiel's hands into his own, before sliding his arms around Castiel's waist, and pressing his face into Castiel's stomach. Before Castiel can oppose him, Dean is kissing his skin, kissing above his navel, kissing up his abdomen, scrunching the fabric of his shirt up, pulling it off his shoulders, and pulling Castiel down into his lap. Chapped lips nip at Castiel's jaw, and a moan slips past his lips, as broad, cold hands press against his warm chest. The meat of Dean's palm rubs against Castiel's nipple, and he sinks his teeth into his bottom lip, falling pliant into Dean's arms, grinding his crotch against the chubby erection bulging inside Dean's boxers.
"I like talking to you,” Dean says. “Somehow speaking to a stranger is far more therapeutic than it would seem to be."
"Love you," he mumbles, gripping Castiel tightly in his arms, tight enough that nothing could take him away from Dean.
But then, Dean's eyes went wide. His mouth dropped open as he gaped at Castiel, who stood, confused if not a bit panicked.
"With uh, with a friend."
"Girlfriend?"
, much larger than Castiel's own, and Castiel clenched his hole, wondering how it would feel to have a cock as large as Dean's sink into his stomach.
Castiel sighed.
, you
Dean straightens, eyebrows knit together as he turns back to stare at the wall, the beer in his hand lowering with uncertainty.
"You know, boy, I knew there was somethin' going on between the two of you the moment you spoke to me the other day. When you was out with all those brown bags."
The key twists in the keyhole, and Castiel pushes his door open, kicking his boots off as he shuts the door behind him and heads over to the kitchen to set the paper bag down. He massages a crick in his neck, before breathing in a deep breath and glancing over to the wall he shares with Dean. Dean, who he knows so little about, and yet so much about.
"Dean—" Castiel shouted, his eyes going wide as he bit back a round of tears, and dropped down into a crouch to gather his notes, "-I said no. I won't help you."
"What is it, Dean?"
Castiel broke into a string of moans as Dean groaned behind him, and after what felt like ages, began to move. In and out, in and out. The drag of his cock was so long Castiel felt his anal walls dilate and contract, only to swell open when Dean's cock plunged in.
"Promise me you're never gonna' say that again."
Castiel.
Giving into his temptation, Dean presses the number, and puts the call on speaker.
Benny had invited Castiel to a New Year's Eve party, and Castiel had acquiesced to come. Anything to distract him. Twenty-fourth December was the last Castiel had seen of Dean. After he had walked out the door, enraged and seething, Castiel had decided it was best if he distanced himself from Dean. He even made sure to ask Benny, although discreetly, if Dean was coming to the party, and Benny had shook his head, saying Dean had business to attend to. The relief pouring through Castiel's veins at not having to see Dean should not have felt as sweet as it did, but Castiel knew his place now, and he was alright with where he was. His place was in the background of Dean's life, as it always had been. His place was away from Dean. Being away from Dean meant making Dean happy, and for Dean to be happy, Castiel would do anything.
. How he laughs like a child. How he speaks with the wisdom of a saint. How he gets pouty when Dean teases him. How every time Dean hears him speak, he never wants him to stop. How every time he's concerned for Dean, his voice heaves with emotion.
Castiel from the spell, and the spell hit Dean–"
Tears flood Dean's eyes, and at once, he finds it hard to breath. He doubles over, digging a hand into his knee as he sobs, letting his tears fall into the void under him.
"But you know what the quote means, don't you?" Castiel asks.
From the corner of his eyes, Castiel notices Dean crumpling the bedsheets in his hand, head fallen back on the pillow as a string of filthy, mindless words slips past his lips, a litany of
He hears a groan at the other end.
How had he come to this, he wondered, not for the first time in a long while, for he'd lost count of how many hours he'd been hung up on the ropes. Hours, days, weeks.
"Eh, you weren't prying. I just... Can I be honest?"
"Out here?" Castiel asked, as he pulled away, dizzy with Dean's scent engulfing him, hands still wrapped around his mate.
Castiel’s eyes widen.
"Inside," Castiel managed to mumble, "— come inside me."
A few moments linger between them, absolutely still, before Dean suggests, rather boldly, “-would you like to walk with me?”
"Well, I would have gotten back to playing one day or another. What difference does it make if I happen to play for you?"
"Nobody is telling you what you did was right, Green. And you know what, I'll be honest, it’s horrifying that you were a part of something like that. All I'm trying to say to you is that you are
“But, uh, about a month left." Dean chuckles, but it doesn’t sound genuine, it sounds forced.
Castiel groaned again.
"Hold on, that's our private land, right? It's ours— mine, if we're getting technical, so don't they have to approve things with me? I own that place, Sam, they can't just threaten to sell it off—"
A demon. Dean had turned him into a demon.
"Did you meet them?"
and walks over to Jack, reaching out for the violin to inspect it.
"Hey, Dean, hey, talk to me, sweetheart."
"Cas, I, it's
Somehow, the knowledge of Green's forthcoming departure twists a chord inside Castiel's heart. Sure, he's only known the man for three days, and yes, he's never seen him either— he doesn't even know a name— but the mere thought of finding someone who
"Dude, did you see Adler's face? Back in class? When you pointed out the correction in the equation, man, that was awes—" Dean's words broke off, and Castiel glanced back at Dean, who had been trailing him around like a lost puppy, but he wasn't walking. No, he wasn't talking either, he was frozen. His face was turned towards the side, and Castiel watched the movement of his eyes as they rolled to the side, and at last, Castiel's wandered over to where Dean had been staring.
“You said you’d tell me why.”
Nights.
"So, you're not leaving on the thirteenth? Which is in a week?"
Gabriel had to leave for work. His diner in the downtown was facing an issue with legalities, and Michael had a conference meeting in New York that evening. Both of his brothers would return late, somewhere in the night, and Castiel had the house all to himself. Had it been any other occasion, the house was certain to be filled of the sounds of two young, seventeen-year-old boys playing video games, laughing, fighting, and snoring until evening, but today the house was silent. Pin-drop silent.
"I am sworn to obey you, my liege." Dean answers, and strokes a thumb down Castiel's face, hooking it over his plump, juicy bottom lip before dragging it lower. However much his urges encourage him to continue touching Castiel, he supresses his desires in favour of obeying the prince's request, and pushes himself off the prince. His feet touch the ground and he stands up, broad and tall, hovering over the young prince, and slowly, beging to undress himself. The prince's eyes track every small movement of his hand as he reveals his bare chest, stepping out of his tunic, and at last, pushes his trousers down to reveal his cock. It's thick, and curved slightly to the side, and hangs heavy between his legs. Castiel's eyes darken, and he reaches out at once, with a small bit of hesitation, to wrap his fingers around Dean's cock. Curious and wonder-filled eyed gaze up at Dean.
, he thinks, as he transitions into the chorus, an effortless, easy transition, and a smile graces his lips as he draws in a breath, letting his body go lax as he plays the song to completion.
"Whatever it is, Dean, I know it's not your fault. And even if it is, I forgive you. Of course, I forgive you. You're here, and I feel so much better already. Whatever it is, just don't leave now. Just please...
"I... I suppose I can."
Pain courses through Dean's body, subtle yet unbearable, as he hisses, and digs his hands into his head.
"Fuck it. We'll go away from here. We'll use our savings, we'll take a loan. I'll resign from my job. We'll buy a house somewhere far away, you, me, Sam. Just us. And Sam can finish his college over there."
At once, Castiel is picking up his feet and walking into the bedroom, and this time, he slams the door shut behind him, making sure Dean's confused yells and pleas of ‘
"You're expectin'? Can I ask how far along you are?"
"Erm," Castiel pondered, tearing his eyes away from the alpha as he felt arousal coil in the depths of his gut. He only hoped he wouldn't start slicking, else the alpha would without a doubt be able to scent him.
and stuffing it inside his backpack. "I was busy listening to a podcast. I've been meaning to do so for weeks."
around Dean's cock, opening up wide and big as Dean pushed the tip in, easing his way inside with his pre-come, but the moment the girth of it began sinking in, Castiel felt himself lose all semblance of self. His tongue hung over his lips, his eyes rolled to the back of his head, and drool ran down the side of his mouth as he grinned, completely out of it, feeling Dean's large, monstrous cock fill him.
"Fuck," he mumbles, and slumps against Dean's broad body, not bothered about the come sticking against their chests as Castiel wraps his arms around Dean's back, forehead falling against Dean's shoulder as he feels a soothing hand run through his hair. His eyes slip shut, and all he can comprehend for the moment, is Dean's voice, a whisper, as he speaks to Castiel.
"Oh, you forgot your jacket at my place."
With a distant smile, Castiel hums, "-Yes. In the fridge."
Thick, long fingers run through his hair, rubbing behind his ear and massaging his nape, before settling between his shoulder blades.
He pulled away to lick stripes of spit up and down Dean's cock, drenching it as much as he could. Castiel stroked the base of Dean's cock with his hands, moving them in sync with his mouth, as he bobbed and sucked, moaned around the length and toyed with the slit, drinking in every last drop of pre-come trickling down Dean's cock.
Horse hooves clopped against the smooth, stone pavement as a pair of stunning, black mares trotted across the ground, drawing behind them a large, polished-black carriage with red embossed sigils of the Sandover Company. Slowly, the carriage came to a pause, and the door on the side clicked open. Dean Winchester, an alpha with short, spiky blonde hair, and bright, green eyes descended from the carriage, and set a briefcase down on the stone pavement, before holding a hand out towards the carriage.
to possess illegal arms."
"Alright, alright. Get your pretty ass dressed, I'll come by in a while." Dean pushes himself off the bed and stretches his arms up, yawning before sending Castiel a smile, and walking out the bedroom. Castiel follows him on instinct out of the bedroom and into the living room, where Dean grabs his phone and put his boots on.
"I love you too," Castiel yells out from where he slowly steps away, staggering back until his back hits a wall, and he finds himself standing right outside the entrance to their apartment.
Castiel doesn't comment on the sudden change, instead pulls away from Dean's arms, and tugs at his hand, urging him to follow Castiel as they walk out of the kitchen, and into the bedroom across the floor. Castiel notes how Dean's eyes linger on Sam's sleeping body, before Castiel pulls him into the bedroom, and shuts the door behind them.
Castiel against him.
It leaked a large string of thick, white pre-come at the tip, and Dean gathered it across his fingers, only to spread his pre-come over Castiel's tight, pink puckered hole. Castiel hissed at the touch, letting his head fall forward, when at once, Dean's long, thick tentacled tongue snaked around Castiel's neck and squeezed it. A loud whimper felt past Castiel's lips as Dean choked him with his long, snake-like tongue, and yet, he found himself giving in and arching his back as Dean's fingers, simply two of them, thrusted into his tiny hole.
you don't look as horrifying as you say you are."
. They could have said so many things in those five days. And now Dean will never know what they could have said, all because Castiel had a little childish fit.
"God, you feel so good," Dean hisses, and tilts his head down to capture Castiel's lips in a soft, wet kiss, which to him, never seems to end. Their lips never pull away, only part from one another for a second or two, when Castiel urges Dean to fuck into him
With that, he handed Dean a key, most likely the key to their bedroom, and stepped aside.
"I think I requested something of you,
, and in return, receive a grumbled
"How much," Dean croaked out, his voice hoarse, "-how much did it cost?"
"Say what?"
"No, it can't be you. It can't—" Castiel gasped, giving into Dean's warm touch.
"Me too."
of talking outside of the walls of their homes, he crouches down at the door about a few feet away from his, and slips the note inside.
"If we put our minds to it, nope."
Cas, whose heart he will break when he leaves tomorrow.
"Oh?"
"Yeah, it'll be quick, don't worry," Dean says, and his words are followed by the sound of muffled shuffling.
He made sure to dry the tear stains on it, iron the creases from the hugs, and wash it until his scent had dissipated.
Castiel's face.
Swallowing thick, Dean does as told.
"I play about six instruments in total. The piano, the violin, the guitar, a bit of flute, and well, different variations of the same instruments. Like ukuleles, cellos, and all."
He croaks out, his hands crumpling Castiel's shirt where he grips it, face buried in the crook of Castiel's neck, thin, wet tears staining Castiel's skin as Dean goes pliant in his arms. Unable to help himself, Castiel reaches up on his toes, brushing his fingers through the hair at Dean's nape, holding him close in his arms, tight enough to hide him away from the world. Blue eyes prickle with tears, falling onto Dean's calloused skin, one by one, as he loses himself in Dean's arms.
With a soft exhale, he holds the jacket up, senses instantly flooding with the scent of Dean's cologne, something spicy, and something softer clinging to the fabric, laundry freshener, maybe. Before he knows it, he's bundling the jacket closer to his face, and the scent of the jacket is no less than the warmth Dean exudes around him. A smile graces Castiel's lips as he pulls away and proceeds to fold the jacket, draping it over his arm as he walks over to the door, stepping out and shutting it behind him.
Garth chuckled, and nodded his head, "-of course, she'd love to meet ya' too, sir."
Dean rolls his eyes, a smile pulling at his lips as he tightens his arms around Castiel, and pulls him in closer, brushing his nose against Castiel’s hair.
"And where did you learn this?"
"Exactly why I put it. Have a nice day, hon," she says, and Castiel nods politely before walking out the glass door.
That— It's— No— it can't be.
A tension seizes Dean's body as he gazes down at Castiel.
"Hello Dean."
"Boyfriend?"
"I've wanted you for months, Dean. When you showed up today, I was so scared. I thought you'd hate me, that you'd think I was disgusting."
"The door—" His eyes wandered over to the room behind the staircase, "—why did you say it won't open?"
"The angel is yours. Now and forever. Go on then, rewrite the pages of history, Dean Winchester, and let the world know that there lives a man today, whose love surpasses Orpheus'."
which in his defense, Dean can’t scold him for.
"You're not hanging up."
“Kreschner said you gave him the notice last night. How long have you known?”
To call it a cock, however, was an understatement.
When Dean looks back up at his brother, a smile spreads across his face, and he nods, clapping Sam on the shoulder before walking past him, out of the kitchen, and into the passageway, a hesitant, but determined look on his face.
"Will you meet me? Face to face? Before you leave?" He asks, one last time, expecting Dean's reluctance, but needing to make sure for himself.
Castiel chuckles, and Dean's hands slide over his waist, pulling him close as he massages the back of Dean's ears, at his nape, and over his head, stepping back to let the water pour through his hair and wash the shampoo away.
"I promise, I will."
"Surprise, surprise, you're in love with the angel," Rowena scoffs, brushing her hand off as if the words she says mean nothing at all, "-honestly, boy, it's been a long time coming. I mean, all these years of dilly-dallying? Gosh, I'd rather go straight to town on the second date. Can't keep up with all the pining." She chirps and inspects her fingernails, an air of indifference exuding off of her.
"Yes," Dean whispers, and lets his hands steady Castiel's hips, "-tell me if it hurts."
"Samuel, this spell will take me fifteen minutes at the most. I need you and your brother to wait outside," Rowena says, turning back to glance between Dean and Sam. Dean sighs and turns to Sam, who drops his hands down beside him and nods.
"Cas, trust me, I'm fine."
With a sarcastic roll of his eyes, Castiel dislodges from Dean, and grabs his hand, dragging him out of the kitchen and into the living room, where he urges Dean to sit down on the sofa. Dean watches as Castiel grabs a slender violin case from the shelf across him and unlocks the case with utmost care. Although it's no surprise how delicate Castiel is with his violin, Dean does find it quite endearing, since Castiel always treats everything with such sensitivity.
He needed to know who Dean Winchester was.
“The world is so unfair, right? I mean, Freddie didn’t deserve that. There are thousands of people in the world that didn’t deserve the way they were treated for being in the LGBTQ+ community.”
"I'm sorry, I'm not following," Dean admits and narrows his eyes at Rowena, who nods, taking a deep breath before speaking up again. This time, her voice is more animated.
?" Sam sighs, his voice defeated.
"Don't be."
A second passes before the paper catches aflame, and Dean watches, with less astonishment but much more grief, as the edges turn brown, black and finally grey in the sink. When the flame nears his thumb, a disturbing, intrusive thought causes him to wonder what would happen if he simply let his finger burn, but his conscious mind acts on instinct, prompting him to drop the charring paper into the sink.
"A woman died here?" Castiel asked, somehow curious about Garth's story, "-how did she die?"
"Swallow it down like a good little bitch,
Castiel isn't expecting anyone, especially not at an hour so odd. A moment's panic seizes his body, and he glances out in the hallway. The couch is dipped, Sam's young body draped under a blanket, and he breathes out a relieved breath, slipping on a shirt he found lying on the top rack of his closet as he pads into the living room. The thin wooden door creaks as Castiel clicks it open, peeking an eye out through the gap.
"Dean, I–" Sam starts, but Dean doesn't allow him to finish as he turns to Sam with a grunt.
"No, not really. It's just uh, obstructs my mobility," Dean clears his throat, feeling his own face heat up at the thought of them together on the bed, "-and you know, I need my mobility to go to Sam, and ask for help. Which of course, he can provide us with."
"Mr. Novak, you've been so helpful," The girl’s mother says, smiling at Castiel with a glint of respect in her eyes.
"I am willing to make a deal with you, Dean Winchester."
"So, what you're saying, essentially, is that because the spell is meant to deteriorate the one thing you love, which is supposedly,
A wide smile lights up his face.
Castiel grins, flushing with heat when he catches himself doing so.
"Dean," he says after a pause, his voice low and warm.
The prince laughs.
With a sigh, he flings the book onto the couch a few feet away, and continues to walk over to the kitchen. Right as he's entering it however, the thought nags at him again.
"Dean? I thought you were– wait, what's going on? Why are you guys cuddling?" Sam's eyes go wide, and he seems to have jumped to a conclusion as his face falters, tinging visibly red, as he shuts himself out, and followed after comes his muffled voice from the other side of the door, "-Oh-oh-oh my god, I'm so sorry– I'm, I'm so sorry."
before walking over to the stand, holding his instrument up, and resting his chin upon the violin. He runs his bow against the strings, fingers gliding against the neck as he shuts his eyes, and continues playing.
"What do you mean?"
Wide eyes regard Dean, and he watches as Castiel opens his mouth, about to argue, but the loud sound of a throat hitching behind them draws their attention, and both men turn to Sam, who teeters on his feet a few steps away.
"Beautiful. Sweet. Quiet. Soft. Kind-hearted. Everything I wasn't. If I was loud, she was gentle. If I was childish, she was mature. Obviously, the differences, they pull you in at first, but days go by, and you find yourself despising those differences. Some days her silence— the same one I found endearing, it irked me. Some days, my childishness irked her. And then I was drafted, and we fell apart. I haven't talked to her since, but I don't think I will again. Some things are better left the way they are." Green sighs, and Castiel finds it hard to move from his seat.
And so Castiel rubbed his ass back against Dean's cock.
"I— I need to use the bathroom," Castiel mutters, breaking their kiss. Dean simply smiles at him.
"Cas? Cas, listen to me? Hey, buddy, wake up, please?"
Castiel gives a weak laugh, his blurry eyes twinkling with mirth as his head falls back, grinning wide at Dean, and Dean prides himself on invoking such a reaction from Castiel.
Castiel's smile falters, and he shrugs a dismissive shoulder.  "Sure. If you want to, erm, talk, just knock. I'll probably be right here."
"Fuck, you look so fucking gorgeous, Cas," he whispers, and Castiel keens into his touch with a content purr, thrusting his hips and rocking into the rhythm of Dean's hand.
"Cas," Dean called out one morning when Castiel was at his locker, grabbing Castiel by the arm, urging him to turn back. Castiel glanced at Dean, before turning back to his locker and rummaging through it.
It was real. Everything he'd said, everything he'd done— it was real. Dean was real. Their words were real. Their kiss was real.
"Are you having trouble unpacking?"
No one picks up. It goes straight to voicemail.
But first, there are things to be tended to.
Dean chuckles to himself, before nosing against the nape of Castiel's neck, and maneuvering them down until they're laying side by side in each other's arms, Dean's cock still lodged inside Castiel and Castiel's leg thrown over Dean's thigh. For a moment, Dean does nothing but watch.
"Dee, I'm gonna' come— I'm gonna'— fuck—" Cas cried out, her voice high and bloodcurdling as she came, and Dean felt her orgasm with her fingers still inside Cas. The omega's body spasmed and her hips bucked, grinding into Deanna's on their own accord, as Dean reached a hand up to cradle Cas's face, pushing stray streaks of her black hair away from her face to study her expression. Cas's eyes were shut, her mouth hung open, her face tinted red and her body glistening with sweat, and Deanna found it hard to keep her urges in check as Cas groaned once, and then sighed.
"Its ok. I want you, Cas", he whispered, "I want you so much it hurts. I've wanted you for a long time, but I didn't know it - not really. Not until you said it. Not until you told me you loved me and then I couldn't have you anymore. It's been killing me. I thought you were gone for good this time and I wasn't sure most days that I could keep on living without you. All I've done is replay that moment in my mind over and over again."
“You...know Dean Winchester? Both of you?” He looked back and forth between them in disbelief.
, he thought.
Dean obeyed, and he could feel a small pulse move through his palm when Cas entwined their fingers together, and the pulse omitted a small, blue green light.
He could sense that Dean heard Naomi by the look on his face, but he chose to reiterate the result of the exchange anyway. “I just got fired.”
“Long enough. Where’s Cas?” Sam smirked, moving to join Dean at the island.
"We haven't even told anyone about us yet, Sam. Me and Cas. Is it too soon? Am I jumping in to all of this too fast?"
“Wanna get a drink with me?” He asked.
Gabriel winked at him as they pulled out of the motel parking lot.
Cas collapsed back on to the floor in a heap of gratitude. "Thank you, Jack." He looked up as Jack gave him a small smile and snapped his fingers.
A short time later, Cas shuffled towards Dean’s room, hoping to catch him in a more agreeable mood. But he stopped in his tracks before he reached the door. He heard Dean mutter his name.
John kept talking as he stood, carrying Dean's limp body to his car. Sam rushed to grab some of the items that John had been listing off: Water. Food. Blankets. Ice packs...he couldn't really think clearly. He tried not to panic. He knew he had to be the adult here. John just had to drive; to get them to their destination. Sam would sit in the back with Dean, stabilizing his head in his lap...consoling him if he woke up.
“Cas is into you.” She mouthed it quietly as Cas emerged ungracefully over the threshold of the door. He barely caught himself before his knees hit the floor on his way back inside.
"I... actually got fired last night. And my car broke down, as you know. And I'm definitely not going to make rent this month, so I might be back to living in my car again for a while."
Dean pulled Cas in for a smothering hug, giving him that kiss on the top of the head that Cas loved so much.
“How does this feel? Is it ok?” Dean leaned down and whispered into Cas’s ear.
Cas freed him from his boxers and used the lube to start a smooth rhythm with his hand along Dean’s shaft, sliding up and down from the base to the tip with a firm, gentle grip. Almost right away, Dean began moving his hips in time with Cas’s hand motions, moaning softly through shuddering breaths, gripping the back of the couch tightly on either side of Cas’s head and burying his face in his shirt.
Cas couldn’t help but smile, wondering how Naomi would react if she found out he did that. He distracted himself with the idea for a few more seconds before deciding it was time to let Dean get back to his evening.
"Next time. Now that I know, I will serve you cherry pie and whiskey."
, Dean thought, and he felt heated then, his pants tightening involuntarily. He walked around Castiel as he flushed, undoing the remaining buttons himself, trying to immerse himself in shadow as he sat on the table, placing his sketchbook purposefully in his lap.
"That's so beautiful I might vomit."
“What?” Cas felt self-conscious with Dean looking at him like that.
"Maybe I can learn to love them. I can be open minded." He winked and went to the fridge to grab a beer.
Meanwhile, Dean continued to occupy his mind with the idea of Sam inheriting the Winchester estate. He would return often, of course, to check in and make sure that things were as they should be to provide Jodi, Sam, Eileen, Claire and Claire's future husband a comfortable and relatively drama free life. He also didn't think he could ever permanently say goodbye to any of them; he was lucky to have such a strong family unit to hold the threads of their lives together so tightly. He could never give any of this up entirely, but he was also trapped by the pull of his heart, which belonged to Castiel. And their relationship would never be accepted in London’s high society. Could he make everything work in his favor? He felt pangs of doubt and it hurt him almost as much as his physical wounds to think of having to choose one life or the other.
Sam found them asleep on the couch together. Scrabble had been forgotten after the third word. The record player had stopped, and so only the crackle of the turntable accompanied by the sound of slow, content breathing from the couch and of Eileen setting the table in the dining room filled the silence.
"Let's talk about something happy. How about the best night of your life? I need details.”
"Yes, my Lord." Dean bowed dramatically to Sam. They found it humorous to talk to each other from time to time as they talked to other members of high society at the exhausting balls and social events that plagued their schedules. The idea that he could avoid the courting and the parties and the endless string of women who wished to win his favor forever cheered him, and he turned to make his way to the tea room, finally feeling as though  he were making the right decision for himself and for his family.
Another long silence.
Then he called Balthazar.
He looked at the fortune cookie again before putting it back in his pocket. His stomach was filled with butterflies, which happened to him a lot these days when he experienced new forms of happiness, which seemed to be pretty much every day now. It was exhilarating...exciting. He wanted to feel this giddy and inspired forever.
Cas blinked slowly and gave him a sleepy smile.
"Did you at least…?"
"Yeah, dad. Lisa and I broke up. On Thursday."
"Yeah. Maybe I will."  Cas found himself grinning at the idea. He recalled that Thanksgiving when Raphael had answered the door and spit on Gabriel when he saw he had brought his boyfriend - it was impressive how quickly Gabriel reacted and stopped Balthazar from lunging at Raph, rather than fighting back. Gabriel hadn't wanted to go at all, but Balthazar struggled to understand how it could be so bad until he saw it for himself. It got worse when Chuck had appeared in the background a moment later, face red.
He had heard screaming from Dean's chambers each and every night since the fire, and had heard him yelling about angels and demons. And Sam swore that he could smell burning flesh when he changed Dean's bandages each morning and evening, as though he were burning from the inside. Dean’s bright green eyes had adopted a dullness and he rarely ate. Sam was worried about how much he had started drinking as well, and hoped that whatever quest Dean was going on now would bring him back healed both emotionally and physically. Sam needed him. He was already feeling the pressure as the new head of household and was planning on proposing to Eileen that afternoon so that they could plan a wedding and set to the important task of producing an heir for the Winchester line.
he thought, and unlocked the door for the last time.
"How did this happen in the last three days? That's what I want to know."
"Woah woah...that's my job." Dean turned Cas around and undid the last two buttons on his shirt before slipping it off. His body was covered with goosebumps as Dean explored him with light caresses.
"Is it OK with you if I tell my dad I met someone? If I think that someone is you?"
“It...looks like the painting.” Dean said thoughtfully.
"Dean. Stop. I need to concentrate on this." He whispered it, a slight shakiness in his voice, too.
Anna got a faraway look on her face, and it made Gabriel nervous. One thing that always bothered him about his cousin was her inability to keep things to herself, and she had a big mouth. He wondered what she was thinking about.
"When? To who? How long have you been seeing someone? Is she here?"
“Dean?” Cas’s deep voice drifted around the corner. “Are you ok?”
“Fuck off, Sammy. But if me and Cas disappear later, don’t go looking for us. I plan on dragging him out to the Impala for some alone time after the first dance.”
, he thought.
"I'm always going to be here, Dean. The bunker is always going to be here. Is that all that's stopping you from staying there?"
“The first thing that came into my head when I saw that message from Anna was ‘Finally.’”
"Dean?"
“I’m here, Dean. I’m going to fix this now.” He squeezed Dean’s hand and turned around to give Donna a small nod, letting her know that she was free to take her leave.
“Dean, I want to see you.” Cas was fumbling with the button on Dean’s jeans, his hands still shaking. Dean moved to help him, unbuttoning his own pants and guiding Cas’s hand to his hard length, sliding it up and down and releasing a surprised moan - it felt way too good to have Cas’s hands on him. He enjoyed the way Cas responded, canting his hips up to match the motion of his hand rubbing on Dean’s cock, his eyelashes fluttering erratically.
"I think he's in shock. It's...Cas. and our friend Gabriel. There was an accident. It sounds like maybe Cas didn't make it." His voice cracked and for a minute he thought he might pass out, too. But he couldn't- he had to be strong for Dean.
He had a lot of time to think on his drive north once Sam fell asleep. Their conversation had been exactly what he needed and he was happy to have the time now to mull everything over. A lot of his thoughts had become repetitive lately as he tried to paint himself a picture of what the future might look like if Cas stayed in his life, but he enjoyed thinking about it.
“Do you want me to answer it?”
That was weird; someone must have forgotten something. He fully expected it to be Sam checking up on him and tried to muster an annoyed expression. But to his surprise, he didn’t recognize the face staring back at him when he opened the door. And the bright blue eyes that connected with his punched all the air out of his lungs.
Dean’s breathing was suddenly shallow and his mind buzzed with desire. He moved his hands from Cas’s waist and twined his fingers into her hair, but that’s where he reached his limit and he became uncomfortable with what was happening. Dean pulled away as panic replaced the longing that had started settling itself into every corner of his mind.
. Dean hummed against him, feeling his angel's frantic need for release,  knowing he had to stop; he wanted them to come together.
Then Cas was guiding Dean’s face slowly down towards hers, and their lips met softly. Dean hadn’t opened his eyes. He wasn’t ready to come back to reality quite yet, and he deepened their kiss. Something about this new, bold Cas was exciting and he allowed himself to get lost in it. But he also wanted her to know what he saw in his mind behind closed eyes when she kissed him.
“Hello? Hello...Cas?” Cas snapped back to the present when he heard Naomi’s voice on the other end of the phone.
There comes a time
"No, buddy." Dean chimed in. "Cas is just a friend. I'm helping him with his car today. You can help too if you want? You're coming to work with me."
Bright, welcoming lights reflected off of the accumulating snow once Dean was inside the grounds, and the ring of warmly lit buildings blocked the wind – the snow was falling gently from the sky now, leaving everything covered in a dusting of delicate white powder. It was like being in a snow globe.
"How's it going, Cas?"
"Yeah. Text me."
When Gabriel looked at him, his eyes were shiny. He had balled his hands into fists and his mouth was set in a strained line.  Cas leaned in to hug him tight.
Dean didn’t know what to say - it was true that he was more in tune to womens’ anatomy. Naturally, he had not been given the opportunity to study the male form up close.
They worked in silence in the garden, both on their hands and knees, Dean watching what Cas was doing and copying him. It warmed Cas to the core to watch Dean digging holes for each of the flowers and dropping them in gently, one by one, until they had planted every last one in staggered rows and covered the area with fresh dirt from the garden store.
"Yeah, angel?"
"Sorry," Dean said sheepishly. "Your boss...expects you to drop dry-cleaning off after hours at her house?" He wrinkled his forehead and cocked an eyebrow judgmentally as he repeated the question.
He watched Castiel take out a large roll of pencils, chalk and charcoal and scatter them on the table, before hopping up and seating himself next to the expansive collection of drawing materials. He patted the table next to him and made eye contact with Dean, indicating that he should join him. Dean obliged, but not before taking off his overcoat and rolling up the sleeves of his own shirt.
“Dean! Cas! Where are you? The lights --” They both looked towards the bunker entrance as Sam poked his head out the door
Dean finally reached for Cas after he was able to regain his composure, pulling him into a soft embrace, relishing in his closeness and his warmth. Cas slipped his head down until he was resting on Dean's chest, listening to his slow, even  breathing as they sat in silence together.
"Well…? You know a guy for one night, and you're in love with him? Let me guess. He made you feel like you saw God?"
"Goodbye, Dean."
“And…?”
Silence.
“I - suppose so. It’s so late...but she usually stays up past midnight working, so OK. Let’s do it.” Cas nodded decisively and finished off the whiskey in his glass before standing up and discarding the empty cup with a determined thud on the table. He looked back over his shoulder and smiled at Dean as he made his way to the door.
"You have. Now get up! I'm making us breakfast." He smiled cheerily and strolled out of the room, hands in his pockets, looking like a giddy child. Cas couldn't help but smile again as he got up and took his coffee with him into the bathroom. He turned on the shower and looked down, realizing he would have to take care of the latest problem Dean had created before he did anything else. He rolled his eyes to himself and affectionately cursed his new fiancé for driving him so crazy all the time. He also wondered where they were going on this surprise excursion today. Suddenly he was just as excited as Dean about the surprise.
"What? I need to hear this!" John laughed along with Dean while Sam told the full story, and by the end of it all three of them were in fits. It felt good to laugh. But the jovial mood wasn’t meant to last.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas made eye contact with his roommate briefly and then wandered absently to the couch. When Dean looked down again, he saw that he had definitely cut himself on the bee mug, and needed to tend to his own wounds next. In an attempt to not get blood on the carpet (Cas would for sure be mad about that), he skirted around the rest of the broken ceramic and crawled on his hands and knees to the bathroom to find disinfectant and Bandaids. He opened the medicine cabinet, prepared for things to fall out, but instead all of his first aid items had been collected neatly in a basket labeled "First Aid Kit."
As he put his letters down, all three of the other occupants in the room watched; it was strange to watch Cas engage in human activities and there was something slightly comical about watching a fallen angel of the Lord playing Scrabble, cross legged on the floor, wearing Dean's clothes. The appreciation for the moment was felt deeply by all.
“No. Just in heaven, still being repaired. He was just ash, Dean. It takes a while to re-build something that’s been burned.” There was an awkward silence for a moment before Cas found the courage to speak again: “How long have I been gone?”
Gabriel cracked up at the thought- he still forgot Dean was gay sometimes because the man spent so much time convincing himself that he wasn't.
“Who is it, Cas?” Dean asked.
"Would you...marry me? The timing...might be off...but I can't wait anymore. I want to spend the rest of my life with you."
"Because...I won't ever produce an heir, Sam. I can't ever be married in a traditional sense. I know that now." He blushed and stared at the floor, silently waiting for a reaction from Sam.
“What, Dean? You don’t have to yell so loud.”
“Fuck me...please,” Cas whispered. He wasn’t even sure that Dean had heard him at first because there was a pause. But finally the bedside drawer opened and heard Dean slide a condom on, followed by the sound of the lube bottle popping open. His heart pounded in his chest. He was so ready for this. He felt himself achingly hard against the mattress, and when Dean pushed one...two...three fingers slowly inside of him, Cas thought he would explode with the desire he felt coursing through him. It physically stung to be explored so intimately for the first time, but he welcomed it. He pushed his hips in to the mattress, groaning at the sensation when he rubbed himself against the sheets in time to Dean's fingers working him open.
"I'm Castiel. Jack's dad."
“He’s...he had to do something. He’s not back yet. I actually came out here to call him.” Dean pointed at the pay phone and moved gingerly around Cas as he picked up the receiver to call Sam. He put the quarters in and listened to the tone on the other end. Sam picked up after the second ring.
"Cas...I need to...think. We've beat fate before, so maybe there's a way out of this. You go and find Dean, ok? He needs you."
"Don't make promises you can't keep."
"What did you say? What did you say about Dean? Dean gave you everything you wanted, dad, he -
“Say it again, Dean.”
“Oh. I’m sorry - do you want to talk about it?” Cas tilted his head, and Dean knew his question was genuine.
"Call Balthazar. Cas. Is Cas OK? Gabriel. Balthazar. Call him, Sammy. Please call him. Cas has to be OK. He has to be OK. I need to be there. I need to be there.”
Dean didn't know what to say, so instead he turned the water off and grabbed the fluffier of the two towels to wrap Cas in. He chuckled at the fact that the towel stopped right at his hips.
“Hi. Can I help you?”
“Yes.” It’s all Dean could manage in response. He wasn’t going to tell Sam about the angels and demons or anything else that happened. It would sound as if he were going mad.
Where nothing seems to turn out right
“Very.”
"I trust all of this for some reason. I think things are really going to change for me this time for the better."
"My intention?"
Oh and you say black and I say white
“You know it,” he yelled back, and wandered over to the dining hutch to bring out a box of cigars that Lisa bought him for their five-year dating anniversary. He had been waiting for a special occasion to smoke them and figured now was as good a time as any.
“I also heard about Eileen and your love letter.” Dean gave him a toothy smile and Sam couldn’t help but roll his eyes.
"Before you and Balth and Gabe came over the other night, I tried doing that because it had been such a bad day and I needed a positive distraction. But I couldn’t think of a damn thing that I was thankful for because my mind was so jumbled up and all I could feel was anger. So I told God I needed an angel instead. That I needed help because I had given up. I just felt like I was a burden on everyone that I cared about. It was scary to feel like maybe I’d hit rock bottom or something."
"Yeah, sure." He figured that today wasn't the day to ask Cas about his drinking habits and wouldn't mind a small drink himself to take the edge off. He was nervous.
“To be home with you,” Cas interrupts and there it is, the hint of a smile on the corner of his lips because Cas
. Tries to push down the worry when he finds him lying on the floor, trying so hard to grasp at the pieces of what’s left of his life not to spiral again.
“Well okay, but you see my point about Cas then.”
So he raises up on his elbow again and kisses him, his tongue swiping on the swell of his bottom lip before licking into his mouth. After a minute he draws back just enough to look at Cas in the eyes.
Dean shrugs, the box of rice hanging stupidly from his hand. “Just… didn’t pick up the right rice.”
Charlie sighs, understanding that the subject is now closed, and says with the most annoyed voice she can find. “Yes sir, I will be your Uber today.”
“My addictions are not your burden. They’re not your cross to bear, and me needing to go to any NA meetings has
Dean sighs, rolling his eyes. “Sam seemed to think we needed to talk.”
“Why are you telling me this?” Dean asks, and he hates the way his voice breaks, hates the way he clings to Cas’ hand as if it holds his entire universe.
“Dean,” Cas says, unable to rip his eyes off the letters he’s just read.
“Whatever, the bottom line is you know,” he argues back.
, sweetheart-”
“The Navy, probably. Dad was a Marine, I feel like he’d be proud of me if I managed to join the Navy. Who knows, maybe I can go the Navy SEAL route.”
They lay here for a long while, as the sun goes down and the dim orange light turns into darkness. It’s 8 pm, and Castiel’s heart is a battlefield. But Dean is not letting go.
Cas smiles, a tear rolling down his cheek. “Yeah.”
“Really? But you hate flying,” he says, his voice hoarse and clearly in disbelief.
“Uh… yeah, it’s a long story. How about we sit for 5 minutes? Would that be okay?”
He gets a hold of his phone suddenly, balances the pros and cons until he decides that
“Talk for yourself here, old man, I’m the youngster,” he says with a shit-eating grin before diving back to sharing open-mouthed, filthy kisses like a teenager.
It’s not until he’s behind the wheel that he lets himself breathe, the cold breeze of the early morning invigorating his lungs.
It ends with a thorough make-out session on the couch and an even more thorough make-out session in bed.
They stay a long time like that, Jimmy’s never letting go of Cas, and Cas quietly crying against him. It’s been at least half an hour when Jimmy realizes Cas has fallen asleep, his cheek stained by tears, the color of his face the same as the hospital sheets.
“Why did you open this letter? Was it addressed to you?”
“Dunno. You still haven’t told Charlie you’re moving back.”
It’s not that bad, but it’s not particularly good either. Cas sports several huge bruises, a notably gigantic one located on his ribs on his left side. Dean grazes it lightly with the pads of his fingers and Cas hisses, visibly in pain. His bottom lip is split, so is his left brow ridge. Dean can’t help but thumb at Cas’ cheekbone, the other man gasping softly as Dean follows the line to his neck and touches the scratches there.
“I can’t believe you’re a Cosmo guy,” Dean says almost playfully as Cas starts preparing their cocktails.
Both his arms have found their way around the former angel’s waist and are now tucked under his shirt — well, really,
Cas seems to notice his discomfort and concentration, eyeing him with a mild curiosity dancing around his irises.
Two months. 61 days. 17 therapy sessions. 34 hours of physical therapy. 27 movies rewatched. Too many sleepless nights. 276 texts exchanged with Cas. One two-page long letter on a desk.
The fact that his hand only meets cold sheets when he extends an arm to reach for Cas on the other side of their bed doesn’t help to calm his nerves down. For a fleeting second his mind comes to a halt, a jolt of fear running all the way through his spine and to the tip of his toes keeping him in high alert, until he remembers- he’s safe. They both are. They’re in Lawrence, not in a barack in Jalalabad.
He starts the coffeemaker and is about to sit on the counter until it’s done when he eyes a piece of paper on the kitchen island with something scribbled on it. He smiles as he reads Benny’s words letting them know that he’s gone for a run and will probably return around 10. Eyeing the clock on the wall of the kitchen tells Cas they’ve got roughly 2 hours before their friend comes back, which gives them plenty of time to do what they want. Cas hums as various ideas cross his mind.
“Dean-”
” is that there isn’t a single day where I didn’t miss you.”
“He’s not going to,” Jimmy says with all the force he’s capable of.
They settle on inviting Balthazar and Alicia (who Dean has yet to meet, but Cas assures him that he’s going to love her), Sam and Jess (Sam has been whining about never having met Balthazar, to which Dean has already warned Cas about the disaster that will inevitably follow), Charlie and a couple of her employees that have become friends of both Cas and Dean over the last couple of weeks. It takes a few texts, an open invitation to some other friends and Cas’ co-workers that may or may not show up and a party set tomorrow night, which consequently happens to be Friday.
“Cas-”
“Castiel.”
Dean scoffs, looking down his feet. “No, no. We’re sharing a place. Things are… I don’t know. We’re… friends, I guess.” He shakes his head in disbelief. “I don’t know.”
, I’ve got you,” Cas whispers.
“You’re beautiful,” he says slowly, enjoying the blush that appears at the praises on Dean’s cheek. “So beautiful for me, baby.”
On the outside, it looks like Cas is fine, but Jimmy knows better. He knows he doesn’t sleep like he pretends to. He can hear the sobs at night when Cas thinks his brother is asleep. And every morning when they meet for breakfast in the kitchen, he can map out the way the bags under his eyes are growing exponentially.
“Hi. What are you doing here?” Dean says, his hair fucked up six ways from Sunday, his eyes glistening slightly in the moonlight.
about it, and I know that going to NA has been important for you so I figured…”
Jimmy bites his tongue. He can’t blurt it out like that when Cas is very obviously at his lowest. It’ll only do more damage.
Dean smiles as he places one last kiss on Cas’ lips.
Balt nods again, a twinkle of interest dancing in the blue of his eyes.
As usual, direct your complaints into my
He doesn’t have to look at the man sitting close to him to know he’s already rolling his eyes. He checks his watch instead, and realizes it’s almost midnight.
“Something you wanna tell me?”
Cas looks down at his feet. They’ve already touched down on the subject of letters that he wasn’t supposed to read when he told her about finding the letters Dean had written for him and reading through them. He knows Missouri is probably about to rip him a new one, rightfully so.
Dean nods, tears shining in the moonlight, as if to say “
“How so?”
it. His brother was his lifeline, and here he was knowing
He can feel the smile on Cas’ lips into their next kiss, the way his hands curl protectively into the bottom of his shirt before he speaks again, his voice a little rough.
When he closes his eyes there’s a tear that rolls on his cheek. Cas reaches for Dean’s face and wipes it with his thumb, causing him to re-open his eyes. They both stare at each other for a second too long before looking away, Cas letting his head find its place of choice back on Dean’s shoulder.
“You know that’s not what I mean.”
So it’s not a surprise when 5 days after they got back from the hospital, he wakes up to Cas trying to slip out of bed at 6 am.
Ray is 37 and he was in the Marines, just like John. And he’s been living with one leg for the past 8 years.
“Hey, slow down.”
There’s something about this time of year that makes the wait at the airport slightly more bearable. Maybe it’s the hazelnut-flavored coffee, or the Christmas lights and decorations that have been set up through the entire terminal.
” or whatever. Gallagher never tries it in front of Jimmy, though. He knows better than to get on James’ bad side, but Cas is softer. Sometimes Jimmy wishes Cas could be more of an asshole like him. It’s easier to get through this shitty life if your soul is less gentle.
Sam rolls his eyes in an exasperated gesture while Dean takes another sip of his coffee, watching as his brother seems to be struggling to find his own words.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Cas says, cutting him short.
“Can I help you?” the nurse at the desk asks.
He lets one of his hands wander under Cas’ shirt, fingertips tracing patterns on the skin of his chest.
“The fact that I love you isn’t up for debate,” Cas starts, lowering his head to catch Dean’s eyes.
“I’m trying to have sex with you!”
He tries not to wince at the loss of contact, tries not to overthink the fact that Cas is already putting distance between them when all he wants is to be wrapped around him all night.
“Cas—” he starts, but Castiel shakes his head, interrupting him.
The truth is, I still don't know how or why you were ever brave enough to love me.
; come hang!
big of a deal, in the end.
Dean just rolls over and tries to get back to sleep. After 10 minutes of tossing, turning, and trying to figure out why the fuck everything hurts so much, he gets a hold of his phone and shoots a few texts to Charlie and Sam.
“I don’t know if that occurred to you, but maybe that’s because I don’t
“I’m sorry, Cas,” he whispers gently. “I forgot. They’ll be gone in 10, I promise.”
“I guess I just don’t know where I fit anymore,” Dean starts, swallowing thickly. “When I’m here I’m fine for a couple of days and then I feel like shit because all I really want to do here is being out in the field with the team, and I can’t do that anymore. But when I’m in Lawrence…”
“Fine, you’re no Speedy Gonzalez anymore. I get it.”
Sam never calls unless there’s something important. It’s a rule they set very early on, because Dean rarely had time to answer. Always in-between missions or plainly unavailable. He can count the number of times Sam called him on one hand: when he got accepted at Stanford, and when Charlie had a car accident and was in the hospital for a week. Also when he graduated, and when he got the job at Lawton and Smith a couple of months back.
When Dean finally lifts his head up to look at him, Bobby’s smiling at him like he understands and Dean softens imperceptibly.
When Benny doesn’t answer and hands him the letter, Dean shakes his head, feeling slightly dizzy. Sick, even.
“Your
“Yes, I am considering it. But at no point does this mean I’m ever going to leave you.”
“Come here. Come here, please babe come
“He almost died,” Dean deadpans.
about what you’ve been through, and you want
Dean nods, content. Exhausted but tremendously happy with a house of their own, happier than he ever thought he’d be again.
Dean just shrugs, the subject rapidly becoming too heavy. Castiel seems to realize because the change of subject is abrupt.
!” Cas interrupts. “I’m not gonna use again!”
Dean’s hands are on the waistband on his boxers then, tugging them down the curve of his ass before he slowly closes his mouth around the head of Cas’ cock, and everything explodes under Cas’ eyelids.
“Yeah? Arthur helping you study?”
It takes a while before Cas speaks again. Dean can hear the edges of his anger woven into his words.
However briefly, you made me believe in something, and I will always love you for that.
, I’m gonna-”
Or maybe she doesn’t care. She has a point. He’s an asshole, he kinda deserves it.
“I don’t know,” Dean says, his voice so low that he has trouble hearing it. “I woke up and he was gone. And I think I knew-”
“Listen I’m just offering, okay? You don’t have to make a decision on the spot. Just… it’s out there if you want to,” Cas explains, looking at Dean as if he wants to commit every single line of his face to memory. “We should probably head back.”
There’s a stunned silence for half a second before Charlie speaks again.
He extends his other arm carefully, and when his hand touches Cas’ cheek, his thumb running tenderly over the line of his jaw, Cas closes his eyes and lets out a breath.
“No I mean… why? Were Jimmy and Dean friends? Was Dean the reason you did drugs? What could possibly be the reason sweet old Jimmy would ever do something like that, especially to
Dean blanks for a second, looking at him like he’s grown a second head. “A… what?”
“Teddy, this is Dean. My um,” Cas stops for half a second, seemingly pondering his words. “My best friend. Jimmy’s too.”
“I’m sorry,” he whispers, brushing the pad of his thumb along the swell of Cas’ bottom lips. “How can I redeem myself to you?”
“Okay. Do you want to tell me why you smell like you drank an entire liquor store?”
“My hip is
He swallows again, the alcohol rendering his mind dizzy, his words slow.
John had left Lawrence when Dean turned 16, fourteen years ago. Both boys had assumed he was dead and by the time Dean had left, nothing had made any of them think that John Winchester could still be alive. But Dean told Cas he was just a few months ago. That he had just bailed on his kids because it was apparently too much for him to handle. He hadn’t said anything else about his dad and the subject had only been partially touched on since then.
He quietly makes his way to him, making sure that he’s welcomed into the space Castiel made for himself before sitting next to him. The ex-angel is still in his pajamas but he’s also wearing a pair of boots that Dean recognizes as his own, and a winter jacket that’s also Dean’s firmly closed around him to keep him warm. He doesn’t flinch when Dean’s hand settles on his knee, and Dean feels relieved when he noticed the peaceful look on Cas’ face.
“But how-”
Dean groans, his hands squeezing a bit tighter at Cas’ hips as he pushes his mouth on Cas’ cock himself, burying his nose into the soft curls at the base. Dean always had a hard time accepting praise before, but he reacts to it beautifully during sex, and Cas has yet to get tired of it. He groans, his head falling back against the shower tile as his thumb caresses Dean’s cheekbone lightly, enjoying the feeling of his own cock going in and out of Dean’s mouth as he lets him take control, taking Cas all the way into his throat like he’s been made for this.
). Once they’re both seated in the Impala, Dean behind the wheel and Cas sitting shotgun beside him telling him about his day,  they head together to the little house Sam and Eileen settled down in, half an hour away from Lawrence, after… Well, after everything.
“I don’t wanna talk about it,” Cas interrupts coldly. “I’m going to bed.”
I think we are all a multitude of people; a story that changes depending on the listener. I have carved my way through so many different versions of myself that I wonder if I’ve taken too much skin, too much bone. Some days it’s all I can do to look in the mirror and remember the man I want to be.
Lying in bed, eyes glued to the ceiling as if it holds the secret to the universe, Castiel doesn’t remember if he’s even managed to fall asleep at some point since he went to bed last night. It’s too easy to lose himself in the vacuum of silence that bathes the whole place into sanctuary. Too easy to forget that there’s still a world out there that awaits him somehow.
Dean slowly turns his head and catches Cas’ lips in a tender kiss.
For those of you who wants a translation of the lyrics I've put at the end of this chapter:
to tell him before he ends up getting crazy over this.
I know I need more than just these words I've swallowed. But I don't know how to feel whole without feeling heavy. I still have no idea what it is I'm trying to find.
In retrospect, Charlie’s silence should’ve been the first sign that all hell was about to break loose, but Jimmy didn’t have time to stop and contemplate it.
“It’s not too bad. I’m going to have to remove those shards with a tweezers first, kay?”
He opens his eyes again then but doesn’t dare to look at Dean. Not now, not yet. Not when the air is so heavy he has trouble breathing.
I’ve been holding onto these little pieces of you for a long time now. Not because I thought you’d ever be coming back, but because I’ve never been able to bear the idea of letting you go all at once.
“Or were you going to leave behind my back, without even telling me about it, just like you did 11 years ago?” he continues, watching as Dean leans against the counter, visibly putting distance between them.
“This was before- before the night on the deck. It arrived at Sam’s place about a week after I had moved in with Charlie but… I didn’t read it until yesterday morning. When Jess called me to tell me you were in the ER, I’d just finished reading it.”
“You go home and you tell him the truth. You apologize for overstepping. You recognize your honest mistakes,” Missouri explains, squeezing Cas’ palms lightly. “And you hear him out. You tell him about being scared of him leaving. And maybe you tell him that you’ll give him space so that he can come to a decision on his own.”
And Cas hates that he still thinks about the way his lips tasted, or how he gripped his arms so tight as he whispered his name against his mouth.
"You're being abnormally dramatic today, honey," Cas mocks, his eyes locking with Dean's, "I'm getting worried."
"It's a taste on your lips
“It’s fine, Cas. Thank you.”
“My boss promoting me to CEO doesn’t involve me running into warzones and possibly dying at any given point,” Sam argues. “But I understand that this is important to you. I don’t want you to think that you only have one choice, I just- I hope that you know we want you here.”
“Sometimes I wake up and it feels like I’m burning up again. Like I’m on fire. Sometimes it’s what triggers my PTSD.”
Dean is looking at him like he’s seeing an angel. Which is stupid, considering the look he must have — dark circles under his eyes, an old shirt that’s probably been through war judging by how low it hangs on his collarbones, his stupid hair spiking in every possible different direction.
“And you… back then I thought you were just trying to break my balls, but you were just so
“You’ve seen that I also wear a bullet case right?” Dean says as he takes the bullet between his fingers and raises it to show Cas, who nods.
When they finally part, Dean feels content to just watch as Cas rummages through the box he wrapped with the camera, containing all the different colorful frames he’s picked for Cas to try.
“I think so.”
“Cas-,” he starts, panic rising through his bones.
“I’m gonna —,” he says as he starts retreating.
Dean keeps going, and he looks so hurt despite everything else that Cas physically aches for him.
“What is it then?! You think I’m not good enough? Is that what you think?”
The dam breaks suddenly, tears start rolling down on his cheeks as Dean sits on the deck, legs hanging from the edge. His sobs echo through the night as the sun dips just below the horizon.
“I dunno, I haven’t seen you in ages.”
And there’s really nothing that Cas would love more than staying. Enjoying the warmth and weight of Dean against him, breathing the scent of him. Forgetting for a minute that everything in his life has been crashing around him for the past three months.
The sound of the door opening up is enough to tear Dean away from his daydreaming. Benny left a while ago to hit the gym, and Dean had been waiting on Cas to come home ever since they made it back from their afternoon with Sam and Charlie.
“No,” Dean scoffs. “He deserves better than a broken-up soldier who can’t figure out what he wants in life. Besides, he dumped me 10 years ago. I don’t see why I’d hope that anything could still happen between us.”
Which he doesn’t, stubbornly keeping his eyes fixed across the street.
“I did a lot of things, but I did
can’t live like that. I can’t wake up every morning wondering which one of us is going to bite the dust first because we keep trying to do stupid things in the name of saving the other. Or who’s not going to make it to bed the following night.”
Sometimes it hits him directly in the chest, the way he loves so wholly. He had been lost for so long, running around broken cities and battlefields not knowing how long he still had, the hole in his heart the only reminder of what they once had. There are days where he still has to pinch himself to remember that it’s real. It’s real, they’re real, they get to have each other. They get to fight for each other. Granted, some days are harder than others; but tonight as he watches Cas, he only feels adoration for the man in front of him.
Somehow, life goes on.
“People lie, Cas.”
“I know.”
He nods as he gets up, and grabs Dean’s hand as they make their way to the living room. It’s only when they're both comfortably sitting facing each other on the couch, the letter resting in-between them on the blue fabric, when Dean starts explaining.
“NA. I needed to go to a meeting, I wasn’t doing so well,” Cas says softly. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you.”
Cas’ heart misses a bit at the admission. Dean’s voice is even, his breath is steady against him. It doesn’t look like he’s doubting anything, but as usual Cas is doubting himself. He’s never been enough for anyone to stay, so why would Dean?
, he’s so close already.
This is stupid. Dean doesn’t owe him anything. He wasn’t even supposed to stay that long in the first place.
This letter was written by Dean between chapter 1 and 2 of Patient Love.
“Can I?” he asks, panting, knowing that Dean knows what he is asking as he looks up at him.
It’s more of a necessity than a sudden need to share it. Cas is followed by a lot of people and had started receiving comments asking who the man in every single one of his Insta stories and several of his posts was. It was really only a matter of time before they figured out Dean’s account and started following him. They decided to post a picture of them both that Cas had taken with his polaroid on New Year’s Eve and turn off their phones right after.
Jimmy might be gone but the day Dean finally chooses Cas over everything else, the rain that’s falling might just be a hint of him sitting in the corner, watching as the two people he loves the most find each other again for eternity.
“I kinda want to go again- you know, fuck you into oblivion and all that shit you kept whispering into my ear earlier.”
Cas smiles against his lips, hooks a leg around his waist. “What are you doing, Officer?”
Dean sighs. “I pushed you to- Jesus Christ.”
He falls asleep with his ear pressed against the phone, lulled to slumber by the sound of Dean’s quiet breathing on the other side. It’s not as perfect as actually falling asleep against Dean’s solid and warm frame in his own bed, but it’s
It rolls in and takes him like a wave crashing on the shore. “You,” he whispers against Dean’s lips. “I want
“Is he going to make it?” Jimmy asks, fearing the answer.
Cas texted him late last night when he came back. But was nowhere to be seen when Dean rose up this morning, and only texted him to say that he’d be ordering pizza for them tonight (to which Dean only agreed because he is entirely too exhausted from both PT sessions to even think about cooking).
• graphic depiction of drug addiction
“She knew,” he says, his voice hoarse.
Someone asked me recently if I would go back if I could. I’ve been thinking about it a lot. Whether I’d give up everything I’ve fought so hard to have now — my career, my team, the little family I have left — for another chance to wake up next to you; to hear the promise of forever on your breath.
He’s barely turned the lights out and crawled into bed when he hears the door creak and Dean making his way inside. He keeps his eyes firmly on his phone as he scrolls through his social media, while Dean seems to be undressing before sliding into their bed.
“Does it hurt?” Cas asks, his eyes connecting with Dean’s but his hand stopping its journey and is just resting on the skin of Dean’s arm.
He lets go of Dean’s cheek and takes his hand again instead, trying so hard to hold onto him until he falls.
Cas takes in the state of his apartment, his eyes somehow locking on one of Dean’s jackets draped over the back of one of the kitchen chairs.
Dean chuckles as he uncaps the bottle and coats his fingers.
“Yeah, I’m fine. Can you tell me where Cas is?"
“I’m serious. I was halfway into a crisis and you managed to calm me down and bring me back to Earth.”
Benny shrugs. “Well, we’ll cross that bridge when and if we get there.”
Dean is looking at him, green eyes pleading, hands slightly shaking as reaches out, suddenly in his space again. One of his hands settles on his shoulder, his thumb drawing circles underneath his collarbone while the other rests on his hips.
“Again, you’re one to talk,” Cas answers, going back to sipping little gulps at his bottle.
Dean squeezes Cas closer, leaning against the kitchen island and threads a hand through the mess of his hair.
But he also doesn’t have the strength to face rejection. Especially not after coming back home with his tail between his legs.
Yet it still takes him by surprise.
“I’m the one who should worry about being sore,” Cas all but whines.
a good old cliffangher?  👀
Not that this was ever your fault. I guess love just has a way of breaking us in ways we never expected, and sometimes we end up becoming people we never thought we’d be.
There’s not enough alcohol in his bloodstream just yet.
Cas brushes a thumb on the patch of skin underneath Dean’s eye, and Dean closes his eyes on impact, reveling in the simple touch, the soft brush of Cas’ other hand under his shirt running along his rib.
They got an Australian Shepherd about 6 months ago, after Dean’s therapist had prescribed him an Emotional Support Animal as a way for him to manage his PTSD and rising level of anxiety better. They took their time finding the dog that would fit with them best and when they met the 3-months old puppy, it was like love at first sight (literally, Cas couldn’t remember the last time he had seen his boyfriend smile that big at something that wasn’t food or someone that wasn’t him).
“Mhm,” Dean nods very eloquently. “What did I ever do to deserve you?”
? Dean, hey,” Jimmy says as he approaches his friend, trying really hard to focus on him rather than the paramedic currently doing CPR on his brother’s chest. “What happened? Tell me what happened.”
“And I figured, “Okay, so he doesn’t want you anymore, it’s fine at least now you know,” but THEN —,”
Dean smirks back and rolls both of them over until he is solidly lying on top of Cas.
, the bastard. But he nods and looks at Cas expectantly.
Something must give it away, judging by the way Cas’ face falls as he looks at him. Jimmy can feel the tremor of his hand inside of his. He adjusts his position on the bed, turning slightly to fully look at him and patting his knee.
“You’re the best,” Dean answers, jumping from the bed where he’s been sorting through stuff they’re getting to Goodwill, and what they’re keeping.
“Real.”
“Because you deserve to know that. You deserve to know that there’s not a week that passed by for the past 10 years where I didn’t think about you.”
Cas loves him so much that sometimes it feels like his heart isn’t big enough to store it all up.
When he doesn’t respond, Dean adds, “What do you need, Cas?”
“Just because you’re here and you’re trying to recover doesn’t mean you’re broken. You’ve been… Essentially, you’ve been ripped away from home and tossed into war for the past 10 years. No one expects you to be a regular-Joe in the span of three months, Dean.”
Castiel raises an eyebrow at him, his face clearly hurt at Dean’s sudden shift in behavior. “Why the fuck would I lie about this?”
Charlie comes up with a plan specifically designed to shake things off. Dean follows because he's a good friend, which results in a surprising turn of events. Cas tries his hardest to stay above water.
is dying and you want to
“It’s not too bad, considering. I’m going to PT about three or four times a week. As for news, well… I’m living with a friend right now and my doctor wants me to wait until she clears me to find an actual job. So not much to do apart from concentrating on therapy.”
“I don’t know, why does it matter?” Cas responds, his lips slipping down Dean’s neck, finding that sweet spot right where Dean’s shoulder meets his throat that tends to make Dean whimpers.
Sometimes the pain is so familiar it feels like an old friend, that gnawing thing I’ve always known. It took me a long time to realize that I didn't recognize love unless it hurt- unless the edges of the word had found a way to open my skin.
Cas laughs as Dean leans in for one more kiss before they finally start actually using the shower for what it is.
“You’re warm,” Cas grumbles, his hand going down Dean’s side in nonsensical patterns. “So
It takes him more time than he would’ve liked to tear them away, and once he does, it feels like he might pass out. Balthazar seems to notice, his arm suddenly curling around his shoulder, forcing Cas to look at him.
The book is in preparation! You can still answer
“Hi, Cas,” the rest of the attendees of the NA meeting respond.
“Here,” Cas says as he hands him a cup of coffee and a box of donuts from Charlie’s. “I picked these up on my morning run. Charlie says hi.”
He’s so lost in his own panic that he doesn’t realize he’s not alone anymore until Dean is pressed flush against his back, his arms quickly wrapping around Cas’ waist and both of his hands finding their way under his t-shirt.
“All I know is if the situation had been reversed and it had been Sammy lying in a hospital bed after he OD'd, there’s not much I wouldn’t have done.”
“Hey buddy,” Dean chuckles as Cas hugs him, the mess of his hair tickling against Dean’s throat before he moves away. “How was the flight?”
He looks perfect. It’s not a surprise, Dean has seen him like this a fair amount of time in the past months, and has seen him naked a couple of times over the past week.
?!” Charlie asks excitedly. “Oh boy, I
He blatantly ignores the little voice in his head telling him that Dean might
But I am trying. Trying to remind myself that love and loss are not always the same thing. That anything deep is more than just a risk of drowning.
Jimmy leans back to look at Dean, and his heart stops at the sight. Until 5 minutes ago he would’ve sworn he had seen every single emotion that Dean was capable of on his face. That was before staring at his best friend and finding the most heartbroken face he had even been faced with.
“Don’t act like Bobby wouldn’t find a way to make it work,” Charlie rolls her eyes at him.
“Dean,” he whispers helplessly, needing to feel him closer. To hold him, to have him.
“I know,” Cas says, smiling into the crook of Dean’s neck where he’s pressed, pulling him impossibly closer as he bathes in his scent one last time. “Don’t go ghosting me, alright? I still want to know how therapy is going and everything.”
So when Dean wanders into the room he and Cas have been sharing since… Well, since whenever they finally got their shit together, he’s actually surprised to find Cas lying in bed wearing Dean’s sweats and one of his old ratty tee-shirts, so concentrated on the book he’s reading that his brows are furrowed.
“Do you pinky promise?” he asks, the corner of his lips turning upwards as blue connects with green.
“No, I didn’t take any meds. It’s not physical. I just… I’m not entirely sure I can get up yet, that’s all.”
The smirk he throws at Cas is enough to make him want to do
The bottle of milk slips on the floor and opens, its content pouring white on the floor.
Cas doesn’t ask real or not real this time.
It’s important to me that you know, nothing that happened between us was your fault. The only thing you were guilty of was trying to love me, even when we both knew how hard that would be. If you took anything from me, it’s because I offered it willingly. Every inch you took was an inch I gave.
But for the first time in a decade, the middle of May doesn’t bring Castiel nearly as much joy as it once did. Now it’s forever going to be attached to the memory of his brother bleeding out on the floor of a stupid convenience store, and Cas feels like he’s just walking into never-ending shades of gray.
“Mhm?”
• breaking sobriety
“Then talk to me when it gets hard. Tell me when you’re down. Just let me in.”
Cas sighs as a matter of form, slumping into the seat. He looks exhausted and Dean can’t really blame him, seeing as he’s been in the ER for the most part of the day.
“I thought I had lost you.”
Who knows, maybe he won’t want to have sex with him after this.
Cas knows pretty much nothing about Dean’s life ever since he left, except for the fact that he joined the Navy. He tries not to feel too curious about it, but also can’t help but poke the bear, so to speak.
But of all the people I’ve been, all the words I’ve held beneath my tongue and claimed as my own, I remember those with you most fondly. You made me feel like the man I found with you was who I was supposed to be, like I could finally stop looking.
Dean croons at the sight and lets his hands go down his chest, his fingers tracing roads of sparkles over Cas’ abdomen and down into his pleasure trail, lips still sealed over his in a bruising kiss.
“Adapt and overcome, yeah. I know,” Dean interrupts with a smile, relaxing on the Impala’s bench. “You tell the boys I miss their ugly faces too alright?”
Cas can feel him melt against him, his weight gradually pushing into him as he let go of the tension running through his entire body. He presses his face against Dean’s nape, his nose breathing the soft scent of him, both of his arms wrapped around Dean’s waist, and braces himself for what’s to come.
Well, well... That sure ought to shake things up, isn't it? ;)
“I’m fine.”
There’s a hand on his shoulder suddenly and Dean’s voice breaks through his haze.
(Begone now)
“I don’t give a shit, you’re not going to the convenience store in the middle of the night!”
“Okay fair enough,” Cas says, raising his hands.
“Long. Boring. I managed to get my 4 hours though,” Cas says as they start crossing through the hall.
“No I mean-,” Cas starts before leaning in for a heated kiss that leaves Dean panting against his lips. “I mean you on your knees and me fucking your mouth in the shower.”
Dean’s hands are still on him, still possessively clutching his hips like he’s afraid of letting go. His lips crash one last time against his mouth, but it’s soft, tentative, tender and Cas’ sighs when Dean’s tongue drags at the swell of his lower lip before retreating.
Apparently that’s sort of a habit when it comes to Dean and him.
“I thought Sammy told you?”
• breaking sobriety
Dean’s cock is leaking with precum on his stomach and he thinks for a wild second that just watching Cas riding his fingers on top of him could be enough to make him come, entirely untouched. But then Cas’ eyes open again to stare right at him, his forehead pressed against his, and yeah, no, he needs to be inside of Cas like, right
“No, let me say this,” Cas interrupts, no real heat behind his words. “I had to get you in that tub not knowing how to take care of you. I had to stitch you back together and I didn’t know- I didn’t know if you were going to make it.”
Cas sniffles and nods, not finding the words to convey what he means, but Dean understands now. He wipes a tear with his thumb underneath Cas’ eye before kissing his lips gently in a simple kiss, hoping that’s enough to at least convey how sorry he feels.
, fuck. Come here.”
He looks around quickly to see if he catches sight of Jess, but all he sees around him are unknown faces. His heart starts beating out of rhythm in his chest.
Dean takes a minute to prepare a cup of Cas’ favorite tea as a way to smooth things out at least a little. Benny’s stare is heavy on his back as he crosses the living room to get into the corridor, and finally when he knocks on the door of Cas’ office where he’s most likely already working.
“Benny, there’s no such thing,” Dean chips in from where he’s sitting on the couch looking at them.
“You know how proud I am of you, right?” he says, his eyes never wavering from Castiel’s. “After all we’ve been through, all we’ve overcome. It would have been so easy to have just… I don’t know. Fuck it up. I know I would’ve, if we hadn’t gotten Cas back.”
“You’re one to talk,” Cas chuckles lightly, finally tearing his eyes away to look at his friend. “Why are you up?”
He’s already retreating when Bobby’s voice comes up sternly. “I asked what happened. Are you really not going to tell me?”
Benny nudges him. “You should tell them.”
He’s getting himself a drink when he senses some movements, and suddenly there’s a warm hand on the small of his back and Dean is right there next to him with a bright smile on his face.
“What did you do?”
“You need to fix it, Jimmy,” she says after a little while. “They deserve it. You need to own up to your mistakes.”
The only thing that kept crossing Castiel’s mind every ten seconds was “God, Jimmy would come back to haunt my ass if I slip up. I don’t want to slip up,
“You’re safe,” he keeps repeating. “I got you. You’re okay.”
“It’s okay,” Dean yawns. “I’m here for you. You know that.”
Cas could cry. Maybe he is. Or maybe it’s the rain that starts falling as he turns around in Dean’s embrace.
Castiel nuzzles against his jaw then, tearing himself away from the sky to hide his face in the crook of his neck, and Dean just holds onto him tighter, pressing him closer.
Christmas is just a few days away when Dean parks the car in the airport’s parking lot before he strides through the arrivals hall to wait for Cas. It’s been a little bit more than 3 months since their goodbyes, and Dean’s heart remains in his throat all that time.
“What’s what?” Dean mutters, apparently too busy lining the curve of Cas’ throat with his lips to pay attention to what Cas is looking at.
It’s more difficult to admit aloud than he’d like to say. Harder to say it to Dean than it’s been to admit himself. But in the end the balm lies in Dean’s eyes as they catch his, Dean’s mouth capturing his in another kiss, Dean’s hands clutching him impossibly closer.
They can deal with it tomorrow. They’ve got time.
For a moment they’re silent, Cas’ eyes following the way his fingers lingers on Dean’s skin, drawing the contour of his anti-possession tattoo distractly.
Dean had started working full-time again in the past three weeks, and as a result came home completely drained. Most of the time he’d pass out on the couch in the middle of the movie they’d be watching, and Cas had to get him to bed before 10 pm. Cas hadn’t act annoyed or anything, but Dean had beaten himself up over it, wanting to take care of Cas better than this.
“Do you not want to?”
He gets his head back up to look at Dean, his elbows parted on each side of Dean’s chest.
He’s on his way back to the condo when he realizes he hasn’t heard from Cas all day, and maybe that’s a bit weird considering it’s bordering 7 pm.
“My ribs are
Cas takes a deep breath. “Do you want to talk about it?”
But I’ve grown to understand that love doesn't have to feel like that.  It doesn't need to be this frightening thing I’ve always convinced myself it is. I've long equated love and loss, but I know that's not healthy. I know there is more to loving something than the space their bones leave behind.
Dean smiles softly at him. “I’ll be right here when you get back. Now go, you’re going to be late.”
Dean might be close but it’s insane how just hearing him like this, undone only by Cas’ words and his voice, is doing things to him that shouldn’t be reachable just via phone and his own hand. He twirls his fingers around his shaft, using the precum that’s been slowly pouring down his length to slick it and accelerates his own thrust into his hand, unable to stop the low grunt that escapes his lips at the sensation.
“For now you need some rest, and some food, and some stupid movie. So we’re going to get out of here and we’re going to order some pizza and watch that dumb movie about the rat that cooks —,”
“Well, what would my beloved felon boyfriend have named him if I hadn’t stepped in, huh?”
It’s sincere. Whatever happens, whatever shit comes their way, there’s one thing Cas knows for sure; Dean is the love of his life. Even when he’s acting like a dick, even when he hurts him. Which isn’t an excuse, but it’s a reality he’s aware of.
This one-shot is titled after lyrics from the song "Miracle" by CHVRCHES [
“Okay. Do you mind explaining yourself or are you just going to sit there and…” she gestures at him. “Wallow?”
Jess looks at him with an eyebrow cocked, seemingly unaware of Dean’s internal turmoil.
“Do you want to get married?”
It shatters whole when Dean starts retreating, and Cas doesn’t control the slight whimper that escapes his lips.
Cas looks taken aback, and it’s quite a sight. His eyes widen slightly and for a second it looks like he might have gotten a handful of grace back because of the way he literally seems to stop breathing and the blue of his eyes almost twinkle with something celestial.
“Oh I’M the asshole here?! I’m sorry for being hurt that you’re tossing me to the side! I spent the whole month with you, I planned everything so that we could spend more time together, I took some leave from work to be with you, and now you’re telling me you’re not going to be back until summer? You couldn’t have told me
“What? Calling you a felon?”
Fortunately for them, the grocery store is barely 10 minutes away and the traffic to Lebanon at this time of day isn’t that bad. Cas finally parks the car in front of the convenient store, shuts down the engine and waits for Dean to meet his eyes.
“Missed you,” Dean breathes against Cas’ neck, tightening his grip around his waist.
Cas smiles, looking at him over Dean’s shoulder with a bit more at ease.
It’s not particularly pleasant.
Dean’s dick honest to God
“I swear I’m not mad!”
Mostly because he wakes up curled around Dean, his head pillowed on his chest, legs tangled and arms wrapped around him like he’s afraid Dean would somehow bolt in his sleep — not that there would be many possibilities, seeing how much they’re both wrapped around each other. And it doesn’t feel surreal, they’re not pressed together by mistake, or because Cas wound up in Dean’s bed after a crisis. They’re here, wrapped around each other in Cas’ bed because they
“Yeah, Dean, why don’t you go and get your boyfriend one of those? Maybe pick up a Sex on the Beach for yourself on the way,” Sam mocks as Dean rolls his eyes at him.
“I didn’t
“It’s not about that,” Jimmy manages to croaks in between his tears. “God, this is so fucking stupid, fuck.”
“Dean? What’s going on?” he asks softly.
The rain keeps falling, unbothered by both lovers falling into each other’s embrace in the morning light.
him roll his eyes.
He’s arranging the last books in the living room bookcase when Cas comes back wearing a pair of sweatpants and an old t-shirt, looking like he’s been through… well, through war.
“What changed, Dean?” he asks again, this time more softly.
Even his voice feels softer, smoother. Cas lets his fingers wander down the nape of his neck, grazes the line of his throat, goes up his jaw to finally cup his cheek tenderly.
Dean’s looking at Cas- the picture of sin personified, with his hair in complete disarray and kiss-swollen lips, and feels pride blooming into his chest at the simple thought that he’s like this because
But that’s who Dean was. That’s who he’s always been. The boy that could make new friends wherever he went. The boy who was so easy to love that he was never alone wherever he went.
“Hey, it even rhymes!” Dean says before yelping once Cas decides to straddle his lap and goes to town on his mouth.
“Is that why you’re apart? You don’t want to be together anymore?” Charlie asks, concern rising in her voice and Dean can’t help the smile that rises to his lips instantly.
It’s the same hand that leads him to open his eyes again, the pain still radiating through him as it slips tenderly through his hair, down the line of his neck, fingers ghosting over his collarbone to finally rest on his heart, warm and heavy. Dean can’t help the smile that appears on his lips as he turns his head slowly to finally stare at the man lying beside him.
. Let me know!!
• alcohol/intoxicated characters
A kiss against the bolt of his jaw.
“Only if I
you moved in and the dull look on your face whenever you rise in the middle of the night just like tonight, that’s because you’re a
“What are you doing here?” Dean asks softly, no heat inside his words.
“Oh does it?” Cas says as he crawls back on top of Dean, both hands splayed on his chest and his legs spread to straddle Dean’s lap. “
Cas nods and Dean smiles at him as he starts putting his stuff back into his kit. The atmosphere is very different from earlier, and Dean realizes with giddiness that he managed to turn the conversation around just enough for Cas to finally let go. He raises to his feet then and eyes Cas carefully.
forgot.
Once his touch becomes more agony than pleasure he lets go of his cock, content in the afterglow of his orgasm, and finishes up his shower quickly before heading to the kitchen for coffee.
It’s safe.
Dean had left immediately after his conversation with Jimmy in the park of the hospital. He had swung by the apartment to pick up his things and left. The last time Jimmy had heard from him was from Bobby Singer, when the older man reached out to know if they had seen him. When Jimmy had to look at his best friend’s uncle in the eyes and tell him that Dean had left to join the Navy, he honest to God felt like he was going to pass out.
Castiel’s gaze softens at that as he rests his hand on Dean’s tight.
He’s such an asshole and now Dean’s probably thinking that he’s not worth the trouble. Dean has been handed his dream job and he doesn’t know what to do, and here he is behaving like the world’s most selfish boyfriend of all time.
“Yeah,” Benny chuckles into his drink. “Next deployment is going to be my last. They’ve been tracking Dean’s recovery and they know he’s doing well, hence why they’ve asked him back.
11. May 7, 2020
“M’not,” Dean protests, but Cas can hear some rustling then and knows Dean’s turning over in what sounds dangerously like him wrapping himself in the covers. “Wish you were here, babe. Sucks without you.”
He knows that story. Cas told him one night when they were lying in bed together, Cas plastered to Dean’s side. Back when Jimmy was still sleeping next door and Dean was still dreaming of owning his garage instead of enlisting.
“What’s going on, sweetheart?” he asks, knowing damn well what’s going on but refusing to take the words away from Cas.
“I got back to his room the other day, after we fought. Found this in a box next to his bed. I didn’t even know he had kept it.”
a mark or indentation (as on furniture) resulting from damage or wear
“But now we’re together and we have a life, and I just- I kept saying yes to those simple hunts because it’s what I’ve done my whole life, but I don’t have to anymore.
”. Right now all he can think about is “
“Love you too. I’ll text you a pic when it’s done.”
“Go away,” Cas’ voice comes through the door. “I’ve got work to do.”
Please forgive me.
“God, no. I don’t think I’ve ever met someone straighter than this dude, but even if he wasn’t… dating a coworker is strictly forbidden, you can lose your career over it. No, he was a friend, a roommate, a teammate, and a brother.”
Cas smiles. For the first time in a long while, he feels light. The weight on his shoulders that’s been here forever is still here, but he’s not the only one carrying it anymore. He fishes a hand into his pocket and brings out the old polaroid, holding it out for Dean to see. He can feel the curve of Dean’s smile where his mouth is pressed against the line of his hair, and he smiles despite himself.
“Take it off,” he whispers, retaining a whimper when Dean captures his lower lip between his teeth playfully, green eyes almost entirely blown out by lust. “Off, Dean.”
The last thing Cas wants is to elaborate on the “Dean situation”, especially tonight. He’s exhausted from his run, from breaking down at Jimmy’s grave for more than an hour. But Dean didn’t make it easier by essentially jumping on him the minute he crossed the door.
He has no desire to fuck this up. Cas is as exhausted as he is, working his ass off all day. The last thing they need is to argue about the different types of rice and Dean blaming Cas for his non-existent grocery shopping skills.
“Looking good, angel,” he mumbles, his eyes closing with a smile as Cas’ hand finds his way to his jaw and cup his cheek, the pad of his thumb running on the apple.
He might have to revise his judgment about this guy.
Cas nods, his hand slightly squeezing Dean’s arm before he lets go and turns around to go through security.
adorably.
, if you want to listen to it!
“You alright?” Dean asks after a while, his breath warm over the skin of Cas’ neck where he’s been pressed for the past 5 minutes, his chest flush against Cas’ naked back. “You’ve been hiding in here all night, I didn’t want to bother you. But you know you can talk to me, right?”
“I’m not saying you need to do anything. I was merely asking how it felt to see him there.”
“You look like you’ve been through hell,” Missouri smiles as she sits down in her chair facing him, her notebook on her lap. “You sounded really worked up over the phone this morning. Do you want to walk me through what happened?”
true, Dean. And I’m so fucking sorry if I ever made you think that this was the case, or if anyone else put that into your brain. You have never been too hard to love, or too complicated for me. I need you to hear it. Okay?”
doing good.”
me. And all I could see was the way heroin would at least let me escape for a little while and forget that you were never going to be there anymore. And I only managed to get back on my feet because I kept telling myself that you didn’t walk out so that I could keep on doing the same shit. That if I had to lose you for this, I sure as hell wasn’t gonna let it be for nothing.”
”) before he’s out of the door and into the night, already sorting through all the places he knows Cas likes to go to, before he zooms in on a silhouette sitting on the bench facing the Kansas river on the other side of the condo’s road.
“Yeah, I loved him,” he continues, sounding like he’s 5 seconds away from breaking down. “God, I’ll love him for the rest of my life, and it feels wrong that he’s not going to be here anymore, but he doesn’t hold my fucking sobriety badge.”
you’re just playing me. You’re not real, you’re not
that,” Balthazar laughs, and Castiel might be slightly pissed off but he knows that his friend is just trying to lighten the moods. “Okay, so that’s very sweet and all, but when did it start going wrong?”
“I spent my whole life feeling like I wasn’t meant to be on this Earth. Like I didn’t
“Have you thought about seeing someone?” he asks carefully, following the bottle traveling to Cas’ mouth.
• Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) crisis
He doesn’t register right away when Castiel leans closer and wipes something from the corner of his mouth with his thumb, a smile tugging at the corner of his lips as he holds onto his knee for balance with his other hand. It’s soft, familiar, and Dean longs for it so much that his heart almost gives out at the touch.
“Then what are you saying,
“You’d have to move back to Virginia. And you’d be gone a lot again,” Charlie starts, her voice thin. “What is it you two used to tell me? Ten months out of twelve?”
Jimmy doesn’t ask anything out of Dean. He doesn’t tell him Cas relapsed. He listens to him babble about Virginia and how cool Green Team is as they have their monthly phone call a couple of weeks after instead. He listens to Dean excitedly telling him that he’s gearing up to his first deployment as a Navy SEAL, ignoring the way his stomach curls and the urge he has to scream.
Dean's ears perk up on having heard the faint sound of Castiel's deep, smooth voice, and his eyes flitter across the gaps in the door.
Rowena sighs, and at once, leans back in her chair, donning her usual composure of grace and elegance, before sighing deeply.
Silence.
With time to spare and nothing to wonder about, distant memories flow through his mind.
"I like the silence," Blue says then.
Dean nods to himself.
"So," Dean begins, pointedly digressing from their conversation, "
"Is this about the war, Green?"
"What makes you think George Clooney would shoot the next Ocean's movie in our one-room apartments in New York City?"
Somehow, the demon had caught Castiel's attention. Would he... Would he keep up his end of the bargain? Would he really answer Castiel's questions? No, it couldn't be. Surely, this was a trap. Dean wanted him to fall into it. And Castiel wasn't going to.
The filthy promises, paired with the feeling of comfort and arousal engulfing Castiel had him turning over onto his stomach. He quickly spread his legs apart, putting his pink little hole on display, and heard Dean gasp behind him.
"I said what I had to."
"It was ethereal."
"I have good news. And a little bit of bad news."
"Good boy, my good, good boy, your hole is mine, only mine, no one else gets to fuck it."
Watch as Castiel's eyes shut and his chest slows down, breath finally steadying, heartbeat loud and thumping inside his chest, swollen lips parted absently, and his usually crisp hair now messy and ruffled.
At last, Castiel dives in and Dean meets him in the middle for a soft, lingering kiss— their first kiss— and what they lack in skill they make up for in passion, lips gliding against each other, sucking and nibbling, moist lips swelling up as their eyes flutter shut, their lips meld together and their bodies connect— over and over again— with deep, fast thrusts.
"No, you promised to get me
"I'd say we're on the same page, buddy."
Without the obstruction of a wall muffling his voice, Castiel's voice is clearer, much deeper, and it reminds Dean of a glass of neat whiskey.
"Hmm."
It's true. He hasn't had a single partner in over two years. As sad as that sounds, Castiel doesn't quite feel much about it. He likes the way he lives. He has a steady job as a night shift nurse at the New York Presbyterian Hospital, a part time job as a music instructor, a cosy, warm place to live in, shelves filled with unread books, and a good music system. What else does he need in life?
"Maybe once we find our bedroom."
"Sure, you weren't. Anyways, food's here. Cas, I swear, this is good shit, okay? Like seriously, you're gonna’ love me after the first bite." Dean pushes Castiel's plate full of onion rings and a hamburger towards him, before grabbing his own plate.
It's more of a statement, rather a question, when Dean says it the way he does.
"May I ask you something?"
"How 'bout this, you and I, let's get dressed, and then we'll head down to the city for some grub? Yeah? Like a little date?"
"Do you know why I'm here?" she asks, and cups Castiel's sullen face in her hands. Castiel shakes his head, reminding Dean of a young, naive child, and his heart aches to see his love so battered and agonised.
"Shut up." Castiel rolls his eyes, a smile growing across his lips. In moments like these, he's glad Dean can't see him.
"Nah, but you don't really need expertise to know when the note's wrong, now, do ya’?"
"I must speak to his highness."
The pitch is fine
"Hey Cas."
"Ah, right."
"Yeah, erm, you must be Castiel? I've heard so much about you from Ms. Mosely." She chuckled, and even her breath smelt of strawberries.
"Alright then, uhm," A name, he needs a name for his neighbour— but not his real name, no, a pet name, something that distinguishes him from the others.  “Well, what's your best feature?"
"Aww, how cute. If I had a heart, I would be so touched. Too bad I don't." The Empty smiles, and Dean hates the way the smile curls on it's face, on Castiel's face.
"I don't want to go back," Dean croaks out, and God, his voice is so wet, so heavy, it twists a knife in Castiel's guts, and he swallows thick.
"Sure," Dean says, "
A tear rolls down Dean's face. Jesus, when did he start crying so much? Must be the fifteen years he didn't allow himself to. Besides, something about the man behind him tells Dean he's not being judged, as if the man might even understand what Dean is saying,
He shifts his weight onto his other leg, rubbing a hand at his neck.
Nor had she been the one to watch as Castiel walked towards Lucifer, an angel blade in his hand, practically throwing himself at his death, only to watch as Lucifer impaled him through the chest the moment he came back to Dean. She had never been the one to wrap Castiel’s body and burn it on a pyre.
"Kids shouldn't cuss. It doesn't suit them."
"Yeah, it's me."
Dean feels a wet laugh bubbling out of him, as he buries himself in the warmth of Castiel's body, before pulling away briefly, and before he can succumb to his doubts, he presses his lips to Castiel's, who gives in at once, kissing back with just as much tenderness.
With a sigh, Castiel lets the violin down.  "Oh, shut up." He rolls his eyes, and turns to Jack, whose eyes glint with humour. A grin, barely there, makes its way across Jack’s face.
Deanna pulled her fingers out, sucking on them to drink in the taste of Cas's sweet, vanilla slick, and she hummed around her fingers, falling back on her haunches as Cas mumbled something inaudible, and at last, her eyes fluttered open to settle on Deanna. Deanna smiled, and surged forward to pull Cas into a crushing kiss, laving her tongue around Cas's to feed her a taste of herself, before pulling away with a playful grin, and falling back on the bed next to Cas.
"No, it's biblical," Castiel chuckled.
"No, but what does that have to do with my own choice to move into the house or not?"
A beat passes between them.
Something about how casual Dean is with him unfurls something warm within Castiel's chest, and he feels a giddy smile make its way to his lips as he crosses his arms over his chest. And then, again comes, the lingering feeling of the impermanence of the moment. How their time together will crumble down to nothing but a mere memory in both of their minds. And all Castiel will be left with is the ache of his heart, the longing he won't be able to suppress. Of course, he knows he can simply dial Dean's number when he wants to talk to him, but it won't be the same. And now that Castiel has had a taste of how his life could be with Dean, he doesn't want to give it up.
Dean lets out a soft breath, and turns around. Sitting on nothing, is Meg, in the flesh, with blonde, wavy hair framing her round face. And yet, something about her feels different.
The coffee machine beeps, the steam rising up hot and thick, the aroma of rich coffee beans floating in the air while Castiel grabs the kettle and pours himself a mugful. The liquid, smooth and dark, sloshes into the mug, the only sound in the room that of the kettle clicking, and Castiel sets it aside, grabbing his mug instead and bringing it up to his lips to take a sip. The burn sliding down his throat is bitter, but quite welcome.
"I can't leave the house empty." Castiel pulled the door open, allowing Dean and Lisa to step in and shelter themselves from the cold.
"It's a, sorry, it's a thing my neighbour and I have going on. He's a really nice man."
Dean will smile, as he always does at the sight of Castiel, and lets Miracle on the ground. The dog (biased towards Castiel, Dean believes) jumps into Castiel's arms without a single ounce of hesitation, awoo-ing, purring, licking his face, wagging his tail, smothering Castiel with affection. Dean watches them as the door shuts behind him, how Castiel laughs, the beautiful sound etching itself into his mind over and over again, the sight of Castiel brushing Miracle's light fur before setting him down for a belly rub. Castiel, in nothing but Dean's t-shirt, Dean's boxers and a messy, bedhead, with warmth and affection spilling from each inch of his being.
"Do you really want to go?"
At that point, however, he had no mind to resist.
In the distance, he can spot the faint illumination of the golden rift hovering in the air. Relief floods his veins.
"Dean, keep moving," he groans, and a moment later, Dean is pulling back out, only to the tip, before thrusting in again, starting a pattern of slow, moderated thrusts, and Castiel falls back against the pillows on the headboard, feeling himself rock with Dean as both men sway on the bed, up and down with each thrust, in and out.
"Hold your hand out behind you, and once you feel the angel, you mustn't turn back. If you do, you know the consequences."
"T—tongue. Your t-tongue."
"How'd you afford it?" Dean asked sharply, and Castiel winced. Lisa squeezed Dean's shoulder, whispering and urging him to
A pause, and Castiel wonders if the man has moved away already. When he is still surrounded by silence ten minutes later, he gives up, walking into the kitchen to grab his cell phone.
"I love you. So, so much."
It sounds surreal. He can't leave. Not so out of the blue. Sure, yeah, Sam is right, Dean doesn't have a job— but it's for a reason. He wanted to take a few months off before returning to civilian life. And what does Sam care if he's dating anyone or not? Does he really think anybody would want to date someone with a face like Dean's?
Castiel glanced up at Dean and their eyes met, causing a wide smile to light up on Castiel's face.
"Ah, right. Led Zeppelin, I've heard a few songs myself."
Castiel grunted but turned his head around as best as he could to stare at Dean, and their eyes finally met. Dean hoped to see at least an ounce of regret in Castiel's eyes, however, all he was met with was affection.
Dean envies the apartment. How it can detach itself from a person so easily. What once was Dean's sanctuary is now nothing but the bare confines of four walls and floor.
With a shaky breath, Castiel reads the first verse.
Dean hung his face, eyebrows knit and lips curled in a frown as he studied Castiel, but a moment later, Lisa squeezed Dean's hand, and whispered something into his ear, to which Castiel promptly looked away, and Dean lit up. He reached around for something, before handing it over to Castiel. It was a gift. A small, wrapped box with a bow on the top.
"It will be lonely, won't it?" Dean asks.
Castiel decided to sleep. To fall into a dream where he could have Dean, to lose himself to slumber.
There it is, that childish pout on Castiel’s face as he leans back against the counter across from Dean, his eyes roaming anywhere but to Dean.
"Bye—" A name. He doesn't have a name.
"I remember reading these a few years ago,” Green says. “They're magic, you know that?"
, I love your fingers Dean," Castiel croaks out, and Dean hums, pressing his face into Castiel's stomach, as he continues to pump his fingers alongside Castiel's. A few frantic pumps later, Castiel is pushing Dean's fingers away, eyes narrow with exhaustion as he searches for the bottle of lube and pours some down onto Dean's erect cock, slicking it up with a few strokes, before lifting his hips up and scooting forward. Dean's hands settle at his hips, giving them a soft squeeze before burying his face into the crook of Castiel's neck, kissing up his neck, staining his skin with tears, and Castiel refrains from commenting on it.
"I love you," Dean breathes out. Castiel's eyes find his, and Dean compels him to hold their gaze, "-I'm so proud of you, Cas. And I love you so much. And I should have told you but—"
Castiel squeezed the bee locket in his hands, before shutting his eyes, and holding it against his chest. Perhaps this would be the last thing he'd ever receive from Dean. After all, he had Lisa now. Lisa, who deserved to be showered with love and affection.
? That wasn't–
But a few minutes in, Castiel was
— tell me I was wrong, because I really want to make this right, but I want this to be fair. All these years... and you never said a thing— and that wasn't fair. I need to do this right, so please, please just do whatever you want, shout at me, or punch me, kick me in the gut, call me a jerk, I don't care, but something—"
Castiel chuckles, the sound floating in the air between them.  "Looking out for me?" he asks.
“I was going to tell you eventually
"Like I said, nobody knows, but there's rumours. Bunch of em', about—"
Dean's eyes are fixed right onto him.
"Explain your arrival. At this hour, when I should be dozing in my silk bed, here I am, speaking to you, who reeks of dirt and leather and somehow, blood."
A pause, before the man speaks up. "Will you knock?"
"Do what?"
"Boring." Jack blows a raspberry, slumping down on the sofa as Castiel heads into the kitchen to grab a glass of water for him.
"How far do you wanna' go?" Dean asked, his voice still breathy and husky, causing Castiel's cock to twitch once again.
a passionate man himself, one thing Castiel has learnt in these past months. Whether it's over Jimmy Page's guitar solo, or just Castiel's leftover lasagna. And the few kisses they've shared since the night before is
"Do you have to go?" Castiel asks, voice dropping with desperation.
A shiver ran down Castiel's spine, and although the look on Dean's face was quite promising, he doubted Dean would ever go through with something against Castiel's consent.
"Is that so?" Dean teases, poking a finger to Castiel's side, watching as Castiel recoils with a wide-eyed glare.
"The blood on your shirt. Not yours, is it?"
how huge Dean was right through his jeans, and having that
When silence follows his question, Castiel huffs a loud sigh, eyes watering once again, as he bangs on the wall.
"No, I mean, something exciting. Like what if... What if George Clooney said the next Ocean's movie is being shot here? How am I supposed to tell you?"
"Thank you, Lisa. I’ll be in touch."
Soon he felt a presence behind him, and he moved away from Dean gently to turn around. Jack stood there, patiently waiting for Cas to notice him in the starry silence. Cas knew that Jack was visible only to him, and so he stood still, acknowledging Jack by making eye contact and nodding softly.
, he thought.
“My father was John Winchester.” Dean said this stubbornly. He couldn’t believe what he was being told.
Ben woke up at 6am. Which was way too early for Dean's taste on a Saturday, but he rolled out of bed to have secret cereal with Ben again and take him to the park down the street before Lisa got back.
“So the flower idea worked?” He guessed, leaning his elbows on the countertop and folding his hands under his chin, giving Dean a cheesy grin.
“Cas? I want you to see what I see.” He spoke softly into her mouth and brought her hands up to his temples. “Read my mind - please.” He brushed his thumbs under her eyes, clearing away the tears that fell as she entered into the reflective pool of his mind to see what he wanted her to see...
There was also the complex matter of the way Dean had felt when Cas had fallen asleep on his shoulder last week while they were watching Lord of the Rings. Instead of moving away, he hadn’t been able to stop himself from bringing an arm around his friend’s shoulders and pulling him in, and he might have even kissed the top of his head.
“That’s… nice,” Cas says after a while, a ghost of a smile on his lips.
Dean genuinely feels like the world stops turning at that specific moment, tension rising in his stomach.
Talk about boyfriend of the year.
Dean looks at Bobby with complete and unadorned sincerity. It’s perhaps one of the first times that he isn’t presenting a front, or putting some defense up. It’s raw and terrible and it’s been simmering within him for two complete days, ever since he watched as Cas went through security at the airport, and it’s so huge to voice out aloud.
Benny and Andrea finally move in right after they’ve moved into their new house. The move goes great, and it takes barely one night for Andrea and Benny to fit into their group of friends, which surprises absolutely no one. They have movie nights almost weekly, and go on double dates a couple of times a month. Cas and Andrea are like a piece of the same puzzle and them getting along like a house on fire seem to make Dean incredibly happy.
“I’m okay,” Cas interrupts, eyes snapping open again- icy blues meeting his in the soft light of the living room around them. “But I think-”
She covers his hand with her tiny one and locks eyes with him.
on very various subject ranging from what pet names Dean and Cas would use to what they would name their pets, for your constant love and support. You fuckers are insane, I love you to the moon and back.
Dean lets out a hilarious huff, because everything about Cas using that phrase is hilarious at best, but Cas actually using this without even batting an eye is peak comedy.
Dean knows he doesn’t stand a chance lying to Benny. He most likely will know right away that Dean is not telling him the truth, and then will proceed to roast him for the rest of the day. Dean’s been there and done that a countless amount of time already. So instead he just comes clean on the spot, heart crumpling on itself inside his chest.
he asks himself.
. Because I always knew, but I didn’t
I don’t regret leaving, or enlisting. I’ve learned more here as the days pass by than I did in Lawrence for the past two decades. It doesn’t mean I don’t ache for home. It doesn’t mean I don’t ache for you.
Even now, I still find myself thinking about you. About where you might be or whose name you're holding behind your teeth. But mostly, I wonder about whether you still think of me. How you remember the man I used to be. I hope you've found a way to remember me softly, and my name is more than just a metaphor for almost.
I've been thinking about possibly releasing this story in book form once I'm done with it, would that be something some of you would be interested in? Is this a thing people like to get if they really loved a fanfic? I’m thinking I’d just ask for postage to be covered and send the book for free as a thank you, but I kinda want to poke the bear to see if people would actually be
was the reason Dean left. Jimmy was the reason I thought Dean had left without even so much of a goodbye.”
“I love you too. Sleep, multi-felony idiot.”
“What? I’m just
You convinced me that love didn't have to be the monster I thought it was. That you can love something without waiting for the space their bones will leave behind them. And then you left me to watch as everything around me fell, the way we promised each other it wouldn't.
“Shower.”
He expected anger. Maybe even more rage. Rage is good, rage is a catalyst. Maybe with rage Cas would be able to move on.
“Please Cas, please stay with me,” Dean says again, almost pleading, green eyes opening up again to search for Cas in the dark.
— Dean
In the end, it all comes down to this: I thought I’d have more time to love you.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Dean says as he feels his heart sink.
Cas hasn’t even been on his morning run yet, and Dean looks like he’s been through hell and back.
Dean rolls his eyes at that, because sure, he knows. But he can’t help the smile that ghosts on his lips watching Castiel frowning at him while they wait for the tattoo artist to come back with the stencil.
“Not much,” Dean says, his eyes down his plate, all appetite gone. “He instantly got convinced that I was going to lie to him and leave without saying anything.”
doctor and
It’s then than Dean will wake up and lull him back to sleep, both of his arms steady around him, bringing him closer as he whispers, sweet against Cas’ ear.
He stops for a second, catching his breath. 6 years and the memory of losing Ian is still as painful as the day he died.
Cas can’t help but let a noise of content escape his throat as he kisses back softly, his hands settling on Dean’s chest, his fingers curling into the hem of his shirt. It’s chast, soft, tentative even. It holds a weight that words won’t convey. Dean hums as they part, his hands hovering on Cas’ jaw before he lets go. There’s a lopsided smile on Cas’ lips and something like content settling across his chest.
He tumbles into sleep then, content and wrapped up into Dean’s arms.
a good omen.
“I’m okay,” Cas murmurs softly into his hair, his other hand still resting on Dean’s cheek and slowly grazing the line of his jaw. “I’m here. It’s alright, you can let go. I’ve got you, Dean.”
“Come here,” Cas urges, not moving from the spot Dean has just laid him down on and opening his arms for him.
For the first time in a long time, on the first day of the year, things are good. Things are
Benny must catch his gaze because when he talks Cas can hear the smile on the edges of his words.
“Dean Winchester,” Cas smiles softly at him as both of his arms swipe around hips tenderly and both hands find their place on the small of his back, bringing him closer, “are you getting anxious over a few kids running around?”
Cas, who left this bed that’s now feeling cold and empty, but his scent somehow still lingering on Dean’s pillow.
Dean is home in Castiel’s arms, as they slowly sink back into sleep wrapped around each other.
Dean immediately rises up from where he’s been cuddled up on his bed with a book for the past hour, his heartbeat instantly picking up.
Dean hasn’t slept in 24 hours, but the exhaustion tends to numb the pain anyway, so he rolls with it. He tries not to think back to the last time he was here two months ago, his fight with Cas and him driving back home heartbroken, sobbing like a teenager in the driver’s seat.
The next time they all get a drink at a bar together,
“You do intend on talking about it with him though?”
, especially when it's about the fanfics I'm posting 😬
But Jimmy figures tonight doesn’t bear the feeling of accomplishment as he walks into their apartment and finds Cas sitting on the deck, beer bottle in hand and eyes lost in the distance.
IED — Improvised Explosive Device
“Again, is there something I should know?”
“I think Jess might have overreacted a bit,” Cas says as Dean starts inspecting the scraps and bruises littered on his body.
Dean ponders for a second, and then lets go of his fear.
That this isn’t real.
“Well I remembered when I went to therapy, then proceeded to forget all about it. Then also forgot about the pizza-”
They’re allowed that, now. They’re allowed love and sex and all the in-betweens, and Dean
“The hell are you talking about, man?” Dean laughs, not even able to resist stealing another kiss.
The whole thing is kind of blurry into his mind, tainted with the faint taste of blood in his mouth and adrenaline in his veins. The dull sound of the rain on the roof lulls him into a false sense of ease that disappears quickly when he tries to rise on his elbows and a sharp pain thrills through his back, running through every single one of his nerves all the way onto the tip of his toes. His back hits the mattress, Dean slightly dizzy and barely able to blink back at the ceiling as the events from yesterday quickly come back to him in several flashes.
“You don’t want that. You can’t. I’m just the shell of someone you once knew.”
He tries to ignore the subtle tremor of his hand after 20 minutes, but Bobby notices. He doesn’t say anything but Dean knows that it’s gonna take a little more than one visit to the range and 3 therapy sessions to get him through his trauma.
Dean lets out a sigh, his warm breath tickling the skin on Castiel’s forehead while his arms close around Cas.
“Sure am,” Dean answers, wiggling his eyebrows.
"No," Dean answers breathlessly, desperately chasing the friction of Cas' hand over his already stiffening cock, "please, babe, don't leave."
“Jeez, thanks for the vote of confidence,” Dean rolls his eyes affectionately.
“I don’t think the issue here is about you reacting this way. I’m pretty sure Dean understands where it’s coming from. And I haven’t met him yet, but I know he’s a clever guy. I know he’s been willing to put in the work to make this relationship work.”
But present-Dean-Winchester think it’s quite okay, actually.
“No, no. I’m just…” Dean huffs, looking down on their bed. “I’m just being stupid.”
Castiel feels like every single one of his bones has been breaking ever since. His soul felt hollow before, but now it feels like it’s been shredded to pieces and put back together all sorts of wrong.
There’s something peaceful about waking up next to a sleeping Dean. In fact Castiel is almost sure he hasn’t slept this well in… well, a decade.
Benny and his ability to see right through him.
He stares in disbelief across the room for half a second before the sparks alight again, and then it’s out of control.
“Cas,” Dean tries again, his voice softer at the sight of the tear rolling down Cas’ cheek. “Benny told me at 2 AM on the deck last night. I wasn’t planning on hiding this from you.”
s” already taped and ready to go, and others still open and ready to be organized.
What else could go dramatically wrong at this point? He’s already lost his job, his friends, his dreams. Managed to lose Cas a second time because he’s the most idiotic human being on Earth. What could possibly top it all?
It’s been a long time coming. Dean suggested it first one night in the dark in all their post-coital glory, as Cas’ fingers traced the contours of the outline on his hips. Cas had refused first, arguing that it didn’t make sense for him to get it after all this time. But pinky promises had been their thing all that time ago, and that tattoo was everything to Dean the whole time they weren’t together.
Right?
give them some exclusive bits because it's like the VIP club of Patient Love pain after all ❤️)
“What? It’s 3 AM, he’s probably asleep-”
“What, are you allergic to making phone calls now?” Benny answers right away. “And it’s Benny for the ladies like you, dumbass.”
Cas smiles as he dives down to kiss Dean slowly, and Dean wraps his arms around his neck, keeping him here for a while.
People always tell me that healing is a matter of time more than it is anything else, but I’m not convinced it’s true. I still can’t find anything other than monsters in my memories; still can’t hold anything other than my own skin in the darkness. I don’t think I understood that healing was such a fragile thing until I tried to hold it.
When he opens the door, he’s surprised to see only three cardboard boxes at Dean’s feet. The man himself is just holding a dark green duffle bag on his shoulder. He once again looks dashing, wearing a pair of dark jeans and a dark olive henley that does nothing to tone down the green of his eyes, paired with a black denim jacket Cas is sure he’s seen him wear a decade ago already.
where Cas was to be here so fast.
“What? No! No, everything’s perfect.”
It lasts until Dean goes for a shower and they’re left to clean up the kitchen. Charlie slaps his shoulder playfully.
He sees it in the crinkles around his eyes, in the way the corner of his mouth lifts up in a smug smile, in the piercing cobalt blue of his gaze when they meet his eyes.
Dean seems even more mortified at that.
“It’s not the place that’s important. It’s the people that were here,” Cas explains. “It’s the life we’ve lived within this space. It’s Jimmy’s residency driving him so insane that he’d make pancakes at 3 AM when coming back home. It’s me fighting my addictions for the past 9 years. It’s you all those years back, walking in here and settling down with me for the first time. And it’s you coming back to me a little over a year and a half ago. It’s us deciding to be together again. It’s Holli and Leia joining us.”
“He loves you”, he keeps repeating. “He loves you, and you need to start understanding what that means. You need to get your shit together
And he’s never going to leave him behind again.
He sighs into the kiss and Dean swallows it down, and Cas can feel the curve of a smile on his lips as he grabs at Dean’s hips and pulls him closer.
Dean waits a minute before answering, brushing a kiss against Cas’ forehead.
He concentrates on the faint smell of alcohol on Cas’ breath instead, because truly- what the fuck?
“Everything,” Cas smiles painfully.
“Where it’s pointed, yeah. That a whole lot of shit, you know that?”
(See the end of the chapter for
And again, it’s not a lie. He can’t fathom a life where Dean isn’t. Not in any multiverse.
Bobby rolls his eyes at the old Navy motto. “Text me when you get home, ok big guy?”
He bites the bullet on a Sunday morning as Charlie is out to get them a proper breakfast. It snowed during the night and the outside is covered in a white coat, a reminder that Christmas is just a few weeks away. It fills Dean with nostalgia and he briefly wonders what Christmas is gonna be like for Cas. He wonders if he’s good enough to suggest spending the day together.
“How did Dean react?” Missouri asks, Cas’ eyes rising up to look at her.
“For what it's worth, I think you should decline.”
“It’s 3am on a Wednesday night, I think I’m entitled.”
“Oh great, we’re doing that again? Fucking splendid,” he says sarcastically. “Are you really going to blame me for your brother’s addiction? I thought we were past that.”
“No.”
Recon op — reconnaissance mission
Dean waves back and watches as his friend goes through the gate and until he’s only one last dot before turning around to leave.
. It isn’t my life anymore.”
Dean says, bending over to drop a soft kiss at the nape of Cas’ neck, letting his lips trail down until they meet his shoulder,
“I’ve never seen you like this in the 10 years you’ve spent at Little Creek,” Benny finally says, his eyes locking in with Dean’s.
“I’m sorry,” Dean whispers as Cas presses against him helplessly, fear running through his veins. “I’m here, I promise.”
Castiel doesn’t have to specify, Jimmy knows he’s talking about Dean. Just like he knows Dean is the reason Cas doesn’t let anyone get close to him anymore. It’s been two years and the only friend he’s made since then is Balthazar. Jimmy likes Balthazar, but Balthazar is very obviously straight, therefore not a “threat” as Cas keeps calling it.
"So you listened to that?"
He leaned over the vanity countertop for a moment, collecting himself. He was aware that he couldn't leave the bathroom in his current state...not with pants on that were already tight. He glanced up into the mirror and noticed a rare, happy flush in his face.
“Cas? Are you ok? What…?” In the moment his satisfaction was replaced with concern. He crawled up to sit beside Cas's head, cradling him in his lap and brushing his hair back from his face, unable to take his gaze away from
, he thought, and fought off the sleep that threatened to consume him. A fall off of his horse would be unbearably painful, and he was unsure whether he would be able to get back up if he fell. He proceeded to remove his riding coat, tying it around himself and fastening it to the front of his saddle by two loose straps used to secure supplies, and then winding the reins tightly around his hands.
"Cas?"
Cas sat on the edge of his bed, glancing at the fortune cookie in his hand and then out the window into the backyard, where Dean was mowing the lawn. He felt a pang of sadness at the thought that they would be leaving this place in a few days forever. It had really become their place - the place where this whole relationship really started. He wasn't sure how he felt about going back to the bunker now, where there had always been so much tension and anger between them. This new place was their happy place. Something that belonged to just them and no one else.
"For a long time, Cas."
"Are you ready, angel?" Dean heard himself say suddenly. Cas had moved his hands down and tangled them in Dean's hair, tugging hard on it as he tried to chase his release, thrusting in to Dean's mouth urgently.
"Who's Cas?"
"Yeah?"
"Did I say love?" Dean squinted his eyes as though he had his doubts, but Sam saw through him. Dean was smitten. He couldn't help but tease his older brother a little bit, since he was in such a good mood.
“Where’s Sam?” She tried to change the subject to something lighter as they moved away from one another.
The moment was slightly awkward while Cas allowed Dean to put the mittens onto his numb hands, but he was feeling warmer already, and he wondered if it was just the hat and mittens, or if it was something else…but he shoved the thought aside and let Dean dress him. He was pretty sure that he was being laughed at, but he didn’t care. There was tenderness in this gesture, and he could sense it. The rest didn’t matter.
"Castiel, it's time to come home."
"Hello?" His voice was rough. He tried to rub the sleep out of his eyes.
"Dad died."
“You guys suck,” he said, and was subjected to a round of friendly insults. Sam secretly hated poker and always allowed himself to be eliminated early so he could enjoy the conversation and the company and not focus so much on his cards. Everyone knew that he did it on purpose, and he could play a mean game if he wanted to, but his easy-going nature stopped him from playing seriously very often. Instead, he excused himself to grab pizza and refill drinks before settling back in and fixing eyes on Dean to see how he was holding up.
Cas nodded. “Yeah.” He smiled in spite of himself. "Remember when we had a bonfire in the backyard and accidentally caught the porch on fire?"
Cas was still staring at the table when he answered.
“No, I can manage. Thanks.” Dean stood up slowly and clapped a hand on Sam’s back as he sauntered past him and made his way slowly down the steps to the manicured lawn.
“Your female forms are very good. You can practice more tonight on my live models if you like. But...your male form is...maybe in need of just a bit of fine tuning.”
Cas put his hand softly on Dean's shoulder, and Dean abruptly pulled him into an aggressive hug.
Cas's heart hurt for a minute when he pulled the Impala into the driveway. He was torn. Should he ride the high of the day as it was, or say what he was feeling? Being human was so damn complicated.
. He glanced over at him then, his eyes questioning.
And we are shaped by the light we let through us,
, he thought,
“Yep - it’s your radiator, and it’s cracked pretty bad. Once the engine cools down, I can put a temporary sealant on there. I can drive it to my shop tomorrow morning to replace it for you, if you want to call an Uber or something to take you back home tonight?”
"Yeah?"
"Did you hear me, dad? His name is Castiel. Lisa left me because we weren't right together. Because I'm gay." There it was. Out there just like that, after keeping it secret for years. Dean’s hear hammered hard in his chest as he watched his dad carefully. The emotions in John’s eyes shifted so much that Dean couldn’t keep up.
She learned that Hannah worked with Sam at her law firm, and that he was quite the co-worker. In the best way of course, because Sam was always great at whatever he did and people loved him, but he had sent a note to one of the girls he liked at the firm, Eileen, and it had somehow found its way on to the custodian’s cart. The elderly gentleman who cleaned the offices had approached Sam, hat in hand, saying he was flattered but that Sam wasn't really his type. Dean couldn't wait to bring it up with Sam on their road trip this afternoon.
"I -- I'm sorry, Dean. I...shouldn't have surprised you like this." Cas continued to stare forward. It's all he could say in the moment, and he felt foolish. All he could think about was how he very nearly ruined everything by giving in too quickly to his human desire for Dean. He felt weak and unsure. It made his heart ache.
Live inside of mine
We might be oil and water, this could be a big mistake,
, Dean thought, and he was distracted by the immediate warmth he felt in hearing it.
“Cas - off. Take this off.” The nickname rolled off of Dean's tongue so naturally. He liked it. He tugged at Cas's shirt, pulling it over his head and covering his chest with rough kisses as he breathed him in, his fingers roving down to Cas’s hips, where he faltered briefly.
And when they were both spent, lying silently together next to the fire, Cas cleaned up the evidence of their love making on his stomach with his shirt and trailed a finger around the handprint on Dean’s arm again. Dean noticed a small blue green light escaping from Cas’s fingers when they connected with his skin, causing a pleasant vibration wherever he touched.
"I knew him back in the day." Anna offered. "He was friends with Gabe and we hooked up a few times after he broke up with Benny. I figured he wouldn't be in to girls since he dated a guy before me, but holy hell. We had se.fun together.” Anna’s eyes glazed over and she bit her lip, placing her chin in her hand.
When Cas texted at the ass crack of dawn and asked to use his car, Gabriel's heart sank. That had to mean he was in some kind of trouble. He said it was just because his car broke down, but usually with Cas, there was more to the story.
Dean tried to stop thinking about it as he poured a glass of whiskey. He wanted to focus on what he would say to Cas when he called him in 45 minutes.
The words blurred and the world stopped turning for a minute after Dean saw the four words written on the paper. He read them again. And then Cas was there in front of him on his knees, shaking and flushed.
"Mmmm, I suppose she is."
"God, you're sexy." Dean loved how the compliment sounded coming so genuinely from his own mouth as Cas turned to face him, his eyes still wide.
Finally, Dean pulled away. "Sleep with me?" He whispered quietly.
"Cas? Come over around 5:30?" Dean tried to orient himself so he could get through the rest if the day. His mind was still a jumbled mess.
"Do you have a preference on...on…"
Dean narrowed his eyes in quiet contemplation as he listened to Cas finish leaving his apologetic voicemail.
"You're going to feed me and blow my mind in the bedroom? Cas...I think I might love you." A smile twitched at the corners of Dean's mouth before he kissed Cas again, trying to adjust his erection into a more comfortable position, but it was impossible. Instead, he pulled Cas in by his suit coat until their bodies were aligned, and rutted against him, knowing it wouldn't bring him the relief he craved, but he needed it just the same.
Dean started to worry when Cas didn’t pick up his phone. They were supposed to meet at the Winter Festival in Lebanon, and Cas wasn’t in their meeting spot on time. Dean bounced on his heels, trying to fight against the cold winter wind that was gusting across the open field outside of the festival grounds.
Too good to be true. I knew it.
There may come a time
Cas didn't intend to stop, his lips set deliciously, tongue pulsing just right, and Dean was paralyzed by the sensation of Cas' finger pressing right behind his balls, his other hand applying pressure to the smallest part of Dean's cock that wasn't in his mouth.
Dean nodded and threw his arm on the back of the bench seat of the Impala, tapping his fingers thoughtfully and staring out the windshield.
"Yeah. Thanks Sam."
"Pizza?" Dean asked, glancing at Cas after Sam's swift departure.
, he thought, and decided to try something new.
"Of course. I could use another one myself. Dean? You, too?"
Craving adult interaction, Dean decided to sit next to her on the open end of the blue metal park bench, hoping maybe they would strike up a conversation.
"Dean?" It was Charlie's sweet voice, traveling to them around the corner. "Dean? Are you out here?"
"Woah woah, Dean. Cas likes ya. I could tell by the way his eyes followed you everywhere yesterday. I think you two have some sort of connection. You’ll see each other again I bet."
“Shut up.” Dean gave Sam a goofy half smile before gulping down the entire glass of water and immediately refilling it. "You son of a bitch. You planned all of this," he said. "We need to talk. Cas told me everything."
"This isn't the end of the road you know, Sam. There's still plenty of adventure left for us, no matter what we decide to do next."
"Yeah, ok. But Cas is in love with this new someone apparently. So let's see what happens with that first. One step at a time."
"I'm sorry," Cas whispered. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry I'm so--"
He focused on his breathing again as he exited the Impala, and he swore Dean’s eyes followed him. When he glanced back, he found that he was correct. He smiled a little at that and headed back towards the house with a little bit of confidence in his step.
Dean's head was resting on Cas's neck now, and Cas had to fight against the urge to kiss his forehead. He settled for running his hand over Dean's cheek to try and wake him.
“Here you go Cas. Let’s have a toast? To Dean Winchester.” She smiled and raised her glass. Cas raised his and downed the entire second drink in seconds. Gabriel tried not to feel exasperated as he reveled in the short silence that followed and tried to collect himself. He was still reeling from the idea that Dean and Cas were hooking up.
“Yes?”
“Is that...Castiel’s?” Sam guessed.
"Is he just a rebound for you? A way to get over Lisa? To explore your sexuality more? What? I need to know."
There
“Say it,” Cas ordered, making eye contact.
Cas came soon after, back arched high off the bed, slick with sweat, eyes blown with lust. He rode it out until Dean finally collapsed onto his chest, burying his face in Cas's neck and trailing butterfly kisses across his jaw. They both focused on steadying their breathing and their trembling bodies, and neither of them spoke as they absorbed the intimacy of the moment, listening to each other's hearts beat at a million miles an hour.
Cas watched him with interest as Dean shoveled pie into his mouth. He hadn’t even cut it into pieces; he was just eating it right out of the tin, and Cas was sure that there wouldn’t be anything left of it in a matter of minutes. He struggled to understand what it was about pie that Dean loved so much.
"Your brother is Castiel?"
Dean blushed and looked at the ground, laughing nervously and folding his hands in his lap as he sat in one of the dining room chairs.
Cas didn’t remember what had come out of Raph’s mouth as they drove away, other than that should never come home again. And they hadn't.
And then Castiel had opened the door wearing Dean's clothes not 24 hours later, and she immediately knew she had done the right thing. Dean was different that morning. The air in the house felt sweeter. Relaxed...joyful...the way she had always hoped she could make it feel there. She had never been happier and sadder at the same time than when she met Castiel because he was so beautiful and sweet. And crushing on Dean big time - she watched the way he looked at her ex and it took her three seconds to know what was happening. And Dean hadn't even realized it yet at that point. He was such a dork.
Sam grew distraught and raked his hands through his long brown hair whenever he had to change the bandages, trying to figure out a way to fix it. But he hadn’t come up with any solutions yet and often set himself to pacing around Dean’s room, sharing his inner monologue and talking to nobody in particular.
"I know it's late boys, but how ‘bout a beer by the lake?"
"Gabriel?" He heard a small voice come from Cas.
"I...need to get some air," Dean heard himself say weakly, and he ducked away, leaving Castiel and their pile of discarded coats in front of the infinity painting in the gallery.
"OK, well, I suppose me and Ben should find a hotel. I've got to look for apartments in the morning."
Dean's heart sank a little.
The door swung open easily, and Cas found himself in the dining room of a typical roadhouse. Red leather booths around the perimeter surrounding a central bar with stools running its length. Dim lighting from a dozen sconces and several gaudy pendants with stained glass shades set the mood, and several pool tables and electronic dart boards were visible towards the back. Jake's smelled of cigarette smoke and stale beer, but Cas ignored it as he scanned the room for a person who might be able to help him.
, he thought, and was embarrassed at his own boldness, even if it were only in his mind.
"Nah, it's gonna be tense. I don't want Ben there. I never want him to see that side of John, you know? Kinda like I wish I hadn't ever had to see it, either." His long eyelashes brushed his cheeks when he looked down.
“No, I want to. We need this.” Gabriel reached over and squeezed Balthazar’s hand, giving him a tight lipped smile as they pulled away from the curb.
How many times had he said thank you tonight? However many it was, it wasn’t enough.
“Dean. It’s ok. It’s ok. You’re home. You’re safe now.” Sam’s familiar voice calmed him, but his heart continued to race and his eyes darted around the room, trying in vain to locate Castiel.
“Dean’s an amazing guy. Now that I know it’s him, Cas, I’m even more excited for you. And I'm impressed. You're the one who's finally going to win Dean Winchester's heart." Gabriel winked and ruffled Cas’s hair,  trying to lighten the mood. But all he got was an eye roll before Cas put his arms on the bar and cradled his head in them.
They sat in silence.
"Dean and I have...been spending some time together." Cas stared at Gabriel when he said it, and Gabriel was uncomfortable with it.
Cas stood absolutely still, allowing Dean to explore him more. By the time Dean grabbed his hips and pulled their bodies flush, Cas had started nuzzling into Dean's neck with soft lips, letting the water drip from his hair down Dean's chest, and he traced the lazy lines of water with his fingers. This seemed so...natural. so right. It was addicting just to
He was tempted to tell Cas everything. He wanted to tell this complete stranger about all of the things that were grieving him. Which was weird because he pretty much kept everything to himself. He valued privacy and never wanted to burden anyone with his life shit. But Cas...there was something about him.
"Which one?" Cas asked, even though he already knew. His heart beat loudly, and he was short of breath as he waited for a response, glancing sideways at Dean, hands fidgeting nervously in his lap.
"I like you like this. And I need you in my bed pronto." He wanted to lighten the mood before they did anything else. The moment had gotten heavy. He swatted Cas lightly on the ass while he grabbed his own towel and opened the door to make sure the coast was clear. "After you." He motioned for Cas to go first and tiptoed after him to the end of the hall.
Lisa and Cas untangled themselves from one another when they saw him, and Lisa headed back inside to say goodbye to Ben. Dean followed her in, unsure what to even say at the moment. His mind was swimming with so many questions and emotions.
"God I missed you", Dean said longingly, and moved closer to Cas.
"Yeah."
You've built around
Gabriel went.
“Are you really thinking that this will be the start of a new kind of chapter?”
“Nothin”, Dean said, and proceeded to pull a matching scarf and mittens out of the bag. “Let’s get you warm, Cas.”
“Just say the word buddy. I’m here. OK?”
"Heaven. Double word score." Cas looked up proudly and glanced around the room, waiting for affirmation that this was a good move.
But when Friday came around, Dean found himself looking at his watch every 15 minutes to check the time, and he found Castiel on his mind constantly throughout the day. Whenever he thought about his piercing blue eyes, or recalled his velvety voice, the rest of the world around him fell away. He couldn’t wait to get to the studio to see him again.
Sam let go of her after several minutes and cupped her face gently in his hands.
"I met someone."
“Holy shit. Cas. Is Dean…?”
"Can we stop for breakfast soon?" Cas's stomach grumbled and more coffee was now a necessity.
When he got back to the living room, the boy, who he assumed was Ben, was sitting with Dean.
"Cas. You're...beautiful. So fucking beautiful. Can I...?" Dean reached out to touch the raven black feathers of Cas's wings. Cas nodded, bringing his shining blue eyes up to meet Dean's bright green ones, forgetting his discomfort when he saw the love and awe there. The moment was euphoric for them both as they allowed themselves to
"Yeah, he will. And I bet he'll play Checkers with you when I'm busy."
Dean heard a hum of conversation in the background. Gabriel must be at a party or something.
"I'll believe it when it happens, babe. Now go. There are people that need saving."
"Are you ok, man? What are you doing?" Dean reached him and put a hand on his shoulder, and Cas's anger immediately started dissolving as he managed a smile.
Cas is silent for a while as Dean checks his fingers carefully to see if he’s missed anything.
He doesn’t catch sight of the angel’s sweatpants that he was definitely wearing when they both went to bed earlier, and doesn’t find the old ratty Ramones shirt he claimed ownership of to sleep in months ago (despite it being in Dean’s stuff for what was probably decades before), which allows him to breathes a sigh of release. If Cas is still wearing his pajamas, it means he’s probably somewhere in the bunker, reading a book in the Deancave or having one of his night snacks before he strolls back in bed.
Dean is here then, kissing his tears away, trying to soothe him with words of praise. But all Cas can think of is the pain of having to watch him walk away from him again.
“I’m trying to seize the day, that’s all,” he says softly, his voice all honey and gravel.
Another open-mouthed kiss and when Cas let go of his tongue, Dean finally let go too.
Cas smiles at him. “Is it what I think it is?”
He stops then, pondering.
“Yeah,” Benny chuckles. “Your best friend’s answer would be to shred this and get on with your life. Get married, have kids, stay away from the battlefield. You’ve earned this life.”
“Are we adopting? Fostering? Or using a surrogate?”
He stops to look at Dean and finds his best friend staring at him, eyes shining with unshed tears but trying hard to keep is cold, collected composure.
“I love you.”
At that, Bobby lifts his face up to catch Dean’s eyes again.
He extends his hand to touch Dean’s.
Dean doesn’t remember the last time he’s seen him this tense, and it’s starting to freak him out a little.
So seeing him in the flesh, standing in front of him in one of the worst moments of his life? It sent him spinning. But not in a bad way, and that’s what feels unreal to Cas.
“I love you, too.”
As part of his therapy, he resumes going to the range a week after he settled at Charlie’s. Sam and Bobby come along, and after an initial period of adaptation, Dean feels confident enough to knock it out of the park and put 5 bullets in the chest of his target, earning a whistle from Bobby.
Especially when he feels Dean’s hand slipping under the shirt he’s wearing and his hold tightening around him. He burrows closer into the warmth of Dean’s neck, noses at his throat as the other man slowly wakes up.
Right now he seems to think that going to see Cas is a bad idea, and Dean doesn’t understand why.
“There’s a letter for you that’s coming from one Jimmy Novak, address in Lawrence Kansas.”
He thinks he’d tell him that he understands, because he does. He
Cas’ hands are running nonsensical patterns under his shirt and Dean sighs in contempt, a smile floating on his lips.
The particular scent of the hospital fills his nose and he almost staggers, harsh memories being brought back to the surface.
Their hands resting next to Cas’ head stay intertwined tightly and Dean’s head drops into the hollow of Cas’ shoulder and neck, breathing in the scent of him, all salt and sweat. Cas’ mouth stays pressed against his hairline as both their breathing starts slowing down gradually.
Dean takes a deep breath. “What do you want to know?”
“HOW WAS I SUPPOSE TO KNOW YOU NEEDED BUTTER SPRAY DEAN, WHAT EVEN IS THIS?”
Benny doesn’t know about Cas per se, but he knows about Dean’s “one that got away” enough to connect the dots at some point. Dean expects him to anyway, just… maybe not today.
If any of y'all are artists and would like to create something, hit me up! Granted I have the money, I'll definitely commission some more art from actual readers!
“The conclusion that I’m an ass?” Dean asks, slightly sarcastic as he sits back down. “Wow Benjamin. That’s what I get for being your friend all these years?
Blood stills inside his veins when he picks up, and his gaze set on Benny’s face who finally turned back to look at him.
Charlie nods, but keeps her hand tightly wrapped around Dean’s as they move the discussion along quieter subjects. Sam still glances at Dean several times during their lunch, his eyes concerned and his words softer than they usually are. And Dean knows, deep down, that he’s scared of letting his brother go.
"You're supposed to enjoy this, not drink the whole thing at once", Sam said with annoyance.
"I can drive you?"
, Dean thought. He knew he would die to keep Cas forever. Cas was his now in every way...no longer just his protector and his best friend, but his lover and his source of happiness. He couldn't fight it...he didn't want to. The peace that he felt thinking about finally letting go of a mortal life to be with Cas made sense. His heart would break to stay here alone. He had given the world enough, hadn't he?
And then -
"Oh my God. Why? I would never go back there if I were them. I mean...I assume Cas probably went through the same shit that Gabriel did, right?" Sam ran his hands through his hair, feeling stressed.
Cas smiled shyly.
he thought, bracing himself for the worst.
"Oh. Um. I guess I don't know."
Cas picked up his coat and followed Dean. He got all the way to the door before remembering that his charger was in the car. “Dean, I need to grab my charger. Can I have my keys?”
Cas didn't stop what he was doing with his hands, despite the distracting interruption - he was too caught up in watching Dean, whose body was shaking now, and he was thrusting harder, barely able to hold himself up, his legs spread on either side of Cas’s lap. Somehow, in spite of all that, he managed to free Cas's hard cock from his pants.
"What?"
Dean felt bad. His comment wasn't meant to strike such a nerve.
“Ok, see you soon.”
“God Cas. I need you. Please...do it again. Come inside me. Fuck. Please.”
“I took a cooking course in college,” he said.
"Oh, you have a brother?"
"I'm so proud of you." Gabriel leaned in and gave Cas another strong hug, deciding against any sarcasm or mockery for the time being...as hard as it was. "You can do this. I'm here if you need anything, OK? Anything."
His stomach grumbled hungrily and he also realized that he was craving a cup of coffee with cream and sugar. He wanted it so much he could smell it. He wondered if he could pull himself away from Dean without waking him. He could see a faint light glowing through the snowy dashboard that seemed to be coming from the direction of Jake's, and thought maybe the owners had come in early to prep for the day - maybe they would have coffee.
"No. Just hearing your voice made my night better. And tomorrow will be bearable knowing I get to see you soon."
Cas was still wearing his dress shirt, but it was unbuttoned save for the bottom two buttons. Just enough that it didn't give everything away, but it certainly didn't leave much of Cas's torso to the imagination. Dean sank down lower into his chair, trying to figure out how to say goodnight without sounding like an idiot. Even though his alcohol buzz had receded, he was feeling a different kind of buzz now.
"Howya doin, Sammy? Are you ready for this?"
"Do you believe in fate?"
“Did you eat peanut butter in the car?”
"It's a surprise." Dean winked and shut the door behind him, leaving Cas to his thoughts.
"Will you let me take you to lunch today, Castiel?" He finally moved away slowly, their eyes connecting.
“Yes. Let’s order. You’re right, babe” Gabriel gave Balthazar one last appreciative glance before studying the menu, even though he pretty much knew it by heart.
“You said that, Gabe. But it’s not your fault. And you’re right - we need to do this today. We need closure.”
"You're looking fresh, Castiel. And I thought you were handsome with bed head." She winked at him when he glanced at her, causing him to blush (again). She bit her lip while she studied him for another embarrassing minute before changing the subject. "Alright, well...I've got a flight to catch. Ben, I will be back on Saturday. Have fun with Dean." She moved around to hug Ben, and although she hesitated slightly, she put her arms around Dean for a brief moment and kissed the top of his head. "Thank you for doing this. I...just...thank you."
How rare and beautiful it is to even exist.
He wished he could be there, at the wake. He would light Chuck's casket on fire. Or spit on it as it was lowered into the ground...or something. And he would hold Cas's hand and protect him. He was surprised to discover that Gabriel had a little brother. In fact...he didn't really know much about his friend's personal life except what had happened with his dad. Gabriel was very private about himself. They were the same in that way, and spent a lot of time during their decade of friendship trying to just forget about the heavy things when they were together. He knew that the last time Gabriel had confronted Chuck was Thanksgiving a few years back when he brought Balthazar to their family's holiday gathering and got thrown out into the snow. Now he pictured Cas there as well, and wondered how he had handled it? Did Chuck know Cas was gay? He had so many questions.
“I...kind of like it”, Dean breathed.
All your acting, your thin disguise
There was no stopping the intense orgasm that gripped Dean’s entire body as Cas filled him up again, thrusting deep, listening to Dean moan his name deliciously. And Cas stroked him as he came, almost coming apart himself simply at the sight of Dean riding him, his hands gripping Cas's thighs behind him as though they were his lifeline, every muscle taught and quivering.
"No, you don't."
Dean sensed Cas's discomfort and was quick to reassure him.
Dean smiled. He hoped Cas would like it - it wasn't covered in bumblebees like the one that had shattered all over the kitchen floor a few months before, but Dean liked the giant cartoon bee hugging a sunflower way better anyway. He had found it on Etsy - Eileen had shown him the site the night Sam helped him fill out his online business school application. His stomach did flip flops thinking about all of the changes that were happening to him right now, but he was pretty sure he loved every single one. He grinned at Cas's messy, amazing sex hair as his angel inspected the mug with an amused smile before taking a sip of the coffee.
“Can I at least say goodbye to Ben one more time?” Dean asked defeatedly.
"Dean?"
“Don’t stop,” Cas whispered, “Please don’t.
Dean returned his thoughts to the present to reward Cas's sleepy, exploratory kisses with light caresses up and down his back before rolling his body upwards into him, eyes closed tightly, surrendering unapologetically to his new, insatiable desire to be close to his angel.
Cas wondered if now would be a good time...he touched the cookie in his pocket, but changed his mind. He wondered if he could ask Sam's advice on strategy for this for the third time. He glanced around the familiar house, pausing in his sandwich making to appreciate it and try to make a lasting memory of it.
“Oh, so you don’t have any interest in him, then? He’s pretty to look at. I guess I wouldn’t blame you.” There was resentment in Lisa’s tone, and more than a little sarcasm...maybe jealousy?
"I know you cheated, Ben. You can't fool me."
"That sounds complicated. You must really care for him."
by James TW
"Let's - I - let's slow down for a minute, ok?" Dean started to feel guilty immediately when Cas's face fell. Dean ran his hands nervously through his hair as he tried to collect his thoughts and slow his pounding heart.
"Oh. Divorced? Oh...gosh, I'm sorry. That was really forward of me." Hannah blushed.
“Sam.” Cas acknowledged him softly, moving slowly away from Dean so as not to wake him; Dean had started snoring lightly, which was a good sign that he was at peace in his dreams now.
“Since I’m a...nephilim?” Dean asked, does that mean I can travel between heaven and earth? And how do I activate that green fire...the grace...on my own?” He realized he was tired and his question sounded far away.
Cas turned around to see Crowley standing in the shadow of the hallway, leaning against the wall, arms folded across his chest. Something about Crowley had always freaked Cas out. He was like a British demon, always lurking and ruining things.
He wasn't sure why he said that. He wished he could take it back. He didn't know this woman and was sure she probably didn't want to hear about his life problems.
"How are you even alive after last night, much less dressed and motivated?" Cas's voice was raspy as his mind transported him back to the night before. Despite the pain he was in, the thought of it was making heat travel all over his body and he groaned with a combination of desire and defeat. He reached feebly towards the coffee mug and noticed that it was new.
