“Most probably. Which reminds me...” Dean absentmindedly takes the cup from Castiel as it’s handed to him, allowing him to rummage through his drawer before turning back with a nervous expression on his face, small box in hand. “Happy Birthday, Dean.” The cups are gently placed on the tray before Dean takes the box from Castiel’s hands, brows furrowing at the warmth coming from it.
“Perfect!” It was then she pulled, Dean crying out as she ripped a feather from him, grace crackling in his eyes. “Thank you, dear. Now, you behave yourself here, hmmm?” He gasped in response, the pain unlike anything he had felt before, consciousness threatening to leave him.
also does nothing.
“Is- Is this…?” He took another hesitant step forwards, hand itching to reach out and see if Castiel was really there or not. “Is this real?” Dean hadn’t realised he was moving again until he could see the blue of the angel’s eyes, close enough for him to reach out and feel the course material of the trenchcoat between his fingers.
“Try now. Without clapping. Just… Just
"Cas, look out!" Castiel turned his head to look where Dean was, only to find himself flying into a pile of boxes stacked against the wall of the warehouse, leaving an angel shaped dent in the wall. The witch stalked towards him, igniting the ring of holy oil that he had conveniently landed in without saying a word, a malicious grin on her face. Castiel stood, watching her move then looked past her, noticing Dean creeping up behind her, knife in hand. The witch noticed Castiel looking past her, and turned to face the Hunter, grabbing his throat and lifting him off the floor with ease. She began to chant, eyes glazing over and Dean struggled as hard as he could, both to get free and for air.
“... July 10th.”
“I love you.” The words are blurted out, Dean managing to look away from the box long enough to look Castiel in the eyes as he says them, the soft look he receives making his heart melt even more.
Dean takes a deep breath, leaning forward so his elbows are resting on his knees, hands supporting his chin.
“Hey, Bobby?”
“Shit. You, uh… Huh. You really are a fine ass looking dog.” Castiel snorted again, looking away. “I can’t imagine what you’d look like when you’re not like this.”
“Now you just have to think about what you want to do when it gets here. Don’t worry though, you’ve got plenty of time.” Castiel turns, lifting himself up just enough to kiss Dean properly as he hums in contentment.
"Cas, it's okay. In fact, that was better than okay." He stood up, eyes open properly, the tiny glimmer gaining more strength. He turned Castiel around and began rubbing small circles on his shoulder blades where he imagined his wings would be.
Castiel woke with a jump, growling as his ankle protested at the movement. The reassuring warmth of Dean had disappeared, leaving him alone, still a little wary of his surroundings. It still smelt of him, so Castiel assumed that he had left not too long ago, stretching as the grogginess of sleep began to wear off. His ribs no longer hurt as much, a dull ache rather than the sharp pain of before, remarking to himself how well the potion had worked - he only wished his ankle had recovered in quite the same way. He wondered if it even worked on breaks, then wondered if it was actually broken, having no way of actually finding out or not. He huffed, standing to stretch again. There was no use moping around, not when there was a new area to investigate, something to take his mind off the anxiety of being away from Naomi. He shuddered at the thought of her, of how she would react when he got home, of the punishment she would have in store for him.
“But we
!” Dean swallows, trying his best to ignore the rising panic in his throat and the way his voice most definitely did not squeak towards the end of his sentence. Taking deep breaths does nothing to help, closing his eyes to try and trick his brain into thinking that
“D’you wanna elaborate on that for me a bit? Or are we just saying random months now?” Dean puts his fork down, breakfast taking a back seat before he brings his full attention to Castiel. “What’s so special about September?”
“Of course, Dean.”
“Sam, this is an angel blade. Somehow they've managed to melt them down, they're using them to keep wings pinned down.”
“Is this okay? I can reach more from here, although I can move if it makes you uncomfortable.”
Cas, I- The-” Castiel laughs, shaking his head as he turns in to the bathroom while Dean looks at him with a puzzled expression.
“... Please tell me this isn’t your first hug, Cas...
“Oooh.” Castiel turned just in time to see Dean rub his hands together, laughing as he pulled a mug down from the cupboard. He placed a hand on the side of the coffee pot with eyes closed, pulling away as more steam rose from the top, shit eating grin adorning his face as it was poured.
“Do you feel better now?” Dean nods once in Castiel’s direction, eyes closed as he lets the small breeze cool the sweat on his forehead. His hand has found itself entwined with Castiel’s again, partly for stability but mostly for comfort as the angel gives it a reassuring squeeze.
“Yeah, I get that.”
“And how long is
“I don’t care.” Sam coughed, a guilty expression on his face as both Dean and Castiel turned to glare at him, knowing full well he’d ruined the moment. “Sam?”
“This was not so difficult last time.” The words were almost growled out, Castiel unable to keep the feeling out of his voice. Sam looked at him with almost a desperate look in his eyes, one that Castiel couldn't meet. He turned away from the hunter, trying to feel which way would lead them to Dean, which way meant they could hurry up and leave this cursed place. He sighed as each of the directions gave him nothing, turning back to Sam with his own look of defeat.
“If it helps, I’m not gonna let it happen. Just because you’re not what she wanted, does- It doesn’t mean she can treat you like shit.” Castiel turned away from the fireplace, back towards Dean, who had found another interesting spot on his hands to stare at.
“... Dean?” The words came out barely above a whisper, Castiel dropping to his knees besides Sam as he quickly looked the hunter over to assess any damage. He closed his eyes as he ran a hand over the older Winchester, it lighting up as he used his grace to figure out what - if anything -  was wrong.
“It may be easier to show you rather than try and explain. And Sam?” He looked up slowly, one eyebrow raised in question.
“... Yeah. Okay...” He brings his hand to his face, lightly touching the spot where Castiel kissed him as though the action could remove it, smiling softly as he lets a warm feeling wash over him. “Okay.”
Dean nodded.
“Holy shit, Cas.” Castiel's eyes shot open, followed by a deep blush crossing his face at being caught. His wings fell in to a slightly defensive position behind him, but relaxed as he saw the flushed state of Dean. Barely any green could be seen in the hunter's eyes as his pupils were blown with lust, and he licked his lips at the slightly dishevelled angel on top of him. Dean rolled on to his back, and gasped as it caused some friction exactly where he needed it. Castiel didn't waste any time once the hunter was on his back, diving forward to deliver a punishing kiss that had him moaning into his mouth, allowing Castiel access he has previously been denied. The apple pie smell translated to taste as he tried to explore all of Dean's mouth, unconsciously grinding down on the hunter and making him gasp.
--------------------------------------------
"My apologies, Dean." He quickly moved his gaze to the wings that were still present on the hunter's back, frowning as he reached out to try and make contact with one. "You still have wings..." He pulled it just out of the angel's reach.
“Seriously?” He strained against the restraints on his wrists, wings involuntarily trying to flap slightly as he pulled as hard as he could. The rumble rose in volume as he pulled, dying down again when he stopped.
“Just let yourself glide down, open your wings out!” Castiel shouts from the ground, hands cupped around his mouth to make sure Dean can hear him as clearly as possible. He can’t quite see the expression on the hunter’s face from where he’s standing, fully expecting to have received an eyeroll in response, shaking his head as Dean doesn’t seem to get any closer to the ground.
It takes longer than Castiel would have liked for the dust to settle, his heart racing as he blindly tries to find where the door landed, to find Dean in amongst the chaos. He hasn’t felt this panicked in a long time, not since escaping from Naomi, since the first meeting with Dean however many days ago it was. He just about spots a boot sticking out from under the door as the dust finally settles, fairly certain his heart actually stops in that brief moment.
“You’re serious?”
Castiel didn’t expect Dean to come to his level, placing a soft kiss on his head before resting their foreheads together, gently grasping Castiel’s head between his hands. The tenderness of the action almost dropped the Familiar where he stood, pure joy radiating between their bond as Dean spoke gently in return.
“Dammit.” The words are muttered under breath, fist clenching in frustration as Sam tries to stifle a laugh. “So how the hell am I supposed to get back to the bunker now? Throwing up isn’t exactly fun, and I’ve no plans on doing it again.”
Castiel moved round the sofa, settling beside Dean as a hand came to rest in his fur. He glared at the book, tilting his head at it before nudging it cautiously with his nose.
“Thanks.”
“So we’re definitely going outside to get strength back in your ankle then. Now you’re away from her… You get to experience life on
“... Fire.”
“That’s fair. Somewhere open you can really stretch your legs… I think I know just the place.” The warmth washes over him again, just catching the blush that creeps across the top of Dean’s ears. “It’ll be nice to see, y’know? It’s always nice to see you actually
you.”
“Your voice? How... What? Is that even possible?” Castiel nodded, looking up to the Empath.
Still nothing.
“Why would you want to stay here? I’m not a witch, I’m nothing special. Just a guy who hit you with his car.”
Dean just nods in response, arm still covering his eyes as he brings his other hand to rest in Castiel’s fur.
Castiel pressed his forehead back against Dean’s before standing, shaking off loose fur and errant petals from the delicate blooms they had created.
Flying - it turns out - really isn’t all that difficult once Dean finally gets the hang of it. He decides that having Castiel as a teacher is definitely a big help, staying patient with him as they get closer and closer to the Bunker, keeping a close eye on everything Dean is doing and giving pointers where necessary.
“I don’t want to lose you again. I’m
“... Is this what I think it is?”
He stands taller over Dean, trying to make it as clear as possible by body language alone that he isn’t leaving. What he doesn’t expect is the laugh that comes from Naomi, head tilting in confusion.
“Oh- Come
.” Castiel rolls his eyes at the words, pressing gently on Dean’s shoulder blade again before slowly releasing the pressure, ignoring the hiss of pain that comes from the hunter as he does so. “What the hell are you even
The words hit Dean as a wave, almost knocking him over with the force they’re coming from Castiel. He doesn’t say anything as he works his hand through Castiel’s fur, making gently shushing noises and pointedly ignoring the dark cloud coming over in favour of calming him down.
“Hmm?”
"Oh, shit. Sorry." He rubbed the back of his neck with his good hand in embarrassment, tips of his ears pink with the blush that had settled across them.
"It... Happens... When angels have a mutual attraction... To each other." Dean didn't say anything for a minute, standing rooted to the spot with his jaw hung open.
He was lucky to have the counter behind him, propping him up as his thoughts swirled around his head at a dizzying speed. There was no way Dean wouldn’t have been able to feel that, quickly glancing towards him as he placed a frying pan on the stove, seemingly ignorant to Castiel’s internal dilemma. Castiel let out a slow breath, trying to calm himself down as the first sizzle of bacon broke through his thoughts, giving him something else to focus on for the time being. Whatever those thoughts were could be shelved for later; Dean’s priority of breakfast quickly rising to the top of his list too as his stomach rumbled at the enticing smell of food.
Knocking on glass dragged him from his reverie, Sam motioning to hurry up as the feel of Dean’s grumbling became more intense. He shot the younger Winchester an apologetic look, throwing the bags in the trunk before sliding into the passenger seat.
"Has… Did…?" Dean dragged his hand down his face, struggling to find the words without causing any offence. "Were you…? Ugh."
"Cas. Explain." A frown crossed the angel's face, but he sighed in resignation.
"How...?"
"But, nothing, Dean Winchester. I am trying to undo what the witch did, and until then, I do not expect the Righteous Man to be acting like a spoilt fledgling!" If possible, Dean's pout got larger, turning away from Castiel and wrapping his wings around himself defensively. Castiel sighed.
” Dean shrugged as he took another sip of his beer, grimacing as the yellow liquid slid down his throat. “Damn idjit.”
“... God, I love it when you talk like that.”
“Open it and find out.” The glow only gets more intense as Dean opens it properly, jaw dropping at the delicate vial cushioned within. “I wasn’t sure what to get you, and Sam suggested something that had a special meaning to you… I only hope this fits that description.”
"Cas..." Dean made an 'up' motion with his arms, and Castiel's expression turned to one of alarm. He didn't know how to deal with human children, but he had a rough idea of how to deal with fledglings, so he picked Dean up, holding him awkwardly. Dean squirmed until Castiel held him properly, noting how much more comfortable it made holding him. Dean looked up at Castiel, who still looked panicked, and gently headbutted the angel's chest in a comforting gesture.
“Stuff can be replaced. People can’t.” Dean stopped grinding the herbs to briefly look towards the Familiar. “And I never said they’d
Castiel couldn’t help the teasing tone creep over the bond, trying to make Dean feel at ease as much as possible, moving again so he was lying on the Empath’s chest.
"DOG!"
“And pray tell, where have these illusions come from? I made sure you had a roof over your head, fed you, looked after you all these years… And this is how you decide to repay me? By being
Castiel watched the way Dean’s Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed nervously, stepping away to give him a bit of space. He left one paw on his leg, almost as a warning before sitting down, eyes never leaving the Empath’s face.
, bitch. I can and will smite you” He huffs as he moves towards the back seat, sighing in resignation as he turns back towards Castiel. “Could you help? I dunno how- Uh… Angles.”
” The words are growled out, flames diminishing slightly at the force they are spat out. Castiel notices the flare of green again in their eyes as he picks himself up off the floor and joins Dean in the stand off.
“I, uh… Did put this in a cup to start with. Then I realised I have no idea if you’d even be able to drink out of it so… Bowl?” Castiel looked at it as though it had personally offended him, glaring as it came closer. “If you’ve got any better ideas on how you’re gonna be able to drink it, please, share with the class.” He huffed, resigning himself to the fact that he wasn’t strong enough at the moment to shift back to drink it normally, still glaring at the bowl the whole time. The stranger carefully placed it on the table in the middle of the room, stepping back to give Castiel room again. He sniffed it, looking back at the stranger who just gave him the thumbs up and a ridiculously cheesy grin. He swallowed thickly, diving in before he changed his mind. He tried not to think about the taste, concentrating on just making sure there wasn’t anything left. Castiel gagged, turning away from the stranger and the shit eating grin that had wormed its way on to his face.
“Mhmm.” Castiel gave Dean’s hands a reassuring squeeze, an almost vice like grip returned by the hunter as he waited for whatever Castiel was about to do next.
“We need to think about this carefully, Dean. One wrong move, and all of us are dead.” Castiel’s voice is low, wings still held defensively against the flames in front of the two of them, catching Sam’s eye as he tries to convey his sympathies through a look. He follows Sam’s gaze as it flickers to the gun at his side then back to the witches, confusion briefly clouding his features before he realises what the hunter is trying to say.
“This… Cas- Is this your
“I’ll drink this, have breakfast - then you can go run off some of that tension you’re holding all of a sudden."
“Gonna taste better.” Dean shrugged as he pulled a jug from the fridge, closing it with his hip as he turned back to Castiel. “You want to keep an eye on this while I whip us up some pancakes too?”
"Alright, you can keep your secrets a bit longer… I am gonna figure out what you are though, cause you sure as hell are not a normal dog." Castiel rolled his eyes again.
, and he is not
“I… Sorry. There’s just so many things I’m curious about, I don’t want to cross any lines and make you uncomfortable.”
“... Smells like bullshit.” Sam threw his arms up in frustration, looking away from Dean before turning back to see the shit eating grin on his brother’s face.
“Usually our wings wouldn’t have to be corporeal to fly, but given your current circumstances I imagine this might make it a little easier for now.” Castiel stepped forwards, hands outstretched as he looked calmly towards Dean. “Do you trust me?” Dean gulped, hands shaking slightly as he clasped Castiel’s. He could only nod in response, looking down at his feet as Castiel adjusted his stance.
“I am doing it slowly! If I go any slower, I’ll just drop, and I think I’ll take a hard pass on that thank you very much!” Dean’s thankful that there’s nothing around the vicinity of the Bunker for miles, embarrassed blush working its way onto his face as he looks down at Castiel on the ground. The angel made landing look so
, Cas?”
"Okay, Dean." He hid his wings again, giving the lamp a dirty look before placing Dean on one of the motel beds. He sighed, turning to the pile of books that littered the table to resume his search to how to get Dean back to normal.
“What?” Castiel whimpered, backing away as quickly as he could. He didn’t look to see where he was going, backing in to the counter, whimpering again as a mug fell to the floor, shattering as it landed. He stared at the pieces, trembling as Dean put the pestle down, unable to stop the whimpers from escaping.
“Cas- I…” He wiped away the worst of the tears, blinking and taking a deep breath before looking down at Castiel, his other hand coming to rest on top of the Familiar’s head, voice quiet. “... Thank you.” Castiel nudged his muzzle in to Dean’s hand, gently licking his palm that earned a small laugh from the Empath. Dean wiped at his eyes again, sniffling as he ruffled the fur on top of Castiel’s head before turning his attention back to the warding herbs. The pestle isn’t in Dean’s hand long before his head whips around to the door, not noticing as it slips from his fingers and rolls to the floor with a clatter, dropping to Castiel’s level with a panicked look on his face.
In my life at the time who were less than pleased about it. Didn’t think it was any use for me to be one rather than a Witch like the rest of the family. That’s why I’m so good with herbs. I just wanted to feel
“It’s no problem Cas. Now, c’mon.” Dean pulls away, clapping his hand to Castiel’s shoulder. “I want to get that door hung again before someone comes wondering what the hell happened.”
"I don't know." Dean took this as a good enough answer and tried to reach Castiel's wing again, moaning when he just missed it.
“Dean…” The warning tone in Castiel’s voice gives him pause, huffing as he receives a glare of his own off the angel. “Let’s not mess with Sam while he needs to drive. You don’t want to be stuck in that position longer than you need to be, do you?” Dean’s jaw unclenches, the grace leaving his eyes as whatever plan he had is shelved.
"Dean. I am sorry, I am not angry with you, and I apologise for making you think that. I only wish to know how you gained wings, as you are not an angel." Dean had his back to Castiel, the wings in a position that told the older angel the de-aged hunter was upset.
Dean opens his eyes, gently patting Castiel’s head to get him to move it as he sits up straight, dragging a hand down his face.
Castiel flinched as the word rattled down the hallway, causing him to involuntarily shift and drop the mug he had been holding. He stared at the pieces, panicking as he heard Naomi throwing things around the other room, the panic spiking as the noise stopped as suddenly as it had started. He knew that if he wasn't in his human form by the time she made her way here that there would be hell to pay, and the broken mug would only be fuel to the fire.
“Ow.” Dean shook his head, the last of the spots disappearing from his vision. “What... The hell... Was
"I don't know, I've never seen them before. I… I have a feeling they're something new though. They feel new." Castiel's smile gets wider as he looks back at Dean, unable to help the way his breath hitches in his throat again at the sight of Dean surrounded by flowers of their own creation; the light reflecting off them the same way as from buttercups but with a turquoise hue. Castiel steps back as Dean sits up further, squinting and tilting his head as he looks at the new foliage.
“I'm sorry. It seems my concern for Dean seems to be clouding any of my other judgement... I don't want to think about what else could happen to him in his current condition, and I'm worried.” Sam offered a sympathetic smile and nodded.
“Jerk.” Dean huffed, shoving his hands in his pockets as he turned away from his younger brother.
“Is there something you wanted, Dean?” The innocence in his voice was layered on thickly, and it made Dean almost orgasm where he lay. He scrabbled in to a sitting position, kissing Castiel as though his life depended on it, straddling the angel in the middle of the bed, trying to touch of him as he possibly could. Hands worked their way through hair, over nipples, through feathers until Dean's hands finally stopped on Castiel's hips, foreheads resting against each other as he tried to catch his breath. Castiel dragged his fingertips up Dean's back, catching the gland at the base of his wing that caused him to buck his hips and grind together, breathy moans escaping the hunter.
“They say otherwise... Sweetheart. So does that grace leaking out of you.” Dean grimaced, the grip on his throat tightening as the witch stepped closer. “And those feathers are exactly what we need. So we're going to take them. One. By. One.” Fear gripped him as she released his throat, moving away from his face and towards the right wing. Something shiny caught his attention, and his stomach dropped further as he realised she had pulled another angel blade from somewhere.
“I assume that feels nice?” Dean nodded, unable to form words as Castiel chuckled and resumed grooming the wing that was closest to him. He began to pitch forward the more relaxed he became, threatening to fall off the edge of the bed before Castiel pulled him back towards him, laughing at the confused look on Dean's face.
“No, I’m coming. I’d prefer to have it done before Sam gets back so he can’t laugh at me getting it done, to be honest.”
” He shook his head again, closing his eyes as the stranger groaned in defeat. “Dammit. Worth a shot.” They stood up again, clapping as they did so, Castiel letting out an involuntary yelp at the noise and growling at the pain it caused. At least they had the decency to look guilty, bending down to try and calm Castiel down.
It was difficult to keep his voice steady, to keep it from cracking as Dean turned his head enough to look at him.
He couldn’t help the huff of laughter as Dean lifted his head just enough to shoot Castiel a brief glare before letting his head fall back to the ground with a small thud.
“... Huh.”
“So… Flying. How?”
“You’ve nothing to apologise for, Cas.” Dean shrugs, only hissing slightly as he pulls back enough to give the angel a reassuring smile, running his hand down his arm until their fingers are linked. “You’re doing everything you can to make sure I’m staying in one piece… And there’s still a
“Y’know… Usually people hug back.”
“Is there really no way of fixing this with grace?” Castiel shakes his head, turning towards the stairs, briefly looking over the banister to check if Sam had arrived yet or not.
"Angels are magic, Cas. You'll make me big again." A yawn made the last part of the sentence almost indecipherable, but Castiel understood what the yawn meant. "Jus' try this." Dean reached up to place two fingers on Castiel's forehead, and he knew what was trying to be said.
“I was merely marvelling at how nice the trees look now their leaves are growing back in… I was even contemplating a run, but I was waiting to see how long you’d be first.” Dean smiled, placing his mug behind him on the counter as he mirrored Castiel’s position, leaning back with his arms folded across his chest.
under his breath as an angel blade falls in to his hand.
“Um... Cas?”
"Uh, same way I can feel the shock coming from you right now, the way I could feel your guilt - I'm an, um… Empath." He looked guilty as he said the word, rubbing the back of his neck and pointedly looking at anywhere but Castiel.
"Cas... Where's Sammy?" Castiel's smile faltered for a moment, but he was certain that the fledgling hadn't noticed.
“Yes. And no.”
“You’re not bad to be around yourself, y’know.” Dean pressed his face in to Castiel’s fur, breathing deeply as he let himself calm down again, Castiel shifting position so they could both be comfortable. There was something about Dean that was soothing, something about him that allowed Castiel to relax and not have any worries; a feeling he had long since forgotten living with Naomi. He couldn’t quite place why he felt that way, but he wasn’t going to let anything take it away from him now. Dean sighing drew Castiel out of his thoughts, looking up at the empath as he shifted positions again.
“We’ll just see about that, won’t we?” The cold feeling almost makes Dean shudder again as she gets closer, pulling on the collar with more force than necessary so the tag faces her. She doesn’t try to hide the sneer this time as the tag catches the light, the name
Dean looked at him, eyebrow cocked in curiosity.
“That…” Castiel pauses, tilting his head before nodding in agreement. “Actually, that’s not wrong.” The grin Dean gives the angel only makes him laugh, pressing a chaste kiss to the hunter’s lips before he pulls away. He laughs again at the keening noise that comes from Dean’s throat, turning away and pulling Dean along with him as he does so.
"Dunno..." Dean mumbled his response, turning away from Castiel but was stopped. Now Dean looked alarmed, fear in his eyes as he desperately tried to figure out what he'd done wrong. Castiel noticed, stopping looking at Dean's back long enough to recognise the look of fear etched onto the young boy's face and before Dean knew what was going on, Castiel had pulled him into a tight hug. Dean squirmed, trying to get away from Castiel but failed rather miserably.
just because you thought it was a good idea to split up. We stick together.” Dean sighed, keeping his gaze level with the angel’s as he placed his hand on Castiel’s arm. “I’m not losing you, Cas. Do you understand?”
“I love you too, Dean. With or without wings.” He pressed a soft peck to the hunter's lips before pulling him closer, stroking his wing as Dean fell in to a gentle sleep.
“You almost sound disappointed, Dean.” Dean shook his head, a small smile on his face. The smile dropped as he looked around the room, taking in the damage, flinching at the door lying next to him. His head whipped back around to Castiel, eyes wide as he scrambled to standing.
disappear on me like that again. You scared the shit out of me.”
“I, um, was thinking. Only if you want to, that is, I don’t want to force you in to anything…” Dean’s hand is on the back of his neck again, the tips of his ears pink, and Castiel is starting to think that he has a magnet in his neck and hand for them to meet so frequently.
“I dunno, Cas. I mean, yeah, it's a feather, but nothing about it screams Dean.” Castiel's shoulders slumped, for now admitting defeat in trying to get Sam to believe him, taking the feather back just as carefully as he handed it out. He wasn't about to lose the only thing they currently had that suddenly meant the world to him, that was proof he wasn't going completely mad. He sat on the bed, absent-mindedly twirling the feather between his fingers, not noticing Sam stand up.
“You carry on with that sappy shit and it’s gonna be like Hansel and Gretel but with flowers instead of breadcrumbs all the way home.” Castiel laughed again as Dean grumbled, hand on the back of his neck as the blush stubbornly refused to move from his face.
The finger doesn’t move from his lips as he looks at Castiel again, brows furrowed as he tilts his own head towards the front door. His eyes widen as his head whips up again, slowly standing as Castiel whines at the lack of information. The walk to the front door is just as slow, Castiel beginning to tremble as he moves to watch Dean from the doorway of the kitchen, wishing he could have just a sliver of information, anything to quell the sudden overwhelming nervousness he feels. Dean turns and smiles sadly, a single tear rolling down his cheek as he brings his finger to his lips again; Castiel is certain he’s never moved as quickly in his life as he stands, a rush of determination fuelling the need to get to Dean. He’s barely across the threshold from the kitchen before there’s a loud bang, dust and splinters of wood clouding his vision as the front door is blown clean off its hinges, straight in to-
“You’re making this much harder than it has to be…” Castiel yelps as one of the fireballs catches his tail, pointedly ignoring the way Naomi’s face lights up at finally hitting her target. “
“Your wing. It's, well, glowing. It looks like grace.” Castiel extended the wing in question to get a closer look at what Sam was on about, noticing that there was indeed a glow coming from within the feathers. “Does it hurt?”
“I’m sure Dean. Although we may need to move with more caution now the element of surprise has been taken away from us, this is still going to work.” A glimmer of grace works its way in to Castiel’s eyes as his anger flares, wings rising in unison. “Not one witch in this building is going to survive the night.” Dean nods, his hands itching at his sides. He can feel the grace pulsing through his veins, giving him the extra edge needed to take on these bitches, and he wholeheartedly agrees that not a single one of them will see the sun rise again. He squares his shoulders again, Castiel following his actions as he stalks forwards, Sam’s footsteps a reassuring noise as he brings up the rear.
“I think so. I think I know where the magic from the book went too… You’ve got it, Dean.” Dean’s brow furrowed in thought before turning back to Castiel.
Naomi falters, Castiel only just catching the look on her face before it’s schooled back in to perfect neutrality again.
They’re going to pay for what they’ve done.
“I’m not going to hurt you at all. Promise.” Dean gently but slowly ran his hand through Castiel’s fur, trying to calm him down again, trying to reassure him that he genuinely didn’t mean him any harm. Castiel blinked, looking back at Dean from the floor. He had a small but reassuring smile on his face, and he could see that there was no malice or even intent in his face. He let out a slow breath, moving to a sitting position before quickly glancing at the mug again. Dean moved back to give him space, hissing in pain as he put his hand down. Castiel froze, looking at his hand, whining when he realised Dean had cut himself on the shards. He blinked, gaze never leaving his hand as Dean lifted it to his face to get a better look at the damage.
“What?”
"We need less clothes. Now."
familiar with?” Dean nodded, kicking his feet up on to the sofa, arm resting over his eyes as he let Castiel finish the batch of potion. Castiel sighed again as he moved the pot back on the stove, clicking his fingers to light the flame beneath it once more. He sighed again before scratching at his ear, a niggling feeling there he couldn’t quite reach before stopping, finger still firmly in his ear.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“I already have it, Dean.” Castiel smiles as he passes Dean the mortar, not looking as he reaches back for the next thing he knows Dean is going to ask for. Being bonded to an Empath has its perks, the rarity of knowing what people want and feel shared through their connection, making living together and being around each other easier to navigate. Whipping up a large batch of potions and poultices also runs smoothly when both parties now instinctively know what’s needed.
“Not really.”
“You wouldn’t be alone, I’d be with you. And until you can put your wings away, any public transport is out of the question.” Dean sighed, defeated.
“No.”
Dean gave him a flat look, rolling his own eyes this time. He stood slowly, stretching as he did so before turning to the island in the middle of the kitchen. Castiel titled his head in confusion as he reached for a herb above his head, gracefully throwing it in to a large mixing bowl before reaching up for another one.
Dean nodded slowly, never taking his eyes off Castiel.
"They're beautiful… What are they?"
“You will be able to - but it might take some time for you to be able to do it for such long periods again. At least until the angel part of you gets used to it.”
“It’s a good idea, that’s probably what they’re trying to avoid. But if we try to head deeper, it may work for us as it’s not what they’re expecting to happen.” Sam shrugged as he said it, loading the clip back in to his gun. Castiel nodded then, his hand sliding down Dean’s arm to give his hand a reassuring squeeze before dropping to his side. More mental notes were made by Sam to ask the pair what the hell was going on there once they were free and away, filing it for safekeeping.
“No. I’m not letting you go get yourself plucked or fucking
If that’s what home was supposed to feel like, then Castiel was glad he’d found that with Dean.
“Shh… It’s okay.” Dean releases his hands in favour of stroking soothing patterns into Castiel’s fur as he whines again, equal parts of despair and yearning washing over the Empath - he can’t help the single tear that rolls down his cheek, wiping it away before Castiel has a chance to see it. He blinks, looking towards the ceiling as he wills more errant tears to stay exactly where they are, letting out a slow, drawn out breath as he tries to calm himself down.
“Do… Do you mean that?”
"How do we get rid?"
, Dean.” The laugh doesn’t leave his voice as he looks at the hunter, stopping just past the threshold. “I highly doubt the first-aid kit has enough in it to strap enough of your wing to keep it still, so we need to find more. Or at least something close enough that can do the same job until we can get some.”
“Where…?” He waves his hand vaguely, Castiel chuckling before pressing a soft kiss to his neck.
and Eileen? That Sam, right there?” Sam shot Dean the most appropriate bitch face, folding his arms against his chest as Eileen snickered into her cup.
?” A small flame flickers to life in her palm as her anger flares, Castiel moving away just in time as it connects with the wall he was in front of seconds ago. “You’re going to come back with me, and you’ll serve your penance for running away in the first place. Then we’ll see how you can start making it up to me, dog.” Another fireball barely misses Castiel as he ducks behind the sofa, hearing the
“I'm what?”
“I trust you, y'know. I trust you'll get me, and give those witches hell, Cas.”
“There should be. It was a fresh batch this morning, extra strong - just the way you like it.”
, Sam. These witches need to be dealt with first, then getting out of here.” Sam grumbles as the angel turns to follow his brother, Castiel’s own angel blade falling in to his hand; Sam can’t help the pang of jealousy at not having one of his own to appear out of nowhere. He shakes his head, pulling his gun up from his side again as he squares his shoulders to follow Dean and Castiel, trying his hardest to ignore just how strange the whole evening has turned out to be. Dean’s voice ahead of him shakes him out of his train of thought, the volume against the quiet of the fire crackling making him jump as he stares daggers in to the back of his brother’s head.
Dean looks guilty again, his spare hand finding its home on the back of his neck as he looks down at the Familiar on his leg.
"Hey, hey… You're okay, you're okay…" Their tone was gentle, along with the almost reassuring weight of their hand Castiel could feel himself calming down enough to let some of the tension go. It quickly turned itself in to trembling, and Castiel opened his eyes long enough to try to offer an apologetic look to the stranger. He must have seen something else in his eyes, sadness draping itself over his features at the look on Castiel's face.
"Aren't they awesome, Cas? Now I jus' like you!" Dean let himself fall onto Castiel, knocking the wind out of him, but Dean just hugged the angel as hard as he could. Castiel didn't know how to respond, sat staring at Dean in what could only be described as wide eyed disbelief. He didn't even realise Dean had started poking him to get his attention.
“I- I’m not sure. Whenever I’ve encountered an injured wing before, it was in Heaven… Time passes differently there, so I couldn’t give you an accurate guess based on how time passes here.” Castiel sighs, hands moving out of his pockets as he drags them down his face in frustration. “I know that’s not what you wanted to hear... I- I apologise for that.” He doesn’t see Dean stand, jumping slightly at the contact as the hunter pulls him into a hug; uninjured wing wrapping itself around him.
"Dupid dings... In the way..." He muttered to himself before yawning again. "But dey comfy... One hour..." A gentle snore filled the cubicle before Dean could think about telling himself not to sleep as Castiel shuffled papers noiselessly in the next room.
“You’re not going to like the answer.”
, especially when you’re just a kid. I mean, who even calls their kid
“Cas… Are you-” A bright light burst from the book before either Dean or Castiel could let go, Dean managing to shield his eyes from the light before falling back to the floor; silence from Castiel briefly making his heart leap to his throat. He blinked rapidly as the light died down, trying to get rid of the spots in his eyes as he groaned, lifting a hand to his head.
” Dean stepped out of the kitchen, the pot momentarily forgotten as he knelt down by the sofa; confusion working its way on to Castiel’s face as he looked down at the small book in his hands.
at the weight of the angel suddenly being on top of him. Castiel ignored it in favour of rubbing his nose against the nape of the hunter’s neck, breathing in deeply as he took in the scent of him, placing gentle kisses there before moving up to the shell of Dean’s ear.
"Yes, Dean?"
“Cas?”
“Whilst that’s not a bad idea, it doesn’t help us now.” Castiel turns again to open the closest cupboard to him; closing it with a sigh as there’s no sight of bandages within. “It needs doing as soon as possible so it doesn’t heal wrong… Just the same as if you’d broken your arm, or your leg.”
“Maybe we should go home, away from all these other people? Maybe where we don’t have to worry about doing more accidental guerrilla gardening?” Dean’s voice is low in Castiel’s ear as they continue to sway in place, still ignoring looks of passers by. Castiel smiles, dropping his head in to the crook of Dean’s neck as he feels his face heating up from the blush, nodding before letting his head rest on Dean’s shoulder.
“Still not used to that, either. It’s weird to think how quickly everything changed.”
His mouth snapped shut with an audible click as he looked away from Castiel, staring dead ahead as the anger engulfed the sympathetic look that had been on his face. He glanced down as Castiel whimpered again, a small noise that if it hadn’t been for being an Empath he would have missed. He clenched his fist, knuckles almost going white before taking a deep breath and releasing it, sighing as his Baby came into view.
The word came out as a whisper, catching in Dean’s throat as he took a hesitant step forwards. He took another step, the haze almost disappearing as the figure took on a more solid shape; Dean didn’t realise he’d started to run until he skidded to a halt at the end of the pier. The breeze caught Castiel’s hair in a way that Dean couldn’t help but stare at, billowing his trenchcoat around him in an equally captivating way.
“I think it had something to do with breaking free? Her fire doesn’t hurt me anymore, I can
“Are... Are you okay, Cas?” Castiel looked the hunter in the eyes, still breathing heavily but more steadily than before.
The smile Dean gave made Castiel’s heart skip a beat, dropping his head to Dean’s chest again as he let the warm feeling embrace him.
“Thank you, Dean.” He smiles again as he glances back towards the wall, linking his fingers with the hunter’s. “We should probably tell the others.”
, and the smell clings to you for days after too.” He glared, but the action only made the stranger laugh. “Give it about 20 minutes, it should start to kick in then. If you start feeling sleepy, don’t fight it - it works better if you’re asleep anyway, brings recovery times right down.” Castiel nodded, lying down in preparation. The whiskey that been put in warmed him through, a feeling of contentment washing over him. It wasn’t quite feeling safe - there was still a lot about the stranger Castiel didn’t know - but it was enough to know that for now he wasn’t being hunted, or hurt. He briefly opened one eye as the stranger sat beside him, wondering why he would choose the floor over the sofa, closing it again as he rested a hand in his fur.
The concern in Castiel's voice was clear, and Dean could almost see the expression on the angel's face. He smiled, something about the concern almost comforting to him, knowing that he was worried warming his chest.
“Dude.” Sam throws another bitch face at Dean, the older Winchester ignoring it as he points a finger in the younger’s direction.
- checks the locks as soon as the door shuts behind them, the atmosphere making his fur stand on end in a way he can’t ever remember feeling. He feels like he needs to pace, to keep up with Dean’s to-ing and fro-ing from the kitchen, the need to be moving is almost an overwhelming feeling. Instead he sits by the fire, watching as Dean mutters to himself as he ties off hex begs, placing them in the best areas to make sure the warding is the most effective it can be. He huffs as the last one is placed, Dean letting out a sigh as he collapses onto the sofa behind him. Castiel stands, stretching as he does so before jumping on to the sofa next to Dean, pointedly ignoring the way his eyebrow cocks at the Familiar being on his furniture. He also ignores Dean’s noises of protests as he squirms under the Empath’s arm so he can lay across him, closing his eyes as Dean lets out a small laugh.
“... What?”
C’mon now, I only wanna
“I…” Blush crosses the hunter’s cheeks, wings fluffing up slightly as he looks away from the angel. “Maybe I was a little distracted, yeah. Apparently my brain thinks now is a good time to realise stuff while we’re however high above the ground, and who knows how long from home.”
“Like learning how to land properly.” The small smile on Castiel’s face doesn’t go unnoticed by the hunter; shaking his head and laughing before squeezing the angel’s hand.
“It’s okay. I got you. Just - try eat this and we’ll go from there.” Castiel can only nod as he moves towards the burger Dean put so much effort in to making. The smell makes his mouth water, lunging forward as he snatches it from Dean’s hand, taking no notice of the way he recoils and checks his hand over to make sure Castiel didn’t leave any marks. It barely lasts a minute before there’s no trace of it left, and Castiel can’t help his instincts as he sniffs around for another. Dean laughs as he stands, throwing together another in record time before tentatively placing it in front of Castiel and stepping away to give him space to eat. This one lasts just as long; Dean smiling as he feels the small amount of embarrassment coming off Castiel as he licks the plate clean of anything remotely burger-like.
SMUUUUT.
“Are you sure, Dean?” A soft yet hungry kiss was the reply as he pressed harder on the oil glands, squeezing more oil out of them. He kept one hand caressing Dean's wing as the other ventured lower, grazing over the curve of the hunter's behind before gently probing the rim, wing oil making Castiel's fingertip slip in and out. Dean moaned, wings flapping slightly as he tried to position himself in a way that Castiel's finger would slip in to him completely, gasping as it slowly slid in to him. He sat for a few seconds, adjusting to the feeling before Castiel began to draw it back out of him, crooking his finger before re-inserting it, catching the small bundle of nerves that had Dean flapping harder than he had done before.
“Is that okay, Cas?” He hummed in contentment, cut off by a sharp intake of breath as Dean pinched both of them at the same time, causing his wings to flare out. Castiel's eyes opened, and Dean could feel himself getting lost in the depth of them, hands absent-mindedly rubbing the wing joints on Castiel's back. He was that lost in Castiel's eyes that he didn't notice the smirk slowly spreading across the angel's face as moved his own hands to tease at Dean's nipples, eyes closing in pleasure, grip on wing joints lost. A small moan escaped him as contact was lost, but replaced with a louder one as Castiel took the bud in to his mouth and gave it a small suck, testing the waters. Satisfied at his reaction, he ran his tongue slowly across it, Dean's hand gripping his hair as more moans escaped him.
“I… That’s seriously messed up that your own
"It's not your fault Cas. Pwease, dop saying it. It was an akident, you didn't mean it." Then Dean succeed in getting his borrowed grace to do what he wanted, a feeling of reassurance washing over Castiel and he stopped worrying, slightly in awe that Dean had quickly managed to manipulate it. "We can fix it, jus' wiv books not magic." Castiel nodded, still feeling calm after Dean's experimentation, and tried to think which books would best be needed to fix their current situation.
Dean laughs again, shaking his head as he ruffles the fur between Castiel’s ears before letting his head fall back on the cushions of the sofa. He lets out a breath as he closes his eyes to match Castiel’s, the warmth from the fire and the comforting weight of the Familiar across his legs almost lulling him to sleep, hand absentmindedly working its way through his fur.
Jus- Please…
“Someone took Dean. Case related. I need your help to get him back.”
Dean’s hand began to card through his fur, the touch bringing Castiel’s heart rate down as he let his head drift to the floor.
Dean dragged a hand down his face, sighing as he did so. Who knew that getting up to pee would bring a completely different dilemma to the front of his mind? He sighed again, pulling on the cord that brought light to the tiny motel bathroom. Dean's wings slumped, the movement in the mirror catching his eye as he turned to look at them properly for the first time. The bleak light made it slightly more difficult for Dean to tell if the paler feathers were in fact white or a sickly pale yellow colour, but the various shades of brown were easy to distinguish. He turned this way and that, trying to catch more of the pattern before extending them as much as the small room allowed.
Castiel sunk to the floor, hiding his face behind his paws again, unable to help the whine that escaped him.
“I- I-” He sighed in resignation, hand dragging down his face. “Okay. You know I’m an Empath, rare as fuck, yada yada. I thought it was the coolest thing in the world when I found out that’s what I was. Safe to say there were…
More flowers sprang up at Dean’s feet as he continued to grumble, muttering under his breath as he turned away from Castiel and started to head back towards the exit of the park; flowers appearing each time his foot lifted from the grass. Castiel only watched as the trail appeared, tail picking up speed and swirling loose petals in to the air around him, casting an almost fairytale filter over Dean’s retreating figure. His breath was stolen from him as Dean turned back, scowl melting off his face as the dumbstruck feeling Castiel was experiencing washed over him.
Dean laughs as he pulls Castiel down again, hands finding their way underneath the trenchcoat to pull him closer until Castiel has to adjust his position. A weak keening noise comes from Dean as Castiel settles squarely on his lap, not breaking the kiss as all higher brain functions briefly stop working. Castiel pulls away a few seconds later, a goofy smile on his face as he looks back down at Dean with a pure look of affection on his face. The blush returns as he briefly glances away, hand covering his mouth to stifle the laugh that has Dean’s brow furrowing in confusion and sending a nervous spike across their bond.
“Any luck?”
“If I can distract them at all to help, I will.”
“Why would she take it from you?”
"Oday, Cas. One hour. But dat all." He climbed down from the bed, swaying slightly as he made his way back to the bathroom where Castiel had found him days ago. The door clicked softly behind him, and he climbed into the shower cubicle, thankful for the extra amount of privacy it gave him. He brought his knees up to under his chin and wings wrapped automatically around him, letting out a deflated sigh as he heard Castiel shuffling himself and papers about in the main part of their room. He surprised himself with a yawn, the instincts of the wings taking over of their own accord, moving so Dean had no choice but to lie down to be comfortable.
“I want you to have it. There’s no-one else I trust with it, and if anything were to ever happen, at least you’ll always have me with you.” The nonchalance in Castiel’s voice causes Dean’s brain to short circuit; staring at the former angel for a few seconds before he can fully process the information he’s been given.
“Yes. That's the only place where anything has been disturbed, and the powder is the same as when we killed the original witch.” Sam nodded, looking back to the ledge. There didn't seem to be anything special about the powder other than its colour, giving off no smell or any other indicators that would lead him to think it was. He sighed, the lack of information starting to annoy him, adding to his frustration that somewhere Dean was being held captive with God-knows-what happening to him.
“You're, um... Glowing?”
"That's it! Dammit, I was so close!" Castiel rolled his eyes as Dean sat back down, looking now at him with more interest than all the other times before. "And this is your shifted form, right? A massive dog? You sure it's not a wolf?"
“I don't understand...” Castiel shuddered, a cold chill running up his spine as he moved further in to the warehouse. Sam kept close, gun carefully trained in front of him, ready to strike if the need arose. It was eerily still, not even dust floating in the air, no sounds to indicate they were even going in the right direction. Castiel stopped, straining his ears to try and hear anything, something, even a pin drop.
“Come
“I beg your pardon?”
“What?” Dean turned back, a surprised look on his face and hands cupped. Blue flames danced across his palms, identical to the one Castiel had conjured just seconds ago.
“How am I gonna know when I’ve found them?”
“Good.” He turned back to Castiel, hand finding its way on to his shoulder. Castiel smiled, placing his own hand on top of Dean’s, squeezing it gently again before dropping it back to his side.
“I... Uh... I don't know, Cas. They've got me strung up, pinned down, something... Everything looks wrong and I can't even figure out which way is up.”
to talk about it, but… Let’s get home first, yeah?” Castiel nods, understanding clearly in his eyes as he brings Dean’s other hand to his lips to press a gentle kiss to his knuckles. He smiles as the blush intensifies on the hunter’s face, not letting go as he adjusts to continue their flight.
this. I’m never gonna hear the end of it.”
“Huh?” Castiel lets out a huff, moving his head back to rest on Dean’s legs rather than his chest.
“Because now I have a link with Dean, and I can follow it directly to where he's being kept. He's going to try and buy us more time if he it comes to it, but I don't want him to injure himself unnecessarily if I can help it.” Sam steeled himself, lifting his gun again.
“It- It’s not great, Dean. I’m not sure exactly where the injury is, or what… But it didn’t sound good. I can only hope that whatever it is isn’t difficult to fix.”
“I… You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to, I just…” Dean sighed, suddenly sounding incredibly weary. “You don’t deserve to be treated like that, y’know? Just ‘cause you’re
“... Dean?”
“I am here!”
It was five hours before Dean came back round, consciousness hitting him like a tonne of bricks and alerting Castiel with the groan that escaped the hunter. He sat up slowly, head in hands, then quickly doubled over as pain racked his abdomen, and he barely made it to the bathroom before the pain became so much that he was whimpering.
“Right. Okay.” Dean took a deep breath, calming himself down before opening his eyes again. “Now.
going to lose you again. And…” The words are on the tip of his tongue, waiting to spill over yet all Dean can do is pull Castiel impossibly closer. “Dammit, I’m such an idiot. You spent, what…? 11, 12 years thinking you could never have me? You’ve always had me, Cas - I was just too much of a dumbass to realise straight away. You told me you loved me, and then- And then you
(See the end of the chapter for
“I mean it, you have me, Cas. And you never have to worry about losing me again. Promise.” Dean adjusted his hand on Castiel’s face, meeting him halfway as he drew the angel in for a soft kiss. “Should have done that years ago too.”
“... My... Blades?” The words were coughed out, confusion tinting them.
bad at cooking!” Eileen gives Dean a look from behind the younger Winchester; Dean dissolving into a laughing fit as Sam throws the bitch face between the two of them. “Cas, back me up here?” Castiel all but ignores him, staring into the bottom of his cup with his own eyebrows raised towards his hairline.
“But-” Castiel rolled his eyes as he placed his hand over Dean’s mouth, slotting perfectly in the gap between his front and the stove.
“That is very true.” Dean let out a sigh, moving his arm but keeping his eyes closed as he absentmindedly ran his hand through Castiel’s fur again. “Getting wet sucks.” Castiel let out a huff of laughter as he shifted closer, tail thumping against the floor as he moved his head to look at Dean. The spattering of freckles across Dean’s nose captured his attention, tilting his head to look at them from differing angles, a brief flicker of embarrassment cascading over him as Dean opened his eyes and immediately furrowed his brow in confusion.
… Don’t make it any easier.” Castiel knelt down again, pressing two fingers to Dean’s forehead. Their eyes briefly flashed with grace as a low groan escaped Dean, blinking a couple of times to re-adjust to the light.
“Everything okay…?” Dean waved off Sam’s question, his own head tilting to match Castiel’s. Both sets of wings quivered as the lights above them flickered, Sam looking up again to the rafters to see if there was anything clearly obvious there to explain the flickering.
Dean came to slowly, both wings throbbing in various places as he tried to stretch them. A quick glance showed gaps where larger feathers were missing, and he felt bile rise in his throat, the sick feeling settling deep in his stomach at what had been done to him. He squirmed, trying to ease the ache across his shoulders, to at least try and make himself more comfortable. The pins keeping his wings in place made it impossible to do so, every small movement causing them to pull or push against the wounds that were already there, adding to the pain. Grace was still steadily leaking out, leaving Dean feeling weaker than he'd felt in a long time – the last time he could remember feeling so drained was when he had been caught by the Djinn. He let his head fall back against whatever the hell it was he was propped against – or was he lying on something? - closing his eyes again as a wave of tiredness washed over him. His mouth felt dry yet he swallowed thickly, trying to kick start his saliva glands in to doing something to get rid of the sticky feeling forming in his throat. It had surprised him how quickly he thought he had adapted to having wings, but the way he was stuck now had made him realise just how big a change they really were, and how unprepared for them he actually was. He made a mental note to ask Castiel how to hide them once he was out of this predicament, heart skipping a beat as he thought of the angel. Dean smiled as he remembered the feel of his hands running through his feathers, the grounded feeling it had given him, a sense that even with this change that everything would be okay.
"Don't you
"... What?" He moved his hand away, shifting so he was sat directly ahead of where Castiel was lay. "You… First words I hear from you, and they're
"Can I do that?" Castiel nodded, and Dean looked almost longingly at the now fixed lamp.
“Maybe they’ve brought coffee for you too, if you’re lucky. A peace offering?”
“What? Did I miss my mouth or something?”
Castiel stands again, shaking loose fur off himself as he stares down Naomi. The confused look on her face briefly morphs in to one of terror before settling back on confused; Castiel taking a step towards her as she unconsciously takes a step back. He glances down at himself, blue flames running up his legs as he stands straight, allowing the flames to engulf him before taking another step forward. He can feel the sensation of flames on his fur, looking down again before closing his eyes. The change back to human form takes less than a second, opening his eyes again to look down on Naomi, flames still coating his skin. He reaches out, clicking his fingers as she trembles in place.
Castiel huffed again, letting his amusement pass freely over the bond.
"Caas...!" He moved his wing back into Dean's reach, and the feeling of electricity happened again but Castiel didn't move this time. "They nice Cas. Why you hide dem?" Castiel hesitated.
“Witches.” Castiel growled the word out, panic turning to rage as he remembered the night that Dean had de-aged to begin with. At least he had a starting point now as to who had taken Dean, even if the why currently eluded him. He growled again, cursing himself for not even considering the one witch may have been part of a coven, making a mental vow to make sure none of them would be left alive for taking his hunter. He grabbed his phone, making quick work of putting the number in, hoping that they would pick up first ring.
” He moves back towards Dean, trying to shield him again as another fireball ignites in her hand, eyes never leaving it.
- couldn’t cast spells but I made damn sure that every little injury or problem could be dealt with.” Dean visibly deflated at the memory, sighing again as he wiped at his eyes with a little more force than Castiel thought was necessary.
"But-" Castiel pulled his nose from the book long enough to give Dean his own death-glare, one that Dean couldn't help think could rival Sam's.
“What d'you mean 'and no'?” Castiel looked down at the motel carpet, now trying to avoid the piercing green gaze that seemed to bore straight into him. “Cas, what d'you mean?” Dean's hand gently gripped the angel's chin, lifting his head so they were looking straight at each other.
“Is what mine?” Dean’s gaze stayed on the pot, stirring methodically.
“Um. I’m definitely something… Not sure if okay is the word.” Castiel placed his hand on Dean’s arm again, grounding him as he let out a shaky breath.
“Thank you.” His voice is hoarse from misuse, clearing his throat again before taking another step closer to Naomi. “Now. You’re going to turn around and leave. You’re never going to darken this doorstep again. If I find out you have… There’ll be hell to pay. Do we have an understanding?” Naomi only has a dark look in response, turning quickly and marching towards where the front door should have been. She paused in the doorway, hand gripping the frame as she glanced over her shoulder.
“Okay, we don't need that, do we? Surely we can talk about this, work something out?” The words went over the witch's head as she zeroed in on one of Dean's longer feathers, ghosting over it, purposely taking her time in choosing one. He felt sick as she stuck her hand in amongst them, running it down the spine of a particularly long feather. Dean looked away, eyes clenched tight as she moved on to another one, trying to ignore the crawling feeling having her hand in his wing was giving him. She began to hum, a light-hearted tune that did little to quell Dean's fears, breaking it with a small gasp.
"If you insist." He went to turn away, but Dean stopped him, the bright shade of red covering his face again.
“I’m gonna make that poultice. And it’s gonna stink, but I think it needs to be done, ‘cause your ankle is a lot more damaged than I thought if you still can’t put weight on it properly.” Dean paused, looking down at Castiel before sighing. “How the hell did you even end up this bad?”
“Yup. Don’t let go.”
Dean’s head lifts up from where it rests against Castiel’s, confusion clouding his features.
“Oh, wondering about those?” Dean grunted with the pain, trying to ignore the way the witch's hand felt clammy on his face. “One of my sisters stumbled across one of your blades... They make nice stakes once they're melted down and reforged. The heat you have to get them to though, you wouldn't believe.”
It’s liberating in a way Dean has never felt before, all cares and worries melting away as he lets the rhythmic beat of his wings carry him forwards. On the one or two occasions where he stutters; Castiel is immediately at his side so he isn’t alone as he gets his rhythm back, the gentle squeeze of a hand and a soft smile almost enough to make him lose the rhythm again. He still doesn’t know how he ended up so lucky, all things considered. To have his angel by his side, willing to do whatever it takes to ensure his safety - Dean’s heart flips as he realises that the feeling goes both ways. It briefly makes him falter again, Castiel by his side to help him as the hunter merely looks on in pure adoration.
“Trust me Bobby, I didn’t want it to go down that way either. I had plans - hell, I had an actual proper job lined up for when that hunt was over… I finally had my out.” He sighed as he took another long drink from the bottle, purposely ignoring the way Bobby was looking at him. “Least it seems better here than the last time I saw it. No more individual Heavens?” Bobby took his own drink before lowering the bottle, watching a water droplet run down the side before turning back to Dean.
“Okay. It's a start at least.” He turned to Castiel, still twirling the feather between his fingers. “Have you been back to that warehouse, checked there's nothing there that might help us?” Castiel didn't respond, still staring in to space. Sam walked over, gently but firmly taking the feather away and earning a strange squawking noise from the angel. Confusion briefly flickered across his face at the noise, but he chose to ignore it in favour of getting answers out of Castiel.
“Pull over.” The urgency in Dean’s voice has Castiel’s eyes opening the quickest they ever have, turning to look at the hunter with concern written deeply across his features. Sam also spares a quick glance backwards, brow furrowed in confusion.
“I suppose we should let them know we’re awake now, really. Unless you'd rather that peace offering go cold?” Dean kisses Castiel’s knuckles, soft smile still on his face as he looks down at the former angel. There’s a grumble as he moves into a sitting position, rolling his eyes as Dean just laughs at him again.
“That was really sappy, y’know that?"
Castiel stopped, shoulders slumping. He was certain the warehouse had not been such a maze of corridors and dead ends the last time he was here, and being unable to get any further in was starting to frustrate him. He could feel the same frustration rolling off Sam, as well as the little huffs coming from the hunter every now and again. His wings bristled every time he heard one, adding to his growing irritation, trying his hardest not to turn and snap at the frequency of them.
“If it can keep me hidden from Sam - who, frankly, is the most powerful witch I’ve
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The smell of smoke brought Dean back to his senses, the burning in his shoulders almost a welcome feeling that helped him know that for now he was still alive. He blinked a few times, vision staying stubbornly blurry as a fresh wave of pain rippled across his shoulders, gritting his teeth as he waited for it to subside.
“I’m looking at you like that because you’re beautiful… And all these flowers - the petals frame you perfectly - it makes you look like you’re straight from a fairytale. It’s breathtaking.” Surprise crosses their bond at how easily the words fall from Castiel’s lips, more blooms surrounding their feet as Dean closes the gap between them again, earning a surprised noise from the Familiar. Castiel can’t help the smile when they pull apart again, dropping his hands to his side only to have one immediately taken by Dean, a gentle kiss placed on his knuckles before being guided towards where the Impala was dutifully waiting for them.
“No. You’re free of Naomi, so technically you could go wherever you wanted. But… I want you here. Kinda got used to having you around, even if it’s not like this.” Castiel moves his hands from his pockets, linking them at the small of Dean’s back as he burrows his head in to the crook of his neck.
Dean clapped, half jumping up from where he was sat.
“Nothing! Although I think you might have been right about it being drawn to me.” Dean looked at his lap, turning the book over in his hands. “It’s weird though - I can’t feel it anymore. Not in the same way… It’s obviously magic, and it had a
“This is purely to help your ankle, you’re allowed to tell me to sod off-”
“Dean… We’re in the middle of nowhere. Why the hell d’you want me to stop here?”
“Thanks Cas.” Dean smiles back, hand out again for the next item. “I am still not used to how much easier this is now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Can always see if Sam can pick some more up before he gets back?”
“Cas…
“Shit.”
“Uh, guys? I think that’s the way out.” He points, squinting at it again.
“Having part of your true form pulled to this plane is not exactly what I'd call pleasant, but I should be fine.” He stood properly, stretching, wings extending to their fullest while Sam stared before they settled in to a relaxed position behind him. “This also might make getting to Dean slightly more difficult now.”
“Gonna assume that’s all you’re gonna tell me about that too, isn’t it?” A knowing smile was the only answer before Bobby picked his bottle up again, taking a long drink from it before letting out a satisfied sigh. Dean couldn’t help the small laugh as he sat back in his chair, content with the silence between himself and the older hunter, basking in the warmth the sun had to offer.
“Either keep still or shut the hell up, you son of a bitch!” His voice echoed off the walls, the rumble stopping briefly. He sighed as he put his head back down, eyes closing as he slowly let the breath out. He was getting tired of being stuck here now, being poked and prodded at, being toyed with. Hell, he was angry about it. He was angry that it seemed to be taking Castiel and Sam so long to find him, and he was definitely going to give them a piece of his mind when they got to him. The rumble started again as he lifted his head up, groaning in frustration.
” The smile on Dean’s face is infectious, it creeping on to Castiel’s face as he looks down towards the floor, trying his hardest to ignore the blush he can feel working its way across his cheeks.
-------------------------------------------
"Wove you, Cas." He faltered. Words that as a normal human would never have passed the hunter's lips said so freely as a small fledgling, and they tugged on Castiel's heartstrings. Words that meant so much to the older angel, that he knew would never be said once Dean was fixed. Castiel gave Dean an almighty squeeze, kissing the top of his hair before finding the courage to return the words.
“... Dean?” Even laced with sleep, the angel's gravelly tone did things to Dean.
. We’ll find him.” Dean growled, wings puffing up more than Sam had seen so far, feathers quivering with anger. He couldn’t stop the grace from showing in his eyes, Sam taking a subconscious step back at the way his brother was behaving.
“Human birthdays are the day they’re born, correct?”
“The rain. Figure we make a run back to Baby while there’s a break in it, go home… Dry off?” He leaves the unspoken
yourself now without having to worry about whether you’re gonna upset anybody.”
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Go on kid, go nuts.” He doesn’t expect the hug that comes flying in his direction, only just moving his cup out of the way in time to avoid coffee going everywhere.
“Tsk, tsk, tsk. You just don't listen, do you?” The voice seemed to circle Dean, coming from everywhere and nowhere all at once, and Dean closed his eyes to stop himself feeling dizzy. “You killed our sister, took away our source of feathers... Now, you're our replacement. And if we can avenge our sister by using you, then so be it. Her death won't be completely in vain.” A strong hand gripped Dean's jaw and his eyes flew open, staring directly in to glassy green eyes, a sense of dread creeping in to him. His wings twitched, fight or flight instinct trying to kick in but the nails just dug deeper, and Dean was sure he could see grace seeping out of the wound.
” Dean’s voice is quiet but insistent, bordering on pleading, and Castiel crumbles as he lets out a soft whine. “Oh,
“Okay.” He opened and closed his hand a few more times, laughing again to himself. “That’s cool.”
If you haven't read this before, understand two things:
“Dean.”  Cas’s voice sounds soft and the touch of his fingers on Dean’s cheek are just as gentle.  “Dean, look at me.”
At this, Dean stunned both of them by giving a hearty chuckle.  “Cas pictures himself as Heaven’s Naughtiest Angel, I think.  Makes him feel brave.”
Something strange in Dean’s voice had Castiel quirking his head to the side to regard his friend’s face, determinedly kept in profile to the angel.  Castiel hummed a bit as he considered the question.
"So …" Dean stuttered, "so … was that my dream … or you?"
“Dean?  Dean?
Cas scowls but lets Dean pull him back in.
“No,” he said, his amusement showing in his voice.  “You did just fine.”
Dean whimpers something that might be a yes.
Cas smiles a bit, but lays a hand against Dean’s cheek; his palm feels cool against Dean’s heated skin.
.  Dude’s a freaking
dick, obviously,” insert signature cocky smirk, “but I’ve, uh, recently come to the conclusion that I also enjoy dick.  Mostly Cas’s,” smirk increases tenfold, “but that was the most recent part of the discovery and—”
Hell on his damn knees in freaking
“Finally made it back from wherever angels go when they come, huh?” he chortled.  “Thought I’d lost you there for a minute.”
“Cas?  Where?”
After a quiet flutter of wings, Castiel was gone and Dean busied himself placing the guitar back in its case and the case back in the trunk of the Impala.  A smile quirked up his lips as he refolded the lyrics and placed them safely in the inner pocket of his leather jacket.  Dean walked back across the parking lot and into his hotel room on shaky legs, but he couldn’t seem to stop humming as he closed the door behind him.
Because Dean’s survival meant everything to him and he had nothing but that left to lose, the angel did something he hadn’t done in quite some time: Castiel, fallen so far from Grace, turned his face to the sky and prayed to his Father.
my eyes transformed the wanness of her features.
Castiel brought their foreheads together again.  “I cannot stay,” he whispered.  “I have things I must do.”
Cas’s brow wrinkles and he lays two fingers to Dean’s temple.  “Are you delirious in some way I’m unable to detect?”
“Oh, that’s not a front.  That’s Damian; he’s a regular and mostly harmless.  He always looks like that.  Seriously, that’s what he wears to the grocery store.  If being a Slutty Brony makes him happy,” the kid shrugs, “scream away, Skanky Unicorn.”
Castiel's brows furrowed even further. "I don't—"
What to do, then?  Heal his friend now and halt the terrible march of internal damage so that he may sleep comfortably, even though Castiel couldn’t save him from the nights full of quakes?  Save his Grace’s power on the assumption that he may have to heal a future injury?  Either way, his friend would suffer because Castiel was weak and could not be all that Dean needed him to be.  Because despite years of lessons to teach him otherwise, Castiel kept making mistakes whose costs were always paid out by the person who deserved it the least.
Dean focuses on breathing.  It seems the only sensible thing to do when your same sex best friend has you pinned to a wall in a seedy motel, discussing your bisexuality crisis fantasies and threatening to Fifty Shades of Grey you into orgasmic oblivion.  He’s not completely sure about the orgasming part, but pretty god-damned certain, considering that Cas hasn’t taken his hand away from Dean’s face and leers at Dean like he intends to devour him.  That and the extremely suggestive fact that Dean is at least 93% sure that he feels a raging hard-on pressed against him where Cas straddles his thigh.
it.  But, he supposed, if anyone was going to hear it ….  Dean chuckled a bit as he thought about Cas’s wording.  That was their friendship in a nutshell, really.  He hadn’t tried to wheedle or demand that Dean play the song, and yet, the hunter felt he didn’t really have a choice in the end.  So he raised the guitar, cleared his throat, and forced his fingers to move across the frets as he began the song.
It was all Dean, really.  When it came right down to it, the flesh he inhabited felt like a body instead of a temporary vehicle because of Dean.  The hunter had always treated him as the celestial being he was but at the same time as something apart from the rest of his kin.  The attitude was contagious, it seemed.  More than that, Dean had introduced Castiel – often forcefully – to sensations and actions and feelings that he doubted many other angels had ever experienced.  The elder Winchester’s own humanity invaded his being, weaving intoxicating, seductive tendrils into his essence until he could hardly separate the writhing strands of emotion and experience from his ethereal spirit.  He hardly wanted to prize the two apart anymore; the very definition of what “Castiel” had come to mean was underwritten by Dean Winchester’s hand.
"I'm concerned at the use of the word 'tit', but go on," Sam says with a rueful smile.
Castiel stared down at his folded hands resting on his crossed legs and digested this for a moment.  Something ached in his chest at Dean’s words, not only because he had called Castiel “good” despite all of his faults and wrongdoings but because his friend consciously wished for him such a beautiful first sexual experience.   After a moment, though, a small smile worked its way across Castiel’s face.
friend; and since Dean didn’t have all that many friends, he needed to protect the ones he had.  Because that was just the way he worked: Dean protected the people he lo—
“Laughingstock?” Dean asks, baffled.  “How are you a laughingstock?  And brethren?  How would anyone even—?”
“Statistically speaking,” the angel piped up in his usual low rumble, “that would be your—”
brave, Dean.  I
“I didn’t,” Cas whispered, a dry rasp.  “I heard you.”
The hunter mutely shook his head, his jaw dropping just a minute amount as he stared down into the seraph’s fixed gaze.
“Hey, Hot Wings—”
"Stop it!" he demands, thrusting a finger under Dean's nose.  "Stop being so sexy and perfect!"
Castiel took the digits into his mouth instantly, laving them without thought to seduction but rather a mindless need to follow Dean’s demand before the man came to his senses and stopped this entirely.  His heart hammering within his borrowed ribs, Castiel darted his tongue between each of the three fingers, coating each one with as much saliva as he could; he couldn't guess at the need for it, but Dean had said as wet as he could manage so Castiel did as he was asked.  The hunter stifled a few hiccupping moans in the hair behind Castiel's ears; he felt Dean's erection throb against the curve of his rear as Dean drew his fingers from the angel's mouth.
Cas gives him a lopsided smirk.  “Yes, Dean.  But not today.”
“So these would help?”
“You want something, Dean?” The feigned innocence in Castiel’s voice has the hunter twitching further in the angel’s hand, moaning at the sensation.
“Threat still stands, Sammy. Drive her like an asshole, and I will smite you. I'll be checking.”
“Tha- That’s… Of all the days you
He stepped in to the room just as she began to rise out of the chair, irritation clearly written on her face. Castiel stood where he was, frozen, unconsciously trembling as she came closer. He swallowed thickly, trying to make himself look smaller, less of a target for her anger. It didn't work; Naomi putting all of her fury in to the punch that sent Castiel sprawling out of the room. He stumbled, knocking in to the wall behind him, pulling the pictures down with him as he fell. His sprained ankle screamed in pain, growling at the sensation as he landed, earning another punch from Naomi.
“I don’t know what you’re playing at, or what your game is here, but rest assured… I am going to get this
“Luckily, I think I have a way to find your brother now, but we need to move. If they're taking feathers like this one, then I have no doubt that these witches are attempting something big, and they need to be stopped.” He pocketed both feathers before handing the angel blade stake back to Sam. “This way.”
“Promise.” The smile on Dean’s face warmed Castiel, another small bundle of flowers springing up beside them as his tail began to pick up speed. “Now come on. Let’s go home.”
“What the fuck?” He shrugged, favouring trying to get out of the binds, ignoring the increasing volume that still sent a shiver down his spine. He was so focused on the bind that he didn’t notice one of the witches coming in on the other side of him until she was right by him, her breath in his ear snapping all his attention to her. She tutted, waving her hand over the work Dean had managed to do, the tension slamming his arms back down again with more force than before. He hissed at the pain, groaning as the metal bit in to his wrists.
Cas dutifully says what he’s supposed to say because he’s unable not to, and Dean swears a blue streak. By this point, Dean should have stabbed him and Bobby should have taken a swing. There are no tracks for him to follow. He can’t move.
Oh gross she’s definitely taking advantage of your friend’s mental health. You can try telling him that, but I’ve been in a similar situation and manipulators are really good at what they do. If all else fails make sure you stay in touch with him so he has an escape route when he really needs one.
“I’m in this for the long haul. Capiche? You are not doing this alone on my watch.”
Dean clears his throat and continues not looking at Cas’s face.
I only have one question…. FBI or CIA???
It’s slow, the way they crash into each other, but it’s right. When they get in the car Dean will have one hand on the wheel and the other will rest on Cas’s knee, and that will be right too. They’ll stop in town at a burger joint Dean thinks Cas will like and pick up food to eat at home, but Dean will acquiesce to eating the fries in the car because they’ll go bad by the time they get back, and it will be right. From this moment onward, a long line of right that they chose and fought for and get to live.
Dean works his jaw before laying a hand on Cas’s shoulder.
“Cas, buddy, you with me?”
The comet continues on its path before the monkey can say anything else. But it watches. The monkey does have extra jackets. The monkey is oddly passionate about food and film and music and cars. Sometimes the monkey sits on the roof when the comet's too far away to be heard, praying, chatting, to the big hunk of space ice. Sometimes the monkey sits on the roof when the comet is close enough to be heard, and before he can ask, the comet says. Yes. Every night.
We got rings a month after we started going steady. Like I said all we're missing is the paper
A wet laugh.
The gf’s definitely not great but you’re not great either for knowing your friend was going through crisis and not stepping in to help
My kid thought it was fun. Who cares if it’s R it’s a good movie and if they’re a teenager and you’re watching it with them there’s nothing to worry about
Uh. No they didn’t. Forget what I said, your brother isn’t jealous, he has real issues with your dad because your dad abused the two of you.
The comet is cold, objectively, as measured by instruments and heat maps and defined in name. But it doesn't feel it.
Pause. This is the first relationship for both of you, you haven’t even been married for a year, and you already have two kids?
Dean sniffles against Cas’s neck and doesn’t release his hold.
He walks through the barn doors. He crosses the space between him and Dean. Bobby isn’t there, and Dean doesn’t shoot.
Dude you need to chill out. It was a stupid comment but you overreacted
I (M 30s) have a friend C (M 30s) and our mutual friends have started making jokes about us being together. We are both straight. My friend’s kind of on the spectrum, so the jokes go right over his head and don’t bother him. I, on the other hand, mind.
omgggg this is straight out of a fic
Castiel blinks, and he goes from a warded room to a void. The Empty is standing in front of him, hands in its pockets, a perfect replica of Meg. It smiles.
“Thank you for saying it now.”
Dean nods.
In the last month or so a childhood friend of mine hit rock bottom. He’s had a lot of bad moments in his life but this was really it for him. Permanently lost friends, permanently did a lot of things he’s going to spend the rest of his life making up for and having nightmares about. He’s kicked the habit he was on and he’s doing the whole amends thing which is why he reached out to me. We got to talking because he doesn’t have a whole lot of people in his corner right now, and he mentioned that rock bottom was the first time he hooked up with guys. I didn’t really know what to make of that. I’m out of my depth. What should I say to him?
you’ve been mistaken for gay, your best friend is a lesbian, and your friends are making jokes about you having a boyfriend? are you sure you’re not dating C?
Castiel is in a field and Dean is clinging to him, which does not match the previous slot in his memory, where Dean is on the floor and slack jawed and Cas is joining a void. He clings back to Dean, because it feels like the right thing to do.
The comet doesn't know what to say to this, so it doesn't.
Castiel is in a room with Crowley, Raphael, and the Winchesters. Crowley understands what’s happening, and he flees. Castiel turns Raphael into a smear, because that’s what you do when you are more powerful than an archangel. He remembers how it felt like his blood was singing. Energy turned into actions turned back into the rush in his veins, the thrill felt in absolutely every atom contained inside the vessel that was him. The vessel that was God. This was before the aching, before every second was spent trying to keep his seams together as the souls ripped him apart. He turns to the Winchesters. Dean’s voice is level, but his heart is hammering as he asks Castiel to give up his hold on his power. And then he’s not asking, he’s begging, he’s cashing in on every bond they have and saying please don’t make me lose you too. And Castiel knows there’s no changing this, knows that everything inside him was always going to make things play out the way they did. It still hurts when he tells Dean they’re not family. It hurts when he knows what comes next is Sam in pain, living through hell every day, as a direct consequence to Castiel’s arrogance.
Been trying to get my buddy into some of the classics and he’s just not interested. Any recs for ones that your friend/kid/wife likes even though this isn’t usually their style?
There’s a crash of thunder that rattles the roof.
That’s a complicated situation with bad timing on top of everything. As long as you explained what was happening and tried to help him when he left, NTA.
cause this is either you ctrl f replacing “i” with “my friend” or it’s about the guy you keep posting about who’s probably into you. either way “friend” is gay
Crazy but wasn’t his girlfriend
r/vent
Castiel is walking in step with Benjamin and Mirabel and Ishim. He knows heaven has deemed their mission necessary. He knows it’s not right for a child to die for the crime of being a nephilim. He knows that this child will die because an angel saw a human and decided
r/relationships
Dean gives one of his uglier snorts.
Uncomfortable with the idea of him being interested in you, abandoned him in his mental health scare, tried to drive a wedge between him and his girlfriend who ACTUALLY cared about him. YTA in all 3.
Fuck you. My life isn’t a fictional thing that exists for you to play around with and find entertaining.
Yep that’s my huckleberry
Dean’s grip shifts, and he pulls away. He glances at Cas’s face, and then redirects his gaze to the floor. Cas loves him. Cas knows how hard this is, how Dean only says things like this when he thinks someone’s dying, or through prayer, when he thinks no one’s listening. Cas always listens, and he always lets it lie when Dean stiffens as he realizes Cas really heard him.
“I always wanted to trust you. It just—it hurt, man. To get sidelined like that. To tell you that I’d always have your back and to get turned down. And I know you had your reasons, but I’d get mad about it, and then next time you really needed me I was still pissed. And I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have been. I should have listened to Sam or you or anyone telling me to get over it, because you’re worth sucking up my pride for. You’re you. You’re my best friend. You made me happy for the first time in a long time. And even when things were going to shit, I liked knowing I had you. I can’t—I can’t do this again, Cas. I can’t know you’re gone.”
The books are like a million pages! Of course I didn’t read them but I still think Tyrion should end up as king
“Okay. Round three.”
Yeah I’m pretty sure I know what’s going on in my own romantic life more than a stranger does.
“That’s right. You’re too good for my help. I’m just a walking blasphemy.”
I dont know what that means. I’m straight.
That’s a very Dean thing to say. Cas aches for him. He wants to tell Dean it’s still not his fault, that he doesn’t have to do this anymore. There’s no obligation here. But he doesn’t say that. He says
You need to get him out of that situation NOW before it gets worse. Whisk him away in the middle of the night, block her number, change the locks, the whole nine yards.
Dean gestures between the two of them.
“We need to talk, Dean. Alone.”
You should recreate your first date! It shows that you remember your history and that your relationship is important to you.
The situation was complicated but trust me when I say I did as much as possible. There was nothing I wanted more than to help him get the help he needed
[checks post history] uh… is this the m30s friend that everyone thought was your boyfriend?
The monkey ignores this.
I’m so stoked about Evil Sexy being back. I’m pretty sure the plot about his clone farm is going to be important in the finale.
I'm not an angel anymore, Cas wants to say, wants to point to the comets he can still feel in the sky and all the parts they have that he lost while accidentally diving onto this wonderful little planet. Dean ignores him.
I'm sorry I trusted Metatron, Cas wants to say. Dean ignores him.
My brother and dad had issues but my dad never hurt him
What? He said his friend is a recovering addict. Do you think every person who’s been a recovering addict for a whopping month has access to therapy? Try actionable advice next time.
definitely troll lol
r/aita
The comet says You should show me some respect to the monkey.
Yes and yes but they didn’t think we were dating they were just being douchebags. Rough patch has nothing to do with the girlfriend, she’s out of the picture, and nothing to do with his breakdown, he’s stable now.
YTA your friend WAS AT YOUR HOUSE to move in with you and you told him to leave? YTA YTA YTA
“Come to kill me after all?”
your “friend”s gay dude lol
Everyone worries about their first! I think it would help if you got a little more specific with your question: what part of parenting are you worried about? How to set boundaries? What to do when they go moody teen on you? Eating their veggies? :)
Cas is outside of a barn covered in sigils.
“Alright. You’re in a loop, right? No big, we’ll just get you out of it. Shouldn’t be a big deal for a stubborn ass like you.”
I bet you'd look pretty.
The comet is large, objectively, estimated through formulas and photos. It doesn't feel that either, but an awareness of its size emerges because of the way the monkey tilts his head up to take all of the comet in.
-met m41
Thousands of years of mythology, worship, study. All stripped away. Big hunk of space ice.
-m41 starts straight up hallucinating and meets Concussion Girl who becomes his best friend
r/askreddit
Why do people keep humoring this guy? It takes two seconds to figure out his account is just a creative writing exercise.
“Your friend isn’t hurt.”
and watches as Dean beams and laughs before pulling Cas in for another bone crushing hug. The blank space Cas has in his head slowly starts to fill in. His worst memories on repeat until Dean fought his way through just so he could ask Cas to come back. And Cas said yes, because he loves Dean, and Jack, and their friends, and the earth.
-has gone through at least two near death experiences
Dean doesn’t ask who he is like he’s supposed to. He throws his arms around Castiel before he pulls away, hands still on Castiel’s shoulders. He examines Castiel’s face for something.
, and he watches as Dean’s eyes go wide and a smile starts on his face and
The comet has never had to say this before. This is the first monkey it's seen who doesn't know what it is, who doesn't regard it with awe and fingers that stretch its way before curling back in fear.
it’s kind of not cool that your friends are making fun of your friend and then are just not explaining it to him because he has autism… you’re like morally obligated to let him know what’s going on
Sure says the monkey. Big hunk of space ice.
r/cartalk Yeah go for the DIY. It’s always cheaper to do it when you’ve got the parts. A repair like that’ll only take a few hours. Plus you don’t have to trust somebody else not to mess things up
Dean nods.
“Castiel. Here you are. You do know what happens next, don’t you?”
Why the scare quotes around friend
The comet falls into the ocean, and Cas claws his way to the surface and gasps for air. Dean is sloshing his way towards him and yelling words of encouragement. They meet halfway, in water shallow enough that Cas bobs just above the sand.
Wait, so are you saying your dad used to hurt only YOU? And you’re upset that your brother didn’t immediately valorize the man when he died? Ok, this is above reddit’s paygrade. Your dad was definitely abusive and if you’re downplaying him hitting you then there’s definitely other abuse that your brother hasn’t forgiven him for and you haven’t realized is abuse. See a therapist.
OK, things we know about OP:
“I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition.”
Op i am begging you to provide context for all of this
There’s not nearly enough info here to make a judgement call. When you say strict do you mean he grounded you for swearing or do you mean he hit you? From what you’ve said it sounds like this stems from you being closer to your dad than your brother was and his jealousy is playing out in weird ways. I get why you don’t want to speak ill of the dead especially after they died for you and it’s not your fault your brother has unresolved issues with your dad.
“Right. We’ll take another swing at this. You’re coming home, Cas. You’re not done. You don’t want to stay here. You did what you had to do for Jack. I get it. Believe me, I get it. But Jack’s the big dog in town now. No one’s ever gonna take him somewhere he doesn’t want to be. So come home. Come home with me.”
It is night, and Castiel is standing under a streetlamp. The sidewalk he’s on is clear, but snow blankets everything else. It’s far from pure: most of it is trodden, boot prints punched through from a day of people trudging through it. He says “Anna, please,” and the lights flicker around him, and he thinks,
Got my first place. Been living on the road until now. What should I be buying that I’m not gonna figure out on my own?
r/gay
He knows what he’s supposed to say, the words lined up and ready behind his lips. When he swallows them, they’re still there. They want so badly to keep him on the right path, the one that he was on all those years ago. But the moment to say them has come and gone, and he’s still silent.
Dean’s head spun as his angel kissed him, pressing their bodies together in the water that rose with every swell of the song rising around him.  That’s when Dean realized that it was Castiel’s whole being that sung to him, clasping them together in a grip as tight as a vice but soft as lace.  Smooth as silk.  Plush as velvet.  Dean felt the angel’s body glide against his in the ebb tide of the water, a huff of breath leaving his mouth as he gripped the slighter man’s hips and felt the heat of his body match Dean’s.  Castiel’s lips quirked up in a tiny smile before catching the hunter’s again in a branding kiss.
made a bet with you on Dean’s bisexuality?” Cas gapes.
“I am in love with you,” Dean blurted in a husky whisper, seemingly without thought but Castiel knew better.
leave his mouth when Cas turns, slots their erections next to each other, and starts up a tight rotation of his hips, chafing his length against Dean’s in a way that makes Dean’s eyes cross.
The very first time he had “slept” next to Dean, it was just Castiel’s arm.  Dean had rolled onto his side at some point during the night, and Castiel awoke to find his friend’s forehead pressed to the round of muscle at his shoulder, the hunter’s left arm wound around his with his hand clutching Castiel’s and his right hand clutching a fistful of shirt at the middle of Castiel’s chest.  The sleeve of his scrubs fluttered lightly against his bicep with each of Dean’s measured breaths.  Castiel turn his head as minutely as possible to try to gain a glimpse of the hunter’s face, trying to suss out whatever had motivated him to cling to the angel as if afraid he would evaporate as soon as the hunter closed his eyes.  No answer presented itself as his friend’s face reflected the unlined reposed  of sleep.  Perhaps more than he had ever seen before, and that from several years of watching the man rest.  Despite his position, Dean looked … content.  Castiel raised his unoccupied hand from the ground, had it halfway to Dean’s cheek before he noticed the way it trembled so he let it fall back to the groundcover of leaves.  Dean woke not long after and, upon realizing his rather telling body position, tightened his jaw, gave Castiel a single inscrutable look, then untangled himself and rose to begin his day as if the previous events were not at all unusual.
I’m not projecting that’s the answer people gave me. Every time someone made some quip about me and my brother checking into a hotel together and I pushed them on it that’s the answer they gave for why they thought I was gay.
r/recipes I can tell you right now that your burger is gonna look great but your mouth is going to be so sad
r/homeimprovement
-m41 becomes homeless at the same time younger brother is almost dying and is on the run from people who want to kill younger brother
“I do too. I should have said it before.”
Well, you can do just that! :) You can pick a time to do an activity he likes with him, and then use that time to talk to him about things you want him to know. I have those sorts of talks with my son when we’re baking--chocolate chips will get him to stick around even if he’s not too keen on the conversation :)
Hahahaaa dude’s mad because his friend is dating his ex
This monkey isn't an astronomer. This monkey says You look cold.
r/vinyl
My (m 30s) friend (m 30s) is in his first relationship and is in over his head. I’ve known his girlfriend longer than he has and all she does is screw people over. You know how everyone has that story about the girl they knew who stole everyone’s wallets then stabbed somebody and got off scott free somehow? That’s this girl. Literally, the first time we met she knocked me out and stole my stuff. My friend knows all this, and he’s still smitten. GF friggin loves this, and loves the fact that I think they should split. They got together when he was having a psychotic episode or nervous breakdown or whatever it’s called. Dude was hallucinating 24/7 and he latched onto her because she happened to be around and gave him his meds and talked to him. How do I get it through his head that this is a really terrible idea?
Very unbiased of you to leave out the part where he was uncomfortable with people thinking he was gay for his /brother/. Those posts are several years old, and OP has clearly changed since. If you look through all his posts instead of cherry picking, he was raised extremely isolated with just his brother and abusive dad. Not everyone grows up in an LA hippie commune. He was exposed to new views, and then he confronted his internal bigotry and changed it.
r/family
your friend should be focusing on working through all these things in therapy… you’re not emotionally obligated to be his processor for his problems
“I’m not giving up on you. I have before and it’s the worst thing I’ve ever done to you.”
Veyr drunk while Im writing this but I think Ive loved someone for way closer to ten years than Im comfortable with and it doesnt even matter because hes physically incapable of feeling like that and he’s dead anyway so who fucking cares. I cant tell anyone about this and I cant deal with him being gone and Im just not going to do this anymore.
-met a girl who hit him in the head, took his wallet, and then continued to see her around
My (m 30s) friend (m 30s) is going through kind of a rough patch. When I found out, I told him he could stay with me and my brother. Right before he got here, my brother (m 30s) was in a really bad accident and I’ve been busy taking care of him. I can’t go into specifics, but part of my friend’s rough patch was that there are people looking for him who would hurt my brother, and so I let my friend stay for dinner and then told him he had to go. If I had let him stay and they had found my friend, my brother would have died. Me and my friend have talked off and on since, and it seems like he’s gotten his shit together, but he still seems pretty distant and upset. AITA?
r/parenting
He feels a surge of affection, immediately followed by a pang. He had missed Anna, after she had fallen, though he hadn’t dared to speak that to anyone. She was his sister, his commander, and even when he hadn’t understood her, he had loved her. He wants to tell her that. He wants to say something different this time. He had struggled to understand back then, struggled to throw off everything he’d ever known even as it made discordant clangs when put against what seemed to be right. But he understands now, and he should have understood enough then to ally with his sister. But he doesn’t say anything he wishes he said. Anna still touches his shoulder before her face goes cold.
Dean grimaces.
I have to ask op is this the m30s from all your other posts????
. All he can do is say the words and listen to the screams and think about how Akobel and Anna both managed to be brave earlier, all the lives that would be spinning on if only he had done the same.
Cas doesn’t want to do this to him. Dean rarely talks about the times when Cas was gone, really gone, but his voice wrecks the rare times he does, and Cas has pieced together that Dean’s grief is hard and everlasting and mixes dangerously with his worst fears about himself. And Cas—he wants to live again. He wants to see Jack again, wants to see his friends, wants to live a life that allows him to see years and years of good moments that haven’t come yet. So he nods. Dean catches that and his spine straightens and the hand on Cas’s sleeve becomes tighter.
C’s married with a kid he’s obviously straight you’re just easily offended
Post history for LiketheGun79
r/askreddit
There’s a lot to unpack here so let’s just go with the tried and true: divorce.
I wanna get this out of the way now: I’m not homophobic. My best friend’s a lesbian, C’s daughter is a lesbian, and they’re both the coolest people on earth. I’d still be uncomfortable if our friends were making jokes about me dating a woman in our circle of friends, which I know because it’s happened and I told them to cut it out. Is there a way to cut these jokes down without having to explain to my friend that they’re joking about us dating / it being super awkward?
It sounds like he’s prioritizing his recovery and not his sexuality, and you should follow his lead. While having a label can be freeing, building a sober life should come first. Best wishes to your friend. I’m praying for him.
“You… all that stuff you said. Before. About how you feel. You’re not, uh. It’s.”
We need a lot more info to even begin making a call on that one. You said he lost a lot of friends. He might have just been in a vulnerable position where he wanted intimacy no matter where it came from. He might have just cared that little about the norms that he’s usually more aware of. We really can’t say, that’s a very personal thing. I would just make sure he knows that you’re a part of his circle now and you care about him no matter what and you’re available to listen.
"Dean... Your questions are distracting, and you do not want to be like this forever, do you?" Dean shook his head, not turning around. "Just an hour without any questions, and then I will answer any and all questions until they meet your satisfaction." Castiel turned back to the book he had been reading, listening intently for the noise of Dean unfolding his wings.
“No, no, don't stop. That... That feels really... Really good, Cas.” Castiel grinned and resumed where he had left off, revelling in the little noises that escaped Dean every now and again that spurred him on. At some point his own wings had materialised, the ends gently resting on top of Dean's that had the hunter releasing a low moan. He laughed to himself and moved his hands further in to Dean's wings, eyes catching on the glistening that had appeared at the join between wing and skin. His eyes widened as he subconsciously moved one hand towards it, angling his hand to get a better feel of it. Dean let out a guttural moan as he grazed it, fingers coming away coated in clear fluid that his brain was telling him was very distinctly 'DEAN'. He sniffed it, assaulted by the smell of apple pie, leather and gun cleaner, and before his brain could register what he was doing, he had both fingers in his mouth, trying to get as much as he could. He hummed happily around his fingers, not noticing Dean opening his eyes and staring at the sight in front of him. His jaw hung open in disbelief, the sight sending all of the blood in his body towards his groin almost instantaneously.
“Dealt with. She won’t be coming back.” Castiel smiled, almost looking bashful as he let his arm drop to his side. “I’m free, Dean.”
"My apologies Dean. Your question?"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“I… More, Cas… I-
“... Dean Winchester, you are an idjit.”
He groaned as he stood, ankle throbbing and palm dripping as he hobbled towards the door. He made a mental note to come back and clean the blood up once he'd finished in the other room, hoping that whatever Naomi had thrown around wouldn't cause him any more injury and slow him down. He was expecting nothing more than an upturned altar and papers thrown around, the other usual victim of her outbursts, the smell of magic gone wrong drifting down the hallway. Steeling himself, Castiel gently opened the door as a wave of angry magic rolled over him, dissipating in to the hall. He shuddered as it passed, shaking it off to step in to the room. The door was firmly closed behind him so no more could escape, and he let out a sigh. The image in front of him wasn't far off his imagination - the altar had been upturned and papers were strewn about the room, ingredients littered across the carpet - yet there was something about the scene that surprised him. There was a small book in the centre of the room, screaming at Castiel at being very out of place, making his hair stand on end. Amongst all the mess, it looked as though it had been placed perfectly in the middle of the room, almost daring him to come closer.
“I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition.”
Hippie crap incoming, LOL. There’s no right or wrong way to parent. You can read all the books and ask for all the advice but it’s all going to contradict each other. There’s no “right” way to do it, there’s just making your baby happy.
Weirdest first impression I’ve given off is that I’m gay because I look too manly. What? Since when is it gay to look like a dude?
“I know you’re in there, Cas. It’s me. Not 2009 me. I’m the real deal. You were there when we told Michael and Lucifer and the apocalypse to fuck off. Your dumb ass wouldn’t let me take you home from purgatory. You’re my best friend. Twelve years, and you’re my best friend.”
If I came any closer I would be subject to the earth's gravitational pull and the impact of my crash could be catastrophic for the entire biosphere.
Castiel is outside a barn covered in sigils. He has a dull awareness of them all. None of them do anything to him, but he can make out the energy in the strokes that tell things to stay away. He frowns. This isn’t right. This has never been something he repented for. The railroad tracks force him ahead anyway, through the doors that open before him. He crosses the space between him and Dean. Bobby isn’t there, and Dean doesn’t shoot. From within himself, Castiel frowns again. Something is wrong.
When Dean pulls away, Cas smiles at him. He says
It's good. I much prefer it to being dashed upon the rocks.
Thanks for linking the article
Let me guess… Your dad didn’t like it when you talked about your feelings
r/cartalk
He crosses the space between him and Dean. Bobby isn’t there, and Dean doesn’t shoot.
r/relationships
Cas is outside of a barn covered in sigils.
op you know we can see your post history right? which means we can see your meltdown you had about strangers thinking you were gay. once a homophobe always a homophobe
-op has a realization when m41 fakes (?) his death
All of it. He’s a sweet kid but completely out of touch with the world. I’m talking like 101 stuff. He mostly follows my lead, but I feel like I should be doing more to specifically help him get the rules down.
My (m41) and my husband (m41) have our first anniversary pretty soon. Neither of us have had a real relationship before, so obviously I’ve never took a shot at the anniversary thing. My husband was raised under a rock, so I don’t think he’s familiar with this kind of stuff and I’m not expecting anything, I just wanna do something nice and don’t know where to start. I talked to our kids already and they’re fine with clearing out to visit their aunt for the day, but I’m stumped after that. Should I make him dinner? Take him to dinner? We don’t really go out. Usually it’s me cooking for us and the kids or me picking up diner food. What do you get a guy for your anniversary?
Do you know what a comet is?
It’s a surprise when there’s an unmistakable feel of lips on his cheek, and when he looks at Dean he gets a defiant look before Dean works his jaw and cuts his eyes away.
I always go 50/50 for anniversaries. 50% asking what she wants and doing exactly that, 50% surprise. That way you know at least the gift or the plans will be a hit, and you either mess up the surprise part and it doesn’t matter because you nailed the first half, or you nail the surprise part too and the whole thing’s a homerun.
Cas is outside of a barn covered in sigils.
He said he didn’t feel in control of what he was doing but it felt good, but all the other stuff he did to fuck up his life also felt good.
Surely there is something he can say that will change things. There must be. Perhaps all he has to do is explain his doubts, tell Anna he doesn’t understand but he desperately wants to. They’re all there, always at the forefront of his thoughts. It would be so easy to tell them to Anna. Anna, who silently longed for the embrace of humanity until the day she was gone and all their superiors were in a fury. He tries to say something again, but what comes out is
C’mon man. Are you trying to get an awesome sound system or are you trying to get the most expensive and pretentious eye sore to tell people about
She’s not my ex. Like I said, first time we met she knocked me unconscious and then stole stuff. We’ve never had a thing for each other, we’ve hated each other since day one. She’s a demon. I would love to never see her again, but we run in the same circles.
r/drsexy
r/gameofthrones
We didn’t really have a first date. We went from living together and raising kids together to using the same bedroom and raising kids together. We got together after a near death experience and I’m not really looking to repeat that even if making out in the car ruled.
just talk to your friends lmao lmao lmao i can tell you’re a straight man because the answer to your problem is “talk about it” and instead you’re freaking out on the internet
Dean’s only confused for a moment before his expression clears.
“We need to talk, Dean. Alone.”
Dude what the hell did you do to that car
“I’ve let you down. I haven’t been there when I was supposed to be, I held grudges longer than I should have. But losing you always hurt. It always hurt when you left and it always felt like it was because I didn’t do something right. You’d rather work with a demon than me, or strike out in your own, or spend eternity chopping heads, so what the hell did that say about me?”
Yes but that’s not relevant besides the fact that he’s still that clueless. I swear she practically undressed him in front of me and he had no idea what was going on.
