She moans breathily and mewls, nodding as she pushes back against her.
“You can rinse now if you want.” John says softly, his hands still in Sherlock’s hair.
"I want.. God, I want so much.. I need you inside me.. Please, George.. I need you.. Please.." He begs breathily and ruts against him.
Sherlock took his tea over to his chair, so he could think.
“Oh.” Anthea hums. “Yeah?” She smiles, fangs on full display. “Show yours, Mycroft. Please?”
Danny pouts. “How come Nina gets to play with them?”
He holds her close, the dream shifting so they're no longer outside, now laying in a large bed with Benny and Jean.
She stretches up a bit and kisses him. "I love you so much." She mumbles against his lips.
He kisses him softly and smiles.
Dark licks his lips. ‘Make two.’
She smiles and nuzzles him.
“They do. They also left some suggestions in the box.” She nods over to the suggestion box, haven’t had the chance to look into it yet.
Sky grins and starts the ATV as the garage door opens.
"We're still investigating why. When she wakes up she may be able to tell us more."
He gasps softly and arches into him.
They drove to the party.
"Sherlock.." John moans nips his collar bone.
Ms. Cheyenne leans in and kisses Greg deeply. “Mm tell me, baby. How does Riley’s cunt feel all snug around your cock?”
He smirks and scoops him up into his arms, carrying him to bed.
He smiles softly and nods. “I’m glad.”
Lydia's knees go weak and she has to hold onto Anthea to stay standing.
Jim's face darkened with murderous rage and he slapped Sherlock's face so hard, the sound echoed around the room, then he dragged Sherlock to his room, throwing him on the bed, wrestling his trousers off.
"Sure." Greg nods, grinning.
“I’ll be even bigger when you fill me with babies.” Morna smirks and gets dressed.
He chuckles and sips his tea.
John found he didn't hate being looked at like an Omega. It was fine, as long as he was Sherlock's omega.
She arches and looks up at the camera. "He's so deep in me. Deeper than you've ever been. So fucking deep. He's filled me with more cum in my womb than you've put in me since we've been married."
Sherlock can sense John is uncomfortable. Maybe he doesn’t want Sherlock to know where they live.
He pulls away and starts to undress him.
Sherlock smiles as he takes it from him, fastening it around his neck. “Thank you, love.” He gets into the cab as it stops.
John frowns and doesn't hesitate to pull her into a hug. "I already talked to Mycroft. Everything's okay. There's no mess."
She whines at his tight grip, always loving it when he's extra rough with her. She moans loudly as he pounds into her needy willing cunt, arching sharply each time he rubs her g spot which he hits every thrust.
“Thank you.” Maggie mumbles softly, curling around her cum filled belly as she falls asleep.
He blushes. 'I suppose I've known for a while.. Years, I think. I didn't think I had any chance and I didn't want to ruin anything I had with him.'
He bites his lip and nods. ‘My mother was the only good thing about my childhood.. about anything.. I’d like to go by what she called me..’
He smiles and leans in to kiss his cheek.
She moans and arches. "I want you all to fill my pussy with your loads."
“Only a fool argues with his doctor,” Sherlock says smoothly.
"Sorry. We didn't mean to take over." Zack bites his lip.
He hums, looking to Eli. “We can draft up a contract and discuss terms later.”
Sherlock hums and thinks. “John, what’s today? The thirteenth?” He looks at him.
"Michael!" She screams and comes hard.
She shrugs. “I always feel like I could so better. Even when things go perfect I always think that I could have done something more or been better.”
“Watson, hurry up, we have to leave.”
Holmes drew a breath.  “There is no reason.”  He shook his head clear of a thought.  He reached a hand towards me, and I drew the closer to him, propping an elbow on the counterpane.  I grazed and nibbled at his lips.  I smoothed the crease out of his brow.  He sighed and squirmed into the mattress.
.”  And he spat this word as if it were a poison.  “You got the closest of the three of you.  Well done.”
“I... well... yes, but... however did you know that?”
“I don't know what I am doing,” I confessed.  “I've never had this with a man...”
,” he concluded.
“For longer than that.  Thirty five.”
I lay back against the bedspread.  My friend loomed over me, and straddled me.  With long and dexterous fingers, he buttoned down my shirt, spread it wide open, cast his warm hands upon my chest.  His touch, gentle and loving, brought me to arch as he pressed down.  I felt his tongue tease at a nub, to softly flick and circle, to roam to hover at my navel.  I believe I moaned.  I reached to take his hand, that it might insinuate upon the tight cloth of my trouser front.  (He kneaded there but briefly.)  He switched attention to my mouth, to kiss me deeply, to stroke my face, to trace the angle of my jaw with a light thumb.
“I have an envelope,” said Holmes.  “It wasn't there before.  How did it get there?”
, where any man might call on point of business.  I declare that this family will be the death of me.  First Ulysses' terrible deed, and now this.”  Mycroft stopped himself abruptly.  “I mean to say, of course, that all families have their trouble.  I shall take the necessary steps.  Would you care to have some lunch here?  I can arrange a table for you if you desire it.”
He shrugged.  “I am interested to see how this plays out,” he said mysteriously.  “But John, let's have our breakfast, and turn our attention to other things.”
Dawkins' Curiosity Bizarre was one shop amongst a few that nestled snugly down a small side street.  Its fascia, painted blue, had softly faded over time.  An old metal sign revolved – and loudly squeaked – outside the entrance door.
“Watson, you do read a lot of rubbish,” said he, airily.  He tossed it aside as if his fingers were burned.  “And where have you been?  I've been bored.”
“Will you be moving in?”
“Are you quite sure of that?”
“Oh, yes, yes, yes,” said she, distractedly.  “I'm sure he will.  He has our luggage, so I
“What?  Oh, yes, of course.”  A pause.  “Watson, I propose a walk to shake off all the cobwebs.”
“And if that's my only flaw, then I am pleased enough to have it,” I replied.  “Although I fear that Mrs. Hudson, our landlady, is unhappy with the news.”
“I do not understand you, I'll admit, sir.”
I pursed my lips.  I poured another dram and looked into its amber eye.
“No sir.”
“I'm a little itchy,” he said sullenly, in answer to my eyebrows which had raised above my hairline.
“You have another,” he said feelingly.
He turned upon me then, and backed me up against the wall.  His hands were in my hair, upon my nape; one leg thrust inbetween my own.  I gasped, the breath shocked out of me; my hands upon him too, then, at his chest, pushing his waistcoat up askew, pulling his shirt out of his trouser band.  We wrestled, almost violent, for a moment, faces far apart, but eyes, upon each other, burning holes, and--
“Come in, then.”
Holmes handed me the letter that he had brought with him from the sitting-room.
Even so, the loose-tongued underworld with its coin exchanged for secrets, upheld its own laws that the probing of the police might serve to aggravate.
“No,” said Sherlock Holmes.  “I can't.”
I cannot help but agree.  “Yes, you were.”
“I'll burn them,” I said, resolute.  “For what's the point of them at all.”
“Oh dear.”
“I did indeed,” I replied.  “Will you help him?”
“Before I moved here,” he said quietly, “I had rooms at a small house on Montague Street.”
“My name is Sherlock Holmes,” said Sherlock Holmes.  His gaze now narrowed.  “Well, you had better follow me.”  He took off, long loping strides, to leave me scuttling behind and feeling most discombobulated.
“Hum,” said Sherlock Holmes.  “The top letter is postmarked from Surrey.  A gentleman's handwriting.”
Of course I would have kept it all these years.  It had been with me through thick and thin.  I felt a pang of guilt at having tucked it out of sight for this long time.  The cover was a gaudy daub; the chapters were sensational:
Cold winter mornings are my favourite just because of this.
“Mr. Talmadge did not leave a will, of course.  You were a faithful servant.  Had he made a written promise or verbal mention of your future being provided for, Mrs. Barker?”
A very short while later, as saucepans rattled in the kitchen and the aroma of baked chicken wafted through to where we sat, I turned to Holmes.
“Oh, I remembered where I put it,” he said airily.
Holmes seemed put out.
'Just for a little while,' I said to my old Martha.  'Until you're feeling well again, and then we'll cross that bridge.'
Holmes struck at his head.  “Oh for
Holmes nodded slowly, eyes fast upon me.
The fellow tossed his head, concealed a smile behind his hand.  “Never mind,” he said.
The house was still, when I arrived.  “Holmes?  Are you there?”  To no reply.  I listened for the slightest sound of clatter from the attic, but there was none.  I poked my nose out of the window in the kitchen, to no small sight of him.  I scaled the stairs, stepped over one or several boxes that lay haphazard on the landing, and turned my head into the bedroom.  There he was, prostrate across it, both arms high and tucked behind his head.  Both eyes were closed; his brow was furrowed in deep thought.
“It's Mr. Dooley,” said Sherlock Holmes.  “I know the truth, Adams, don't worry.”
is that smell?”
My friend chuckled.
“Well, that way doesn't always work,” said Mycroft Holmes.
flourish on my own.”
On our way back, my friend was thoughtful once again.
He slid the glass decanter across the table as a peacemaker.  “More brandy,” he said, smiling, “and let us talk of Winwood Reade.  Would you happen to have read
“That is a good job, then – and I hope you will not mock me, but I have been anxious these past days, and I heard you were a helpful sort of fellow, and I was in the area anyway, and so I--”
We set back – the smallest fraction – to regard our hot, flushed faces, and we smiled as if it were the most amusing thing, to be this much affected by a kiss.
The door yawned wider yet.  And there – yes – there he was, still so familiar to us even out of uniform.
“He is thirsty,” I said.  “I wish we knew where he lived.”
“And you are
“Why, you egotistical --”  I threw a cushion at his head.  “And what am I?  Chopped liver?  I'm your biographer!  Your
I felt put on the spot.  I cleared my throat once or twice.  “Well, my dear fellow, I imagine it might be because he is slighter than you?”
“And why is that?”
“The late afternoon post has been,” Holmes remarked.  “There's something for you over there.”
He did not sound offended.
“My legs are longer than yours,” he said, smiling.  “Would you prefer that I shuffle?”
Holmes was talking softly to the terrier, praising its spirit, patting down its sandy haunch.  He examined the brass name tag at the collar.
what Pike was hoping for on Valentine's.”
“Well, a man has to look
We read the menu as the waiter hovered over us.
“It was bequeathed to me by a family member.”
And Holmes sprawled backwards on the rug, his legs tucked underneath from kneeling.  But as opposed to feeling wonder at this clinical deduction, I could only see the tautness of the fabric at the thigh, and of the pull around the midriff, of the barest hint of skin between the buttons of his shirt.  Fair overcome, I felt the strongest urge to kiss him and, moreover, felt the need to place my hands on him, the tautest point, that fabric at the thigh, a hint of paradise above...
“Oh, I am fine.”  Holmes lit a cigarette, and sucked upon it nervously.  He gestured to the table.  “There is some breakfast but it's very likely cold.  I'll call and ask for some more tea.”  He went to move, but I reached out and caught his arm.
“I was caught with someone, John.  In a dark stairwell.”  And he released a bitter laugh.  “I think we frightened her to death.  She screamed, and dashed into her hovel.  I was filled with dread, for I knew what it might mean for me.  Sure enough, she wrote me a harsh letter the next day, with threats and blackmail, and I knew I needed Mycroft.”  Here my friend screwed up his face.  “It tortured me to do so, but needs must, and I confided.  My brother is quite powerful, you know, John, and he has much city influence.  By some means – and likely foul – he has pulled me out of that dire hole, but on a warning: it is my
“I still have some running around,” he informed me, with a touch to my arm.  “Go on home, I shall join you as soon as I can.”
And away he darted towards the stairs, leaving the three of us bewildered.
“Oh my god,” I said, twisting, “not here on the rug.  It's brand new, heaven's sake.”
“I must be off,” said she, after the dishes had been washed.  “My husband's home.  It's going to snow.  I don't want to be caught in it.  You'll see me first thing in the morning.”  And away she hopped, half-tripping on her shawl, the front door banging closed behind her.
a lunatic,” he said.  “I am... special.”
– which always has a strange effect on Holmes and forecasts further trouble.)
“Well, does that mean that I win something too?”
I stomped out to the street in a bad temper.  A horse-drawn cart rolled by and splashed my trouser legs with mud.  “Oh, dash and blast,” I muttered, cross.  “Whatever next?”
“Ha ha!”  Holmes crowed into my face.  “I knew you'd be the first to crack.”
He drew the curtains, shut the window – “...
?”  He giggled childishly.  “They might have a little trouble fitting all of that onto the cup.”
Mr. Jacob Stone let out a chuckle at the expressions on our faces.
“Good morning, Holmes,” I said.  Then: “You missed breakfast.”
“You are a wonder, John,” said he.
He jutted up against me, teasing, promising, but immotile.
“Always, my dear fellow,” said he enigmatically.  “Now, let us be off.”
Arm in arm, we headed for the cliffs, our steps yet hampered by the snow which crept into our boots, our winter socks, and worse.
I mustered all the calm that I was able, which was barely half that of the frustration currently boiling at my tongue.
- END -
Holmes, despite his brooding these past minutes, broke into laughter.  He leaned against the wall, hands to his hips, his head thrown back.
“Shh,” said he, “not here.  Come on, I really must catch Wiggins before his marble competition.”
,” he said.  “And I read in a newspaper somewhere that one is supposed to do something nice for the person one cares about on Valentine's Day.”  He flushed a brighter shade of pink.  “I don't know very much about it.  Did I do it all wrong?  I know you don't use hairpins, but I ran out of ideas.”
much.”
“Ah, John,” said he.  “It was a simple matter.  The sea-shanties we now know about.  Not so hard to deduce.  And there are some things one can't hide: size 10 boots for greater instance, and ladies' mittens far too small for a man's hands.  You thought his eyes were red-raw from the snow this morning, but I surmised he had been weeping 'fore he came to us.  And then, of course the
Her teeth were distracting, haphazard and grey, and affected her speech in a curious manner.  For having spent so many years abroad in Cuba, Mrs. Bruce's wider accent remained steadfast yet within our country.
me.  You'll pull the damned thing off.”  He lunged and caught my mouth to his.  “Don't dare to stop.  Do what you want.”  His breath was heavy in my ear.  “Take me as roughly as you'd like.”
“Quite frankly, yes.”
“You're grumpy,” I observed.  “Is it because there were no cards for you, and all you have is tat?”
“And I don't need a pudding,” said Holmes, quite contrary.  He flounced away to the sofa and threw himself down upon it.  He glared up at the mantel.  “I don't need cards either,” he mumbled.
,” he added wryly.  “Oh, I can see all of the trouble that you are going to be.”
“And why do you assume that?”
“Oh, one of those!”  I tweaked his arm.  “I'm game.”
Dr. Watson, you have dirt upon your sleeves?  Do I
husband and wife.  We've never kissed.  As you once said, we're 'getting rid of dirty water'.  I'm as loyal as I can be, on that basis.”
Holmes appeared to lose control of all four limbs for one long moment.  I watched in fascination as he flailed.
of your... ripostes.  Your
“I haven't thought of these letters in years,” I said, musing.  “I wonder how they ended up amongst all my other papers.  Pushed to the back of a cupboard, no doubt, and then caught up in a folder or file.  Oh well, they are here.”  I felt myself prevaricating.  “Oliver Everett was my first love affair.  We met in service – in my regiment.  I tended to an injury of his: a shrapnel wound.  It put him out of action for a while; I used to visit him; we'd chat.  We grew to exchanging confidences, and confessed ourselves quite early on.  That's not as rare as one might think.  War has a funny way of making clear how short and precious one's life is, and how to take all of the pleasure that one can, in any way that one can find it.”
“What time is it?” he asks.
involve the police, Holmes.  Declare it as slander.  Lestrade will stand by us, as will Gregson.”
“Six bloody days!” I said.  I kissed him, and we teetered on the rug as if it were a rolling cart out of control.  “Why were you so
The wound was on the outer thigh, and healing nicely.  I set to work.  Holmes's skin was cool and goosebumped.  He was quiet now, his attention fixed to a vague spot on the wall.
And the whirlwind was gone.
“I do not want anything,” he said.  “Ha ha!  See, that has surprised you, now, I think.”
He regarded me askew.  I pulled the tickets from my pocket, and I waved them as a flag before his face.  “Tickets to Wagner,” I explained.  “Would you do me the great honour?”
That afternoon, I proved quite dreadful at lawn bowling, and mediocre at croquet.  My friend, for all his hooting, fared rather better, winning several games of each.  It was so pleasant, playing outdoors in good company.  I rather felt this weekend was a joy all by itself, with Holmes the 'cherry on the top'.  (I did not tell him this.)
“I want
I ran for the brandy.  Holmes offered comfort.  And soon, by and by, Mr. Oaks became calm.
you?”
“Upper Wimpole Street,” I said.
“Never mind.  It does not matter.”
“Come home with me,” I said.
“Oh, for goodness sake,” said Holmes.  “Those bloody paper-thin walls.  Shut up, Gregson, you imbecile.”
“Mr. Holmes, now, did you really believe that I was
I opened the door wide, and Sherlock Holmes entered the hall.  He paused to look at me.
“Mrs. Hudson, yes, I know,” he snapped.  “You've done your job.  She's well again.”
was the house directly looming, and now here we were, the horse hooves clipping at the gravel, and now settling to stand before the double oaken door.
We took our chairs beside the fire and eyed each other for a moment.
“Holmes!” I exclaimed, startled.  “What on earth have you done?”
“--ea at the time,” I finished for him.  “As so many things do with you.”
That cheered me up enormously, although I was not sure altogether what it meant.
I understood, but oh, I did not want to leave him now, when I was aching, hot and trembling for more.
“Holmes,” I said, moving towards him, “she means far less than that.”
“I shaved my legs,” he said abruptly.  Then, to my astounded silence, clarified:  “To make me
As if on cue, there was a slam below, a brisk step on the stair, then here he was, the man in question, with his face alight on seeing me.  His eyes caught on his brother just a brief split second later, and the shock upon his face compelled a similar reaction from myself.  We stood, all three, in a wide circle, puzzled, glaring and aloof.
days.  I am a little jealous, I'll admit.  Isn't that ridiculous?  After all the years we've been together.  If the letters hadn't been so wretchedly
Monday morning came around, and by some miracle with patients, a full morning's worth which I was pleased enough about.  By midday I was writing notes and thinking that I might pop out to purchase some tobacco, when the doorbell rang once more.  Resigned, I took my seat and waited for the rap upon the door.  It came before too long; Miss Marsh announced herself and then the visitor.
“I do want to do this, you know,” said my friend, a mind-reader as always.  He squirmed, and placed a kiss to my temple.  “I never thought I would tire of London,” he mused.  “I feel quite choked by it now.  It is time.”
“Cook our own meal and light our own fires, I suppose,” Holmes replied.  “If someone is home, yet they do not answer the door, we cannot break our way in to demand why and what.  Come on, John, let's go home.”
Holmes tossed me the letter.
was the clue I needed when we were at the house just yesterday.  The position of the body was not amenable with suicide, is what I'm trying to say.”
“Nothing that you're not prepared to give me,” I replied.
Men of science are quite often this way.
“I damned well can't,” said he.  “
“Yes, well.  At least
“Victor, the garden--” I began.
We three sat down upon a bench beneath the shade of a broad oak.
The reply to Holmes's telegram was a little slow in coming.  My friend was looking at his watch and then out to the street below in quick succession a scant half-hour before our train was due to leave.  And then, at last, a knock upon the door.  Holmes swept out and down the stairs to take it up.  His step then slower back to me, as he perused the rough font strip.
Holmes nodded mutely.
Holmes hooked me from the cubicle out into the brightness of the shop.
“Yes.  Awful, terrible things.  Messages in my dreams.  Messages!  That something awful and very terrible is going to happen to me, Mr. Holmes!  And there was another one today, in my afternoon nap!  You have to help me.  I am out of my mind.”
“Let's not start that again,” I said.  “I don't need a headache.”
.”  In shock.  “You've got it wrong.”
That point of slow awakening from slumber; the sound of morning as it encroaches and encircles.  I was aware of singing birds outside the window, and of warmth and of my friend pressed close against me, with his cold nose inside my ear.
I heard my friend yawn loudly, and rather pointedly, from his barber's chair beside me.  I might have turned my head to frown if Mr. Curtin, at that precise moment in heat-slowed time, had not been attending to the hair above the arc of my right ear.  I directed the frown instead to the mirror, where – naturally – it did not cast upon the irritant.  For Holmes's eyes were closed, his attention span elsewhere; thin fingers tapping the chair arm in recollection, I had no doubt, of the concert at St. James's we had attended the night before.
I had fallen asleep once again, after all.  When I opened my eyes, it was past eight o'clock and I was alone in our bed.  I washed and dressed quickly, and descended to the sitting-room.  Holmes was cross-legged on the rug and in the process of restringing his violin.
Ten minutes later, arm in arm, we were approaching Regent's Park.  And so very many people here, enjoying the spring morning.  We kept to the paths, while families around us herded their children into play groups.  The air was filled with laughter, trilling chatter, sounds of great sport.
At last, I understood.  My friend's abraded, paint-chafed fingers had chanced to snag on the lace doily, eliciting the most repellent of sensations.
“Easy, boy, now, easy,” said my friend.
“Watson!” said Merrill Adams.  “It's good to see you, my dear fellow.”  He strode forward, pumped my hand, and thrust a glass of some brown liquid into the other.  “Have a drink, you must be gasping.  Oh, and allow me to introduce you to Miss Eva Worthington.”
He rose, and towered above me – or so it seemed, for I confess I had my eyes strictly averted – then he gathered up his jacket, and progressed towards the door.
I leaned across the table, and I dealt him a sound kiss upon the mouth, which he accepted with alacrity.
I cut him short with a nudge to his ribs.
“Well, then, was he the constable who leapt down into the well in the Mystery of the Floating Box?  No – wait – I think that was PC Lancer.  ...Holmes, I have no idea.”
Holmes held up his hand.  “It was not my intent to offend.  I do apologise, Mr. Talmadge, but I hardly think that I can help you.  Do you really wish for me to interrogate a skull?  I can only advise you to relocate the object in question, or to sell it, and see then if the dreams might cease.  If there is nothing tangible I can work with...”
“I’m sure Homicide and Serious Crime Command at the Met has plenty of cold cases they’d be willing to let me work on.  So often the evidence is all there, it just takes a superior brain to put it all together.”
“I couldn’t get in.  Locked.  Needs a key card.”
Lestrade picked up his jacket from where he’d hung it over the back of his chair and shrugged it on.  “You staying?”
“Thank you.”
It took another case to get them back on track.  Sherlock managed to link a ring of criminals who were cloning debit cards at petrol stations for an Iranian-based fraud syndicate.  Mycroft’s people were involved, and it was dangerous, there, at the end.  They arrived home unscathed but exhausted.  “That was good,” said Sherlock, smiling.  He turned and put both of his hands on John’s shoulders so they were face to face.  “You were good.”
Sherlock nodded, steepled his fingers under his nose, and lost himself to his thoughts.
“Sherlock, where did you...”  For one scary moment John wondered if Sherlock had surreptitiously gathered his hair while he was sleeping.
“So what’s today’s research?” John asked as he set his bag down and settled himself into a leather chair.
“I would hope my reputation as a detective precedes that of my musical talent,” Sherlock says.  He schools his features.  As intriguing as Moriarty is, Sherlock understands that he is incredibly dangerous.  And right now he’s touching something Sherlock considers an extension of himself; it’s too personal and his skin crawls.
“Good God,” muttered John.  “That’s amazing.  Sherlock, are you watching this?”
“You’ll figure something out.”
“Come on!”
Sherlock has to look away for fear that he will blush.
John closed his eyes, content.  He let his thoughts wander and fell into a bit of a doze.  He wasn’t sure how long he was out, but he awoke with Sherlock shifting so he could nuzzle into John’s crotch.
John licked his lips.  “I’ll give this to him,” he said, nodding at the violin.
“They
He was midway through the main walled garden when the robin flew by again, nearly in front of him.  And he’d be damned if the bird didn’t land on the window ledge of Sherlock’s room.  It hopped, looking down at him, as John stared up.  “What do
“Yeah?  You’re not tired, are you?”
“Nooo,” John laughed, evoking a mental image of he and Sherlock attempting to Morris Dance in full traditional costume for some obscure case.
“I heard you,” she said, ripping open the packet and placing John’s hand on the table where she could inspect it before wiping it down with an antiseptic pad.  “I’m sorry I don’t have a local for you.”
“You’ll be fine,” Sherlock continued.
“I need to think,” Sherlock said, and hunkered down in a chair, steepling his fingers under his nose.  He closed his eyes.  “Don’t wait up.”
“What the buggering fuck?” mouthed Lestrade, still getting an earful from whomever was on the phone, as John covered his nose, gagged, and then broke out into hysterical laughter.
Exhausted and angry with himself, Sherlock crawls into bed.  Everything aches, especially his chest, which is odd, since it’s the only place on his body except his face that isn’t still bruised.  Where on earth is the damn mouthpiece?
John smiled, then really did lose it.  “You’re fucking
“Nothing is private.  Tell me.  That music.  It was a woman.”
“Yes,” John smiled as he shrugged on his jacket.  “Don’t worry, Sherlock.  Soon you’ll be back to calling me an idiot and wondering how I manage from day to day and you will find all sorts of creative and likely deceptive ways of getting me out of the house.”
“I don’t even know how to hold it,” he says.
Mike smiled.
John returns the mouthpiece to the music stand and goes back to making himself a sandwich.  Sherlock’s a lot like that bloody tuba, John thinks: big, obnoxious, and full of hot air.  Yet also strong, sonorous, and deep.  He nearly rolls his eyes at his own metaphor but as he eats his sandwich he realises his mouth has been the same place as his flatmate’s.
John affected his best Sherlock impression.  “Obviously,” he scoffed.  “Really, Sherlock, you are positively scintillating this evening.”
I scowl at the mirror.  I do not want to think about John’s previous lovers. Those ridiculous, simpering women. Pawing at him. Clambering over his beautiful skin, taking what’s mine. Capturing him inside their sticky, grasping bodies. No more! He is my lover now, and I feel a fierce streak of possessiveness, a green bit of jealousy, roll around in my ribcage.  There’s just too much going on in my head.  Circuitry overload.
“Yeah, thanks.”
I don’t know the exact physiological mechanism by which it works.  A kinky cerebral switchboard operator, redirecting the nerve signals from unpleasant odour to fragrant bouquet.  Sexual attraction is another alchemist, and a perverse one at that, transmuting the unpalatable to the divine.
made a date for Sherlock and himself, one that was looking more and more like it wasn’t going to happen.  Up until then, he hadn’t realised how much he had been looking forward to sharing his company over a meal; somehow, a good steak and a fine glass of wine seemed unimportant without a certain someone to share it with.
We struggle up the stairs, out of our coats, into the bathroom, out of our clothing, and into bed.  I’m not sure if John actually opened his eyes the entire time.  He’s good at running on autopilot sometimes.
“Spa manager.  I read about her in the book upstairs while you were having your tiff with Mycroft.  She’s got degrees in Hospitality and Management.”
“Dying,” said Molly.  “It won’t be much longer.”
John sighed, fondly exasperated.  “I don’t know!  I didn’t know.  Are you?  What if we were completely sexually incompatible?  What if you wanted something I couldn’t give you?  Sorry, it’s stupid.”
thought John.
Bats flew overhead and the moon was rising.  A breeze stirred up and whispered the night’s gossip through the trees.
_________________________________
Something shifted in Sherlock’s expression.  “Let’s go, then.”
Chapter 5: A Cry in the Night
“Throb” is a funny word, anyway.  John would be delighted if I said as much, called a word amusing.  He holds sentiment for certain words, finds power in others.  Some words John chooses his words wisely.  He wields them with precision.  Other words he throws carelessly around, curses or swears, terms of endearment (for me!).  I find words practical.  A specific word can make all the difference in the world when trying to solve a case.  Auburn hair is not the same as red.  “Sort of pudgy” is not the same as “doughy” or “corpulent”.  Words should not be funny.  But I must admit that some of them are more delightful to the tongue than others.  “Cacophony” simply sounds nice, what with all its consonants and middle digraph.  I like the sound of the words “conundrum” and “octogenarian”.  Some words sound particularly vulgar (fecund) even if they are not, and others sound pleasing to the ear while carrying particularly negative connotations (presumptuous).  “Throb” can mean life-giving pulse, the mighty push of every heartbeat, or the thump of a bass line reverberating through bodies packed onto a dance floor in an underground club.  Throb is the distinctly uncomfortable (even painful) sensation of a migraine, of manacled hands, or a blow to the back of the head.  Throb is what wounds do.
“Two separate psychiatrists in London with expertise in behavioral medicine, actually.”
“Oh.  Oh yes, John.  I’m...It’s just.  I…”  He swallowed.  “Overwhelming.”
“Here?”
“Most,” supplied John.
Sherlock drew John to him again, and they lay together facing one another.  They found each other’s hands; Sherlock’ kissed John’s knuckles.  “I’m trying to tell you that I love you,” he said softly against them.
Lestrade nodded.  “He’ll come around,” he said eventually.  “I wouldn’t worry too much.  He likes you.  I know it’s none of my business, but you’ve been good for him.  He’s...happy.  As happy as he gets, at least.  I’m not the least surprised he’s still around.”
“Yes.  Sometimes I pinch them when I masturbate.  I don’t mind a firm touch.  Are yours sensitive too?”
John sliced a simple tomato salad and pan-fried the fish they caught with butter, lemon, and some fresh thyme from Mrs. Hudson’s patio garden.  It was delicious, and even Sherlock deigned to eat, chattering away about shoes between mouthfuls.
He leant his bicycle against the uneven stonework of the cottage and knocked on the bright green door.
All of Sherlock’s senses were phenomenally honed, but his sight was by far his keenest, most reliable way of accessing information.  And he didn’t want to use it?  John suddenly understood.  He’d seen Sherlock afraid before, his eyes wide, his brow sweaty, his lip curled in shock and revulsion.  In this moment in which he’d taken the words of an advice columnist quite literally, he was terrified of its outcome.
John didn’t.
“Together?”  Sherlock looked intrigued, as if the idea had never occurred to him before.
On the floor were large sheets of paper where Sherlock had taken prints of the soles of the boots.  “Normally these images would be scanned to a computer and then analysed, compared to casts made from footprints,” he explained.  “But we have no footprints so I decided it wasn’t worth the time or effort.  What we can tell, however, is that whoever owned these boots was approximately six feet tall, of average weight, and horribly flat-footed.”
In turn, Sherlock examined John’s scar.  He asked no questions, but he chewed his lower lip and ran his fingertips over it.  To John’s amusement, Sherlock seemed particularly affected by scent, and nosed behind John’s ear, under his arm, the back of his knees, and the crease of his groin.
John smiled to himself, his eyes still closed.  “That is something you should never, ever apologise for,” he said, his voice sleep-rough.  “Honestly.  You’ve done wonders for my ego.”
The buzzing of Sherlock’s phone brought John out of his reverie.
“Yes.”
“He’s not right, you know,” said Sally Donovan next to him.
“Oh, you must be John Watson!”  John turned to see an older yet well-put-together woman simply beaming at him.
Sherlock pursed his lips as he deliberated, then, with a deep breath of resolve, passed the computer over.
In fact, he is still doing it now as they sit in the back of a cab, stuck in the Marylebone Road underpass and going nowhere fast.
John decided not to push his luck any further.  He felt that somehow Lestrade’s loyalty lay with Mycroft, and while Mycroft was letting him live at Holmes Hall free of charge, John was feeling rather annoyed that he was likely offered the position to be just what Sherlock had suggested earlier: a babysitter, someone who would prevent an angry drug addict from damaging the property.  John felt no loyalty to either man, he supposed, but he felt sympathetic to the younger brother’s plight, simply out of doctorly concern.  Plus, something about the man was fascinating.  John couldn’t quite put his finger on it, but Sherlock was exceptional, he was sure of it.  Maybe a madman, but an exceptional one.  Once Sherlock was clean and sober, though, what would happen to John’s lodgings?  Would he be dismissed and turned out into the world again?  He hoped not.  He was finally starting to feel, well, feel
That got his attention.  Sherlock opened his eyes.  A faint gleam of interest shone there.  “And…?”
“Next time,” said John, adrenaline still high, stepping around the moaning barman to see to his friend.  “Call the police, you utter berk.  What on earth were you thinking?  Going after him like that yourself?”
.   If I were honest about it, I would have to acknowledge that every mental wall I’d created separating the mind from the transport crumbled to pieces within months of meeting John Watson, and sentiment, raw and powerful, has wormed its way into my chest cavity and insinuated itself into every fibre of my being.  I loathed it, at first.  Some horrible parasite, stealing my mental energies and rendering me soft, useless.  (Note to self: do not ever tell John I ever compared this feeling I have for him to
John and Sherlock sat in the back of one of Mycroft’s cars, both quiet and pensive.  Just as they were about to leave, John saw something that made him smile.  He tugged on Sherlock’s sleeve.
John’s eyes flew open.  Fantasy Sherlock evaporated.  He didn’t know what he was expecting, fireworks, maybe, or angel choirs.  Instead he got a distinctly uncomfortable sensation, intense and...weird.
“Went to Edinburgh last week, up to see my grandson.  He’s thirty now, can you believe that?  Ha! Anyway, I found a nice little shop up there and got myself some books.”
that makes him stay.”
Sherlock awakens.
John stood, the silence oppressive, as if Sherlock had taken all the air out of the room with him, creating a vacuum.  His hand trembled.
Thankful for his handkerchief, John wrapped his throbbing finger the best he could and hoped Lestrade wasn’t in the main walled garden. He’d made it out of the garden and was walking along the wall, heading back to his room and half-concocting a story to tell in case he was questioned and wondering how on earth he was going to stitch himself up when he turned the corner and bodily collided with Molly.
He set his laptop on the chair and stood in the middle of the library, not caring if he looked silly, and closed his eyes, clearing his head the way he did before going into a skirmish or preparing for surgery.
John thought of young pirate Sherlock and his dog.
He awakened the next morning to find the electricity was back on. He showered, shaved, and got ready for work, thankful that the trains were all running on time and that the storm hadn’t caused any delays for morning commuters.
Perplexed, John stood at the end of the hallway and looked at it from the opposite directly.  Had he missed something?  He was positive he’d heard the sound from the east wing, and he’d checked every room.   Something simply didn’t make sense.  Maybe the noise came from downstairs?  He walked toward the south again, counting doors as he went.  Five on the left, four on the right.  Shouldn’t there be another door? Unless there
, not now, not here.
John’s mind kept replaying his unusual meeting with Sherlock Holmes the night before, and he found himself distracted at work.  When his shift ended, he stopped off at Boots and picked up a packet of nicotine patches.
For once, John felt perfectly at ease.  Something about his pseudo-confession to the woman at the front desk eased six months’ worth of mental exhaustion.  The situation was just too hilarious to get worked up about.  He and Sherlock, together in the honeymoon suite at a preposterously posh spa resort set up by the world’s most pretentious older sibling.  John decided right there and then that he was going to drink the champagne, order the most expensive meals he could, and sleep nude in those magnificent sheets, regardless of what Sherlock - or his brother - thought.
Sherlock suggested that they give the ground-floor flat to Mrs. Hudson, and John readily agreed.  They asked her about it over dinner; she refused and fussed but finally acquiesced, citing that they would need someone to make sure they occasionally had a home-cooked meal.
He relaxed and focussed his attention on the look of their hands together, Sherlock’s long, elegant fingers woven between his own shorter ones.  John rubbed Sherlock’s knuckle with his thumb, then risked a glance at his lover’s face.  Sherlock was looking at their clasped hands, too, his eyebrows drawn together, worried.  He didn’t offer an apology or try to explain himself, nor did he promise to be more careful in future.  Then again, John didn’t really expect him to.  Sherlock never said he would do something he didn’t fully intend to do, and John was, in a way, thankful for his honesty.  John squeezed his hand a bit to let him know everything would be fine and to stop fretting.  Their eyes met; Sherlock’s expression softened.
Anderson went a bit green.
Settling back in his chair, John realised that Sherlock hadn’t actually told him anything.  He should leave it alone.  They didn’t chat about sex.  Let it go, he told himself.
“It’s fascinating.”  He cupped John’s testicles in his large hand.
“But I wouldn’t be averse to taking things further.  If you want.  I’ve been tested if you’re concerned.”
“It’s John,” he called as he balanced himself outside Sherlock’s room.
“Sure,” said John, “see you then.”  He made a hasty retreat as Sherlock reached for his belt-buckle.
Then, Sherlock was leaning up to meet him for a kiss, and they rearranged limbs with a quick exchange of shy smiles until everything was lined up properly.
“I would be delighted to,” John replied as earnestly as he could, if anything just to get Leybourne to back up, which he did.  “You really have an amazing place here.  Sherlock was just telling me about the gardens, but the spa is really something.  We met Lillian today and she was gracious enough to give us a tour.”
“Speaking of lungs,” John says, nodding at the ashtray.  “Have you finished?”
They stared at each other for a long moment.  Sherlock looked impeccable, as if he’d dressed for the occasion, in black trousers and a crisp, dove-grey shirt.  John’s heart beat faster at the very sight of him.  How on earth was he ever going to platonically share a flat with the man?  Good God, he was gorgeous.
“I believe I may have done once during a somewhat tense set of negotiations with the Taliban,” Mycroft replied, linking his hands behind his back.  “But I really must say that this is impressive.”
John shook his head and rolled his eyes.  “Damn you,” he said affectionately to Sherlock.  “Next time, let me help you.  Now, let’s see about that cheek.”
?” Irene asks, raising an eyebrow.
Maybe they would grow old together.  Maybe John would write, and Sherlock would keep bees.  Maybe.
.  The title is fitting.”  Sherlock looked up at John again:
_______________________________________
“What’s that?”
Sherlock looked immediately concerned.  “You did, though.  Right?  We don’t have to do that, if you don’t want to.”
“She wants to study abroad, you know.”
“Sort of.  Maybe.  It’s complicated,” he said for the second time that day.
“Yeah.”
“It’s not a problem!” yelled Sherlock, throwing his arms in the air.  John hushed him, afraid that Mrs. Hudson would come storming in with a frying pan at any moment.  “Fine,” he acquiesced after John looked at him pointedly. “It’s a small problem.”
“Because I’m bored and Lestrade annoys me.  He’s been bothering my roses.”
He grabbed his pants from where they had been discarded the night before, shrugged them on, and shuffled to the bathroom.  He heard Sherlock yell, “Bring tea!” over the flush of the toilet.
John didn’t see any point in lying.  “Yeah.”
Sherlock had dug something out of his pocket and was fiddling with the padlock and chain that kept the chain-linked fence closed.  In the blink of an eye, he’d picked the lock.
“John, the other boot.”
“You need me around to kick your arse if you’re tempted, is what you’re saying.”
“Not particularly.”  John creased his eyebrows.  “Why?”
When John’s thumbs played over the arch of his right foot, Sherlock moaned again, but now John could see he was smiling, still with an arm over his eyes.  “That
“Did you share needles?”
What if Sherlock tired of him?  He could hear that, too: “John, you have been an interesting and sometimes entertaining experiment, but I now find this whole business of caring for another human being tedious; furthermore, sex is boring and messy, and I’m afraid I’ll have to delete this aspect of our relationship.  We will, of course, continue our friendship as it had been before.”
“Yeah.”  The two men gave John the list again, and he’d folded it back to tuck in his notebook when a new thought struck him.  “Oh, just out of curiosity, do either of you know Sally Donovan?”
“Please don’t laugh.”
“There’s something I should have told you long ago but never did,” says Sherlock.
Sherlock ignored him.  “I know.  You were expecting it.”
He opens his eyes.  “You’re beautiful,” he murmurs, words that make my chest ache.  No, John.  We’re beautiful.  This, us, together.  I use the moment to push my middle finger in, too, and he groans and arches, his hand moving faster over himself.  I move my hand so I can press his perineum with my thumb.  The smell of sex is heady.
“Patterns of aberrant human behavior.  Crime, mainly.”
Snapped uncomfortably out of his thoughts, like fresh gum being pulled up from a pavement by a shoe,  John sighed and told his not-so-soft cock to behave.
My metaphor gets away from me: I think nothing now but the tunnel of love.  If I told him, he would laugh, and we’d end up giggling (
The first time I performed oral sex on a woman I thought of the oyster.
John thought hard; he’d run out of things to talk about and still hadn’t found a way to see the soles of Owens’ shoes.  It wasn’t as if he could just walk into his bedroom and pull a pair from his wardrobe or casually ask to see them.  Maybe he could feign smelling dog poo and check his own soles, prompting Owens to do the same?  He saw that Owens kept a pair of wellies by the back door, but those wouldn’t have wear patterns on their soles.  He’d have to try another tactic.
John snorts.  “No, I imagine you don’t.”
And yet...
, thought John.
John didn’t know what to say, so he said nothing.  He watched some nonsense in which washed up celebrities attempted to eat caterpillars  and forced himself to eat the microwave popcorn she’d made.  Harry brought him a blanket and pillow and then sat on the sofa next him and cried.  “I’m sorry,” she said.  “I’m so sorry.  I’m a lousy sister.”
“I’ll be in touch.”  Lestrade leaned over, grabbed one more grape off the tray, and popped it in his mouth.  He winked at John, then turned to go.
“You would too if your skin were on fire.  It’s
Sherlock said something sleepy and muffled about being on holiday.
“You have lovely hands,” replied John.  “You really do.”
“Never.”  John could feel Sherlock’s breath, hot, through the soft cotton of his pyjamas.
“I want to know why a woman carrying a knock-off Hermes Birkin is compulsively purchasing the spa’s priciest package.”
“Oh, Lillian.  Great girl, Lillian. Done so much for us.”
He, Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson had delightful roast pheasant for supper, and after a game of snooker with the two of them (turned out Mrs. Hudson wasn’t half bad), John retired for the night.
Chapter 22: The Memento
“I told you before that I do not particularly like to be touched, and you are aware that I have very acute senses.  I’ve made my body transport for a reason, John.  If I paid too much attention to it I would never get anything accomplished.  I know.  I’ve made that mistake before.  Disconnecting the body from the mind was necessary to the work, and so I mastered my body.  However, I know that for most people, you included, attention to bodies is...important.  Necessary, even.  I...”  Sherlock chewed his words for a moment.  John let him.
“Yes,” thought John, “I will, I want to,” and then there was Theseus among the lilies, bronze cock erect and gleaming.  “It is time,” said Theseus, and…
“You did good work,” said John. “Sure you wouldn’t prefer to be a surgeon?
“Nothing about my life seems worthy of casual discussion to me, but if there is anything you desire to know, all you have to do is ask.  The most I could do is decline to answer.”
John took Sherlock’s hand, twining their fingers together.  “You can say no, but there’s something I think we should do before we leave.”
John crept forward until they faced each other, kneeling.  Their cocks met in the middle.  John shivered at the contact and smoothed his hands over the bald patch on Sherlock’s chest before his fingertips traced what was left of the fine hair there, then down, down, through the water, under Sherlock’s arms and around his back and over his arse before pulling him tight.  Their height difference was less obvious while they were kneeling, and John was able to mostly meet him eye-to-eye.
“Pansies usually signified ‘keeping you in my thoughts’ or some such nonsense.  To think of one fondly, to care for.”
Sherlock smiled.  “Not now.  When was the last time you ate?”
Lestrade hadn’t been kidding about the ivy.  John had been grappling with the stuff for three quarters of an hour.  After making sure Lestrade was occupied elsewhere, he went in search of the door to the garden.  He thought about just going back to the Holmes’ room and surveying the garden walls from there, but thought better of it.  He’d have to go past Sherlock, who would probably catch him at it and then he would be stuck explaining what he was doing.  He could probably just ask the man, but they’d just met, after all, and, although he was interesting, John wasn’t sure that he really wanted to get closer to yet someone else with addiction and psychological problems.  His sister was plenty, thank you very much.
Anderson snorted.  “We have no way of knowing that.  There’s no crime here.  What do you know, anyway?”
Sherlock looks at the large mouthpiece (a Miraphone TU39: Very Deep, 1.803" Cup Depth, 0.339" Bore, 1.260" Cup Diameter, Gold Finish) in John’s small, capable hand before taking it.  Their fingers brush.  He wraps his own large palm around the mouthpiece, testing the weight, feeling how it was warmed by John’s body.
She instantly looked concerned.  “Is there a problem, sir?”
“Feel something?” asked James, focusing his attention on the area.
Lestrade inhaled as if he were going to explain, but then he just kind of shook his head and smirked.
John thought of Sherlock’s youth, those lonely hours, how alone Sherlock always kept himself, how he was teased at school, how the world really wasn’t fair.  But he said nothing.
“It was low tar anyway.  Impossible to maintain a habit these days.  Mummy hated it.  It was all Mycroft’s fault I began in the first place.  He picked it up at school, thought it made him look dignified.  I stole them when he wasn’t looking and he had no one to complain to.”  Sherlock laughed darkly.  “Do you have a patch?”
Sherlock made a face.  “I may have damaged some equipment.  Once.  Or maybe twice.”
make Molly drop a clipboard.”
“I have my sources.”
“I’ll admit I’d entertained the idea before that day.  But seeing you like that, deducing what you must have felt for me to react so strongly, it just…”  He huffed a breath out his nose, unable to articulate exactly what it was he meant to say.  “And then I knew, later, as we drove back, you tight around me just like this.  That maybe you could be more than just my friend.
Sherlock opened a bottle of something, stuck his finger in it, touched it to his tongue, then made a face and hastily recapped it.  “Too ticklish.”
The early afternoon was spent checking into at the Premier Inn and then figuring out the bus route to Sarah’s surgery.
“I wouldn’t care if you did,” said Sherlock, stopping in front of the door.
“I love this moment,” said Fantasy Sherlock, and John’s own smaller fingers dipped lower, behind his balls.  “You’re always so tight here.  I’ve felt corpses looser than this.”
John huffed a laugh.  “Fabulous.  It’s still there, I take it.”
“Consulting detective,” corrected Sherlock, eyeing an expensive-looking microscope. “May I?”
, Sherlock?  What the fuck was that about?”
“That depends.  Go with the flow, Sherlock.”
The cab started moving again.  “So, how much do I know about hair removal?” said John, continuing the original conversation.  He put aside those nagging feelings and considered what he did know.   “It’s biologically fascinating, actually.  Adult humans grow body hair to distinguish themselves from children.  It’s a mark of sexual maturity; hair under the arms and on the groin holds in not only heat, but scent, pheromones, sex attractants.  And then people shave it off to be more sexy.  A bit counterintuitive.”
“I never realised removing one’s hair was a pre-requisite for being considerate.”
The exquisite realization of health;
“Perhaps.”
John opened his eyes wide in the dark, the pleasure coming now hard and fast.  He reached for his own cock and began to jerk himself off to the rhythm of Sherlock’s thrusts.  He was too tired to form cohesive sentences anymore but sound escaped his lips nonetheless, meaningless syllables of drawn-out vowels and half-formed curses mingling with Sherlock’s own rhythmic grunting.  The antique bed frame creaked with their movements like clockwork.
Mycroft took off his reading glasses and looked up.  “I’m not your father,” he said, trying for levity -- and failing.  “Of course.”
“Hmm.  Yes.  Unfortunately.”
John nodded.  A month, he thought.  No more than that. One month.
“A poppy seed,” John blurts out.
John swallowed audibly.
John shrugs.  The wine is good: Sherlock never selects anything but the best.  “Maybe you can convince him to play ‘Wonderwall’ and we’ll all chime in.”
“Here?  Are you sure?”
“But...why?  Why on earth would he have shaken the ladder?  It sounds like everyone respected your father.  Was it just an accident?  Why wouldn’t he have called for an ambulance?”
“It’s nice,” said Owens.  He ran his hand over his thinning hair, patting it down.
“I shall have to do it, then.”
Turns out Sherlock really does wank.
June was coming to a close, and with it, his opportunity to do something about his feelings.
Sherlock sat up, letting the duvet fall and the cooler air creep in, and then crawled over John and back under the duvet, wiggling himself down to the foot of the bed.  John himself didn’t like to be trapped under the covers (hot and claustrophobic), but Sherlock often did.  John presumed it had to do with his sense of smell, the way everything was trapped under layers of cotton and wool, the ripe and heady odours of sex.  He had been known to give an entire blowjob under there, from start to finish.
“Sorry,” said John, coming forward and offering his hand.  “John Watson.  I guess I’m lodging here for awhile.”
“Mr. Holmes has been a client here for many years.  He’s rather pleased with our newest package, but then again, most of our clients are.  There’s nothing like being able to truly relax and clear your mind, now, is there?”
“Truce,” called Sherlock after getting a direct hit to the face.  He wiped water out of his eyes and swam over to John, who had retreated toward the edge of the pool.
It was serendipitous then that Lestrade’s phone rang, and the conversation turned from the obnoxious topic back to a serious one, something about the case. John took notes on a small notepad as Lestrade spoke; traffic began moving (finally).
“He fell, didn’t he?  And you were there.  Did you push him?  Did you jostle the ladder?”
“And everyone’s still around.  They’ll be looking for us. I wouldn’t fancy being interrupted.”
“There’s something healing -- and I’m not insinuating you’re broken, so don’t even start -- about saying goodbye to the past, and hello to the future.”  He chuckled to himself, a memory surfacing.  “And christening the new place.”
John’s face grew hot, ashamed at himself for feeling whatever it was he was feeling, and turned away.  Sherlock’s business was Sherlock’s business.  After all, if John was attempting to find a romantic partner, why shouldn’t Sherlock?  Still, something about it turned his stomach.  Not
“Little buggers,” interrupted Mr. Campbell.
“This way,” he said quietly, and veered off the path.
“Does she have a name, then?”
“Hello.  Do you have a booking?” the woman behind the counter asked.
He was on his way out, just taking one last long look the room when he noticed something out of the ordinary.
_____________________________________________
John realised that he was staring a bit when Sherlock cleared his throat.
John did his best to give her a winsome smile.  “Is there any way I can speak to your manager?  I’m John Watson, and that git in the coat is...”
“I would prefer a proper forensics laboratory.  But I’ve managed so far.”  He led John over to a corner where his suitcase had been opened and unpacked.
“Hi,” he said, extending his hand.  “John Watson.  This is Sherlock Holmes.  Mycroft, his brother, gave us a bit of a surprise this weekend and sent us up here for a bit of relaxation.  He told me to ask for you in particular.  Says you give one hell of a massage.”
, when they ache, crave the touch of another, someone they trust, feel fondness for, maybe even love.  The world’s only consulting detective, mad gorgeous wanker of a flatmate, stood in this shower and
“You also have an impressive library,” Sherlock continued, pacing in front of the bookcases flanking the fireplace.  “Were you read to as a child?  It’s been proven that being read to as a child increases not only a child’s literacy but also his creativity, ability to problem solve, and general intelligence.  Your father wasn’t much of a reader, was he?”
“But I didn’t mind.”  Sherlock turned from the screen and looked at John, as if he were trying to figure something out about his own body.  Perhaps he just had.
“But I won’t remember it empty, furniture draped with covers.  I’ll remember it with you in it.  The way you looked the first night I came to find you.  I saw so much about you then, from the second you opened that door.  I wanted you even then, you know.  I didn’t recognise it, wouldn’t dare admit it to myself.  I was still half out of my mind, I suppose.”  Sherlock rolled onto his stomach and looked around the room from their vantage point on the bed.  “I sat in your chair that night,” he remembered.  “You gave me nicotine patches.  I was so thankful I could have kissed you.  I thought about you sometimes, that you’d be just downstairs, sitting there in your chair, reading.  Not long after I allowed myself a glimpse of a fantasy.”
Shit.  Oh fucking shit.
being gentle.  It was you, I recall, who all but demanded I do it with a bit more enthusiasm.  So if your arse is in a ‘state,’ it is not my fault.”
The time was drawing nigh, he could feel it.  He had better be prepared.
The local police weren’t long in coming, but it would take more than a few minutes to sort out all the details, and Lestrade and his team wouldn’t arrive until morning.  John made sure the officer in charge knew the basics and gave him the vial of what John was sure was some sort of medical-grade, super-high strength MDMA.  Lillian sat, quietly crying, as John explained.  His initial anger was gone, replaced by a mild sort of pity.  He honestly didn’t believe she was being purposefully malicious.  Ambitious, yes, but she wasn’t a psychopath.  She would now be facing manslaughter charges once they officially tied Brian Holleran’s death to the spa, and her other clients would likely press charges.
“She watched our wedding video.  But she didn’t mean mine and Mary’s.  She meant ours, Sherlock.  I married both of you that day.”
Sherlock finally smiles.
“You’re welcome,” said John.  “So…”
“Lack of,” corrected John.
“What’ll you do after?”
Sherlock held out a helmet.  “Trust me,” he said over the noise of the bike.
“So our perp wasn’t a punk.”  John replaced the print.
I also made a typo that Canola Crush found - I wrote "the hero in his full gory."  It made CC laugh, as she said, "for millennia".  What a difference an "l" makes.
Once, when I was at university, I purchased a durian from a supermarket in Chinatown. Its unusual and potent stench cleared the entire floor.  I actually ate the thing.  It was both disgusting and sensual.
“I did?”  Sally looked bemused.  “I don’t remember that.  Why?”
However, it wouldn’t leave me alone.  I wondered -- what would their “goodbye” to Holmes Hall have been like?  I wanted to see more.  And Scullyseviltwin, bless her, was so sweet to promote this fic that I decided she deserved a little smutty present.  This is for her birthday (very, very belated).  I have put a note in chapter 22 to indicate where this scene is inserted.
John returned to Holmes Hall a little after noon, stopped off at the kitchen to make himself a sandwich, and then thought he’d read for awhile in his room.  That idea, however, died the moment he opened the door to his room and saw Mycroft Holmes sitting at the desk.
“No.  My guess is that he wore DMs for years.  When he wore out one pair, he’d replace them with another.  If these are indeed the shoes worn by the person who killed my father, they would have been nearly three years old, so the soles were likely at the end of their lifespan anyway.  The risk of keeping the boots compounded with his fear of getting caught; hence, he threw them in the pond.”
“You’re my everything,” Sherlock whispered then, voice becoming thick with emotion.  “My all.”
Local CID:  What the hell is going on here?
Sherlock sighed.  “No.”
Chapter 16: A Revelation
“I feel you,” I hear him say.  “I can feel you coming.”
Next to him, Sherlock Holmes was flat on his back, fingers steepled under his nose, eyes closed.
could!  I’ll bet you a fiver we have had our first gay couple consummating their marriage.  That would explain the abundance of oil.  And the abundance of, um, semen.  Whatever would the old fart upstairs think?”
“Oh thank god for these,” he said.
“Are you sure you two are just here for rest and relaxation?”  Mischief played around her eyes.
John nodded and made his way inside.  The wound really hurt.  He cursed his unsteady hands, angry that something as simple as cutting twine posed a threat to his general well-being. He cleaned it well, trying not to bleed all over Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen.  Molly came in just as he finished.  He dried his hands on paper towel and took the gauze she held out for him to keep the wound closed while she got out a suture packet from an emergency surgical kit.
Sherlock continued.  “You left behind your boots, but you also took something with you.  Something sentimental, something to remember him by.  After all, you did love him.”
Sherlock pulled a face.  “Of course.”  And then, sombrely, “I’d tell you if I weren’t.”
His legs are shaking.  “We were...being broadcast...oh God...live on BBC News...everyone could see…”
“No,” giggled John, “No, you haven’t.  Not even close.”
“You taught him,” John huffed.  “Fantastic.  How well, Mycroft?  Is he even capable of loving someone?”
They stood there, leaning against the open casement and staring out into the dark, the playful mood of moments ago given way to quiet solemnity.  Eventually, John yawned.
“A full one?  Oh, a good week for it to look respectable.”  John turned from where he was staring out the window.  Traffic hadn’t moved.  “Can you even grow a beard?”
Then, John knew: the garden.  It was time to show Sherlock the garden.
John reached him in a few strides, took Sherlock’s face in his hands, and did a quick diagnosis - pupils normal and reacting, skin temperature normal.  He reached down and took his pulse - that too, was normal.  He found himself feeling tremendously relieved.
There was something simmering on the horizon, too, he could feel it.  He’d always been intuitive.  Something in the air pressure, maybe, in his ability to read people.  There was something about this place, though, that filled him with a sense of purpose, lit up his nervous system.  For the life of him he couldn’t figure out what it was.
?  Well, that’s clearly a rip-off.”
It’s a scramble into the position I want and John knows, he always knows, and he pushes his backside into the air and I part his cheeks with one hand and aim with the other.  My cockhead dips right into him, where he’s still loose, not all the way, not even past the corona, but it’s enough, and I make it just in time before I fill him full, orgasm contractions that roll through me like waves.
Eurus retrieves the instrument and swipes her thumb over the chin rest.  “Your DNA.  We share so much.  We should have been twins.”  The violin is returned to the bed and tucked in like a child.  “John likes you,” she says, shuffling back across her cell. “But he liked me more.”
“Might there be a corkscrew there?” he asks softly.
about sex; he can deduce who is sleeping with whom within the first 60 seconds of looking at a person, knows the signs of sex gone sour, secret affairs, deviant behaviour, paraphilia.  And Sherlock certainly knows that he had sex appeal and how to use it to get just about anything he wants except for honest companionship.  He speaks of emotional entanglements with disdain, sentiment with sarcasm, and sex with disgust.
Sherlock came up behind John and wrapped his arms around him.  “Let the dead stay with the dead, John,” he said softly.  “I prefer to be alive.”
enjoy John’s company: he’d said as much.
Sherlock’s eyes are shining and John’s heart is in his throat.  “Take care of her for me,” says Sherlock as he holds out his hand.
“Now.  Shall we discuss this business of investigating my father’s death?”
“Were you his nanny?”
“I won’t.”
“See?”
Drinking the last quarter of his beer in several quick swallows, Lestrade stood up and clapped John on the back.  “Think about it,” he said.  Then, “Can I ask you something?”
“It did, after what you did to my nose.”
“Still.  I value economy.”
John couldn’t think of anything coherent to say to that, so he simply said “Thank you,” and tried very hard not to break down.
Mycroft gave the pastries one final longing glance before sitting down at the table opposite where John had been.  “No, actually, I was hoping to speak with you.  I find you curious, John.  It’s been years since my brother has taken a personal interest in another person.”
“YES!” shouted John, sounding for all the world like an excited teenager.  “YES! Take that, arsehole!”
The dream still lingered, the feeling of being pressed close against another body still fresh in his mind.  Without a second thought he rolled over and jammed a pillow underneath him.  The urge to rut, to move his hips and fuck was so strong that he just went with it, humping the pillow like a teenager.  He clenched his buttocks tightly, pushing up and in and not even caring that there was no partner with him, no warm skin to hold, no tight heat to pump into.  It had been so long...months and months of absolutely nothing, no sexual desire whatsoever, that it overwhelmed him and before he knew it he was coming, spurting into the pillow as he held himself up with his arms and pushed his pelvis in, the roar of his blood a motorbike rumble in his ears.
John smiled and closed his eyes.  Soon he grew too warm.  Sherlock had fallen asleep, his breaths coming long and slow.  John kissed his curls and disentangled himself so he could actually sleep.  Tomorrow would be a long day.
Sherlock showed no signs of leaving.  John wasn’t quite sure what to do, so he stood there stupidly before putting the kettle on.
“Garden lime,” said John, leaning in.  “Work it in around the roots.”
My betas put in a stupid amount of time with this chapter.  It was probably the most difficult thing I've ever written, in terms of mystery, and I wouldn't have been able to do it (well, at least) without their help.  Just two more chapters to go, my friends.
“We can share pants.”
It takes a couple of attempts -- John drawing a breath and giggling instead -- before he manages.  Babies have done better.  Sherlock sighs.  “Try again.  No, stick them out a bit more.  More.  Now, blow.  Vibrate them.”
“Oh come on, Dad.”  The kettle clicks; she gets up and makes herself and her father a cuppa.  “You’re still wearing your ring.”
Sherlock caressed John’s hip, back, and shoulder, his long fingers tracing patterns on the skin as it cooled.  Emotion threatened to boil up and over: for as wonderful as he felt, high on sex hormones, John found himself swallowing down a tightness in his throat.
“You’re leaving after all?”  There really was a hint of disappointment in Sherlock’s voice.
John rather felt like he had a giant sign above his head, blinking “We’ve Just Had Incredible Sex” in red neon.  He and Sherlock had not come down from the honeymoon suite holding hands or giggling, neither of them had love bites (he’d checked, twice, just to make sure), and neither of them was walking crooked.  Yet when he and Sherlock approached the table on the veranda where the local CID Inspector, Lestrade, Mycroft and Phillip Leybourne were taking tea, the four of them stopped and stared.  John could imagine the thoughts in each of their heads:
Chris, a leggy man with tiny running shorts, ducked his head and smiled.  “I can’t help it if you’re all slowcoaches,” he said.
“How did I not notice this before?  Tragic, really.  Utter rubbish.  I must have deleted it.”
John supposed he was right.  Ever pragmatic, his lover.
She draws up a knee and leans her chin on it.  “Nina’s mum has a friend.  A single friend.  A single, interested friend.”
It was good, too.  Very, very good.
“Fourteen.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed.  “Yes, I have a licence and I assure you I am a perfectly safe driver.”
“Yeah.”  John narrows his eyes at her.  She’s always liked that story, romanticising it into ‘Sherlock’s Great Sacrifice.’  All these years, and John still has nightmares about it.  He continues.  “I met your mum and things clicked.  And then...well, things fell apart.  I’m sorry, Rosie.  I wish you could have known your mother.  You would have liked her; she was crazy about you. It’s not fair, what happened.  It’s not fair to both of us…I’m sorry.”
Mrs. Hudson was fretting about the kitchen in the morning.  She looked like she had gone to war with the contents of the pantry and lost: flour was smeared across her cheek, egg shells littered the workshop, and a box of oats had tipped over.  Something on the stove was burning, and she looked like she was ready to cry.
She’s right. So much for hiding in plain sight.
“Me too, but it’s the only one we’ve got.  Whoops, here’s some more.  Might as well strip all the pillows, dear.  This one’s fooked.”
“But still,” said Anderson.  “Who on earth would want to spray people with pistachios?”
“Well, let’s take a look,” said Mr. Chapman when he’d finished chuckling, unfolding the paper and laying it out on the table so both he and Mr. Campbell could look at it.
“Well, you should at least deduce that I am
“There’s no growth at all,” remarked John, brain back online.  “And if it was within the past twenty-four hours, I’d expect some degree of irritation, even if his denuding was routine.  Oh God.  Do you think it was done post-mortem?”
-Walt Whitman
John excused himself from Greg’s after a chummy afternoon of beer and football, suddenly feeling the need to go home.  He hadn’t received any summoning texts from Sherlock, which was unusual.  Feeling happy, full, and a little bit drunk from the last can of lager he really should have declined, John took the tube home.  He reviewed their latest case in his mind, trying to think of salient points for his blog.  He finally clarified a title in the time he walked from the station to 221B, and he was certainly not thinking about sex, which is why, when he opened the door to the sitting room, he couldn’t help but gape, mouth open, at the scene in front of him.
John raised an eyebrow but said nothing.  He’d heard
“Point taken, John.”
“What do you want?”
The violinist was extraordinary.  Even without any real musical training, John could tell that the piece was intricate and challenging.  Sometime during the first movement, John risked a glance at his flatmate, who suspiciously was showing none of his usual signs of being forced to be still: no jittery legs, tapping fingers, gnashing of teeth.  In the darkness, Sherlock sat with his eyes closed.  He looked like a statue.  Asleep, even.  Well, if he wanted to sleep through the thing, so be it.
He turned, then, stuffing his cold right hand into his pocket, and decided to check out the greenhouse that sat directly north of the manor house.  It was a beautiful stand-alone structure of cobblestone and glass.  Clutching his cane, John made his way to it, and let himself in.  It smelled delightful -- the warm, fecund smell of botanical life that was absent from the crisp outdoor air.  He allowed himself to wander up and down the rows, taking in the delicate orchids perched in their colorful glazed pots, the hothouse heirloom tomatoes, peppers, hanging baskets of flowering vines, several citrus trees with green fruit on, and oh!  What was this? John laughed to himself as he fingered a tall, healthy-looking cannabis plant, flourishing in a large growbag.  He wondered if the stuffy Mr. Holmes knew it was here.  Herbs grew in abundance along the back of the greenhouse, and the west side was dedicated to countless trays of seedlings -- no doubt to be planted soon when the danger of hard frost had passed.
Her efforts had essentially saved Willow Cross from bankruptcy.  Leybourne was very pleased with her but wished his son had more interest in the place.  He rarely, if ever, sets foot in the spa himself.
But John - oh, John.  So
“It’s too connected for me,” he said at last.  “Sentiment and touch.  It makes me feel.”
“Put your clothes back on,” he said after indulging in another brief but enticing lip lock.   “We’ve got to get back down there.  You sure you’re OK?”
“Too bad,” said the manager, and gave him a knowing look.  Ah yes, another one.
The three of them cooked a late supper together, and Sherlock explained his plans of moving to London with John.
it.  Or show it with kissing.  Kissing would be nice.
“Not exactly the same,” breathed John.  “You know, that actually feels quite nice.”
John laughed.  Normal biological response.  How many times had he said that himself?
“Ours,” said Sherlock.
John wiped his brow on his forearm and held out the shovel.  “You have a go then,” he said grumpily.  “Bloody thing has roots of steel.”  It was a hazy-hot late August afternoon: he’d already been stung once by a wasp and Sherlock was doing little other than being bossy and unhelpful.
“Suit yourself,” said John, lying back on the table and dangling his feet over the side.   He thought about all the times he had seen his flatmate’s naked feet.  Even his toes were long and slender, like his fingers, and he was prone to wiggling them when bored.  “Observe all you want, but don’t ruin it for me.”
“I think it would be highly unlikely that he wouldn’t have taken the ladder down with him if he had simply fallen.  Instinctively, he would have tried to hang on, would have fumbled for it, or knocked it out from underneath him as I did when I fell.  Whoever was in the garden with him must have continued to hold the ladder.”
“Believe me, Sherlock, you couldn’t take anything from me that I didn’t want you to.”
They were now in the main gallery hallway on the second storey, where a row of stern-looking men gazed at them from gilt-framed paintings.
.  Vaguely he knew he was dreaming, but it wasn’t a threatening dream -- vivid, yes, but not terrifying like his nightmares, those soul-sucking terrors that rose up from his unconscious like some monstrous, pale, surfacing fish.  There was a window here, an opportunity to wake up.  He ignored it and continued on, curious as to where the path would lead.
“He doesn’t see things like most people do, John.”
She blushed, picked up a pitchfork, and waved it in a bit of a salute. A piece of straw fell in her hair.
John keeps his eyes on his daughter.  “I did, once.  I do in a way.  It’s just…”
Sherlock sniffles beside him.  John wonders if he’s crying.  He squeezes John’s hand.
John snorted.  “He said he wants the key to his flat back and that he’s leaving tomorrow.”
“In your brother’s office.”
“What do you remember of him, Sherlock?” Mrs. Sandhurst asked.
“That was a trip down memory lane I could have done without,” Sherlock muttered.
John beckoned him back; he went.  “God, yes.  Monumentally relieved,” said John, taking Sherlock’s large hand and kissing the knuckles.  “Come here.  Sit down.  Let me explain.  ‘Raging size queen’.  Hmmph.  Oh my God, Sherlock, if you only knew.”
“God,” laughed Lestrade, “Just glad Sally’s not with us.  You know what it’s like doing surveillance with her?”
Finding his jacket, John pulled out the box of acupuncture needles, went to sit at the table in the big bay window, and spilled out its contents of ten blister packs of twenty needles each.  These needles were small, nearly two inches long.  Each was tipped in red (color-coded for gauge thickness, he’d read earlier) and encased in a plastic tube.  John was familiar with needles, but he had never examined acupuncture needles before.  Curious, he opened one and tested its sharpness with the tip of his index finger.  He frowned, thinking, before getting his computer.  A quick search on YouTube yielded hundreds of acupuncture demonstrations.
“Um, Sherlock…”
HE CRIES
Finally sated, he rinsed off and climbed out of the bath to see himself naked in the mirror.  He’d gained some muscle, and his arms and face were rather tan again from working out of doors.  His cock, now flaccid, hung between his legs in its nest of red-gold pubic hair.  The scar on his leg, which had troubled him so much before, was, of course, still there, but now its faded pink arrow seemed to say, “Right there, love.  That is where the action is.”
“I didn’t see you yesterday.”
.  Would you like me to give you a tour of it as well?”
“So you know a lot about serial killers, then?”
In case you're interested: treatment for invalided soldiers
“No.  I can control it.”
“Well, yeah, Sherlock.  You can’t simply waltz in some place and ask to observe genital waxing, Sherlock.  What did you think they’d do?  Just let you sit there, magnifying glass three inches from some girl’s intimate bits and take notes?  That was really poorly-thought-out.”
John looked up from where he was stablising the ladder.  “You’ll fall.”
They lay there in the dark, flat on their backs, until Sherlock --wonder of all wonders-- yawned.
“You really think so?”
John waited to hear the door downstairs close before he took his spot across from Sherlock to eat his scone - they were delicious -  and pour himself tea.
John had a good time.  His monkfish ravioli was excellent, and he and Jenny hit it off; he was thrilled to see her respond and flirt back to his subtle advances.  He looked in every once and a while on Sherlock, who turned out to be rather helpful on some of the more obscure categories but knew nothing about popular culture (Adele who?) or politics (Was there an election recently? Who won?).  For the most part, Sherlock ate his chips and sat quietly, people-watching.  John thought he was playing a game of deduction in his own mind that was far more interesting to him than pub trivia questions.  But he didn’t seem uncomfortable or too terribly bored, so John felt free to continue his flirtation.  Jenny was pretty and clever and funny.  Maybe he’d get her phone number.  Maybe, if he were incredibly lucky, she’d invite him home with her...
style dungeon under the house.
Just then, a sharp rap at the door startled them both.  John dove under the covers as Sherlock sat up; their skulls nearly colliding in the process.
“You think.”
Several hours later he woke up from a night terror, sweating and shaking.  He got up, used the toilet, washed his face, and tugged on his slippers and dressing gown.  It was 4am.
“John?”
“I’d rather hoped you’d say that.”  Sherlock smiled then, a shy smile that John nipped at with his own lips.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock looked perfectly innocent as John’s mind, again, dissolved into a tangle of incoherence.  “So you have sex toys.
John, amused, shook his head in the negative.
“You’ve done a good job, Dad.  It’s not like you’re lonely.”
She handed the muff to John.  Funny accessory, really.  He couldn’t imagine it had ever been fashionable.  It was soft, though.  He stroked a hand over it, suddenly reminded of a conversation he’d had with Sherlock not too long ago.
“I have beer,” said Owens from the kitchen.  “Or I suppose I could make a brew?.”  John was struck with the realisation that Owens had been so removed from anything resembling a social life for so long that he’d forgotten the protocols and was unsure how to proceed.
“And...I don’t see anything that looks defensive.  Too many windows.”  He turned in place, looking up.  “And there’s some ornamental masonry there.  The walls are rather thick, but I don’t think this was a defensive fortress.”
“Not so bad,” John finally stammered.  “Here, let me.”  He replaced Sherlock’s hand on the muff with his own, and began a slow rhythm with it.  Encased in the tunnel of fur, their cocks rubbed and bumped companionably.
John laughed.
“No one.”
As much as it often got to him, he
for narcotics, do you?”
“Oh let’s see.  I’d get in about 9am on the days I worked.  I’d start in the kitchen, make sure it was clean, and check the list Lilly would leave for me.  She usually had specific things she wanted me to assist with.  In the afternoon I’d do laundry, sort the post, wash dishes, that kind of thing.  After the children were born I did a considerable amount of baking.”
So, ignoring it then.  Might as well.
Also, thanks to my friend Bettyswallocks who reads all of my things and told me my first attempt at this was shit. Well, not shit, but she “wasn’t feeling it” so I scrapped it and started over.  And Canolacrush, who spent probably, oh, 14 hours editing this.  Seriously.  What a trooper.  Any errors you find are the result of me failing to fix something she’s pointed out.
“Ha.  No.  Not at all, really.  But Harry did use it once.  I remember.  She had this friend, Nadia.  Harry’s first crush.  Sadly for Harry, Nadia was straight.  But Nadia gave Harry this flower, I forgot what it was, something after a show Harry had done...she liked to act… and Harry had put it in that flower press.  Then she framed it and kept it by her bed for ages.  Maybe,” mused John, “the person who took your dad’s buttonhole did the same thing.  Preserved it, somehow.”
Harry didn’t have anything to say to that, so she abruptly rang off, and John was left holding her old mobile.
Sherlock laughed then and flopped back onto his back, looking rather smug.  John could see the outline of his erection under the sheet.
“Oh for God’s sake, Dad.  Sherlock!”
I swallow, nod.
It was getting dark by the time they finished giving their statements to Anderson and Donovan, but John was still riding the high from the earlier foot chase and his and Sherlock’s adventure.  Finally they were free to go, and they walked back to the motorbike through dust-covered grass.
“No sane client would be out in this weather,” said he.  He stood up all the same and, with a shiver, headed off for the stair, and a warm set of clothes.  I took the place he had vacated; the seat was warm, his trace remaining.  I burrowed down, I lit my pipe, I watched the coals pop in the hearth.
It was, indeed, almost that time.
“I do not snore,” he said, indignant.  He leaned forward to untie his boots.
,” said he.  “My word, I've never heard such rot.”
He shrugged.
“It is best that we say nothing of
“Murdered!  But how?  What happened?”
“Do you want...?” I asked.
bought me flowers.  Is it the done thing?  You're a madman, John.”
I set down my paper and looked across at him.  “Stop it,” I said.  “Just stop with all this now.  I have a bottle of oil that will remove the paint from your hands.  Stop behaving like a child.  Mrs. Hudson does not smell like a turnip,” I added sharply.
“I'm very bad at jacks.”
Holmes's facial expression became martyred.
“I must attempt to find Eldritch,” my friend said at last.  “So I will contact Lestrade.”  And this he did.
“Victor, do I have your permission to examine the contents of the bureau?”
.  There you are.  I'm cold and wet, and miserable.  This day could not get any worse.”
“Tell you what?”  My heart was palpitating, frantic.
He looked at me, his chest still heaving.  “I don't know.”  He tucked and smoothed his shirt.  “Forgive me.”
“Eggs,” I said, not caring to elaborate.
The early Friday morn saw me awake and in a tussle with my thoughts, for I do so loathe unpleasant dreams.  I threw myself onto my side and found myself within the same space as my friend.  He – rather astonishingly, given my restless state – was fast asleep, his breathing deep and calm.  One bare shoulder and the top half of his chest above the sheet, for of course, it being summer – and being us – there was no need for the full regalia of nightshirt or all the rest of it.  The air was thick despite our window being open a part way.
The dog was nosing around the doorstep, but upon hearing its master's foghorn of command it trotted off to keep his heel.
about?  You never read!”
Behind our wall, we waited until the footsteps had receded.  Holmes slapped my shoulder.
“Yes, from a distance,” said the lad.  “If you must write your telegram, then I shall call for Jane so she can take it to the village.”
“I wish that I knew exactly what I was making worse,” I mused aloud.  “I wish you'd tell me, Holmes.”
“Of course,” I said.  I nestled in his arms, inhaled the smell of him, the wood chips and the warmth around his collar, with my nose against his neck.  I kissed his throat; I felt the throb, the pulse, the strength behind the stubbled skin.  I breathed and sighed, and nudged him back against the bench with less resistance than expected – for after all, I had intruded on his industry.
“Do you like that, as well?” I asked.
A speckle of dark-dried mud upon a stocking.
He did not look at me while saying this.  Rather, he agitated at the coffee pot, and rattled with his spoon.
“Oh, are we back to him again?  It's what he is.  Don't be naïve.”
“How could you possibly know what I was going to say?” he complained.
Still much later, when the tumult had subsided, and we were back from town together, and dinner had been eaten, and we were sitting with our brandies, I cast my eyes across to Holmes.  Still handsome – devilishly so – and lean, as much as ever.  A fleck of grey now at his temple, a line or two across his brow, but still as sharp, almost as vigorous, as the first day that we had met.  More human?  Yes.  Completely?  No.  For age could never wither his distaste for all society, nor temper his wild nature, still bohemian, forever pulling on the bit.
“Oh, I am feeling rather better,” said the lady.  “Not quite there, but not far off.  What do you have for me today?  More of those powders, I suppose?”
Holmes looked at me sideways.  “I know that tone of voice,” he said.  “And it spells trouble for my buttons.”
“I am so glad,” said Adams, reaching out a hand to shake our own.  “Well, what a weekend!”  And he chuckled once again.
He reached across and squeezed my hand.
.  Now, what do you make of that?”
“What did the servants have to say?” I asked.
His mouth on mine, demanding, hot.  My arms around his back and holding on for my dear life, and pressed together as we were, sharing our halting breath, we lost all sense and courtesy.  He pushed me to the sofa, laid me down, and set to worshipping my neck with tongue and teeth.  I moaned, delirious, mussed his raven hair to madness, panting curses in his ear.  At length he raised his head: his face was flushed; his eyes an intense burnished silver that consumed me to the core.
“Was there any gun residue on the back of his head? Or fingerprints in the car?” John asks, trying to remember what Sherlock does at a crime scene.
"Bet Sean Connery wouldn't do that." He observed, cheekily.
He blushes and nods, moving to sit on the couch.
He whimpers and does as he's told.
Sherlock looks down at himself. “Am I fatter?” Sherlock asks.
"Good boy." She praises and smiles brightly.
John mewls softly as Clark washes his hole, still sensitive.
"Yeah. To tell you the truth I haven't been on a date in ages." She blushes. "So you'll have to bare with me." She smiles.
“Mm so good to me.” She grins and kisses him. “I’m going to make you so much fucking money tonight.” She smirks before prancing off.
Crystal hums happily and nuzzles against him, relaxing.
John groans, licking and sucking at Sherlock’s breasts. He leaves suck marks and light bruises over them.
He nods and moves between his legs.
"Can we go relax and cuddle? Please?"
He bites his lip. "No."
He mewls and stands. “Yes, sir.”
"I'm sorry.."
He whimpers softly and kisses him back trying to show him how good he can be for his Daddy.
John kisses him back ecstatically.
"Oh Christ.. You think it happened to Lydia? But why would Sky lie?"
He blushes as he drinks.
Sherlock swallows. "Punish him first for talking back to you, Sir.. Then talk to him. Tell him dirty things until he can't take it anymore, Sir.." Sherlock blushes and Greg moans.
He moans and arches a bit, gripping his chair.
The club is flooded with couples and groups and a lot of single guys here for Sky.
He kisses her back softly, cuddling her close as he pulls away.
Greg blushes and opens his mouth for her.
"It's alright. They should still be sleeping in Sherlock's room. We can go sleep in my old room so we don't wake them." John says after he pays the cabbie and they get out of the cab. He holds Mycroft up as he unlocks the door.
“It went as well as we could have hoped.” Sherlock nods. “She’ll be alright. Your contact is going to make sure she has somewhere safe and secure to stay.”
“You’re doing so good. Staying so hard for me.” She purrs.
Greg looks at the time. “I’ll tell Mycroft and Sherlock to meet us at 10. We can go out for drinks before we meet up.” He offers.
“It was a psychosomatic limp that flares up every once in a while.” John hums.
Lydia steps closer. "You're in the hospital, Sherlock. Your concussion worsened and you had to be rushed into emergency surgery. How are you feeling?" She talks softly and slowly.
"Mm. We've got such a nice slut.." He smirks. "Hands and knees."
"Who wants to go feed some penguins?" She smiles.
“What does that mean? That I’m going to live as long as Sherlock and Crystal?” Greg asks. He had never believed in palm reading, or crystal balls, or tea leaves, he used to just amuse his girlfriends when they did it to him. And that’s what he does to Margaret, just amuse her in her palm reading, but take no notice.
He walks out to the car with them.
“That’s a good girl.” Greg praises, pulling the panties up and on her to keep everything in place before doing the same with the bra. “You look so good.” He licks his lips.
“Oh I think so.” Margaret nods.
"I love you, too.."
She pulls up at the estate the same time as Jean and Benny.
He kisses higher neck and back.
‘I’ll let you know if anything changes here.’
“I can make a scary face or do a scary voice.” Lydia giggles.
"Lets celebrate, yeah?"
“Come on, Greg. Fuck her with me.”
"Mhmm so much." She smiles and nuzzles him.
Sky leans back against the wall of the booth and takes deep slow breaths. She looks pale and tired.
He cries out as he comes hard.
He frees her from the bondage.
Sherlock frowns. “You don’t have to.”
"Please what? What do you want?" He bites at his throat as he pushes him into the mattress as he lays on top of him.
"John." He gasps softly and bites his lip.
They set up the game.
“I.. we’ve had a lot of things to deal with that were out of our control..”
"We'll be okay.. He couldn't have done anything to the flat."
“You’re welcome, baby.” He cuddles him and nuzzles him.
He whimpers and moans, baring his neck. "Yes.. Please, John.."
She smirks and kisses down her body, spreading her legs again. "Stay still for me."
He smirks. "Mm.. What is it currently?"
Sky hums softly as she watches him eat, having finished her second one already.
She presses close to him and slowly falls asleep.
He rubs his hand, smiling softly. "It's okay, love.. No one knew.. I didn't even know.. It's not your fault."
She smiles softly and nods. “He’s good. You reminded me a lot of him when we first met.”
“Good girl. Fuck. Such a good girl.” He groans and keeps fucking her, so close.
"Just relax and don't move." Sky says softly and stands in front of them. She holds her hand up as the people arrive their rows part and they walk right around Michael and the tiger, not seeing them because Sky's powers.
Sky takes the keys and goes down to the car. "Good luck. Keep me in the loop, yeah?" Sherlock hums as he kisses Greg then Mycroft.
“That’s really nice.” He smiles.
He blushes as he wakes. "Mm?"
John nods, just enjoying floating in sub space.
Darius kisses over his jaw and neck before pulling back a bit to nuzzle him.
“Good girl.” He praises, rubbing her clit teasingly.
He smirks and turns up the vibrator.
He whines and whimpers. He biting his lip and gyrates his hips needy.
He nips at his lips. "Good boy."
Sherlock blushes as he looks at Samuel. Collin smiles. "Sherlock, this is Samuel. He's going to be staying with us at the estate from now on. He's never been with a man before, so I figured you'd be the perfect start. Because I know you're a good boy and can take his cock nicely."
He holds her close.
"It's Veronica." Sky shows him the text. **What is taking your sexy ass so long to get here?--Veronica**
He stiffens a bit. “I didn’t have that much last night. Not nearly as much as I have previously.”
She smiles and follows him to the shower.
Sherlock grins and licks his lips. “My mate. Pregnant with my pup.” He all but purrs, his alpha side deeply pleased.
“Do you know of anyone who might have been at the house that day? Someone who may have seen anyone?  There were two groundskeepers Sherlock mentioned, Luke Simmons and Mitchell Amos.  Do you know where they might be now, or if I could talk to them?”
“You’d be right.”
“Friends?”  She snorted.  “He doesn’t have friends.  He uses people to get what he wants.  He’s a master liar and manipulator.  I’d stay away from him if I were you.”
“Oh,” said John, trying to find something else to talk about that didn’t involve rubbing.  “I got you something today.”  He reached into his backpack and pulled out the chemistry text.  “Met with Mr. Chapman in the morning.”  He laughed to himself.  “I actually bought an antique copy of
“No, actually.  I sent a message to her yesterday.  I said you may be gone all night and that she should make arrangements to stay at a friend’s.”
“She said you just...left.”
“Hey, wait a second,” said John, who was ignored completely.  Sherlock attacked his wardrobe next.  He looked like some overgrown rodent digging a burrow, jumpers and t-shirts flying behind him like clumps of dirt.  John raised his voice.  “Look, you crazy git, they’re in my bag.”
“Hey!  That’s nothing to laugh about!”
“You don’t know that.”
“I’m ambivalent about facial hair, John, but I thought...”  he looked shy all of a sudden, and swam back in the pool a bit so that they weren’t touching anymore.  “...I thought you would find it off-putting.  And I was hoping...that one day... one day you might kiss me and I didn’t want you to...feel so different...with a man and...so I shaved every morning, every single morning...just in case.”  Sherlock trailed off, looked down, and ran his hands over the surface of the water.
John took the hint and began to manipulate muscles in earnest.  Sherlock was so
“You never said you were a botanist.”
John wiggled out of Sherlock’s arms and stretched.  “Think it took,” he said, smiling.
John watched something change in Mycroft’s eyes; he
“You’ve got a heck of a garden,” continued John, realising he probably sounded like an idiot.  “I’ve been doing some gardening myself this summer.  I never knew how satisfying it could be.  Getting your hands dirty, seeing the fruits of your labour.”
“It didn’t,” John confirms.  “But now you’re not sulking any more, are you?”
“Hmm-mm.  Even more so than the rest of me.”
,” John read quietly, “
“This is stupid,” he muttered.
“Sex aids. Vibrators, dildos, butt...”
“No.  I’m positive he fell.”
“I hadn’t thought about it.  You look tired,” says Sherlock.  “Go and get some rest.”
“No, that’s right out.”
“What about you?  Thought you’d stay in London forever.”
“Did you find something interesting, then?”
“Been awake long?”
“What a beautiful day,” she said dreamily after taking a swig of Becks.
Sherlock actually shivers.  “Oh?”
“Worried you’ll enjoy it, then?”
“I’m not thinking about the case.”
“The town bully, huh?”
“I’m sure he kept it.  He wouldn’t have taken it just to have thrown it away.”
“He said something about ‘circular breathing’ over tea and then this started up.  Mr. Chatterjee is so put out that he said something drastic would happen if Sherlock doesn’t relent.  Speedy’s is completely empty!”
What?  My brows draw together as I make some noncommittal noise.  Am I?  I’m not sure.  His entire body is a feast.  I delight in all of it, to be honest.
Sherlock studies his fingernails.  “Might have done.”
Molly shook her head and pursed her lips together, as if she knew something more but was not interested in sharing.  John suddenly felt very sorry for her and wondered how long she’d been pining after Sherlock.  He couldn’t imagine how one would even approach him, ask him on a date or something.  Tempt him with a crime scene?  Offer him a trip to a mortuary?  He smiled at the thought.  Sherlock had insinuated that he was gay.  If he even had a type, what would he be?  A suave intellectual?  A gormless prettyboy?  A flamboyant artist? John tried to picture Sherlock with another man, at a restaurant sharing a bottle of wine, or a concert, or even just sitting around reading the paper.  He failed utterly.  Whoever was special enough to hold Sherlock’s interest, it sure wasn’t Molly.
John read until his eyes were bleary -- everything from acupuncture to Zen meditation -- and when he realised that Sherlock was likely going to be up all night doing whatever he was doing, John took his clothes to the bathroom, brushed his teeth, and changed into pyjamas.  He had wanted to sleep naked, but with Sherlock’s earlier behaviour and the case preoccupying his mind, he thought better of it.  Maybe tomorrow night.  Battle plan, Watson.  Case first, Sherlock second.
It really doesn’t matter, though.  John’s memorised every part of Sherlock, including the one he’s thinking about now as he slips his free hand inside his pyjama bottoms.
it.  Which was fine for Sherlock, who willingly wriggled his arse in the air and begged --or sometimes demanded-- John fill him full, a task John performed with love, reverence, and often a bit of wickedness.  He too loved that moment when he guided himself to Sherlock’s arsehole, teased him with the glans a bit, then sunk in, very, very slowly, so they could both savour the exact...moment...of... penetration.
” he whispered.  “It moves on its own.  No discernible pattern.  Just movement.”
Sherlock had left his clothes
“I simply control the transport,” said the detective icily.
Sherlock smiled, a little closed-mouth smile, before nodding.  “Goodnight, John.”
going on in Sherlock’s amazing brain, he usually kept it to himself, except on very rare instances when a case was particularly gruesome - or if he couldn’t solve it.
“Try not to say anything untoward while I’m getting my feet done, OK?”
area.  Women.
“I wouldn’t know.”
“Have you fingered yourself before, John?” asked Fantasy Sherlock.
“Sadly, no.  I’ve built a mind palace.  It’s a mental filing system of sorts.  Allows me to access obscure things I’ve memorized by linking them to more accessible schema.”
Sherlock made some noise deep in his chest.
“No,” said John just as Sherlock said, “his leg.”  Their eyes met again - Sherlock’s expression was completely schooled, although John could tell there was something
knowing that John would see them.  His phone would be with his clothes - the only way John could communicate with him would be to go and find him - likely Sherlock’s intention.  Well, Sherlock had said he liked to swim.
John shrugged.  “Honestly, I don’t know.  Leeds, I suppose, if I want to keep my job.”
Chapter 19:  Tilling the Soil
“No.  Once, when I was at medical school.  Strictly clinical.”
“I don’t know.  Good.  Quite fetching, even.  Did you get it cut or something?”
Well, my brain isn’t entirely broken, I think, as I step into the bathroom, barefoot.  A cursory glance around the room tells me John has showered at a less than comfortable temperature (glass clear of mist, tiles cool against my feet, distinct lack of humidity).  I lick my lips, taste salt and remember John, the feel of his mouth on mine.  I have always found hope to be a foolish emotion, but in those moments, my heart and body naked there before him, hope was all I had.  And joy!  So much joy.  Fierce, piercing joy.  It all but paralyses me.
“Yes, it really is something, isn’t it?”
“You were also a soldier.”
John let himself out, struggling with the tapestry.
“I used to be quite fit,” said John, catching his breath and relaxing his body: game over.
“It’s a dark place you’re asking him to go.”
“You don’t order unless you’re going to eat.  We’re on a case,” said John quietly,  “and you ate this morning.”
,” he said as acidly as he could with his split lip, bitten tongue, and swollen nose.  He glared hard at John before turning back to the wallpaper.
Gathering his courage, John slipped his hand under the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers, his fingertips working their way under the elastic of his pants, through the warm, crisp hair of his groin, closer and closer to what was sure to be an absolutely gigantic…
“I know.”
He found he was rarely hungry.  He drank tea, and when his blood sugar got so low he got the shakes he managed a few crisps and sometimes toast. Nothing even sounded good anymore.  Usually a man known for a bit of an unruly temper, John now found that very little -- not even the aggravating chip-and-pin machines-- roused his ire. Everything seemed so very pointless.
John’s finger found the button for the window, jamming it down as his good senses were assaulted.
Sherlock appeared 15 minutes later looking less pale and smelling significantly better.
“How’d you know I was a doctor?  Or in the army?”
“I read your e-mails, John.”
Thanks for reading, everyone.  Enjoy the smut.
They rode in silence for a block before traffic slowed to a crawl.
The lamp over the doorway casts a golden glow onto the lovingly restored wattle and daub exterior.  It would be a fine home.  Rosie’s voice echoes in his mind:
John thought of Sherlock on the floor of his bedroom, covered in sweat and grime.  He honestly couldn’t picture the man doing anything posh, much less using formal place settings.  From what he had briefly seen of the man, he was as slovenly as his brother was refined.  “Maybe try some plain porridge,” he said.  “Or a banana.  His stomach is probably still really tetchy.   Anything heavy should probably wait.”
John felt his face heat.  “Well, good,” he said, tugging his shirt back into place.  “Glad that’s settled.”
“Cold?” asked John, at length.  “Bloody hot in here but you’ve got goose pimples on your backside.”
Sherlock turned the key and the sound seemed to resonate within John, announcing the end of one phase in his life and the beginning of the next.  And while he didn’t generally like confinement, the locking of the door also seemed like a promise, the promise of having Sherlock to himself, without interruption from the outside world.  It was a gift of sorts.  He was thinking for a minute until one of those decorative pillows hit him in the chest.  Sherlock was flinging them about the room with gusto.
“We are?” John asks, suspicious.
John was thoroughly enjoying himself, so much so that he forgot he was holding tightly to another man until the green fields, moors, and little villages gave way to Leeds’ urban sprawl.  At a traffic light he removed his hands from Sherlock’s sides in favour of the grab bar.  Sherlock seemed to know his way around Leeds well enough, and soon they were at the collection of mismatched buildings known as St. James Hospital.
“I feel much better about that now, thanks,” John grumbles.  “Yeah, why not.  You can get a good laugh out of it, at least.”
Together they waded to shore, where Sherlock carefully placed the boots on the grass before grasping John in a tight (if cold and wet) embrace.  “This was a brilliant idea,” he said, stepping back, cupping John’s face in his big hands, and kissing him soundly, with just enough force to make John’s rather cold penis give a slight twitch of interest.  Sherlock pulled back, picked up his prize, and began to trek back to the house.  John was momentarily distracted by Sherlock’s bum in tight, wet pants before he realised he was being left behind.  “Wait!” he called.  “Your clothes!”
A minor case occupied most of their free time the second week after they’d returned from Scotland, and at its conclusion John thought that a kiss might be on the imminent horizon; John had praised Sherlock for his quick thinking and Sherlock had smiled, almost beamed, his entire face wrinkling in that way it does when he really means it, and John had wanted to reach up, to pull that face down and press their lips together, and he likely would have had they not been interrupted by the arrival of the delivery boy with their pizza.
John thumbed open the text.
Afraid to even breathe, John looked up.  He was oddly aware of the rapid increase of his pulse.  A strange sensation in his chest made him briefly wonder if he was having a heart attack.  Sherlock’s eyes were still closed.  “Please continue,” he said.
“Is it?  What are you going to do if I keep talking?  Are you going to shout at me?  Tell me I’m stupid and know nothing because I’m just a teenager?  That you’re not gay?”  She drawls this last word out, mocking.  “No one even fucking cares about that anymore!”
“It doesn’t glow in the dark, does it?”  John queried.
“Of course.”
“Reading my mind again?” asked John.  Was he really nervous?  Maybe a little.  Excited, for sure.  Randy as hell?  Yes.
Sherlock stood there, brow furrowed.  His mouth opened and shut several times, as if he were trying to figure out the proper protocol for further communication.  John took pity on him.
Toby took a sniff, found it uninteresting after all, and made for the door.  John pocketed the keys, replaced the tin and covered it back up with the stone, retrieved his gun and birds, and followed the dog.
She expressed her sadness when Sherlock told her that Holmes Hall was going to be put up for sale and recalled enjoying her employment with the Holmeses.
John took a break from the kissing to push Sherlock’s hair out of his face, kiss his brow.  The dark let the words come easier.  “You want my arse, don’t you?”
“Orgasm.”
“Sherlock.”
, he told himself as he pulled off his vest and wiped himself.  He owed himself four months’ worth of orgasms, and if it meant he behaved like his fifteen-year-old self, so be it.  No harm done.
She frowns and looks up, seeing Matthias in the hallway. “I’ll fix this. I promise.” She whispers and leaves Greg with Mycroft, walking down the hall with Matthias. “Still up for doing something stupid?”
Mycroft groans quietly as he frees his erection. "Christ.."
"Mm. Doing some hard work?" Mycroft licks his lips as he looks at John.
Sky lets him into the room and closes the door behind them. Ezra is under the puppy pile, her tail wagging excitedly as some of the pups try to catch it. David is talking to Dark and Darius.
Collin hums. “Mm. Think you can fit my cock in your cunt with Greg and John can take your mouth?”
Mycroft chuckled. "Then I'll be up peeing all night."
He mewls softly, the stress in his body melting away.
Mycroft smiles. “You’re doing so well. I’m so proud of you.” He says softly as he stroked his finger back and forth.
He moans into the kiss, opening his mouth for him.
Sherlock rests his hand on John’s leg, needing the physical connection. He didn’t realize how much being away from him for two days had taken its toll. “Did you find any similarities in soulmates? Anything that could connect them?”
She cries out, coming around her fingers.
Myropis smiles as he straddles Mycroft’s legs the plate of food resting on Mycroft larger belly as he feeds them both. “I’ll take good care of you. You’ll never have to move a muscle ever again.” He smiles.
Greg frowns at that and looks at Sky.
Mycroft chuckles softly.
The men snap their hips into her.
He moans loudly and pushes back against her. "Yes!!"
“I love you.”
“No you’re not.” She giggles and stretches up to kiss him.
“Shaun. If it’s alright with her.” He chuckles softly.
Violet frowns and looks over her shoulder. “Boys? What are you doing?” She gasps as Mycroft pushes into her cunt.
"I don't know. Maybe." John says, looking back down at it. "If I open it now..." a nervous lick of his lip as he shifts uncomfortably, "what's going to be inside?"
Michael whimpers as he watches them and strips off his pants, hesitating as he takes off his shirt. "I.. H-Hold on.." He gets up quickly, going to the bathroom to take his binder off and coming back out with just his shirt on.
When the music stops Sherlock guides her over to where her grandfather is. "Just stay with me and you'll be safe...don't eat or drink anything either."
John frowns and does as Mycroft says.
"I see the training is going well." George smiles as he comes in.
He bites his lip. 'I.. I'm just worried I won't be good with kids.'
John smiles and takes his hand.
Greg's chuckles is cut off by s moan. "Don't worry about moving with me, just tell me how you want it."
Eli grins and laughs happily.
Sky smiles softly as she looks at him.
Camille sighs. “You lost a child right?” She asks. “It doesn’t get easier knowing someone else had your child.” She whispers.
"Now you can go home and take it easy but no sleeping." Lydia hums and takes the papers. "I know the drill." John hums and groans a bit as he stand a bit wobbly.
Mycroft throws his phone across the room as Ford hangs up.
He nods. “Thank you.”
Greg pulls on his coat and stands, having sent a text to Sherlock with the plans for the night.
"Tell me about yourself. What do you do?" George asks Greg.
Sherlock whimpers and rolls over to hold him.
He moans loudly, arching. "Eli.." He whimpers as he gets closer.
Mycroft’s vision goes blurry as his head hits the wall. He blinks trying to correct it. “Three. Sherlock is my only surviving Sired. You killed the others. Don’t you remember?” He whispers.
'Exhausted, but I'm sure you feel worse.'
He pulls him into a deep kiss, pressing him against the wall.
Sherlock hesitates and nods. "I.. Okay.."
“You’re breathtaking, Sherlock.” John kisses his hand.
Sherlock blushes. “I love you.”
John smiled. "I told you to ask me again when you were thinking straight." He murmured. "I didn't want you asking me by mistake."
Sky falls asleep against him, Slipping into Turk’s dream.
I'll try and call soon. I miss hearing you both. As of right now, I'm not on the schedule for the weekend. I'll try to call you both Saturday evening if the phones are free.
“Mm. Yes.”
He snuggles him and falls asleep.
Greg kisses his forehead. “I’m going to start the shower. Join me when you’re ready.” He smiles and gets up, walking to the bathroom naked.
He whimpers and nods. "Please.. Can I come?" He blushes brightly, embarrassed he's already asking.
Sherlock grinds his teeth a bit. He knows John is right but the idea of using their pups irks him. “Fucking alphas..” He grumbles.
“Be safe, yeah?”
He blushes and kisses him again.
Morna groans, full and happy.
He blushes and smiles shyly, closing his eyes.
Sherlock smiles. “Pleasure to meet you.” They all settle in as dinner starts.
“Good. Not imagine how being a wolf feels. I know that sounds silly but think about the instincts. The muscle. The senses.” Margaret says softly.
“Anything for you, baby.” He pulls out of him gently.
"You'll see."
But he nods. "Thanks, love." He murmurs, grinning, pressing a quick kiss to Sherlock's lips and heading out the door. He knew it was supposed to be a Friends with Benefits sort of deal, but after a mind altering blow job, AND breakfast, AND a bag lunch.... SHerlock deserved a kiss at least.
“John? John Watson?” Mike says from the park bench he’s sitting on. “It’s me. Mike Stamford, from Bart’s. I know, I got fat.” He chuckles.
"She cares, they don't." Sherlock said quietly.
Nina runs to give her a hug.
Mycroft feels Collin smirking and blushes more.
“Mm. Come be a good girl and help me and Daddy fill you up.”
Sherlock eats, avoiding eye contact.
“So does that mean I’ll be the God of observations?” Sherlock asks, rubbing his belly.
Sherlock nods. “Which one?”
“Sure.” He smiles.
Sherlock trembles, keeping his hands over his face.
"Sleep, love."
She smiles softly and kisses his jaw.
He lubes up his cock and rubs the head against her cunt, letting her relax.
He leans forward to kiss him.
"I love you.. I love you so much.. Please.. Come.. I need it.. So close.." Collin moans and begs needing permission to come.
"Hi." Sky smiles happily.
“Be there in twenty.” Mycroft hangs up and heads to them.
“You couldn’t have known, Sky.”
He nuzzles him back as he falls asleep.
“I think Nana would love a tea party.” Sherlock smiles and nods. “I haven’t watched the bees without you.”
"Oh yes he's here. He's sitting right in front of me actually." She turns on the speaker and sets the phone on the table. "Say hello to your mummy, Zack." She smiles.
Sky blushes brighter and hums happily.
Sherlock held him close.
“I want to strip you and touch you.” Sherlock nuzzles him before pulling John’s jumper off.
She deepens the kiss and holds onto him tight
Greg reaches out and takes Mycroft's hand, holding it across John's belly.
She purrs and kisses his neck.
He hums. "Oh, Bryan wants to join us for midnight lunch."
He blushes. "I.. I want you to instruct the others on how to use me.. I want to be used.."
“Don’t have to tell me twice.” He tugs at her lip as he pulls back, moving a bit and pushing into her.
Sherlock squeezes John’s knee tightly.
“I love you. And missed you.”
He blushes and smiles shyly. “Neither can I, Daddy..”
Anthea nods. “I know. I just... I wanted a child when I was little. It seems strange that I’m healthy, but I don’t get to have one of my own.” She shrugs. “Forgive me, ma’am. I’ll leave you now.” She says, standing up and leaving the room.
He smiles and nods.
Greg gets up and gets dressed.
Margaret moans and arches, closing her eyes.
He giggles and kisses him again. "No."
She arches and moans as she comes hard, squirting around the dildo.
Anthea moans and arches. "Good girl." John praises and fucks her.
“Try talking to her.”
Sabine is quiet as she looks at herself in the mirror. "Probably not the best look with the slacks." She murmured, having not taken them off yet. "But otherwise, it's very pretty."
"On your hands and knees." He pulls his fingers out of him and swats his arse.
“You did good. You kept them safe.” She squeezes his hand gently. “You kept all of us safe. If we were exposed that would have been very bad.”
Sherlock blushes and nods. "Mm, yeah. Sky tell you what's going on?"
Sherlock moves his head to look at him slowly. "John.."
He smiles shyly as he takes his hand. “Thanks you, Mikey..”
“Forgot I had a plug in.” Riley blushes brightly and spreads her legs to show him.
He whimpers and nods. "Y-Yes, sir. I.. Maybe I should wear a cock ring?"
“Mm yeah.” John nods.
Greg feels Mycroft come inside him and he moans. "My." Greg breaths.
He smiles and leans down to kiss her.
"Yeah." She nods and tries to get up. "Maybe I'll have him come get me."
He rocks his hips to the music.
"No!" She giggles and blushes, hiding her face.
He smiles softly and nuzzles him.
They pepper Mycroft and Sherlock's heads with kisses.
“Cumslut.” He groans and kisses him hard.
She whimpers and rocks against him, feeling the tip of his cock teasing her. “How many, Daddy? How many are you going to make me carry for you?”
"We will." He smiles.
Camille smiles and presses it, watching the message go up.
Sherlock whimpers and pushes back against him.
John groans and collapses back against the bed.
He groans and bucks his hips into her. "You're brilliant."
"God yes.." she arches.
He looks up at him, his eyes teary. “I love you..” His voice is quiet and hoarse.
Sky strips with him, turning on the shower.
Greg smiles a bit and stretches.
"Shh shh.. Easy." He says softly, rubbing his thumb over his cheek tenderly.
He moans, his cock starting to thicken out.
He mewls softly as he’s plugged
“Mm. Finally managed to off him?”
Mycroft smiles happily, falling asleep rather quickly.
He giggles happily and looks up for a kiss.
"T-thank you, My." He smiles and takes some.
"Take care of business." Collin kisses his forehead before leaving the kitchen with Sky.
“Turn for me and let me get a good look at you.” He smirks.
Violet is in the living room with everyone.
He takes the broken cuffs off of himself. "Sorry, again."
“Great.” Carol smiles and gets going with her workout.
(See the end of the chapter for
James smiles softly, enjoying Mycroft's company.
"Murder, theft, and kidnapping..." Sherlock replied,
reinstating
"Mm, yes."
“I love you.” John smiles as he kisses Sherlock and settles of his chest for the night.
“I’m not angry at you.”
Mycroft grinds against Chris, latching onto his neck and sucking a mark onto him.
She gasps softly. “Please..”
“I like making my holes tighter by pushing big plugs into the other hole. You can put an even bigger one in my cunt if you want to make my arse even tighter. You can pick one that vibrates so my hole will vibrate around your cock as you fuck me.” She mewls, her arse hold pulsing around his cock as her cunt leaks more slick onto his cock.
"Make him the UK's most wanted. Sky already has most of the other countries on high alert for Tiger. Those favors she collects come in handy.."
He blushes and hums. “That you did.”
John nods and they both kiss her cheeks at the same time. “Come up to us when you’re ready.” He says softly. “I think you’ll like it.”
John wobbles a bit as they get off the ride, giggling happily. “That was great!”
Sherlock blushes and nods, getting onto one knee. He takes a breath and looks up at John. “John, you are the most brilliant man I’ve ever met. You keep me sane, grounded and you take care of me. You put up with me when I’m a prat. I’d be lost without my blogger. Marry me?”
"Hello, dear. I made biscuits." She smiles.
Sherlock smiles and helps her out.
“Do you want my cock inside you, love?” Greg kisses his chest.
He drops to his knees and nuzzles into his crotch.
He holds his hips and sets a steady pace as he marks his neck.
"I don't know how much more I can bare.. Not much more.. It's to much already.." She says quietly more to herself.
Matthias frowns. “Try again?”
He nods and carefully carries her to the bed.
She whimpers and rocks against his face while Benny fucks him.
“You too thanks. It was great.” Calvin smiles and gets out with good as John pays the cabbie.
“No I think we’re good for now.” Chloe smiles.
He holds him as they slowly dance.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Better do as he says, John. He might try to have Lestrade arrest you, if the man isn't still shackled to your bed, brother-mine?" He grins wickedly.
“You.”
"I.. I don't know.." He frowns.
“This is not what I expected to find out tonight..” She sighs to herself.
He moans loudly and pushes back against his tongue. "Oh yes.."
Mycroft stiffens and stands, suddenly glaringly sober. He goes over to Anderson, gripping his shirt tightly. "It would be best for you to leave now, unless you would like to be beaten to a pulp by a 'fag'." He growls.
Sherlock sips his champagne, humming as Angelo brings the food.
“You want to avoid an actual wedding.” Mycroft rolls his eyes.
He blushes and follows him.
"I love you, too."
"That's lovely, dear." She smiles.
He mewls and deepens the kiss, wanting to put on a show for his Daddy and the others.
He starts to pick up speed.
"Greg.. Please.. Suck me off.. Please.."
He mewls and slides his tongue into his mouth.
Sky presses against Benny and kisses him hard.
They all get into the cars.
"Yeah. It was.." He chuckles softly and smiles.
Sherlock nods. “But... what about John?” He asks quietly.
Sherlock moans loudly as he feels Mycroft pushing deeper into him.
"Good." Greg smiles and makes Mycroft and John breakfast.
Sherlock blushes as he looks up at Mycroft, his guilt returning. "Myc.. I.. I'm sorry.."
"It was probably when we made them go have a
Sherlock went to John and scooped up his body, screaming John’s name and trying to get him to respond but John was out cold. He felt John’s head gently and his hand came away covered with blood. Fear and panic shot through the roof of Sherlock’s mind palace. He somehow managed to get his phone out, with shaking hands, and called Greg. Before long, he could hear the ambulance in the distance speeding towards them.
"Oh god how long are you going to hold that knighthood over my head? I could have but I didn't want it so there." He rolls his eyes but smiles.
“None of these things have been used for biohazard, right?” John asks.
There'd be nothing left for me to do.. I could be lost inside their lies without a trace
"All of this talk, all this rage, it's gotta be a bit of compensation, right?" John snarls a bit, swirling his drink.
He kisses and sucks on his neck as he lets him adjust.
They go back to the bedroom to get dressed.
He groans as he watches her. 'God, you look fucking brilliant. Like you love having my cock down your throat. And oh, it feels brilliant. So wet and hot and tight.'
“To get answers, John. That one is useless. I want to know if my blood is poisonous to all or just this one.” Greg frowns, saying it as if it was obvious.
“Anything?” John asks quietly.
They take the honey to the kitchen. "I'll have to go out and get somethings." Greg hums as he looks around the empty kitchen cabinets and fridge.
"Is everything okay?" Greg looks worried.
He gasps and arches. "Yes! Please, Daddy!"
“Really? You think she would?” Diōnē smiles.
“Ambulance first, bossy boots. Then Mycroft. Undoubtedly your brother is halfway here already.” John gives his directions to the ambulance. “And don’t apologise to me. I should be thanking you, I think,” he says, with a quick glance at the body near the door. It frightens him how cold he is about his wife lying there.
Cynthia comes in to check on Sky.
He smirks. "Let's go back home.. And I'll let you do whatever you want.."
She smiles and looks up for a kiss.
Dominic groans as he watches her. “You’re so gonna get it when I come back.” He kisses her deeply.
“You were much smaller then.” Sherlock nods. “We’ll take lots of pictures this time.”
“I know.” Magdala says softly. “I think that’s partly my fault..” She sighs. “When a witch has the sight they can see all kind of different things depending on their variation of the gift. Your sister.. Her variation changes depending on what she thinks she needs to see most.”
"I'm not complaining one bit." Collin smirks.
"I-I forgot.." He stammers and mewls.
He blushes and presses closer, breathing slowly.
All eyes turn to Camille, waiting for her to speak.
Sky cries out and comes, cunt milking his cock.
"Then I'll make him leave.." John sighs.
Sky looks around for Steve and George. “Did they leave?” She asks, not seeing them.
He blushes and kisses him back softly.
He licks him softly. ‘Alright. Thank you.’
Turk goes quiet for a moment. “I’m sorry..”
"John..." Sherlock gives an amused look. "*Really*?"
“Okay. Thank you.”
Greg laughs and winces. He looks at his chest and sees little spots of blood seeping through his bandages. He sighs.
“Exactly.” She smiles.
"Sean one two and three," John threatens though the threat is nearly lost in his giggles. "Oi! Your hair is tickling my ear!"
He pulls him closer and hugs him. "Sorry.."
He smiles, feeling a bit better with his body now.
"Really?" He smiles.
"I love you.." She kisses him softly and pulls out of him gently.
He blushes and rocks slowly.
He squirms and presses back against him, feeling close.
Michael rocks his hips a bit, still inside of her.
He smirks and hums. “Perfect.”
He blushes and straddles his lap.
He smirks as he pulls out of her. “Mm, think we have time for one more?”
He gets up to get her some coffee.
“We can go where ever you want. For now home yes. That is if you want to go there.” John rests his cheek on Sherlocks head.
Sky moans and comes as she filled more. “Good boy.” Turk groans as he fucks Bruce.
“Yes, Sir.” Greg kisses in again before getting up. He gets out and wraps his towel around himself and hands Mycroft his towel when he gets out.
Sherlock smiles. “I heard Camille wanted you to be our sister.” He says softly. “And you’ve turned her down.”
“I’m got some magic down, I just need to hone it.” Greg smiles. He bite his lip as he concentrates, he holds his palm out flat, a little ball off fire sitting perfectly in his palm. “Anything I wish for, I can have. It just takes a lot of effort.” He explains. He claps his hands together extinguishing the flames.
She blushes softly and nods, curling up by his feet.
Violet whimpers at the emptiness.
“Forever..” Magdala says softly and nods.
“I don’t want it, John. This is just a place now. It’s no longer a home.” Sherlock says quietly and walks past him to go get Rosie downstairs.
"See I told you she'd find something else to occupy her instead of taking over the world." John chuckles.
John cries out as Greg pushes in his fingers, not caring about the fact that anyone could hear him.
"Okay. Good. How are you?" She smiles softly, turning off the water and stripping.
He moans as he sucks on her nipple, occasionally letting his teeth graze it.
Steve smirks and presses his hand to his throat.
‘Fuck, you’re just milking our cocks.’
“I love you, too. So much.” Magdala kisses him. “Get a condom. It’ll collect your sample as you fuck me.” She purrs, nipping ya his lip.
"What's this?" Tim asks. "Uni applications?"
"How do you like to gamble, Michael? Cards? Slots?" Eli smiles.
“God, please.” John groans.
John, Sherlock, and Mycroft drink.
He smirks and grabs the can, squirting some cream in his mouth. “Mm want some?” He licks his lips.
John moans and thrusts his fingers, moving to suck on her clit.
She gasps and moans as his hot hard cock slides into her tight wet cunt.
He smirks and grinds against him with the music.
He smirks and licks his lips.
"Mm good boy. So good for me." He angles his hips and rubs his over stimulated prostate.
He whimpers and follows her obediently.
He blushes brighter and smiles.
He groans and pulls her hips back, making her fuck herself on his cock.
"So do I.."
"Promise?" John smirked, rubbing against him, teasingly.
“Mm, definitely.” His cock visibly throbs in his trousers.
Mycroft snuggles between Collin and John.
Sherlock moans and John growls. "Mm they've barely been in here for a second and they already want to fuck you to pieces. You'll let us won't you? You'll let us break you and fuck you whole again." Greg snaps his hips and fucks Mycroft hard as he holds him down.
‘I’m letting her name the baby.’ He hums as he goes to the cabinet, pulling out a wine glass and a bottle of red wine before going to find an empty bathroom.
“Still need more?” He smirks and rubs his hands over her hips, slowly dipping his fingers between her legs.
"You need to review for your inquest, my dear." Mycroft murmurs after a moment of silence. "Don't tell me you don't, because I heard you tossing and turning last night."
"Mm.. Okay."
"You're a doctor John. You should have known." Sebastian tsks. "What really makes me sick is how willing Sherlock is to be stuffed full of his older brothers cock. Isn't that horrible? There must be some psychological damage somewhere in that. I mean good lord that display at the orchestra was freakish."
**You're fucking kidding!--GL**
"Of course."
He gasps and moans breathily as John pushes into him, tearing up a bit because it's finally happening.
"Mm I'll fuck you until you scream and then I'll fuck you again.." He growls and nearly drags him to the bedroom.
"That sounds nice." He smiles.
"Mm.. I know, it's amazing. I love that you can do this, that we're doing this together."
She licks her lips and smirks.
Sherlock whimpers. "F-Full.. So fucking full.. Christ, John.. You make me feel so good.. Never felt like this before.. M-Move your hand.. Please."
"I know a bit, love. I'm not sure if could handle more." John heads for the door. "You sure you don't fancy anything specific?"
“No.. A little.. I didn’t safeword. I was just uncomfortable.” Sky looks down at herself, her belly rounded and her legs stuck together with cum.
I'm yours.."
She blushes and moans. "I need it. I need your cock. It feels so good. So big. I can't think when your not inside me. I don't know what to do with myself. It's been so long. So so long. I waited for you for so long. Please. I'm so empty." She whimpers, begging needy.
"That's nice."
“Crawl.” He smirks and walks to find the others.
Edgar deepens the kiss and strokes Sherlock’s cock teasingly over his trousers.
**You’ll have the chance to fuck her tonight.—G**
"Aren't you supposed to be telling me bedtime stories?" John laughs, "But, alright."
Mycroft mewls softly as he wakes, curling in closer.
Sabine asks a waiter to bring her a Styrofoam box to put the rest of her dinner in. She continues to drink her water, quietly.
'I can't wait..'
He smiles and starts to wash him.
Thinks Sherlock.
“John, please,” she scoffs, a bit her old playfulness coming out.  “And you?”
“I’m a doctor,” he shouted as he pushed his way through.  “Let me through; I’m a doctor!”
John must have looked impressed, for Sherlock shrugged and said, “I clean up well.”  He went to pour himself a cup of coffee.
“Well, if you are really satisfied with incomplete data...”
“Generally true,” replied John, abandoning the muff to pull the shirt over his head and wiggle out of his boxer-briefs.  “In this particular milieu, that is.”
John was trying to figure out what to do with his socks.  Sherlock had taken up all of the drawers and nearly all of the wardrobe.
, even up under her running shorts.
“Will you lie to me, Sherlock?”
“Busy,” Sherlock replied.
John shook his head.  “Suit yourself,” he said.  “I’ll be outside.”
“John,” he said, “I’m rather flattered, but I’m not really...that is...I…I’m not looking for...”  His voice trailed off as he pressed his lips together.
“Everything I tell you is important.”
“No, no fairy tales; they have happy endings, right?”  He looked at John to clarify, as if he didn’t really know.
“I don’t want to take it off,” he says again.  “Because I am still married.”
“Fingerprints, maybe.”
Once I tried to reproduce John’s underarm odour.  Not that he’s a particularly odorous person, because he isn’t.  He passes gas an average number of times a day, his feet do not smell bad, and one application of Right Guard 3D deodorant usually lasts him the entire day, even under duress.  He only truly smells unpleasant when he’s afraid.  Otherwise, he smells like a normal male. (Well, then again, not exactly.  I’ve shared space with plenty of ‘normal’ men in cramped public spaces who frankly stink).  I can tell a lot of things from the smell of a man’s sweat.
John shrugged and waved his cane a bit.  “Got shot.”
The circling rivers the breath, and breathing it in and out,
“Someone has to care.”
“Not that anyone took note of.  As I said, Mycroft was at school, Mummy was in town, and I was...busy.  My parents refused a full-time housekeeper, and Mrs. Sandhurst came on Mondays and Thursdays.  He was killed on a Tuesday.”
By now, John was halfway out of bed, half-heartedly trying to rid himself of one clingy consulting detective.
“You’ve never…?  Never mind.  It’s something we used to do as children. It’s a game.  You pull the petals off, and whatever you say last determines whether or not the object of your affection returns your feelings.”
“You said on the way here that you know nothing about me,” Sherlock said as they walked along.  “And after last night you have questions.”
“I can only keep so much in there.  It’s not infinite.  So I delete the things I don’t need.  Don’t ask me questions about history if it doesn’t deal with crime.  I’m afraid I have very little use for politics and war, who conquered whom.  Dreadfully dull.”
It was a four and a half hour journey with Virgin West Coast.  John had brought a paperback to read on the train, but he couldn’t stay focussed.  He wished he had the same memory deletion technique as Sherlock did, for those five words -- “the exact moment of penetration” -- were now playing on a loop in his head.  Maybe Sherlock had found someone.  Maybe he’d had dangerous, unprotected sex with strangers while he was on his latest drug binge.  Maybe he and Irene Adler, wherever she was these days, practiced recreational whipping followed by super-sexy deduction sessions.  What had become clear was that Sherlock had
“I can’t take them off,” he said with a pout.  “I tried, and it hurts too much.”
“It’s time to get rid of these, too,” she said, placing the case on the table.
“Please, sit.”  John paused just long enough to let Mycroft know that he was sitting because he chose to, not because he was told to.  Might as well be civilised.  John put his cane next to the table as Mycroft first poured tea, then reached for his briefcase, setting it down on table, and opening it.  He procured a manilla envelope, which he opened in front of him.   He read: “John Watson, thirty-eight.  Born and raised in St Albans.  Mother Susan and father James, deceased.  Older sister, Harriet Watson, alcoholic.  One long-term relationship with one Mary Morstan prior to your military service, and a rather, um,
Sherlock orders salted miso ice-cream for dessert, takes two bites, and pushes the rest of it toward John, who raises an eyebrow but accepts anyway.  They drink rich, sweet coffee and share a chuckle about Lestrade’s retirement party.  John leans back in his chair.  He’s perfectly comfortable, and for a minute, he’s transported back in time to the earliest days of their friendship when they’d gorge themselves after a case, sitting close in tiny, fragrant, back-alley restaurants, spinning recent dangers and frustrations into fairy tales just so Sherlock could go through them later and bemoan John’s overuse of adverbs and florid descriptions.
Sherlock sighed heavily enough that John looked up from his papers.  “It’s not him.”
to be diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder.  And you pulled it off. Showed them exactly what they wanted to see.”
When I can breathe properly again, I scrub the scent of the pool from my hair and skin, washing thoroughly.  The soap is Italian and triple milled, vaguely redolent of olive oil and honey.  I notice is that a portion of the shower floor has been retiled in the past 10 years, likely due to a mould problem where the original grout had aged and leaked.  Whomever is responsible for cleaning this shower is left-handed and has a shoulder injury reminiscent of John’s: there are slight residue marks here and there from not enough pressure on the upward counter-clockwise scrub.
They continued not to say much as they wandered around the path, past various themed gardens, small fountains, and then around a decently-sized fish pond.  John was thinking of nothing in particular, simply enjoying the weather, when Sherlock tugged on his sleeve.
“I wasn’t snooping!” she says, indignant.  “If putting them in the
Sherlock smiled.
The housekeeper stopped short.  “No one, of course,” she lied.
“What?”
He rubbed it across his face again; pleasurable.  Down his neck, then.  Also pleasurable.  He fondled the handwarmer for a moment more, then peeled off his socks and tried the fur over his feet.   Surprisingly pleasurable as well.  Hmm.  Sherlock held the muff, frowned at it, then placed it on the coffee table and stripped off all of his clothes.  Naked, he found the flat cold, so he turned the heating up by more than a reasonable amount, then laid the tartan blanket over the sofa (cold leather against his bare skin didn’t sound appealing) before flopping himself down on his back.
John laughed.  “So, what did you do on a typical day?”
Exhausted but more relaxed after a long swim, he rang Harry, just to let her know he was staying on in Gargrave.  He lay on his bed in a vest and pyjama bottoms, the phone tucked in between his cheek and shoulder, and told her about the strangest week he’d had in a long time.
struck a loud and resonant chord with his limbic system.  He mentally filed it away with other ‘phrases that shouldn’t but actually do sound extremely sexy when said by Sherlock Holmes.’  He was half tempted to haul Sherlock out of the water and go at it right there on a lounger.  That was, of course, the moment he realised they hadn’t brought any towels with them, and their clothes that they’d left in a heap by the pool’s edge looked as if they had received a thorough soaking from their earlier water fight.
“Grand Prix”
Metcalf placed two new pint glasses in front of them, wiped his hands on his towel, and went back to the other side of the bar by the fan that wasn’t doing much to help.
(See the end of the chapter for
Above the middle eight of
John racked his brain.  What would have caused such a reaction, so suddenly, during a funrun?
John gave him a look, but Sherlock moved on.
Mrs. Gant thought.  She rubbed her chin with her bony fingers.  “I can’t think of a single one,” she said, finally.  “He was well liked, and very well respected.”
“I want to make you feel good.  Give you something to remember.  Our last time here.  This room.  The place where I met you, where you gave me something to live for.”  Sherlock moved his hand up, placed it over John’s heart.
John!” loud enough for anyone strolling down Baker Street to hear and holding John so tightly that he was half-afraid of a dislocated shoulder.
,” chimed in Mr. Chapman.  They seemed to find it highly entertaining.  John allowed them their mirth.  What was he going to call Sherlock, anyway?  His boyfriend?  That didn’t quite seem right.
.  Perhaps he was hired to keep someone
Sherlock didn’t deign to answer.
Sherlock finally turned and looked at John.  His eyes shone and his cheeks were pink, but besides that, he had schooled his features back into that impartial mask he wore whenever his emotions threatened to overwhelm him.
.  And if John moved up just a bit, like that, he could see where his cock disappeared, the stretch of skin surrounding him.
Well.  Now that was one hell of a way to open a conversation.  Her “employer”?  Who even said that, anyway?  Mobsters?  “OK,” he replied, baffled.
“Where did he ever get such a stupid notion from, anyway?”
“Remember when I said it felt odd to be snogging in my father’s garden?”
