With a hand on his sword and a twitch of his wings Lucifer looked around quickly trying to find where they may have gone.
Guess today really wasn't his day.
Less than a week later he had sent his second oldest and Alpha Son Sam to stay in Heaven and assist in anyway necessary, along with a good amount of soliders.
"He gave me two weeks. Two weeks to, uh, seduce you. I even brought up the point of Royal Angel's being taught the whole virgin until marriage thing. He said he knew, and didn't care. That I would never truly understand his intentions and-" Dean cut himself off. Chewing his lip and wincing when the chapped and cracked flesh began to bleed.
"No. I'm not." Dean whispered, voice cracking as he wrapped one arm around him, the other going through his hair. He would admit it, because he didn't want to deal with it anymore. "I'm heading back to my room." He grumbled pulling a glass out and filling it with ice water "Come stand gaurd if you want." Dean stated heading for the back kitchen door to make the trek back to his room.
"I see." Michael huffed and covered his face with his hands. Sucking in a harsh breath he calmed himself, frustration lacing his scent, tagging along anger in the slightest tendrils
Castiel paced back and forth, hands clasped behind his back, eyebrows knit as he frowned even more.
It was Castiel.
"I'm sure he will be." Castiel smiled stiffly, wings shuffling close to his back. He needed to speak with Gabriel, and perhaps Michael. He needed to stop this wedding. He thought that maybe he could learn to move on, but he couldn't.
Michael scoffed, one set of wings stretched up with his arm as he reached it towards the bright and free blue sky
Fat chance.
Was it obvious?
Honestly Dean had grown used to the staff thinking they were above him.
"Mary Ellen you traitor!" Dean laughed, he found the area he was sure was the entrance and paused outside the sock line "Playing hunters huh?" Dean let out a low whistle, Miracle came bounding out of the fort causing his daughter, husband and Nephew to groan and shout. "Pick up boy." Dean commanded and immediately Miracle grabbed a sock in his teeth and handed it to Dean.
Gabriel froze, his eyes wide as he looked at Crowley
"Bye Daddy!" Ben hugged his father and Dean ruffled the boys hair, wishing him a good day
As Michael's eyes flicked back to the angered angel attacking him he moved a second to late. A sharp stinging tore in his shoulder and down his arm. Of course his arms held little armor but that didn't matter, neither angel wore much armor at all, this was meant to be a traditional fight.
"I will not! Heaven does not deserve to be ruled by a knot loving Alpha! You're weak and soft! You're broken and unfit to lead!" Raphael screamed as he ran for Michael again.
It was he and Lucifer.
The silence that filled the air between the two brothers was heavy like lead. Dean's scent was sour, his eyes closed, head hung low as he gripped the wood of the vanity a little tighter.
"I've no doubt you are a man of your words."
"I'll gladly show you you Highness. I'm Charlie by the way." She turned and waited for him to appear beside her
"No thank you. My ride will be here soon. I appreciate you wanting to call with an update but if I can request you text me instead? I am, not fond of speaking over the phone if it can be avoided." His intense eyes met Dean again and Dean couldn’t help but shift under the strange and almost inhuman gaze.
"Dean!" Sam's voice called over the side of the crater "My God I'm so glad we found you! Is Cas okay?"
Dean grumbled and walked to the door in a simple few long strides.
Dean simply nodded and let out a sigh. He was glad Cas wasn't forcing him to open up
"It is what needs to be done."
"You've got two." Gabriel raised an eyebrow, gold wings shuffling behind his back "And one is connected, to me? How does that make sense?"
They were soon pulling in, parking and Dean shut off his car.
Michael's eyes widened and his wings twitched
Sweaty, out of breath, thick, just very much hot.
Don't worry, my writing gets better as I go...
Gabriel's wings shifted one or two long gold feathers shook loose, Sam watched them flutter to the marble floor.
It seemed like breakfast would end but eventually it did.
"Castiel is right though Michael. It looks worse than it is. Should have it fixed soon." Dean answered shrugging his shoulders
"Me and Castiel? The Hell Michael had you not heard a word I said? You think I would go behind your back and purposely have an affair? With your /brother/ no less!?" Dean exclaimed tear filled eyes wide as he shook his head and leaned against the wall, one hand gripping the back of a chair as he swallowed "I'm going to vomit." He gasped swallowing thickly before pushing past Michael to the toilet.
"No. I went to him with a few questions." The Archangel went about scanning the walls of books, Sam suddenly beside him "I'm sure Dean will be alright though Sam. He's one tough guy."
Dean's eyes widened as panic and fear gripped his bones with icy talons, wrapping around his soul, peircing his very heart, feet glued to his spot, face turning a little towards Michael but his eyes stayed glued to the door.
"Dean?" It was John's voice. It was his father.
"Ah Dean good morning son. Feeling well?"
"There is a library to the left there, and a small kitchen. The bathroom is adjoining the bedroom which is, uh behind that large door." He turned and Dean followed where
Adam frowned, picking at his fingers and sort of just shrugged
Sam thought on that for a moment, carefully choosing his words
With a shudder the Winchester crawled back into bed and burrowed into his nest, of course it wasn't perfect anymore, the pillows had been moved when he woke up, the blankets weren't warm anymore and the smell of Chuck's anger lingered in the room, making the smell of the fireplace and clean sheets.
"Oh yeah?" Dean smirked as Castiel nodded in agreement
Castiel looked at Michael, wings ruffled in an aggressive and challenging manner, his jaw set and Castiel took a challenging stance.
The sobs finally came in ugly gasping, hiccuped by his intoxication.
"You married that, that wealth pathetic excuse for a version of me! I'm the one you should be with!"
Castiel shook his head and sighed letting his shoulders and wings sag a little bit
"I've failed as a father if that is the case. I've never been ashamed of what you are Dean. Scared for you, protective yes, concerned and wary, yes. But never ashamed. After what happened when you were taken I-" John struggled to find the right words, he ran a hand over his face, sniffing back the tears that threatened his eyes, scratching his beard as he stumbled for the words he wanted "I can't take the pain away, but I will do what I can to help ease it."
It's not how it worked.
"I have duties to attend to now. I shall see you later." His voice was heavy, a part of the Alpha wanted to bury his nose in the crook of Dean's neck. Craving the vanilla leather of the Human Prince before him. His chest ached with every breath as he tore himself away, bowed and hurried off. Praying that he didn't hurt any further, but the agony was already unbearable
"Damn it they went airborne!" The knight hissed and hurried back to the castle. It was of the upmost importance to find the Prince, in one piece and unharmed. It didn't help that Lucifer recognized the scent if the Alpha in question and he really liked to torture people. Alistair.
Michael nodded along as his father rambled stories to John Winchester. The Human King had torn into Michael about his eldest being kidnapped, about a lack of security. Michael had explained the situation, that security had foolishly been placed elsewhere with the traffic coming in and out the front gates with wedding planners, and his deep regret at allowing Dean's kidnapping to go unnoticed for as long as it had.
The letter stated that the Omega Prince Dean of Earth had been recovered,and that they were about a three day journey from home.
"I wish your way was possible. I'm just so bored with her, Gabe. It's whacky how little she has to contribute to a proper conversation." Cas groaned
Dean blinked several times and was about to ask what in God's name she was babbling about in her sticky sweet and fake voice with her nauseatingly fake smile when the door open and the demon stepped away from him.
When the boy had run off Castiel sighed and mounted his horse. He needed to remain calm and in control. He needed to know his place, he was not Dean's mate, or even a possible mate for the Omega, he was the Prince's soon to be brother in law.
Michael's wings flared out, he heard Balthazar and Castiel's wings flare in defense as well, Sam's hand flew to the sword the teen had on his hip, gasps filled the large luxurious room, eyes never leaving the darkened doorway
Dean nodded his brain still trying to process all of this.
There were smiles all around and Dean threw on a convincing but fake smile.
The dark-haired, feisty woman Lucifer called his girlfriend, actually managed to land a very simple secretary position at the bank Hannah's father owned.
"Who's the lucky Omega?" Lucifer couldn't hold back the irritation that rippled through his pink red and yet dirty feathers, the slight anger slipped through his scent during it a bit more then usual.
Chuck made an offending noise
"You doubt his love for you?" Kelly frowned as she put the towel on Michael's head and began to towel dry the Prince's dark hair "After following you to the pits of Hell? Saving your life and you his? The moments of vulnerability he has shown you? The words he has spoken to you? The lingering looks? The wistful lingering touches? The unnoticed brush of wings? You still doubt his love for you?" Kelly lifted the towel to look Michael in the eyes. Her brown eyes held no heat, and if Michael really thought about it, he could've sworn it was pity "I am pregnant yes. He does not know yet and I doubt I will tell him soon. He came to me in a moment of weakness for the both of us. Crushed by the idea of losing you to some pretty Omega Prince, but wishing you the best of lives anyway. Vowing to protect you and your future mate and pups even though it shattered his heart to live without you."
"Could you escort me to the kitchen? I would like some water." Dean mumbled looking down at his slippers
It was Cas staring into his own eyes, to Dean it was unsettling to see two Castiels, both the same but very much different facing off against eachother, Dean squashed down the little whisper in the back of his mind that mumbled abou two Cas' being really hot...
"Now, welcome to Valhalla the wonderful establishment for entertainment, with live music and delicious steak you simply need to try it." Gabriel chattered resting a hand on Kali's hip as he led the two inside.
He was one of Hell's finest interrogators to ever be spawned. He could anyone to do or say anything with the right amount of cuts or burns. Last Lucifer knew the deranged Alpha was given any Omega he wanted in all if Hell to satisfy his wants and keep him happy.
Chuck had to somehow tie their family into the New Orlean's economy. And what easier way than to link a banker's daughter and his son…
"Are you alright? You're crying."
"Of course not." Cas answered quickly squinting slightly at the younger Prince who happened to be about his own height though four years younger "I do not understand what gave you the idea that I would. Is Dean alright?"
"So you know?" Dean whispered swallowing thickly, his words tasted foul, tongue heavy and he felt as if he was swallowing sand
"Go on Dear. Beg him to take you. To save you." She purred patting him on the cheek. Lucifer spat blood on her with a weak attempt at a snarl, which made the demon press her heel a little more into his chest. He cried out in pain as chest injuries were aggravated. "Go on Michael! Take him! I know you want to! This Omega is used anyway so what's the point? He's even carrying a demon spawn!"
"Who?"
The young Alpha jumped slightly as someone suddenly poked his forehead. Opening his eyes and looking down ever so slightly he noticed his brother Gabriel standing there, finger between Castiel's eyebrows.
Raphael seemed... To calm.
Lucifer made sure to keep that little phrase going through his mind. On loop almost, nearly driving the knight insane.
What was Chuck thinking? Dean hadn't spent a huge amount of time with his future mate, but he knew enough that Michael found intimacy to be sacred among mates. Dean could respect that, besides, the thought of being with anyone sexually left a huge ache in Dean's chest and made him want to throw up. He couldn't do this.
The Crowned Prince was heading home after three years of conflict and would soon find out he was to be married.
Yes, he understood his behavior was inappropriate, but so was Michael's...
The man he rebelled for, became God for, dealt with Leviathans for, shut down Heaven for, worked with Crowley for, accepted Lucifer for, did all kinds of stupid shit for, was gone.
After Lydia, around the time Emma was turning two he found out his friend Lisa, that he had been om again off again with was also pregnant. Since they were on and off both dating others often they had a test done and Dean, was in fact, the father
His smell became sweet vanilla mingled with leather and wood burn, it became clear the kingdom would never accept him as a King.
"I'm just saying if the Omega had been my bride this would not have happened. History has obviously already repeated itself. I mean after-"
Dean ignored the way Cas' cheeks tinted pink, and the own heat the Omega felt on the tips of his ears.
"I know but Dad wanted to surprise you!" Adam chimed in as the three Winchester Princes made their way to the table.
The blond prince made his way to Dean's room in a hurry, wings tucked closely to his body, everyone was wandering solemnly as a Prince had just died, Gabriel had no time for that. He had to focus and do what Michael had asked, Check on Dean and ensure he is alright.
"You can't come with me Sam, Dean needs you here. He needs your support now more than ever, dealing with everything and healing, along with the wedding which will be forced on them in no time, rushed quicker even if my father has anything to do with it. You can't come along."
Michael whispered with tears in his eyes
"I did." Castiel then explained his conversation with Lucifer. To which Michael frowned
"You have two weeks to bed him." Chuck spoke seriously and upon Dean opening his mouth to protest once more Chuck held up a hand to stop him "You have the body type of an Alpha, I'm sure it won't be to difficult." The King said this time relaxing, wings shuffled to their relaxed state and his eyes softened
Laughter filled the library as the Princes, the General, and the now King spent time together. All happy to have a break from the drama of war and plots to overthrow things.
The floppy haired Prince kept a close eye on Gabriel, as the usually smiling Alpha, with a joke on his lips and bounce in his step was very burdened down. His whiskey colored eyes were dulled of their usual mischievous glimmer, his wings shuffled and stayed lowered, a frown graced his lips, eyebrows furrowed and his scent had a bitter tang to his usually warm and inviting sweet scent of chocolate and springtime.
The Archangel motioned with a certain look that Benny should go /in/ and wake him.
Lydia, Emma's mother was a piece of work and Dean hated putting up with her judgemal and prissy behavior. But it was the price he paid to have weekends with his daughter.
Looking around quickly Castiel set it back down on the nightstand as if no one had touched it, head whipping to the bedroom door at the clambering of the bunkers heavy door, and the distant echoing of voices.
"Who won?"
Dean looked over at Sam and Adam as Gabriel, whom Dean had met briefly upon his arrival, and Balthazar, whom Dean had only heard mentioned, were dragging the young human Princes out of the room to show them around.
A triumphant grin crept across Gabriel's lips as he clapped his hands together and strutted to the door with a little 'whoop'
Prince Castiel had informed Lucifer that they needed to be extra alert as the wedding planning officially got underway, with so many species coming in and out of the castle, they needed to ensure the safety if the royal family.
"I wanted to talk about the wedding actually." John spoke once the maid refilling their wine departed from them "Some things have come to light and i fear this arrangement may need to be rediscussed." The Human scratched at his beard with a frown.
It was frustrating to Dean, he just wanted a chance to talk to his father, as their conversation in the carriage the night previous after the funeral had been cut short. He wanted some fatherly advice about what to do. Especially since his father now knew he loved someone else and Michael did as well. He wanted to know what he should do, if he could do anything at all.
What caught Michael's eye were the two figures walking side by side on the sand, one was no doubt Castiel. Michael would recognize the shimmer of midnight and the way the stars reflected off that set of wings.
"I dunno what the Hell you're going on about dude. But I can't be like the Dean you know. If you love him so much go to him." Deam flipped the blade in his hand and noticed the way the Angel's soft expression changed to one of frustration "You don't know me." Dean hissed out before lunging at the angel
"Did he leave this with you when he left your chambers?" Charlie winked at him suggestively, to which Dean simply shook his head
The knife twisted again in his heart and Castiel stared at the wall, empty. He felt so empty. So drained.
"Did he threaten you? In any way, did he threaten you?"
"Doesn't matter Sammy. I'm fine now. I'm safe now. I'm here now." He whispered looking down at his hands, the palms were scraped and his knuckles bruised. He blinked a few times and it hurt one of his eyes with how swollen it was.
Lucifer didn't look away until Castiel had disappeared into the castle with the demon in tow, and two castle servants carrying her belongings. The Alpha began to look away when his amber gaze met one of the Beta women in charge of the stables taking the seamstresses horse.
He needed maps, maps and a boat.
The Omega Prince let out a low whistle and turned his head looking up at Michael.
"Yes Dean. It's okay though. Michael is kind and not like other Alpha's."
"See you then. Be sure to knock Adam in the head every once in a while for me."
"That's so very sweet Dean. How about when I find something I'm afraid of I'll tell you?"
_________________________________________________________________
"Some bitch. You needn't worry though. She was appalled by Apparently how our Future King had treated her. She was spotted during the duel, made the Omega Prince upset, I set off to fix it." Lucifer explained not taking his eyes off where the carriage was still in sight
The drugs, the booze, the sex, it used to keep him from dwelling on his failures, Dean used to keep him from dwelling on all his attempts at doing right and failing. But now nothing was working and the only other human he truly ever loved was gone.
Dean shifted on the end of his bed, he was very much not presentable for the King of all people to be talking to him, he was in night clothes, wrapped in a blanket with slippers and bed head, not to mention his bed was a nest right now, and Castiel's blood stained coat was among the pillows he had been cuddling
Eventually, Cas set down his glass and reopened his books. He had promised to not mess up the balances even though they had to leave Italy.
Dean was still no ordinary Omega and he never would be.
Chuck sighed rubbing a hand down his face as he searched for how to word this to get Dean to do as he wanted without causing an issue
"Morning sickness? Or wedding day jitters?" Charlie's voice rang out from the doorway.
"Alright."
"What the actual fuck Cas! Thanks for the damn heart attack!" Dean screeched as he set his mug down
Charlie nodded and Michael looked at Dean
"I love you to Feathers." Dean smiled as his eyes slipped closed. They stood like that for a moment, Castiel's lips resting on Dean's forehead and Dean just loving the contact.
It was Prince Balthazar and Dean had never been so happy to see the other Alpha Prince, even though they didn't necessarily know each other well.
Castiel shut Dean up with a kiss, just a sweet press of lips. Dean tensed but it worked in making the Omega halt his rambling
A whore.
"You want to talk about Michael? Is he alright?" Dean asked quickly worried that the Crowned Prince may have been more injured than he was told
Chuck was no where to be seen, but no one questioned it.
"Raphael would have no other way." Gabriel added in a hushed tone. Wings enveloped Michael as Gabriel, Balthazar and Castiel hugged their eldest brother and silently mourned the loss of Raphael. It pained all of them tremendously, that not only Raphael had forced this on Michael, but that he had been so driven to not heed any reason whatsoever.
Dean let a huffed and pained smile slid onto his lips before slipping away with the tear that rolled down his freckled and half bruised face
"Meaning?"
"You don't know the half of it Castiel."
"Just what Dean? Just a kid? Just a human? Just an Omega?"
"Dean." Castiel's voice was very serious as he looked at Dean "How did you explain where Mary Ellen came from? It's not something she's ready for."
To say the Crowned Prince was ugly would of been a lie.
Dean nodded and relaxed slightly. His Father seemed in a pleasant mood so it must not be to pressing a matter.
"You never complain about being sweaty Dean." Castiel purred finally opening his eyes and giving his very freckled boyfriend a little smirk
Growing up in the cage was hard, his angel father abandoned him when he was young and his half demon half angel mother died in his arms when he was eight, he met Kellie and helped the abused Omega survive until they made there way to a better place. They worked in the stables as preteens and Lucifer had met Michael.
Probably the most breathtaking painting in the room was the portrait above the fireplace of the royal family.
Dean couldn't tell what the Alpha was feeling as the angel knew how to keep his scent Neutral, but Dean was sure he picked up on notes of nervousness.
"Probably. Anyway. Enough talkie is slushie mushy in my tummy time."
Michael raised an eyebrow watching Crowley closely with suspicion and mistrust
Michael paid no attention to what the maid was trying to imply as she went back to her duties. The Archangel grabbed the bag from the crate it was resting on and almost broke into a full on sprint to the stables, hoping to catch the other Alpha in time.
That's what he stood for wasn't it?
"My Prince. Would you like to eat? Several of the prince's have already retired to bed, as well as her Majesty Queen Kate." Kelly looked Michael over before handing him a towel from the freshly finished laundry "Dry your face. If I may I can help dry your wings, they must be heavy."
Dean leveled his gaze at Bobby while the older man lifted his chin at the boy. The two had a little stare-off until Bobby let a small smile sneak to the corners of his mouth.
"If I could change the circumstances of which we've been given, know I would."
Michael smiled at his friend and hated how his heart ached. He could see it in Lucifer's eyes and it hurt him just as much as it did the Alpha sitting beside him.
"I do not sound like that."
"My brother is a, jerk, but Michael puts him in his place. As far as I can tell they are happy." Castiel watched Dean's hands as the clipboard and pen was presented "Is this to fill out my information for billing and contact?"
The gold feathered angel smirked at the nickname that he didn't think Sam noticed
"My apologies little one." Castiel said softly as he crouch down near the ten year olds level "Thank you for fetching my horse. Please forgive me for snapping?"
John narrowed his eyes with a small frown
"I'm sorry kid I-" Lucifer didn't get the chance to finish his strained sentence as someone came into thw doorway with a loud and echoing
Dean of course simply pulled his robes a little closer, inhaling the wonderful intoxicating scents of his and Castiel's, mingled together as if they were made for eachother as Alpha and Omega, like Truemates, soulmates, something!
"Speaking of brothers, Kali Darling, this is the runt of the litter Castiel. The baby." Gabriel laughed as he introduced them "Cassie, this is the beautiful Kali, goddess of far away lands!" He sang doing an odd little spin as he hands waved around motioning to her. Much how ladies on TV showed off new cars or grills.
"What did you and Dad need to talk about?"
"He isn't. The things I saw, he was under an induced heat for an entire month and used like some slick toy." The seraphim wrinkled his nose in disgust as he growled out the sentence "I don't know any details and I don't think he is willing to tell. We don't have the slightest of how bad it all was, and I personally don't want to know."
Lucifer spun the demon around with a growl and stared into the Alpha's milk white eyes. With a snarl he pulled the Demon before pulled a knife from his belt and putting it below the Alpha's chin
Dean slowly lifted his chin to meet Michael's gaze, the Alpha didn't seem mad, didn't smell upset. Infact his scent was rather sad, nervous, but not angry. His face was soft, eyebrows furrowed in heavy concern, ice colored eyes soft and warm as he looked at Dean
"Just kick his ass already Michael!" Dean called down from the stand. The Omega's face was distraught as he leaned over the edge of the railing. Lucifer pulled Dean back and whispered something to him to which Dean nodded and frowned.
"Shut up."
Castiel followed, eyes focused on the line of sweat between Dean's shoulder blades on his shirt
He swallowed heavily and wished he could see what was happening, or what was going to happen, he tried to squirm away, the rope digging into his wrists when he heard what sounded like a heavy doorway opening.
"Do tell dear Prince! Were you graced with the presence of your future husband? Or of the dashing Castiel?" Charlie asked with eagerness as she sat on the edge of the bed with a mischievous glint in her eyes
"Michael, it hurts. It hurts so badly."
Dean was taken aback by the kind yet authoratative tone of a rather nice voice.
The man he was to be married to he barely knew at all. They had met at large balls and various galas, but only ever briefly and they never spoke to each other...
"Yeah he is! The dumb midget. Dunno what Sammy sees in him." Dean laughed hoping up to sit on the counter top, which was cold and felt nice on his bare thighs
Dean let his thoughts start to spiral, which was a very bad idea as he barrelled between trees, letting his Baby take him home. Before Dean knew it he was charging back into the Castle court yard as the sun was kissing the sea, his horse halted and the sudden stop nearly made him pitch forward, the prince calmed and cooed to Impala, petting her neck as he looked around, immediately recognizing the Carriage that was already being unloaded, the familiar scents of his family met his nose as he blinked a few times.
"You cannot mean those words Raphael." Chuck spoke up as finally he stood, his graying wings shifted in curious agitation, brow furrowed and a frown etched it's way onto his lips as he scratched his beard
"Don't do that Castiel. Greet me as a brother." Michael chuckled and noticed his baby brother did not want to meet his gaze "What is wrong?"
"What happened here?" He stepped over some pieces of the shattered Mirror and stood before Dean, his wings shuffled as concern flood his scent, he took both of Dean's hands in his and examined Dean's face for a sign of some kind.
Dean grabbed fistfuls of the Prince's deep blue and silver robe and even though he was a little taller than the Alpha he put his forehead on Cas' shoulder and sobbed. He sobbed so much lately that the human was surprised he could even still cry.
"No Cas. Let me go back alone. I fear if you take me to my room I would never allow you to leave, I cannot tempt myself further with something I shall never have." Dean sucked in another harsh breath as he spoke softly. He felt his heart breaking as he said it and he saw Cas shattering. It hurt them both but they couldn't be together, there was way to many political issues involved.
Both Alphas laughed before a Beta soldier opened the tent
"Your majesties." She made a curtsey with a dip of her head "I was told to get new clothes for the both of you, which are laid out along with a bath for both of you in your respective rooms."
Enjoy the final chapter!
"You mean the Omega Prince that human John was originally going to give /me/ before the war broke out? You lot slimy had to give the dumb human a sweeter deal am I right?" Crowley laughed at the glare that hardened on Castiel's face, the twitch of feathers from Lucifer and the way Michael's jaw flexed in controlled irritation.
Chuck folded his hands neatly behind his back, a slight nod signaling Lucifer to rise from his bow
The middle Winchester made his way to Dean's room, remembering the way from when Dean had shown him briefly. There was Benny, an Alpha gaurd that Sam remembered from back home. He remembered their father had insisted a few human guards come along to hold ensure Dean transitioned smoothly and was treated properly as promised.
"I'm out of salt rounds. I'm sorry children, looks like we're doomed." Cas shrugged and leaned over the kids heads to kiss Dean. This resulted in both kids fake gagging and squealing more. Little Dean got out of his Uncle's arms, getting his little hands on each of his Uncle's foreheads and pushing them apart.
"You're a King now Michael." Dean stated as if it was the most obvious thing in the world
The carriage came to a halt and one of the human Betas his father sent to Protect him opened the door.
Lucifer turned to one of the soldiers
Besides, Lucifer was beyond broken. The idea that an Alpha would fall in love with an Alpha was unheard of. Those that had been discovered an Alpha with an Alpha, or Omega with Omega were persecuted, burned, run off, and who knows what else.
Michael made it quickly inside and down the hallway and ended up nearly colliding with Castiel
Lucifer snapped his mouth shut. So the Omega kid hadn't gotten cold feet and took off...
"I know. You're the Omega Prince that will be marrying Michael and you hate formalities. But, you are a Pronce and I give you my respect." She smirked and looked at him with shining eyes and Dean couldn't help the feeling he should Protect her.
So the thought of Michael being challenged as head Alpha, amused him. Raphael himself was to afraid to do it, knowing he would lose if one called for a fight. But the thought of the baby brother, the precious Castiel, challenging him...
But all of this would be for the better of two kingdoms.
The angel had his eyes closed and a soft content grin on his face.
Michael smiled over at Lucifer before bidding him good night. It was nice to talk to the other Alpha, even if honestly he only saw pain when he spoke of his upcoming wedding.
"What is that supposed to mean?" The Prince huffed forcing himself to his feet, bloody dagger gripped in his hand as he looked at Rowena and then Chuck in turn
"You marry my brother. But know that a piece of me, a valuable irreplaceable piece of me belongs to you forever."
The Omega Prince shot straight up in bed, a territorial growl vibrated through his chest and out his throat. It wasn't deep like an Alpha's, but still threatening, the Winchester clutched Castiel's old trenchcoat closer to his side as he glared and growled at the door.
So New Orleans it was. A fresh start with old habits. And Cas hated it just as much.
"Stand down Raphael!" Michael roared, pupils slits, the icy color seemingly glowing. The Alpha Prince's scent was tainted with anger, burnt cinnamon accompanied with rage clashed with Raphael's angry and sharp Wintergreen and Eucalyptus. Filling the little battlefield with the clashing scent of Alphas, and making the Omegas in the crowd shrink towards the back and exits.
"You like attention from an Alpha don't you boy?" Abaddon cooed again pressing a kiss to his forehead, sticky with her lipstick as she then patted his cheek. Her hand slipped from his hair and Dean whimpered, only to blush madly in embarrassment.
Crowley's red eyes seemed to glow a moment, his hands going into his pockets
"Anything your Highness." Luicfer pulled his horse in front of Castiel and Dean and whistled to their men
Sam nodded and the young Prince stood and followed the older Alpha out the door after a quick glance over his shoulder as the dark skinned Prince called out the challenge Officially to the Future King
With a twitch of light brown wings Inias nodded with a hard "Yes sir." As he was off.
Dean watched Sam load Ben up and drive off. Then turned to Bobby, his gruff uncle dropped his gaze pretending he hadn't been watching Dean with a soft smile, and instead grumbled a "Get to work boy. Garth and Benny can't do everything."
"Maybe. I've barely even seen Sam or Mom or Adam. I saw a glimpse of Castiel earlier as he and Balthazar were pulled away. I heard Gabriel wasn't feeling well so he's not been around. It's just been wedding people, to much cake, and Michael. Not that there's a problem with Michael. We've become really good friends but I can't help but feel everyone is being whisked away from me on purpose." Dean paused and looked at Benny. Crossing his arms the Prince blew out a breath "I'm probably in my own head."
The room wreaked of stress, and it was almost overpowering.
The Omega stepped up some stairs to be seated by King Chuck, but first leaned over the railing, looking down where Raphael and Michael stood in armor and waiting.
Dean took a deep breath, his heart felt as if it was going to burst from his chest and explode. When the Omega opened his eyes, unsure when he had closed them he was met with the concerned face of a worried father, Kate had taken half a step towards him, hand gently placed on John's arm, Adam was looking up at Dean with wide eyes, worry filled Sam's now pinched expression, and Castiel had noticed the sudden movement from Dean. Black wings twitched along with his fingers as he fought the urge to come across the room to Dean.
After finding out Lydia was pregnant, when he was 18, he made sure to try and not be so irresponsible with his dates and weekend flings. The two had been young, and Dean had been an immature kid pretty much. He hadn't meant to get her pregnant, but shit happens when you're drunk and careless kids.
"This way." Gabe mumbled, he tried to pull his hand from Sam's gentle grip, but Sam tightened his hold and shook his head
A snarl tore past Abaddon's lips, fangs bared through red lipstick as she stepped on and over Lucifer. The no longef muzzled Angel let out a pitiful cry of pain, tears stinging his eyes as he coughed, blood dribbling from between his teeth.
"Besides, if it weren't for your parents kissing, your mom wouldn't be having a baby right now and you wouldn't be spending the night." Castiel added with a smile
Raphael was relentlessly swinging at Michael, the crowned prince only defended. He would not hurt his brother, even if they were not related by biological blood.
Lucifer watched her leave and a thought popped into his head that he did not immediately dismiss.
John Winchester had been injured in the ruckus, but was healing well, Lucifer was in a really bad shape, healing slowly but surely as Rowena used magic to help quicken his wounds and try to reverse the severe damage to his wings, in hopes he'd be able to fly again.
Lucifer sighed and held out an envelope, it was off white and held the King if Heavens seal.
Dean nodded, took a deep breath and began to describe Abaddon. The entire time, the arena was filled with deafening cheering or booing, the sound of metal on metal and thunderous roars from the Alpha
Dean straightened up and turned around looking at his two precious brothers.
"What happened Dean? Who took you? What did they do? Why? Where?"
Kelly let out a little laugh with a shake of her head
"You in a gown." The Alpha laughed as Lilith suddenly grabbed his lowest wing and pulled it out to measure. Michael let out a high pitched Yelp and flinched away
"Yes. You do."
A tangled mess of string.
Castiel had been poetic in a way, which Gabriel knew to be his usual way of speaking about things of which he was passionate, but the way the Omega Prince had unknowingly taken this much of his brother, he knew what it meant.
"/Don't/ call me that your Highness." The Angel growled with a frown
The figure whom Castiel could now tell was Dean froze and spun around quickly.
He grabbed her waist and smashed his lips to her.
Michael sniffed and wiped his cheeks with his hands as he blinked a few times, but the tears kept coming and the hurt just got worse. In addition to all of this there was still the ever present Dean problem.
Dean shifted his position again to sit cross legged in the chair and began to fuss with his little brother's hair.
Dean laid there with Castiel's blood stained trench coat in his arms, nose buried in the collar as the Human faught back his emotions and forced them into a bottle.
The armies had camped in fields and near villages where Wendigos or Werewolves, Vampires or Wraiths, would bring them food or water their horses.
"We've just been discussing the case and possible starting points." he smiled at the once so invincible lieutenant. As he detached the picture from the file, Mike tilted his head and scanned the facial features of that certain Loki. "I think I've seen him before but no way he's still down there after the article. Ya think we'll actually meet him down there?" the grey-eyed detective asked with a rather curious frown on his face.
Castiel and Jack came into the bunker with fresh groceries, tired from a pesky hunt with demons "We got pie!" Jack called with a smile over the railing, holding up the grocery bag with a cheerful toothy grin
"Not bad by the way."
As they passed the servants, Cas thanked them all personally, addressing each and every one of them by their name. "Miranda, could you let Hannah know, that I'm out? I have a feeling she'll come over some time later tonight." he asked quietly, feeling kind of bad for potentially standing up his future fiancée.
With a smile the human Queen laughed, putting a hand on Dean's cheek and trying not to let her smile slip when he bit his lip and jerked his head ever so slightly away
But his shattered and empty chest longed for the other Archangel.
"There you are Adam!"
"We have to do this more often, Gabe." he beamed as he too enjoyed the slowly cooling breeze that carried the slightly salty taste of the ocean with it. It felt so carefree to be sitting in Gabe's car with him. "Plus, once Luci has finally made it official with his kitten, and you finally bite bait with that Kali stunner too, it will perfectly appropriate to spoil the four of you with a tacky beach date. I'll be more than happy to play James' part for an evening." he grinned, referring to their butler.
Exaggerating.
An Omega.
Michael blushed in embarrassment, wings pulled tight behind him, and it made Sam actually snort
The doctor checked Michael out and expressed the injuries were not to extensive.
Man this was a slightly uncomfortable thing to talk about
Michael seemed calm, understanding, but how much of that was real? Sure Dean had gotten to know Michael a little, and the Alpha seemed sincere, but people lied all the time.
"How was I supposed to react to that?!" Chuck was in near hysterics, voice climbing high as his wings shook, feathers rippling like an ocean storm "How was I supposed to deal with supposed Fate picking out another Alpha for my son? How was I supposed to deal wirh that Alpha being an Angel raised in HELL most of his childhood? How was I supposed to live knowing Fate wanted my son to be some-some abomination!? Answer me that Michael!" The King nearly screamed, eyes wild. The veins in his neck popped, face turning red
While it was a simply kiss, it felt like it contained the world. Like everything Deam had ever imagined and more. They shared the words they could not speak in that moment they kissed. Dean was betraying everyone and everything, he had no idea what to think anymore, what to believe. His life was like a ball of yarn falling off a knitters lap, unraveling and doing so fast.
Dean hated when these things happened. Sam had presented as an Alpha and ever since he and their Father never really got along.
He tucked a little hair behind his ear as he looked back at the Archangel. He was staring up at the portrait with a sad kind of smile
Castiel nodded. Nose twitching but no further words left his lips. The Seraph simply bowed and awkwardly hurried off.
He popped his head out into the hallway looking each way for someone from the house staff
Raphael's body was taken to be prepared for the funeral in two days, Michael was escorted to be patched up from his own wounds.
"You know the rule Mikey, anything shared with me in private, remains as such." He looked up at his brother and future King with a smile "Trust me, everyone comes to me to vent and get it off their chest. Even you. So what our baby brother needed to talk about remains private."
The young Alpha jumped slightly and gasped out a breath as he turned to look at his older brother Michael
Adam tilted his head and looked from his Father to his brother in concern.
Dean froze at the mention. He had heard of him before, a chief torturer for the King of Hell.
"Aw yes Madame Lilith! A pleasure to see you," He took her hand and the blond kissed it with a smile "I am here to show you to the room where you will be staying." He spoke with an air of what one would expect from royalty.
"Michael! You lived! Thank God because I do not want the throne!" Gabriel hugged his brother all four if his gold wings ruffled up in excitement
Lucifer gave the young, worried Prince a nod with a simple
"You have no right to speak to me that way /boy/" She hissed as she turned to leave "I will be back to negotiate further. That Omega though, he is damaged by now. If he was tortured it will probably hinder the potential of pups. I'm sorry you may never get an heir from that, /whore/." She purred with a delicate smile full of venom as she vanished out the door.
"Castiel?"
Dean's ears turned a shade of pink and embarrassment curled at the edges of his scent
"It's not Babysitting if I enjoy your company." She said simply before opening the door to Dean's chambers.
The Beta Demon simply smiled at the eldest Prince, it was unsettling, Michael found it slightly unnerving but maybe it was simply because he was tired and worried.
Afterall he was to Marry Michael almost immediately once his bruises and cuts were gone.
"It's good to see you both!" Michael smiled and he felt his eyes beginning to water.
"I think we all are. I would have been fine with it but-" Michael shook his head to give himself a moment to think of some excuse for the young prince
"Looks like I missed some party." The gold winged angel huffed trying to crack a smile but the state of the room made it difficult
A snort left Dean as he leaned against the desk in the side office, his office.
Cas listened to his brother's ramblings with a faint smile on his lips once he had gotten seated with his glass of whiskey. Gabriel had a way with words... he had the gift of calming or distracting most anyone he wanted or needed to.
"No. No Sammy I won't. I can't." Dean's voice tried to stay firm as he answered his brother before he could even start
"I don't do poetry." He grumbled crossing his arms tightly over his chest.
"I do though need to apologize to Castiel."
"I call her Baby. And no, she wasn't given to me, I worked my ass off to afford her." Dean made sure to clarify. He wasn't about to have this new, and okay not half bad, partner thinking he was some spoiled rich kid. Sure they're family had funds, but their father worked his ass off to get wealthy, and even served in the war, but he made sure his boys knew how to work.
As Kelly passed by him again the Prince intervened. Trying to ignore the bubble of jealousy filling the hole in his chest.
"Hello dear." Lydia hummed patting her daughters head and frowning "What kind of ponytail is that? The top is all lumpy and it's crooked." The light haired woman went about pulling the pony tail out and redoing it "You'd think after 6 years of having a daughter You'd have a better handle on a basic ponytail. Unless of course you're to wrapped up in your... Other kid." Lydia frowned glancing up at Dean as he handed her Emma's pink and grey bag
Cas hated this whole deal. The fighting, the threats, the corruption. He did what he did best; accounting and trying to make the best of their situation. He actually dropped out of college a few months before graduating with a bachelor's degree in business administrations. The world he wanted to live in; academics. Universities. Banks. Meetings. But not this cement shoes, gunpoints, dark basements and torture - the life their father had built in Europe. Southern Italy eventually wasn't big enough, fast enough for the Novaks. But once arriving in the US, Chuck ended up handing over the reins to his son, Lucifer, after the oldest Novak had proven himself by guiding the family away from the Italian Carabinieri. They escaped. Barely, but they did.
She was human.
John stood and let out a low growl that startled Dean and yes to the Prince's regret made him yelp like a scared pup.
Lucifer kept a hand rested on the hilt of his sword, his wings ridged and ready, all six of the bloody and pink wings ready to fight if need be. He was in a particularly bad mood this morning, regardless of the singing birds and blue skies. Spring was definitely well underway and Lucifer hated it, though he hated the cold even more.
Everyone was silent.
The Prince rushed to a waste bin full of potato skins and various garbage as he hurled up everything he'd eaten the last day or so.
"Why'd you leave Dean?" Castiel muttered, his voice low and raspy. Glaring at his half drank beer he threw it against the wall with a frustrated cry "Why'd you have to leave me!" He shouted as his hands found his hair. He was shaking, he couldn't stop "You son of bitch! You promised!"
It seemed the fight would never end as Dean watched in horror. What if his Cas lost? That was not a thought he wanted to Deal with.
The smile that tugged at Dean's cut lips showing his perfect teeth and crinkling his eyes made Castiel return the smile whole heartedly.
"You're to kind Michael. Really, Omegas are just... Omegas."
"Probably." As Dean reached for the library door Castiel quickly added "You can call me Cas also Dean."
"I can't be."
"Are you alright Dean?" His tone was soft and full of genuine concern.
"No sir there are some on the buffet table over there." He said jabbing a thumb behind him.
Castiel took a step backwards, his hands falling to hold Dean's hands, but at arm length.
Speaking of...
"You move over."
Gabriel's wings slumped slightly as it all Officially sunk in.
Dean groaned as he rolled over. Peeking a vibrant and slightly glowing green eyes open at the sound of the door creaking
"But you aren't." Sam held the angel at Arm's length, his deep brown puppy dog eyes searching Gabriel's face with such concern it made the Archangel's heart lurch "Let's get you to your room, and get you relaxed."
Michael dropped Sam off at the door to the lad's guest room, gave the young man a bow and headed off to flag down Charlie. He knew Dean was in a fragile state and sending any maid in to clean his room would cause issues for the Omega right now.
Dean heard the noise and immediately the screams made him flinch. The smell of agression outside his door and the sound of the clamour and chaos sent a chill down his spine and fear into his heart.
The Alpha was so close to Dean's face he could practically taste the alchohol on the Demon's breath. It was nauseating. Yet, Dean had to fight the urge to try and get closer and that disgusted him to no end. He wasn't some knot hungry whore and he hated his body for trying to say otherwise.
"I can bathe alone I will call if I need assistance." Dean gave Charlie a stiff smile as he gently closed the door behind her. Stripping down and stepping into the relaxing water with a sigh, Dean leaned his head back with closed eyes.
Dean swallowed, eyes darting to the blocked door and the angel blade that he gripped a little tighter. This strange Castiel had him pegged on so many points that it was unsettling. Some of the things he spoke about, Dean had only ever uttered to his angel. Those dark nights full of lazy kisses and limbs tangled around eachother, or nights when Dean had woken up screaming because of a nightmare that his Castiel had to pull him from.
"Is that my Led Zeppelin shirt?"
Adam looked up at Dean with a look of complete confusion, before looking at Castiel's pink cheeks and shifting wings with the same level of confusion.
Dean was getting ready for the day and was currently fixing the fluff that pointed out if his sleeves and fixing his shirt when there was an annoying and yet insistent knock on his quarters door.
"I assure you Dean Winchester. He will not lay a finger on you."
"Are you sure?" Lucifer asked leaning forward, his wings flapped a couple of times to get the feathers to relax.
Trying to catch his breath Sam pounded on the door in earnest. Chest heaving as the 15 year old put his hands on his legs and leaned forward a little bit, his scent pouring concern and relief.
Michael nodded his agreement as food was set before everyone. Crowley ate as if everything was right in the world, Chuck seemed to be able to eat fine as well, Sam nibbled at his plate and Castiel didn't even touch his fork. Michael ate maybe a bite here and there and Gabriel knew how to make it appear as if he was eating without ever successfully bringing the fork to his mouth
This time the voice of a little girl chirped out her response with a loud squealing laughter and Castiel's gruff
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
But Michael didn't feel like Home and that terrified Dean.
Gabriel wiped the drool from his chin and went about picking a new outfit out for the day
"Let it begin."
Raphael took a step back and bowed slightly, his wings puffed up slightly but no other sign of aggression.
"Leave it Dean." Cas muttered through a clenched jaw, he tried to flap his wings to help get him up and nearly yelled out in pain
"I'm asking for wrongs to be made right. As selfless as they may seem it is quite the contrary and is purely for my own gain. Have a wonderful evening your Highness. I pray the funeral goes just fine tomorrow, and I will see you at dinner."
"I never said I had to go with you. But you will take someone I choose. I've got enough on my plate dealing with all the hurt Dean has gone through I don't need my best friend disappearing or showing up on some shoreline dead." The younger prince bit out with tears glossing his vision
"Answer you that? Maybe be supportive of not just Fate, but maybe your child! I didn't choose to be this way! Fate didn't make me this way! I'm just this way Father!" Hot tears streamed down Michael's cheeks, flaming sword still pointed at Chuck "In addition to that, you assisted in putting Raphael against me. Forced me to take my brothers life."
Michael simply hummed in response. It did feel nice. Though it didn't feel right at all. Honestly the only time his wings being pet or touched ever felt actually right was when Lucifer helped him groom those spots Michael couldn't reach on his own.
Gabriel nodded and his four gold wings twitched.
"But she won't con me knowing that baby brother," Gabriel added making sure that he was smart enough to know if she was only after the family money or secrets. "I'll know if she's the same. If she ain't, then, guess it stays flirting, chasing, competition and sex." He winked again before shooting up and shoving his hands in his pockets, rocking on his heels.
Castiel stiffened and glared only for it to crumble into a laugh that shook his wings lightly
Not to mention the people.
Then, Chuck had come to John proposing when Dean presented as Omega, that when he turned 18 he Marry Michael. John had agreed as it seemed all four Kingdoms were in agreement of this, then Heaven and Hell broke out in war when Crowley's forces advanced on Purgatory.
Alone with Alistair.
Looking down Castiel noticed Adam, the young Prince stared wide eyes up at Castiel, hands clenched at his chest
10 years difference. The young Omega Prince found it quit distressing and only one more problem to be added to his long list of problems.
Using his angel strength Castiel blew the doors off the hinges. His eyes glowed with Grace, his wings spread in a challenge, his scent hostile as more demons ran at him, as they fell Castiel knew where he needed to go, the smell of distressed and in heat Omega had gotten stronger as they reached an inside cellar door at the back of the farmhouse. The Alpha Prince didn't care about keeping these demons alive, he didn't care about the blood on his armor, on his face, he didn't care about the anger he was admitting, these things had kidnapped a Prince, an Omega, barely 18 and due to be wed to a King, most importantly they kidnapped the Omega that Castiel was sure he would give the world, if Dean Winchester asked him.
"Oh, I see. So you just please everyone if it gets you where you need to go." Mike chuckled, forcing himself to not misinterpret Dean's words. This was purely tactical… nothing more…
"Who's there?" His voice croaked, the assaulting smell of fire and Alpha made him wrinkle his nose. It was so brash and made his nose itch and his eyes sting. He rather be around anyone else, even that Lilith lady with her overpowering perfume was a welcome to this.
"Good night Raphael." Michael stated sternly and narrowed his eyes at his brother, wings lifted slightly.
"Dear boy, you can't hide what you are. No matter if your built like an Alpha, or if you pretend you're something else. You are, always have been, and always will be an Omega. This includes everything that comes with that." Alistair gripped Dean's chin and the Prince remembered to breathe.
"You want to obey old ancient laws? That's the biggest bullshit you've ever spoken." John's voice dropped low, a dangerous look in his eyes "If you wanted to obey the law you would've listened to the Witch."
This was the opposite life he had hoped for.
"I don't know what I'm feeling... But I know it can't be good. I want to support the marriage, the arrangement, my brother, but... But I just don't know!" His wings flicked out as he hunched over and Gabriel grumbled as one of the midnight wings hit him in the face.
Dean raised an arm and let out a victorious cry as he hurled a hard boiled egg at Michael when his wings lowered. It hit the man's face and Dean couldn't help but loudly laugh and declare his victory.
"Ah, the Princess Bitch is awake." A voice off to Dean's left spoke, it was a voice that was uncomfortable on his ears, slimy and through the nose.
"No you're fine. Just warn me next time. I hit when startled."
Dean was standing on the table when the dining room door swung open and King Chuck stepped in.
"Yeah but I want one that still has a cool side!"
He didn't have much as to personal belongings in it, a few little trinkets here and there, a few pictures he held dear in the nightstand drawer, his car keys with a giant bee Keychain Dean had gotten him. Some spare clothes he never wore. It was the closet Cas went to, he didn't usually change, but he felt more comfortable clothes would be in order hopefully when Dean came to talk to him, as the Winchester generally did.
Chuck was telling stories of this and that, John laughing and sharing his own stories. Of war, and meetings when they were young rulers.
Chuck stood at the opposite end of the table as Crowley nodding in acknowledgement
Castiel's head whipped over to the entrance. Eyebrows knit together in a pinched look of concern and confusion as he slightly tilted his head "Hello Dean."
The hunter hesitated but took the hand, as soon as he did the Angel pulled Dean into his chest, running a hand up and down his back and between his now shaking shoulders. The two stood like that for a moment until Dean pulled away, confusion painting his tears stained face as he stared at the shirt the angel was wearing
Though he had the temper and attitude of an Alpha the poor Prince had presented as Omega four years ago at the age of 14.
"That reminds me... You-your father, Chuck, approached me late last night in my quarters." The last part came out quiet and weak
Dean stopped with a hiss as he cut the side of his hand by accident. He glare at the glass before throwing it away and heading to his bathroom sink.
"Thank you Sam. I needed the company." Gabriel stretched and stood rolling his shoulders and flexing his wings to try and wake them up "I am the one that's sorry for crying and snorting all over you."
"Very good. You aren't as stupid as I've heard."
"Gabe, it's not that easy and you know it. As much as you are right, as much as--" he struggled to actually say it out loud, even though all his brothers knew.
"You will not speak such slander about your own brother Raphael." Michael snapped his wings fluffed on aggravation, his scent taking more dominant tones
"Women must feel pretty left out if you reserve that pet name for your car." the grey-eyed detective teased with a chuckle.
"First Dean being Kidnapped for four months, and then Raphael challenging you. I am proud of you though Michael." Chuck placed a hand on his eldest son's shoulder, looking up into Michael's face
"You, you will be dealt with." Michael growled taking a stiff step back
Castiel hurried away from Dean, needing to escape before he did something out of character, such as kiss the Prince again. Rounding a corner the Alpha leaned against a tree to catch his breath, once he stopped moving he realized tears were streaming down his face, when had the tears come?
"Not all of it is strictly work. My tongue is good for more than sweet talking." Dean laughed, tongue resting between his teeth as he smiled "I prefer to call the dames doll or sweet cheeks, Baby is indeed reserved for my precious car." Dean mused as he continued, "As for the gents I'm good at getting from 'em, well, I'm great at acting, and you'd be surprised how many gunsels you run across in some of these swinging places. I can play my part if need be, and I don't mean reckless gunmen." Dean commented, keeping his eyes on the road.
Cas was I'm the kitchen digging in the freezer, muttering and mumbling to himself. He closed the door with a sigh, as the cold air felt amazing in his face.
Lucifer stood and grumbled under his breath
Dean had to admit that some of Castiel's mannerisms were rather, bird like, and adorable.
Gabriel smiled a little bit and chuckled at the young Alpha
The smile that crawled its way across the demons lips would forever be seared into Dean's memory, her black eyes seemed to turn blacker, which to the Human Prince he thought it wasn't possible, she shouted something in a language he recognized but didn't know and suddenly demon soldiers stormed in from the door, bursting through windows. Just a handful, enough to just barely outnumber the armed people inside the room.
"Of course." The big burly human smiled at Dean as he stepped aside.
Regardless Dean couldn't help but feel small around angered Alphas. It was the curse of his naturally motherly and submissive biology of an Omega. He hated it.
"This is not a war! This is a wedding!" Her accent ran thick as her purple eyes scanned the disaster of a room.
Dean's eyes lit up as he whipped his head to Cas
To Lucifer the Prince looked almost feral, his hair was untamable, eyes wide and wild, his pupils slits of rage as his eyes glowed in the dim hallway, the boy held his wings in an offensive way, blood splattering his clothes, face and wings. A growl rumbled in his throat and his glare made even Lucifer shift his wings slightly. It was obvious the young Alpha was beyond pissed.
"Where is Lilith staying? I need to speak with her immediately it is of the utmost importance."
Dean was also surprised though he knew he shouldn't be that he even spotted a demon here or there.
Kellie in Lucifer's eyes was different. He had met her in his wandering child years and they grew up together. He protected her and that was that. When he had met Michael when they were almost teenagers he had gotten Kellie a job at the stables as he himself became a knight. He felt bad that his friendship with Michael had kind of pushed their friendship aside.
"Please, you don't have to call me Prince or your Highness or anything... Dean is fine." He reassured her.
Michael's scent filled with guilt, it made Dean's nose twitch. He may not be in love with Michael, but they were friends, he still cared dearly for the Archangel, and took comfort in his presence more times than not, but guilt? Guilt was not something that smelled nice on the Alpha. At least in Dean's opinion.
"Also Michael is in love with Lucifer and Lucifer is in love with him."
"He will learn to love Michael. It's how these things work. You know this John I Don't underst-"
He grabbed Lilith and pushed into her room slamming her against the wall.
"Very well Alistair. Lead the way."
"Have you spoken to Michael yet?" Cas asked honestly curious about the answer
He was still Royalty they should treat him as such.
Dean swallowed thickly, the smell of hostility coming off of Chuck was out of character and strong enough to make the Omega Prince lower his head in a bow of submission
Hours turned to days which soon turned into two weeks, which turned into nearly four months, before they finally found where Dean was.
Dean's arms wrapped around John as he tried to keep the damn from breaking, a single tear slipping down his cheek as he felt his father's shoulders give a shake.
It was funny to Dean actually, Cas didn't need his vessel's heart beating to be alive, he didn't even need to breath, and Jimmy was in Heaven.
"So he challenged you?" Raphael seemed amused by this as he shifted his weight dark eyes piercing Michael
"Why? It is my Gods given gift to help you lot out. I see by this unholy ceremony, the pain you've caused ignoring Destiny! Fate is not to be trifled with Charles! I told you this all those years ago. Why is your son marrying this blood covered and miserable Omega?" The Witch asked throwinh a hand in Dean's direction "That isn't how I told you it was supposed to be." She added casting Dean a look of pity
"I'm not Babysitting you Castiel." Lucifer chuckled in a hushed tone, even with the tiredness starting to show on the Alpha's face Castiel knew Lucifer was alert "I'm simply ensuring no mishaps happen to the young Prince in my charge. I wouldn't want some Omega to lure you away and slaughter you in an alley with your knot out."
Michael ran a hand through his dark hair once again and sighed. He really just wanted to maybe go for a walk with Lucifer, talk to the blond Alpha, something. But of course the reasons why he kept licked away. He was engaged to be married Afterall. He didn't need what could never be swirling in his head, the 'what ifs' the 'maybes' the 'one days' no. He was to marry Dean. Who knew, maybe he would grow to love the Omega... Hopefully.
The Omega's mind had to he playing tricks on him. Yeah that made sense.
At first Cas refused to as much as move his feet. But Gabriel was persistent and too much of a goofball to resist giving in to some childish fun.
"We can't take it back Lucifer. What's said is said."
"I want to see Dean first. See if he's feeling any better. He did skip dinner and nearly threw up when we were talking in the parlor."
Chuck turned down a different hall, heading up stairs until he got to the quarters that Michael's future bride was staying. He paused outside the Omega's room, the Alpha gaurd giving him a bow of respect to the King
"Your Highness?" Lucifer whispered and gently touched the young man's elbow.
How in the blue hell a family managed to get so deeply rooted and intertwined in the economy of an entire nation was beyond the young former officer. But he had to prove himself. And that was exactly what he was planning to do.
The Omega had seemed fine all day but who knows. He had mentioned his heat would start any day and having privacy for that was a good Idea.
He fought it.
Dean smiled and Castiel thought it the most beautiful sight he had ever seen.
Due to the average reader on this site, I'm combining two chapters at a time for you all
"But you love Lucifer? Dean mentioned today."
"I wanted to give you something. For uh, for the wedding." Castiel dropped his gaze to the grass as he fumbled with something in his hands
The maid bowed and spoke her agreement before scurrying off to do as she was told
"Lucifer." The Omega replied without hesitation
Dean's eyes scanned the dim lit room and finally zeroed in on the angel slumped against the wall, he was clutching something in his hands as he pressed the small object on a string up to his scarred lips. Dean observed the odd little display, trying to make out what the weird Castiel was mumbling, when suddenly glowing blue eyes flicked up to Dean effectively catching him staring.
"Alrighty then. I'm gonna," Dean paused unsure of what exactly this guys deal was, the guy was definitely different that was for sure "I'm gonna assess the damage. You can either wait in here, wait in the front lobby, or hang outside while you wait on your ride." Dean cleared his throat and cleared the room. As he left he could still feel Castiel's intense gaze burning a hole between his shoulderblades.
As if on que the doors once again swung open with a crash, every head turned in near unison as a tossing sea towards the door.
No teasing, or smirks, or light hearted jokes.
"You know." Gabriel's wings twitched, settling close to his back nervous, eyes not meeting Sam's "I don't trust Crowley. But there is no other way that my father will allow Michael and Lucifer to be happy together, and no way for Queen Eve to allow any other form of peace and union between Heaven and Earth without her getting upset and potentially starting another war. I'm the third eldest in my royal family. I've got no real title, no chance for the throne, I don't get sent to war, I'm just floating in the middle with nothing to contribute to my family or Kingdom. I've been the subject of conspiracy and scandal long enough and this, this is how I can help." Gabriel's eyes were wet and his wings trembled. Arms stiff at his sides as he met Sam's eyes "I Need to do this."
Dean popped straight up with a gasp, green eyes wide, hands shaking as his head whipped every which way to get a look at his surroundings through the haze of sleep in his eyes
Lucifer's Auburn eyes fixed his glare on the girl before jerking his head as signal for her to leave
"Where's Cas?"
"Talk now and I may not kill you."
"But really darling, tonight is going to be very special. As for your house, I know you love the little place but-" He paused, turning his hand to intertwine their fingers, bringing her hand to his lips and kissing her knuckles "Eventually, I fear that place will be to small. I mean, if we get a dog." He chuckled, amber eyes twinkling with amusement as he knew she knew what he actually meant.
"I'm fine brother. But Lilith better have answers... Or at least someone around here better have some answers." Castiel growled.
The Beta demon smiled down at Lucifer from her place and handed him her passport. Proving she was who she said she was and that she was indeed a tailor, or technically a seamstress.
"I'll let you go... But Gabriel," He turned to face his little Alpha brother with a serious look "promise me, if something if wrong, you tell me. As his eldest brother I demand to know if something is wrong."
"What if Sam comes in?" Dean mumbled face still pressed into Castiel's chest and the soft worn fabric of his band tee
"Your Highness?" Benny asked with concern as his eyes searched Dean's face
"Shut up!" Dean's voice broke out over the Queen's raging. Dean took a shaken step forward no longer hiding behind Michael
"Come on in. Let's talk about all of this."
"Son of a Bitch!" He yelled his not bleeding hand clutching his chest
As Michael heard Bobby's subtle accusation and Dean's reaction, he frowned faintly. Were they not related? Was it all a myth? Why would the lieutenant not pull his nephew into a hug and proudly present him to everyone?
"I see." Dean's smirk became a devious one as he tackled Castiel the best he could in the little fort. Attacking his cheeks and nose and jaw with sloppy kisses that made the angle laugh and nudge his shoulders
Micheal groaned and Dean joined in with a huff and an eye roll.
"Raphael is away on business and will be returning in a few days. Father is in a meeting as the King and Queen of Earth just arrived about an hour before you. Your Omega has not yet emerged from his quarters, but has assured the maids his heat is over and he wanted to spend today getting his energy back."
Everyone flinching save their father Chuck who did not see it fit to butt into an argument his two grown Archangel sons could deal with themselves, even if the subject greatly upset the King
Dean stuck close to Michael through all of it. Not wanting to be stuck alone for fear of a repeat of the last time. It was an understandable fear Dean had not voiced, but didn't need to, Michael seemed to understand.
"Oh! Yeah you left her in my bed." Dean took her hand leading her to the first door on the right, finding the pink elephant, affectionately named Tigger, yes like the bouncing tiger from Winnie the Pooh
"Just worrying about Dean is all." Sam replied closing the heavy old book in his lap. His nose twitched as he looked up at Gabriel with a pensive stare "Are you alright? Did That Demon corner you? You have his sulfer smell lingering." Sam's own scent became defensive and before he could say anything else Gabriel shook his head
"Excuse me, I know I'm early, but uh I'm Detective Winchester and I do think you're my new partner." The greeting came out as forced politeness and gritted teeth. As much as Dean had been wanting to investigate the scandalous and mysterious Novak family, that seemingly had fingers in all the cookie jars, but never got caught, never got solid proof against any of them, and they always generally stayed out of the limelight, he didn't want to be partnered with some guy that thought Dean was an over privileged tag along. Michael lifted his gaze as he heard a confident sounding voice address him.
"Yes?" He swallowed and said throwing on a small smile
"Yes Alpha"
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Dean chuckled and shook his head
"Of course I will."
"As much as I wish she wasn't the person I'll end up with, she will be. And if her father, our father, some cousin of hers I don't know about or God knows who sees me with someone else, I'm dead meat, and so is dad." Cas sighed as he slowly but surely let the tension melt away as Gabriel twirled and swung them around.
Michael turned and tilted a head at Dean in an almost childlike manner. It was hard to see the Alpha Prince as a war hero who had seen lives taken, and taken them.
Gabriel snapped out of his head and his eyes met Sam's. The young Alpha was looking at him with concern etched on his face and sympathy in his eyes
For monsters all were kind to the Prince and the army of Heaven.
The three Winchesters soon got in a carriage that would follow the rest of the more esteemed and related funeral guests to the grave sight for the burial, Dean watched the four Princes climb into the leading carriage with their father, he watched Michael linger outside as the heavy slow rain drops slide down his face, grey gaze lingering on the wooden and decorated box his little brother lay in as they loaded it, before someone inside the ride pulled him from his trance.
Dean hugged her back burying his nose in the crook of her neck. She may not have birthed him but she was there when he needed her. He loved her and found her scent of fresh grass and lavender relaxing.
"Let us get to our rooms and sleep." Michael spoke softly and held a hand out to help his friend, no, the love of his life, to his feet.
"Lucifer and I? Close enough... It isn't what you think." Kelly assured him as she watched her future king collapse in an uncomfortable wood chair. This was the side of Michael she had only heard Lucifer speak of. The one that was just a man, just a boy that wanted what was best for his family and his people. Just a man with to much weighing him down. That was how Kelly knew he would be a great king.
Gabriel joined them on his knees in front of Michael, while Castiel knelt on his other side
The poor young maid scurried past him up the stairs to put the linen away and Lucifer strode down a small hall to the parlor that led outside. He rolled his sleeves down, glaring at his scarred up arms. Years of fighting will do that to ya, his body was covered in them because he'd been raised getting his hands dirty. Part of why he was glad when Cas showed interest in numbers and not violence. It was a safer portion of the family business.
Gabriel ignored his brother's almost audible groan.
"Listen here Prince. Hand over the Omega, and my heir! In return I give the general back to you... Well, what's left of him anyway." She muttered the last part as Lucifer was tossed infront of her with a pain filled and muffled cry, landing on his shoulder and tied mangled wings.
Castiel couldn't look at Michael, the guilt was to heavy.
The Archangel's gold wings shook with his shoulders as he buried his nose in Sam's shoulder. Arms coming around the human's middle, clutching the back of his shirt like a lifeline
Dean was getting nervous. A lot was going through the Omega's mind, he had no idea what Michael was getting at, but it was worrying him.
A small gasp left his lips as he met the Alpha's eyes.
The medic reached for one of Lucifer's wings, his own wings tucked close to his back. The Beta Medic halted suddenly as a threatening growl came from Lucifer's throat, dying out in a bloody cough
"He cut his hand helping me clean up some glass. I got it cleaned and He'll be alright, but Michael..." Charlie met the soon to be King's eyes with a stern look "He has a lot on his mind. I know you're going to he his husband but, but whatever choice he decides, support him. Even if it isn't the one you would choose."
Frankly Dean was surprised that he felt safe around Benny. Alpha's were not something he wanted to be around, except the Novaks, and his brother. He also knew if his father was here he'd be okay with that, but other Alpha's made him nervous the last few days he'd been back.
"He was seen last heading to his room. Supposedly he had requested dinner alone in his room as his heat was coming on a little bit today." Gabriel looked up at Lucifer as he continued "If he was indeed taken by an Alpha as Michael said the scent in the hall outside his room indicated, then... Lucifer this could be bad. Any Alpha with a twisted mind would take advantage of an Omega in heat, and unmated. Not to mention the Alpha could get away with it as Omega's aren't always exactly reliable sources, as they are seen as breeding tools." Gabroel practically spit the word put with a grimace as if they had left a bad taste in his mouth "Heat or not wr cannot allow anything to happen to the Prince. He is our King's future husband, and the soon to be mate of my brother, please find him Lucifer."
The Crowned Prince wore black, boots shining and golden crown rested atop his neatly combed black hair. Silver eyes scanning his attire and pure white feathers, everything was set proper, in order. With a sniff Michael blinked back the tears, eyes flicking down to his hands. The ones that took his little brother's life. For a throne, and a crown, that was already weighing him down, already. The weight of the Kingdom was ready settled on the Prince's shoulders, he felt as if it was cutting through his wings, pulling them down. His shoulders pulled back, wings folded neatly.
Gabriel narrowed his eyes at the demon and folded his arms over his chest
But something was off here.
"We told the kids they weren't allowed and put them in their own bed."
Another sigh and Dean was popping in a tape with a selection of songs from VeggieTales. Why Ben's mother, Lisa, thought a show about singing Vegetables telling Bible stories was good entertainment for kids was beyond him. But at least he and Lisa had always been on good terms, and even though they weren't together they were still friends and both very involved in raising Ben.
Dean didn't want to think about it though, he got up regretfully from his warm little nest, took Castiel's blood stained trenchcoat, put it on like a robe and cracked it door open
Gabriel let out a huff into Sam's shoulder trying to keep his nose out of the teens neck as that could be considered scenting and the two were only friends.
"Yes. I may have, confiscated it from the laundry room about two weeks ago. It's rather comfortable." Castiel responded matter of factly making Dean quirk a smile just a little
Sometimes it amused Cas to what an extent his brother's influence showed through in his own behaviour and vocabulary.
Dean took a deep breath, he had to take this all one issue at a time. The first issue being, what, was he going to do with the baby?
"He's fine. Dealing with everything." Chuck spoke pulling a chair away from the desk and sitting in It. Wings dropping as he hung his head and thought about how to word this
"I must bid you all goodnight, as rude as it may be. I've had a rather taxing day and have to bury my brother in a day or two."
"Of course you did. Come on then, we should get to bed."
"Afternoon Dean! It's been forever since I've seen you" Dean jolted a bit surprised having not hear another car pull in. A smile hit his lips as he saw Michael get out of a vehicle and pull a little boy out of the backseat "Missed you at the wedding." Michael added holding the little boy on his hip as he approached Dean
"Your Highness, I think I found the Omega's kidnapper."
Signing Dean looked down at Ben who looked up at his father with big brown eyes in return
Castiel smiled softly as Dean stared at their chests, the red light of the short string illuminating the darkened space as Castiel's dark wings canopied them away from the commotion.
Michael found himself thinking maybe this marriage would work.
"Who is it and what the fuck do you want?" He asked sitting up, he pulled warm fuzzy blankets over his shoulders to trap the warmth of his nest to his body
"Daddy I can't find her!"
"We will take a boat, leave under the cover of night-"
The very thought made the Archangel freeze in his tracks, his heart stopped thupping for a moment and something caught in his throat. His stomach twisted, wings twitched, Lucifer's fingers twitched with the urge to run them through the Crowned Prince's hair, or feathers.
"That means a lot your Michael! Er uh your Majesty..."
"Ben and I will see you next Friday after school okay?"
With careful hands the Beta doing his makeup placed the delicate twisted silver crown atop his hair, staring at himself in the mirror as he gently took the gold chained necklace Castiel had made for him he latched it behind his head, hating how the long simple line earrings he wore tickled at his jaw. He looked nice, he would admit that, but he didn't look like himself. He looked the definition of an Angel's Omega arm candy. All he was missing were the wings.
Lucifer's mouth fell open and his eyebrows raised, the glare that the young Alpha was giving this demon was unlike his usual peaceful nature, his scent held anger, agression, and an unspoken threat. Wings fluffed like the never ending vastness of the unknown, chin up, eyes full of a raging fire of hate, burning darker than the sea of fire beyond Hell's Southern border.
He liked Dean.
So here Lucifer was in the cool morning air waiting for pompous fluff balls of wealth to come riding up in their carriages to bring all kinds of shit to plan a royal wedding. The first royal wedding in nearly forty years at that, and the wedding of the soon to be King of Heaven.
"I believe he headed off." Michael was jolted from his thoughts by a cheery voice, turning to see the maid Kelly standing behind him. Her wings lowered slightly as she bowed, her brown doe like eyes blinking innocently up at Michael
"No I don't!"
A window and balcony straight ahead from the door and a couple of chairs by the fireplace. A large dresser and walk in closet, fuzzy rug.
The Omega pulled a blanket closer to his chest, running a hand through his sweat soaked hair and blinked at Sam, swallowing heavily
Dean put the shirt back on and climbed into the cozy nest he had created, the smell of Castiel lingered on the coat was actually rather comforting.
"The Omega Prince has been returned."
"Yeah, he's not allowed to watch TV until tomorrow." Dean gave Ben a look as his son looked up wide eyed in protest "He got into the snack cabinet while I was giving Emma a bath this morning. Made a huge mess and he knows better. I already told Lisa, she said she'll be picking him up a little after her usual time tonight." Dean added as his brother squeezed his shoulder
"Have a seat, join me for tea. I offered your eldest brother Michael help in his private matters and the pillow stuffing turned me down, but this. This, is a surprise. Gabriel, the third eldest of Heaven's princes, the mysterious Alpha no one truly knows much about, has come to me for up on something? Pray tell me Gabriel, does it have to do with your little secret? Your family's cover up?" Crowley cooed as he took a seat
"You can have the damn pillow if you want it Dean." Cas frowned and shook his head, running his hand over his neck and grimacing as he wiped sweat away
"Step away from him!"
"It was the only way for you to listen to me." Castiel spoke voice even as he stood, whatever he had been holding was put around his neck, hanging over his tie.
And it was a heart stopping thought.
"That is Dean for you. He is twice the Alpha of most Regardless of his designation." Sam added as he bowed to Castiel "You have my eternal gratitude for bringing him back in ome piece. If you ever need anything, send for me."
"I'm not joking. I love you and seeing you, be well, you, I don't want it to ever go away. Now just fucking say yes before I change my mind about asking."
"Dean?" John's voice was soft and quiet in the carriage car as they headed back towards the castle
The prince was pulled out of his thoughts by a clap of thunder, everyone seemed to simultaneously look up to the sky. Drops fell slow, and large, making the congregated Kingdom to pull out umbrellas, or step under awnings.
Gabriel smiled and if Sam didn't know any better it was a knowing and slightly sad smile.
The next morning, the wind seemed to shift over the sea, the air threatened rain but not a drop fell. Clouds rolling with an ominous energy, waiting for something to happen.
The sight of Dean's smile and sound of his laughter made Cas smile before he leaned over and pressed a sweet kiss to Dean's sweaty forehead
He opened his eyes quickly as a hand touched his shoulder. Meeting his step mother's eyes in the mirror
Balthazar was unphased except when his wine spilled, then the angel pouted and shot his brother's an irritated look.
"Michael," Dean started keeping his eyes up at the sky "What should I do?"
"I'm right behind you." As he watched the Archangel stalk down the hallway, once Lucifer rounded the corner the Prince slipped into the room and frowned upon the beaten and nearly unrecognizable demon known as Alistair
The Prince's fingertips flitted over the bruised teeth marks. If he hadn't gotten he feet under the demon and pushed him off, than Alistair would of drawn blood and mated him.
Dean let go of the dark Castiel's wing and threw himself at his now conscious husband, cupping his face gently in his hands, the rain was only a drizzle as Dean felt the uncomfortable weight lift from his chest as he left little kisses and whimpered 'I Love Yous' all over the battered Angel's face.
"She did not rule six months ago when the war ended. If she rules now, what if Crowley?" Michael looked at Lucifer seriously and they both seemed to know what the other was thinking.
Sam gave Dean a knowing look from behind him.
"Perhaps. But I still helped a lot with him."
Perhaps that's why the attractive Alpha Prince in front if him smelled so nicely of poetry and warmth.
"Probably." Benny smiled a little, his smile dropped and his hand grabbed the handle of his sword at the sound of approaching footsteps.
Dean was taken aback by the abrupt question.
Whether that Meant Michael's crown, or Crowley's Dean didn't know for sure.
"Alright big shot. We're sleeping in the fort tonight."
"Yes."
Before he knew it the door had been ripped from the wall and thrown, a figure stood in the door along with the smell if an angered and hostile Alpha filled the room and Dean bit back a whimper. When he spoke to the Alpha he hated the whine that took over his voice, he hated the shivering that he couldn't control as he was so cold but so sweaty at the same time.
Panic and anger rose up and bubbled in Michael's chest.
Castiel frowned and concern laced his voice but Dean wasn't going to look at him
Lucifer looked at Michael and wet his lips before he spoke
Castiel was busy talking with Lucifer about the possibility of rain and Dean knew he hadn't heard him
Michael frowned as his brother entered his room.
"Anything you say honey dearest." Dean smirked propping his flashlight up against the blender
Lucifer ignored the way he had ended up meeting the Omega Prince.
He could do this.
The Alpha continued to knock as his patience dissipated completely. A flickering light was lit as the Archangel heard the shuffling of feet and wings before the door finally opened.
"No reason brother. I would hate for the little dark winged runt to try and fight you for the crown."
"It's in the old laws. True Mates, it's a profound bond separated not even by the afterlife. It's in your laws that if True Mates can be proven, that it doesn't matter what they're social status, gender, or presentation are, they can be married and mated. Protected by the Laws." Sam stated with a confident look "In addition to that royals are protected by that law as well, as social status means nothing to Fate. The other Kingdoms have to obey the laws. It's one of the few ancient laws all the Kingdoms have shared since the beginning. They also must honor all marital treaties that are not carried out by the True Mates Law." Sam raised an eyebrow at Michael as he watched the older Prince's wheels turn
"You're not Cas." He growled out, lips pressed together as his jaw flexed
Gabriel intercepted a maid as she was bringing afternoon tea to their guest, she didn't seem to mind as the gold winged Archangel flashed a flirtatious smile and toom her tray.
Dean's head whipped to the side at the sound of Bobby's voice
"Omega's do not need a signing off of their Alpha if they are not mated. That right then goes to the Alpha of your house, in this case, your Father. Rape cases are a whole other thing, you may not need Alpha approval if you can prove the ra-"
Like a skilled predator, Castiel waited patiently in the darkness, the door creaked open but Dean didn't turn the light on, he stood in the doorway talking quietly with the Castiel from his world.
Chuck nodded again and dismissed his children and their guest. Once the door was closed Chuck looked down the long table to Crowley. The demon was already looking at the King with a curious yet slightly knowing look.
Michael frowned at his friend shaking his head, his wings twitched but he kept his cool.
"Lucifer shut up." Michael growled taking Lucifer's hands in his own
"He claimed his Queen is Abaddon, and he claimed she ruled Hell."
"I'm fine now."
Castiel woke up he didn't know how many hours longer and sat up rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
"Don't/ ever/ call me that Dean." Castiel's voice was deep and calm, he gripped Dean's bare arms tightly as he looked into Dean's eyes with emotions neither Prince dared to name
Dean followed the angel into the room, the room was large and opened into a cozy living area, a fireplace, large couch and a couple of comfortable chairs, a fuzzy rug and glass coffee table sat in the middle of room. Very cozy and relaxing.
"Maybe he won't have to." Castiel mused a look coming across his face.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Taking a deep breath Dean scrubbed both his hands over his face, as he looked at the mess he had made. Running his hands over his thighs he quickly headed over to the mess of broken glass and furniture, grabbed the waste basket and began to pick up the larger pieces of shattered glass and splintered wood.
"I said shut up!" Michael roared swinging his blade closer to his father, the flaming tip just far enougj from the Kings face not to burn his beard "The blood of my brother is on my hands because of you! The man I love is near dead because of you! Dean was kidnapped and tortured because of this foolish wedding when you knew-YOU KNEW what Fate wanted!"
Benny didn't say another word, but Dean noted how the Alpha's nose twitched when the Prince brushed past him.
Dean tried to keep it together as he whispered a simple
Just a concerned older brother.
"Now," Castiel began as he leaned against the door, marks crossed over his chest "Let's share our names shall we? I'll go first. I am Alpha Prince Castiel the Free Willed. This." he motioned with a slight smirk, to Luicfer standing just behind him with a glare "Is the Archangel Alpha General Lucifer or better known as the Devil if the Cage"
Dean looked behind Gabriel whom was grumbling as a maid handed him a broom with a smirk.
The blonde woman bowed and offered her hand to Dean, which he took with a forced smile
Right now Dean just wanted to be assured that everything would be ok, and he wanted to be held, cuddled, he didn't want to think.
"Wow Sam. Real encouraging. Where pray, did you learn your bedside manners?" Dean laughed again as he shook his head, tilting his chin up to see his little brother's face
Looking around the hall Dean peeked his head into the kitchen, fresh brownies lay cooling on the stove indicating his husband had at least been there recently, and his car was still in the garage.
Enjoy the ending ya fluffy animals
A few hours later and the screaming came to a cease, the scent of furious Archangel Alpha and Terrified demon calmed slightly as the door to Castiel's room of this little Inn was opened and out came Lucifer.
"You are anything but."
"I'm not Dean's big brother! I'm his littlest brother! Him and Sammy are bigger than me" The boy looked almost offended by the idea
"Charlie, it's nothing like that. I just- I had a lot on my mind and overreacted." Dean gulped placing a hand gently on the woman's shoulder
He had really only remembered this Beta maid bringing him food, making him drink water, and making sure he got cleaned.
This sight, this took Castiel's breath away. Dean stood with the moon illuminating his face, his eyes shining an indescribable green like the pools of a forest trapped between fantasy and reality, even if one eyes was swollen in a nasty purple and yellow, his freckles dotted his tanned face in such a way to rival the stars for the constellations of the Heavens, the Human pulled his green and gold robe a little tighter around him and his broad shoulders relaxed when he realized it was Castiel.
"Today's excitment has over exerted him. The Omega was feeling worn out and a little under the weather." Gabriel quickly answered easing the tense look Castiel was giving him, the concerned frown Michael had, and the oddly intrigued look in the Demon King's red eyes. Gabriel's wings twitched under the scrutiny, something he certainly /did not/ like was a lot of attention at once.
She opened the door for him and allowed him to enter his chambers.
The look his brother gave him told Dean he knew. Dean was scared, grasping at straws, but it was ok.
"Michael you can't say things like that." Dean hissed smiling at the Crowned Prince
John couldn't hide his chuckle as he shook his head before hugging his dear son.
Dean shook his head, gave Sam a little smile and wave before turning his attention past Lucifer. The Alpha ducked his head down to try and make eye contact with the Prince but Dean's eyes kept darting back and forth in the crowd on the other side of the arena.
"I wish everyone would stop asking me that." The words came out in an exasperated breath, Dean's green eyes blinked up to meet his father's eyes.
Kate tilted her head as she seemed to think of what she wanted to say
"Be silent! He is not my brother, he was not my brother. None of you are actually my brothers." He hissed all four wings rose in anger as he growled at the shorter golden angel
"I, I did something that I shouldn't have." Michael muttered and refused to look Dean in the face. His wings flapped nervously
Charlie looked over her shoulder with wide fear filled eyes at Dean.
"That's one way of putting it. Still, only Sam, Charlie and myself know of your pregnancy. We could cover it up, claim it as my own... But when the child is born there is no hiding it. Besides surely covering it up would not actually convince anyone. Our scents are mingled enough to even pretend we had been together. Perhaps we could take to my Father. Explain the situation."
"If you can't keep yourself together in this situation, who's to say you will not snap under the weight of the crown?" Raphael had asked with false concern in his voice, but amusement in his eyes
"I am not your King Yet Lucifer."
"Yes father?" He spoke, something hiding in his voice that Chuck could not place.
"Sure thing Kiddo come on. Grandpa Bobby is gonna be pissed I'm late." Dean laughed shaking his head and walking Ben inside
Sam frowned and once again growled as he stood up from his chair. The wood legs made a horrid scraping noise against the marble floor that made Adam, Dean and Kate flinch.
"Michael was supposed to-"
"It isn't my fault that Samandriel is gone! He is either dead or was whored off to someone!" He hissed and a growl rumbled his chest
"I can imagine he isn't." Castiel frowned. The angel opened his mouth to speak, but seemed to think better of it. "Jack take the things to the kitchen and help Sam put them away. I will try to talk to Dean." Sam just nodded, that pinched worried expression never leaving his face as he followed Jack into the kitchen with a frown.
Michael's nose twitched as she walked past him, maybe it was his imagination, his stress over Dean's situation that had come to light, but the maid Kelly Kline had something different about her scent and it drove Michael up the walls.
"I just, I don't want to /feel/ like this right now. I have so much on my plate as it is. Now I've lost a family member." Gabriel closed his eyes as another silent tear fell "I can't imagine how Michael feels. I saw him when the dust settled, cradling Raphael's body and Apologizing..."
When Dean came a little closer Cas noticed his red rimmed eyes, the way his nose twitched as he tried not to sniffle, the large couple of cuts on his forehead had dried and had begun to scab over, his knuckles were raw and torn open. "Do you wanna talk about it?"
So instead he lifted his wings and flew into the air, he spun as he reached the clouds and instead of continuing up he looked down, his eyes narrowing as he spotted where he wanted to go.
Michael was stuck needing a Queen, an Omega, in this case Dean.
"Alright. Okay." Sam forced a smile and watched as Gabriel, boarded the little boat with his two guards and shipped off into the night.
Dean watched until Castiel was out of sight, the Omega's chest lurched with a painful stabbing and he felt nauseous. His head pounded and he could only hear his heart breaking, the sound of the waves was lost upon his ears as he forced his legs to move and take him towards the entrance of the castle and go back to his room. To his big lonely room, to his big lonely bed, to sleep alone wrapped in cold blankets.
As the hours dragged on Dean shifted again and bit the inside of his cheek, he was extremely uncomfortable, he hadn't been given one of the annoying heat inducing drugs in nearly three days and the heat was finally wearing off, didn't mean he wasn't still flushed from the tips of his ears to his shoulders, he was covered in a fine layer of sweat over his body, and he was under a constant state of arousal and because of that they really needed to settle for the night.
Dean bit his tongue. Castiel really was obviously the baby brother...
Buttoning his shirt cuffs, Lucifer shrugged on his long coat and put his hat on, grabbed his keys and went out the door with the swish of his coat.
"I had no choice!" The lamps shattered along with the TV as Castiel's eyes turned white with rage "I can fix it! Come with me." His yelling fell into a near whisper, despair and desperation filling his tone as grace filled eyes watered over with unwashed tears. The sorrowful look reminded Dean so much of his Castiel that he felt his heart lurch with pain. Whatever this Cas had been through, he obviously lost his Dean, they had probably been together since he wore the amulet along with a ring. But Dean wasn't his hunter, and the poor angel needed to understand that.
Gabriel looked at Castiel when he heard the boy growl and realized his baby brother had snapped at a stable boy.
"Than don't." Sam smiled softly
"It certainly would appear that way now wouldn't it? Perhaps I let you win to amuse you?"
Really though only one scent stood out, the scent if old books and coffee beans.
"But Dean I-"
Dean was in so much distress, so much turmoil that Sam could /taste/ the soured vanilla in the air coming off his older brother. It scared him a little. Not the yelling, not the knocking things over, not the jerking away. But what scared Sam wa show /lost/ and how /scared/ Dean was. It wasn't anything like the Dean that Sam knew. The Dean that helped /raise/ him when Kate had to tend to Adam as a baby. This was a broken, hollowed out and scared Dean.
"It's ok Dean. I got you. For once someone has got you." He whispered as his brother's composed and strong walls crumbled
But now it was gone. The only thing keeping Castiel going, was gone.
Dean shook his head and smiled as he brought a hand up eyeing three of those pure white limbs of fluff.
He opened his mouth to speak, but was cut off with a grunt as a bundle of red hair collided into his chest with a squeal.
Charlie didn't bother hiding her laughter as the woman playfully nudged the soon to be King's arm and moved past him
Michael opened his mouth to speak when the double doors swung open with a bang in ran the Beta maid known as Charlie.
Dean sucked in a breath, and slowly let it out
Dean felt Cas lift his chin and hesitate, to which Dean was having none of and met the Alpha halfway in a gentle yet perfect kiss.
The barely 22-year-old longed for a normal life. A family of his own. A house with a white picket fence, a flower-filled garden and a dog to go with it. However, he was blessed and cursed with his family name, so there was no way in Heaven or Hell this would end without a) Cas leaving his family, which he would never do, or b) Lucifer deciding this was not worth it any longer, which would never happen either.
"Fine. Fine. What makes you think the Witch can help? Dean and I are marrying for peace between all the Kingdoms not just Heaven and Earth." Michael asked his voice a loud whisper as he watched Sam closely
Balthazar, Castiel and Gabriel were rather astonished that Michael had lost this fight, to an Omega no less.
It was, beyond words.
"I don't see her, holy Hell she-she disappeared..."
"Marry me Cas." Dean said again, in the fluckering candle light Cas was sure Dean was blushing, even though he'd been flushed from the heat.
Dean frowned and poured Gabriel a cup of tea before silently handing it to the Alpha, a single glance to Sam signaled that Gabriel was obviously not ok and their conversation was on hold.
Adam stood beside his father with a look of confusion. Being a child he was mostly out of the loop, all he knew is Sam had come to stay in Heaven while they worked to save Dean from some bad guys. The boy needn't know anything else.
"I don't understand it either. It makes less sense than Raphael challenging Michael to the throne in a freaking death match! Those laws haven't been observed since-" Gabriel wracked his brain for any remembrance of the last time they actually carried out the challenge rule "I don't know when but it was well beyond what I can remember leanring." The angel sat down, wings flopped limply over the armrests of the chair, he scrubbed his hands over his face "My father Can not know what I'm doing."
Castiel hated seeing Dean so broken. Ever since he pulled the bright and Beautiful soul out of Hell, Cas knew Dean was cracked. But the cracks in his soul made him human, made him the man he was. Castiel knew if Dean didn't have to dwell on and suffer through these things, then the Winchester could be happier. When he finally worked through and let things go, the angel had seen him happy.
"Damn it!" He hissed forcing his wing to lift, it was heavy and felt like lead "My wing is asleep." He grumbled walking towards the door, the one wing drooped and dragging along the floor a little bit.
Sam just nodded. The young Prince thought it over but tucked it to the back of his mind.
Michael at least looked and smelled nice.
The roads were pretty empty as they usually were. Barely every second family owned a car, if even. So most days, after lunch time, the roads remained empty until after 4 pm. It was a dusty, humid summer day, the roads glimmered with heat as Dean drove them all the way down town.
Gabriel shrugged. His wings slumping behind him, edges over the couch and beside Sam
"Until I return your majesties." He bowed one last time, turned to leave as the doors once again burst open, this time both of the doors hit the wall making a maid or two yell in startled fright, cool almost Spring air wafted in with a bitter chill, standing in the doorway was the horned silhouette of a dead man
"Fine. My witch of a mother stays where she is. But we could use-"
Castiel watched after Dean and Michael didn't know if it was just friendly concern or... Shaking his head he looked at Gabriel.
"Dean I'm so-"
He wasn't ready.
"We were almost married Dean, formalities mean nothing to me when it comes to friends and family." Michael added taking a seat beside Lucifer, watching the blonde's face for any sign of discomfort
Sam stayed silent and tucked loose hair behind his ear as he tried to think of something anything to say, as the young teen opened his mouth to speak Gabriel growled, his fist swinging out and colliding with a wall.
"Give him Time Sam. He'll see he's safe and he will heal. The only thing we can do for him right now is be there."
Adam gave a nod of agreement and bounced on the large plush bed as he tilted his head at Michael
Introduction to the Novak's!
Dean cracked a grin and grabbed his robe patting Sam's shoulder
It was the middle of June, and 90 degrees Fahrenheit, with no working air conditioning. Dean Winchester and Castiel Novak were trying to get some sleep, but Dean was being a pillow hog. The window was open letting in a somewhat cool evening breeze, a fan in the corner whirred, clicking as it rotated back and forth in stuttering, herky movements, the cars drove by, the sound of it more noticeable through the screen and three stories up in their apartment.
"I didn't want to." Michael muttered avoiding eye contact with his father
"Than what is it?" Dean swallowed and focused on the side of Michael's face. The Archangel had a very handsome profile, Dean felt bad he had to marry him instead of someone that would appreciate and love Michael like Dean knew he never could
"Winchester… yes, I heard so too." Mike replied, with a faint, mostly polite, tight-lipped smile and a quick nod. He allowed himself to look his new partner up and down for a second. Probably around the same age as him… or not? Younger? An incredibly handsome young man, just as new at this whole detective thing as Mike was himself. The effortless way the freckled blond had his hands resting in the pockets of his perfectly fitting trousers, made it abundantly clear why each and every woman in New Orleans was melting if officer Winchester was on the case-- detective Winchester by now.
Just, gone.
Dean knelt in front of his baby brother as the young ten year old prince sat on his bed.
"What happened to you Dean?"
Michael didn't know how long he stayed at his brother's graveside. When he lifted his head, heavy with rain, wings shivering and dripping, the entire sky was a tumbling black, the rain never ceasing its heavy assault on the Prince. The tears long gone from his icy eyes, washed away by the rain that matted his hair to his forehead. With trembling hands the Prince stood, removed the crown from his head with a solemn expression
"Pretty fucked up. Let. Me. Go!" Dean growled shaking the chair enough to tip it sideways again. Then he felt it, some nail sticking out of the floor where the carpet met the wall. That could help cut the rope if he could just, get it...
Kelly had actually gotten a job, which wasn't easy, given her age. Most women in their late 20s or early 30s were expected to raise children and take care of their husbands-- well... speaking of which... Kelly's heart skipped a beat as she reminded herself not to drink any wine that night.
His head hurt.
Dean stood making his way to the door, waiting until there was a knock to open it.
"Don't speak. Try not to move." Lucifer looked much worse now that he was close to the other Archangel, his wings were in horrible condition, chunks of feathers missing, bare bone exposed, bent and twisted in ways unnatural for any of the man's six wings. The pinks and reds obscured by caked dark blood and dirt.
"Come on Adam, I'll take you to Sam" He smiled looking between Kate and John "I'm sure you all are tired." Dean added handing Baby off to Kelly. Michael rode up as the four humans had started for the castle.
The glass shattered like his heart, little pieces poking into his skin like the shattered glass of his heart stabbing into his rapidly beating heart.
"Then what? What made you suddenly change your mind? Is Dean getting cold feet? That's normal. You yourself experienced it with both Mary and Kate. I with both my wives as well." Chuck rolled his eyes chuckling
Castiel paused, his wings going rigid as if he'd been caught in a cookie jar
"Assbutt"
"Your Highness?" Dean whispered so onu Castiel and his horse could hear.
Decided to at least check in his children, as he was a decent father, at least in his mind, he knocked first on Michael's door.
For all he knew, Dean was actually the beautiful, kind hearted and stubborn Omega Prince the world craved...
But all good things come to an end. To soon it seemed Lucifer pulled away from the Crowned Prince, to soon did Michael's hand leave Lucifer's cheek, to soon were their wings untangled and folded behind their backs, to soon did they step away from eachother and back into the real world. The real world where Alpha Princes, and Alpha Generals weren't allowed to be together. In the real world where Alpha's and Alpha's weren't together, and Princes didn't fall in love with Knights, but with handsome Omega's.
The other Cas easily dodged the attack, grabbed Dean's wrist with one arm, spinning him around as he slammed him into the thin wall of the cheap motel room. Dean groaned as one arm was pinned behind his back, the other above his head resulting in him dropping the shining blade.
"It isn't that amusing Dean. What did you end up telling her." Castiel asked again, his eyebrows pinching together as he tried not to smile at his husband. The way his eyes crinkled when he laughed and grey speckled his once blond hair, or the way his chest heaved with every Beautiful laugh that came from those perfect lips.
Sam opened his mouth to talk again when both Alphas looked up at the sound of the bathroom door opening and Dean came out hesitantly
Gabriel smiled at Sam as the teen fought back tears, and couldn't help the small laugh that escaped his lips as Sam pulled Castiel into a bone crushing hug.
"If you're more comfortable bowing, than by all means." Michael shook his head with a chuckle "But in all seriousness I must speak to you privately in the hall."
Angel blade suddenly in hand the angel burst the door open, ready for a fight. Instead he was greeted with Dean, standing beside a toppled desk and shattered lamp "Dean-"
"No reason brother." He forced a smile before his and Castiel's attention was drawn to the dining room doors where their father Chuck had just entered.
"Should you go speak to him?" Gabriel suggested and Castiel looked at the two
Michael bashfully shook his head his neck and cheeks darkened a little with embarrassment
His father had made sure he knew how to defend himself, especially if the attacker were to try and use his biology against him
"It's for you I assume?"
The warm body on his twitched and groaned grumbling about their back hurting and their wings being asleep.
"Take me home" Dean's voice broke as tears pricked his eyes "Take me away from here Alpha."
He strutted over to the mantel where Lucifer had left the two filled glasses for the two. Taking them both Gabe handed one to Cas, swirling the other as he looked into it, free hand shoving into his pocket.
"I would indeed have to agree, but it's nice to be home."
"Where did I grow up? That's a fun story. Originally we're from a town in Kansas. Moved here when I was around 13 and Sammy was like 8 or 9... Little Adam was just 4 or 5 at the time. They're my little brothers. As for learning bout cars? It was interesting actually. When I was a teen, before becoming a cop I worked at one of those gas stations that doubled as a repair garage. Learnt everything I know about cars there. These contraptions are truly fascinating and one of the best things man has invented... Right next to running hot water and lingerie," Dean winked not even bothering to hide his amusement at Michael's face.
"Some do not. Just as some Angel's do not. I on the other hand and as a royal do."
He felt Michael shift slightly and was glad to know he wasn't the only nervous one here.
This could potentially, if Hell was behind it and not someone else, be a declaration to resume the war they all agreed was done.
Her tiny home that offered just about enough space for two people and a baby would be filled with life and giggles and joy in less than a year.
Chuck stood again and smiled
Everything going on was just taring the Alpha apart. After a few moments he drew his knees to his chest and his six pure white and shimmering wings wrapped around his body, his face buried in his knees.
Dean closed his eyes and knew this was going to be, a very, very long trip.
"Kate and Adam are well, Adam is showing signs of potentially presenting as a Beta but we cannot be sure. A letter was sent out yesterday upon your arrival that you've returned, and Father should be making his way here soon. As fo Lady Moore..."
If Sam was honest Gabriel was his favorite Prince of Heaven. He was easygoing and knew how to lighten a mood, and make someone laugh. But he also was kind and considerate about the things that upset others.
"I understand." He spoke simply and finally a tear slipped down the Alpha's face his wings seemed to drop a little, the ends resting in the cool sand
John cleared his throat to speak before Dean could.
He knew how much it hurt.
Shaking his head and flexing his wings he went back to his post at the palace gates. They were expecting visitors and he knew any moment some would be arriving.
"Most likely. We will get a cat instead."
"Alright, Dean, I'm sorry. This is my request to you as a King. It's for Michael's own good. You're to marry him as soon as you're presentable to the public anyway. No one but us and him in the end will even know that you two have been together. Just do as I request." Chuck pleaded his wings dropping
Once he reached his Father's private study he hesitated before finally straightening his posture, clenching his jaw, chin up, cleared his throat and knocked.
"Your mom doesn't like much." He muttered soon packing both kids into their car seats. Baby didn't look to bad with a couple of car seats on the back bench. Another thing Lydia bitched about, his 67 Impala and whether or not such an old car was 'safe' for children to ride in. Kids rode in it back the whole time the vehicle was manufactured, besides, Dean and his little brother grew up riding around in Baby, the car was safe enough.
Michael belonged on the throne and if that meant having the bratty human Omega Prince at his side then so be it.
Padding over to his bed he quickly got all of the pillows and blankets situated before climbing into the middle.
"Take me /home/" He blinked the tears from his eyes "Take me away from here Alpha."
"You're awake."
"You're both painfully humble. Be proud for once you two. You are both going to be amazing Kings with amazing people on your courts. With this friendship I'm sure you'll both bring many many years of peace." The maid added with a small smile and flutter of her wings
Gabriel tilted his head at Sam, noticing the red string coming from the Prince's chest, following the line to his own chest he halted. Glanced up, eyes locking with Sam's
"Why?" Sam asked again, like anyone would. The simple one word question mocked Gabriel and settled deep in the put of his stomach.
"Bad news… I think we're back on the table. There was a new wave of recruits down at the FBI office. Balty was in town yesterday." Gabriel the second oldest of the Novak Pack, half sighed, half chuckled. If he was being honest, he loved the game of hide-and-seek. It was thrilling. The blond wanted to throw out some joke but knew Lucifer would probably deck him if he did.
Dean nodded and looked down at his dusty boots.
Everything was very much like what he knew, entering Dean's room the Angel's hard expression softened. It was neatly kept, pictures tucked away on the nightstand, one specifically caught Castiel's eye. It was of Dean, and this world's Castiel, standing in the chapel that was buried deep in the heart of the Men of Letter's bunker. The picture was taken mid kiss, Sam standing behind them with a small smile and tear filled eyes. Both Dean and this world's Castiel had on simple wedding rings made from what appeared to be silver.
However when Lucifer had been near the Queen's memorial fountain in the rose garden he cought the faint scent of Vanilla and Leather, mingled with distress. It was disturbing to say the least, especially since Dean's scent had the lingering notes of a heat coming on, mixed with the smell of an Alpha smelling of ashes and burning coals, a demon Alpha on that with the subtle hints of sulpher that every Demon possessed.
Charlie only smiled wider and played with the end of her braid
The Archangel had informed his father and then immediately sent a message to John King of Earth, to inform him of the situation.
"Omegas are people too Lucifer. They aren't toys or breeders how society treats them. They have feelings, thoughts, ideas, they are their own people. As an Alpha it is my job to care for him and his needs, to protect him. Not to control him and use him as a toy."
"Go to sleep. I'm sure De will be up early wanting to meet his new little sister." Castiel pointed out running his fingers through Dean's grey streaked hair
"Boy do I know it! Everyone thought I'd be an Alpha. All the males in my bloodline were... I was going to be King," He took a deep breath and steadied his scent as to not smell upset "Instead I get the wonderful privilege of marrying one of the most sought after Alphas out there." He added hoping he hadn't sounded or smelled upset. "Since we all thought I would present an Alpha I trained and learned to be one. But, some of those classes I had to sit through after I presented..." He shook his head his lip curling in disgust, his sweet scent of leather and Vanilla soured slightly
"Dean, I told you I cannot braid it on my own." The younger Prince huffed with yet another eye roll
"But what to /you/ want Dean?"
"We went to look at the case because a couple had been killed, we ended up losing the other family. It was a couple and their-" Sam swallowed thickly, eyes watering with tears "Their 12 year old daughter died also. We weren't fast enough and the spirit killed her, Dean held her as the spirit-" Sam looked down at his boots "we lost them, but no one else will get hurt now. Dean's not taking it well."
"She knows what happened to Dean! I know you don't care but I do" He raised his voice at Michael.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Anger weaved around the edges of Chuck's scent as the bearded angel looked John in the eyes, his graying feathers ruffled up a bit, hands folding on the table before him
Charlie was waiting for him, and his stepmother.
The golden Alpha just shook his head in confusion
"Come on Son. You're the only one we still need to make sure is alright." His voice was a low rumble, the sound Dean found a bit comforting.
Dean tried to pull his face out of Alistair's hand but the demon only gripped his face harder, his fingers digging into the Human's cheeks, and it hurt like Hell.
"My brother has challenged me for the throne. We duel at noon for the crown," Michael looked at Dean and his eyes and voice softened "And for you as our bride."
Dean raised his hand to knock on Bobby's door, when he was stopped by Bobby's personal secretary. A cute redhead, hair in a ponytail, polka dot white and blue dress. She put her hands on her hips, tilted her head and looked up at Dean. "Bobby is in a meeting. Can I help you?"
"Yeah, oh gods is right Michael." Sam hissed with a shake of his head, blinking back tears "He's scared right now. Obviously. He spent months being tortured by an angry Alpha, so I think raising your voice, or even the slightest bit of unease will only cause more fear for him right now, even though he won't admit it." Sam continued, beginning to pace, glass crunching beneath his feet.
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
The sun was gone and the clock ticked in the hallway, the fridge groaned making ice and Dean was about ready to shove himself in the freezer.
"I have ready laid out new clothes and towels. Be fast the seamstress will be here any minute... Heads up though, Lilith is a creepy ass demon bitch that really has no scent except artificial perfume. Regardless she has a cold and rather uncomfortable smile and always these clicky painted nails and to much lipstick. Still her wedding attire is phenomenal. Just a heads up Dean."
But he brushed it off as his brother being his usual emotionless self, afterall Raphael lacked feelings in nearly every department, and thrived in the business and trade portion of running things. He was to cold to properly run a kingdom.
His nose twitched picking up Charlie's Beta scent of sweet oranges and grapefruit.
The rest of most of the known world though treated Omegas as bartering chips and whores. Honestly presenting as such literally stripped Dean of his voice and any potential titles.
"But abortion is against the law without the signing off of your Alpha. What if I decides to keep the kid and Michael makes me abort? What if I want to abort and Michael refuses to sign off on it? Charlie you're a Beta, you guys and can do whatever. But with Omega's theses are different." Dean explained trying to keep a level head was difficult right now. He felt he needed to throw up again, but he also wanted food.
"How hard it is depends on the kid. Emma, was really easy, Ben was more difficult but he's out of pull-ups even at night now. Sammy was semi difficult but-"
Sam sat on the carpet in front of Dean, back to him as he laid out the maps and books.
"Whatever you want Dean. It's your body, your life, and ultimately your call on what you do with it and the the one growing in you." Michael said softly and simply. He didn't want to influence Dean's decision and make him regret whatever he decided. He wanted Dean to be sure of what he wanted to do about the baby and Michael would support him and be there for him through all of it no matter what happened.
Lucifer led his best friend over to a couple of crates and the two Alpha's sat down.
Lucifer looked away from Michael's gaze quickly as he cleared his throat
Michael ran a hand through his hair and let out a sigh his wings drooping slightly
"Ah. Good to know we have a tough person marrying into the family. Thoigh I would reccomend getting cleaned up. The Seamstress is to arrive soon." Chuck stated with a nonchalant shrug and uninterested tone. He then grabbed his grapes and left.
"I am sure of it. I need to head out now. Benny will stay with you until your father arrives to walk you into the auditorium." Dean turned to face her as Kate placed a sweet kiss to Dean's forehead
"Only formalities in front of the the other staff please. Michael is fine when it is you and I, or even us and Dean." Michael explained with an amused twinkle in his eyes
"Thank you. I will be out shortly." Michael gave the young man a nod as he left.
"I dread that I must wake up from this spell. I cannot stand to go back to how everything was, the marriage, my-my ki-kidnapping and a life not in your arms." Dean sucked in a harsh breath "I cannot and do not want to live another day without your wings around me and your heartbeat under my hand, I do not want to wake up next to anyone else, I just... I cannot stay in this little dream with you any longer. For I know if I do I will think of nothing else for the remainder of my days."
What would his father say? How would His father react to knowing that his eldest son, the one that refused to be a typical Omega, the son that was built and trained like an Alpha, that was headstrong and bullheaded, had been bred like some animal to a random Demon?
Michael grabbed Castiel by the shoulder, spinning him around. His little brother's dark wings tensed and he actually growled at Michael
Something was burning, or at least smelled that way. There was the sound of a steady dripping somewhere behind him, the whole room had the wretched smell of angered and aroused Alpha and it made Dean's head shoot up.
He left his bathroom door open so he could hear what his brothers had to say and watched them both closely in the mirror.
"Whatever you say Prince." Sam narrowed his eyes at the angel before speaking again "You did not go after Dean did you?"
"I'm Lucifer, and you're not supposed to be in the knights wing without an escort. Unless of course you're sneaking off." Lucifer's red glare hardened and Dean simply stiffened his shoulders
Dean simply shook his head
"What the Hell Cas."
"Of course." Lucifer opened the door further and moved so that the four winged golden Alpha could step in and with a quick glance down the hallway Lucifer closed the door
John turned his head at the sound of horses. Gave the Crowned Prince a little head nod and followed his son inside. Once in the doors Chuck was already there and scooping John and Kate off, not even giving Dean a moment to speak.
"He is fine my friend. But I am afraid that things here have escalated a bit." Michael ran his hands over his face in exasperation
"I do not!"
"Oh! Welcome back guys." Sam smiled looking up at the angels. Dean didn't say a word where he sat at the map table, nursing, what Sam would later tell Cas was his third beer, feet on the table, a look of anger on his face
Dean bit the inside of his cheek, he wasn't caving. He had been in there for he lost count of how many minutes.
Afterall, Dean was going to rule alongside him...
Dean blinked as he realized his future husband was looking at him expectantly.
"Probably because you always knew him as Samandriel and not Alfie."
Putting Lucifer's arm over his shoulder, muttering apologies to the Archangel as hw whimpered at the simple movement
General
Dean peeked over the frame of the shattered window from where he hid in the room, a large crater had been punched into the parking lot. Car alarms blared, street lamps were shattered, trees uprooted, bits of asphalt lay everywhere on fire. The rain doing nothing to put it out as another round of thunder and lightning strikes.
This made Dean chuckle lightly and he felt some of the tension shrink from his shoulders.
"Oh I know." The Demon smiled as he pet his fingers down Dean's cheek
Dean shifted slightly as he looked about the Beta soliders, they all averted their eyes but he saw the way their noses twitched. But Betas weren't so affected by an Omega in heat, how Lucifer and Castiel were staying sane was beyond the human Prince.
Sam gave Dean an apologetic look before shooting a glare to John and storming out of the dining room.
Michael and Lucifer lead a decent amount of troops into the capital. Various soldiers branched away from the group heading home while The Prince and his Knight continued on to the castle.
(Even if you dear reader don't)
"We were supposed to win. We were supposed to go live a, a happy life. We were going to be happy! But then-then" Castiel stopped speaking, a sad and twisted scowl on his face "He's dead. He died in my arms and I caused it! I killed him! How fucked up is that?" A laugh bubbled out of the broken Angel's lips. It made Dean's skin crawl, his heart shattered at the broken being in front of him.
"I'll be safe. I have a couple of trusted people going with me. An angel and a human royal gaurd. I've heard many good things about Claire from Castiel. When your father sent her she joined Castiel's group. The Angel's name is Gadreel and he is trusted by Lucifer and Michael alike."
"Enough of you witch!" Chuck cut her off, taking a step forward when Michael placed a firm hand on his father's chest, hiding the Witch from his father's view with his wings
Dean shivered slightly but tried to maintain his composure. An actual startled yip escaped the Prince's throat as something warm and so, so very soft pulled Dean close to Michael's body.
"Hello boys."
Wrong.
In addition to this, I want you all to know that this is the official announcement, to say I am writing a Sequel to "Red String" the book will be called "Severed" and it will focus on Sam and Gabriel, and the events after this fic.
"Gabriel?"
"What about you Dean? What's your favorite color?" Michael asked suddenly. A part of him wanted to learn about his future husband, while the rest of his inner Alpha growled for someone less, tangible.
"But I had already had my rut two weeks prior. I had two in a month and Dean is the reason for the second." Castiel frowned and dropped his face into his hands "His scent, his smile, they drive me crazy I can never seem to get it out of my head, my nose... His laugh is infectious and I never seem to get it fully from my ears! All green seems to pale in comparison to his eyes, the sun is dimmer without his smile, scents are dull unless it's his. I never knew I fancied the smell of Vanilla mingled with leather until I met Dean." Castiel raised his head from his hands and his eyes were wet, his scent wasn't that of bitter burnt coffee that indicated his anger, instead it was that of watered down coffee and the lingering scent of paper, wet and ripping.
"I know Lucifer but I-"
Michael didn't deserve Dean.
Cas finally sat up and kicked the sheet off. Both men had agreed they couldn't sleep without a little blanket, so a light sheet was all they had. The heavier blanket lay rolled up and tossed in the corner by the bookshelf. Where it had stayed all summer and will stay until the fall months rolled around.
The older Alpha noticed how flustered the young Prince was, and he knew where it stemmed from. He knew Castiel had quickly fallen for the Omega Prince in the mere month that the boy had been in the castle. Lucifer knew what it felt like to want to be near, to touch, to love someone unattainable.
The Crowned Prince couldn't dwell on it much as he turned to see Dean approaching, laughing and smiling, Charlie by his side and Benny, a human gaurd from John's kingdom Michael wasn't very acquainted with, close behind.
He had to go pick up Kelly, he was taking her to dinner and dancing at a bar that was by one of their more private businesses, owned by some Norwegian runaway that went by Loki. His real name was Thomas Odinson, but that wasn't important, Loki did a good job and that's what mattered. He became the face of the bar after Gabriel had been caught and taken to trial. Gabe the kid the Loki identity even. Lucifer didn't care so long as no one got caught and persecuted for their more illegal activity. Lucifer was actually kinda proud of Gabrielfor taking that precautionand getting a patsy. Regardless, Lucifer liked taking Kelly dancing there. She seemed to love it.
The Alpha knew though that even if the Prince wasn't due to be married they could never be.
Michael had to of misheard his brother. Yes Raphael was not directly in this immediate royal family, but he had been adopted when a close family friend of their father's died. Raphael was as much a brother as the ones that shared blood.
Lucifer opened his eyes as the warm hand slipped away from his cheek.
"Thank you brothers. I hope he's comfortable..." Michael had a hand on his chin and his eyebrows furrowed.
Dean dismounted quickly as his father turned at the sound of his horse's approach. The Alpha Human's eyes watered at seeing his eldest safe and sound. Having obviously been informed of his four months captured and tortured at the hands of demons.
Little mini Michael's and mini Dean's running around the castle, some with wings, some without, little princes and princesses... The thought made Michael smile, but shocked him as well. He had never fully thought of settling down. He knew it was coming, he knew a child was expected withing the first two years of he and Dean's marriage, but, part of him was mostly shocked because the image in his head it wasn't he and Dean with a bunch of children.
Dean was in love with Castiel.
Was it a good idea to suggest a trip to the bar with this stunner beside him? Would they get any work done at all? Who knew, but it might be a start.
He was going to finally after two years go and see his father and brothers again.
One thing that caught the Prince's attention was a figure walking along the coastline. They had no wings, no horns, so most likely human, they walked along the coast feet in the Receding waves.
"Im glad the two of you are getting along so well." He hummed looking Dean in the eyes, wings raising ever so slightly.
But it wasn't a bad thing.
"It's nothing serious..." Gabriel grumbled trying to throw on a smile " I miss them is all."
"There have been recent developments over the past few years you are most likely unaware of, that have me worried for him... But, I feel you may be able to fix it." Chuck explained rubbing his hands on his legs as he spoke
His name was Michael Cohen, a freshly baked detective for the FBI. He was assigned the Novak's case - an impossible riddle filled with dead ends and several detectives quitting after recovering from sleepless nights and literal torture before him. The entire thing was all speculation, suspicion. The Novak's didn't even exist in the US until last year, but no one could find anything other than the maybes and possiblys from other countries.
"It's a pleasure to meet you my dear Omega Prince." She kissed his hand and Dean couldn't help but feel majorly uncomfortable.
"Do you want to co-"
"What language for a future King." Dean tried to laugh as he opened his eyes. His hand slipped from Michael's cheek and the Archangel didn't admit it, but it was anchoring while it was there.
"It's unbecoming of a future King" Sam mocked to which Dean flicked his ear again
"Brother, are you alright?"
"Alright." Bobby hummed, finally noticing the cars and sharks with laser eyes his grandson had scribbled on semi important papers "Alrighr Kiddo. Head off with Uncle Sammy so Gramps and Dad and get work done."
"No. I could smell the difference in your scent. I figured you would tell me in your own time." John reassured his eldest son with a tilt of his head "Don't let Michael force you to do anything you don't want to about it. It's your body and ultimately your choice."
There was a brief pause and for a moment Dean thought he'd been caught. It was easier for him to hide and eavesdrop since he had no wings to worry about hiding. Still he could see and hear them and the breeze was coming in and Dean had to admit, out of the two Alphas there was one that smelled, perfect Dean shook his head quickly as the talking started up again
Lucifer was taken aback by the sudden growl and aggression the Prince showed. Truly Michael in charge and demanding was something the blonde Alpha Knight loved seeing, it made him grow to see the Prince in a way he never saw any other living anything.
The smell of blood was overpowering, death and sorrow filled the air, bombarding Dean's already heightened senses.
"It's not simple. But he's ok. Just like you're okay, and Lucifer is okay, complicated, but okay. Alright?"
Samandriel.
The other maids and cooks whispered and jabbed before Charlie shot them a death glare.
Being human sucked big time.
"How worried was Father?"
"I'll be ready soon."
Sam and Lucifer were almost to the doors, a demon tried to grab the boy, and Lucifer, even as Injured as he was, forced his battered wkngs to flare. A growl erupted from his chest, blood dribbling down his chin as the Demon took a step back, startled, only to be stabbed in the chest by Sam.
"I'm sorry if this is uncomfortable for you... You just seemed, cold."
It looks like the Prince wasn't the only broken Alpha around.
Dean's green eyes widened at how soft the wings were. He gently opened and closed his hand threading his fingers through the soft inside feathers. He had never seen anything so, white or soft in his entire life.
"Take him out of my sight." Michael growled to the guards restraining his father "Lock him up until further notice." As he spoke them the words felt as if they were stabbing his heart with ice, with the finality of an executioner's axe.
Gabriel spun around and groaned at Cas
There was no denying how beautiful Heaven was. The sky was slightly overcast but the breeze held spring on it, the flowers were budding in the bushes and trees, peeking out of the grass.
Not heard.
Dean finally snuck away for a little bit, this time though he was not alone. He had snagged Benny along with him as sneaking off alone made him start to panic, but he needed air away from the intense hubbub of decorators and people with questions.
"Don't Apologize. You're warm." The older Alpha grumbled as he sat up with a hiss, his wings sluggish and he forced them to move off the teen
"You're leaving now aren't you." Sam's voice rang out in the dark, the only noise the sloshing of gentle spring waves against the dark rocks
"It's not a problem Gabriel. You needed to just, let the emotion out before it built up and caused you further heartache" Sam rationalized as he always seemed to do.
"There are a lot of options Dean. And only /you/ know which one you need to take. You could keep the child and raise them, you could give them to someone else to raise as their own, or if it's really to much abort." Charlie refused to put her input in. She would not influence Dean one way or the other, it was ultimately his child, his body, his life, and his choice.
Kate pulled the boy into a hug and ruffled his hair
"I can't get it out of my head... His scent, his eyes I just... You know since I met him, all shades of Green haven't seemed so vibrant or interesting anymore... I keep trying to compare them to his eyes and it's wrong for me to think like that, to feel like this but..." Castiel's voice trailed off and Dean couldn't listen to this anymore.
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah?" Dean opened his eyes and squeaked (totally like a man) as Castiel flicked the sweat at Dean.
"I asked if you were alright."
Gabriel and Castiel didn't hesitate to join their eldest brother in the blood stained dirt below.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"But Why? Lucifer, please do not make this more difficult."
"Don't worry about it Dean. Right now we're focusing on us." Castiel raised their intertwined hands to his lips to kiss the back of Dean's hand, making the human blush lightly.
"What is it? You're never this serious and if it has something to do with Michael's future Mate... What did the freckled jackass do?" Lucifer grumbled before sitting in a chair across from Gabriel whom remained standing beside a second chair.
"Why are you so upset?"
"I-" Dean sprang to his feet and on shaken legs grabbed the nearest thing he could find, a decorative marble flower pot, dumped out the contents and threw up anything he'd eaten recently, tears running once again down his blood streaked face. The commotion around him made it hard to focus as sound all gurgle together in waves of just blind noise, the bitter smell of flesh, the iron scent of blood and some pain in his arm made it hard to focus on anything as the Omega Prince gripped the side of the now mostly empty flower pot. The stench if his vomit hit his nose on top of everything else only making the nausea worse
"Yes your Majesty?" The Omega woman bowed, her wings lowering in a sign of respectful submission
"If you've come to use me, I will put up a fight. Don't think me a needy Omega because of an induced heat." He growled and while the growl swallowed out into a whine Castiel knew his threat was all the same
"I-" Dean swallowed thickly trying to keep the food down "I need to lie down. I'm sorry Gabriel. Sam, I will head to my room for the night." Dean stood and had to steady himself with the wall for a moment before he composed himself and headed for his room. Motioning for a gaurd to follow him as he didn't feel safe on his own.
The Archangel touched his cheek and laughed bitterly
'Novak is the name you should prepare to avoid. Several cases lead back to the untraceable family. Each and any hints welcome.'
Michael smiled slightly and his scent lightened to amusement.
Michael ended up with another sword, and was tackled to the ground by the yellow eyed demon woman. Chuck, Kate, and a few guards went about trying to get people evacuated and defend them from being killed, John was head on with the other yellow eyed demon. Castiel was able to pull the snarling demon woman off of Michael
Castiel frowned and his nose twitched at the soured and angry scent that radiated off of Michael in waves.
Straighening back up and rubbing his lower back Dean glanced over his shoulder, Garth was talking Castiel's ear off about growing up on a farm and growing corn, and how he was taking night classes to be a dentist. Castiel didn't even look like he was paying attention until Garth mentioned they had some bees when he was growing up, that seemed to get Castiel really animated.
Castiel nodded, pulling away from his brother not feeling any better, the sweetness to Gabriel's scent was calming, but not enough.
Kellie took his hand and gently dragged him into the living room.
"You will not speak to Gabriel in such a manner little brother." Michael spoke up without a glance to Gabriel and the flash if hurt that came over his face briefly as his golden wings sagged slightly
Shaking his head Dean glanced at the two men staring at him expectedly
Dean turned his attention back to his husband as he hauled him up, apologies like a chant spilling from his lips with every anguished sound of pain that his Cas made
"Oh, good morning Mama." Dean smiled leaning forward with a hand on the woman's elbow as he kissed Kate's cheek "You look stunning today! Are you sure it's not your wedding today?"
Michael lay back to join him, wings splayed out and arms flopped out, much how one would do when making snow angels
Everything that had happened they all knew they couldn't change, but they were all in this together, a family, and it was the start of something beautiful.
After Dean booked it down the hall and outside again all three Alphas just blinked at eachother
John simply nodded. Kate let go of his arm with a sad look upon her face, taking Adam by the hand she led him inside and out of the rain, even though they had a few gaurds holding umbrellas over them.
Michael looked back down at Dean with a happy smile and chuckled a little bit.
Dean flicked his brother's ear and sighed "That is all. Do you think I would go to bed with anyone? An Alpha nonetheless? After what I've been through? Sex, dear brother is the farthest thing from my mind! May the Gods be gracious enough to ever make it appealing to me again, it won't be so soon." The older Winchester grumbled and made a point to tug a little to quickly at his younger brother's hair.
Then there was the bit mark, on one side of his collarbone. It made tears swell in his eyes at the thought that Alistair had almost /actually/ mated him.
Gabriel snorted and turned his face to look at Sam
Gabriel's smile only widened as he gave Kali's hand a kiss
"Dean, I care about you. I care about the child you're carrying but, I don't romantically love you. I don't think I ever will be able to love you the way everyone expects." The Archangel started, he took a deep breath, hands scrubbing over his face, eyes glistening with unwashed tears "My heart belongs to another. I feel I've already betrayed a marriage that isn't even official. I feel I've betrayed you in the fact I shall never be able to properly love you. Not for what's happened to you, not even close. But my heart will never belong to you, my live with never be there for you in the way that a husband should have for his spouse." The glistening tears finally slipped silently down Michael's cheeks. The Alpha's voice cracked "I shall love the children we are to have, and I shall love you as a friend. But I can never love you how a husband should love his spouse. It is nothing you have done, it is nothing will have done, and it certainly is not because of the terrible tortured you have endured." Michael finally turned his wet gaze to meet Dean's
Michael snapped his mouth shut and simply listened as Lucifer knelt in front of him and folded in his wings
Michael returned the hug feeling he shouldn't press the angel any further.
Nope.
Dean opened his eyes again and came face to face with the Alpha.  His eyes held nothing but curiosity and something Dean couldn't place, but it made him try to move away.
Nothing seemed to work.
"And as my Alpha you have a serious decision to make that I have no say in." Dean's eyes fell back to the floor, glaring at his broken reflection in the shattered mirror pieces "Ultimately you decide if I keep the baby." His voice was a near whisper as he said it, his arms instinctively wrapping around his stomach
"Busy." Was the only answer he got from his father as Chuck hurried off somewhere
"In all seriousness Dean. The web of our lives keeps getting more tangled. We are to be married in three days, I bury my brother tomorrow, Lucifer is off on a revenge mission of some sort, Crowley is in my home, you are pregnant with a Demon's baby, my heart belongs to an Alpha and yours my little brother."
The Angel Prince had been blocking out the Omega's scent all day, he had been blocking out the occasional whimpers of discomfort from the other Prince, he had put his own body, and his own mind on lockdown to keep from doing something he would greatly regret, and yet here Dean went and called him /Alpha/.
"I am fine Gabriel. Prince Sam." The blue eyed angel gave Sam a bow to which Sam shook his head
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Castiel was sure if he still had grace, if he was still an angel, he could of done something, maybe Dean was still close enough that he could of healed him, maybe he could of even brought him back to life. Cas had even visited crossroads, and while those were very dangerous with the rabid infected running loose, he had tried.
Dean knew this was all irrational thinking. But that never stops one's mind from running rapid
"Good." Sam's hard serious glare turned into a wide smile "Because if it was otherwise your brother would lose his knot and his beautiful wings would hang over my fireplace back home."
"Pleasure." Mike smiled politely as he leaned back, arms crossed over his broad chest.
To lean into the warm body beside him was very tempting but Dean knew to control himself. He wasn't some needy Omega that wanted to be coddled and pet.
"Ok Alp-Michael" Dean corrected himself still avoiding the Alpha's kind gentle gaze.
Dean headed down the hallway quickly. He knew he had given away his position as he heard Gabriel exclaim something and two sets of Alpha footsteps were soon right behind him. He knew he heard Gabriel call his name and that only made Dean break into a run. He needed to run, to go outside, to breath and he needed to process what he over heard. It was so intimate and it was about him and it was what Castiel thought of his eyes and they were not mates nor were they to be married. They weren't in love. He was going to be marrying Michael, Castiel's eldest brother. He felt he was betraying his soon to be husband and they weren't even officially married for another two months.
"I'm just a broken Omega whore!" Dean hissed through his teeth "I'm not happy, I never will be, I'll always live my life thinking it's my fault, that my-my body fucking reacted to it even when I screamed for it to stop! I hate I'm an Omega, I hate I'm some stupid helpless bitch that any Alpha thinks they can overpower! You should of just let me pretend to be an Alpha! Or do what Hell does and have me put down like a diseased dog! Maybe you wouldn't be so-so ashamed of me then." Dean's anger bubbled in his scent, souring the smell of vanilla, and wetting the smell of leather.
"I expect nothing less from you."
The Prince took his time getting clean, using the sweet smelling soaps and oils that were tradition for human Omega's to bath in the morning of the wedding. Personally he didn't like them, sure they smelled nice, and they were his mother's before him, but he felt they made him smell wrong, he didn't like the way their scent cloaked his own, though he was now sure his nerves and pregnancy would be fully masked through the soaps he was messaging into his skin and scalp.
He wasn't ever going to have Castiel and he needed to accept that.
"I'm sorry. Truly I am... I did try to escape. Almost bit fingers off and headbutted some jerk in the nose." Dean grumbled as he pulled his legs onto the chair and sat sideways, knees bent over one of the armrests
Not to mention Dean's father John, step mother Kate and baby brother Adam would be here for the wedding anyday.
"Follow me. What is going on brother?"
"I know Lucifer, we just have to get you outside..." Sam mumbled nearly falling when Lucifer's legs almost gave out under him
Sam's eyes were wide as a full moon as he gazed upon the gorey scene below, never had the 15 year old Prince witnessed such cruelty.
Castiel on the other hand stared into a pool of green that made the summer leaves look wilted and gray. He couldn't understand how a single color could carry so much emotion and depth.
"Before the wedding? Isn't that against Enochian custom? Thought they were all about abstinence until marriage? Especially in their royalty and future rulers?" Dean tilted his head swallowing back confusion
Dean decided to trust her, afterall he needed one friend around here and she seemed nice, he didn't remember much from his heat except it was uncomfortable as always.
Michael tilted his head to try and loom Dean in the eye but the human wouldn't make eye contact
"That's gross! Mommy and Daddy do that too and it's nasty!"
"What? No. That's ridiculous. It's difficult enough to face the fact my future mate is ten years older than I, but the King of Hell is easily as old as my father." Dean frowned "Besides, it's in both Earth and Heaven's best interest for Michael and I to marry..."
Dean stood and motioned to Charlie who seemed to know what the wave was about as she grabbed Dean and Michael's hats and coats.
"Im allergic." Dean huffed wrinkling his nose
Besides, Michael would be lying if he said his best friend wasn't amazing when he was speaking softly and kind to someone. It was a part of Lucifer really only Michael ever got to see.
Dean's mouth fell open as he blinked at Chuck. His eyes glowing green in the crackling firefight
"You first."
"Don't thank me Dean. You would have done the same, no, you have done the same for me." Castiel whispered placing a kiss to Dean's hair "Try to sleep."
"I'm sorry I got mad Lucifer. But you know my standings on the issue of how Omegas are treated. They are not toys or bartering chips. They are living beings that want all the same things everyone else does."
"You can't what? Tell Dad and Michael? I'll be there with you. We'll do it together." Sam said quickly searching his brother's face for what he had no idea
we're nearing the end my Moosen! But Mama has already got ideas for a book 2 and 3 sooooo maybe this is just the beginning? Idfk
"Because I'm pregnant." Dean finally spit out after what seemed like a million years of tension
"Yeah work is busy that's for sure. But it is how it is. I'll move you outta this little place, and into somewhere bigger soon. Not the family home though, as much as Pop's wouldn't mind, I can't guarantee you won't fall for one of my brothers." Lucifer chuckled kissing her temple before opening the passenger side door for his beautiful girlfriend
"Why?" Was all Michael responded turning his face to look at Dean where he lay on the grass
"And I thought humans were to stubborn to let someone let them win."
"Anything for Dean." Castiel huffed as John's embrace briefly tightened.
"I'm sorry." The boy whimpered taking a step back
"Oh." He muttered sitting beside Michael as the two slipped into a comfortable but heavy silence.
"He isn't forcing me to do shit. He told me the decision is up to me and he'll support me no matter what. I just- Dad I don't know what the right choice is." Dean's eyes met John's as a few silent tears slipped down his healing cheeks "Everyone keeps saying it's my decision, my body, my choice, that no one is going to force me to do anything about it, because it doesn't matter. But-I-I'm just..."
"A demon Alpha named Alistair. Castiel dealt with him personally. He claimed he worked for the Queen if Hell." Lucifer explained with a sigh
Michael put an arm on Castiel's shoulder and led the young Alpha inside.
Sam flinched back as Michael's wings rose up a little, his chair scrapping
Castiel looked at Gabe with such a lost look, one Gabriel hadn't seen in his little brother's eyes since he told him Samandriel was gone and no one could find him, or when he had to explain that his Mama was In Heaven.
"You both smell ridiculous." He huffed pushing one of the gaint doors open
The human cleared his throat and read as follows;
"Gabriel went to find the Witch!"
Michael snapped out of his daze, icy eyes focusing back in Castiel
"Allow me to enlighten you on a little secret Ms Charlie," Michael muttered motioning for Charlie to lean in as if to hear a secret "Proper ladies are boring, social norms are boring, and I think it is refreshing that you joke and jest, that you bow instead of curtsey, and that you sneak off for Mysterious rendezvous' with the stable maids and laundry girls." Michael gave the girl a wink before straightening back up
Sam looked up from his plate, tucked a stray strand of hair behind his ear and with a spiteful glower returned Raphael's venom
"I am not sure Prince. But you're welcome to check." Benny stepped to the side to allow Sam to enter to which Sam gave the gaurd a kind smile and quietly entered his brother's room.
The Alpha felt everything being ripped from his chest.
Michael and Gabriel exchanged a look and judging by the way Gabriel had no emotion on his face and simply shrugged indicated to Michael that he knew what was going on.
"Lucifer! What in the Name of Heavens gates was that for!"
Dean snorted as he laughed, the baker showing them his cakes gave him a near offended look that made Dean cough behind his hand and quietly apologized.
"You love my assbutt." Dean gave Cas a big wide toothy grin, holding back a laugh as Cas groaned in pretend irritation. For a while all either man heard was the whirring of the blender, until everything went silent. The blender stopped, the fan in the bedroom died off, the fridge stopped humming, and the lights went off.
"You would be impressed if I got myself one of the beautiful cars that sits beside my brother here." He jabbed a thumb over his shoulder to the sleek black car.
Dean's nose flared at the scent of Rose's and sulpher and Alpha. It was repulsive but his body responded to it with a need that Dean would much rather try his hardest to ignore.
"No. This was the agreement years ago. They are two damn days from being wed we aren't changing it. What brought this about John? Is it because some demon kidnapped the Omega? Or is this you yourself are scared to lose a son to marriage?"
Gabriel smiled widely at Dean and popped some fruit that hadn't ended up on the floor in his mouth
"I doubt we will need to worry abiut that." Sam continued standing and rounding the table to place a firm hand on Michael's shoulder "The signs are there. I just have a few questions for you about Castiel."
"Yes Milady, he is a pretty little thing" Alistair purred beside Dean and it made Dean shift and try to move again.
Michael directed.
Alphas weren't with other Alphas, offspring couldn't be produced, likewise Omegas were never with other Omegas, not when they were often married off to Alphas and Betas.
"Tell me what happened while I was gone."
"Yes Ma'am?" Michael smiled making eye contact with her.
Castiel's mouth flopped open, he sat there fumbling for an excuse but the Alpha came up with nothing as his gaze fell to his feey
It made the Prince feel completely disgusting and he tried to shift in his seat and pray the Alpha wasn't smelling anything
"I will speak however I would like. You're not even a real Alpha Gabriel."
Perhaps Dean just needed space? Afterall when something shitty happened in their lives, and Dean was reacting badly, he often just needed a little space. Some time to get his head in the right place and process.
White and gold, spiraling towers and large windows, balconies and gardens.
The demon stilled in shock as he looked up slightly at the blonde Alpha that had indeed tied the restraints a little to tight.
"You act like we are sending you to your funeral! It's quit the opposite. I'm sure you and the soon to be King will get along wonderfully." He patted Dean's cheek with a gentle smile
"What?"
(When you get to the dismissal. You'll know)
He found the four winged angel sitting on a balcony, chewing something with closed eyes, he was talking to Castiel and Dean didn't feel right interrupting... So he ended up just listening.
Maybe that's why a part of Michael knew Dean would be alright, but that didn't mean anything.
He was promised to Michael.
Sam looked around and saw Dean, buried in blankets upon blankets sleeping rather restlessly. A whimper escaped his brother's throat as Sam approached, the younger Prince reached forward and gently shook his brother's shoulder to wake him from his nightmares
Dean frowned as he continued to focus on braiding his brother's hair
With that the Demon and self proclaimed Queen was out the door.
Michael was a wreck in a sense. His fiance was missing, his fiance that was an Omega and practically a child was missing.
This was going to only get more difficult.
"Let me go with you. To find the Witch." Sam took a step forward and Gabriel shook his head. Wings hidden under a dark cloak, a tall angel with brown wings took a step towards the two, his hand at a sword on his hip
Dean frowned up at the sky.
"In my experience-" Dean lifted his eyes and his jaw fell open "What the fuck is that ugly ass thing? Thought Soccer Mom SUVs were ugly but... That's a full ass pimp car." Dean laughed slapping the cloth over Benny's chest as the car in question was parked infront of the open garage door, letting the Autumn air in.
"Because Cas, it was fucking December and we were told this apartment had working AC." Dean confessed as he wiped the sweat drop from his lovers nose
Castiel let out a snarl, his own wings unfurling in the room, starting off as a shadow before seeming appearing in physical form, Dean's Cas followed suit, eyes glowing blue, Castiel's glowing white as he slide his angel blade from his sleeve
The blonde smiled at the golden winged Prince and hugged him back.
"Do you surrender?" Castiel growled, his fingers hovering above Dean's upper sides
"The worst possible thing that can happen to an Omega is what has been happening to him the past month."
"I'm alright. It's been a long day, and I just wanted to spend time with Mom, Dad, you and Sam before we had to have dinner." Dean reassured the young boy.
"Yeah I think we did have the same sergeant, Howlett right? James Howlett... Though he went by Logan for some god awful reason. Him and Barton were real harrasses." Dean chuckled with a shake of his head. "Good to know I'm not working with some old timer that won't get that things don't gotta be straight by the books y'know?" Dean glanced over the top of the newspaper at Michael as he took a seat at his desk, the chair was uncomfortable, obviously used and it creaked and was heavily annoying. Dean had sat in it ten seconds and was ready to throw it out the bureau window.
Inias nodded and with two beats of his grey and white wings flew off to inform his Captain.
The Archangel said nothing for a while until suddenly someone touched his arm, without thinking he spun around grabbing the person and slamming them into a delivery cart, one hand holding their arm, the other arm held up under their chin, his wings out in aggression.
"Fine! Fine! I surrender!"
There's a homophobic slur
The sound of an open hand colliding with flesh rang clear through the air with a deafening echo.
Chuck paused as he reached an area of going left or right. To the right was the hallway lined with his children's rooms, to the left led to his own room.
Dean took his seat at the table, across from Michael, who to Dean at least, look exhausted. But the Alpha was doing a wonderful job of hiding it. Perhaps Dean picked up on it because he was Omega, or because he was the same way, or maybe it was because he had seen his father in the same place, or because he was going to marry the angel he didn't know, but he knew Michael hadn't slept a wink last night. Or hardly any night since his disappearance. There were smiles all around the tables and greetings to Dean.
"Hush now Sammy. I'm here." Dean choked out as the two Prince's slipped to a pile on the floor.
"Miss who exactly?" Sam pressed as they both sat cross legged on the fuzzy carpet
"Michael will win I'm sure." He smiled as they began to walk again
Dean held the sides of the wood, head hanging low as he tried not to let the tears come
Lucifer's face filled with so many emotions he didn't know how to handle it, and Michael didn't know which one to decipher
"That dear girl is none of your concern." Dean smiled at her with a shake of his head as the maid began to laugh
Vaulting through the window Dean hurried to the edge of the gasping hole, that seemingly swallowed his angel. At the bottom lay two bodies in a crumpled ball of blood, grace, and dark feathers.
"It's not as bad as it looks. I still drove it here." Castiel hummed as Jack played with his face
The two Angels were nearly invisible against the dark thundering clouds, illuminated only by the flashing lightening.
First impressions are amazing.
"Heal. My. Husband!"
Chuck's mouth snapped shut with an almost offended look, but alas he moved to the side and motioned to his eldest with a small dip of his head and wings
Crowley sat back, resting his chin on his fist, legs crossed as he examined the angry angel before him
"She's still mad at ya Gabe. But yeah. I'll let Kelly know you say hello." As he turned to leave Luc turned to Castiel.
"I don't know what it is Gabriel... But it doesn't sit right with me and I-"
Within hours they were riding upon an old farmhouse in decay, further into the country side. As they approached it Castiel flew from his horse and slipped his blade from his sleeve before diving down upon the demons standing gaurd.
"I've been challenged for the throne." Michael said steadily and Lucifer didn't stop the deep growl that rumbled his chest and he quickly stood up, hand on the hilt of his sword
Everyone soon dispersed after breakfast, and Sam remained close to Dean's side. The two Winchesters wandered in the halls in silence, before Sam spun around on his heel to face Dean
Michael ran a hand through his dark hair, trying to comb it back with his fingers as best he could. His feathers rippled as a familiar and slightly angry smell of an Alpha came off someone in his tent doorway in waves.
"Castiel, you know you can tell me right?" Michael said simply when the two Amgels stopped outside a door.
"How? How can you ease this pain? How can you say you aren't ashamed to have me, and what I am for a son? I wasn't supposed to be this way, and now look at me. I'm pregnant with a child I never wanted, drugged into consent, and still I must marry for some annoying Queen of an unrelated kingdom to Earth, or Heaven, to be happy. Earth and Heaven have had a mutual agreement with Purgatory for centuries! Why now of all times because Hell can't stay peaceful must I marry Michael! Both of us will live miserably never truly loving eachother as mates should!" Dean ground out, gasping for a breath at the end the tears came and he hated it, scrubbing his face he hated this raw vulnerability he had, the carriage had come to a stop some time ago, but the driver made no move to get the door and escort them inside, obviously noting an important conversation was taking place that was best left uninterrupted
Suddenly he flinched as the blindfold was removed and light crashed into his vision
Michael shuffled his wings behind him as he got more comfortable on his horse, turning to Dean, Michael tried to give him a comforting smile
"Let me go! I've never even met royalty before! I'm just a soldier, who served in the war! Same as you man!" The demon hissed and squirmed.
"I mean every word." Raphael declared not removing his stone cold dark gaze from Michael.
"Your Highness!" The Prince recognized the Omega Maid's scent before her voice
"If you are ready to settle than I will do as is custom and find you a satisfactory bride." Chuck continued before his tone softened "But people would find out the truth."
Michael kept his gaze on Lucifer a moment longer before looking back at the road ahead.
Michael nodded as he began to pace, Gabriel settled in an arm chair, hands folded in his lap, elbows on his knees as both older Princes began to think it all over.
King Chuck looked younger, his beard had less gray and his wings were whiter, Michael looked maybe 20. Raphael and Gabriel were teenagers while Balthazar was barely a teen and there was a little Castiel as a child. The Queen looked so much like Castiel it was nearly startling. Long wavy black hair and eyes to out blue the sky, a smile to warm the coldest heart, her wings nearly as black as Castiel's but with gold edges to them, and in her arms was a small blond infant.
"How?" Dean lifted an eyebrow as he pulled the blanket around his shoulders closer, he licked his lips ignoring the sting from the newly resplit open cut on his lower lip
"I'll find the way on my own. Thank you." He walked past Lucifer and turned a corner leaving the angry blond stewing.
Peeking through the window Dean was once again surprised and shocked by the amount of Angels wandering about. Buying, selling, chatting, little Angels with little wings chasing eachother or chasing pets.
Challenging him for the crown?
"Than don't tell me Dean. I'm sure you have a lot on your mind."
Lucifer's wings twitched and so did his fist. His heart didn't stop shattering as he thought about what he had done. He had pushed Michael away, he had to, Michael was betrothed and it was an act of Kingdoms.
"It's not important Sam. It was just a bad dream." Dean said again looking at his reflection in the vanity mirror. The swelling on his cheek and eye were down significantly to hardly anything. His body seemed to be healing at a quick pace. He assumed it was because he was safe now, his body could relax and focus on having instead of fighting. But deep down he knew why he was actually healing quicker than usual. The two reasons combined scared him.
"Listen, I know you're hurting, but I'm not-"
"Hold on a moment." Dean spoke up as he swallowed thickly "Michael is to be my husband, and Michael is to be King. You are speaking on traitorous terms here."
"No no no!" Castiel seemed to chant as his hands found his hair. He took a couple of cautious steps towards Dean, his hands shaking as he turned the chair upright. "I didn't mean to hurt you, I-I never meant, I would never hurt you again. Never never." He rambled as his warm hand held Dean's cheek.
Dean didn't look up from the water but moved his boots behind him, fixed his rolled up pant legs and let out a little hum of acknowledgement.
"Forget I asked anything. I don't want to settle and I will stop talking about silly children's stories." Gold wings shifted in unease as Gabriel's whiskey gaze tore itself from his father's almost wrathful one
"No. Typical Alpha, I mean Alphas refuse to admit when they have a fear. Really, I see it in my father, I went out of my way when I learned I was an Omega to teach my brother Sam that it's ok to be afraid." He flexed his hands and looked back up from the ground and up at Michael.
